'Right,' she said, scribbling on her clipboard once more. 'Well, if that's really the best you can do…'
‘Morning, Weasley,’ Kingsley said carelessly. ‘I’ve been wanting a word with you, have you got a second?’
Cas heard what he said and shivered. He remembered Norbert, and could only imagine what a fully grown dragon might be like.
‘Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside school while you are under the age of seventeen?’
‘The very same,’ said Karkaroff eagerly. ‘I believe he used a network of well-placed wizards, both inside the Ministry and out, to collect information-’
Dean was laughing too hard to help Harry take them down, and he only just managed it before the door creaked open and people began to arrive.
But the cheers of the Irish supporters were hardly heard over the shrieks of the Veela, the blasts issuing from the Ministry members' wands, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians.
John shuddered, hunched up in the chair. His head was throbbing and Sherlock was firmly squeezing his shoulder. He could still just about see Mr Weasley, blood all over his robes.
, and several of them made kissy faces at him whenever they saw him. Many others, including Malfoy, would deliberately run into him in the hallways.
‘That’s right. We’re just gonna turn you around now. Everything’s fine, I just need you to keep your eyes closed. Can you do that?’
Mycroft crumpled up the letter and made for the front door. ‘I need to speak with Dumbledore. You’d better pack your things,’ he said.
Zacharias said dismissively, ‘All Dumbledore told us last year was that Cedric Diggory got killed by You-Know-Who and that you brought Diggory’s body back to Hogwarts. He didn’t give us details, he didn’t tell us exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think we’d all like to know-’
'You've been working hard, but you can't force it. We'll bring it upstairs and I'll finish it there.'
‘Absolutely not,’ Sherlock replied, watching Fred step right up to the edge of the thin, gold Age Line, a scrap of parchment in his hand.
While they were watching, Bagman was accused of passing information to Rookwood, one of the names that Karkaroff had mentioned in the previous memory, but the jury voted against imprisoning him.
Trelawney didn't appear to notice John's departure, and spent the rest of the lesson striding among them, muttering what sounded like threats under her breath.
John’s head nodded, but he squeezed Sherlock’s hand even harder. He didn’t want to fall asleep until he had seen Mrs Weasley in person.
Dean sat with him until he fell asleep, then carefully got up, laying a blanket over him. A wave of fury washed over Dean as he noticed Cas holding his own hand in his sleep, the one that had been cut open by Umbridge's Black Quill.
‘The more the merrier!’ said Sirius with such obvious sincerity that Mrs Weasley beamed at him, threw on an apron and began to help with breakfast.
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and pulled him away before Umbridge could say anything else, only stopping when he was sure they were out of earshot. ‘I’m sorry, I know you don’t like being grabbed,’ Dean said, letting go of Cas’s hand, ‘but I had to get you outta there.’
’I might be seeing you all sooner than you think,’ said Charlie, grinning as he hugged Ginny goodbye.
The storm continued to rage outside and the remains of the first course were replaced with dessert. Ron wafted the scent towards Hermione to try and tempt her, but to no avail. Dean wasted no time digging into a hearty apple pie.
His mother grimaced. ‘You already are. Keep talking to people, okay? Me, Sherlock, your friends. Anyone.’
‘Harry, Fred and George got banned from playing,’ John said. ‘They jumped on Malfoy in front of Umbridge.’
‘It’s fine,’ Dean snapped. ‘’Cause, you know what? Next month I’ll be seventeen, and then none of you can stop me from doing what I gotta do.’
Dean sat and left some space between them, but Cas shuffled over, curling up so he was leaning on Dean, holding his arm.
Once everyone had settled into their seats, the champions and their partners walked up the centre of the room to the teachers’ table, where they sat down.
Trelawney’s dimly lit room was swelteringly hot, but the perfume cleared John’s head as he sat down.
By Monday morning, Dean was fidgeting in his seat excitedly, running through his favourite spells in his head.
‘We are honour-bound to give service to the present Headmaster of Hogwarts!’ cried a frail old wizard. ‘Shame on you, Phineas!’
John grimaced. ‘I can see why he’d be worried about it…’ He trailed off as Mrs Weasley returned with more food. ‘How is Mr Weasley?’ he asked.
Malfoy howled with derisive laughter. ‘So… going to enter, Weasley? Going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? There’s money involved as well, you know… you’d be able to afford some decent dress robes if you won…’
‘Hello, dear. Lovely to see you, Clara,’ she added, as Harriet’s girlfriend also came into the room.
The match quickly became faster and more brutal. The Bulgarian Beaters wacked the Bludgers towards the Irish Chasers with increasing ferocity, forcing them to scatter several times, until the Bulgarians took control of the Quaffle and scored.
‘It was not for us to say. It was John’s decision alone,’ Dumbledore said with a slight edge to his voice. ‘There is nothing in the law that states Seers must notify the Ministry of their existence.’
Dean snorted derisively. ‘You were aware of some of it, and that’s bad enough.’ He swiped the tears from his face and shoved himself to his feet. ‘Stay away from Cas,’ he said, before stomping back down the stairs to the hospital wing.
‘Yeah… well… sensitive skin,’ said Hagrid, attempting a smile, though two of his front teeth were knocked out.
‘It appears there is a need, Minister,’ Mycroft snapped. ‘If you would deny their existence, then I would continue to remind you. And I will remind you all again, that I saw these Death Eaters myself, or do you perhaps believe me a liar before the court?’
‘Yeah. We don’t know what she saw, and she doesn’t remember, but now her powers are weird. She can only hear her visions now, so she has to guess what’s going on. Dean told me before that you nearly got lost in a prophetic trance too.’
Ron dived into his bag for his timetable. ‘We haven’t got him ‘til Thursday,’ he said in a disappointed voice.
‘’Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin, young master, that will leave you pockmarked and more gruesome than you are now-’
'Watch.' Sam picked up one of John's hands and uncurled his fist. Sam pressed his thumb into the palm of John's hand and squeezed the other side with forefinger.
‘Sherlock!’ she cried, wrapping her arms around him ‘It’s so lovely to see you. Come in, come in!’ She waved them all inside. ‘Why didn’t you send a note over and let us know you were coming?’ she said, bustling around the cosy living room, straightening cushions.
‘Er…’ Zacharias said slowly, not taking the parchment that George was trying to pass to him, ‘well… I’m sure Ernie will tell me when the meeting is.’
John then attempted to force a vision, though he wasn’t sure exactly what he was looking for. The quiet conversation that Harry, Ron and Hermione were having wasn’t nearly as distracting as the earlier chaos. He saw Winky again, first in the woods, then in the Top Box, only now there was a translucent white cloud following her. ‘What does that mean?’ he muttered, but he didn’t get the chance to work it out.
‘The difference is that the Ministry doesn’t consider John much of a threat,’ said Sherlock. ‘But considering their smear campaign against both Harry and Dumbledore, there’s no telling how they might react to this. Not to mention what Umbridge might do directly.’
‘No, thank you, Ludo,’ said Crouch, a bite of impatience in his voice. ‘I’ve been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add another twelve seats to the Top Box.’
‘What prefers the dark?’ Malfoy said, a trace of panic in his voice. ‘What did he say prefers the dark - did you hear?’
The spider swelled until it was bigger than a tarantula, and Ron pushed his chair backwards, away from Moody’s desk. Moody pointed his wand again, and muttered, ‘
Sam stopped to catch his breath. 'I wanted to see if John had water visions and, well, they fell in the lake. Actually, John fell in and Sherlock jumped in to get him.'
John pinched the bridge of his nose, then sighed and grabbed Sherlock for a hug. ‘I have to find a way to get better at this,’ he said. ‘What’s the point in seeing these things if I can’t help?’
‘Which was a wise move, wasn’t it, as it prevented someone like you turning them all in,’ muttered Moody.
‘I mean, if it’s a question of influence with the Ministry, I don’t think they’ve got much of a chance… from what my father says, they’ve been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years… and as for Potter… my father says it’s a matter of time before the Ministry has him carted off to St Mungo’s… apparently they’ve got a special ward for people whose brains have been addled by magic.’
Though his hands shook as he added ingredients, Dean watched Cas make the potion with pride. In such a short amount of time, Cas had already made great improvements. They spent much of the day relaxing once the potion was finished, only making an effort to go on Cas’s patrol. Towards the end of the day, however, Cas became much more withdrawn, and let go of Dean’s hand. Dean knew that he was already thinking of their detention the next day. This became more obvious to Dean when Cas refused dinner and walked silently to the hospital wing.
Mr Weasley packed all their tents away by magic and they left the campsite, passing a dazed Mr Roberts on the way.
It wasn’t until the next morning that John felt well enough to walk across the village, and only after he’d eaten a large bowl of porridge.
'Something Malfoy said on the train made us think he knew it was you, and his father was on the platform. If you come up here and Malfoy recognises you again-'
They had just started cooking eggs and sausages when Bill, Charlie and Percy came strolling out of the woods towards them.
‘You’re going to have an interesting year,’ said Bill. ‘I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it…’
‘Our family are renowned for collecting knowledge,’ Sherlock explained. ‘A pastime I quite enjoy, though rarely get the time for.’
‘Thanks, Melly.’ John took a handful of the powder and threw it on the fire, just as Sherlock had. He climbed in, relieved that the fire wasn’t burning him, and tried not to choke on the ashes. ‘Diagon Alley!’ he cried. He too was sucked into the fireplace, spinning faster than he ever had before. He could see other fireplaces as he went, though he flew by too quickly to see anything out of them. Just as he was starting to feel quite sick from the spinning, he shot out of the fireplace at the Leaky Cauldron, skidding across the floor. He coughed up all the ash he had inhaled while Sherlock helped him to his feet.
The sauce on the stove started smoking, and Dean jumped forward to stir it. ‘Why don’t you let us help you, Mrs Weasley?’ he said. ‘Sam, come chop these carrots.’
Cas nodded. ‘I think it’ll help you if we get a quill that’s shaped more in the way you’re used to. It’ll help your handwriting and make your own work easier to read.’
Things were hazy for a while, until he felt himself being lifted up and placed on a floating stretcher. Madam Pomfrey must have come for him. John was just barely holding on, but hold on he did.
Lucius's cold, grey eyes swept over Mr Weasley, then up and down the row. 'Good Lord, Arthur,' he said softly. 'What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?'
‘Don’t be a prat, Neville, that’s illegal,’ George said. ‘They wouldn’t use the Cruciatus Curse on champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing… maybe you’ve got to attack him in the shower, Harry…’
'So what if I am?' Hermione said coolly, though her face was a little pink. 'I can have a pen-pal if I-'
John decided to give himself some rest that week, though Hermione kept him up to date on his homework. He did make sure that he went down for meals, just so that he wouldn’t go stir crazy sitting around in Gryffindor Tower all day.
'Hey!' Dean called. 'Where are you going?' But Cas ignored him, so Dean followed him as best he could. He ran down several flights of stairs, but Cas disappeared through a corridor, leaving Dean spinning around, trying to figure out where he went. 'Damn it,' he muttered, then ran back up to Gryffindor Tower. He bumped into Harry, who was also on his way out with a letter in his hand. 'Harry, can I use the map?'
Dean's mind raced as he made his way through the grounds. He'd tried to prepare himself for it, after all, Sherlock had correctly guessed that Cas had something other than wizard in him, but Dean was still reeling. 'Angels,' he muttered. 'Freaking angels.' He grabbed both his and Cas's bags and stopped off at the kitchens.
Moody was looking at him very intently, with both eyes. Meanwhile, John was wracked with shivers and his bones began to ache. His eyes flicked around for a feasible means of escape. He could just leave, like Castiel had.
John stiffened at the mention of Harry. It was becoming ever more difficult to remain in the vision.
John wasn't sure how long they just sat there, staring at each other, when he slowly lifted his hand, looked Sherlock dead in the eye, and began to tap on the tabletop between them:
John let out a bitter laugh at that. "There were signs, actually. But it's ... it doesn't matter if you don't want ... really I understand-"
He had been surprised to find that he was indeed nervous about the upcoming night. Surprised, as this was his night, his stag night, and he should be happy and in the mood for a party. Seeing as he would spend the night with his best friend and then go on to marry Mary, the love of his life, this should really be a night he looked forward to. But it wasn't. It wasn't because for some time now the thought of marrying the blonde nurse, the person he should love most in the world, made him sweat in doubt and uneasiness.
"Well you are very ... theoretically speaking you are ... you are considered to be a very ... attractive man ... generally speaking, I mean ... theoretically."
He took a deep breath and continued - much quieter: "This is about you always claiming that you're 'not gay' and then going on having girlfriends and proposing to Mary and wanting to marry her and THEN telling me ... ME ... that you ... love me? I had a plan! I planned it - everything. The wedding, I thought ... I though you ... and now you say you love me?"
It was truly perfect! It was the ideal way to speak about his feelings without actually speaking. After a few minutes he had re-learned and remembered everything about the code that he already knew from one of his cases. It was surprisingly easy for him and surprisingly efficient.
It was also early saturday morning, exactly one week after Sherlock had realized that he was deeply and utterly in love with his totally not gay flatmate who had moved in with him just a short time ago. All in all it was really rather inconvenient, especially after he had found out that he could no longer grasp a clear idea without the short, sandy haired man interrupting his every thought and reminding him that he existed (as if Sherlock could ever forget that) and that Sherlock had totally "fallen for him" as Molly had put it.
Sherlock stared at him, blinking rapidly, as often when he needed time to process something, and for a moment John feared he had gone to far.
"Look, I really don't have a problem if you put things in the fridge for an experiment or whatever it is you're doing with them, as long as they're not dangerous, but you promised me to store them in their
When John opened the door to the sitting room of 221B, he was confronted with a massive mess. Now, that alone was nothing new. He was acclimatised to Sherlock and his behaviors by now and couldn't help but feel like they where just a fixed part of him. Still, they had seemed to get worse as of lately, now that John wasn't around in the flat anymore and didn't clean up after the mad genius.
The words had left his mouth before he could stop them and maybe he should be glad that he was finally able to talk again. Instead, he found himself extremely tense and anxious as to how Sherlock would react. But the other man just shrugged in response and leant back a bit.
Soon after their conversation Sherlock threw John's coat at him, ran out of the flat and pulled him along. The Stag Night had begun.
And then Sherlock had returned, resurfaced from the dead and John had been standing there and had felt like drowning because how in the world could he have thought that this could work, him and Mary? How could he have thought that it would be enough, that Mary would be enough?
"Well, I get how we went to the pubs you marked on the ... the map", John continued and Sherlock gave him a small nod. "But when I asked you earlier you said that the file-" - he hiccuped - "was ... that it was part of the plan."
Now he couldn't stop grinning, feeling like the luckiest man on earth. And he was, he WAS, because Sherlock bloody Holmes was in love with him and that was all he really ever wanted.
"So ... about your plan tonight ...", he began, and a glimpse of nervousness flashed across Sherlock's beautiful features - reassuring John in a way - before he hid it perfectly.
He had just put down a fresh mug of coffee and a plate of sandwiches in front of the consulting detective - honestly, he needed to eat more - when he heard it again.
He couldn't believe it, it was impossible. He couldn't even be sure he was the one Sherlock was thinking about. What if he had just met someone really important and now the person was stuck in his head? It couldn't actually be
Then, all of a sudden: One short tap followed by a long one, then two short taps again. Stop. Three long taps. Stop. Finally three short taps and a long one and after a short pause another single tap.
So, out of nervousness and fond exasperation towards Sherlock's cleaning habits, he began to organise the papers on the table. There were a few experiment notes - something about different types of soil that seemed to be important - but then he stumbled across something unexpected. His birth certificate, to be exact. Well, he knew Sherlock had been trying to find out his middle name for some time now, so he just brushed it off as something Sherlock would do. He made a mental note to have a talk with him about privacy though. Stealing birth certificates was definitely a bit 'not good'.
"And a good morning to you too!", Sherlock replied sarcastically, smirking before he took a sip of the tea. It had grown colder by now but he found it still drinkable. John snorted unamused and Sherlock knew he was rolling his eyes at him behind his back.
Taking all his courage together he put on a smile that he hoped would come across as open and seductive as opposed to internally freaking out, and leant forward again. He slowly put his hand on Sherlock's knee for the second time that night. Trying to hide his anxiety and aiming for a flirty tone, he looked into his best friend's eyes. He could do this.
The relief felt incredible. Yes, John still had no idea but he had found a way to talk about it without using his words. He could finally think clearly again while absentmindedly tapping the three little words he felt for his best friend everywhere he could. It was amazing.
No, impossible! Why would Sherlock ever be interested in him? He was boring and broken and Sherlock was a beautiful genius, what could he want from him? And hadn't he been the one who said he wasn't interested in relationships right on their first case?
Sherlock made a noncommittal sound and went back to sulking before he spoke up again and asked John to pass him his computer. After he had called out three times and didn't get any answer back he began to worry and got up. He found a sticky note sticking on the coffee table next to him that read:
Molly had also promised not to tell anyone after the consulting detective had phoned her in the middle of the night, announcing that he was terribly in love with the one and only John Watson and that he had absolutely no idea what to do about it. After Molly had made sure that he was in fact not in danger - it was rare that he phoned her instead of texting and she didn't want to risk anything - and then proceeded to make some squealing sounds that could barely be described as human, she told him to just confess his love and ask John out on a date.
How was he supposed to work like this? He had to conduct some important experiments and Lestrade needed his help with a new and promising case and all he could think about was the image of a happy John, sitting across a smiling Jessica, a shining candle between them to make it more romantic because John was a hopeless romantic and that's what you do on a date and he had a
Sherlock looked confused so John went on. "The file of the ... the file with me on the ... as the ... man. The Vitruv- ... the ... Vitruvian Man. How was that important?"
Immediatly after he had said it he wanted to dig a hole into the ground and crawl into it and never come back but instead he just took another big swallow of his drink and watched as Sherlock blushed some more.
he remembered, though now he wished that he'd deleted it. It was just another sign of how totally straight and totally not interested in him John was. He had thought that after his rather dramatic break-up with Sarah after one of their first cases together, just about two weeks ago, John would take a break from dating for at least a little while. But apparently that was not the case.
Sherlock's gaze almost drilled a hole through him and all of the warm atmosphere that had been in the room just a minute ago, had vanished. But John kept on talking.
One time, when John had licked his lips to swipe away some cream from their dessert at Angelo's, he had even been brave enough to tap out a quick
In fact, he had dreaded the stag night in the days coming up to it like nothing else. This was offically the last step on his way to marrying Mary - or at least one of the very last ones. And he couldn't. He just couldn't stand it, knowing that he didn't love her like he was supposed to. And true it was: he didn't. It actually wasn't hard for him to admit that to himself. A part of him had always known, known that she wasn't what he needed. But it hadn't mattered anyway, had it? Sherlock had been dead and Mary had been there for him, loving him, helping him out of the dark pit he had fallen into.
Wait, what? He wanted ...? He wanted him ? Sherlock actually wanted him? John thought he might just explode.
Anytime!? Had Sherlock just answered his statement with 'anytime' or had John gone completely mad? He had had quite a fair share of alcohol, maybe he was beginning to imagine things; to hallucinate? First he had found his own head sticking to a picture of the Vitruvian Man and now this!? Surely that couldn't mean ...
A few minutes later a steaming cup of tea was placed down on the sofa table in front of Sherlock, who decided to simply ignore it. He still had to find a solution for his problem and the presence of John did little to help him stop thinking about him. Instead, he found himself thinking about him even more, analyzing every detail and trying to ignore the strange pull in his heart when he realized that John had made him tea because he was
Mary should be his first priority, the person he loved most, considering that he planned to marry her soon. But he had always known that that was not true. He still dreamed of Sherlock every night. He still jumped at every opportunity to follow him into the most dangerous of scenarios - follow him anywhere, honestly. And every time anew he felt bad when, after spending the day with his best friend, he suddenly realised that he had completely forgotten about Mary.
And he had been furious, god yes. So furios that he hadn't been able to stop himself from punching him. But at the same time he had never been so happy ever before because the love of his life had just come back from the dead. And that's what he was, wasn't he? Sherlock; he was the love of his life and all of a sudden John had known and it had all just been to much. Because that's what he had always been to him.
Exactly two hours later they found themselves back at 221B, sitting in their respective armchairs and both of them quite drunk. No, that was a lie. To say the truth, they were both rather heavily drunk.
Even so, where once there might have been a chance for them; their moment, their time ... now it had definitely passed. Because John had proposed to Mary and if there was one thing he had always been it was loyal.
"Actually ... no, I'm not sorry. I'm not sorry for loving you, Sherlock. I may be sorry for not telling you sooner, for ruining all of this-" - he made a vague hand gesture at the both of them - "but I'll never be ... never be sorry for loving you. And if you don't want-"
Of course, Mary still didn't know about his thoughts or his plan for tonight but he was sure she had already noticed and had her suspicions. He just hoped she wouldn't hate him for it though she probably would and he knew he deserved it for not realising it sooner. But now he had made his decicion and there was no going back.
But why morse code? Why would Sherlock need to tap something out in morse code? And why only recently? He told himself it was probably just some sort of experiment but he still remained curious. What was it again that Sherlock had begun knocking everywhere he went? John couldn't remember but he was sure he would hear it again soon and then he'd just had to be more attentive.
"That was ... ." Sherlock obviously didn't have an answer because he just stopped talking. John, trying to feel braver than he was, leant even further towards him and offered him a - as he hoped - flirty smile.
There was something warm blooming inside John's chest at the sentence and he couldn't keep it inside hinself for one second longer.
Reassured he felt himself relax. John had no idea. Smirking he spelled out the whole sentence. A strange feeling overflowed him when he realised that he had just confessed his love to John Watson ... and survived it. It felt like the whole world had changed though nothing happened. John didn't seem to take notice of his knocking.
It was the night of John's stag night but seeing that Sherlock had just dashed off with the excuse that he had to quickly check something at Barts. Sighing, John turned to the disarray of papers on the small wooden table. It couldn't hurt to clean it up a bit, seeing that Sherlock had done a lot for him over the last weeks - ever since he came back - and John felt better with something to do while passing the time anyway.
Once he had started he couldn't stop anymore. He began to tap on everything within reach and whenever he wanted to. Everytime John did something that reminded him of how much he loved him, which was practically always.
you won't be able to help Scotland Yard with their next case, Sherlock, because you'll be the damn corpse and I'll murder you so that they'll
He struggled to finish the sentence and tried to pull himself up in his chair instead. John had mercy on him and answered that he was indeed human. When he thought about it Sherlock was the most human person he had ever met, if he was honest. He wished he could just tell him that but he couldn't get the right words out. Suddenly he remembered his initial plan for the night. It was tonight, tonight that he would confess his love to Sherlock, no matter how it would go. He felt himself getting nervous again and took a big mouthful of his drink even though he was already more than drunk.
The ex-army doctor then went into his room once again before he came back down - fully dressed - and made his way into the kitchen where he turned on the kettle.
A while later he heard him rummaging around in the kitchen, opening the fridge and then a staggered intake of breath followed by an annoyed sigh. Sherlock supposed John had found the slaughtered pig he had put there yesterday for a very crucial case involving a serial killer, a farm, a stolen pig ... and the queen.
Then, about a week later, it suddenly hit him. He had just been standing under the shower, letting his thoughts wander when he remembered where exactly he knew the tapping noises from. The army, of course! He had learned it in the army!
Taking another sip from his glass John unfolded his legs so that he shifted forward in his seat until he was sitting at the very edge of it. Out of a sudden he found himself sliding off and instantly reached out for Sherlock's knee, bracing himself against it. Heat shot through him in waves as he found himself face to face with him, eyes just inches apart. Now. Now was the moment he had to tell him, right? He wanted to, he really did, but the words were stuck in his throat. He pushed himself back a little and shrugged, unsure of how he should react. Should he say something?
Well,  even a genius like him had to be wrong from time to time because John had very much noticed. At first, he had just thought it was one of his flatmate's quirks, some non-concerning method to help him think. It didn't sound much like a melody and Sherlock didn't appear nervous when drumming so John was pretty sure it wasn't some nervous fidgeting and Sherlock was probably aware of what he was doing. But then he noticed that the tapping seemed to increase day by day and that he couldn't remember hearing it in the weeks before and the suspicion that it was some kind of secret message - a language or something more than just small taps - grew and grew. It did not help that it somehow sounded strangely familiar.
Even Mycroft talked around it. He'd whisper, ''I'm here now'' in the darkness sometimes, after I was calmer, or he'd show me he'd care in his own strange, Mycroft way with hot beverages. Sometimes he'd even give me a hug. Stiff and awkward. Almost as bad as my own. But it was an attempt at expressing some sort of brotherly affection, and back when I was a child - I appreciated the effort. I'd even hold on, and press my body back to his and grab his pajamas between my fingers like he was a buoy, and I was drowning.
My eyes catch her hands. They are petite, like all of Molly. Her nails are glossy. Painted in the slightest pink. Like beach shells.
''Uh, sorry - I'm John,'' I start dumbly, while Yuri offers his hand in acceptance and gives a moderate shake. Not a soft grip (not tepid, Sherlock would say) but not forceful either (not in need of controlling everyone or taking control unduly, as Sherlock would then add).
I want my thoughts to be clear. I want to feel level-headed. To have a feeling in my gut mean something similar in my mind, and to know I am giving it the correct label to an experience as it unfolds.
Sherlock hesitates briefly, then responds with: ''For an individual who has not spent much time focused on studying human behaviour, I would say John is exceptionally good at reading people.''
His words are posed as statements, not questions, and yet I can hear nothing but an eternal question being raised.
''Is that what you think I'm doing?,'' he rushes quickly, his eyes dampened down with what I know realize is a dose of hurt.
''Stop it,'' he says again, calmer than before. ''Your throat is already bruised. Please stop, Sherlock.''
''That's not what I'm aiming for with you, with us! That you only be 'less afraid'? There should be no fear around sex - if that is ever something that we are going to do, and it doesn't have to be! But right now, until that fear is gone entirely-,'' and my chest is starchy with ache and sadness. That we are going to have this conversation, and that we are going to have it tonight.
Yuri's eyes flicker over my frame, and not appreciatively; I resist in pulling the blankets up over my torso more so.
Anyway – back to Yuri. What did he call it, exactly? Oh yes: a reconnection with the self; reconnecting how I feel physically with what I am doing in present time, and how I can improve my physical state with attentive “self-care.”
His lowest weight, out of the hospital, was just shy of 111 lbs. Close to 10 lbs lower than even I had expected, and it made me sick to contemplate how a man just under 6 ft 1 could exist in such a stretched out, under-nourished state.
Part of the preparation means that I cannot let myself get too caught up in my own joy or domestic contentment deliberately preceding an appointment. If I aim for equanimity then it must come with the pre-session downtime of being alone to compose my thoughts – to read or focus on case notes - and not entertaining my husband and laughing at his antics.
''In asking the question, the student destroys the robot. It might not have ever wanted to be alone, to be alone in the entire universe - but then it realizes that it's not, and that's even harder. Maybe even scarier. It's reality is destroyed. So it dies.''
I nod my head. I know this. Well, I don’t really agree with the “whatever we please” portion since I am limited from doing just about everything I please right now, though I understand the sentiment of what he is saying, and that’s enough.
''You don't really want to stop,'' I smiled at him between kisses, pressing the bulk of my weight into his too-lean body, until he collapsed against the sofa. He let my hand wander over the top of his jeans, slip underneath the denim band. He said nothing. Just closed his eyes, his breath harsh and quick and labored.
''What the hell?! Here I've felt like crap for days, Sherlock! Days! And you keep poking at me with a stick! 'How much can I rile John up?' Is it an experiment?''
''If I don't get it out now, it's going to come up later,'' he gasps out, still trying to get air into his lungs.
I try to wet my mouth again. Mycroft - discerning my issue - nudges the paper cup of vending machine coffee towards me, which I accept numbly.
I even start to make motion towards the macabre set of smiling bone when I hear the measured, if not calibrated voice of Mycroft swell back into the room. Sherlock once described his brother's voice as being 'marmalade and black smoke,' and at the time I had no idea what that even meant, but now that I consider it, I think I do. Mycroft is polite, almost old-fashioned in his precision and focus on manners, and yet put him a tough position where his stress is high and you won't see anger or fear or stress always play out on his face.
Author's notes: Life has been hard lately. And that's all I am going to write about it, but I want to thank everyone for their patience.
''I can't love you back. I can't even feel, inside, like-,'' and he pats his chest. I can sense his frustration and his urge to express feelings that are incredibly convoluted and potentially distorted by years of growing insecurity and breeding self-hatred.
John nods, but his eyes scour my frame. Probably trying to ascertain why I need a shower again after getting one so late last night.
After a few seconds, he whispers, ''But you've thought about it. Having sex, with me. I know you have.''
Sherlock turns inwards, pulling his feet closer to his core, tugging on his bathrobe until I can no longer see his wrists.
John's now sitting as rigidly as his friend, and I take another sip of my cola, debate momentarily how to answer.
Seemed to appreciate the fact that I was focusing on a normal situation, a normal byproduct of increased caffeine use in any person; any person on the planet would find it difficult to sleep deeply after drinking a caffeinated beverage so close to a time when they'd be getting ready for bed.
''I want you to be healthy, Sherlock. I want to help you get to a place where - when you are alone with those memories - your first impulse is to be kind to yourself. Show yourself love. Not make yourself sicker. Not add to the litany of cruelties your body has already been forced to endure since you were practically a baby.''
''And the haloperidol was overseen by several attending physicians. So it's likely that's accurate too, wouldn't you say?''
I look across my bed, and look at the mound of sheets and blankets creating craters and ridges. Like being on Mars. And I, Sherlock Sherrinford Holmes, am a great explorer. An astronaut. I have come to help the Martians. To make a peace treaty.
When I look back to my home – our home – I see that Sherlock has already slipped inside and has disappeared from view.
''No you're not! Damn it Sherlock, you look... I know something is wrong. Please, please let me know what's going on.''
''He helped me put things in perspective. He helped me realize some things about you, and about me. Maybe more me than you, but maybe-''
''Yes, I will take both of those. The first one...Com Hen?,'' I test, knowing I'm probably bastardizing the pronunciation, ''can I get with scallions?''
I flush everything away multiple times as I go, then check the toilet and surrounding area for sick. I moisten some toilet paper with water from the sink, then wipe down the outside of the toilet, the rim of the lid, and the floor. I spurt a little Lysol into the air, then meander on over to the shower, where I turn the water from ice-cold to warm. My legs and arms are shaking when I finally submerge my entire body under the spray, and I scrub at my teeth aggressively.
''I beg to differ. Perhaps we have different definitions as to what constitutes getting sick, but-''
I moved in, nipped at the side of his ear, brought my body over his lap, and moved against his frame. Felt him gasp, hands flushed against the seat of my sofa. Immobile.
Donovan still looks spooked and I make my way back with her to the waiting room where she's resting.
''Yes - I know that,'' he gets out, but his eyes are alight with mischief. I suddenly feel like giggling.
Yet, how do I turn something on in my being that someone else has slowly annihilated over many years? Effectively, how do I flick on the switch? It’s not like there is a manual here for what to do, even if I trusted that his ideas could have merit. I will admit that sometimes I feel something edging close to the surface of my awareness. It edges closer – like a flock of birds settling along a telephone wire. But whenever I try to let myself just feel the sensation - the moment I try to examine the feelings in a way to have them feel real – they fly away. They move on, to safer territory. To a place that isn’t thrumming with live-wire scalding currents.
''I don't want to start you off with too much, Sherlock. Your stomach has undoubtedly shrunken, and I know you might not even be able to finish what I've made. I thought if the amounts were similar, that would be the most normal. Would feel the most natural and maybe, because of that, be easier for you.''
Yuri's eyes catch my line of sight, and he shifts slightly from where he has now taken residence (which is a single person sized mustard yellow sitting chair).
''You're sick,'' he says in pain. I ignore the pleading in his voice and take another sip of coffee. ''Remember that?''
''I do too,'' he attempts awkwardly, his body tense under my hand. ''I know it doesn't seem like it, but I want to show you that I can. Properly.''
''Internal lacerations. They had partially healed, so there was no need for stitches. They gave him an anesthetic. A sedative.''
"The next day, he was pale - anemic looking, almost. He wouldn't look me in the eye, and I could tell he had cried a fair deal since I had spoken to him, because his eyes were extremely swollen. I tried to make light of the situation by that point, and decided to keep him home from school. It didn't seem to help his mood, and he refused to eat his breakfast, and then later on, his lunch. When I came home for our evening meal, he was back in his room, sitting in his cabinet, like he used to do as a child. He refused to eat the food I brought up for him, although he did sip at water. The following morning, when he refused his meals again, I realized we had a bit of a problem on our hands."
"The hall closet had a lock, so it was ideal. Because mummy never hit. She did, however, think it was a dirty thing. And it was."
I slow my pace, and he overtakes me by half a block before he realizes that I've paused. Rushes back, eyes downcast. Same tentative expression.
For example, he did not take a position as investigator under a well established and respected organization, even though he works with Scotland Yard. He still maintained that distance, and holds onto the comfort in being his own boss.
He gives me a tight smile, which is atypical for him. An expected expression of civility and order, and a thought - barren and tepid - rings through my head: 'he's trying to convince you that he's fine. Don't let him.'
''S'all fine?,'' Sherlock mumbles, and the bone-weary fatigue that he must have been experiencing is readily apparent. He's almost asleep, despite this departure in how we are acting, and living, and interacting with one another.
To those who inquired: no, the story is not ending at Chapter 31 (obviously. We have a ways to go, yet).
It may be blunt, but then again - I am a blunt person. I don't know how to be like John. Even Sally is good with kids. But I'm not. I'm direct, even confrontational. Because to me they aren't just 'kids' - they are smaller adults. Which John would argue isn't accurate at all, but I can't help how I feel about children. Maybe I see them as less idiotic, more open minded, and typically more genuine - but essentially, I don't care more or less about them than I would anyone else just because they are small.
''Bruno likes almost everyone, I think,'' Sherlock says quickly, as if trying to assure me that the cat's vested interest in him is not personal. That had I arrived at the flat first, Bruno would have shown an equal interest in my presence.
The very idea that he'd use an entire day - or longer than that, possibly - to gauge when he should eat had seemed so strange.
"I don't understand. Your parents were married, were they not? And it hardly matters if they weren't, but-"
''It's okay, Sherlock. We're fine now, we are-,'' and my belly is jolting around and I feel tremulous and scared, but also - not.
This chapter will deal with John's residual anger (not only anger, but sadness too) over Sherlock's most recent activities and his self-harm. It will deal with Sherlock coming home from the hospital, and his concerns over a recently released Toby.
I can tell he's not quite willing to make the connection between the tiny child that was so badly hurt then and the emaciated adult still hurting, now.
"Is there something Mycroft could have told me, about you not waking easily - that would cause me to be concerned?"
''My throat hurts,'' he responds a moment later, still whispering - and my hand comes up, presses against his forehead. ''Hard to swallow. M'sick maybe?''
''I never said you were psychotic, Sherlock. But I don't understand what you mean by listening to thoughts - because I don't know what's happening to you. All I know is that I want to help.''
''Ok,'' Donovan says hurriedly, trying to bring order to the scene. Sherlock, with his bleeding gut. Sherlock, who vomited copious amounts of blood and stomach acid and clung to her hand in fear on the ride to the hospital. Sherlock - who seems almost frail and unnaturally thin, wrapped a little too tightly in his silk robe and pajamas, which only makes him look all the more gaunt: pajamas that slide over his meager form like water, highlighting and accentuating his recent weight loss, and the bones projecting from his shoulders, the ridge of his spine protruding when he bends over. ''We'll ensure that Toby is kept at home. No access to anyone else. Just his mother and father. No school - he can temporarily have his books and assignments sent home, and Mrs. Thiessen doesn't work, so Toby won't have to be placed in the care of anyone else. And we will try to determine who may have had consistent access to him. Okay?''
Author's notes: I will be trying to write 500 to 1000 words a day. I generally get into a certain momentum when writing and I don't like to have the momentum disrupted, otherwise I notice that my writing suffers for it. The flow of the story is impacted.
“I don’t know if I could really kill him. Maybe not, but-,” the sound cuts off into something like a cry. “I wanted him to love me. Even after. Even after, and-,” I hear the choked sound of strangled hiccoughed laughter so incongruous with his overall mood that I simply study him, keeping my alarm in check.
If I fully connected to the weight of the betrayal, it would lash out in my guts just as a physical wound. And I was never the recipient of abuse of such a heinous nature.
''I can bring mine up here too, if you'd like. Or would you prefer to eat alone?,'' John trails off awkwardly.
''Sex,'' I take a deep breath, ''will always take a back seat to us. Us means you and me, together. It's a commitment to honor what we both need so we can be emotionally healthy together; it's not about what one of us needs so that they alone can have physical pleasure.''
Marnie is quickly learning not to take my briskness personally, and responds cleanly. ''I think so. Ok. It's Sherrinford. Number is 44 20 7224 3688? Call at earliest convenience?''
''Well, basically. I gave you the abbreviated format, Sherlock,'' John admits, still in low tones, still looking at the table.
A second later I hear a shuddery breath and a congested wheeze, followed by the unmistakable sound of a person vomiting.
''John?,'' and Lestrade's voice is suddenly at my back, my neck. A pace away from my ear. Gentle and kind and nothing if not the voice of a friend.
Our mother used to play this game every time Harry came home way too late at 15, 16 years of age. Came home smelling like alcohol and sex, only to vomit her guts out all night in the bathroom. My father used to play this game after he'd lose his temper and belt me, and act surprised when I couldn't sit down at the dinner table the next night without wincing.
I was just mad. You just kept pushing my buttons - and I was mad - and I just wanted to get you to listen for once.
''Oh please. As if that's what's happening, anyway.'' His head lolls to the side in fatigue. ''I just have a stomach problem,'' he says more sedately, incorrectly believing his troubles with me have now passed. ''I've even been in clinic for it. And the stress you are causing isn't helping.''
''No, it doesn't sound unfair. I imagine therapy has got to be one of the least fun things there is... But you realize you can like a person, and not like the situation that leads you to need that person, right? I mean, I might like my dentist, as far as personality goes. Doesn't mean I want to spend a second longer than necessary in a chair getting cavities filled.''
''It couldn't be anything too recent. He was looked over briefly for signs of assault when they admitted him. Mind you it was cursory - not internal -''
The more he cares, the more I am going to hurt him. Perhaps not intentionally, but hurt him all the same.
I can tell based on the tension in his hands, his neck and his face - that he's actually been worried about me.
''What were you trying to imply then? Truthfully? That he scared you? That you thought he might hurt you?!''
Me at present: 144 lbs at 5 ft 6. Also trying so damnably hard, but in a different way, under a different strain, with different fears.
I nod and open my eyes to look at the space explorer. He's not from my space fleet. In fact, I think he's a rouge Martian come to take me prisoner, and not a human being at all. That's why I can't breathe his oxygen. He's taken me hostage. He must have taken me hostage. So I must do as he tells me to do until my space fleet comes for me. Until then, I must absolutely not question the Martian, or he might hurt me worser. I must do what the Martian tells me to do.
“I’m asking you how to know what fear feels like! When it’s tangled up with everything else, and when everything you suspect you know about life was memorized from a dictionary. I have memorized the word, but as soon as I think I feel it – then just as assuredly I think I rather feel-”
For a second I feel as if I am in a parallel universe. Because this discussion is the antithesis to a typical Sherlockian conversation. But when I look up and over to my friend, he's watching me with pursed lips. I see his tongue come out and wet his bottom lip in anxiety.
''No,'' he barks out, and then forces his face into his palms. His fingertips grip his skull so intensely that they turn white. ''That's just the thing. I don't.''
''I don't think Victor knows the first thing about how respectful relationships really work then, Sherlock. He certainly doesn't feel close to how I feel,'' I say crisply, needing to know that Sherlock will realize that I am not angry with him for posing the question. ''I would maintain that Victor and I see these things very differently. Never mind how to handle this subject with someone who has already suffered through hell,'' I grit out, and see Sherlock bite his lip. The action is so unlike Sherlock -that timidity in a man who at first seemed strangely boastful and over-confident when I first met him - that even his timidity is upsetting me now.
John looks startled then, and stops writing. I see his cheeks colour slightly, and distantly recall some of our previous conversations. His own confusion as to his sexual orientation. Potentially, he stated.
And truly, without legally removing the standing of competence - without sectioning him and removing his legal status as someone competent enough to make his own decisions - how does anyone (a friend or a therapist, or anyone else) proceed?
Typically, self-harm is linked to a multitude of conditions: everything from psychosis, to extreme depression and suicidal ideation to dissociation - but in cases of otherwise functional adults who are self-harming in secret, self-harm is invariably more revealing. They get a measure of comfort from the activity, in some form. It's not generally a physical comfort, but it is sometimes addressed as being ''emotionally comforting.''
''I hadn't been able-,'' and he stops and takes a big breath, fresh tears wetting his eyes. So he shuts them, ''I had forgotten how I tried to rationalize it.''
I tighten my robe around my waist, and let my vision fixate on the mantle, and the skull. Take in the outline of its form. Internally recite its fused bones and plates. Stare into the forever hollow orbs where eyes - bright and quick and alert - would have once resided. Then I rapidly attempt my exit. I can see it in my mind: race to the stairs, race to my room, close the door, place my dresser in front of the door, for the lock has been dismantled.
I snort, my teeth cutting into my lip because I can't help but find such a vocalization to be anything other than hilarious.
''You know what my plan was. With everything, and the food, and even with the work,'' he says hurriedly. Wanting me to know the details but not wanting to have to extrapolate.
He's seen...stuff. I don't even know if I can recall everything he's likely seen. The scale is gone, undoubtedly. John's likely picked up everything, opened up boxes, looked inside. I try to tell myself that it's okay. Okay, because it's John and he's proven his loyalty to me.
I might have been trained to detach emotionally during interactions with patients, but I’m only human and the situation is still tough to consider even for one with professional training.
I throw the glass paper weight across the floor. It - remarkably - doesn't smash. It just hits the fireplace with a terribly loud sound.
''You're gaining weight, yeah? Okay,'' I breathe out, then look back to his eyes. ''You look like you've dropped weight since I last saw you, Sherlock.''
And when he steps forward, I step back and away from him quickly, shutting my eyes against the onslaught that I suspect is coming. In fact, without realizing it, I pull my hands up and over my head and flinch into the wall - my body going rigid.
Toby looks back up at me faster now, his teeth making deeper indentations into his bottom lip. His face is scrunched up by the request.
''Oh, he was feeling rather weak. I cannot possibly fathom why, of course. I suggested that he rest in his room until your arrival. Everyone agreed it was for the best.''
It's Christmas, and I'm still seven. And Mycroft has to go back to school tomorrow, so I'm trying not to cry.
''You aren't a sociopath, and you aren't selfish, and you are not heartless. I'm so - I'm so fucking sorry, love. I was furious with the situation - that little kids are hurt like this, that we have this time to maybe make it right, but we can't always do that, and that they die without knowing that they mattered to anyone-''
In total, the process takes over a half hour, and my chest is heaving from the physical exertion when I am done.
''I'm getting a shower,'' I say, now standing next to the door, shivering away. ''I still need to rinse off.''
''I am thirsty,'' and he turns to his side, tucking his knees up until his body seems even further compressed. ''Is Lestrade upset?,'' he asks quickly in a rapid departure from our previous discussion.
''Mrs. Thiesen wants him to be there. When they...you know,'' I reveal quickly, feeling like we're both close to truths we're not ready to deal with this morning.
Sherlock seems unrepentant. Wholly disinterested in the subject at hand, and it's making my anger even worse.
It is terribly hard to get that admittance that they actually need help and to do that - need to change.
''In the French language they say, essentially, that someone ''has hunger.'' They do not say that they are hungry, as we do in English. Even though hunger is a sensation and what we are is, essentially, sensating beings. That always made me a little antsy. I didn't want to be hunger or be fullness. I wanted none of it. I wanted it gone. I wanted all of those sensations to go away, and I still want them to go away. Do you see?''
If only I could convince him of his strength. That he's done nothing wrong in calling me, or wanting me to call John.
When I am done, I debate flushing the toilet, not knowing if the noise will wake John up, and not wanting to do so. I eventually decide to just flush and remain silent for a minute or so afterwards, trying to determine if I can hear him shuffling.
''Don't you see?,'' Sherlock hisses, ''He seemed...guilty. He gave me every sign of actually being guilty, but he didn't hurt his son.''
''There's nothing wrong with my weight,'' I manage to get out, while he seemingly nods in distraction.
Hell - his whole identity is probably linked to those sick events. His sense of self, of where he fits in, whether or not he accepts the label of freak, his reluctance - no, his downright mockery - of even the construct of sexual relationships.
''Sherlock,'' he starts weakly. ''Food isn't...it's not the same thing as sex. You cannot compare the two.''
I give a hesitant nod, because the tension in the room right now is so thick it's almost unbearable.
''I have four,'' she explains, ''but I might only have three by the end of the night. I think Bruno has taken an extreme liking to Sherlock.''
Toby looks up, studies me as best as he can. Part of me wonders if he remembers anything about that night. About how I picked him up, his eyes spasming in his small skull as if he were having a seizure. The animal-like scream in his throat as he pushed at me. John's shouting in the background for an ambulance. For the ''goddamn paramedics!''
Yuri's mouth purses and he bites his lip momentarily. It's such an open human expression that I find myself a little more at ease for that reason alone.
''Nothing I say is going to make it easier for you to want to do this. There is no wanting to do this. There is just needing to do this. Do you see? If he's internally bleeding, or even if he's dealing with injuries that haven't been treated properly - he could get an infection or he could get a fever. He could get sepsis. We don't even know how badly he's hurt yet. To ignore his injuries would be irresponsible at best.''
''I thought you wanted to get a bath,'' I offer easily, taking a bite of boiled potato before dabbing the rest of it in cream sauce.
I have to give him credit, though; he's fairly adept at pretending he isn't looking, even when he is...
After that, I learned to bite my tongue, and didn't say anything when Sherlock started eating dozens of pickles, sliced into long, thin lines that he would dip into salsa, or grey poupon mustard.  Or when he started bringing home miso paste mix and making himself pots and pots of miso soup, cutting up celery and adding it to the watery concoction. He'd even douse the soup (if you could call it a soup) with hot sauce and soy sauce when he was done - something else I found odd.
I don't comment on the oddity of his actions, merely take two rolls and then help myself to a ladle to serve myself some clam chowder.
He blinks, placing my words, placing the admission of the time and the subject. I see his mouth shut tight and he nods slightly.
In all honesty, I haven't slept much since Sherlock returned from the hospital. Part of that was severe anxiety over if I could afford to sleep - if I could afford to let my 'guard' down.
This demon that controls his ability to eat and his desire to even want to eat. To care about his physical health, and potentially - to even care about his continued existence.
He nods again, and I feel a bit of the fight leave him. A good sign; it means he's connecting to the story. Connecting to my experiences and not feeling so bizarre or strange or wrong in the process.
Sherlock crosses his arms over his frame now. A classic defensive maneuver. One I'm sure he's quite aware of normally but which has presently escaped his notice.
But love? I honestly don't think anyone's ever said that word to me. Not in relation to me. Maybe about someone else. Maybe in the generic ''peace and love to you this holiday season.'' Molly's Christmas cards, maybe.
''I was on Mars. And I got attacked. A Martian took my clothes off. Put a knife in my body. I was bleeding to death. I asked the Martian not to kill me. The Martian laughed at me. Told me he was loving me, not killing me.''
A tendril of something like newfound anxiety uncoils in my belly. I'm not dating Sarah anymore, and I don't want her to get the wrong idea. And yet males and females can be friends. They can hang out. I've always believed this. It shouldn't be this complicated.
I am white and numb and cold and unreal, and John is red and pink and alive. John is pulsing and real. More so than anyone else I have ever known.
''I highly doubt you have these talks with your other prospective partners,'' he says - voice clipped, shamed, and yet hesitant. As if he hadn't meant to vocalize this idea at all.
It would have been so dark. The city lights would have glowed eerily in the darkness, across the rippled stream.
I had taken the can of San Pellegrino, cracked the tab, watched the sugary water foam up in carbonated spurts. Fought the need to wipe my eyes, which were hot and throbbing.
''Victor,'' he pat my hand, looked up at me tiredly, as I moved in closer to him. ''You scare me sometimes. This scares me, I mean. Sometimes, I think everything scares me.''
''What are we trying to take away from you, Sherlock? What is it that you think you will lose if you stop doing this to yourself?''
Reversing shape, even. Going from the concave to the convex. Not terribly convex at that – but it’s there when it wasn’t there before - this slight swell to accommodate, as John has reminded me almost every other day, everything that needs to be contained in that portion of my body. Swelling with food, and water, and accommodating my organs.
''Can I have a tissue, please?,'' I ask quickly, not meeting her eyes, and refusing to answer her previous question.
''No you don't!,'' I hiss, just as angry now. ''You don't get to hurt yourself like this and expect people who care about you to stand around and do nothing! Friendship doesn't work that way!''
My feet burn against the icy pavement, and I remember this fact: that coldness, at first, can often feel like a biting heat.
Still, I feel stung by John's words. Scared by his passion. The look in his eyes. And his distrust, of me.
"I remember that my pajamas were wet," he says slowly. "There was a full moon, and I became a ghost. And it was blue."
The Martian likes to play games with me sometimes. I shouldn't have come back to Mars without Mycroft. He's the only space explorer I know I can trust. He always keeps me safe when he's near. He brings me Ovaltine, and I drink it when I'm cold. He picks me up and holds me. He tells me what to do to keep me safe. 'Stick by me, Sherlock. Stay by me tonight.' That's what Mycroft says.
I dry off quickly, my skin prickling in the cooler air of bathroom. The mirrors are foggy, and I find I don't mind that. I don't honestly like looking at my naked form as I get changed.
Quickly, almost as if stung by a wasp, I pull my hand back when my inner dialogue catches up with my physical actions.
He had curly black ringlets and hazel eyes. He looked like a child of the renaissance era. Face too pale and eyes too bright. Severe demeanor, at least from what I could infer from his class photos.
'You're not little,' the Martian replies firmly, and his voice is like ice. 'How old did you turn today, my love?'
I mean - it's Sherlock. I know what he's like. I know that half the stuff that comes out of his mouth is bullshit. Not the accuracy of his comments - but the tone, the irritation.
When I get to the lowest level, I extricate myself from the confined space and walk, tentatively, towards the morgue. If I can catch Molly before she leaves - and she almost always works late on Fridays - then I can possibly get some tea, sit down. Maybe even get her to give me those ears that she promised me last time. Or even just diseased tissues. She sometimes lets me have some of the remains for my experiments, if I am polite.
I play at being annoyed, sometimes. I'm not actually annoyed, but I don't want him skipping out on yet another appointment. Not when I know he needs this. He needs someone who he can talk to about this stuff. Someone that isn't me.
''And it wasn't the only bad time for him, John. I have never really known a person to be so badly addicted to any such substance and still - in some manner of speaking - be able to retain their ability to work, to think and focus - all simultaneously. His mind kept working on problems and cases, even as his body started to collapse in on itself.''
I see it a few seconds later and then return the previous contents and the other materials back to my desk.
''Sherrinford,'' I correct. ''No G. I am fairly confident he will remember me. My mobile number is 44 20 7224 3688. Do you have it?''
Instead of a child being incapacitated and wounded, it would be the victimizer forced to face terror with the understanding that no one would step in. That no one would help or offer salvation.
Molly nods at his words - looking flustered, while I stand at the entrance that divides her living room from her kitchen, immobile.
I hadn't thought it was anything indicating disorder, however; in such a short period of time Sherlock had already displayed so many peculiarities, and at that early association - what was one more?
''He didn't say anything vocally, Ma'am - but from the sheets and his interactions he indicated that he's in pain. Internally. He'll need to be re-examined.''
''When was he brought in?,'' she specifies a bit more kindly. She must wonder what sort of horrible atrocity would cause a doctor to go to pieces like this.
And a weird thought, now. One that should be more unsettling than it is: what would he have done if I hadn't pulled back?
His bed was rather messy, with sheets and blankets and pajamas all mucked up, and he indicated that I should take to an Eames chair situated off in the corner of the room (which I did).
But something sick and recoiling in my belly doesn't want to go that route. Not right now. I guess I know that there is another aspect of pain, renewed, that I don't know anything about. Something that's brought Sherlock back to this horrible place to begin with, and I need to be certain I am also in a strong place emotionally when I ask what those triggers were.
''He was scared,'' she says softly, almost with a look of incomprehension. ''I've never seen him look like that before. Not once in all the years I've known him. I didn't think he could get scared.''
At five in the morning I awake suddenly, my heart pulsing in my mouth. I sit up abruptly and realize my body feels damp.
''Why did you leave them?,'' he repeats the question yet again. It seems my previous explanation was too vague for him and I shake my head, needing to dispel my anger that so many people have betrayed him.
My body moves on auto-pilot. Up and away from John. Floating, high - high on endorphins. High on the knowledge that I got everything up, even the Sprite.
So now I wonder, in part, if perhaps Sherlock hasn't also sought out positions and work where he is the ultimate boss of his own initiatives (unconsciously, perhaps) as a way for him to test the worth of an association or a friendship. To determine the authenticity of any given relationship.
''Good. I like holding you. But I think maybe we should get you cleaned up now, okay? You'll feel better. Hot steam to clear your head.''
Sherlock's grey eyes bob about the room as if trying to select an item for study, but not finding anything engaging enough to hold his attention.
''So Harry sometimes just...well, she'd take me along to her friends. We often would sleep in the basements of her friends' houses. It was just easier that way.''
Which previously was what I thought Mycroft referred to as 'Sherlock is feeling melancholic and might want to use.' Now I'm wondering if the reasons behind a danger night, for Sherlock, include overt and serious self-harm. Not just drug use. Until I remember that according to Mycroft, Sherlock had attempted suicide at the age of 13.
''I guess,'' I say faintly. ''Yes, nice. Sex is nice. Which is probably the least descriptive word to describe what sex feels like. What a silly word...nice. But it's sex, and it feels...I guess - God Sherlock,'' I hiss, feeling exposed but also, oddly - not. ''It's not conflated to love. Not in my mind. Love, to me, is distinct. It always has been. In that physical way, sex can - I don't know - aid? Maybe aid the emotional intensity that makes it a partnership? But without love, Sherlock, it doesn't hold me. I'd just end up feeling lonely, then. Just like you probably do. And then sex actually makes the loneliness worse, in a way. Because you are with someone but not really with them. Not deeply. So I have felt alone, you know - even in a sexual relationship. Sometimes if there is no real bond and it's just...god, I don't know what I am saying. I'm very bad at talking about this kind of stuff.''
If I could – if I thought it would serve him and give him the elusive sense of safety that he’s craving – I’d merely play along.
Patrick works for a tech company and I’m lucky insofar that his schedule often dovetails my own. Given my long office hours Monday through Friday, my sessions with Sherlock extended on Tuesday evenings at my home and then again on Saturday mornings, and my volunteer work with three round-table support therapy groups on Sunday - we generally wouldn’t have much time for each other if he worked late into the evenings.
''I don't think you've overcome your past, Sherlock. Not at all. I think it still scares you, and I don't think you can be certain how you feel about others until you get over what happened to you.''
Sherlock moves towards the scale, and steps on carefully. As if he doesn't want to add too much of his body to the scale too quickly.
''Those are photos of a case I was asked to consult on. After Adam died, his parents created a fund in his memory and made these images publicly accessible. They wanted to raise awareness about his condition. These images are from their own website on recognizing suicidal ideation in adolescents.''
Since I had moved in with Sherlock, quietude was not something which I ever really thought about. Sherlock wasn't exceptionally loud, but he was always bustling. Always playing his violin, or working on an experiment, or clacking away on his - or more likely my own - laptop. He lived a completely unapologetic life, neither subdued nor even seemingly aware of my own sleep rituals, my own propensity towards introversion. He'd get up, trundle down the stairs, make noise, even yell at the tellie.
''I don't know why you don't just leave! JUST LEAVE! Go!,'' Sherlock exclaims imperiously, his face screwed up.
I've done so many things terribly, horrifically wrong for so long. I cannot grasp why he'd lie to me about my failures.
I stop eating cereal abruptly, rapidly needing salt, so I take the near empty salad bowl and pour almost the entire content of the Ragu sauce into the bowl. I open up 6 slices of plastic wrapped cheese and break the pieces up. Throw them into the bowl. Top with salt, pepper, hot sauce. Top with parmesan. Top with soggy bits of buttered garlic bread.
''I don't think I can eat soup,'' I admit. ''Not really. I think I'll be sick. I think it might come up. I think I might have to make it come up if you force me to eat anything. If anyone does.''
Sherlock pulled off his remnant clothing - socks - before he let the fleece blanket fall to the bathroom floor. He crossed his arms over his torso - his movements oddly shy.
"Let it go," I finally get out, looking at my lap. "Whatever he has told you. I don't need to know. He is stubborn beyond all measure, and I don't want to hear his exaggerations about how I was never able to cope, how damaged I was - how worried he is about me."
And right now, as I press my arms around him - it's with a clamorous sort of need that doesn't exist in extraordinarily happy people.
''I believe that a spectrum exists to suicidality, just as there might be a spectrum to everything in life. As a psychiatrist, we speak of spectrums and bell curves when discussing intelligence, when discussing matters relating to introversion and extroversion, when discussing PDD disorders. We know that even sexual expression itself frequently exists in a layered and fluid dynamic. That most of what we see in therapy sessions is not going to present in discrete, binary displays.''
“How would you kill your father, Sherlock?,” I ask in even tones - no doubt that this is the person he is referencing and aware that if I am wrong on this point he will correct my misunderstanding quickly.
"He'd bring me milk and sometimes after everyone else had gone to bed, he'd come into my room. He'd help me change into new clothes. He'd sleep with me," he suddenly flushes a deep red. "You know what I mean. Not in a bad way."
To point out that he shouldn't - really, really shouldn't - have coffee would likely just bring more attention to the fact that he was ill.
''Play nice,'' I command. ''You are in clinic for ignoring some very serious symptoms. Some people could argue that you brought this on yourself,'' I add tersely.
"Of course I did," Mycroft replies tersely. "In as few words as possible actually, as the subject was highly distressing to him. Through his crying, I came to learn that he had suffered from a rather vicious nightmare before the event itself. He also did not learn of what had occurred until he had gotten up to use the washroom. That additional component only increased his shame, I believe. After a few short exchanges, all I could ascertain for certain was that he felt disgusting - which he told me in very caustic terms which I do not want to repeat out of privacy for my brother. He also explained in a rather disturbing moment of hysteria of how he might possibly damage his lower body - with a knife - to keep such an event from occurring in the future."
''He's not going to side with you, Mycroft. He's my friend, and he's going to side with me. Especially since you're being a prick to him, as of current.''
Because he's not doing it to protect my so-called emotional sensitivities. He and I both know that I do not have anything close to emotional sensitivities.
''Then why do you need to see a nutritionist? It sounds like you know what vitamins to take. Everything is in order, right?''
I can visit websites about eating disorders (and I have. A multitude of them). I can read journal articles, things in JAMA and The Lancet and books by psychotherapists. Perhaps it's even helping me to formulate my plan for him.
''He's probably going to...,'' and I trial off, not even certain what I was about to say, so I look at the flowers sadly, my fingertips touching one glossy petal with care. ''These are beautiful. Thank you.''
For all the raw and horrible truths we've faced in the last few months, his demeanor now seems almost cold. Impersonal – as if he's trying to create a wall, for the sole purpose of keeping me at bay.
I'm quickly starting to realize that the combativeness I had observed from Sherlock when he was in the clinic is nothing unusual.
''Not for you?,'' I queried gently while I pushed against his knees. He spread his legs open without argument, his eyes owlish and huge.
I open my eyes, and stare at the coffee table, splayed with the hateful books. A new impulse, then: to kick them off and onto the floor.
In a rush of horrible understanding I pull back - ashamed of my trespassing for a completely different reason now, yet equally calmed by something even more resoundingly clear: Yuri knows what I'm going through.
And then something grabs my attention and I scour my sight back to the first few photos. Study the photographs in more fervent inspection.
''People say that, John. People lie. Then they cheat and go away and just...it's lies. Look at your girlfriends,'' he bites out. Yet he looks miserable - not angry.
''Alright,'' he mutters after a pause, the heat of earlier displaced somewhat into this; whatever 'this' is.
He takes a few seconds longer cleanly writing out Toby. He writes it as "toby." All lowercase. The text is abnormally small and the writing is heavy, with the lines almost tearing at the page. I try not to frown at the reveal.
But it didn't *seem* that way. He truly seemed nonchalant in his outwards manner that I felt as if I had stumbled across the path of an alien. Of someone so different in their very psychological composition that I couldn't help but wonder if the assertions of others were true.
''No,'' Yuri takes a sip of water. Puts the now-empty bottle on his table. ''Not at all. I just don't want to play mind games with Sherlock. He's going to have to want to change. He's going to have to want to be in therapy to get better. Otherwise, I'm wasting his time, and he's wasting mine. And that's what I told him.''
I frown at the display, not really understanding. 122.4 lbs? That's way too low for a person edging towards 6 ft 1.
''Yet you've gotten nowhere with me,'' he jumps up from his bed, arms strangling his sides. ''Not physically. So how can you say you love me? You've never had me like that - like you have had with your girlfriends, and you didn't even love them.''
''It's elevated,'' she says simply, a moment later, ''a little too fast, and a little too thready for my tastes.''
I see John's body sit up straighter on the sofa, as he responds with conviction: ''You're absolutely right that's not an accurate assessment,'' and then, ''Sherlock - we've been over this repeatedly. You are exceptional in so many ways, but you cannot operate on nothing. No one can.''
"I would sit in the closet until I dried off. Sometimes for hours. I'd sit with the sheets and it would itch, and it would smell. I would know how dirty and disgusting I was. But it didn't stop it from happening."
"This is not about what I WANT, John!", Sherlock screamed and went silent immideatly after his outburst.
And yet, John couldn't keep himself from hoping that Sherlock had indeed referred to him. That he didn't need to hide behind those meaningless dates he went on anymore, that he could finally say what he really felt because he wasn't alone.
So you see, admitting that he didn't love her like he had tried to tell himself was easy. Admitting that he actually loved Sherlock - now that was something totally different. But nevertheless he couldn't push it away any longer. Because after months of telling himself how much he loved her, he had finally felt real, intense and breathtakingly wonderful love again and it was when he had stared into the not at all dead eyes of his best friend.
Now John had to laugh. Maybe his chances were better than he had thought? It certainly seemed so but with Sherlock Holmes you could never know.
He had just moved away a few maps with routes marked on them that looked fairly disjointed to him, when he found a file with a picture of the Vitruvian Man clipped to it. Or rather a picture with John's own face sticked onto the Vitruvian Man, to be completely exact. That was indeed strange.
"Actually, I CAN! And I do ... I have thought about this ... a lot. And I know what I feel, Sherlock! I know what I want. And if you ... if that isn't what you ... then that's fine, Sherlock. Completely fine. Because you'll always be my best friend, if you want that and-"
"Yes ... yes, of course. Please ... go on." He made a waving gesture with his hand and leant back in his seat.
Still, he needed to find a way to free his mind from the constant thoughts that would better fit the protagonist of one of those cheesy and - in his opinion - extremely tasteless teenie-novels than the famous detective Sherlock Holmes.
There, he had said it again. He had said it and he had meant it and Sherlock had heard him and John thought he might suffer from a panic attack any minute now.
His sudden intake of breath together with the fact that he'd all but collapsed onto the chair across from Sherlock after hearing him make a bloody love confession in front of him must have piqued  the dark haired man's interest because John suddenly found himself staring into his best friend's beautiful eyes. A love confession!
Dolly was sitting in her tank. She had been quiet since they had returned home, croaking mournfully.
His books returned to him, then he repaired them, so they looked as though nothing had happened. He gingerly opened his bag and levitated the books inside it. He then levitated the bag itself and put his arms through the straps. ‘I’m fine,’ he said.
‘When we told Mr Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight’s events,’ Snape said in a low voice, ‘he seemed to feel his personal safety was in question. He insisted on summoning a Dementor to accompany him into the castle.’
‘You-Know-Who and his followers sent the Dark Mark into the air whenever they killed,’ Mr Weasley explained. ‘The terror it inspired, you have no idea. Just picture coming home, finding the Dark Mark hovering over your house and knowing what you’re about to find inside… Everyone’s worst fear… the very worst…’
‘There is bad wizards about!’ Winky squeaked, her voice echoing in John’s ears. ‘People high – high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!’ Then she disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought the force that was restraining her.
Anthony nodded. ‘All right, let’s give it a go. I say we go back to lessons if it doesn’t work out, though.’
Dean seemed not to have noticed anything, however, and talked to John excitedly as they continued on to Gryffindor Tower.
The ground vanished beneath them, and they all sped forwards in a rush of wind and swirl of colours, until their feet hit solid ground again in the gloomy basement kitchen of number twelve Grimmauld Place.
‘You can never keep any secrets in Hogwarts. You can try, but it’ll always come out in the end. So is that right about your visions?’
At the sight of it, John suddenly took in a sharp breath as he was suddenly bombarded by hundreds of names and faces flashing before his eyes. Completely caught by surprise, John was unable to fight it off, and could only wait until it was over. Though it felt like it had taken several minutes, when he came out of it, it appeared to have only been a few seconds. He was grateful, too, that everyone was so focused on Dumbledore, and the only people that had noticed anything were Hermione, Neville and Sherlock, who all gave him concerned looks.
Dean knelt next to him and looked around, spotting the pile of logs next to the fireplace. 'Okay, see those logs?' he said. 'Can you break them up and move them into the fire? Maybe it'll help relieve the pressure.'
‘Because, first of all, you’re way too good, and second of all, they made it safer this year. They had to, otherwise Dumbledore would have never allowed it.’
‘Obviously,’ Harry frowned. ‘But then Dumbledore came down and I brought him to the Forest, which is when we found you two and Krum.’
Moody’s magical eye spun to stare at Ron, and after a moment, he smiled. ‘You’ll be Arthur Weasley’s son, eh?’ Moody said. ‘Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago… yeah, I’m just staying the one year. Special favour to Dumbledore… one year, and then back to my quiet retirement.’ He gave a harsh laugh and clapped his hands together. ‘So – straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry, I’m supposed to teach you counter-curses and leave it at that. I’m not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you’re in the sixth year. You’re not supposed to be old enough to deal with it ‘til then. But Professor Dumbledore’s got a higher opinion of your nerves. He reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you’re up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you’ve never seen? A wizard who’s about to put an illegal curse on you isn’t going to tell you what he’s about to do. He’s not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Brown, while I’m talking.’
Cas curled up against the arm of one of the sofas before the fire. Dean warmed himself up in front of it before sitting next to Cas. He conjured a mug and some steaming hot chocolate and passed it to Cas.
‘I’m sorry, are you trained in healing?’ Dean said, heat rising in his face. ‘Cas is under Madam Pomfrey’s care, and it’s up to her, not you, what help Cas does or doesn’t need. Now, if you’ll excuse us, we’re late for class.’
‘That foul, lying, twisting old gargoyle!’ stormed Hermione at lunch, stabbing at the food on her plate. ‘You see what she’s up to? It’s her thing about half-breeds all over again.’
‘I’d be more surprised if they weren’t,’ Sherlock said, catching up with them on his way to Herbology.
But he had vanished. Then Hermione gave a horrified gasp and leapt to her feet, staring at the fire.
Cas’s eyes fell on him. ‘Wrong fireplace,’ he mumbled. He fell forward and Dean caught him, one hand pressed to his chest.
John ground his teeth and took a step forward, feeling quite queasy once again, but Sherlock grabbed his elbow.
'Then I need to send a message to him,' said Dumbledore. 'All those that can be persuaded of the truth must be notified immediately, and Arthur is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as short-sighted as Cornelius.'
Dean looked down at the freezing, dark water lapping at the wooden posts. ‘Yeah, I guess it is. You don’t have to put your feet in it though.’
‘For disrupting my class with pointless interruptions,’ Umbridge said smoothly. ‘I am here to teach you Ministry-approved methods that do not include inviting students to give their opinions on matters about which they understand very little.Your previous teachers in this subject may have allowed you more licence, but as none of them - with the possible exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have restricted himself to age-appropriate subjects - would have passed a Ministry inspection-’
‘The boy must face consequences for his actions,’ a high, girlish voice said. It came from the woman whose face was still hidden in shadow, and everything flashed pink for a moment when John heard it.
Dean smiled widely. ‘Yeah, sure I am.’ Dean picked up the book again, and felt himself blush when he noticed that Cas was gazing fondly at him as he read. He continued until he could hear students thundering through the corridors, indicating that lessons had finished for the day.
‘It’s all right for you, you’ve got citizenship. They’re stuck with you. I was all set to go to Ilvermorny. I had the uniform and everything, but then my dad decided I was coming here.’
John burst into derisive laughter and shook his head. 'That's funny,' he said to her. He then walked away, forcing the others to follow him into the Three Broomsticks, where she wouldn't possibly be able to hear what they were saying, packed as it was by Hogwarts students.
‘Where did you get this?’ Madam Pomfrey said desperately. ‘No one’s been able to make an anti-venom, are you sure it’s real?’
‘My Lord, it makes sense,’ said Wormtail, sounding thoroughly relieved, ‘laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected- ‘
‘Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You would not be here if you had anywhere else to go. How am I to survive without you, when I need feeding every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini?’
‘That’ll be Cas,’ said Dean, stuffing a sandwich in his mouth. ‘I’ll go get him.’ Dean wiped his hands on his jeans and sauntered down the hall, but when he pulled open the door, he was greeted by the sales witch from Magical Menagerie.
Cedric Diggory was an extremely handsome boy in his seventh year. He was captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team.
John left him and hurried after the other Gryffindors, reaching them just as they opened the portrait hole. A crackling fire was warming the common room. Hermione cast the merrily dancing flames a dark look, and muttered ‘
Karkaroff was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but his white hair was short, and his goatee did not entirely hide his weak chin.
Zacharias flushed. ‘Well, we’ve all turned up to learn from him and now he’s telling us he can’t really do any of it,’ he said.
Dean was preoccupied by thoughts of his encounter with a Demon for much of the weekend, but, as always, Cas found a way to focus his attention. The last burst of autumn sunshine persisted, so they sat outside with their homework, instead of hunching over a table in the library. Cas brought his cauldron with him and coaxed Dean into teaching him some more, but found he still had a block about some ingredients, and the fire. Dean gently helped him move past his frustration and he completed his first fifth-year potion almost perfectly. His smile at his success was enough to put Dean in a good mood for the rest of the day, and he went to bed on Sunday night feeling upbeat and ready to help Harry teach.
Slowly, the rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and louder, and erupted into screams of delight as they realised what happened.
‘Not necessarily,’ said Hermione. ‘Look at Castiel. None of his siblings have been in the same house. And Parvati Patil’s twin is in Ravenclaw.’
'That's the most stupid thing I've ever heard, including all the stuff Luna Lovegood comes out with,' said Ron.
The people on board disembarked and walked up the lawns, all of them wearing bulky cloaks of shaggy, matted fur. However, the man leading them up to the castle was different, wearing fur that was sleek and silver, like his hair.
‘Yeah,’ Dean breathed. ‘Yeah, of course it is. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.’ Dean gently lifted up one of Cas’s hands and kissed it lightly. ‘How’s that?’
John was ashen, lying limply on the sofa, staring into the crystal ball that he was barely able to hold up.
Dean was up at dawn, careful not to wake Sam, and hurried down to the hospital wing, still in his pajamas. Cas was still asleep. He would have looked peaceful if he weren’t so ghostly pale, with a bloodstain spreading across his chest. Dean glanced around. Madam Pomfrey was nowhere to be seen. He debated whether or not he should wake Cas to give him the potion that was sitting on his bedside table, but he needn’t have worried. As soon as he sat down next to the bed, Cas jolted awake with a gasp, then a groan, rubbing his chest.
Dean walked a lap of the lake, getting his fill of fresh air for the day. He knew that he and Cas would be spending most of their time in the library, so he wanted to have at least a glimpse of nature before they were shut up between the dusty shelves. When he was finished with his walk, he grabbed some toast from the Great Hall and climbed back up the stairs to collect his books. He opened his mouth when he reached the Fat Lady, but the portrait opened and Cas stumbled out. He too pushed past Dean and hurried down the stairs.
They turned and saw Draco Malfoy alone, leaning against a tree, looking completely relaxed. ‘Hadn’t you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn’t want
‘Don’t worry, Ma’am, I won’t let them do anything too dangerous,’ he said to appease her, flashing a charming smile. ‘You two have looked better,’ he added, catching sight of John and Sherlock’s exhausted faces.
When he got out into the Entrance Hall, he found Harry, Ron and Hermione reading a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase.
John almost wished they could stay within the quiet depths of the Forest, rather than face the chaos inside the school grounds, especially since a little of his nausea had returned. He put the thought to the back of his mind and reluctantly exited the treeline, feeling more and more apprehensive the closer he climbed to the common room.
It was icy cold, like falling into a dark whirlpool, but he didn’t hit the stone floor as he had expected. Instead, he found himself sitting on a bench in the corner of the room he had just been observing.
‘No, it’s not that. I still want to do it.’ Cas hesitated. ‘I dreamed about Gabriel last night. Everything was reminding me of him this morning, and I got afraid that something happened to him.’ Cas looked away, embarrassed.
John screamed, throwing himself out of bed and stumbling towards Fudge. 'He's back! I saw him. I saw all of them!'
John sucked in a sharp breath and wished more than anything he could tell Frank to run as fast as he could.
The kitchen was already packed with Hermione and every single Weasley, including a couple of extras it seemed.
They reached the edge of the Forest and Cas whirled around to face him. 'Why else would Gabriel leave?'
The effect was instantaneous. John fell asleep, relatively painlessly, and he was stable without Sherlock's help. As soon as he was asleep, Sherlock sighed in relief and then abruptly passed out himself.
'No,' said Dumbledore, his voice full of a bitterness they had never heard before, 'they are insane. They are both in St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I believe Neville visits them, with his grandmother, during the holidays. They do not recognise him.'
John’s stomach sank at the mention of Mars, and the constellation Sagittarius flashed through his head.
Trelawney’s room ended up being the warmest in the castle, so they were more than willing to put up with her dramatic predictions in order to sit in her classroom comfortably.
Cho sat down near Ron, and everyone else gathered around excitedly, pulling chairs with them. Once they were all seated and watching Harry expectantly, Hermione cleared her throat.
The dungeon dissolved again. When it returned, they were still sitting beside Dumbledore and Crouch, but the atmosphere could not have been more different. There was total silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a frail, wispy-looking witch in the seat next to Mr Crouch.
‘So!’ said Dumbledore, smiling around at them all. ‘Now that we are all fed and watered, I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices.
‘Oh, no. With stuff like – where there are stronger feelings – it’s really hard to tell what’s going on.’
‘I wouldn’t hesitate in thinking that he’s cast some sort of spell on her, to bind her to him, or something like that. Normal snakes aren’t obedient at all.’
Dean scratched his arm, full of unease that extended through his lessons the next day. He didn’t even bother to try focusing, knowing it was no use when Cas still hadn’t returned to school. He was back to pacing in front of the fire by the next evening, ignoring his homework. Harry had gone to his Occlumency lesson with Snape, but the rest of them were sitting around the common room.
‘We can practice in pairs,’ Dean continued. ‘We’ll start with the Impediment Jinx for ten minutes, then we’ll get the cushions out and do Stunning again.’
Around mid-morning, Sherlock shushed John, straightening. ‘What’s that?’ he said. The sound got louder.
‘No, of course not,’ Dean said softly. ‘He can’t be mad at you for not knowing where she is if he doesn’t know either.’
‘I know it’s hard,’ said Sirius, his voice calm but firm. ‘We’ve all got to act as though we don’t know anything yet. We’ve got to stay put, at least until we hear from your mother, all right?’
‘Okay, how about this one?’ Sam swapped the letter and John winced as the optimism was suddenly replaced by an overwhelming rage.
John was caught by surprise at her name, and dropped his cup of tea as her screams again echoed around his head. He muttered angrily under his breath and waited for it to pass. Fortunately it didn’t last as long this time. When he came out of it, Mrs Weasley had already cleaned up his tea, and Hermione and Percy were having a heated argument.
John nodded and lay down again, closing his eyes, relaxing as Sherlock brushed the hair from his face.
The storm had blown itself out overnight, but the sky was still gloomy. They all examined their new timetables at breakfast.
Dean kissed Cas’s head, then hurried off to collect his and Cas’s bags and robes. He let himself into Ravenclaw Tower, but froze when he found Sherlock sitting on Cas’s bed, Cas’s things scattered around him.
said the wizard called Phineas, eyeing the wand, ‘though he may well have destroyed my picture by now, he’s done away with most of the family-’
There was no need for Professor McGonagall to finish. The Dementor had administered its kiss and sucked out Barty Crouch's soul.
‘Of course.’ Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the door. ‘What about Molly?’ she asked, pausing at the door.
Dean had long since finished his dinner, while Cas had barely touched his, slowly eating small mouthfuls. 'Is that all you're gonna eat, mashed potatoes?'
And he was right. For a second time, Lynch hit the ground with tremendous force, and was immediately stampeded by a horde of angry Veela.
‘Why were you asking if Hedwig had come?’ Hermione asked after a moment’s silence. ‘Are you expecting a letter?’
He was no worse for wear by the time he slept it off, and went back to being deeply amused by Professor Trelawney by their next Divination lesson. She gave Harry and Ron top marks for their homework and read out long excerpts, commending them for their acceptance of the horrors in store for them. John was slightly put out when he received low marks for his own work, but was distracted when he saw the Sagittarius constellation on the ceiling again. He hadn’t had a chance to visit the centaurs yet, since he and the other fourth-years had been getting noticeably more homework in preparation for their O.W.Ls. Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. The Blast-Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace, considering that no one had yet discovered what they ate. Hagrid was delighted and, as part of their ‘project’, suggested that they come down to his hut on alternate evenings to observe the Skrewts, and make notes on their extraordinary behaviour.
‘Gabriel said someone turned Cas into a lizard once, and get this, he was stuck like it for a week.’
‘I wanted to see how you were progressing, but this block of yours is troubling. Does it affect anything else that you’ve noticed?’
Half way down the corridor was a fountain. A group of golden statues, larger than life-size, stood in the middle of a circular pool. Tallest of them all was a noble-looking wizard with his wand pointed straight up in the air. Grouped around him were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin and a house-elf. The last three were looking adoringly up at the witch and wizard. Glittering jets of water were flying from the ends of their wands, the point of the centaur’s arrow, the tip of the goblin’s hat and each of the house-elf’s ears.
They let themselves get swept up into the crowd going back to the campsite. Once they entered the woods, John began to feel a creeping sense of unease, the same he had been feeling about the World Cup for weeks. He tried to look further to see the cause, but was still only able to see darkness with a few flickering lights and odd shape, until someone in the crowd shoved past him and snapped him out of it completely, not hanging around long enough to hear his muttered profanity directed at them.
‘Harry dropped it in the stadium, so whoever it was must have picked it up there,’ Sherlock told them.
'Yeah, well, apparently I am a complete nutcase,' John fumed, getting to his feet. He threw down the paper in disgust and turned to leave.
But none of the other Ministry wizards seemed it remotely likely that any of them had conjured the skull. On the contrary, at Hermione’s words, they had raised their wands and were pointing in the direction she had indicated.
Cas looked up at him.  'I need your help,' Cas admitted. 'Gabriel is supposed to help me, and I can't-' A sob cut him off and the air shimmered as Cas glowed in front of him. Cas put a hand over his mouth. 'I can't make it stop.'
‘Right here.’ Dean passed him a goblet and he carefully sipped it, wincing as the movement jostled his wounds.
‘Yes!’ said Karkaroff. ‘There was Travers - he helped murder the McKinnons! Mulciber - he specialised in the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do horrific things! Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed He Who Must Not Be Named useful information from inside the Ministry itself!’
‘But Travers and Mulciber, we have,’ said Mr Crouch. ‘Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide - ‘
‘Well, Dean and I know this Seer. Her name’s Pamela, and when we met her, she told Dean he would fall in love with someone with blue eyes, isn’t that right, Dean?’
Dumbledore didn’t answer. He threw some green powder onto the fire and stepped into it. ‘The Burrow!’ he said, and disappeared.
'Very well,' said Umbridge, making a note, 'you will receive the results of your inspection in ten days' time.'
They all sat down around the living room and waited. Bill went outside to look out for the others. John struggled to stay awake in his chair, Charlie and Percy were talking quietly in one corner and Fred and George were messing around, trying to cheer Ginny up. Sam, however, was too unsettled to sit still, so he walked around browsing Sherlock’s books instead.
But they were already gone, so John continued on to the Great Hall. It took him a few moments, but half way down the hall, he noticed that sniggers and whispers were all being directed at him.
‘I’ve told Mr Crouch I’ll have it done by Tuesday,’ Percy said pompously. ‘That’s a bit sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. I think he’ll be grateful I’ve done it in good time. I mean, it is extremely busy in our department just now, what with all the arrangements for the World Cup. We’re just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman-‘
‘Well, time’s ticking on,’ said Fred briskly, getting to his feet. ‘George, Lee and I have got items of a sensitive nature to purchase, we’ll be seeing you all later.’
We've got to do something about what a dreadful teacher she is. We're not learning any Defence from her at all.'
The walls of the Hall had been covered in sparkling silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. The house tables had vanished; instead there were about a hundred smaller, lantern-lit ones, each seating about a dozen people.
If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that anyone else has disappeared. You will do it quietly, and without fuss; I only wish that I could do it myself, but in my present condition… come, Wormtail, one more obstacle removed and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I am not asking you to do it alone. By that time, my
'Champions over here, please!’ Professor McGonagall called, waving them over to one side of the Hall. Her robes were tartan red, and an ugly wreath wrapped around the brim of her hat.
‘I want to see Mr Weasley and I want to see the hospital for myself,’ John insisted. ‘I’ll be fine.’
‘Imagining things, am I?’ growled Moody. ‘Seeing things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy’s name in that Goblet…’
Madam Pomfrey had cleaned the sheets and dressed Cas’s wounds, though they were already bleeding through the bandages, and she had adjusted the bed so Cas was resting upright. She pulled a screen around them as soon as Dean had sat down, arranged some potions on the table beside him and lit a candle.
They began walking further down the alley, but John stopped outside Magical Menagerie. ‘They’ll have owl treats in here, right?’ he said. ‘Closer than Eeylops.’
‘Yes. It seems that your assessment of the Skrewts as murder lobsters was quite accurate. I tried to pick one up, and it was not pleased.’
Dean nodded. ‘That’s good.’ He took his seat next to the bed again, stroking the back of Cas’s hand while he slept. He noticed that, while still horribly pale, some colour had begun to return to Cas’s lips and cheeks.
Dean bit his lip. Cas’s voice soothed him, and Cas’s amazingly blue eyes watched him expectantly. ‘Okay, okay…’ Dean looked down at his feet. ‘Cas, I really like you. God, I sound like such a dork, but I really want you to go out with me.’ Dean cleared his throat. ‘
‘I figured out how to alter the charms,’ Cas said, a note of pride entering his voice. ‘They’re not prescription, they’re just plain glass, but you can read anything with these, without having to wait for me to put the charms on the book.’
Sherlock shrugged. ‘It’s not a conscious decision most of the time. I’d describe it as being like listening but with your mind.’
'Still am sometimes,' Dean admitted. 'So yeah, that's what my dreams are about. I was just thinking of pulling a Harry and Ron, and just writing a bunch of crap in this thing.'
Suddenly, John couldn’t breathe. Crippling fear, pain and anger came in waves, from everyone who had ever seen it or ever would. He collapsed to his knees and wrapped his arms around himself. Screams and crying filled his ears, a hundred times worse than any of the times he’d seen Bertha Jorkins. Hundreds of faces of all ages flashed before his eyes. He whimpered and felt a hand grip his shoulder.
‘Rookwood?’ said Mr Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment. ‘Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?’
‘Yes it is,’ Sherlock insisted. ‘I’m not like you, I’m not good with people, my moral compass has much to be desired-’
‘I don’t know, Ron, maybe if you think about it for a minute, it’ll come to you,’ said Sherlock, rolling his eyes.
Dean stopped John again on their way to lunch to ask if Cas was back yet. John shook his head no, so Dean grabbed as much food as he could carry before hurrying down to the Whomping Willow.
‘Mr Crouch?’ Percy said excitedly. ‘He speaks over two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll…’
‘Fine,’ said Sherlock. ‘Maybe we can’t see what happened with the Goblet, but we can prove it wasn’t Harry.’
‘Right,’ said Hermione, looking relieved that something had at last been settled. ‘Well, then, the next question is how often we do it. I really don’t think there’s any point in meeting less than once a week-’
Sherlock could feel the pain and fear mounting on John and gripped his hand tightly. 'Shh,' he whispered. 'Calm yourself.'
The reception area was pleasantly festive; holly hung in every doorway; and shining white Christmas trees covered in magical snow and icicles sat in every corner, each one topped with a gleaming gold star.
Bottles flew out of the kitchen and skidded along the table, stopping neatly in front of each of them.
Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, followed by Lee, howling with laughter, and Dean, who decided to go and visit Cas.
Everyone quickly sorted themselves into pairs. Neville ended up with Harry, and Cas looked thoroughly relieved to be paired with Dean.
‘I need you to visit your other portrait again, Phineas,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I’ve got another message.’
‘Not at all,’ George said. ‘Ours usually have our own personal flair. We want everyone to know it was us.’
All of John’s things were still in the room, right down to the curtains that had been taken from John’s bedroom and the fort that Sherlock had built them. John crawled into the fort, and Sherlock came after him, and he cried softly, curled up against Sherlock’s chest, until he fell asleep.
Much to Sherlock’s dismay, John forced himself down to breakfast the next morning. His voice was still all but gone, but he was determined to get himself through the day.
Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames, but instead of emerging in neighbouring pictures, neither reappeared. One frame now contained nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain, the other a handsome leather chair.
Sherlock then led John to one of the bedrooms. ‘This one’s yours,’ he said. ‘Try to get some sleep. I’ll wake you when Bill, Charlie and Percy arrive.’
The girl smiled. ‘She’s my auntie,’ she said. ‘I’m Susan Bones. She told me about your hearing. So - is it really true? You make a stag Patronus?’
It was late, pitch black outside but for the street lights, and John stared out of his window into the darkness. There was magic nearby. He slowly stood up, his bare feet touching the floor without a sound. He focused in on the magic, and gasped as he saw the white masks of three Death Eaters. They drew out a map, and one of them pointed at his house on it.
He gratefully followed it as well he could, only faltering a few times, until the common room slowly came back into view. He gasped, shaking and sweating. Sherlock was holding his hand, and Castiel was kneeling in front of him. He slumped back in his seat, heart racing. ‘W-what’s happening to me?’
The room was empty but for Bill, Fred and George at their own table, laughing at Mr Weasley’s exploits.
'Yes, I do,' said Hermione, in a clear, carrying voice. 'Mr Slinkhard doesn't like jinxes, does he? But I think they can be very useful when they're used defensively.'
They still spent a lot of time in the library too, and they were there when Hermione finally worked up the courage to bring it up.
So, here we are! Nearly six years in the making, and we finally made. Thanks to all of you that have stuck with me so far, and I hope you stick around! See you all again next time!
‘Oh yes,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a couple the other day for Apparating without a license. It’s not easy, Appirition, and when it’s not done properly it can lead to nasty complications. This couple I’m talking about went and splinched themselves.’
'I suppose so,' Cas sighed, slowing as they approached a garden plot nearby Hagrid's house. 'Gabriel planted this with me,' Cas muttered, brushing the leaves of a small apple tree.
Gabriel hesitated. ‘Someone once turned him into a lizard and did something very similar to that,’ he told Sam, nodding at the ferret that Moody was still bouncing around. ‘Then he was stuck as a lizard for about a week until we figured out how to change him back. He wouldn’t talk to anyone for months after that.’
Dean spent the run up to Christmas helping Sirius transform the house until it was almost unrecognisable, hung with holly, tinsel and baubles. It kept his hands busy and his thoughts away from Cas, for the most part, until Lupin finally returned on Christmas Eve.
A familiar, but uncomfortable fluttering in John’s stomach made him squirm and chew his lip. He looked down at Sherlock, acutely aware of how well his hair framed his face, and took a deep breath. ‘Sherlock?’ he murmured.
John jumped, then silently berated himself for forgetting about the magical properties of Moody’s eye.
'Hey, guys,' he said warmly to the House-elves. 'Me and a friend are planning a long day of studying, so we won't have time to come get lunch. I don't suppose you could-' He didn't even finish his sentence before the elves were packing bags of food for him. 'You guys are the best,' he grinned, levitating the bags.
It was a fairly small classroom, and all of the furniture had been pushed to the back of the room, except for one long, velvet covered table in the middle of the room.
‘For the first and last time in your life, Weasley.’ Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway, accompanied by Crabbe and Goyle. Evidently the conversation through the compartment door, which Seamus had left ajar.
'That will do,' she said and silence fell immediately. 'Mr Finnigan, kindly come here and hand back the homework - Miss Brown, please take this box of mice - don't be silly, girl, they won't hurt you - and hand one to each student -'
Without waiting for an answer, she strolled into the room. ‘Get away,’ she snapped, waving her handbag at Fang, who had bounded up to her and was attempting to lick her face.
penalties for Ireland!' shouted Bagman, and the Bulgarian crowd howled in anger. 'Vulkov and Vulchanov had better get back on their brooms… yes… there they go… and Troy takes the Quaffle…'
‘You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail. I will need feeding in the night. The journey has tired me greatly.’
Mrs Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere between a shriek and a snarl. Bill muttered something about getting a cup of tea for himself and Fred and George leapt up to accompany him, grinning.
‘Lots of homework?’ said Hermione brightly, catching up with them. ‘Professor Vector didn’t give us any at all.’
As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of thunder overhead. Hermione bundled Crookshanks in her cloak, and they left the train, heads bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. The rain was coming thick and so fast it felt as though buckets of ice-cold water were being emptied repeatedly over their heads.
John gave Fred and George a meaningful look. They were confused for a second, then excitedly pulled money from their pockets.
Cas's fists clenched and unclenched over and over as they walked, but propelled himself forwards. The sounds of music and people laughing went through him, but when he reached the doors, no one so much as looked in his direction.
‘You’ve got burns on your hand,’ said John, suddenly spotting some fresh, shiny burns on the back of Sherlock’s hand.
All he could hear was his and his mother’s breathing, then both of them froze as they heard the front door open. One of them went upstairs, and the other two walked slowly along the hallway.
‘I know you lot fancy yourselves investigators, but there’s nothing you can do for Crouch now. The Ministry’ll be looking for him now, and you should be keeping your minds on the third task. Should be right up your street, this one,’ Moody said, scratching his stubbly chin. ‘From what Dumbledore said, you’ve managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the Philosopher’s Stone in your first year, didn’t you?’
Sherlock was too agitated by this to remain seated and scrambled over to John, ignoring all the stares and hissed commands from the Prefects. The teachers watched him go, but couldn’t stop him either. Dean shuffled over to make room for him next to John.
They hurried over, noticing three sets of footprints leading ahead of them. Once at the door, however, Cas let go of Dean’s hand and gave him a regretful look.
‘Probably woulda done if they’d bin in any condition,’ said Hagrid, ‘but they was badly hurt, all three o’ them; Golgomath’s lot had beaten them unconscious; they’d woken up an’ crawled inter the nearest shelter they could find. Anyway, one o’ them had a bit of English, an’ he translated fer the others, an what we had ter say didn’ seem ter go down too badly. So we kep’ goin’ back, visitin’ the wounded… I reckon we had abou’ six or seven o’ them convinced at one poin’.’
Cas struggled all the way down to the Entrance Hall. 'I can't make it stop,' he gasped, stumbling again once they were outside.
‘Then the Dark Mark…’ It rattled around in his head for a moment, and he again saw flashes of Harry and Cedric in the graveyard before gaining control again.
Cas thought about it, looking around to make sure no one was listening. 'I- I like that I can use it to help you.'
‘Actually, a lot of them wrote to me first,’ Sam said enthusiastically. ‘And I knew a few from Pamela. Lots of them know about you too.’
Most of the front page was dedicated to a picture of Harry. John began to read the article underneath, but Dean said, 'No, not that,' and turned the paper to another page headed:
‘We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if he hasn’t discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime,’ Karkaroff said loudly. ‘Apparently, he is now teaching his students to fear assassination, too. An odd quality in a Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but I’m sure you had your reasons.’
Sherlock did as instructed and guided John over to the hospital wing, where he sat in daze until he fell asleep with Sherlock beside him.
‘Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts, and - most particularly - guests,’ he said, beaming around at the foreign students. ‘I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable.’
‘Yeah, thanks,’ said John, taking back his hand. He left with Harry and Ron, trying to ignore both the fluttering sensation in his stomach and the tingling where Sherlock’s skin had met his.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to hhhellcat and Sam_the_Skald for the comments! See you again soon :)
‘Dumbledore told me about you. He reckons you’re quite powerful. More powerful than any he’s ever seen.’
Moody went back to his desk and looked around at them all. ‘Not nice,’ he said calmly. ‘Not pleasant. And there’s no counter-curse. There’s no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he’s sitting right in front of me.’
The portrait hole closed, but Dean waited behind it with bated breath. Finally, he heard a gentle knock from the Fat Lady, and he shot back out again. ‘Thanks,’ he called to the Fat Lady, and sprinted almost all the way back to the bronze door knocker concealing Ravenclaw Tower. He knocked on the door, and the knocker said, ‘The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?’
‘Okay.’ He let Cas walk away, then made his way up to History of Magic, just in time to catch the last few minutes of Professor Binns’ droning lecture.
The lightning had illuminated the man’s face. It looked as though it had been carved out of weathered wood by someone who had only the vaguest idea of what human faces were supposed to look like. Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of nose was missing. But it was the man’s that made him frightening.
It’s not purely the shock of John’s suggestion that causes a shiver to crawl down his spine, but also the dark pools of the man’s pupils, large caverns so tempting that Sherlock would agree to almost anything. They remind him of the enticing possibility that had been there at Baker Street – only here, in this room, they’re allowed to explore it, closed off in this entirely different world, away from prying eyes and any sense of normality.
“How is he?” The detective asks, looking tired but slightly more refreshed than the other men in the room.
John looks at him because that’s what they do, in these situations - in all - they look and take each other wordlessly; and how Sherlock functioned before this, before these eyes meeting his own, he does not know.
Water cascading in rivets down his back, Sherlock traces his fingers over the ghost of John’s on his ribcage. He bites his lip and wraps a hand around himself, thinking of that brief but sure grip on his waist, and the man sat in his kitchen shoving toast into his mouth. When he comes, Sherlock has to press his forehead against the tile, screwing his eyes shut until tiny stars prickle in the darkness.
And there’s nowhere to hide from this blunt desire. He won’t blame it on adrenaline or anger or some kind of sick revenge for the deceit of his wife, because he’d be lying to himself and what exactly is the point of that? John’s here to escape, here because he wants Sherlock and he always has, and somehow they’ve grown so far apart that he can barely remember the smell of Sherlock’s sweat and he should - god damn, he should.
- such a brutal connection between the celestial and himself. They haven’t talked about it enough, yet, for the unfounded -
“Sherlock,” John hisses, chest still constricted by Sherlock’s grip around him. “What in the hell are you doing?”
John manages it though, squeezes his palm behind his back and turns it with his tongue in Sherlock’s mouth.
“Don’t worry brother, I know where the wine cellar is” Sherlock says, already marching out of the room, heels clicking on the shiny floor. “Tour starts this way, John!”
“I suppose you’ve noticed Sherlock’s absence” Mycroft still has one eye on Rosie, eyes slightly wide as if he expects her to jump up at any moment.
“Much,” Sherlock confirms, taking a sip of his own drink (which is apparently eighty percent sugar). “I haven’t spotted our friend yet”
When they finally reach the staircase, they find a single candle lit ominously at the top of the bannister, signalling the way to their rooms. Wind whistles through from the large front door, making the old oak creak and strain a little. They glance at each other, Mycroft’s rather extravagant house suddenly becoming slightly more akin to a haunted mansion.
There never seems to be an opportune moment to ask about Eurus. John’s not certain Sherlock even expects him to. Now would be a good time, yet he can’t quite form the words in his mouth. That way there be monsters, and though more than a year has passed, John still can’t quite open that door. Those paths lead to the version of himself that nearly broke them apart completely, and he’s not yet made peace with that particular demon.
Eyes crawl down John’s frame as Sherlock moves out of the way, hums as if he doesn’t give a shit if John uses the entire bottle. With anyone else he might feel uneasy, but John matches the gaze turned his way while he steps back under the hot stream of water. Uses both hands to scrape the hair from his face and watches Sherlock looking – rolling his lips together in consideration, taking in every detail, slowly, as if he may never get another chance.
“I think we just broke several laws” John says, turning to face Sherlock, whose blush is evident even in the sparse light.
He could be forgiven for completely forgetting about their imminent rescue, but the pair will indeed be on the way by now. Sherlock rolls his eyes and groans, reluctantly reaching for his trousers in a pile at the bottom of the bed. John tosses his red silk shirt over from the floor, pulling on his jeans with a grin Sherlock finds himself reflecting.
Maybe he’s psychic, then, because Sherlock’s body stops and his head snaps round as if he’s forgotten where he is, and that John is in fact still breathing, still waiting -
The remains of his self-control are fading away like flaking paint in front of him. If Sherlock were to push his tongue past John’s teeth, it would undo all the stitches they have been weaving between them. Replace those thin threads with something needy and unsightly, a grotesque version of what could be beautiful, given half a chance. Neither of them deserves that. As much as they want it - John
The hunger he sees consuming John’s face makes Sherlock tremble. To be fervently wanted in such a brazen way makes him moan again, both apprehensive and desperate for whatever is coming next. John kisses him deep and slow, with a care Sherlock cannot put words to. With the basic coordination he can manage, Sherlock pushes himself up into a half-seated position, back slumped against the satin pillows. Then his wrists are being guided upwards, John slipping his left hand first into the metal restraint, followed by the right, pressing kisses to his mouth in between.
Sherlock's face squishes up into something tormented as soon as the words leave my mouth. It happens quickly, and he jolts against his headboard as if shocked by something electric - hot and searing.
I want to cradle my skull against my palms and weep. But not with Mycroft sitting less than two feet away from me.
''I was so devastated when I saw that little kid, Sherlock - it tore a hole in me, to see him. He looked so much like you, and I got attached - in my head. Okay? I know I said some pretty unfair things, but I never meant-''
"I didn't do anything wrong," his voice is soft when he speaks again. Not quite a whisper, but soft. Something about it seems almost dangerous.
Because if I had a child, and they were afraid - really afraid - and I couldn't do anything directly, wouldn't I do everything I could to help? Even if I had to rely on someone else - wouldn't I act with speed and focus to douse that fear with as committed a resolution as possible?
She doesn't look shocked, just strokes her thumb over the back of my hand. It's soothing and it's gentle, and it makes me feel low. Because she's being so kind to me, and I haven't always been so kind to her.
''Come on, it would make me feel better,'' I manage to get out, while Sherlock finally lets me hold him. He lays his head against my shoulder.
Sherlock hesitated, and then said in a rush: ''I can teach you, if you'd like? We don't have a large enough group of us to actually start a student's group - not yet - but-''
However, now he's sick, and scared. Arguing that he's neither. Still trying to hold onto his Sherlockian edge and cutting commentary of life and people as if that ornery need to say something snarky for the sake of being snarky actually protects him.
''Stop that,'' John says sternly, and a moment later I feel warm fingertips encircle my numb ones and pull against my digits. Pull my hands away from my throat and back towards my lap.
So I shake my head at his open mouthed rebuttal, namely because I do not have the energy to debate this with him right now.
''I'd know him anywhere. I don't want him interacting with this child, John,'' he gets out. His voice is clipped. ''I demanded another doctor, and things got heated.''
''Oh come off it Sally!,'' I hiss, suddenly feeling angry and sad and miserable. But mostly sad. ''Let it rest, alright? Sherlock's not the demon you think he is. He's not a psychopath, or a sociopath or whatever incorrect label he's tacked onto himself. He's just a person who finds it hard to relate to others. But can we lay off the Sherlock-bashing for one case, please?''
Not in the sense of eating, and gaining, and having me monitoring the process. Or blood work and tests and comments by others on the possible damage he's already done to himself.
I have always been physically affectionate with people I've cared deeply for, but in this situation there are other complexities that make even simple touch something I keep over-analyzing. Keep refraining from initiating.
The contrast of Sherlock's skin in the dark is even paler than earlier, and hence ghostly for the difference.
''I'm not sick! There is nothing wrong with me! And you just want to manipulate me. Which isn't a situation I am unfamiliar to being put into, as you well know. Because I do know what this is, John. I know what it means to be forced against your will to do something that someone else wants you to do.''
I am, after all, feeling awfully stressed over Sherlock's recent soft spoken-ness. Our bantering has stopped, and he has altered his routine - almost as if to avoid me.
Some part of me is registering that it's not normal to emotionally turn off like I do. To go numb. I know it's a problem. I cannot continue to vacillate between feeling so empty and feeling so upset that I make a scene. I need to pull myself together.
''Thank you,'' he whispers getting into the bed, before pushing his lithe body as far back as if possible. Until he is, indeed, touching the wall. His legs hunch up slightly and he holds the duvet up for me to crawl underneath. I get in a little more slowly than he had and then take the cover of the blanket, and settle it securely around both of us.
I smile and place my order, and am rewarded with the best coffee  – regular, not decaf – of my life. And this time I order it with sugar (not splenda, as I had taken to doing in the previous months).
I don't try to erase his words. I let them stand, not believing in their accuracy - but not wanting him to think I am discounting the greater meaning of what he's trying to convey.
From there, he walked into his enclosed bathroom, and turned on the light which queued the fan to kick in.
''He just cares. Probably about a lot of things. I know he can be abrasive at times, but he's not without the ability to feel for others. He's not a sociopath, despite his self-labelling.''
Sherlock and I have gone over the flat for signs of bugs or wires, or general surveillance. We do so rather routinely, and we haven't found anything in quite a long time.
One of the items was the mashed potatoes. If he could taste the butter and olive oil that I had added for a higher calorie content, he kept his mouth shut to boot.
On the poster a little boy with dark hair and glasses is holding an owl, and staring at a bright, autumn moon.
I look down at his duvet, not knowing myself. Feeling freshly born in the glow of the room and the hour of the night.
My best friend - who for years has held some sort of previously farrowed portion of my heart and turned it into something real, and beating and happy - is in agony. And why?
In fact, I was not nervous at all. I was entranced, and felt alive and libidinous and fascinated by his anxiety.
''I'm just a little bit tired,'' I admit, feeling less exposed given Molly's lack of information. She's operating in the dark. John's not. Not entirely.
"For in every adult there dwells the child that was, and in every child there lies the adult that will be." - John Conolly
Reviews = love. Even if I don't get back in touch with you guys right away, your kind words make me smile. :)
John seems to hesitate now. ''And I won't pressure you to get therapy, but you have to eat. I can't negotiate on that.''
“It feels powerful,” he hisses. “It feels powerful to hate him so much when before I hated myself. And I think that’s only fair – to hate him. To not hate myself anymore.”
''I think I am afraid of myself,'' I whispered. ''I don't know - I can't express - I know I am disordered.''
Mycroft glances up to me, then gives a slightly pained look to my request before shaking his head once more.
I didn't ask him how he felt about it, either. Not physically, not emotionally. I didn't make a big deal out of it at all.
''Go 'way!,'' he pants, leaning over again to rid his stomach of whatever had been in there moments ago.
And then he's beside me. Pulling whatever else is in my other hand away from my side. I don't even know what it is, but it clinks against the desk as he returns it to the table. My eyes catch a glint of metal.
I suddenly realize that a stream of cold air from my oxygen tank is leaking out against my belly, and I press with my hands against it to get it to stop. I grasp my belly and try to keep the cold out. My spacesuit is damaged. It's open, and I'm cold.
I'm not drunk, but I don't drink much and I probably drank more with Sarah there than I would have alone. That's the ironic bit.
"This is my favourite colour," I say a moment later, to break the silence. I hold up an aubergine coloured crayon and scribble on the pad of paper.
About 10 minutes later, I hear his voice like a gentle rumble coming in after a flash of lightening. Not scary. Comforting. Like a duvet.
"Evelina disbanded in 1976, and wasn't reopened until 2004. I was in clinic in 1989. The Priory," and the words rush from my mouth of their own power. Their own free will.
Mrs. Thiesen turns away suddenly, her shoulders shaking. It takes me a second to realize that she's crying silently.
Even if he could have spoken, the words would have become garbled. He would have wanted to lay down. He would have closed his eyes. His skin would have become cold and he might have felt cold internally, too, and all the layered clothing in the world wouldn't have helped him feel any warmer.
A sudden impulse has me pulling out my mobile, checking for messages. It's after 6 pm. Sherlock's probably been home for hours. If he went back to the flat at all, that is.
Like a child possessed by the devil. Speaking the truth, and speaking lies. Hoping to wound more severely with the truth embedded in the core, and using the lies to cut.
''So you still have a libido, you mean? A sex drive? Just no interest in having sex with another person?''
I look down at the rug, at my shoes. At the black scuff mark on the side of the wall that Mrs. Hudson has missed.
I wonder if Toby could ever appreciate it, given the hell he must have been living through for a long time, now.
In fact, on a long enough time line, he'd still lose weight on a 1000 calorie a day diet. But I also know it's multiples of what he eats right now.
"He's barely regained consciousness! And now you want to talk to him, without someone he knows even being present? What makes you think he's going to talk to you at all? He's not even talking to me!"
''Oh. Right,'' he says primly, ''I take it you want to keep them, then? Are you going to take one now? Give it a chance?''
''I haven't been sleeping well,'' he rushes to say next, lest I get the wrong idea. ''I, just - with Mycroft, when I was small, sometimes I'd sleep better if he-''
He'll consume liquids, but he's hesitant to eat solid food. And his throat was not injured. He should be able to swallow normally.
''It would be easier if it did,'' he mutters, finally replacing his glass with trembling hands. ''If we presented in assured units. Something solid. Something which can't be taken away easily.''
Then there was a toy chest. Puzzles. A new microscope and chemistry set. He hadn't had much money back then, but he made the room my own, even with his modest funds: just the barest amount from his trust, with the majority held away until he was to turn 25. But Mycroft used all of it to rent out our new home, and he used the last remaining amount to buy me some toys, some books. Things I had never had before. A stuffed animal. My choosing. A small radio. He let me choose. He didn't buy anything for himself, really. Just stuff the two of us needed.
John should feel guilt and shame, but all he can actually feel is Sherlock’s cock hardening against his hip. They’ve barely spoken a word, yet the intent is clear. He can’t even question how they got here because it’s been slowly building for months now. John felt it start in the weak beat of Sherlock’s heart as he lay on the floor dying, his shaking fingers dialling an ambulance, in the grip of his arm as he fell to the carpet in Baker Street days later, in the weeks of space after, as they trod carefully around each other until their orbits collided once more. It was easy to pretend, between the cases and distractions, that nothing else existed. That Leinster Gardens had been a dream within a dream.
The arms stretched above Sherlock’s head go limp, as he allows his muscles to relax. Feelings peak and fade as he breathes, the weight of John slumped and spent against his chest something he doesn’t yet want to lose.
All he can do is circulate the stuffy air in and out of his lungs as John leans into him, the smooth of his chin coming to rest somewhere on Sherlock’s collarbone, face hidden in the curve of his neck. And although Sherlock can’t hear anything now but his own blood in his ears, can’t feel his own hands or feet on the ground because John’s breath is hot against his skin, it really is the best position to observe their suspect. Sherlock tries to focus, get his brain to pinpoint on the man opposite them instead of the one brushing his nose under his jaw.
Sherlock lets his head loll back a bit. Despite the awkward angle his muscles are beginning to relax against John’s pressing lips, travelling softly over the length of his neck and the small space below his ear. It’s pleasant and warm in his belly, the heat of John’s mouth a welcome comfort on his skin. The wet cotton is beginning to feel a little tight over his groin so Sherlock reaches down to adjust it, but before he can, John has both of his wrists encircled. The grip is tight as his hands are moved to the edges of the bathtub.
The ghost of smoke on his coat lingers as he reaches for his keys. John will surely notice. His sense of smell seems to increase tenfold every time Sherlock’s resolve bends a little. He wafts his hands in his pockets like wings in the cold air, as if the gesture will help to dissipate his slip up. It does nothing.
John steps through and keeps their eyes locked because he can’t look down past Sherlock’s chest just yet. Years he’s spent telling himself he doesn’t want any of this – not this kind of body, lean and muscular – and John doesn’t have a clue what to do. Can’t find any hidden part of himself that knows how to deal with the knowledge he’s been wrong all this time. He’s been lying to himself, because he certainly does fucking want this. Has said so, out loud, like it was easy. And now in the fresh light of the bathroom, it seems more difficult than it ever has.
Sherlock flicks an eyebrow up at this news, and John hums in agreement. Despite Rosie’s creative and adventurous nature, she is rarely late.
“As ever, Mycroft does not agree with my methods” Sherlock eventually answers, turning and rising from the floor. “Nor I, his”
Apparently, that’s all the encouragement the other man requires. Sherlock emits a small needy sound and moves his hand between them, palm squeezing at the muscular flesh of John’s buttocks. His thumb slides tentatively towards that gap between his cheeks, following the line carved there, gently at first and then becoming more insistent, pushing further into it.
As soon as they get into the main room, Sherlock finds it difficult to breathe. There’s smoke everywhere that he assumes is supposed to be atmospheric, strobe lighting and random spotlights doing nothing to help him make sense of the room. The bar is straight ahead though, and John’s already halfway there, apparently far more used to weaving his way through crowds of dancing men than Sherlock is.
John’s voice isn’t his own, it’s coming from someone else surely, tangled there in the back of his throat.  It sounds weak and scared, torn between want and actuality.
John seems to need audible confirmation this time, circling Sherlock’s wrists with strong hands, but unwilling to bring them further than the mattress above his head without approval. It’s telling that John has managed to read him so well, despite the continents that have stretched between them recently, all the things Sherlock thought he’d kept so well hidden that are apparently common knowledge to the man above him. Every second he was away from Baker Street was spent in a tight knot of self-discipline, commanding dominance over his own wants and needs in order to get the job done. To be able to return, in one piece and as quickly as possible. It had taken too long, and much more fortitude than he had expected to give. The thought of letting go of that resolve, handing it over to John, is more than alluring.
The stolen wallet somehow ended up under the bed. Sherlock finds it after a few seconds of John frantically trying to remember what he did with it. They manage to straighten out the bedsheets and smooth out their hair just before the sound of footsteps echo outside. Mycroft and Greg undo the latch, stepping into the room flanked by three other officers, clearly expecting to find the suspect apprehended.
“Are you sure,” John’s trying to be good, so acutely aware of the line he’s erasing for the both of them with his fingers travelling to Sherlock’s thinly clothed ribs. “You don’t have to –“
“Been better,” John admits, his left hand brushing the metal edges of the ankle restraint he’s unknowingly sat next to.
There’s no sign of the man. Even the kitchen table is clean, as if it’s not been touched for days. All the slides and other detritus Sherlock usually leaves lying around have been stacked into a storage box. John even checks his bedroom, a terrible part of him almost wanting to find Sherlock lying there about to relapse, rather than not at all.
The sound of wind whistling through the walls of what can only really be called a castle (even if Mycroft calls it a house) turns his head. Everything is stonework and tapestries and turrets, a large portrait of the man himself hanging over the grand staircase. It’s an actual museum, a pompous and musty illustration of the man’s ego, a telling contrast to the tiny flat Sherlock chose for himself in London.
John swallows and means to take a step back but instead the electric pulls him closer, a foot or so and he’s back in the confusing orbit of Sherlock’s presence, back where he belongs and where he never should have left.
The warning is heeded, John withdrawing slowly, lips smacking as he pulls off Sherlock’s cock completely. John’s breaths come hard and fast from his nose, as he pushes a hand into Sherlock’s hair, tugging hard to bring their mouths together, moving to straddle Sherlock again. The frantic pace is welcomed. Sherlock can’t hold out much longer with all the new and overwhelming sensation sparking over him, can feel everything becoming tight and saturated. He pushes his cock against John’s stomach as they kiss, keening for any kind of friction as he becomes drunk with need. John bites at his jaw and neck, wrapping a hand around both of them in unison, his eyes supernova as they try to catch Sherlock’s own with each pull.
Before he knows it, the blurry figure of Sherlock comes into view, unmistakable curls getting caught by the soft winter breeze. Snow has fallen here, it sticks to the grass in odd patches, the crunch of it jolting as John makes his way to the summit.
Sherlock still hasn’t said anything. Peels off his Belstaff and throws it with disregard over the desk chair. Rolls up his sleeves and kicks off his shoes too. Slumps down into his armchair looking shattered and slightly grey, and older than John ever remembers him being.
Anger is such an easy thing for him. It’s like putting on an old coat and finding a fiver in the pocket -it always gives him something, never fails to turn up when he needs it. Words are easier when they’re said in irritation, provoked with an easy alibi. There’s probably some kind of childhood psychological bullshit to explain his reliance on it, but anger makes his words stone and sharp as glass when in truth they’re brittle, just compacted bitter sand. Something in Sherlock’s eyes flashes and John’s sure it’s not just a reflection of the Bunsen in low light, is sure, actually, that there’s a bit of resentment in there somewhere. Interesting. Maybe he can get
''Get rid of it,'' he whispers peremptorily a second later - his commanding words still not belying his terror - and this time he places my hand between his legs. My brain is screaming and kicking and crying to stop this. STOP THIS! while he starts to rock. There's no build up, nothing indicating such a progression. There is certainly nothing romantic here. He just immediately starts to tilt and sway against my body, while his lips stiffen into a thin, dour line as if he's pouring hydrogen peroxide onto a wound, not chasing his own climax. A second later he lets out a sound, but it doesn't sound good - it doesn't sound like anything skirting the world of good - and he tucks his chin to his chest, while picking up the pace of his rocking.
And like a rush of water in my head, drowning out the noise of the street - the sound of cars honking, an ambulance a mile off, a creaky Radio Flyer wagon being pulled across the street by a little girl - the past becomes renewed.
Lestrade 'mhmmms' his agreement, then says with obvious hesitation, ''he might need your help here, John. I think he needs something, and I think if you are careful in how you ask, he might just tell you.''
Maybe that's all there is to it. Not that it makes this feeling totally abate in my chest. My heart still feels like someone is squeezing it.
''You look... cozy,'' he says lightly, giving me a once-over. I try not to tug against my exterior jumper. Puff it out and make it cover my body even more. ''You look different.''
I stand up from my chair, and press my hands firmly against the wall, needing the pressure. The conversation seems to becoming more anxiety-filled and ungrounded as it proceeds.
I bend my head over to his face. Press my lips against his eye. Feel the shuttering of his lashes as I keep my lips pressed there. Turn several inches away. Press again against his temple for good measure.
He shuts his eyes. His eyelashes are damp and they are creating a ridge of black against his eyelids.
No one else will have a shot in hell of getting him to want to change, to want to improve, to want to move towards health and to make the decision to run back from edge of the cliff, as Mycroft refers to it.
Because I cannot conceive of a reality where Sherlock, in totality, wants to be sick. No one would truly want to feel so cold all the time, to have such abhorrent stomach pain, to pinch and measure and agonize over the growing or receding flesh of their body. That would not be a comfort. That would be a relentless agony. A burden for which, I have recently learned, is partially responsible for the relatively high degree of suicide amongst those suffering from long term eating disorders.
''Fine,'' I huff, terror hurting my bones. Radiating out from my whole body. ''If that's the way you wish to play it.''
Letting myself recline backwards against the bed, I will my stomach to stop cramping. To stop clenching and unclenching.
''Truth is, well, that the counselor was so patient and so warm and kind...I think the tension rolling around in my belly had to be let out. So...it came out. Luckily, I didn't throw up or anything like that, but I basically burst into tears. It was like...his kindness made me cry. But if no one had asked me how I was doing, or if no one had been kind like that...I don't think I would have cried at all. I would have steeled my resolve to show nothing but little-kid strength, and I wouldn't have cried. I know I wouldn't have. I think I cried then because some part of me realized...that I was allowed to cry, if that makes sense. That everything wouldn't all fall apart, and that the counselor wouldn't laugh at me or mock me for feeling out of sorts. That ultimately, it was safe for me to show how sad I was really feeling. I think the emotion came to the fore, because I knew I could let it.''
''Of course I screwed up! I know I did!,'' and then Sherlock stands up too quickly, dislodging his green house coat.
''Do you want to bet that whatever he brought out, he would have said it would have been good for my stomach?''
''I can't go away, Sherlock,'' Yuri says a moment later, and I am connected enough to the moment to know that he feels what John would call ''empathy'' for me.
Sherlock taps the teacup lightly with his finger. The tea rolls over the top - just a little bit - and then runs down the side of the cup. I know better than to tell him to stop.
''I don't want you to take this away from me, because it's mine! It was my way of keeping it all...from falling apart in my mind. It was my ritual, and I never said I was open to being changed! And I do love myself! This was my sanity when there was NOTHING and no one and you have no right to take that away, John! Not when you cannot even ''conceive'' of why it helps me! Not when it bewilders you at best and terrifies you!''
''You wrote them down on the list, Sherlock!,'' I aim for logic, now. ''We have four cartons of eggs in the fridge!''
I recover by jolting upright in my chair, momentarily confused. Looking around, I can see a red light flashing on Yuri's answering machine.
I slip from my covers and pad over to the hallway, stepping lightly down the staircase before I reach the bottom. I drop downwards and listen to the score, not wanting to interrupt his playing.
"No one - no one, Sherlock, aside from you - even suspects this is about molestation. The boy is not going to reveal that information on his own! You need to talk to Lestrade, and you need to speak to his mother. The sooner the better. For Toby's sake."
John rolls his eyes, and then a few seconds later presents me with a steaming cup of the stuff. A huge bowl of yogurt is soon to follow.
''I'll get around to that,'' Mrs. Hudson admonishes gently, ''I believe it was Sherlock's first consulting job. With Scotland Yard. Greg wasn't-''
I can't place my finger on what makes it different. A timber of grief. Like a wild animal that has been shot, and whose howls of anger are mixing with whimpers of pain.
''Yeah, they are,'' I test, uneasily. I can feel the shift in mood, and can sense it's abrupt nature. It's complicated display of something tinged with anger, but also a deep and typically repressed sadness. ''Although, that's when we are generally the most at peace. When we are children. That's when we should be most at peace, I think.''
''Your brother mentioned that, from his perspective, he thought perhaps you stopped eating because you were trying to stave off puberty.''
John gives me a sympathetic smile, then ushers me to his place, quickly clearing away his own dishes. I smear a drop of blood-ketchup with my finger.
"Until they threatened to intubate me," I swallow, my chest feeling heavier than it did yesterday. Heavier than it did even the day before. The air in my lungs feels hot, and tumultuous. Like a summer thunderstorm, about to break open - but it's internal, it's bodily. It's inside, and that makes it even worse. "I tried," I get out at last, not knowing what I'm even saying anymore. Not knowing where the words are even coming from. Where they've been hiding all this time.
It serves only to infuriate me, as do all sense-memories when I can't contextualize the meaning behind their history.
I can't think. I only hear a buzz of static in my skull where thoughts and life and images usually dwell.
I startle at that; I've had very few people in my life speak to me so formally. And never a shrink with even a modicum of respect.
The questions are naively simplistic, and when I look at my patient his eyes are open and uncomprehending.
I've shaved, pressed my clothes, and slept (thanks to a hefty dose of melatonin, which amazingly enough did knock me out) a solid 10 hours.
''He WAS murdered because of me! I didn't take the case because I couldn't solve it! I couldn't think! I crossed the days out, in my calendar. Like it was a fucking count down! Like, it was a count down to Christmas - not for the killer, but for HIM! Because it is a downgrade! You asked, and it is! Murder is a downgrade from what he would have lived, all the time, all growing up - what I lived every day! I watched the days run out - not because I wanted his days to run out, but because I couldn't MOVE! All I could do was watch his time run out! I was frozen inside, and no one saw!''
I bet if I grabbed at the pillow and pressed it against my nose, it would be scented like Old Spice and John's soap.
''What does it MATTER if I am trying? Trying doesn't matter! Actions matter, and I can't...act properly. Please, I need to go. I need to get out of here. Please!''
A screeching of metal against laminate is heard as the doctor pulls a chair against the floor, bringing it about three feet away from my bed. I try to sit up so I don't look as pathetically vulnerable, my self-hatred rearing its mental attack as I quickly itemize the best responses, the best avenues of answering the standardized questions relating to depression, maybe suicidal ideation, and of course self care (or lack thereof).
I wake up even more ravenous than I thought would be possible, my body itching to go downstairs and gobble up pasta and chips and dough and cakes. Not salad, not soup - even though those are hard enough to eat right now. Eat and leave alone. Leave to digest.
I wonder, almost idiotically, how cold she must always feel down here in the morgue. I'm freezing, and I've only been here for a few seconds.
And somehow that's even worse. Because I can see his spine. I can see the bruising around the vertebrae. As if he's done thousands upon thousands of crunches, and the skin has worn off, bled, crusted over, scarred, worn off again. The area around the scarring is pink. If he had flogged himself, he couldn't have caused much more scarring.
Because, dear God - if anyone would want to escape the horrors of the mind - it would have to be someone like Sherlock. The words spoken by Mycroft himself had seemed too obscenely real. Just the words alone had made me so ill. I couldn't even fully connect the words to the shame that Sherlock must have felt. The violation, the sense of being so worthless to a man who should have acted as his father. Who should have picked him up and read bedtime stories to him, but instead picked him up and removed his pajamas, removed his pants. Molested him. And worse.
I don't know if I should move my hand. Recall how the slight and repetitive stroking of his palm seemed to calm him down, earlier.
Routines, he says, can create a sense of security when someone feels as if the very ground they walk on is giving way.
Sherlock swallows and the sound is painfully loud in the small space. The loudness of the sound makes me feel oddly disconnected. Far more than I would have thought. And that's the thing about emotions, isn't it? They attach to singular events, cuts of memory, as if the memory of life is film, and one sound, one colourful ream of film, one scent - can have such weighted meaning. More, perhaps, than a host of cruelties and injustices inflicted upon the body for years at a time.
