“So the bickering doesn’t stop at Christmas?” he asked jovially to Mr Holmes,
For some reason, and I don’t think any of them accept Mycroft knew how, the Holmes family were back in Madam Malkins, staring at two painfully similar umbrellas.
“Why can’t you ask him?”
“Well this is a sight,” came a familiar voice, giggling, from behind him.
“Now, I suggest you both go to the feast, get some food in you. I dare say you’ll be a bit woozy for a time. Any troubles, come straight back here now.”
But someone grabbed his arm.
“That is true, yes,” Sherlock said, “Though I may receive a pummeling cheering you on from the Slytherin stands…” Sherlock continued, giggling, “Seb’s little gang would have a field day.”
“I know,” Sherlock said coolly, “And how will you monitor that, professor?”
“Would you like to come and stay with us for Christmas?” he breathed, all of a rush.
John chuckled, “Nice joke.”
Somehow he found himself in the sitting room in complete darkness. His face, his hands, and his legs were shaking.
“He’s a bastard. Let me guess, he asked you to write to him daily, giving him updates on what I’m up to?” He asked flatly, plucking one of the strings.
“About six o’clock I think,after the feast.”
The two sat in silence for a good few minutes after that, unable to fathom any way to continue this topic.
Yes, Anderson would tell Seb, and yes Sherlock would probably pay for it later, but he cared very little as he was meeting John in the courtyard, and was in fact not spending the weekend alone.
“Er, Sherlock” John said hesitantly, giving a nod to the group at the chatting at the edge of the water,
Before long, a complete and utter brawl had commenced, and both were clambering breathlessly over pumpkins, hiding behind pumpkins, and of course were covered in pumpkin itself.
There was a name written in faded, yet still visible, ink.
“Right.” John looked sadly down at his own potion, on step three, which hadn’t even gone red yet. “How did you do that? Sherlock smirked, but tried to hide it.
The boy obliged, standing up quickly, staring forward. “Now this “magnificent” boy… Sherlock Holmes.” John couldn’t believe it, he wanted to be able to sweep the train incident under the rug, and here he is in his class? From nowhere? “Mr Holmes has quite the reputation at Hogwarts: For being a know-it-all, who can’t keep his long nose out everyone’s business, for spying on people… and overall being a complete freak!”
Sherlock looked up, nervously, “I’m his classma-”
“This is ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous” Greg wheezed “I’m on step one and mine already looks like a really sad rainbow!”
“-the loops in her ‘L’s and her ‘E’s; rigid and narrow; She was gripping her quill tightly. She’s tense, she’s rushing-”
“They’re little pumpkin loaves, really,” Hagrid said proudly, putting the tray down next to the both of them, “Right, better be off- gotta go and harvest the smaller ones.”
“You’re back?” John said quietly.
“So you sneak down here to smoke, but refuse to litter?” John joked, trying to cheer him up, “pick and choose your rebellions then?”
“Alright?” Sherlock asked carefully.
On this particular morning, Gareth acted as the main source of conversation, of which Sherlock didn’t mind in the slightest,
Sherlock’s expression turned suddenly grave.
“You know where Sherlock is?” Greg asked, through a mouthful of porridge.
“Shut up,” John said, swigging off his fourth cup of tea, “You had a good lie in this morning.”
"Yeah, yeah I am," John said, smiling bashfully. "Sorry, and you are..?"
“So – do you want to?”
Carl came shivering towards them, towel wrapped tightly around him, skin pricked with goosebumps, pale from the chilly water. They engaged in their usual small talk, Carl asking if he had any cases, Sherlock lying, that sort of thing, whilst Carl pulled on his jumper and jogging bottoms over his trunks.
“The house will do it for you,” he said quietly, making John burst into a fit of giggles again.
They dressed, John putting on his new cardigan over a burgundy t-shirt, and Sherlock, to John’s delight, continued to wear his new jumper. He looked lovely in it, he really did - John was impressed with himself - it brought out the green flecks in his eyes and made him-
“Hello,” he said brightly as John reached him.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, staring into the drawer.
“Oh don’t worry, it’ll be in the papers now. I can revel in complaining about everything the DLE get wrong," Sherlock scoffed, “And anyway, I’ve got the reply from the client to wait for. I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock ignored him.
John was grateful of this. That was until she let her hand rest upon his arm, and gave him a smile. A certain sort of  smile one gives when they know something you don’t. A soft, yet smug smile.
“Right- you too! Baths!” Mrs Holmes said forcefully as she took their plates.
Sherlock’s face broke into a thrilled smile, and before John knew it, the two of them were running back up the hill in direction of the Owlery.
“Always room for tea.”
“Digestion; slows the brain down.”
Sherlock pulled a questioning expression.
“I cannot go into the New Year with unorganised socks, John. I cannot.”
“I-er- yes he-”
John’s footsteps followed, more cautiously. Once out in the corridor he asked, rather nervously, “What do we do?”
It was Professor Borage. John had managed to travel all the way to alchemy without realising.
He gestured to the drink in his hand. He’d noticed, however, ever since Harry had a… moment, John hadn't drunk anything. Sherlock obviously had, and it was beginning to show.
“Er- Where are you going?” John called after him.
He sniffed loudly
“Yes John!” Graham screamed, his voice nearly hoarse, as John whacked the quaffle high into the air, so Stephen, a chaser, could retrieve it and score.
“Happy Halloween, Sherlock,” John said, handing him a spider lolly as a souvenir.
“It’s a pumpkin,” John said flatly.
“How long till the ceiling collapses now, then?”
Mycroft stared at him, nodding. He frowned.
“Oi,” Sherlock spat lazily, wheeling round, “Oh.”
Sherlock shifted.
“Oh shush that was funny! I like that one!”
But Sherlock nodded, bidding him freedom to leave, which John evidently wanted to do.
John was floored, but he couldn’t escape the grin creeping up his face, “You want me to come with you?”
“Nice hat,” John said brightly, with a smirk.
Sherlock shook his head, “No, there’s still just the smallest chance I may have a case. Better not risk it.”
“Goodnight,” Sherlock said suddenly, exhaling tiredly.
Whilst his final spoonful was halfway to his lips, concentrating immensely to keep his hand steady, he noticed the boy opposite giggling, it was that kind of barely audible giggle; just the slightest sound of snuffling accompanied by a few squeaks every once in a while.
The jokes that followed didn’t improve, but they all laughed all the same, even Mycroft, who was now wearing a rainbow glowing bobble hat, managed a giggle. There was a lot of glasses clinking, talking over each other, nudging of one another, swapping of headwear and playing of miniature wizard’s chess when they should have been eating their brussel sprouts. There was a lot of fun at that table. It was the best Christmas dinner John had had in a long while.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock,” John mumbled, weight growing heavier against him.
John and Greg trudged dozily up to the dorm, limbs and heads heavy.
As the timeline of how alchemists created “panacea” a remedy thought to prolong life indefinitely, something John did not give two shits about at that current moment, was scrawled upon the blackboard by an overly excited piece of chalk, John fought desperately to remain engaged. This was not assisted by the boy beside him, who did not attempt to hide the fact that he too did not give two shits about the work whatsoever.
Sherlock looked to John, who seemed all for the idea.
“What are your intentions with my brother?” Mycroft interjected, coldly.
Seb suddenly stopped, pulling Andrew back too.
Following this, he started opening a small satin pouch that was fastened delicately to his belt. It had been hidden by his jumper until then. He pulled from it, to John’s surprise, a long thin pipe, with the letters
“A bottle of butterbeer, mate.”
John laughed.
“The murderer entered the house, how? We don’t know. The man was found in his bed, which suggests he was asleep when the attack occurred. The Incarcerous hex was performed, and the murderer…”
“Why are you up here, anyway?” John said, sitting down beside him, which his increasingly wobbly body thanked him for.
He was sat opposite. Instantly Sherlock noticed the tired look in his eyes, similar to how they appeared in some of their earlier classes together; strained and squinting, with a definite blankness to his gaze, as if he were concentrating on something far away. Yet, as the conversation began to flow, his face brightened almost automatically, and once again Sherlock reluctantly bit his tongue.
John held  his breath, carefully, ever so carefully, grasping Sherlock’s thin wrist from his shoulder and unwinding himself from the grasp, every slight movement feeling enormous, every gentle brush of fabric sounding deafening.
John bolted upright, which proved not to be the best idea, as the last time he’d stood was before having drank quite a substantial amount of firewhisky. Having steadied himself, he saw Harry, lying in the centre of the common room, sobbing hysterically.
The two of them stared at one another from across the living room. John shoved some kind of oddly materialed sack behind his back, and Sherlock clutched at his cloak, just in case.
“You definitely will be checking it’s symmetrical though, won't you?” John said teasingly.
John swallowed hard, yet got back to his notes forthwith.
“So we’re basically telling him,” John asked, grabbing a discarded quill on Sherlock’s desk, “we’ve found the gloves, and we’re asking whether anyone’s acted, what? Suspiciously? Weird? Around him?”
Sherlock paused, mouth hanging open a tad, mind a blank all of a sudden.
“See, I’m not the only one who reads over people’s shoulder” She teased, leaning in rather closer than Sherlock felt necessary.
“Shh!” John spat, but couldn’t hide the snigger that escaped with it.
They stood there still, listening, but eventually,
The mother was sat on the cobbled street crying, whilst the father was trying with difficulty to put out the green and gold flame on his wife’s handbag.
“Erm, no I just-”
“What?” He said.
John turned round, “I’m sorry?”
John thought for a moment.
“We’re okay?” John asked firmly, before Sherlock could speak further.
“I never guess, they were just very ugly sofa cushions, but once they were torn open the culprit was obvious.”
“It’s snowing outside?”
“Exactly like a detective”
John was certain for at least 15 minutes of the lesson Greg was asleep, and John couldn’t help but wish he was too. However, as the bell chimed for 10 o’clock, and first lesson came to a close, Magnussen flicked his wand and everyone’s textbook opened to a ‘Wiggenweld Potion’.
John opened it.
John could feel him smirking.
“Knew you’d be here,” John said brightly, popping his head round the bookcase, “Oh, hello Carl.”
“Yep, I am. And I want you to help,” John smirked at him.
Sherlock felt for the hat on his head.
“You’ve not had Herbology yet, how are you already in trouble?”
“Yes, and you’ve done splendidly,” Sherlock said, warmly “Now carve.”
Once the list was finished, after numerous drafts and redrafts from Sherlock's mother, John managed to escape upstairs, opening Sherlock’s bedroom door to, at first, a showering of colourful insults and explanations of why no one should be in there, followed by an abrupt, rather embarrassed mumbling of apologies once Sherlock saw who it was.
“It’s not much…” John said nervously, as Sherlock parted the paper.
John sighed.
She wandered off into the crowd of people in the centre of the common room.
“The Incarcerous conjuration, John,” Sherlock’s eyes were very serious all of a sudden “You know, ropes are conjured and wrap around a person, used to hold or strangle them.”
“Hmm…” She smiled, “Goodnight, everyone.”
“Not taking notes?”
“Hello, Carl,” he said, not attempting to sound overly cheerful.
Sherlock grinned.
Then slowly, very slowly, John felt a hand tentatively rest upon his shoulder.
“The hours up. I play fair,” He said, rising, “I’ll go get her letter. Meet you outside McGonagall’s room?”
Mycroft stared at the two of them smugly, “Have you written him a poem, brother-mine?”
“I think I’ve seen you around with her a bit. Are- are you two…? Have you ever been-” John said, trying the best he could to keep the conversation going.
Sherlock made an agreeable sound, lifting his hand to his face again. He gave his nose a gentle prod. He squeaked.
“Why would that be any better?” John snorted, pulling Sherlock’s hand off of his with his other.
John smiled wryly.
“Have you asked him yet?” Harry persisted.
“No,” Sherlock said simply.
Sherlock pocketed it carelessly.
It was quite a mess, Sherlock felt, as thirty or more people grabbed at the same box as if their life depended on it. However he eventually managed to get hold of something without it being snatched from his hands.
John waited patiently, watching him as he thought. Sherlock started scuffing the shingles about with his feet.
Avoiding the meaningful stare Irene was giving him from across the room, he quickly walked over to sit himself by John.
He didn’t notice John, but merely sat there, robe hanging loosely on his shoulders, glistening in the firelight, cradling his violin in his lap. He plucked the strings carefully. John moved closer.
“You’re going be a pleasure, aren’t you?”
“Shut up. Let’s go, you’re the one who wants to do this.”
“How loyal of you.”
“What?"
“Sherlock- may not- know my name-” Greg struggled, through a sudden attack of hiccups, “But he- sure knows- how to party!”
“Eat it.” Greg scowled at him, but didn’t heed from lathering up a thick slice of toast with umpteen layers of raspberry jam. “And Hurry up, we’ve got to be at Dungeons in ten minutes, unless you want an emotional beating by Maggie to settle you in.”
Before he could even open the doors to his mind-palace, his eyes were forced open again by large gasps from the crowd.
Sherlock, after ensuring the now dishevelled stacks of letters were stuffed deep inside his cloak- don’t want that ink to run- gave a worrying nod to the wash of grounds that lay ahead of them,
The first glimpses of Christmas morning began to peel into John’s vision, the cold living room biting at his face, contrasting the warmth of the throw over him, the incomparable stillness that particular morning brought, like the world had awoken slightly better, more peaceful, than it was the night before. This silence was only interrupted by the distant chiming of muggle church bells, the delicate patter of snow hitting the windowsill, and the excitable thrum of footsteps above his head. And the even breathing of his friend, so much closer than usual. This was different. The unexpected hand tucked securely behind him, his own cheek nuzzled into a shoulder, the solid weight and warmth of another person connected to him shoulder to thigh to foot. It was cosy, comforting. Well. It was, until John reminded himself who the person was.
“Right then, see you there.”
“Well,” John said, shifting the sawdust and straw about with his foot “I think it’s really cool.”
“Fair point, yeah,” he said agreeably. He paused for a moment, “Sherlock, why are you telling me all this?"
“No.”
John felt much drained after seeing Harry whose, after forty-minute persistence, only response was shouting abuse and throwing Bertie Bott's at him until he’d left her alone. Which was fine. Neither of them ever liked talking about how they were feeling, however both cared very deeply if the other one was upset. It was a losing battle.
Sherlock took it, graciously, “You too,” And before he turned to go, “I’ve had a ff-fabulous time.”
“And your nose?” he persisted.
They stood there, motionless, silent.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, slowly.
“What?”
“How many are we doing?” Sherlock said, picking up his spoon again.
Sherlock pulled John rather forcefully underneath one of the archways so they were both crouching, as if on the run from something.
John now understood Sherlock’s hatred for his brother.
Mike clapped him on the back, and Greg threatened to pick him up again.
“Okay,” John fidgeted. He’d never thrown a house party before. Well, not to be morbid but he’d never had a house, not a real house, to throw one in. “Shall we put the fire out?”
John smiled, “Yeah, yeah it's, erm, for a friend.”
“Ah yes, fine too – Sorry about your socks, though, by the way-”
Sherlock smirked. “You’re on.”
“Would you kindly get out, please,” He mumbled, offering them his softest of smiles.
Breathlessly, they finally stopped running as they reached the clearing that lead to the Shrieking Shack. They collapsed onto the crisp grass, fits of giggles erupting in them.
They exchanged gentle smiles, and John leant back in his seat. Sherlock returned to looking at the sea of fields and small cottages flying past the window, with little interest now. He had forgotten how nice casual company was. It was a funny feeling. He paused, and turned back,
“Or, you could… tag along, perhaps?” It was Sherlock again, his head leaning around one of the large double doors, smiling nervously.
John felt Sherlock exhale against him, “Good.”
“Don’t want to embarrass myself in Sherl’s house now do I!” She giggled, squeezing him harder, “Merry Christmas, Johnny!”
Sherlock was smirking at him opposite.
“Me,” Sherlock cut in, nodding, “I know.”
“And obviously I’d forget that detail if you hadn’t circled it five times with your quill!” Sherlock interrupted sarcastically, finishing his tea off with a large swig, “And anyway, I have one more experiment to set up. We’ll solve it.”
Sherlock stared at him. John shrugged.
An agreeable consensus was given by the group, and the conversation restarted as Greg pulled out a large basin with an anti-spilling charm cast upon it.
“Are we going now then?” He said, wriggling free from his mother’s hold.
He quickly changed it yet again to,
John’s mouth fell open, “I-I thought you’d just do… petty thefts, Sherlock this is big-”
but he could feel his heart beating faster and faster the longer he felt Sebastian's breath down his neck.
John stared at him.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said casually.
“You okay?” John giggled, shutting the door behind him rather clumsily.
Sherlock was thankful for the microscope shadowing his face, as he was sure his face was softening by the second due to John's presence.
After what felt like an age, he became aware of a dim light splintering across the room, became aware of gentle footsteps treading carefully near him, of the clinking of china or glass.
“Or I’ll snap a book in two- Jeanette!”
As he passed the courtyard, he spotted the first flurries of sparks and smoke rising from the bonfire, spitting and spluttering.
Sherlock thought best to slip away whilst Mycroft squirmed away from his father’s affections, grabbing John by the sleeve and pulling him all the way out of the kitchen, up the stairs and onto the landing, an action to which John willingly obliged. It had become a common occurrence, it seemed. John following wherever he led.
John laughed. He could still hear the muffled sound of the music downstairs even there. “That’s okay, where’ve you been anyway?”
“So,” John said, lowering himself onto the bed.
“What?”
Again, another nod. Sherlock walked forwards onto the level stone path, swerving a little but righting himself quickly, left hand and sock still clutched to his nose.
“Shall we get some lunch? To celebrate?” John said brightly, to which they all, apart from Sherlock, exploded into cacophony of agreeable sounds.
“Greg. I thought you were asleep. You were asleep, weren’t you Greg?”
John awoke to find Sherlock absolutely nowhere to be found on the morning of December 24th, which was pretty impressive seeing as Sherlock Holmes seemed to be able to sleep in for England. A knot of guilt twinged in his stomach; He had practically ignored Sherlock the night before, so although the prospect of further avoiding the issue was an inviting one, John felt it was really quite rude to not wish to locate his current roommate. After about fifteen minutes wrestling with himself to stay awake, he dressed himself rather hurriedly, pulling on jeans and a thick rust coloured jumper from his trunk, and headed down to the kitchen. Mr and Mrs Holmes, and Mycroft sat about twenty feet away from them in the living room, reading the daily prophet. But still, no Sherlock.
The three of them moved through the crowd to a small table next to an uninhabited armchair, and John pulled a small flask from his robes, and poured some into one of the self-cleaning party cups Greg had bought the day before. He then poured one for Greg, and then looked to Sherlock.
Sherlock became very aware of a fairly tall witch standing behind him. “My office. Please.”
Sherlock watched as he made it,
“No- Christmas!” Sherlock gave himself a little shake, “Would you mind if I asked John to stay with me over the holiday?”
“I may do.”
“It’ll be my last year at Hogwarts soon, Sherl. Better give my punishment while I can - Anderson will make a pig's ear of it without me next year!"
“Only if you promise that if there’s one bit of trifle left, it’s mine,” he called back.
John swallowed.
John sighed, shoving the letter into his pocket. He craned his neck to look to Harry, sat down the other end of the table. She clocked him, and waved an identical looking letter in his direction, shrugging.
John stepped into the living room, closely followed by Greg.
“Nope.”
“Do you wanna go find Graham and… the other one?” he said, after their laughter had subsided, “I don’t mind.”
“Look at me,” John said, squatting down beside him, “Hey-”
“He’s swapping with you; then you and Watson are both being punished, even better. Move.”
“Yellow?”
“Okay.”
Mr and Mrs Holmes walked gloved-hand in gloved-hand, chatting away merrily to them all, pointing out the icicles hanging from tree branches and from the tips of chimneys, and the scatterings of snow piles that had been shovelled at their neighbours drives and doorsteps, and throwing the odd snowball, Mrs Holmes enchanting hers to centre in on the back of their heads. When they reached the top of their long lane, an arduous journey due to Mycroft's persistent whining and the thick snow which had fallen in the last week, they perched themselves on a fence at the top of a field. There they all drank their hot chocolate, huddling close for warmth and listening to the distant laughter and chatter of families and friends wishing each other Happy Christmases, the sound of joy carrying on the biting morning breeze.
“Is that necessary?”
“No, no it’s fine… Who’s this?” she said, nodding to Sherlock who had reverted to staring into his cup.
"Molly," he burst.
He crept oh so slowly over the dust covered floorboards, each step forcing an aroma of old chalk and dampened oak up into the air with an ear-wrenching creak.
“Sherlock!” John yelled, half laughing.
The two sat in silence for a while, Greg staring off into the distance (probably dreaming about Miss Hooper…) and John staring at the table.
John laughed at him.
John nodded.
His eyes darted quickly to our wizard on the wall.
“What about aconite?”
"Sherlock." he said, a subtle sadness in that he had no title or interesting information to put after it. “Well, you seem like a good flyer.”
Sherlock moved swiftly over to him and snatched it. He pondered it for a moment, as John began scrawling the letter to ‘Mr C. Powers’ himself.
John relaxed a little.
Sherlock nodded.
“Alright then,” Sherlock said, in a trusting sort of way, before continuing, “So we have a pre-empted murder, asphyxiation by strangling. Taking all we have currently without seeing the scene itself into account, it has to be the Incarcerous hex, taking place in a house completely locked up magically, no sign of forced entry, while his wife was supposedly at her sisters who, from her letter, has no reason to be viewed as guilty. She’s irrelevant.”
“Goodnight” John said flatly, turning to go.
“Well-er-” John sighed, defeatedly, “Might as well have done, yeah.”
“Careful!” John laughed, “You sure you’re alright to go?”
“It’s a muggle village, remember?”
“Yep,” John smiled, desperately wishing Sherlock was there to see this, “You having fun up there?”
Borage began to reel off the ‘basic’ facts about transmutation and the elements, which John could vaguely remember from the previous year… sort of. His quill was moving sharply, tiny sprays of ink dotting themselves on his parchment and hands as he scratched away at the paper. He needed this subject, he really did, and he already felt he was behind.
It was to his surprise then, you can imagine, when two vaguely familiar faces, and a third he didn't really acknowledge, appeared at the door to his compartment. It was the sandy-haired boy from Diagon Alley, whispering quickly to his dark haired friend, who was whispering quickly back. They were pushing and shoving each other silently towards the door.
“How gripping,” he said coolly,“Sure you didn’t drop them?”
“Molly” Sherlock said without any pause
After this ordeal, they both sat in silence for a minute or two, Sherlock unable to look at the boy opposite him, but very thankful for his kindness.
“Time for bed, I think?” John said gently.
“Merry Christmas, John,” he whispered back.
“So Carl’s gloves…”
“What do you want me to say? I don’t care for the sport.”
John fidgeted.
He then folded it neatly into a square, tied it with a piece of navy ribbon, and passed it to Billie who, after giving his gloved hand an affectionate nudge, flew off into the snowy afternoon.
“If this is news to you I have no idea where you’ve been for the last, oh, whole of my life-”
“I’m just smiling, it was funny-”
Sherlock shook his head, rapping his finger on the glass of his window. Within moments Billie appeared, beak open in anticipation. Sherlock scribbled the addition to his mother onto another scrap of parchment and handed it to the owl.
even after both of them had begun to get a bit squiffy by eleven o’clock. Eventually it was time for them all to drag themselves up the stairs, legs and eyelids heavy, all giggling like children at their giddiness in having such a lovely day.
“Come on, you’re still going to come, right?” John asked, almost pleadingly, “Greg and I are going, and Mike and… everyone really.”
He took a wary step forward, yet they matched his move, the both of them filling the narrow corridor completely. Sherlock, anxiety climbing, thought quickly as the two backed him into the jagged brick,
“Actually, Greg, I might just walk Sherlock back to his common room – don’t want you-”
“Right,” John was still full of sleep and, to be quite honest was not overly sure what was happening, “This means?”
“What about your friend? The ravenclaw girl?” John yawned.
“Oh! You’re – Oh from potions and the train and stuff, yeah!” Greg said, nodding proudly, which Sherlock assumed was at his ability to remember an actual potions lesson, let alone its students, “John’s been moaning abou- Ow? Oh sorry…”
“Carl’s-gloves-that-Carl-told-me-had-been-taken-at-the-bonfire gloves, don’t you remember?”
“You have haven’t you?”
Sherlock hummed in response, looking worryingly at the thick coating of mud on his trousers and shoes.
John found Sherlock’s lack of enthusiasm bothersome, yet thought it best to only rant about one thing for the time being.
They nodded and obliged, with help from a few other girls.
She lurched forward into the group, and was all of a sudden in between Sherlock and John, holding the sleeve of Sherlock’s robes.
“He’s a distraction.”
“After the mince-pie ordeal? I think not,” He laughed, lowering himself onto a stool.
The group all clapped and made agreeable sounds before spreading themselves up and down the Gryffindor table. John, though, could not stop worrying, and was pretty certain they would not be fine, but he definitely was not going to tell his team that an hour before they took flight.
His eyes peeled open, staring into the darkness of his room.
Other than his height, John’s other features held no evidence of Goblin blood at all. He was quite muscly, from being the Gryffindor beater in Quidditch and the team’s captain, and had that sandy coloured hair which got mistaken for both blonde and brown. He had a slightly round face and bluey-grey eyes. It was news to Greg, Mike and John himself when it came out that John was one of their year's ‘heartthrobs’.
“Why thank you,” they stared at each other, “I’ll go,” Sherlock rose from his desk rather stiffly, stretching.
“Sherlock? Is that you?”
“Erm, I leant over my cauldron while I was brewing some ‘Dragon Dung Fertiliser’ to help my Herbology Teacher. My tie... well it now doesn’t look or smell too good so-”
John and George were “ooing” with the rest of them, laughing cheerily as Filch bobbed about the crowd snatching anything that looked remotely like a firework erupting from someone’s pocket. Sherlock looked to John, nose and cheeks rosey, face bathed in an ever changing light from the flames, beaming widely into his scarf, ash falling delicately into his hair. Sherlock had started to notice how John’s face scrunched up in a peculiar manner when he laughed, eyes crinkling at the corners. He felt, for the oddest reason, something that could be easily be mistaken for… fondness? Surely not. Must be a trick of the light.
“You actually came!” John half yelled, beaming at him.
“Sherlock what are you-”
“-These ‘pranks’ are elaborate, detailed, and aimed at a target,” his eyes flashed up excitedly at John, “This new case may have opened up an old one.”
“No, not at all. But she will kill me if we are having this- well this party- and she learned of its existence and that she wasn’t to attend.”
Before John could protest, both Greg and Mike expressed agreement in Sherlock’s statement.
“Oi-” Hagrid had suddenly appeared on the steps of his hut and thrown them a grubby looking towel, “That’s not what I’m paying you for, is it now?” he said cheerfully, raising his bushy eyebrows, but clearly smiling through his beard.
Sherlock stretched his arms in front of John’s chest, pushing him backwards. Shielding their faces, the sound of “ignus attenua” being yelled from various teachers came at them from all angles.
John moved quickly out of the living room and up the stairs. Sherlock slipped over to the Christmas tree and tucked his little parcel somewhere unassuming behind, by his deductions, three wrapped pairs of socks, a bottle of firewhisky in a very unimaginative bag, two new sets of phials, and one very large book that everyone in the family bar father would have already read at least twice.
Sherlock didn’t really hear, feeling like John was speaking to him from under water, but he did his best to nod and allow John to pull him upright.
“And people say I’m the smart arse...”
It took John an hour to find the right shop. It was an old vintage shop -
HAPPY 7 YEAR ANNIVERSARY TO SHERLOCK AND JOHN!!!
"You, well you… I don't know..."
John thanked her, and looked down.
“You think so?” he said slowly, looking at his feet.
As John’s laughter died away, it was only then they realised they were alone in the clearing, left with the water, now peaceful and still, and the faint sound of the trees, whose leaves’ were browning and twirling to the ground. The only people were distant voices spread wide across the grounds.
“You alright, Billie?” John said quickly, reaching out a nervous finger to give his crest a gentle
and gave the space on the rug beside him a gentle pat. As always, John couldn’t help but beam back.
finally getting along... thank god :) hope you enjoyed this chapter!
“Let the feast begin!”
POV John
“That’s Carl Powers” Sherlock murmured “he comes every morning. Often only stays half an hour or so, they shouldn’t be long.”
“Ignore me- it was just a thought, I-”
By the time they reached the castle, and left their bags haphazardly to be taken to their dormitories, a chilling drizzle had begun to fall, causing them all to rush into the great hall quicker than their sleepy minds anticipated.
“Well, didn’t want you to get complacent,” Sherlock said, smirking.
“Nothing,” John said, shaking his head. He really is mad.
John and Graham started to sing along heartily, but Sherlock… Sherlock eye’s were filtering through as many faces as he could, trying to find who he knew to be coming, who was no longer there. Sherlock was, unexpectedly, on a case
“Come on,” Sherlock rose to his feet, pulling John by the arm to join him.
"H-Hellooo! HOW ARE-" John quickly rammed a sock from his pocket into his twin's mouth, and dragged her into the kitchen.
John’s gaze shot upon him. Sherlock gave his head a small shake.
“Fine,” He said, softening. John beamed. “But as soon as third years start pretending to be drunk after a couple of Butterbeers I’m done.”
Meanwhile, John was having a whale of a time, and by the time eleven o’clock was approaching, Greg was practically legless, which was always entertaining, and no amount of trying was stunting the effects of the giggle water, which was even more entertaining. Mike and he had dragged Greg’s hysterical, limp self to the stairs to give him somewhere quiet, at which time John realised he himself wasn’t the soberest of wizards. By the time they reached the bottom step, all three of them were giggling on them like naughty toddlers.
John was taken aback, “Apology accepted.” The expression that crossed Sherlock’s face hurt John; he looked so shocked, so flawed at John forgiving him… “Its fine, Sherlock. It’s all fine, I swear.” John said more forcefully. “But actually, I was wondering how you did it? How you knew that? How you know everything apparently” John said with a slight laugh.
“Try and eat something at dinner,” He said matter-of-factly “See you tomorrow.”
"I'm gonna punch his fat face" Greg said flatly, sulkily dropping himself down at the Gryffindor table.
“Dunno,” They all said together.
“Do we have enough?”
“Well, I’ve examined both sets of string, from bonfire and this package, down to their very fibres, and they are indeed identical, so that makes that definite, at least, even though I already knew that.”
Sherlock didn't seem to play into the pre-December hype, and John did neither. John hated December.
It was a bright morning in August when they first met. Nothing exciting, nothing too memorable it seemed, but there it was.
“Or I couldn’t-”
John stared at the photograph, and his mother and father were staring back at him, beaming up at him. Not only beaming but laughing, they were moving, looking from John to each other, and then to a younger Harry, and then his own younger self. John’s father wrapped his arms round all of them giving them the biggest squeeze. John remembered that squeeze, the warmth of it, the comfort of it, how it made him feel safe, feel home.
“Oh thank god I was worried-”
“Fine, yeah. I feel like I’ve barely seen you, recently,” She said, rather awkwardly, “Barely spoken to you…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually, breathless and shivering, John was relieved to see a cavern of warm, inviting light fall out upon the path, as Sherlock (who was surprisingly fast and had put John to shame in their sprint for somewhere dry) had collided with the old wooden door and heaved it open. Sherlock, although visibly dripping and quivering with cold, stood aside to let John go in first, which John found completely ridiculous, but charming all the same.
“Why?” Greg spat.
“Investigating it with John?”
After fifteen minutes sifting through a rather prickly hedge, made increasingly difficult by the lack of light and coldness of his fingers, Sherlock found something. A small cotton pouch, tied with what appeared to be a dark green string, was pierced on the end of a thin thorn. Sherlock, leather clad fingers moving very carefully, plucked it from its place and felt it.
“But-” John choked, tears escaping his eyes.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, “He must be mellowing, then.”
Greg came bounding towards them just as the two of them reached the courtyard, accompanied by Mike, and a very excited looking Molly clutching what looked like Quidditch robes in under her arm.
“So, good Christmas?” he asked quietly, not looking up.
Sherlock looked at him, concentrating, as if this was something he too was only questioning now. John felt like he was being examined. Sherlock then smiled warmly.
Sherlock gave her a rather confused wave, as Gareth and Mike chorused goodbyes after her. John, instead of joining in, scrubbed at his cheek bitterly before lowering his head to the table. Before long, both Gareth and Mike, and somewhat Sherlock, were all stifling down the laughter.
Sherlock smiled “Quiet right”
Sherlock fought to conceal his own laughter this time, as John quickly scrubbed his face with the end of his sleeve.
“I’m just thankful, Mr Holmes, you decided to tell me,” Sherlock beamed at her falsely, McGonagall continued “knowing of course I will no longer let you carry on with this… investigation”
Thought I'd finally update as an anniversary gift for you! xo
“Is that a ministry seal?” John asked, looking at the letter Sherlock had taken from the tawny owl’s talons.
“Nice house!” She yelled over the noise of the festivities, “Didn’t realise you knew so many people, Sherlock.”
“Smart move”
“Are you okay?” John asked, chuckling.
“You are correct Mr Holmes. This is about the murder.”
“Right,” He breathed, loosening the tongs’ grip, “Here we go.”
“Sitting alone in the dark? Are you a full-blown villain now, or do you need your final initiation?”
John blinked, and a tear escaped him. He looked up at his friend, who’d been fidgeting where he stood.
“I’m glad you think so; whittled it myself over the summer. Not that mother knew, though. I think she thought it was going to be a boat or something. Seemed quite proud of me.”
“You were sent a parcel last night. You’ve been investigating it all day-”
"What do you think that means?" John asked, gingerly.
“Okay…”
“No. Checked. All living residences in Hogsmeade are under an anti-apparition charm, like this place,” he murmured, with a sudden lack of enthusiasm, biting his lip irritably.
The clearing was strewn with piles and piles of leaves in deep reds, burnt oranges, and tawny browns.
"I'll cocking kill you," Is what Sherlock understood Greg had mouthed to John through the compartment door, as he was dragged out of sight, but he couldn't be certain.
Hi, this chapter is very long and covers a lot. Sorry, desperately fighting to get my halloween chapter up on time. My halloween chapter (part 1) will be out later tonight! And halloween part 2 before the end of the week. Hope you enjoy! Sorry for the long wait, and now three chapters coming at once? :')
“The trial’s in an hour so-”
“Well then, have fun with him, John!” Irene winked again, at John this time, before slinking off up the cobblestone path.
“Just-” he snapped, before inhaling slowly, “help me.”
He began running back up the bank of the clearing, his feet pounding loudly against the shingles.
“You need to purchase a tie pin, my boy” She squeaked, handing him a neatly wrapped, non-dung-smelling tie (although being second-hand it was slightly frayed at the edges)
He was a magnificent flyer, he really was, twisting and turning with ease in and out of the freshly painted goal posts, weaving effortlessly between the stands, feeling his cloak flapping joyfully behind him as he did so.
He groaned, sitting upright fuzzily.
“Merry Christmas!” Greg burst out excitedly once the soot had cleared, wrapping John in a large hug. Yet, when it came to his greeting of Sherlock…  “Sherlock! What the fuck is this?” Greg had a, now rather sooty, Christmas card clasped tightly in his free hand.
John peered up at them from his limp laughing state.
“I don’t follow,” Sherlock sighed.
And the three of them began to walk up the path.
“You’ve said, John,” Sherlock said coolly, now watching Hagrid shove pieces of old sofa cushion into the gaps in the fire’s structure.
New Year's Eve!!!
“You two should get going” he said clearly, ignoring the panic that was bubbling up inside of him.
After a short inhale Sherlock said “One trip to Zonko’s lasting less than fifteen minutes. Then to Scrivenshaft’s quill shop to restore some dignity and buy things of actual use. If anything catches my fancy, perhaps to Galdrag’s wizard wear, and before we can relax to Dervish and Banges; I need some new phials.”
The sun had well and truly sunk now, behind the surrounding mountains and valleys, and the first few dottings of stars beginning to appear above them. Sherlock was racing ahead, his footsteps echoing along the stone slabbed floor, moving into dull thuds as he reached the vast fields beyond the courtyard.
“Ooh!” he said suddenly, startling Sherlock a little who sloshed a drop off tea onto the table, which dried itself instantly, “It’s Hogsmeade this weekend! First one!”
Sherlock threw a loaf at him.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock asked, brow furrowed.
“Hm. Tomorrow it going to be fun…” John said, pained.
“I’ve spent time with you for the last two days, both in which we’ve sat in the Owlery surrounded by feathers and poo. Is this a coincidence or do I need to invest in some wellies?” John said, teasingly.
The kitchen door opened.
John put his head in his hands, “I dread to think what you put in his Christmas card…”
“What?”
Eventually however, the autumnal air possessed them both, and John seemed to put the case out of his mind. Sherlock did too. Well… Pretended to. In the early weeks of October, he began sampling leaves and the rate at which different species changed colour, the rate at which they dried, their crispness…
Sherlock paused a moment, hand hovering over another string.
Sherlock snatched it, frantically flicking through the pages, ignoring the sounds of the photographed witches and wizards yelping as he roughly searched for the story.
On reaching the dormitory, Greg fell face first onto his four poster, and John quickly followed suit. No one else had come up to the dorm yet, and judging be Steven’s apparent snooze on the sofa, it seemed only two others would come up anyway.
“Erm…” Sherlock said, a bit uneasily, swaying where he stood.
Sherlock remained silent.
“What, so I do four and a half… you do… one and half?” Sherlock smirked.
“Fine,” And as the door opened, she murmured “I’m losing my ability to care, if I’m honest.”
“I’d think so, yep,” Sherlock added, stifling a giggle.
“Actually Sherlock, grab me a drink?” Mary yelled after him.
“Oh for God’s sake…” Sherlock whispered, wrenching open the window and allowing the dainty black owl to hop inside. He nipped him.
By the time dinner time was drawing in, and the group of them headed off to the great hall, Sherlock bid them goodnight and turned to go. John grabbed his arm.
“Ahh!” he yelled, popping in front of John’s face, grabbing him suddenly.
“Bloody hell – what-”
“He’s nice to me,” John said flatly.
“Just. Pick. One.” Growled Mrs Hrs Holmes through gritted teeth. “They are. The same. Colour”
“Just… perhaps try and be a bit… neater?”
“I might bake.”
After the presents were finished and the pile of wrapping paper and discarded bows of all shades of red and green and gold imaginable were tidied away, they all hurried off upstairs, arms full of their own treasures from that morning.
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock froze as Sebastian turned on his heals, followed moments later by Andrew.
John shrugged, finishing his drink, “Ah well.”
John looked down, and so did Sherlock, noticing for the first time the footprints they’d tramped into the entrance hall, and the many pools that had formed from their dripping robes and hair.
Sherlock took a deep breath.
“Oi Watson! Come on!” Bainbridge yelled from below, barely audible over the rushing of summer air across his ears. John did an about turn around the Hufflepuff stand, and dived down coolly to meet his keeper and the rest of their team.
“I don’t care- your hair’s got enough flour in it, I could make you into a hearty batch of cauldron cakes. Now go!”
“Don’t bother.”
“Too many. Busy,” Sherlock slurred, “Firewhisky!”
“My little brother is not nice, not to most people.”
Sherlock grimaced.
He felt awful.
Suddenly very excited indeed, he moved to the further two points of flame contact, and yet again found two pouches identical in size, tied with the same jade string. Once Sherlock had all three, he pulled off his gloves and daintily prodded them with his fingers. Damp?
“No.” Sherlock said vaguely, not bothering to face him this time, well aware his neighbour was obviously facing him.
"Took the words right out of my mouth." Greg chipped in, leaning across John to look at her. She was very pretty, with choppy, bright orange hair that stopped just below her ears, making her look remarkably like a pixie. Greg had had a minor crush on her in their 4th year when Molly started dating a fellow Hufflepuff, Tom. This was marginally odd as Harry, no matter how you dressed it up, was just "John with breasts and ginger", as Mike pointed out, and this image ended Greg's interest in her very quickly.
“What is?”
He folded his neatly trimmed square of parchment into a diamond and handed it to the small Black owl seated beside him.
“See ya.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The four of them sat there for a few minutes, until Sherlock’s nose decided to stop running. It had only been two punches from Sebastian, no stamping on his face, or anywhere else for that matter, but that didn’t make it much better.
“They’re not bows. And they mean quite a lot, in fact,” Sherlock snapped, pulling one from his pockets, “Aconite heated lightly, then ground into a fine powder becomes highly flammable. Practically gunpowder - whoever did this seems to have a theatrical touch, doing so on November the fifth…”
And then the searing pain in his left shoulder.
His heart was beating fast, his brain moving even faster. He daren’t hope that this was an actual one, an actual case…
“Good.”
The girl shrugged in response, before continuing on, “She’s still in bed. S’all I know,” she said over her shoulder.
Instead, he went to the surrounding shrubbery and walls of the courtyard itself. Whispering “Lumos” under his breath, he started carefully peeling through the bushes, holding his wand between his teeth.
“What year are you in?” Sherlock asked, rather sloppily.
Sherlock thanked her quietly before speeding out of the Hospital Wing. John went to follow, but Madam Pomfrey grabbed his arm.
John blinked. “That phial… next to you… on the desk?”
,” He ran a hand through his hair, “Alright?”
“Yep.”
John started looking about, flicking through shirts, jackets… but he knew what he wanted to get. Sherlock always attempted to wrap up warm, but his jumpers were so thin.
“Watson, inside please my lad, we’re about to start.”
John was staring at her, using all his might to stop himself swaying.
Sherlock stood there, a bit awkwardly, suddenly very aware of the colour of his scarf. McGonagall spotted him.
“Oh shut up!” John grunted, as Gareth let out a howl “Doesn’t speak to me for three weeks then pops up and steals my toast.”
“Play it. Not now- I mean- everyone’s sleeping I think… and I’ll be in even more less favour with your brother if I encouraged you to play music while they’re in bed-” John said lightly, but his gaze shifted to quite hopeful, “but… yeah.”
“Don’t!”
Once again, without a moment's hesitation, Sherlock knew it to be aconite. He pocketed it.
They all nodded.
Sherlock nodded, and gave himself a little shake, “Definitely.”
John’s face split into an embarrassed sort of smile, “Did you? Where was that encouragement yesterday afternoon?”
“I- I’m sorry! You’re right handed? – I’m – so…”
“Well, if you’re sure!” She chuckled, pulling off her apron, garishly patterned with holly leaves and real bells that jangled every time she breathed, and popping it over John’s head instead, “Take it away!”
John grinned, “Thought you said anywhere?”
John cleared his throat.
John stood up with a stretch, and Sherlock joined him. A dull ache pierced Sherlock between his eyes, and a few white and yellow spots littered his vision. He fell, a tad dazed, against the wall behind, to which John lunged instinctively for him, his arm locking firmly around Sherlock’s. He held him, patiently, as he steadied himself.
And she turned on her heal, taking one last look at the scene, before getting to the archway.
“Wait, there’s no address - is he at his home or Hogwarts?”
“Hm?” Sherlock said, brightly, shoving a handful of wizzbees into his face.
“I’m fine!” Sherlock snapped. Greg and Mike caught up to him, “Oh for God’s sake!”
“Hm?”
and the odd pumpkin or too.
“Thought you wanted to revise? If you won’t help me you may as well help yourself, mightn’t you?” Sherlock said, without looking up.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John tried to conceal the smile forming at the corners of his mouth. Sherlock, noticing, cleared his throat.
“Oh! Ah yes, good job, well done!” Sherlock said quickly.
Greg and Mike had come bustling in, but quickly shut up when they felt the tension in that small space.
“Perhaps,but he was heading out anyway. Besides, there’s a certain theatre to owl post that cannot be beaten, I’m sure mother will appreciate it,” Sherlock said earnestly, re-positioning himself on the window-ledge, “I really do forget how utterly tedious this place is when I’m at that… other tedious place.”
“So how much does he already know about me, do you reckon?” John teased.
Recently, she only wrote to question John and Harry’s living arrangements after the end of the school year, saying “You’re welcome at my home as long as you like, but I’d really like to know your plans for the future as soon as possible” in every letter she’d written. This was no exception.
They continued their awkward, yet joyful conversation for the remainder of the feast. John was worried at first Greg would embarrass him, but thankfully he was elbow deep in a steak and ale pie and failed to notice.
This left Sherlock alone in the compartment with John, nothing to be heard except John's gentle chuckling at his friend's expense. As his laughter petered out, there was a heavy silence, and neither knew whether to spark up conversation or not. This, however, was diffused quickly as John began rummaging in his trunk, which had been plonked beside him. Sherlock turned from the window and watched him carefully.
“So the photos?” John persisted.
“No- look,” Sherlock handed him the label, “'Sherlock, Merry Christmas from Gre-'”
After a pleasant hour or so, in which the floating candles dotted about above them began to melt into bizarre gloopy shapes, the feast had come and gone, the gold satin ribbon had flown from McGonagall’s wand and the school song bellowed at different pitches and rhythms and finally… It was time for bed. No sooner had the phrase “Bed time” vibrated to their ears, John was being pulled by his burgundy hood up into Gryffindor Tower, happy to be home.
John stared at him.
Talk of Sebastian moved quickly into potions; how John had been stuck with Seb all last year and still hadn’t escaped him, how he hadn’t done a potion correctly since the start of term, how Gareth was praying to get dropped from the subject entirely by purposefully being “more shit than I already am”
“Hang on!”
“Did you agree?”
“Well… well not eating slows everything else down so… Come on-”
John sighed.
Sherlock opened his eyes, the distant light ghosting through the curtains catching them in the shadows. He stared back.
Sherlock lurched forward in his seat,
“Could someone, I don’t know, have apparated?” he said quickly.
When he opened the door, however, Sherlock wasn’t there. John frowned,
Mycroft scoffed. Sherlock did not care in the slightest.
“In all fairness, Professor, Sherlock didn’t ask for this lady to write to him, he’s just trying to help-” John chimed in, desperately. Sherlock offered him a thankful smile.
“I see.”
“Sixth.”
Sherlock continued puffing away on the end of it quite happily after that. John, probably acting a bit 'too fine' with it suddenly burst out,
“The happiness of the season upon all of you,” she said proudly, looking happily about the pumpkins around her, “Happy Halloween from Hogwarts,” and as she spoke, a final flourish of bats flew from behind her, and the hall erupted in applause “Now- before you go…” she spoke above the crowd as students began to clamber excitedly from their seats, “Have fun, but keep your festivities appropriate.”
John sighed, trying to get comfy on the owl-dropping strewn surfaces…
“Come here-”
“No, you need to eat – I need to think” He said plainly.
They walked on, “Wait, we’re going to The Three Broomsticks right…?” John said, nervously.
As the week dragged on, Sherlock found he somehow saw very little of Jim around the grounds or the common room, or even the dorm. He knew himself to be somewhat of a recluse but this seemed a bit excessive, really. Any meetings they did have seemed standard enough, and yet… Sherlock didn’t know. Perhaps it was the fact he’d become quite friendly with Anderson, thus by default Sebastian. However Sherlock was quite sure, judging by the size of this Jim person, he’d be able to defend himself if he ever felt the need to ruin his life like the rest of them.
Greg slumped into his rickety chair with such weight, John was surprised it didn’t split beneath him.
“You know, don’t you?” John said heavily.
“That is where my bed is, yes.” Sherlock joked, but his eyes were uneasy, flitting back and forth from the Great Hall to John “I may just… wander a bit… you know. So I don’t run into them… once Seb’s gone to bed, you know, then I’ll…” But he trailed off, gesturing weakly in the foreboding direction of the dungeons.
John didn’t speak much to Greg that morning. He listened, and made agreeable sounds whenever Greg’s speech needed some kind of reply, but otherwise he sat at the breakfast table staring into his mug. Greg nodded to the doorway of the great hall suddenly, and John looked up, seeing an irritable looking Sherlock. John lifted a hand weakly to call him over, and tried not to be too endeared by how relieved Sherlock looked at this.
John leant back into his chair.
“Nevermind John,” Gareth snorted, “Maybe it’ll be four weeks till she comes over next?”
The rest of the day moved along relatively slowly, as Sundays often did. Sherlock kept whizzing off, checking the Owlery hourly, half hourly, waiting there. John didn't mind that; he'd reappear after a while, having tracked down John and Greg at their various positions around the grounds. It was only as the day began to draw to a close once again, that Sherlock appeared to John, alone now, sat in the courtyard reading his potions textbook. Well, not reading exactly... more accurately allowing his eyes to trace over the same paragraph again and again.
John stood, arms crossed over his chest as Sherlock bent over his desk, working almost manically.
Entering the great hall, where the tables were weighed down with biscuits, mugs and teapots for elevenses, John was relieved to see Greg sitting there, staring mournfully at his tea.
“No go on Watson, I do love hearing your opinion of me. It effects my life so much, honestly” He sneered. Andrew turned around too with an ugly laugh. “How’s the sister?” Seb winked, nodding in Harry’s direction “She’d be quite attractive if she wasn’t a mudblood dyke-” John and Greg both lunged forward, probably to throttle him painfully, sadly as Magnussen swept through the door.
Sherlock looked dismayed down at his pile of boring, unimportant, rubbish on the table.
he thought, yet quickened his pace as he knew the noise would attract Mrs Turner. He was proven right, when at the bottom of the wooden stairs he was met with an irritable, but kind looking witch in long indigo robes and night cap.
Although, everything had been calming staying with Sherlock. Warmth fluttered to his chest.
John smirked, and followed.
“A bit,” he lied.
“These photos – here - show the man to have a bruised neck and throat, as well as slight bruises around the nose, suggesting straight away that this was not suicide-”
“Good,” Sherlock said, his laughter ceasing, “Because I want to tell you more about that case,”
“But- What about the Sixth Year?” Greg said, nervously, glancing at John, who was lifting his head in dismay.
He pulled what appeared to be his Quidditch robe trousers from his bag, twisted and folded them repeatedly, before presenting them proudly before Sherlock’s bloody face.
“No. This is interesting.”
After a short while, footsteps returned, but different, this time. Familiar.
“Clearly. Same string on the bags of aconite and on the parcel, the events occurred the same evening, and both items have been purposely made damp,” Sherlock reeled off quickly, gesturing up to the ceiling, “Obviously”
Switching POV
“Right.”
But the door banged open.
“The Christmas holidays are soon,” Sherlock said, hoping he sounded nonchalant.
"M-mother did. And she sewed up the edges too." Sherlock replied, staring so hard at the window pane you'd have though it encrusted with previous jewels.
At this point, Mike, John and Sherlock would all have rather been locked in the dungeons with a mountain troll than stood there and watched.
It was very odd being in a muggle shop, something John hadn’t really thought about until that moment. There were no hangers rearranging themselves on the racks, no flowing robes upon said hangers, no candles bobbing up near the ceiling, or helper-owls perched upon the counter having a doze. Just a smiling lady behind a very boring looking desk. His heart clenched slightly.
John beamed. He hadn’t been able to take his mind off it since the night before, but had been afraid to ask in case Sherlock didn’t want him to know any more, which would be completely fine… but John was most relieved now, though of course tried his best to hide it.
“The case with the photographs.”
It was followed by laughter, cruel laughter, laughter that interrupting new and continuing cries and yelps of pain,
In this case, John couldn’t have been more right; Sherlock’s wand was only a few metres down the hill from them, must’ve been thrown after they’d caught him, and was back in Sherlock’s pocket within minutes. As for the cloak, it was found screwed up in a nearby shrub, grubby but intact. John helped Sherlock back into it, him wincing with each small movement, his slinged arm not in a sleeve.
“We can’t both stare. There’s a new boy. My house. My year in fact.”
“John.”
“Nope.”
John couldn’t find the energy to defend his intelligence that morning, which was just as well in his opinion, as deep down he was sure if they were to get into a battle of wits, Sherlock would win hands down, and frankly John was too bitter about their loss to Slytherin last summer, which now seemed even more humiliating.
“Fall off your broom you piece of shit!” Graham yelled, with complete earnest malice. Sherlock felt inclined to agree.
Cloak wrapped snugly round him and wand grasped tightly in hand, he stepped out into the bitter cold November night, to where a pile of charcoal and a sprinkling of ash now lingered from the bonfire the night before. This didn’t matter, however. He’d sussed out the remains of that that morning and it was that useless now.
“Password…” she asked, eyes piercing.
Sherlock had the suspicion he was falling asleep.
John giggled, “Brilliant, plus one’s it is.”
“What experiment?” John seemed always to be interested.
After ‘um’ing his way through a few seconds under Borage’s watery glare, Sherlock cleared his throat, nodding ‘subtly’ at him in the otherwise motionless class.
Sherlock frowned, “Yes?”
Sherlock smirked at him, which John was increasingly understanding meant he had missed something Sherlock found completely obvious.
“Good evening Poppy; a broken nose and potentially broken wrist.”
Sherlock continued to watch as John sped back to get his bags from further up the path, after mentioning something about getting his kit. It didn’t take long, he seemed to be eager to help.
John frowned.
“Thought as much… you are still coming tonight though, aren’t you?”
“Yes!” he said, a lot more brightly, “So at first glance I only noticed the bruising around the eyes surrounding the throat and nose, however on closer inspection there was also redness in the eyes, and a definite blueness on his lips, suggesting-”
Mycroft produced a small teapot, of no more than an inch high, from his jacket pocket. He set it down on the coffee table, and within a few moments it was pouring tea into two pristine teacups, bobbing excitedly in the air.
Sherlock’s first surprise was that John saved him a seat in Alchemy. Sherlock entered the classroom, late, hair a mess, face crumpled from the indentation of his bed sheets he’d been tucked up in mere minutes before. He felt the eyes of students fall upon him, however the professor didn’t look up. That’s when he heard John’s whisper, saw John beaming, and saw him tapping his watch teasingly. It was a pleasant surprise. The second surprise however, was less pleasant. Half an hour into the lesson, which meant half an hour into Sherlock staring at the ceiling, whilst correcting the professor under his breath, McGonagall entered their classroom.
As they sat and waited, Sherlock pulled his wand from his jeans, and pointed it at the discarded mug in his hand.
“Well yeah, they look the same.”
He made the logical decision to continue his journey to the far end of the hall with face angled down. This did result in him seeing only the bottoms of black trouser legs and the grubby soles of people’s shoes, the spilt and disregarded bits of food and the surprising amount of dropped cutlery, the cracked and time-worn slabs below his own pointed, immaculate shoes…
Sherlock headed downstairs, only just realising how late it had gotten, how long they’d been working, how his parents had in fact headed off to bed.
“Mycroft!” came the cheery voice of Sherlock’s father from the hallway.
“Follow me," She said coldly.
“Look. How about, from here onwards, we just stay out of each other’s personal, er, private… matters.”
Sherlock listened again. Only the sound of the distant group of students could be heard, still scaring themselves silly.
John shifted awkwardly behind him. The floorboards creaked.
Mr Holmes hummed in agreement, taking a bite out of his mince pie. John smiled understandingly and took a bite himself.
“Water?” he said, gesturing to John’s goblet.
“What, you didn’t deduce that?” John teased.
John passed it huffily to Sherlock, who skimmed over it before tying a small piece of string around it that he plucked from his pocket. He then handed it to Billie, alongside the idle message to his mother.
It was John, hand clasped tight around the door handle, glaring at Mycroft, the softness of his expression completely gone from his face.
The box itself was mostly dry apart from the flecks of snow that had evidently clung to it on it’s journey.
The page revealed the word ‘something’ in all capital letters, written in red, surrounded my question marks.
“Twice? Twice, yeah… Well it’s not okay, alright?”
“I love it,” Sherlock said firmly, and without any further pause, he pulled the jumper on over his pyjama shirt.
Sherlock’s interest spiked. He unwrapped the string quickly but carefully in order to keep it as intact as possible, before lifting the lid of the box. The box was velvet. He fumbled around inside, before feeling something woollen.
John nodded, but knew his face said otherwise.
John stared back at him. Suddenly, he felt his heart begin to beat a little faster.
“You’re mum’s had an... idea... Sherlock.” John said, a look of smugness on his face.
“Yes, you’re welcome to stay inside and set up for tonight’s party while I take care of this,” Sherlock sighed, grabbing a coat from the coat hook.
“Mr Holmes!” McGonagall spat
“Knob," was all Mike managed, before shaking his head, and tucking back in to his cereal.
“Now, I apologize deeply for those two children at the back interrupting our lesson before it even got started. But! We have someone important in our midst… Well, they think so anyway. He is just so “clever”, such a “genius”, so “ahead of his years” that batty old McGonagall thought it was appropriate to put the know-it-all in this class.” Some of the Slytherins began to giggle. “Stand up boy, stand up!” Magnussen said in his sickening fashion, leering at someone on the front row. “Come on now, I thought you were a genius? Don’t you know how to stand?” John and Greg exchanged confused looks,
“Cucurbita,” Sherlock said confidently. Greg and John nodded at her enthusiastically.
“My favourite colour…” Sherlock murmured, brushing soot gently off of the table.
When Friday rolled around, November the fifth, it was time for their annual bonfire praising the wizards who’d helped foil the gunpowder plot. Sherlock and John watched intently from the clock tower as Hagrid constructed the thing, sprinkling twigs and kindling, heaving logs and what looked like old bits of furniture from his hut, big enough to build the entire monstrosity all on its own. It was really quite a sight to see, it was just a pity John was too preoccupied to notice.
“Firewhisky?” John said, smirking.
“Oh don’t worry, practically everyone is” Sherlock said, taking another sip.
In beautiful unison, all fourteen players on the pitch mounted their brooms, and flew gracefully into the sky and began circling the crowds. John flew just metres from where they were and the applause was magnificent.
“No, but i want to sit down, and I will now torture you with the fact you will never know the truth...”
“Maybe made you throw up orange-”
“How’s your wrist feeling?” John asked kindly, peering over the table.
Sherlock gave him a little nod,
John looked up at him, with genuine surprise and thankfulness in his eyes. Sherlock looked up from the ridiculously interesting window pane and smiled.
“Party- I think?” John interrupted, “I think your mum said-”
John puzzled at him.
“What time is it?” Sherlock asked, rather messily.
Sherlock hummed in response, not looking up.
After a few surprisingly tense moments, the second whistle sounded, and John batted the quaffle into the air behind him. The game had begun.
Sherlock was not okay, he was terrified.
Twenty-minutes had passed, and Sherlock surprisingly had only been in his mind-palace for thirteen of these, when a sharp knock rattled the old oak door so suddenly, both he and his headmistress jumped out of their skins, McGonagall’s quill soaring into the air. Sherlock would have caught it, yet feared if he did so she’d ask him to join a Quidditch team, so naturally watched it fall instead, predicting the distance the ink would spray – Correctly, of course. McGonagall rose from her desk huffily, her navy robes flowing behind her as she approached the office door. On opening it with a heavy clunk, the sight she was met with took both her and Sherlock by great surprise.
“Sherlock!”
“I have no idea where he is?” John said suddenly, after his eyes had been flitting around the hall for a minute or two, “since when would he miss eating?”
“Then who are they from? You certainly seem popular” John said, nodding to the stack of parchment in his lap.
“You remember the password right?” John whispered to Sherlock, as they reached the top of the staircase leading to Gryffindor tower.
“Enough Mr Holmes, you will remain in here for the rest of break while I get on with these letters, and not a word out of you. Do you understand?”
John laughed. He loved Greg; he’d been his best mate since their first year at Hogwarts. They’d got on since the first feast, and Greg had always been there for John when needed. But, and John thought this in the kindest of ways, Greg was stupid. His heart was in the right place, but he was embarrassingly stupid. Don’t worry, however, John made it his mission in life, both at Hogwarts and when not, to make Greg and everyone else well aware of this fact.
Sherlock gave her an awkward sort of smile before turning to go.
Sherlock nodded. He’d in fact never been better.
Sherlock nodded again, and allowed John to slip his arm under his and to lift him (with barely any effort) to his feet.
“Yes, well remembered, which led us to the conclusion that it’d been planted for someone to find. Now that this parcel has been sent to me it has confirmed that-”
He pulled it up. It was what looked like a jester’s hat, in colours of green, purple orange and gold.
It had every other Christmas Eve since it happened but he really, really thought, somehow, that tonight it would be fine. But of course not. It was the same as always. Flashes of light, splinters of glass, the sound of shrieks and slamming of a door... and the sickening guilt that bled through him every single time.
yet these were damp…
“No, Carl, no cases yet,” He said tiresomely, “But I’ll let you know. How was the swim?”
Greg was pulled to his feet, terrified, face flushed a lovely scarlet colour. However, John didn't get up, he was too weak from laughing at the fear on his best friend's face, which was a shame for Greg, as if he was going to talk to Molly John was his preferred wing-man.
“True yes, but why practically turn yourself in?” He said, almost teasingly.
“Yeah” John said, grinning, “Go on”
(See the end of the chapter for
His heart was beating fast. His brain wasn’t quite sure what he was going to do but he was moving. He pushed past those around him, trying to get to the door.
“Steven’s already eighteen,” John said, turning to Sherlock eagerly, and after a moment’s pause, “you should come!”
“What?”
Sherlock broke from his daze to see Gareth brandishing the coffee pot under his nose.
The flames of the bonfire doubled, no, tripled in height in a sudden burst, flicking violently about itself, licking at the crowd, getting dangerously close to some students, including Sherlock and John themselves who’d thought themselves lucky at having pushed to the front.
“Could murder a cuppa, though,” John said quietly, before taking a slurp of his soup.
“Stop intruding in normal people’s lives,” he said softly. “Or, you know, piss off”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hm. That’d be telling- I won’t be able to help you in the exam, you know.”
John hummed in response, not really listening.
“Eh?”
“No. No they’re not. Well they weren’t, anyway.” John glared at him, fury burning beneath his eyes, waiting for the penny to drop.
“Come on, Sherlock. We haven’t seen you all summer, we’ve missed having our privacy invaded by a lanky friendless twat, haven’t we Phil?” Anderson nodded, his arms folded tightly across his chest.
“Erm… You okay to run?” John asked, with a slight shiver
“Yes,
Carefully, the two walked back to the castle without much conversation, just John ranting excessively about Sebastian and his cronies. Sherlock liked that. The evening meal was well underway when they reached the entrance hall and John’s stomach was growling excessively, where Sherlock asked if John would leave him be.
“You realise that whole… thing… probably took more effort than maybe, you know, just poking your head out the door and yelling-”
“Defence Against the Dark Arts first, I know.” Sherlock began pouring himself a coffee from the steaming pot in the middle of the table.
The boy nodded. “Home-schooled. My parents… they didn’t think it was working anymore.”
No one spoke for a few minutes, Mycroft was examining his umbrella, his father was up the bar ordering a few drinks, and his mother was sat there fuming, as if smoke was about to burst out of her ears any second, but trying to conceal it.
John felt his cheeks redden.
John wheeled round, halfway out the door, wrapping a scarf around himself.
“You never write to Molly,” John muttered, voice muffled through his book.
“Who are you kissing at midnight, Mike?” John cut in, bitterly.
. But there was something else… something different, something not quite mixing with the rest… that Sherlock was desperately trying to put his finger on. Sherlock shut his eyes, concentrating.
“Cases. You know. ‘My handbag’s trying to eat my cat’, ‘My husband’s gone missing’, or you know ‘My uncle’s been murdered! Solve it! Please!’ you get the idea.” Sherlock spoke with confidence, but John could tell there was a hint of anxiousness in his voice, a slight reddening in his cheeks. “It’s just a- just a little… hobby. Okay?”
“You’re fond,” Mycroft smirked.
“Good night?” Greg asked brightly, obviously rather full of firewhisky himself.
“But there is no other spell I know that has that same effect, the patterns of long strips of marks, the coloration of them-” he suddenly appeared quite uncomfortable “which means something a lot darker…”
“Yeah.”
*mwa*
“That is no excuse Mr Holmes. You were not given permission to leave his classroom, thus you are no allowed to do so on your own accord”
“Everything okay?”
The two of them sat down nervously.
The low mist that settled across the grounds that Sunday morning, with the wind howling through the treetops, the air cold and damp, was perfect for that day. Halloween had arrived at Hogwarts.
John may be an idiot… but it didn’t take a genius to work out what Sherlock’s deflation in mood was down to. Even Mr and Mrs Holmes looked tense.
The post-practise air wasn’t as quiet as John was used too; most students were usually at the feast at this time, par his fellow teammates who could be seen just entering the castle in the distance, and there was usually nothing to be heard but the screeching of owls, and every so often Hagrid’s booming chuckle because some new pet he’d obtained had nearly bitten his hand off… but John could swear that he heard students close by?
She was one of the only people who Sherlock talked to, and Sherlock was fairly certain she would much rather date him than that Geoff! But there we are.
“It means
In the days that followed, there was a definite buzz about the castle that Halloween was well and truly here. Pumpkins, some expertly carved by Sherlock and John themselves, started floating about the castle, the ghosts started jumping out at unsuspecting students who were late for class, and the corridors were constantly perfumed by the smell of pumpkin pie, pumpkin soup and pumpkin loaves from the kitchen’s below. By Friday lunchtime, when John and Sherlock had both finished their lessons for the week, John was practically leaping about in excitement for the weekend.
“Thanks guys,” Molly was flushed a gentle pink by this point.
“The reading people thing? That you do.”
Sherlock stared at his potion.
“I would prefer my concern going undetected. We have, what you’d call, a difficult relationship.”
He prodded him on the shoulder, apparently punctuating the question.
Sherlock snorted, “Sure. But not really the top of my list,” he said, pulling an aconite pouch from his pocket.
“Trying and failing. You’ve done nothing in the last ten minutes but draw what appears to be yourself on a broomstick-”
“Look – I only let him help on little ones, you know around the castle… Missing pets and belongings and things- What?” he said, rolling his eyes.
“Lessons aren’t important, John?”
Sherlock was not relaxed. It was not all going to be fine. He had, on the contrary, calculated twenty-six separate scenarios in which the party could end in disaster by the factor of spillages alone and was already regretting ever leaving John and his mother in a situation alone together.
John sighed, clearing his throat, not changing the subject whatsoever, “Greg, I think your pleasant morning is about to be made even better, or horribly awkward, as to be decided in the next five seconds”
“Ah…” Sherlock said, feeling the tops of his ears turning pink, “I’ll remember that.”
“You will tell her after though, won’t you?” he asked, hesitantly.
Sherlock glared as flecks of water from his hair flew onto the papers.
“Unlike you to ruin a potion Sherlock… Open wide.”
"Well," Sherlock said, sighing, "You're quite right. Nothing."
John had taken a few steps into the living room, before freezing in his place, as if not knowing where to put himself. He patted the back of the sofa with his palms awkwardly where he stood, and if Sherlock wasn’t mistaken, which he never was, even in the firelight he could see the smallest of flushes playing upon his cheeks.
John was too hot and bothered and longing for a pumpkin-pop to explain he wouldn’t need to, as this would be his final year at Hogwarts. With a forceful grunt from Greg, the pair stepped back onto the street, which was getting busier and busier as the minutes passed.
Sherlock sighed.
They continued their little stroll about the grounds, Mike moaning about the amount of Herbology homework he’d received, Greg talking wistfully about the probability of him ending up working for a house-elf the way his grades were going, all chatter to which Sherlock was saying very little. Glancing at him to check he was alright, John noticed that, although listening, he was looking at, well, everything else. There was a concentration in his eyes that flared up whenever a group or student or teacher passed them, his eyes flitting back and forth ever so subtly, squinting, as if he were reading something very fast, studying. From what he’d learned about Sherlock in the very short amount of time they’d known one another, it wasn’t that this surprised John, but intrigued him to how one person seemed to see so much.
"Set up what? Mummy’s laid out a spread to feed a small village of overtly hungry goblins, and the decorations look perfect now that I’ve seen to them, so relax.”
“Seriously, are you not concerned about those photographs?” Sherlock asked cockily, “Yes, of course someone could have got a bit of makeup, lay down, held their breath so no quivering nostrils show up in the photograph as it moves, but I ask you-” Sherlock was breathing heavily now “How can you be so sure those photo’s mean nothing-”
“Girlfriend? No. No… Not really my area.” Sherlock said, uninterested.
Sherlock smiled, opened the bag and unwrapped the paper, then carefully lifted out its contents. His mother looked at him, confused. He smiled, as what he was holding was not a green and silver woolly hat at all, but a burgundy and gold, slightly frayed tie.
Greg hummed thankfully in response, and very soon, both of them were swept off into a very foggy sleep.
“Doesn’t stop ever,” he chuckled, “Come on, let’s go get warm!” and with that he patted John on the back, and they all headed back to the Holmes cottage.
“You didn’t sleep well at all last night, and haven’t for a while judging by the bags under your eyes, you seem sensible enough so I can assume you weren’t out partying the night before school begins, that’s a terrible idea, so probably worrying about something. Worrying about what though? Maybe everything; your tie is from a second hand shop and your clothes are at least two years old judging by the fabric and the fit so you don’t have a lot of money to buy new ones frequently. Money trouble keeps many up at night. When your friends were in here they asked you about a “Harry”, you mentioned how she was in another compartment so she goes to Hogwarts. I’d say girlfriend but you’d probably sit with her, so sister it is. You dismissed the topic of your sister quickly, and yes you aren’t sitting together – bad relationship. Your stomach has rumbled fourteen times since you got to this compartment, but the food trolley’s gone past and you still haven’t got anything, but didn’t ask your friends for any either. Again money troubles - but you wish to keep it hidden from them. Your shirt is badly ironed, probably done it yourself - showing lack of parental figure or carer. As I was boarding the train I saw you and your sister arrive on the platform without accompaniment, and when Gareth mentioned he was homesick you looked very uncomfortable – you don’t enjoy your home life and probably won’t be going home for Christmas, however the lack of sensitivity by Gareth means he doesn’t know how you feel about it, so you are closed off about your private life.”
“Why the hell are we even doing this now, at - what half an hour before midnight? On New Years Eve?”
Sherlock squinted, which told John he was thinking it over.
“Sherlock-”
practically attached. If John went to get a drink, he’d grab Sherlock’s arm to ask him what he wanted, if Sherlock moved somewhere, John would most likely follow, even once grabbing onto Sherlock’s jumper sleeve in order to stay close as they moved through the crowd of people. Not that this was a bad thing. Not at all. He’d be happy spending New Years with only John, really. They’d spent basically the whole of Christmas alone, and that was more than pleasurable… He liked spending New Year’s with him too.
But after a few moments, the bluish smoke swirling in front of his face, Sherlock stopped abruptly, rather embarrassed all of a sudden.
“Good, yeah! Training up for the under fifteen’s wizarding gala in Cardiff in the Christmas holidays!”
“Anyway, better be off. Meeting Kate in The Three Broomsticks,” she stood, allowing her fingers to trace over Sherlock’s hand as she did, “You should join us,” she finalised, tucking a finger under Sherlock’s chin. John glared at her.
“Oh now you’ve done it,” John stood up, after grabbing a large handful of sludge and, before Sherlock could move, slapped his hand sloppily on the small of Sherlock’s back.
“Here,” John wafted a small tearing of parchment at him, “Your mum tried slipping it under your door earlier, but erm… you… burned it… want to see?”
“We studied together! We studied together! I don’t know why you weren’t here but-” the boy gave John’s right arm a forceful squeeze “thank you!”
Sherlock nodded, unable to wipe the smile that had spread across his face away.
It was Sebastian Wilkes, a wealthy Slytherin boy in the year above. He'd hated Sherlock ever since he'd openly deduced in third year that Seb was snogging Sally Donavon, a Ravenclaw girl of Sherlock and Anderson's year, in the male Quidditch changing rooms every Friday, and that their enthusiasm lead to them breaking off a shower cubicle door... This not only got the both of them a sizeable amount of detentions, but also put a tremendous strain on Sebastian and Philip Anderson’s friendship. (Sally being his girlfriend at the time). Sherlock didn’t mean to tell everyone, it just sort of happened… and God how he wished it hadn’t. Ever since, Sherlock had been branded by that group of students as a “sick pervert” a “teacher’s pet” a “twatfaced paedophile” and a “freak”, which now the majority of the school knew and used. He’d been unpopular from his very first day at Hogwarts School but, because of this one mistake, for the last two years he had been completely invisible to most students, an outcast… And to Seb and Anderson a walking target.
“I’d love to,” he said, almost surprised at himself, “You’re sure it’s okay, though?”
“Where’re we going?” John said, still through giggled breath.
John sighed, “Really?”
This particular time, he was checking the cotton pouches for fingerprints (using soot he had made himself, much to the dismay of John one quiet afternoon in the grounds, and spellotape).
He nodded to a small petridish that contained a minuscule amount of slightly grubby water.
“You two know each other?” John asked slowly, watching as Irene drummed her fingers along Sherlock’s arm.
“Yeah – yeah…”
Sherlock smiled.
“What?”
“That wasn’t supposed to happen, was it…?” John asked nervously, grabbing the elbow of Sherlock’s robe.
“Morning little brother,” she said brightly, taking a large bite, “Er? No jam?”
“Looks good, John said, brightly, “What time’s it start?”
John’s shoulders started to shake beneath Sherlock’s touch.
“'Course," Sherlock said.
Molly turned to Sherlock.
“Transferred…?” Sherlock slurred, pulling his hand away.
Sherlock nodded in its direction, and John joined him at the window. Hagrid was standing back, proudly, rubbing his hands free of dust and dirt and sofa stuffing from manhandling it all into the optimum burning structure.
“Yes, and you said I could wait until we got a reply from her-”
Settling down on the bank that was being lapped by the lake’s surface, John was finally able to talk about all Sherlock had introduced to him the night before, however Sherlock beat him to it;
“Stop apologising. I mean, yeah maybe insulting my parents the first time we actually talked wasn’t the best move.”
John, rather reluctantly, obliged. Mycroft handed him a cup of tea, and John couldn’t escape the feeling that he was suddenly at an interview instead of a nice “chat” with his friend’s brother.
“What’ve you been up to?” Mike asked.
It was Irene Adler, a tall, slim, very beautiful witch that John was very intimidated by. She perched beside them, her hands wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulders with her long black nails.
“It seems you have,” Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
“Yes! Told you I’d win!” Sherlock burst suddenly, bringing John back, “I told you, it’s all about the angle-”
John watched patiently as Sherlock’s eyes flitted across letter after letter.
“Wow-” Sherlock sighed.
“Besides it’d be nice for John and I to have some time alone,” he continued, “allow us to get better acquainted, don’t you think so, John?”
“Sher- Sherlock- Is that Sherlock?!”
“Just tea for me please, Greg.”
Sherlock swallowed, the sound of bubbling cauldrons and pots, and Mr and Mrs Holmes apparent attempt to make Mycroft play charades in the next room filling the silence.
“Who?”
More footsteps. Sherlock breathed,
“Ready to spend the weekend alone?” Anderson sneered as Sherlock went to leave the common room.
“Well, better go – get dry and stuff, you know,” He started to head off out of the clearing, “Oh and Sherlock, just let me know, yeah?”
“A week ago this would have been gold-”
Sherlock hummed in response.
Sherlock shook his head, lifting his wrist painfully with his other hand.
Before he knew it, Mrs Holmes was hugging them all goodnight, and John was up the stairs into Sherlock’s bedroom and wrapped in a thick duvet. The clock read five minutes past ten, and even Sherlock was snuggled up on the floor beside him, the candles fading to darkness with a small pop. Perhaps you do get an early night on Christmas eve, afterall.
“Family? What? No?”
Yep... these christmas chapters are horrreeendously late. Sorry... only... well... many more to go and it's now february... AHHH
“What an earth are you talking about?”
John slithered into his sheets fuzzily, pulling them tight up to his chin. As soon as his head hit the pillow, his vision started to spin slightly.
“Night,” And John leant across, taking a few attempts to blow out his lamp, “Party well-planned, Greg.”
It was Carl, walking out of the water, wrapping a large towel around himself and collecting a bundle of clothes, before running over to them, shivering a little. Sherlock gave John a sideways look.
“Write to me,” Mycroft continued, “Once a week, just… updating me on my brother’s little mishaps.”
But that seemed unimportant as, as soon as their shrill tones started to fill the common room, everyone got very excited and started doing… something… that Sherlock could not believe they called dancing.
Sherlock smiled,
Clara took her hand and the two of them went to join the festivities.
“Right” John agreed, sinking down beside him “So what are we doing?”
Gryffindor were now leading with eighty points to zero, and Sebastian was practically livid. You could see it in how he was flying, fast and jerky, less fluid and more ruthless.
"Wha..." he groaned, head lolling on his neck to look at them.
“Shut up. I can’t go back to Hogwarts with a tie that looks like a troll's shat on it. Come on!” With a very tired sigh, Greg lazily followed his short friend through the 11 o’clock crowd.
Sherlock, rather irritably, agreed and headed through the archway to the kitchen.
Before they knew it, they were coming to the end of their first term of the year at Hogwarts. December had arrived at the castle, and with it had brought the smallest sprinkling of snow on the rooftops, and a giddy mood which Sherlock despised.
John glared at her.
Sherlock finished his firewhisky with a large gulp.
It was mid-morning on Boxing Day, and John woke up to a fully washed and dressed, and very antsy, Sherlock Holmes, brandishing green string in his face with gloved hands.
George arrived just in time for McGonagall’s “Respect the residences!” “No alcohol par butter beer!” “Please don’t get lost!” speech, and once all that was over, they were ready to go, the three of them walking leisurely in the crisp morning air.
“Hurry up.”
“Who are these from?” John interrupted,
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock burst, staring at him “This murder’s unreported. There is a murderer out there that people have no clue about-”
As the weeks continued, and December became agonisingly close, professors in most classes found it fitting to set “end of first term tests” before the castle got gripped in full Christmas spirit, apparently as to “not detract from festivities once December came”. John understood the premise of this; he definitely didn’t want Christmas to be tainted by exams, but John wasn’t a fan of Christmas anyway, and honestly wished everyone had decided to have the tests a few weeks later.
Sherlock, under Graham’s persistent whining, had managed to convince him to join him in the Gryffindor stand. Even though he assured him no one would mind there, which Sherlock understood as he’d be cheering for John, but he wasn’t so sure how hard Sebastian would pummel him if he found out.
“Aren’t you going to tell McGonagall?” John asked, breathlessly, catching up to him.
“No I have not fallen over, I’m fine!” Sherlock eased himself up and looked at John, almost fearfully, “Thank you. You didn’t have to do that.”
Not knowing when “normal people” deemed acceptable to rise for the first meal of the day, he decided to sit and wait for the other members of his dormitory to toddle off, and he would follow, and hopefully that would meet John’s breakfasting standards.
“I can’t argue with that,” John laughed.
Sherlock found it difficult to shake the bitterness of the fake case from his mind, and the embarrassment of the fact the first case John saw of his was a complete disaster. But John didn’t seem to mind, which helped.
“What’s this?” Sherlock gestured to the record player in the corner.
“Well, obviously,” Sherlock said coolly, smiling.
“Erm, about what I said before, after alchemy… I sort of, maybe… might have overreacted…”
“Got it!” Steven beamed, “See you later!” and the two of them ran off excitedly.
“Shut up,” Sherlock elbowed him, “It’s been a slow term.”
“Well then you will find me in the library,” Sherlock said flatly.
“No, do! It’ll be fun! No one’ll mind,” John persisted, more eagerly, “And don’t tell me you wanna be in your own common room on Halloween night? With Sebastian lurking around?”
“Hey, don’t pretend you aren’t all wibbly wobbly too!”
“Having fun down there, are we?”
"Erm... Molly? Yeah, I’m sure she-"
He had plenty of questions about the very strange boy he’d met momentarily downstairs, but for now, this was enough. He was John’s friend, and now he could fall asleep.
They walked on a few steps, before Sherlock turned back and stamped in the pumpkin decorating the office’ front steps repeatedly, until the face on its carving was utterly destroyed.
“Oh yeah! Yeah it’ll be great!” John said excitedly.
“Oh, right!”
“Come on then,” Sherlock said wearily.
Sherlock obliged, and a spoonful of the icy cold purple goop slipped into his mouth, its fizzing audible as he swallowed.
had returned to him. He hadn’t given the incident on the train a second thought… until then.
Sherlock  stood back, eyes flitting over the table not dissimilar to the way he looked at a case…
The first Quidditch practise had arrived, and John practically flew there in excitement, sprinting as fast as his short legs could carry him to the pitch, broom in hand, as the clock struck four that afternoon. As soon as he’d stepped foot onto the sandy earthing, he threw his bags down and that was that, he was off. Kicking off hard, he bolted upwards into the cool evening air, doing so for the first time in months. He breathed deeply, inhaling the feeling of pure freedom into his lungs.
Dazed, he watched blankly as John pushed the others, stunned and still giggling, down the hill with his foot. Sherlock began to laugh, or shake he couldn’t tell… but whatever it was hurt so he stopped it abruptly.
Anyway! Thank you for reading, I know it's short but I just wanted to show you I still existed :') I hope you enjoyed reading this chapter, please let me know any thoughts! THANK YOU xx (sorry again!)
John stared at him, raising his eyebrows, and tilting his head meaningfully at him.
“You’re staring” Sherlock said quietly, swinging the now empty mug around his finger by the handle, whilst Greg and Mike continued their conversation ahead.
After dinner, when the two of them ran up to Sherlock’s room to get into their pyjamas, John had a thought.
John paused, glancing up the many stairs where he knew Greg was probably sitting pestering Molly’s friends, and anyone who’d listen, about how to get to know her.
“Aha, erm… Greg, Sherlock got into a little… mess… with Seb’s lot and-”
John stared at him.
“So it was a prank?”
"Well, you fought Sebastian-"
“I’m gonna use that,” John said, raising his eyebrows “Or, you know, use a flask?” he added, giving Sherlock a little nudge,
“Oh, it’s what she does. She’s just kidding,” He said, earnestly, through a mouthful.
He felt quite nervous. He knew barely anyone, and it was a regular occurrence that people who had met him wanted to ignore him entirely or punch him in the face. Which didn’t really bother Sherlock… but he didn’t want to cause a stir, ruin it for John or anything…
Sherlock was still sat on the floor.
“Meaning that connection of these objects to the lake is entirely intentional,” Sherlock reminded John, taking a sip of his tea.
And Sherlock agreed wholeheartedly; he’d been writhed with boredom all summer with the only newspaper clippings pinned to his wall being “lost doormat known to spontaneously combust; if found, keep it” and “my teapot is shrinking, I’ve not had a brew for three weeks”. His parents had gotten sick of finding him setting their weekly newspaper on fire, or leaving it to dissolve in his most-recent potion.
“That day on the train.”
Mike had sent him a Christmas card with a Honeyduke’s candy cane inside it, Molly had given him a pair of socks in a very… garish design, and he opened a parcel containing a pack of six festive Butterbeers from someone Sherlock couldn’t place.
John was sat at the Gryffindor table, Greg beside him, with what must of been the entirety of the Gryffindor quidditch team surrounding him. They very much respected John as a captain, looked to him for guidance, for tactics, for ways to “make Sebastian Wilkes cry”, but all John really wanted to do that morning was have a dozen cups of tea and a piece of toast.
“Still bitter, then…?”
“Well, Billie is part of the family, John,” Sherlock said, hopping down off of the fence and holding his arm out to welcome the owl, “It’s right that he is on the walk too.”
Sherlock sighed irritably.
Mrs Holmes adored her book of “Muggle festive traditions to be avoided at all costs - from Valentine’s Day to Christmas” that Sherlock had selected, and Mr Holmes enjoyed his one-day-a-year Christmas tie, which Sherlock was always asked to get and always loathed to buy, this year’s rendition being a bright green fluffy disaster with pompoms that glowed depending on how much alcohol you’d consumed. Even Mycroft’s sour face lightened when he opened his jade leather-bound journal with 'MH' printed on it.
“Where’s George?”
They both began sprinting across the glistening cobbled paths, slipping and sliding every time their feet collided with a patch of drenched grass, clinging to the lengths of each other’s cloaks as not to fall face first into the mud - Sherlock was not keen to be doing that again anytime soon. Not twice in one evening, at least. Sherlock could hear John’s laughter intermingled with the sound of the intense pitter-patter of raindrops slamming into the world around them. His hood slipped over his eyes, and he felt John’s cold hand tug him back into the right direction, as they both legged it to the glowing lanterns of the grand double doors, seeking their salvation.
“Exactly,” He exhaled deeply, slowing down now, “But. The ropes remain on a victim after the spell is administered; it’s why it’s so effective as a way of capture or…” Sherlock swallowed, “-torture.”
“Anyone else?” She continued, pulling her spectacles up to her eyes from where they hung about her neck.
Hogsmeade had outdone itself, to the point where Sherlock was even somewhat not completely unimpressed by it. Pumpkins of all varieties imaginable, carved in hundreds of different ways, littered the entrance to Hogsmeade village, and lanterns of orange, purple and green were strung from each lamppost, bobbing up and down. Smoke billowed from each chimney, perfuming the air with the smell of cinnamon and cider and of course, pumpkin pie.
John, giving him one last polite smile, which probably in reality appeared just as concerned as he felt, continued at a pace up the remaining staircase.
Sherlock pulled his pipe from the pocket of his robes, “Haven’t the foggiest.” he lit the end of it, “Thankfully, unlike this gunpowder my tobacco is flammable.”
“Nothing other than water the glove was soaked in. Dry, sealed box. Wet gloves. So, I’m just determining what substances it’s encountered.”
“Oh I’m only messing… Seb hasn’t mentioned anything to me about that so I don’t think he knows yet.” Sherlock’s stomach gave a sickening jolt -
“Oh look, Phillip, it’s our favourite freak. Out looking for someone to stalk are we, Sherly?”
Before any of them knew it, it was a week till Halloween, and the castle brimmed with excitement. An excitement Sherlock did not get swept up in.
“Ha, no. It’s been, quite a while now I suppose…” He trailed off, “But I’ve got quite a collection of these” he said proudly, giving it a little tap.
John swallowed.
The leaky cauldron grew silent for a few seconds, but soon enough the regular bustle was restored.
“So-” John moved, plonking himself on the windowsill next to him, “You’ve really found nothing?”
“B-but-”
“Well?”
John felt a knot form in his stomach.
“-who said she was staying with her sister, and came home yesterday morning to find him in bed, lifeless-”
The whistle was blown, and the players took their positions in the sky, John and Sebastian hovering face to face, the quaffle between them.
“Then try to struggle all the way to the end… little brother!” Mycroft, followed by his parents reached the wall, and slapped a long spindly hand onto his brother’s shoulder, “Finished shopping have we?”
John paused.
“What kind?” Greg said, wheeling round to look too,
“Yeah, I was, but you know how it is- powernap, shot of firewhisky, you’re back up! Ready to go! And midnight’s approaching, lads, we’ve got five minutes! Come on-” Greg lifted the front of the lampshade.
Sherlock smirked.
Greg smiled at him.
“What was that?”
“Pumpkins,” Sherlock suddenly yelled, firing a large spoonful of slimy, mushy pumpkin strings at John, landing right in his lap.
The too sat in silence for a few moments, Sherlock staring out of the archway longingly.
“Attention- the flames were too calculated, it was obvious - the fellow could have simply poured the contents of these pouches on to the fire and the job would’ve been done- but no. This person didn’t necessarily want to hurt us. They just wanted to show us they could.”
“I-I am,” John chuckled exasperatedly, “But a person is dead, Sherlock? I thought you were joking before, you actually solve murders?”
“We have lessons tomorrow,” John said glumly, taking another drink of firewhisky, burning his throat. “Shit.”
John then watched intently as Sherlock pulled a long thin letter opener from his robes, giving it a swift wipe on his sleeve before using it,
Dark green, good quality…
Sherlock stopped, the sound of pellets into tumbling into a dish ceased also. He turned cautiously, blinking profusely.
“Tainted.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked up from his lap and his mouth fell open and he began opening and closing it, as if to say something, but no sound came out.
“Greg, mate, you’ve had a bucket of toast - you’ll be fine.”
“So if you see him, you know where I am!”
“So- erm,” John cleared his throat, “You been playing?”
He may very much have been mistaken, but this year he did have a rabble of kind and… well… not uninteresting… acquaintances. And John had called him his friend, hadn’t he? And John was very interesting.
“Yes… well…” Sherlock frowned slightly, “I’m thorough. And I was bored.”
Picking up their bags and John still swearing under his breath, they set off for the best thing Hogsmeade had to offer; butterbeer.
“Oohhh… Is this because you don’t like pumpkin?”
“But John did check the paper so I-” Sherlock spat.
Once both had collapsed into the warmth of the entrance hall, John’s eyes fell warmly on the lanky figure that stood before him; cloak hung limp around his shoulders, heavy under the rainfall, and his curls of hair stuck flat to his forehead. His nose and cheeks were pink from cold, and his entire body was quivering.  It was rather endearing, not that John would admit that, of course. John quickly broke his gaze, once cleverly realising he must look just as drenched and dishevelled as his companion, and instead set about tidying his hair, running a few fingers through his fringe and smoothing it down at the back.
“Why would that be…?”
But Sherlock was quite, well… not completely miserable that morning,
“John, meet Billie” Sherlock said cheerily, pulling one glove off and stroking him gleefully with the end of his index finger “Don’t worry - he doesn’t bite; he likes to pretend he does, but really he just likes a lot of praise and a bit of company”
“What about Carl’s gloves?”
“If I come across one more puddle of mud in these corridors, I’ll be taking students to the Forbidden Forest myself!”
“Oh Sherlock it’ll be lovely- You know your father and myself are spending New Year’s Eve in Amsterdam with mother and Uncle Rudy and, as you and Mycroft refuse to join as usual, why don’t you have your own little celebration here?”
After dinner that evening, to which Sherlock hadn’t attended not to John’s surprise, John had stayed for half an hour or so after Greg had gone up to bed, along with many of the other students, to chat to a few of the Gryffindor team. All of them were blissfully content and not quite ready for the day of such a win to come to a close, going over and re-going over all the excitement of the day. John wasn’t overly happy in recollecting how he’d been very nearly been knocked off his broom by Sebastian, but he supposed it had made the match interesting
“Here he is,” Greg nodded towards a very disgruntled looking Sherlock, who, to John’s random dismay, was accompanied by Miss Adler, hanging happily on his arm.
John waved in response, before watching amusingly as that mop of dark curls, that towered above the heads’ of the swarm of first years, travelled on its way. Sighing defeated, however, as Sherlock turned down the corner at the end of the corridor, John felt a nagging sense of guilt growing in his stomach.
“Wow. That too. Okay. Well, otherwise let’s just stay out of each other’s way, alright?”
“Am I ever excited?”
“Who?” Sherlock said, slipping slightly of the arm of the chair, and had to hitch himself back up.
“Anything I can help with?” Carl asked brightly, setting himself down opposite.
"I know, I thought tomorrow was the first of September, not today... what a bloody panic eh?"
“He’s in the shed,” Mycroft murmured, as if it was the most taxing thing in the world, without glancing up from his paper, “He’s told us to tell you you’re not to go in there.”
He knew it worked on wizarding film, and even muggle film… but he’d only read a few times out of many that it worked on a physical photograph itself, and when he’d thought up the idea in theory, it seemed the easiest thing in the world… but now, as he was holding the photograph between some tongs above the near boiling liquid… he was starting to cold feet.
“Granny lives in Amsterdam,” Sherlock explained, allowing Billie to hop further up onto his arm, “I bet it’s beautiful at Christmas.”
“Yes well… Trifle’s a tad sturdier-” He smirked, pushing his bowl away from him irritably, and John began to chuckle quietly again, which made Sherlock’s smile grow slightly.
John’s eyes were screaming, and Jeanette knew this, and made a point of glaring right into them.
John breathed shakily, “I know that…It’s just so...”
John chuckled, but was quickly prompted into asking another question.
John started to peel it open, and Sherlock averted his gaze, focusing instead on the garishly patterned rug beneath their feet.
Sherlock bit his lip, nervously, but quickly corrected it.
When he looked up, however, he felt peculiar. He looked about him, the tall bookcases laden with dust and cobwebs, aching under the weight of it all, and had the oddest feeling that he was being watched by someone. He glanced about him. The floorboards creaked from somewhere near.
Again without looking away from his experiment, Sherlock elbowed John, rather hard, in the hip.
, when Mike, who’d been concentrating sternly on his thrid bowl of ‘Pixie Puffs’, finally clocked the injuries to Sherlock’s face,
“So, any point in asking how you’ve done it this time?” She said idly, pouring out a pale purple coloured potion into a phial, which began spluttering and fizzing the nearer Sherlock got to it.
When Sherlock finally arrived on the scene, later than usual, John could see the pure panic in his eyes at this array of determined-looking-people in scarlet and gold robes. John merely gave him an awkward sort of nod and gestured for him to sit down opposite.
“Some mail came for you, lad!” Mr Holmes said brightly, rising from the breakfast table and handing him three letters and four parcels, “Lucky they arrived in time”
“Can I make you all dinner?” he asked Mrs Holmes quietly, “A nice Christmas Eve soup? As, well, just a small thank you for your having me…”
“Fair enough- off you pop, then,” he said warmly, “thanks again!”
To anyone mischievously out and about the grounds at midnight that Saturday, Sherlock would have looked relatively… bizzare. However, to him, his actions made complete sense.
Sherlock did not like
Towards the end of the evening, nearing 10 o’clock, as John was sinking deeper into his armchair, Sarah decided to pop over.
“I can stop-”
“To put it simply, yes”
“Go to lost property?” John piped up, kindly.
John was listening intently. He couldn’t believe that, once said out loud, it all sounded almost trivial, but Sherlock seemed to be the only one noticing all of it
“And then removed the ropes themselves… and left.” Sherlock practically whispered.
“I, erm, I realised that last night I didn’t really ask before showing you them, I’m sort of… used to it by now,” He said softly, “I apologise.”
Without consulting John, he pulled out his wand and said “Incendio” as if it was of no worry whatsoever, and John was ready to pull them both into the safety of the lake when, but as Sherlock had said, the flame fizzled out at the contact with the aconite.
“What did you mean?”
“Fond,” Mycroft uttered once again, rising to meet him, “Be careful, there.”
By the time the lesson had come to a close, John knew very little more about anything if he were completely honest, except of course an update on the classroom’s ceiling,
“I should…”
Anderson wasn’t in the dormitory yet, which was an added bonus as Sherlock would have rather thrown himself off the astronomy tower than see Phillip’s ugly birdlike face before bedtime.
“Well, John, you’d know if you opened-”
“You tested her tears?” John’s mouth had fallen open slightly.
“Great. Just come back to the common room with us after the feast tonight, yeah?” Gary said kindly.
“John, maybe just-”
Sherlock stared at him, trying to conceal a smirk threatening to show.
“It’s a murder, John. In Hogsmeade. A good old-fashioned poisoning.” Sherlock was practically whispering, his eyes wild, “A man went to bed, all doors and windows locked, and never woke up the next morning.”
John looked up to find Sherlock within a weirdly large proxemics between them. He looked nervous.
Sherlock had to steady himself on the worktop, he was laughing so hard, “Your face!”
“Since when did you need a partner?”
“We’re good,” Sherlock said dully, barely noticing the contact.
John looked down and there was Sherlock, sat comfortably on the floor twiddling his wand through his fingers.
“Erm… throw stuff? You catch it?” Greg practically squeaked it fear.
“Ah I see! Lucky! Still got a whole other year in this place, then!”
“Er-wait!” Sherlock said urgently, just as John started to pry open the parchment, “Maybe you- don’t open that… here.”
“Oh it is just a well-known fact about salamander blood; unless told otherwise you add it in intervals of three drops.” John looked up at him, literally, (he was a good few inches taller than him, which was embarrassing as Sherlock was the younger one) whilst stirring his potion aimlessly, not knowing if he should be impressed or pissed off. “… And it says on the previous page - Your potion, John.” Sherlock finished, smiling slightly as John’s eyes flicked quickly back to his potion stopped his stirring abruptly and began to curse repeatedly under his breath. The potion passed its orange stage and had begun to turn green again…
That was something Sherlock noticed about John. Always asking questions.
“A Slytherin? Well, let’s see how friendly you are next Saturday. First quidditch match, John. You ready?” Sarah persisted, in spite of John’s apparent fit of giggles.
“I have told you time and time again Mr Holmes, Hogwarts is not yours to turn into a detective’s office. Do you understand me?”
“Right, well. I won’t keep you, see you later, John,” Sarah got up to leave, before nodding to Sherlock “See ya.”
Sherlock peered at her, allowing his teabag to hover in mid air,  “Why would I do that?”
John sighed, “Fine, what would you do?”
Greg had gone off to find Mike, who’d forgotten the Gryffindor password, and, in addition to his Hufflepuff scarf, it had caused quite a stir with the Fat Lady. That left John and Sherlock sat on the armchair, John in the chair and Sherlock on the arm.
was leant proudly and proceeded to stick his tongue abruptly down her throat.
and with December 23rd brought waking up at lunchtime, met with a frantic Mrs Holmes casting cleaning spells top to toe in their little cottage for the arrival of her eldest son.
It appeared that he and John weren’t as late as they’d once thought, as the puddings were still yet to materialize, to John’s obvious relief.
“But they were muggles. So, what happened was… what happened to muggles then. What they did for sport,” John spat, “They didn’t understand who they were. They just knew that they were bad. And they had to keep us safe.”
Sherlock slid onto the desk chair and began tinkering with it.
As he made his way to breakfast he noticed the corridors had been laced with garlands of spiders’ webs and in many cases, spiders, which he chose to ignore, and the ghosts were singing chorally from far distances of the castle. John felt very much in the spirit of things. Yet, although the breakfast of warmly spiced porridge and lashings of hot tea was delicious, and the floating pumpkins bobbed playfully above their heads, John was much more excited for the event planned later that evening in the Gryffindor common room.
“Well, better be off - it’s freezing out here!” Carl said brightly, “See you later.”
“Bit iffy?”
Sherlock furrowed his brows, nodding back to the goblet.
John recalled their findings of “Carl’s glove water” as he’d titled the sheet of parchment, listing the various species of pondweed they’d found traces of, two of which a variety specifically found in the north of Scotland, which placed it in and around Hogwarts, which although entirely obvious, as Sherlock pointed out, they also found the traces of said pondweed on the pouches from the bonfire.
Sherlock had written a letter to the victim as soon as they’d reached the Owlery, inquiring as to why she hadn’t reported the murder, or why it wasn’t in any of the papers. The two of them then sat there, waiting, for almost an hour.
“No!” Sherlock yelled.
Sherlock nodded solemnly in response.
“What if people get too warm?”
Sherlock pulled his wand from his pocket, and began spinning it between his fingers, without taking an eye off of John however.
After a few long seconds, Sherlock edged, only ever so slightly, closer.
“You sure?” John added.
Sherlock nodded earnestly in the direction of the doorway. John, without hesitation, exploded into a fit of giggles, which Sherlock didn’t know whether to question or be concerned about.
Sherlock started to move away, before leaning back one more time,
“This is Detective Inspector Lurgok. Based in Hogsmeade. He’d like a word with you too.”
He stepped into the kitchen and started preparing one extra-strong, extra-sweet tea, (for himself) and one decaffeinated tea, in two large mugs.
“I mean, look at this?
“Oh, it’s tea,” John said, producing two cups from the bag also, “Want some?”
It clicked.
“He’s in the year below” John added, looking at Sherlock with a facial expression of ‘Shit I’m really sorry’, yet, on the contrary, Sherlock found her rather fascinating, if a tad terrifying.
Sherlock waved a limp hand carelessly about him in reply, before folding back down to the lawn with a thump.
"Hiya," John said, surprisingly brightly, but there was a husk to his voice of someone who'd barely said two words prior to this all day.
“Irrelevant?” John protested, “Her husband’s been killed, Sherlock.”
Soon enough, it was December 23rd, or “Christmas eve eve” as John and Harry used to call it. Sherlock sneered at this (
He sat there for a long while, allowing the smoke to occupy him, but as the clock tower rang out for 10 o’clock, Sherlock decided to call it a night.
However, the week’s silence came to an end the following Friday, when suddenly, at dinner, as John entered the hall after quidditch practice, there  Sherlock was, sat with Greg. John couldn’t deny the slight relief that washed over him, however it was quickly replaced with feeling utterly pissed off.
“No, no it’s fine-” He said, swallowing.
Greg simply shrugged, and plonked himself on his own bed again,
“Thank you,” John replied softly, not before a few minutes of heavy silence had ticked quietly by.
“That’s amazing!” Greg said, too eagerly, “If you want, I’ll come help you practice for it!”
John waited for a further explanation, yet failing to receive one, simply waited beside him, not wishing to press further.
"Ever heard of a prank, boy?” he circled round from behind the desk, “What I want to know is, did you do this?”
“Well… maybe she doesn’t think you’re very good.” John teased back.
And all of a sudden, Sherlock was certain John’s eyes weren’t looking at his anymore, but somewhere else. Sherlock swallowed.
Before the boy could reply, his mother began fussing over his coat.
“Yeah, thanks,” John sighed, “How’s the bonfire coming then?”
After Sarah left, Sherlock felt the need to thank John… but he was sure this wasn’t the correct way to handle this social interaction. But still…
And then it was his turn. John handed him a squashy parcel impeccably wrapped in brown-paper.
The quill did as it was told.
“Yep.” Sherlock’s pupils were now aimed at the ceiling. “Those four beams are made of alder wood, yet the rest of them are made from aspen.”
John was taken aback, “Sarah, how are you?” he said, again, more slurred than it had appeared in his head.
“I’ve done shit. Fuck all. I’ve literally done nothing but sit in my garden and thrown the gnomes over the fence. That’s shit isn’t it? What’s the date?”
The door to the office started opening.
There were only two seats left unoccupied, and they were either side of…
John was puzzled, and tried not to appear downright offended-
Sherlock started to talk while still sipping the last mouthfuls of his first butterbeer, which proved fatal.
John made an agreeing sort of sound: Potions was hell, but John was good at it – in spite of what Magnussen told him – He always received high marks in the exams, and got an O in his OWLs at the end of fifth year. He would have dropped it at NEWT level if he hadn’t needed it. He also was told by his head of House, Sholto, to take Alchemy, which is seen to be one of the most difficult subjects to do. Then there was Greg: He loathed potions, and Magnussen knew this. It should be stated that Greg was terrible at potions. However, Greg openly slagging off the subject meant that although barely scraping a pass at his OWLs, Magnussen pulled some strings and forced him to take it at higher level, as punishment for being disruptive.
But Sherlock stropped on ahead of him.
Of course it happened that night.
“Your favourite colour is-”
“Oh- fine, thanks-”
“How’s Harry?” he asked after a moment’s pause, still glaring at his mug.
"Never mind."
It was clear Sherlock had not been listening; John shot him a look.
“Of course I bloody didn’t,” John said sternly, but he still failed to move any closer.
“Sherlock, what the-”
“Here’s one of the best places to do it, though, you can always hear if someone’s coming, see-”
John laughed “What?”
So quickly, he leapt onto his four poster, bouncing lightly on the freshly pressed green sheets, and drew its curtains. With a sigh of relief he flopped back onto his pillow heavily, allowing his eyes to gently close.
“Any luck?” he asked eagerly as Sherlock waved him in, running over to the door to shut it.
The ghosts flew in and around the tables, giving first years a scare, and the school choir sang proudly to open all the festivities. Suits of armour walked regimentally around the place, bats circled and swooped from the hall's highest corners over the tables, and John was fairly certain he caught professor McGonagall bobbing an apple on the high table.
John shivered at the thought.
He longed for them both to be back at Hogwarts, where she couldn't do all this shit... Alas, John knew she would still find ways... She always did.
“Nono- I only know the muggle way! You’re helping, your house!”
"You have got to be kidding me."
“No, I just know it’s the only lesson that correlates with my own timetable.”
Sherlock blinked at him.
Upon reaching Greg’s usual spot, which Sherlock realised by the repeatedly glued and re-glued soles and scuffed leather of John’s shoes crept into his eye line, Sherlock’s intuitive skills were not required to notice a definite… lack of Greg? John frowned, too having noticed the distinctly Gregless table, and gave a small shrug before dropping down onto the low wooden bench with a creak. Sherlock was very knowledgeable in the etiquette of dinner table positions, so scurried quickly around the table’s end to sit himself opposite.
It took no time at all to find them, the three of them, with their sleeves rolled up to the elbow and wands discarded on the lawn. Just catching sight of them, behind a section of shrubbery metres from the path, lit a fuse of anger that burnt right through him. They were huddled over this poor person, like crows on a corpse, each picking and kicking at them in turn, sneering all the while. John couldn’t take it.
“Brilliant, Sherlock,” John said, once again taken aback by the surge of information Sherlock was able to give at a moment’s notice.
“No, don’t be – it was a very sound deduction.” Sherlock sank down onto the grass with a grunt “If you hadn’t arrived it would hurt a lot worse, so.”
“Come on I was only looking, now why’s it different?” She said smiling, swinging herself down to sit beside him “I’ve got double-”
By the sound Sherlock made, you’d have thought John had actually hurt Sherlock in some way, elbowing John out the way and giving his head such a shake as to displace the flour that he completely forgot about the circle of pastry bobbing so gleefully above their heads.
A tall boy, dressed in a tweed suit and red tie and possessing an expression of complete sourness stepped into the small kitchen.
“Seriously, I can put it out, I don’t-”
And all of a rush, John was venturing out into a village he knew only by one vague wander around with Sherlock about four days ago, alone.
“No, no. I’ll take you up – don’t want you collapsing on one of the staircases after all this.”
Sherlock’s gaze drooped a little.
Irene looked to the Gryffindor table, then back to Sherlock. John was waving gently at him.
“Ah yes,” Sherlock laughed, but feeling very nervous at John’s… closeness… “I have been told if I cannot be a detective, jestering is the path to go down.”
Sherlock dropped his feet back down to the cold tiles in response, placing the jar down on the counter in triumph.
The Gryffindor seeker was now diving to the ground, the Slytherin’s close, but not close enough. Sherlock found himself cheering with the rest of them, as the two of them raced for the glistening golden dot in the distance. John, Sherlock could see, was cheering too, whilst defending the chaser’s attempts to get a few more shots in, and defending spectacularly.
“Bugger. Bugger. Bugger. Bugger. Bugger” This continued as he repeatedly thudded his head against the Gryffindor table. John grunted in agreement, pouring them both a cup of over-stewed tea to ease the pain.
Sherlock nodded “Thought you were on the firewhisky already, there.”
“What are you playing at?”
“Your Christmas spirit doesn’t last long, does it.”
John sighed, looking down at the page, “I’ve seen him sometimes talking to this girl, Janine-”
The Detective Inspector chuckled.
“Was that really it?” John snorted, taking another sip of his mulled drink, rum this time.
John scoffed, “We need to carve some pumpkins-”
“Dunno,” John said, looking up from his teacup, “But he’s meant to be coming later which should be- oh, hang on- post!”
“Mr Watson, sit down,” Borage snapped.
“So it is,” he hummed.
Knowing perhaps a handful of the piles and piles of guests in the Holmes’ cottage, Sherlock stayed practically attached to John’s side. In fact, Sherlock didn’t want to… deduce anything… as was usually his forte, but they
A small ball of warmth bloomed in John’s chest.
“What do people usually say?”
Sherlock turned to him, hands still moving across the parchment perkily, and smiled, unphased.
“You can help, you know?” John said, guiding some roughly chopped potatoes into a pot.
“Enjoy your bath, brother mine. John! Shall we have a cup of tea?”
“Probably binned the letter too,” Sherlock said bitterly, puffing on the end of his pipe, "Idiots.”
“But we’ve already been to Second Hand Robes! I just want to get an ice cream from Fortescues, and go home. That’s all I want, John… all I want… why am I wasting my holiday shopping with you?!” Greg said, sticking out his lower lip and giving it a wobble.
“I can assume your parents are neglectful?” Sherlock said quietly. He didn’t intend to say it I assure you, but he did. It just fell out of his mouth. And he regretted it. John lifted his head slowly, his jaw clenched.
John thought as he clambered into the water.
“What’s up?” Greg asked, kindly, pouring Sherlock a cup of tea.
“You’re worried I’m going to… what, hurt him? I’m his friend-”
“It’s-” John was wiping his eyes on his jumper, wheezing “Ah… It’s not… It’s Greg, Sherlock. His name is Greg.” He said finally, after much difficulty.
John’s hands were damp and white with cold as he peeled his flying gloves from them, shoving them into his robes and promptly swapping them for a thick woolen pair, as he sprinted from the changing rooms to the castle. Practice had gone well. He’d defended every shot put up by their chaser's brilliants, their seeker and beaters had done fantastically, and they were all riled up for the dreaded Slytherin vs Gryffindor match that following morning. So was John, although at present moment all he could truly focus on was getting to the Great Hall and getting a hot meal inside him.
Muggle Studies was atrocious. Well, it was to Sherlock, anyway. He’d sat next to Janine, who spent most of the lesson fawning over Sebastian, which made for wonderfully awkward conversation. To his surprise, however, the new boy, Jim if he weren’t mistaken, whose bed had been untouched the night before judging by the luggage and robes unmoved from it that morning, was sat at the front of the class. He wasn’t writing, similar to Sherlock, but he was listening, unlike Sherlock, and eagerly so, hands clasped tightly together on the desk, mouth twitching at the corners as the professor lectured to them why muggles were so interesting.
“Well,” John said, gently, “That’s great Sherlock, all that from one letter-”
John beamed.
“Your brother would like one of them!” John joked, staring down in quiet awe at the bubbling little object.
Mycroft grimaced.
And it was, indeed, all fine.
“What was?” Greg lunged forward to sit on John’s four-poster
“Yeah-”
“I know!” Sherlock sighed before his face fell, “McGonagall will take the case from me.”
Madam Pomfrey sighed warily and led Sherlock to the nearest, neatly folded, empty bed. John trotted after them, glancing interestedly at the few other students tucked up in crisp linens.
John smiled sadly, “Want me to come with you?”
“And that you aren’t colour blind!” John said, causing them both to roar even louder over their wrong coloured, multi-coloured mixtures.
"No reply, I take it?" John asked kindly, placing his textbook on the seat beside him.
He wasn’t wrong earlier, either, Mycroft was definitely surveying him the entire time, honing in on anything he said, especially when he spoke to Sherlock. He didn't like it. There’d been many occasions when John was acutely aware that Sherlock was doing a similar thing… reading him… but Sherlock’s gaze… felt different, felt interested, merely curious, and John had grown not to mind it… But Mycroft’s felt intrusive, judging almost.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open slightly, before he gave a tiny nod, “Thank you,” he said, in a gentle voice.
John had nothing.
Christmas is taking soooo much longer to write than I imagined, so sorry that Christmas is just about over and this is only the first of the Christmas chapters :') ah well, it can be a way to make Christmas last a bit longer... HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!
“Hang on, John!” yelled the crowd, and Sherlock watched, mouth very dry, wand at the ready to support him if he slipped any further.
“We’re not children,” Sherlock sulked, pushing himself up from the table irritably.
“Nothing, just,” John smiled to himself, “This normally how you spend your Boxing Day?”
“Sherlock!” John called, laughing, struggling to keep up “Where are you going?”
Sherlock froze. John’s mouth fell open.
Sherlock smiled, with a gentle nod.
“What was that?” he asked teasingly.
John then began to chuckle rather furiously as his moustache began to slide down his face.
They didn’t get very far, however, before they ran into Sherlock, himself. Though it wasn’t the nicest reunion John had ever had.
The two tightened their grip and lifted him an inch or two off of the floor, knocking Sherlock’s shopping bags to the ground. Sherlock tried desperately, but failed to pull his wand from his pocket.
The dozen or so students leapt from their seats as the bell chimed through the walls, shaking a dribble of sawdust from the ceiling.
Thankfully, by the time he crept into his dormitory, everyone was either asleep, or too tired to cause him any more irritation just then.
“Well- there is something still flaring up in these experiments, Sherlock, and-"
“You’re all very loud. I’m off to bed, there is no need for all this ceremony for the turning of a calendar page. Goodnight,” and he turned and retreated back along the landing.
Sherlock laughed, shaking his head "I have an inkling."
“Pfft, I dunno,” Sherlock said shrugging, sipping at a small cup of Ocky Rot.
“Well you’ve ignored me for the past week. What am I supposed to think?”
A smile tugged at the corner of John’s mouth, “Right, yeah.”
“That’ll be 9 galleons dear” She added.
“You not hungry?” John said, holding the warm bowl of soup tightly in his hands. He sat cross-legged on the carpet, and was clearly growing sleepy, watching the steam float up with heavy-lidded eyes.
John looked up at him. “W-what?”
“Yep,” Sherlock poured himself a cup of tea.
It was very nearly dark when Sherlock stepped into the cottage again. John’s present was carefully sealed in a parchment envelope, a very thin red ribbon tied neatly around it, hidden and inside his cloak so as to avoid any scrutiny, mainly from his brother.
“Definitely time for bed, now, I think,” John spat with a gulp.
And he left, his footsteps echoing sharply throughout the hollow corridor.
“Am I, erm… interrupting something?” he said, leaning against the door for support.
“A murderer potentially close to our school-” John added gravely, but on the contrary, Sherlock was beaming, his eyes sparkling excitedly.
"Still saving that seat in Alchemy?” Sherlock replied with a sigh, but a bit more brightly.
“But you hate Sebastian.”
“Yeah,” John cleared his throat “just-”
“Where do we want this, then?” John asked, looking about the lounge, which was covered top to toe, rather excessively, in multi-coloured bunting.
“Because I know it”
Sherlock stirred, eyelashes flickering against his cheeks. John stayed still, hand clasping his wrist. He stared at him.
John rarely got post, there was no one really to write to him who he didn’t see every day anyway, unless of course it was from-
“What was that?”
“I think Mummy's had too many mulled wines,” Sherlock said, giving her a warm smile.
“No, freak’s already up here.” Came Anderson’s annoying sneer as the door creaked open. Sherlock didn’t move, he simply squeezed his eyes even tighter shut, willing them to go to bed.
“I really hope you don’t, I rather enjoy cuppas and would grieve them immensely.”
“Hi-hi, Sherlock” she said gently “What- what happened to your face?”
“I dunno-” John said, with a sigh, “I mean, it’s not even in the papers yet, so I guess everyone’s stumped.”
“Er, yes exactly. Good, John. Now in the darkness of the Owlery, the colouring of the bruises on his face and body I thought to have been caused by a hands on approach, but in lamp light the marks appear to be redder in colour, red-raw, almost burn like, as if done by fabric or cloth or-"
“You expecting mail?” John asked breathlessly as he clambered up the uneven, straw covered steps of the Owlery, following the tail of Sherlock’s cloak.
“Hey-” he felt a hesitant tug at the sleeve of his robes “Er- Greg usually sits at the end of the Gryffindor table, probs just head down there? -” and with a small nod of encouragement, John strode off ahead. Sherlock, growing increasingly aware of the eyes of his “fellow Slytherins” falling upon him one by one, accompanied with giggles no one attempted to disguise, followed quickly.
“You’re not asking my brother out and wish me to pass the message on, are you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him.
“Yes. She’s nice I suppose," Sherlock added.
“Sure. Why not?” John said with a sigh.
It was Molly, bounding towards them from the path they’d just come down, waving excitedly. John liked Molly, it was just Greg in her presence that annoyed him, was all.
As soon as he stepped out of the dungeons, the smell of heavily buttered toast, pumpkin-syrup pancakes, freshly grilled bacon and, most appealing to Sherlock, freshly brewed coffee, wafted along the corridors invitingly. Surprisingly, the second he approached the entrance to the hall, he felt two hands slap onto his shoulders. His immediate response was to prepare for a beating, but –
He handed Sherlock the bag thought to contain his Slytherin woolly hat from Madam Malkin’s. Sherlock took it quickly, and handed John the other bag thought to contain John’s second-hand Gryffindor tie. They exchanged awkward thank-yous while Greg, still giggling away, picked up John’s remaining bags that had flown in his direction.
“What. It’s festive,” he said, spooning a warm morsel into his mouth.
So they moved to near where Carl’s friends had been sitting, not exactly however, as they’d left large damp patches from their soggy costumes.
There they remained, the two of them, for the rest of that traditionally festive day, Sherlock distilling and boiling and studying whilst John looked on. He was a very good spectator. Very good. He would give praise when praise was deserved, or even when Sherlock felt it wasn’t, would read up on something if Sherlock asked, would sit silently when he was doing something in need of great concentration. It was here, on this Boxing Day, that Sherlock felt they were really, for want of a better word, a team, which John would probably have thought ridiculous seeing as his main occupation whilst they worked was watching and waiting. But there was something so inherently comforting and supportive and perpetual about his being there.
John was suddenly curious, leaning forward across the table, “And?”
However, even he couldn’t deny there was a certain energy to the party, the sound of some old wizarding band he’d barely heard of blasting from the record player, intermingled with snatches of conversations, laughter blaring, and the hilarious giggling hiccups that were emerging from all of his friends as they drank shot after shot of giggle water was information he was happy to retain.
Sherlock blinked, “What thing?”
“Asphyxiation” John piped up.
“Right- you know what you’re doing so I’ll just-” Sherlock motioned towards the stool again.
“Do spit it out Carl, you’ll freeze to death.”
“Shut up,” John threw a pillow at him “He’s alright, you know.”
John grabbed at some snow from the windowsill and flicked it at him.
As always, when the plates dematerialised and the last drops of pumpkin juice had been drunk, the masses of students fled immediately, this time into the courtyard.
“Yeah, yeah okay,” Greg smiled, “What shall we get you?”
“Not to pry or anything… these from your family?”
At this, the entire Gryffindor team, and many of the supporters, threw John into the air in triumph. John begged to be put down as they began bobbing him about, but he looked almost illuminated with joy, eyes sparkling and head thrown back with laughter. Sherlock smiled up at him.
“Carl’s letter,” he said impatiently.
“Not good…?” Sherlock asked, nervously.
“What?”
“Funnily enough, I didn’t think that was something necessary to keep at the front of my mind.”
Surprisingly, days were swallowed up quickly, filled with the emptying of numerous teapots in front of the fire, with walking out into the fields before retreating back home to seek refuge from the cold, with conversations about nothing in particular, or about old newspaper clippings that Sherlock had pinned to his wall. Or his collection of ashes in tall glass phials upon his shelves. Or the skull that sat on top of a large pile of precariously stacked books. It was lovely, John thought. For all he’d known of Sherlock over the past few months, the boy who’d made him laugh at the back of classrooms, intrigued him with his lengthy rants about this case or that one, and made him run like a lunatic through the streets of Hogsmeade, it was completely different seeing him like this, seeing him comfortable and completely at ease.
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed.
Sherlock was crouching round the back of the Gryffindor quidditch stand, leaning against the wooden scaffold, curls falling over his face.
The year was drawing to a close and the pages of Sherlock’s bedroom calendar tore themselves away for the last few times… but Sherlock was unaware of the passage of time entirely. He flitted between bedroom to shed, shed to bedroom, John wafting coffee cups and mugs of tea under his nose every hour or so, and forcing him to go bed when, by the 28th, Sherlock hadn’t so much as had a five minute doze. (Sherlock had stropped rather ceremoniously, before falling asleep within mere moments of being pulled from his desk in his jeans and new green jumper without even getting under the covers.) John liked the hours in the shed much less, which was where their base was when a new experiment was required to begin before the many on the surface of Sherlock’s dresser had finished. He could see his breath wafting up in front of him and had to jump from foot to foot to stop himself from freezing to death while Sherlock compared the fibres of leaves and of dirt clods with shivering hands. Thankfully, for the whole Holmes family’s safety, the experiment’s results weren’t groundbreaking, but were... something. Enough to keep Sherlock tearing his curls out, at least.
Sherlock didn’t move, he looked at the floor suddenly. John walked slowly back up the few steps he’d just stepped down, sensing the sudden diminish of mood.
“They’re bluffing” Sherlock interrupted, starring at the mug of coffee clasped tightly between his hands.
Sherlock was still looking at him. John could see it in the corner of his eye but he kept his gaze on Mrs Holmes, excitedly fussing about the place, opening curtains and tapping her wand at the fireplace and the Christmas tree, her presence bringing light to the room. “Oh, go and get Mikey will you Sherlock?”
“Hi.”
“That’s… that’s not what people usually say.”
“Now, I don’t have the letter with me, but that’s unimportant,” he burst out all of a rush, “I studied the handwriting last night and I must say there are very few areas that suggest the shaking or anything like that as you’d probably expect from someone reporting a murder,” Sherlock reeled off almost instantly, before John had had chance to breathe “But that isn’t to say the scribe was guilty in any way-”
“I’ll have a look, Carl.”
“You’re both hopeless. Go! Wrap up!” Mrs Holmes chuckled, swatting him with her teatowel, “Oh, John-”
The conversation's duration had reached 32 minutes, and Sherlock had now progressed to reading the back cover of his book, when finally he decided to chime into the chatter, if only slightly.
They all awaited her answer, baited breath.
Sherlock was sat at a table tucked away in the furthermost corner of the library, his favourite, beside a small ornate window that overlooked the now slightly darkening grounds, and it was only about four o’clock.
“Hm, knew I was right about the teapot.” He mumbled to himself, beaming.
The door swung shut behind him, leaving John alone with the headmistress. She gave him a worrying sort of look.
John was nothing short of magnificent. Not a single attempt at scoring by the Slytherin’s was successful, and that was not due to lack of trying; they had really very good aim, all except one being completely on target. John was just too fast. Wherever he was in the air, John would get there in time to bat the quaffle away ceremoniously. It was breathtaking to watch, so elegant yet powerful at the same time… And he looked so brilliantly happy when he was doing it.
Sherlock frowned. “Neither did I.” He flopped down onto his bed, “And now someone is punishing me for it.”
“Yes. And so could more people’s family, if the person who did this isn’t found quickly” He replied, coolly “She is irrelevant; removed as a suspect”.
It was a lovely time all together, actually. Mr Holmes pulled out exploding snap as they polished off the last of the meal, something which even Mycroft got involved in. Mrs Holmes then passed around some mince pies she herself had made that morning, which were met by a smirk from Sherlock, and it strangely did feel like Christmas. More than it had done in some time, actually.
John perched himself on a nearby table, watching intently.
“I’m mocking you for being dramatic.”
“What’s that?” Sherlock said, rising slowly, after a while.
, as you people say," Sherlock said after a moment.
Sherlock blinked.
At about ten o’clock, while circulating, however, Sherlock came across a vaguely familiar looking blonde witch whom Mike had brought along. She was very pretty, hair cropped into a pixie cut and wearing a short blue dress. Sherlock smiled at her politely, yet she completely grabbed him as her greeting.
“I- I had a fall.” He said quietly.
“In my dorm?” Sherlock said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
She sighed.
Dinner went wonderfully, John thought, and all of them seemed to enjoy what he’d made them. Mycroft made no snide comments, and happily mopped three bowls of it up with large knobs of homemade bread Mr Holmes had made the day before. Sherlock polished off six bowls of the stuff, but John wasn’t sure if that was purely to comfort him. Mrs Holmes had even asked for the recipe, which was the real seal of approval.
He bolted upright, sweat dripping down his face, tear-tracks damp across his cheeks. The four members of his dormitory were still snoring away, even Greg. John swallowed hard, trying hard to regain control of his breathing. He felt a sob well up in his throat- but he pushed it down. He let his head fall heavy against his pillow, and covered his face with his hands. He lay there silently, watching as the light slowly leaked into the room. He didn’t sleep again that night.
