There was no answer, and Sherlock sighed. Of course there was no answer. John had gone up to his room, scared off by Sherlock’s -- offer? Demand?
John just stood and stared for one long moment. His mind reeled with thoughts, memories, trying to decrypt Sherlock’s statement. He gasped as he shook himself out of his thoughts. “Not an experiment?” he dared to ask, his voice low, cautiousness embedded into it, also showing in his expression and posture.
he thought, unable to bear the images his subconscious was tossing up.
It was exactly the wrong thing for him to say at exactly the wrong time. "Oh, right," said John, smacking his mug down on the table.
“Are you sure you’ve got everything?” Clara asked, but John only turned around to wordlessly open the front door and take a few steps outside.
Clara shook her head by way of answering. She wasn’t going to tell him. Not yet, anyway. She was going to wait if maybe Sherlock would call her. And she would make it alright, somehow. Hopefully. She sighed again.
"Thank you for the tea," Sherlock murmured out of the blue and took John's breath away in the process.
The consulting detective however, despite having deduced
“Running away...to Australia...” he murmured, more to himself than to Clara, but she shook her head.
that was John, resting his head on the elder man's chest.
John felt like flying. Sherlock felt like being in the centre of a hurricane, with John as his anchor. They completely and utterly loved it. John especially loved the acceptance and the praises. Sherlock just loved that John was happy. (His John, he thought, for once at peace with himself and the world.
With a sigh she turned on her heels, looking around. She spotted two closed doors next to the stairs. One of which would probably be the bathroom, the other Sherlock’s bedroom.
He squeezed his eyes shut again and wished for all the contradictory feelings inside him to quit whirling around and just stop. Stop and leave, like they'd never been there.
Lestrade and John stared after him, then Greg eyed John. "All right between you two?" he asked, brows furrowed.
"I want you, John."
“You really do have amends to make, don’t you, brother dear?” Mycroft asked as he glanced around the neatly cleaned flat, brows raised.
To what, she did not specify, before she turned around and headed for the bathroom.
Despite his insides still feeling tangled and twisted with hurt and rejection, the good doctor offered a smile in return and gave her a nod of his head by way of answering.
“You’re not running away, John. You’re just putting distance between you and him. Distance you bloody well need
"Excuse me?" she asked then, confusion and concern unaesthetically disordering her voice.
“Bah!” she exclaimed before putting both devices back into her purse. There was no use pondering about it.
And at that moment, right there in that hotel room, on the soft bed, staring at the ceiling, rubbing his forehead and feeling nothing but emotionally exhausted - right then, John wished for nothing more than to never have met Sherlock Holmes.
John restlessly wandered the streets of London with no particular destination in mind. By the time he was tired and his feet were aching, he'd walked a solid 14 miles in five hours, from the City of Westminster through Lambeth and down to Croydon. At least that's what the GPS in his phone told him.
Oh, that was it. That was
They parted and locked gazes, Sherlock still purring, John chuckling. "You really
"Sher-" he managed to breathe, voice cracking, "is that - am I dreaming? Did I die and go to heaven?"
sharing a flat with. And yes, he's the one I...
He moved to get up from the chair but was stopped by his flatmate's hand on his shoulder, pushing him back down.
"But there's going to be someone eventually. Someone else to take care of him. Surely even Greg would. Mrs Hudson definitely will. He's not alone. He's not lost without me. But I
deserve.”
"Again, Sherlock: I'm not sure I understand," John admitted. "If you were hurt because I wasn't here, then it should be better by now. I mean, I'm back, after all."
“Chances are he’s just going to give up on winning me back,” John said quietly. “Also, you’re making it sound as if we were a couple.”
between his legs, he turned to lie on his side. A glance at the clock on his phone told him it was barely three in the morning.
. . .
But then again, did he?
he repeated Mycroft's words, echoing in his head.
John gave her a tiny smile. “I’ll make us some tea, you sit and relax for a bit,” he said and before she could even think of objecting he was out of the living room and up to the task of finding some Darjeeling.
John let himself feel at home in her arms for a moment, just a moment, before he remembered where home
that? Do you think I
is supposed to mean.” She rolled her eyes and poked the screen again. “There, deleted,” she added and threw the phone on the sofa.
Sherlock swallowed, shivered, gasped. He could physically feel the touch now; even after all this time, it was so distinctively
Slowly John moved his finger over Sherlock’s chin and trailed it along his defined jawline, causing him to slightly open his mouth and his eyes to flutter half-closed. John gulped when he saw this reaction to the merest of touches, this tiny loss of control. His finger moved on, along the long and slender neck, the calloused fingertip momentarily rejoicing in the softness of the pale and perfect skin, before his hand gently slid down Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock shivered at the contact and locked eyes with him. When their fingers touched John halted, as if asking for permission to move on. He couldn’t hold back, though. He would go on now, there was no way back,
A delicate eyebrow threatened to disappear into soft, brownish-black curls. "No, John," Sherlock answered, "don't see,
"Yes, Sherlock. To me, it does," John said simply and fixed demanding eyes on his tall friend, who suddenly didn't seem so tall anymore, slumped down in his armchair.
He blinked. Shook his head. "I'm sorry, what did you say?"
I should apologise for the delay. Then again, between this and the previous chapter it's been about five or so years, so I doubt anyone is even going to come around and re-read this. If you do, however, I'm glad you've found your way here and I hope you will like this.
The storm inside calmed and slowed to a frigid wind.
Sherlock said venomously. John pulled his hands back as if from a hot stove.
), but nice. Just the idea of bumping into that Sherlock bloke at any moment gave her chills up and down her spine. There was no reason for her to be scared, yet she was. He didn’t sound like the most pleasant kind of person to put up with. And she didn’t want to put up with him, at all. Full stop.
John stared at Sherlock over the rim of the cup he had picked up, inhaling the scent of Earl Grey, honey and milk, marvelling in it. Sherlock watched him with a raised eyebrow.
"Yeah, no problem, mate. Take care, and I'll see you 'round." Lestrade grinned. John nodded again and turned around to run after Sherlock, hoping to catch up with him before he hailed a cab and headed off without him. Naturally he didn't manage it.
Right at the moment when he fell back into the cushions and closed his eyes, deciding to just ignore Mister Know-It-All wherever the hell he was hiding, the voice sounded again, close to his ear this time. "Come home," it said. "I miss you, John. I need you - just as much as you need me."
“Now, now, Sherlock. I could have him picked up for you, if you asked nicely.”
John’s fork fell onto his plate with a clangour. “You’re
He answered with a half-hearted, lopsided grin. She ushered him inside and took his jacket off him, practically manhandling him onto the couch in the living room and popping into the kitchen. "I'm gonna make us a nice cuppa and then you'll tell me everything," she shouted from inside the fridge as she dug free a fresh carton of milk.
"And I have no bloody clue if you'd want it, or if you'd just let me do it because you think it would make me happy and keep me interested. I don't want to push you out of your comfort zone. Plus, this," he gestured between the two of them with an outstretched finger, "is unexplored territory for me and I-"
"Yes, all right, fine, I have been embarrassed and I have been in denial, for God's sake," John cut him off. "But I eventually realised I can never have what I want no matter how desperately I want it, and I'll cope with that. Can we please drop it now?"
you deducing. What is it?"
"I have been hurt once, John," a voice that didn't sound at all like Sherlock's rich baritone said into the empty,
The detective blinked once again, his gaze shifting from John’s face to the plate and the cuppa on the coffee table and back. “Not hungry,” he exclaimed and freed his wrist out of John’s grasp.
"Is that
Absorbed in the situation she didn’t notice the second door to the bathroom open, and so she jumped upright and turned around with wide eyes when she heard a voice behind her.
The hand not busy with holding him up continued roaming over Sherlock's chest, deliberately avoiding his nipples, just caressing with almost no pressure applied - a ghostly touch, designed to have his lover aching for more.
with you? I just asked you to shift and you snapped my head off."
The creaking of the fifteenth step cut harshly through the total silence of the house and frightened the life out of Clara, making her jump the last two steps and falling backwards against the wall next to the door, gripping her heart through the thin layers of her tee shirt and cardigan.
Shaking his head, Mycroft looked the younger over, then let his eyes glide through the mess of a flat and back to his brother. “Not to interrupt your moping, brother dear, but I have been made aware your
John shifted uncomfortably on the bed. "Okay, fine, that's all very true. But how am I getting over him when he's constantly there, reminding me how much I
A jaguar prowling the Amazonian rainforest reminded him remarkably of Sherlock. An exhausted sigh escaped him before he could stop himself.
John didn't need to be asked twice - in fact, he didn't need to be asked at all. So he took the offered hand, intertwined their fingers and knelt on the edge of the bed, crawling closer to Sherlock before straddling his hips.
John inhaled deeply again, his breathing unsteady. “I -- don’t know. I don’t mind, not really, just... we’re not a couple, okay? Don’t get all...
“Where is he going?” came the silent enquiry from the sofa.
That drink was followed by one more and another and yet another one.
for my brother to abduct him. Again,” he ground out between clenched teeth.
Nimble violinist's fingers dug into John's shoulder blades. John tightened his grip on Sherlock's hips, lifted him off his feet and onto the kitchen table. Their lovemaking was passionate, hard and fast.
She kissed his cheek. “Okay. We wait until tonight and if you’re still sure of it, I’ll email Joan and set a date. For now, I’ll go and make a proper breakfast -- coffee alone just doesn’t do -- and you make a list of things that you need from Baker Street. We need to pick up some clothes for you, at the very least.” She pressed a kiss to his other cheek and flung herself off the couch, bouncing out of the living room.
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows.
about it. So your therapist keeps insisting, at any rate. I'm just here because you lack a human conversational partner," not-really-Sherlock answered plainly.
Silence flooded the room, and it all seemed very much back to normal and inclusively comfortable.
John - you may not want to put those out in the open for everyone to see."
John assumed that Sherlock was sitting in the almost dark room, in his favourite chair, in his customary pose, replaying the scene, maybe wondering where he went wrong this time. Or maybe he didn’t even understand that he did something Not Good. John really didn’t want to care right now. He strained his ears, but there was only silence drifting up to him.
He looked down at it from the corner of his eye, his tongue still roaming Sherlock's mouth, moaning into the kiss. With a last suck on a hot tongue he sat back up, again just looking at his lover for a moment before taking the hot, swollen knob into his hand, appreciating the silky feel of it, the heaviness, the warmth. A bead of pre-cum had formed at its tip and John rubbed his thumb over it, smearing it across the glans.
Sherlock blinked, then nodded. “You’re saying I’ve crossed a boundary tonight, too,” he murmured. Then fixed his eyes back on his food. “You don’t want me to touch you, then?”
"I - excuse me?" he enquired, blinking confusedly, hands still on Sherlock's bony hips.
“Soooo.... nothing weird happened?”
“Are you seriously trying to give me “the talk”.” She asks barley containing her laughter. Sherlock grimaces and says “believe me I would really rather not have this talk either but it seems to me like you need it.”
Andrea nods enthusiastically “ Yes Mistress” Danella pouts for a second slipping off her thong and sitting on the chair closest the door her dress pulled up to her waist legs spread apart.
Andrea attempts to give Sherlock the talk, and John makes a tiny mistake.
“So your brother knew, really who else did you tell?” Sherlock looked uncomfortable for a second.
“So that's another thing from the time you were “dead” that you weren’t planning on telling me then?”
“Mycroft told you about our childhood. What else did he tell you.” He seemed mad but not mad enough to ignore her again so she said. “Well, he told me all about you when I asked him to, you were kind of an obsession of mine. I had to go to the places you were going to be, I solved the cases alongside you, without you knowing of course, I asked him about every single detail of your life. I had to ask the exact right questions to get even a word out of him, but it was worth it I even met my um your mother.”
“I know what i’m doing i’m a doctor.” John snaps at her.
“ You have been constantly tapping your hand silently against the seat, which suggests you're waiting for your next fix, figuring out of what is easy, you have all the signs of a drunk just not the obvious ones, the way your hand curves suggests you're used to having a bottle in it, that along with the bulge in the side pocket of your bag that can only be made if a flask is constantly in it, not to mention the fact that you got caught which could mean that you were trying to or that you were to drunk to be careful.
“Hello Andrea I was wondering if you were busy tonight.”
Tell me everything you know about me, that I didn’t tell you so I can give you a little test on your “deductions”.”
“Shut up John, it's not an affair, it's my daughter.” Shock and disbelief crossed his face.
“Hello dad the case went as you'd expect nothing new to report, now if you'll excuse me...” She trails off then starts to go toward her room.
Danella freezes but is otherwise calm and says “well I didn't technically steal anything … yet.”
“What did you do to your leg you need to be more careful.”
“Who even asked you, who gave you the choice to keep something like this from me?”
“Who is she?” He asked trying to be nonchalant about it but failing miserably. Sherlock looked up at him feigning boredom while his mind was working.
“I do owe her, I owe her everything it's because of me she exists and it's because of me she’s in trouble so I will give her anything that she needs and right now that's a place to stay, John make up the guest bedroom she will be staying with us for a while.”
be private.”
Without missing a beat the woman says “Can I buy you a drink?” Andrea feels like falling, never in her life has a woman bought her a drink she's always the one buying, the dominant one, but this woman shows obvious dominant sighs and Andrea thinks, t
“You should know, you can fool your little pet but not me.”
Then she hangs up and Sherlock comes in. She motions for him to tie her dress in the back and says : “ I knew you were listening.”
“When did you...? You know i’m a doctor I could have fixed this way before now. ”
“They're not wrong you know, he could be really good for you.”
“ Look John I understand that you're upset but London is going to be under attack if you don’t help me.”
“If your going to be out all hours of the night at least have the decency to call first.” He speaks angrily but he looks completely calm, never taking his eyes off the book... though Andrea suspects he just doesn't want to look at her, afraid he will see much more than he ever wanted to know about her.
When she gets out of the shower she puts on loose pants and a sleeved shirt, knowing that it will hide most of the signs about her sexual activity then she goes downstairs to talk to Sherlock. When she gets downstairs she is not at all surprised to see that Sherlock hadn't moved an inch since she went upstairs. She sighs then sits down ready to get this “talk” over with.
Sherlock Holmes has returned.
“Like you could have raised a 6 year old while you were high off your latest drug.” Sherlock stood up and stormed out of the room, looking very much like a child throwing a temper tantrum.
“We are not talking.” He says matter of factly.
A crossed the world Andrea wakes up and pulls on her robe before getting up and sitting at the desk right next to the bed. The woman in the bed starts to wake up as she looks around her “Andrea what are you doing come back to bed.” The woman says sleepily. She rolls her eyes in her direction before closing the letter she was writing in an envelope and signing the front of it. Then she thinks
“fine you can help if you don't get in the way.”
“Suit yourself John, Andrea lets go.”
“Well, one, you changed your name to Sherlock. I mean, what kind of a name is Sherlock? Two, you really believe that crap? Of course I know normal people are not expendable. It was a test to see how much that doctor of yours has changed you. All the rest is true, but seriously you thought I hated normal people? Where would I be without those idiots, there would be nothing to steal and if everyone was the way we are, then no one would be! I don’t really get the logic of that. But seriously enough chatter, I really need to get out of here,” she said, smiling deviously. Not giving him time to reply, she ran off the direction she had come, clearly expecting him to follow.
“Andrea?” He asks her still not looking up.
Just then the food they ordered arrived. Sherlock had a sandwich that he didn't even touch and Andrea's was a gigantic cinnamon bun that she eagerly dug into when it was set down.
Andrea chuckles to herself, “Of course! Thats what I was missing you had easy access to the room the paintings were going to be in so you put some paint there that would only be seen after it had been dark in the room. Knowing people would freak out about it, you set off the alarm and were going to steal the painting after all the fuss about them had died down. Brilliant if I do say so myself.” Danella actually looks shocked for a second which Andrea counts as an accomplishment. “ But don't worry i'm not going to tell my father any of that, i'll simply distract him from the case.”
“I don't work with any of them, their just there to give a layman's opinion on cases.” She rolls her eyes at him.
“Actually no, you know what i'm not going... go have father daughter time, while I sit here and brood. And don't think your getting out of talking about this, we are going to have a very long talk the instant you get back.”
“You didn’t tell me, about her. I have a teenage daughter who you knew about for 12 years now and you didn’t tell me.”
Andrea meets a beautiful Mistress.
Danella chuckles, “well you didn't do to bad yourself definitely a record for the first time.” Andrea's beams at the compliment and wonders aloud.
“Forgive me for intruding sir but is everything alright.”
*********
“Oh and what kind of a night did you have.” Jade ask knowing that she doesn't want to know the answer.
“Oh, I get it, it's not that you're not, into him it's that you are scared of a committed relationship. I mean I do get it, you would probably find me dead before you found me sleeping in the same bed with someone twice.” He is suddenly flustered.
“Just a couple of days ago when we chased that identity thief. It didn’t really matter all that much so I just left it.” Sherlock says now, answering his question. John cursed under his breath
Andrea just laughs and more until she can hardly breath from laughing. “You read that way wrong, I made that list for him because he is clueless about sex and then you ha ha ha you didn't even notice he was trying to push you off, ha you're gonna have to do something big for him to forgive you for this.”
“ I didn’t tell her that she was my grandmother, since that's what you're worried about. No Mycroft canceled his day out with her when she was in town and said he felt bad about it so his assistant, me, would show her some sights in London with my all clearance pass. Well it was pretty good and she is really amazing I don’t even think you realize how much she sacrificed for you but I guess that's just what having kids is about, and after a couple times of taking her around sight seeing, she, she said I was like the daughter she never had, that was the only time I’ve ever cried in front of someone.”
count as a date. Visiting crime scenes together also doesn’t meet the requirements for a date. Okay. We don’t go on dates together.
Sherlock's eyes shot open, his long, pale fingers disappearing in his dark curls, grabbing them, pulling with all his strength. He cried out, heart stuttering to a halt for the briefest moment, only to pound against his chest with redoubled force.
“No, I’ll pull this off. I’m sure once I’m there I’ll get over him in no time. I won’t have time to drown in self-pity anyway.”
The smile on Sherlock's lips spoke volumes as he crossed the room to envelope his lover in a tight embrace. "I've missed you, John, my John," he murmured into his ear and placed a chaste kiss on the lobe.
. . .
" He bit his bottom lip harshly enough to draw blood. "God, Clara, I don't know what to do, don't know where to go. He just...he found out and threw me out and..." His breath hitched.
Their conversation died quite abruptly as a tall shadow loomed over them and a pair of long legs, clad in dress trousers, framed by a long, dark coat, entered John’s peripheral vision.
"Sleep now," John said, voice so soft it was almost inaudible, his lips moving against the top of Sherlock's head. "I love you," he added. There was no answer except for the calm, even breaths that came from the younger.
Sherlock raised a disbelieving eyebrow and John minutely shook his head, still smirking. “Seriously though, you can’t deduce my intentions? Obvious, isn’t it?” he teased.
"Oh, God," he whispered, "you sodding great arsehole, I've missed you two times more."
He sighed once more. It sounded loud to his ears in the silence of the empty living room. Getting up, he padded across the room and picked up his violin, plucking the strings to check their tune and adjusting them when necessary. The calloused tips of his fingers stroked rosin along the bow, careful and lovingly. Then, sitting down in his chair and closing his eyes, resting the instrument on his shoulder and lifting the bow to meet the strings, he began to play.
Sherlock realised he had made a mistake as soon as John left and he heard the door slam closed. But instead of running after him, apologising and maneuvering him back into their shared flat, he just sat there and stared, trying to will his heart to stop pounding relentlessly and painfully against his bones, reminding himself to breathe.
Yes, of course - Sherlock was dead. Because that's what people
. . .
I don't know why I could never bring myself to finishing this story before, but I'm determined to do so now, the last chapter should be posted within the month (seeing as I'm halfway through writing it).
John swallowed thickly. Yes, he was absolutely in need of a drink.
. . .
Sherlock just shook his head no. When John’s gaze still reflected wariness, he sighed. “Not anymore, no. I’ll admit that it was, before I understood that even I am not superior to sentiment, that even I couldn’t block it out of my life forever. You won’t let me, John. I don’t know how you did it, but you--” he cut himself off, his words reduced to a stutter, and hung his head.
Sherlock was just standing there, about five meters away, torn between fight or flight. Never in his life had he felt so small, so insecure, so lost.
. . .
He stared at his bleeding hand, mesmerised, feeling the blood roll warmly and soothingly over his pale skin, watching it drip onto the white porcelain of the sink. He smiled, breathing in and out calmly, peacefully.
Of course he loved Sherlock. Sherlock was his best friend. Sherlock had given him back his life. Sherlock had cured his limp. Sherlock - insufferable, arrogant Sherlock - was what kept him alive. Who wouldn't love a person like that, difficult and annoying or not?
John inwardly rejoiced at the sounds freeing themselves, his lips wandering farther down, tongue darting out to taste the slightly salty dampness of skin. He wanted to say how much he loved Sherlock, how much he wanted him, but he settled for lightly biting his collarbone instead, eliciting yet another helpless moan and fingernails digging deeper into his skin in response.
He'd received three more texts from Sherlock and one from Mycroft. Sherlock's had been trivial, except for one that asked him to come to a crime scene. And even though he really wanted to go, even though he needed the excitement, John didn't have the energy. It probably wasn't all that exciting anyway, he'd told himself.
Then, a tongue, warm and wet, met the skin just below the junction of Sherlock's jaw and made him dig his fingers into warm skin. He moaned, and John moaned in response.
Sherlock said nothing. His hands were shaking slightly, John noticed, and so he made a decision and headed up the stairs. Digging free a pair of socks from one of his drawers, he retrieved a pack of Pall Mall Blues he kept there, hidden away from Sherlock, in case the need should ever arise. He didn't like Sherlock smoking, but sometimes, just very rarely, it seemed to be necessary to let him. He opened the small paperboard container and took one of the cigarettes, then put the pack back into its hiding place.
He inhaled slowly and felt himself throb with arousal as she came closer, reaching around him and pressing her body full against his, right hand on the small of his back to hold him there.
John smiled and without thinking his fingers intertwined with Sherlock’s and his other hand sneaked up to his neck, lightly resting there before exerting just a tiny bit of pressure. Sherlock willingly followed John’s lead and craned his neck to meet John’s mouth. Their lips touched in their first kiss, clumsily at first, but soon moving in sync. It was chaste and tender, a mere prelude and a promise of what was to come.
Suddenly he was cold and shivering. He shut his eyes and swallowed deliberately. The chill faded and was replaced by warmth, welcomed, treasured, beloved warmth. It felt like Mummy's embrace, like her kiss to his forehead, like her voice whispering reassurances into his ear, telling him he was her treasure, the best thing that had ever happened to her, her gorgeous, beloved little boy.
“Well, I’m certainly glad you think so highly of me,” Sherlock spat, frowning. He didn’t need his brothers pity.
with me, that’s just... so wrong, on so many levels, Sherlock.”
So Sherlock could unsettle him just by staring, could control him just by fixing his eyes on him? This was messed up. How could they go on living with each other like that?
Subconscious-Sherlock huffed in annoyance. "Is that truly how you feel? Do you honestly think so little of him?"
“He’s apparently cleaned the kitchen, too. Enough of this. I’ll call your provider so they’ll block his number.”
Clara snorted. “Shush, you. Actually, it’s your sister’s, and actually, it was a gift from me. Anyway, you’re not answering that Sherlock bloke’s texts!”
the destructive force of them, the raging typhoon they unleashed inside of him.
conscious of his painfully drumming heart and the heat in his cheeks.
. . .
Sherlock buried his nose in John's hair and closed his eyes. A sense of homecoming, of peace and calm settled over him, making his limbs heavy, pleasantly weighing him down.
John lay back and imagined a woman, blonde, green eyes, beautiful face, full lips, C-cup breasts and a wonderful, round arse to hold onto. He could see her smile at him, white blouse unbuttoned low enough to show off her cleavage, skirt so short he could see the bottom curves of her buttocks and the hems of her lacy black panties.
John just blinked stupidly at her.  “You want me to run off to...Australia? But...you’re here, Harry’s here, I...”
It was John’s turn to blink at his friend in confusion. “It’s me? What’s me?” he asked, tipping his head to the left. His bare toes curled against the cool wooden floor boards and he shivered slightly, crossing his arms in front of his chest and rubbing over them to heat himself up.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but didn't question him. Instead, he pushed him farther into the kitchen, to the coffee pot waiting on the counter top. John made a noise of protest, but in fact he was far too tired to fight right now. He yawned again, stretching his arms to either side of his body, eyes squeezed shut.
He rounded a couple of corners and walked for about twenty minutes more, then found himself in a familiar neighbourhood. He looked around for a road sign, stopped in front of a very familiar white two-storey house right across the street from Montpelier Church, and blinked.
John shook his head slightly, still smiling. “Oh, Sherlock,” he said with not a small portion of fondness swaying in his tone. With three steps he was over at Sherlock’s side again, sitting on the armrest of his chair, throwing his left arm around his friend’s shoulders and pulling him briefly against his chest. “It’s called affection, Sherlock,” he explained eventually and, with a final squeeze of the detective’s left shoulder, got back up to his feet and headed back into the kitchen.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Then, "Bedroom."
"Fuck," John managed after a while, breath still coming raggedly. He blinked against the dim light the moon poured into the room and saw the image of Sherlock fading with what could only be described as the sexiest grin in history, like a very adult version of the Cheshire Cat.
With those softly spoken words, imaginary Sherlock leaned in and gently touched his lips to John's.
Clara quickly came back into the living room, two mugs of freshly brewed tea in hand, a generous amount of milk in both. "Do you still take yours with no sugar?" she enquired. John nodded, took the mug she was holding out for him, and cradled it in his chilly hands.
his best friend? - "What else could it be, then? Is there something I can do about it?"
But he quickly dismissed the idea, deciding it would do less harm to let the prat feel a little remorse than to stroke his already over-sized ego.
John grinned against Sherlock's lips when he heard the purr escaping that beautiful, pale, long throat. The fingers in the back of Sherlock's neck kept drawing tingly circles, making the tiny hair there stand on end, goose flesh spreading all over Sherlock's arms and back.
“Sherlock, I promised Mummy to protect--”
John smacked his cup back in the saucer, the porcelain complaining with an unpleasant screech. He huffed out a breath and narrowed his eyes at the other man. "And you think I wasn't aware of that? I bloody well knew
I can't stand it, John," he said, evenly.
“Why are you here?” John eventually asked after a few more moments of uncomfortable silence, no longer able to bear the anticipation.
The rooftop, the call Sherlock had given him, the tears both of them shed. The plain black headstone in that graveyard. The miracle he prayed for every godforsaken day and night, the one that never came, would never come.
He took in a deep, calming breath. Exhaled steadily. Took in another. "Nothing I'll have to apologise for," he muttered and went to sleep without cleaning up the mess he'd made.
John licked his lips and bowed down to touch his mouth to Sherlock's once again, but this time he wouldn't keep up the simple, chaste movement of lips against lips. As he felt Sherlock responding, he opened his mouth to run his tongue along Sherlock's bottom lip, causing the detective to part his lips to let a surprised gasp escape. John used this moment to his advantage and sucked the lush flesh into his mouth, gently biting down and running his tongue along the inside.
Clara grinned. “Well, you are, of sorts.” She then shook her head. “Look, I don’t know that guy, but I’ve heard enough stories about him to know he’s pretty persistent. He won’t just give up on you. Not so easily, I don’t think.” She smiled at John, “It’ll be alright. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll go and hide that phone -- if I’m not allowed to block his number, I’ll at least keep it away from you. I’ll check it tonight for any more texts. In the meantime, you could start on your coffee and put your trousers on.” She winked at him as she got up and left the living room.
“Hey,” Clara scolded in mock-offense, “it’s cozy and fluffy and my little sister was conceived on that!”
"So, are you here to collect the rest of your belongings, or are you staying?" Sherlock would not get an answer. Not just now, anyway.
Turning his gaze to his brother he sucked in a deep breath before whispering, “Everything.”
me. And I know I’ve not always been good for you, but I want to try and be better. I need to fix this, fix us, because even when I often disregard your feelings, I still cherish you. I can’t promise I’ll ever be able to feel about you the way you want me to, if I can ever love you like that, but I want to try. I want to be good for you, there for you, the same way you have always been there for me all this time. I know I certainly do not deserve it, but please, John,
Sherlock took a sip of his tea and closed his eyes, inhaling deeply, preparing, from the looks of it, for what he was about to say. "After I realised you probably weren't going to come back. I didn't like... what it did to me. I was hurting... somewhere inside. Therefore, I tried to delete you, to make it stop. It didn't do any good."
He squirmed uncomfortably and glanced down to confirm that yes, he had a raging hard-on taunting him through the cotton of his pants.
She put the mugs down on the coffee table before she dismissively waved her hand. “Don’t mention it, hun. You’ve done so much for me and your sister, I’m glad that now
Sherlock slowly lowered the cup into its saucer and bent forward to place both items on the floor. The fluid movement brought a shift in the air and some of Sherlock’s scent wafted in John’s direction. His nostrils flared and he closed his eyes for a moment, but not quick enough, and so he couldn’t help noticing the elegant curve of Sherlock’s neck and the litheness of his body. Sherlock remained in that position for a second and peered up at him from underneath his eyelashes.
The incident was never spoken of again, yet it wouldn't let go of John's heart, mind and soul, wouldn't stop burning him with white-hot passion.
from Buckingham Palace and smiled at the memory.
"I would do anything to stop it, because really, Sherlock? Do you think I
"Oh God, yes," he hissed softly, and imagined her thigh pressing between his legs, rubbing at his prick. Her breasts against his chest felt so good, so right. He let her catch his lips with hers, moving against them, prying them open. Her skillful mouth sucked at his tongue and he moaned.
With a grunt, John got up and started to undress. He let all his clothes fall in a heap on the floor, not bothering with putting them on the chair next to his bed as he would normally do. Old habits die hard and John Watson was a tidy man, years of military life had left deep traces. But today he didn’t even bother with his nightly ablutions and went to bed as he was.
“Is it?” Sherlock asked with an amused quirk of one eyebrow. “I wasn’t aware that my looking at you was discomforting. But then the faint blush and the disconcertment in your posture are clear signs I shouldn’t have missed.”
“You’re probably right,” John said when Clara returned from her shower. “I should get away from Sherlock, as far as possible.”
Snatching a glass from the cupboard above the fridge, he mixed himself the first drink and downed it in one long gulp.
“That would be outstanding,” John smiled, more than grateful for the offer.
When Sherlock spoke again, John thought he must have misheard. Or perhaps this was another dream (and if so, he never wanted to wake up). "Go ahead, John, I'll allow it," Sherlock said, and John could do nothing but gape at him.
“Stop right there. Did you
When he mentally stepped back and considered it, the silent bliss suddenly felt odd. Just minutes before he had felt nauseated and dizzy - hell, he'd been scared to enter his own damn flat. But now, with Sherlock sitting across from him, his eyes roaming John's face and body, no doubt making quick deductions and filing them away for later use, John was blissfully calm.
He felt his nerves calm down with every moment that passed, his breathing became more stable with each breath he took. He sighed.
Who the hell did Mycroft think he was anyway, trying to order him around like that? John's anger was short-lived, and he swallowed hard, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. Then he tossed the phone on his bed and shook his head. No. He couldn't. He wasn't ready.
across the living room. He spreads his arms and before John understands what’s happening, his nose collides with his best friend’s collarbone. He drops his bag and returns the hug, inhales the familiar scent lingering somewhere between skin and shirt. He smiles.
Sherlock just shrugged. "I conclude it wasn't about missing you, then."
. . .
He stretched again and reached for his phone to check the time. It buzzed in his hands: a text from Sherlock. John inhaled deeply, bracing for whatever lunatic idea his friend wanted to involve him in this time, and opened it.
The taller man snorted. “It’s called affection, John,” he mimicked the statement that had started it all. This stupid, useless experiment that all but drove John away instead of pulling him in. Yep, sulking, indeed.
John finally curled his lips around the rim of the cup and took a sip, closing his eyes and rolling the liquid around in his mouth to savour the rich taste of it before swallowing and putting the cup back into its saucer. His heart jumped, swelling with a sudden rush of love for his lunatic flatmate as he stared at the tea.
John was rendered speechless. His breath taken away, he was gaping at his friend-gone-lover. Then, after several blinks and hastily inhaled breaths, he took Sherlock's face in both his hands and kissed him, offering all his love and devotion to him with this one, simple touch, stroking his thumbs along those incredibly high cheekbones.
Sherlock cleared his throat and John took a swig of tea, mouth suddenly dry.
Entering the living room she looked around for John. He was standing by the front door with his bag next to his feet, waiting. “Right, then,” she sighed and nodded to him. He returned the gesture and picked up his belongings.
he thought and his heart clenched tighter in his chest.
His phone buzzed, but the detective didn’t have the energy to sit up and look for it, much less get up and pick it up. Instead, he closed his green-grey eyes and inhaled another deep breath in a vain attempt to calm the storm inside of him.
Sherlock exhaled harshly and turned back to his microscope. "Whatsoever you're going to do, I would greatly appreciate if you'd make an effort to contain your foul mood. I have work to do and it's putting me off."
Sherlock shot him a questioning look. “Whatever for?” he asked and John rolled his eyes with a smirk.
John is...gone. You made him turn his back on you. Much like you made anyone else leave. Because you thought you're better off alone. Because you thought being alone would protect you from getting hurt. But if other's don't hurt you, the loneliness will. You can't...mustn't be alone. You're dangerous when you're alone." He took several shuddering breaths at the end of his monologue and bit his lip again, long fingers massaging his temples. John would come back. He was
The detective pouted, but waited, dropping his hands to John's shoulders. "You're having second thoughts," he exclaimed evenly, certain of the correctness of his deduction.
"I love you."
Sherlock looked down on their hands, John’s smaller one resting on his own, and this touch was everything, was all he had kept back, was all he wanted. “John,” he whispered, his voice raw and dark, his fingers twitching against the warm ones of his friend, “John, touch me.”
By the end of his explanation she was bubbling over with excitement.
“For half an hour, I‘m sure the pilot has better things to do than wait around here, who’s getting off?”
“Whatever you say.” She smiles knowingly. She ends up falling asleep on Sherlock's shoulder. He looks down at her, hardly believing he could make such an amazing person, or a person at all for that matter. He runs his hand over her hair gently so not to wake her and then he whispers to her sleeping form.
She turned back to Sherlock, “okay fine, explain how you knew all those things.”
“Well I have to be in Russia and this is Japan so I’m pretty sure it's you.”
“Don't be jealous. I'm staying at your house now aren't I, if I'd wanted, I could have easily gone back to the house I was practically raised in.”
“Of course, I also love your blog.”
“Well I didn't exactly plan it that way, it just sort of... happened.” She is nervous now putting her hand behind her head in a guilty stance. He still doesn't look up just nods and says:
Sherlock is beat red now and he stops her “Okay, okay I get it I won't question your life choices anymore okay?”
Andrea assess the situation and when she realizes what happened, she starts laughing. “You idiot.” she tells him when her breath comes back to her. He just looks up at her confused his face red.
Which he did, to a police car parked at the edge of the grave yard. She got in the passenger side door. Sherlock, without hesitation, jumped in the back. Another girl with shoulder length blue hair and almond colored eyes was in the driver seat and she drove off the instant Sherlock closed the door.
“I thought we agreed we weren't going to fight about this, he's my father and I need to spend time with him, remember you got to see me every day for 10 years. He doesn't have that time.”
“I was right you do work in the government in fact you work for my brother as his personal secretary, ha I can’t wait to see his face when he hears you’re his niece.” She just looked at him for a second and then it finally clicked.
He rushed through the deduction with a face that said, even though he was enjoying it, he felt like she was making fun of him.
“Well there is this one case i'm on.” She got very exited and nearly shouted “Well tell me about it.”
“Anthea what are you doing here?”
He stepped out from behind the tree and was about to say some of what he just thought when she burst into a fit of laughter.
“You were alive that whole time and you didn’t think to tell me, do you have any idea how hard these couple years have been on me.” John was whisper yelling at Sherlock tears in his eyes. John's date just awkwardly leaned against the side of the building watching it all unfold. Sherlock looked at John who was choking back tears.
Sherlock and Andrea go into separate aisles on the plane. Hours have passed by when he gets up and sits on the aisle a crossed from hers . She is reading a book with her legs propped up on the edge of the seat in front of her. She doesn’t even look up when he sits down, he clears his throat, still no response then he says
Sherlock left John’s room and went down to the kitchen to get his morning tea. John got up shortly after that and went outside to check the mail as is their usual morning routine. When he got back up his entire atmosphere had changed, when he went to get the mail he was smiling and cheery, when he got back the smile was still on his face but it was obviously fake now, and he was waiting to ask Sherlock a question. Sherlock could tell from the way his mouth almost opened and the way his eyes kept going from the stack of mail to him. Obviously something in the mail had upset him in a jealous sort of way and it made Sherlock curious, but he knew John would spit it out as soon as he couldn’t help his curiosity, so he waited patiently while John tried to control his features.
You have the hair of someone who's lived in the same place for a while ponytails on your wrist that have been well worn in your very clean and you did all your crimes secretly which means you were trying to keep them from someone who’s helped you, only plausible conclusion it's the person who took you off the streets, and you don’t have the haunted look so you couldn’t have been out there for long.
“Relax I was kidding. But we should see which days work best , I know you'll be busy with your new... distraction.”
“THats awesome! Let me help.”
“No, I said it was nothing, it really is nothing.”
“There's a new gallery opening up at this art museum and before they even announced that it was going to open, one of the exhibits got stolen. At first I thought thats boring but then I looked deeper and the painting was locked in a windowless room with the only key, to the steel enforced door, that wasn't touched, is with the manager who obviously didn't steal it. So I thought the thief hid in the painting. But all of them are just that... paintings and it is physically impossible to hide in one of them. And if that wasn't interesting enough the guard in charge of the exhibit was found dead , not on the night of the theft, but three days later in his apartment. But thats not even the best part. No one knows which painting was stolen because it was replaced with an exceptional fake. The only reason they even know its gone is the alarm. And the note on the wall in the room, saying “I stole one of your paintings.””
She spreads Andrea's legs apart and kisses her right above her dripping sex before going lower and sucking hard on her throbbing clit Andrea starts to moan, she's moaning even louder when the other girl moves from her clit to the lips around her pussy.
John read his face as he processed all this and his calm simmered to anger again.
“Hey dad, how was Russia and New Zealand.”
“John” the change in his tone makes John silent
“Science fiction, what use is reading about a technological future when we're going be invaded by japan no matter what we write about it.” “Yeah I know it's not exactly what you read when you were a kid, it's not a history of mathematics or anything.” He looked confused for a second “ You know about that?” Andrea looked at him apologetically as realization dawned on him
“Yeah a bit” she said without even looking at Andrea.
“I suppose that will do for now, but you will have to learn the proper way to beg.” Danella says and Andrea knowing that was permission eagerly puts her head between the other girls legs, she starts to suck on the older woman's clit but when that doesn't even get a moan from Danella she goes for another tactic.
“What? Its only chicha, hardly 10 % alcohol content.” Sherlock shakes his head then realizing getting on to her for drinking so early in the morning, (or at all) is a battle he would loose, so not worth fighting for. “What have you been doing for two years?” He asks obviously concerned.
“I’m not... I mean ...I, I’m not talking to you about this.”
“Yes, but it didn’t involve a stolen police car or an illegitimate daughter. I don’t know if I can get both of us in a cargo hold on its way to New Zealand,” Sherlock had a sharp tone.
When Jade woke up she nearly shrieked seeing that someone else was in the bed with her. That is until she realized who it was, then she crushed the still sleeping Andrea in a hug, I mean she hadn't seen her for 2 years. Andrea wakes up and thinks she's being attacked she rolls both of them off of the bed, when she's sees who is hugging her she starts laughing. “Jay jay ha don't do that to me.” She says using her pet name for the other girl. Jade gets up off the floor dragging Andrea with her onto the bed. Then they hug properly (with both of them awake) and Jade says “Can you really blame me, you've been gone for 2 years!” Andrea looks down at her feet (a habit she only seems to have around Jade.) “I know and I am sorry about leaving like that but... well you understand.” “I do but that doesn't mean I wasn't worried about you. Asshole.” She bonks Andrea on the head as she says the last word and Andrea laughs. “Oh i'm an asshole? You're gonna think asshole.” She started tickling Jade mercilessly until she is giggling and squirming uncontrollably. Then Andrea gets up and goes to the kitchen.
“Please tell me you have something sweet to eat, i'm famished after the night I had.” Jade gets up and follows her to the kitchen, where Andrea is opening random cupboards until she finds a container of Oreo's then she sits at the table where Jade is and starts munching on them.
“I know of course, I know but still, i'm gonna be fine... I always am.”
“Oh she was unbelievable, Jade, seriously I mean wow. The things that woman could do... let me just say I'm seriously considering calling her back. And as you know thats something I never do.” Jade shrugged trying to look neutral to the whole thing but she was actually dying inside.
“But they are not, not from me or Mycroft, which by the way is your
She tucked her loose strands of dark hair behind her ear and suddenly looked very young. When he had seen her last she was more professional, a grown adult, now she struck him as a reckless teenager. In her black boots dark eyeliner and short skirt. He couldn’t believe he’d … well that's a thought for another time. She was watching him while he analyzed her.
“You really think one woman could hold me down? If that ever happened i'd shoot myself. I'm only suggesting another … date of sorts, She was just * sigh * delicious.” Jade tried to play it cool but her hot head one over.
“Well, we need to get on the plane there going to be here in about 3 minutes to investigate the explosion, and you know people don’t really like random explosions, for some reason” She enters the jet without looking behind her and he follows her. The driver runs to a different part of the base where a car is parked. She reaches it just as the plane lifts off the ground.
A moan reverberated from the walls as he watched Sherlock unbutton his purple shirt (John's favourite), deliberately slowly. Long, gentle fingers popped open the buttons one by one, revealing alabaster skin and pale rose nipples.
"I love you, John," the soft baritone echoed in his head. He'd said it, finally, after almost a year of being together, Sherlock had said those three (four) little words for the first time. And then, "Are you willing to belong with me for the rest of our lives, John? Through joy and sorrow and 'til death do us apart?"
He'd just ignore Sherlock from now on. Block his number, maybe. He shook his head; no, that was too harsh. What if Sherlock actually needed his help with something, maybe a particularly difficult (and therefore interesting) case? Or had got himself in mortal danger? What if he got shot or otherwise hurt?
“Good God,” she murmured and kneeled down to pick up one of the glittering pieces of glass. There was a small stain of blood on its edge.
"Missed you. Needed you, here, with me. As my
He shook himself out of it, pulling strands of his hair with all the force he could muster. "No, no, no, no, no," he shouted, "not true, that wasn't John, John didn't do that to you, John would never, John is there to catch you when you fall, John is - John is - he's-" His voice broke as he remembered
"Fuck me, John," he could hear Sherlock say. "I want you to fuck me."
"It's supposed to help you to
"What, am I putting you off by staring into my coffee now?" he complained. "Fine, I'll just leave you to it, then."
And with those words, John calmly put on his cardigan and his jacket, moving deliberately slowly to give Sherlock a chance to re-think and apologise, hoping against hope that he would do, that John wouldn't have to do this. As he should have expected, no such thing happened. Dying heart sinking inside his chest, he left the flat, once again leaving them both devastated.
the Consulting Detective was his, and his only. He wanted to be able to hold his hand in public, kiss him whenever he felt like it, and just linger a little too close without attracting questioning gazes. And he was finally going to get what he wanted, and even more than that.
“Don’t even think of asking me how it went,” Clara sighed as her eyes met John’s who had looked up from the book he’d been reading when she entered the study. She unceremoniously dropped the bag with his belongings next to the armchair he was perched in and threw herself on the couch in the living room next door.
Sherlock sighed. "John, what exactly are the feelings you're harbouring towards me?"
“First off, Sherlock, couples... well, they go on dates together, and no, eating at Angelo’s does
John swallowed visibly, wetting his lips with the tip of his tongue. “Tell me, then,” he answered, voice still low but far from a whisper, “what does it mean?”
It all narrowed down to one simple fact: John loved him. Now, what was he to do about that? With a grin he steepled his fingers under his chin once again and started setting up his plans for a new, promisingly intriguing experiment.
. . .
to dispute the clever deductions, but words failed him and he slowly opened his eyes to look at Sherlock, who smiled that half-smile of his that made John want to devour him whole.
Clara felt anguish bubbling up in the pit of her stomach, rising through her guts and spreading through her nervous system, prickling at the tips of her fingers. She turned the key in the lock and heard the door make a soft clicking sound to announce its invitation.
Sherlock, however, seemed to understand, seemed to know. He'd absorbed John's every reaction. A smile decorated those perfect lips as they touched John's.
Well, he certainly had Sherlock's full attention now. He felt his scrutiny like a physical weight against his skin. Finally the other man turned back to his experiment and said dismissively, "You're being melodramatic and absurd. Clearly your judgement has been adversely affected by sleep deprivation."
Now was the moment he had been waiting for, unconsciously all his life, and consciously these last hours - now was the right moment.
For the first time since John had left his former flat, he took a deep, deliberate breath and leaned back into the soft cushions to relax his taut muscles.
The younger man nodded in acknowledgement, but said nothing. John felt his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he swallowed around the lump that had suddenly formed there.
he said, indicating his crotch with a nod. "Since you're actually in my head, why do you even ask?"
“Tell me why,” she asked, gentle eyes fixed on somewhat glassy grey-green ones.
“Yes, Captain,” he croaked and picked up the plate from the coffee table. He took the fork that was delivered with the food in hand and began to eat.
"M-m-more," Sherlock stuttered and it was the last coherent thing he was able to say as he felt hot lips closing around the tip of his erection, sucking lightly, almost carefully.
He smashed his lips to Sherlock's, forcing his lover's mouth open with his tongue, invading, not taking the time to taste but plundering, taking, sucking lips and tongue and making Sherlock moan darkly into his mouth. He lifted himself off his lover's lap, fingers shakily hooking into the waistband of Sherlock's black silk pants, pulling them down hastily when Sherlock lifted his hips in response, freeing the hot, throbbing erection.
Sherlock freed his hand from his lovers to put them on John's back, touching, feeling, caressing. He followed the line of strong shoulder blades with his fingertips, a ghostly, almost not noticeably touch that resulted in goose flesh spreading across John's back. He could feel him smile against his neck.
John smiled appreciatively. "Thanks, Greg," he said and ducked his head.
The detective sighed. "I could not possibly have missed it, because you screamed it right into my ear. The kitchen is tiled, John, and loud noises reverberate unpleasantly." His voice was still calm, his eyes and hands still fixed on the microscope.
John yawned and stretched lazily, grinning at the sun that shone brightly into his room. He didn't remember when he'd last slept as well as he had during the past night.
“Sherlock,” John started, his voice cracking, and cleared his throat again. “It’s impolite to stare,” he continued rather witlessly and cursed himself only a split second after the words had left his mouth.
"Until next time," that rich baritone sounded one last time, faintly hopeful and longing.
With that, he all but bolted from the place, up into his room, and locked the door behind him. Sinking down to the floor, back pressed against the solid wood, he took his head in his hands and breathed. Just breathed,
Sherlock frowned and rolled his eyes. "That's downright extortion," he complained in mock-annoyance and raised a delicate eyebrow.
“Where’s this?” he asked cautiously.
Pushing the door fully open she made to step inside, but paused. Her eyes fell to the shards of mirror glass on the floor and in the basin. Shocked, she dropped the bag she was clutching in her left.
“Oh God, oh God, oh God,” she breathed, closing her eyes and trying to calm her nearly collapsing heart and her ragged, too-quick breathing. Inhaling steadily and exhaling shakily, she counted the seconds passing. It took her three minutes and twenty-two seconds to get back to her senses.
WARNINGS: Mentions of sexual abuse, depression, self-harm and usage of drugs. If you're a fragile soul like me, I recommend not reading this chapter. I still wonder how I managed to write it without crying.
"No, delete what you know about my feelings towards you," John clarified.
Closing his eyes for a brief moment and inhaling a deep breath, John at first didn’t even realise that a smile was tugging at the corners of his mouth. He’d waited for this for what felt like an eternity.
John sighed. "Fine, then," he said, staring at a particularly interesting crease in the duvet. After a while he whispered, "I'm scared."
John let out the breath he wasn't aware he'd been holding and crossed the room to his chair, dropping the bag that held his dirty clothing along the way and peeling off his jacket and cardigan.
“I’ll be expecting you in a week then?” John jokingly retorted, coaxing a soft giggle from the older woman. He was trying hard to suppress the bitter taste of the words that actually sat on the tip of his tongue, ready to jump out and admit to all the fears and second thoughts whirling around inside of him, so as to not worry Clara, who had done so much for him already, even more than he’d ever expected or thought he deserved.
John frowned, taken aback. "That... doesn't make sense at all. I mean, it probably does to you, but I don't get it, Sherlock." He took a deep breath and continued before Sherlock could interrupt him, "Okay, look, I'm trying to stop all this. Just... give me a bloody chance, give it time. Wounds like that don't heal overnight, you know." He felt his heart sink. He couldn't fathom where this conversation was going, but it made him uneasy.
Sherlock purred and closed his eyes again, moving closer to the radiating warmth and love and
“John.” It’s Sherlock who speaks first. Then, suddenly, with a flourish, he turns around and
Ignoring the...
Sally Donovan's this time. The tone wasn't mocking, but John couldn't help but feel taunted regardless.
“Affection,” Sherlock mumbled, rolling the word around in his mouth as if to taste it, feel its weight, measure it. “Affection,” he repeated. It rung a bell somewhere in the back of his mind.
John's gaze followed the soft lines and sharp angles of his lover's face, his left forefinger reaching out and grazing the soft, pale skin of a cheek. He bent forward and gently touched his lips to one closed eyelid. As he pulled back and resumed watching the sleeping figure, the glistening moonlight caressing raw, white skin, making it shine in an unusually beautiful way, he felt a single tear drip from his eyes.
"He seems fairly clueless about how certain others feel towards him." A delicate brow rose towards the ceiling.
Blinking her eyes open, she pushed herself off the wall and braced herself in front of the lime-green door that led to the sitting room of 221B Baker Street.
But as quickly as the moment had come, it passed, and John was bitterly reminded why they sat here and that he would need more than a simple admission like this to make him stay. There was not a single doubt in the good doctor’s mind that making him come home was Sherlock’s intention by coming here, not after those words.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, unsuccessfully fighting off loneliness. He hung his head again. "John is different," he mumbled to himself, "John would not - he protects me, he cares for me, he-" Sherlock clamped down on that thought harshly.
John thought blissfully and snaked his arms around his lover's naked body.
He dipped his tongue into the small wound, tasting his own blood. It reminded him of portions of his past he treasured, truly valued. It tasted like warm milk and honey, his mother's cure for sleepless nights.
John shrugged. "Delete it?"
He didn’t regard John with so much as a look when the good doctor entered the sitting room and dropped a plate full of toast, scrambled eggs, baked beans and sausages on the small coffee table next to Sherlock, a cup of tea following suit.
And with his heart sinking and his mind aching to find a solution, Mycroft did.
The elder took in a calming breath. “Sherlock,” he said warningly, “you will eat this, and if I have to force-feed you, God help me, I will.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, on the verge to drifting off into thoughts again. He took a deep breath and focused his eyes on John’s once more. “But
Sherlock blinked in surprise. John was feeding him, making him sleep, dressing his wounds when he got himself injured, and generally took good care of him. John was also shooting evil cabbies and punching people worth less than the dirt below his shoes -- all for the sole purpose of protecting Sherlock. And, most importantly, John called it
"Interesting. Apparently it's fine to trust your life to me during cases, but I'm not trustworthy enough to make you coffee. Go ahead and brew yourself a new one, then." Sherlock continued to focus on his experiment.
She shot him a reassuring smile and nodded. “That’s right, it’s a busy life over there, or so I heard. Harry and I will be sure to come visit once you’ve settled in.”
John absorbed the confession and winced, wondering what sorts of bad memories he was responsible for bringing to the fore of Sherlock's bright mind and knowing Sherlock would clearly feel his privacy invaded if he asked for details. Eventually he took a deep breath, asking, "What do you want me to do about it, then?"
"The reason you left Baker Street almost two weeks ago was probably my snappish remark following your rather rude exclamation of 'Fuck you' - it was the last straw, so to speak. My reaction was uncalled for, and I apologise for that. Yet, John, do me a favour and try to contain your...
Clara parked the car in front of the airport to let John out. “You go on ahead, I’ll just quickly search for parking. I’ll meet you in the front hall by the coffee place.”
John really shouldn’t be surprised by Sherlock’s behaviour. It wasn’t as if he could expect anything
“Clara Lewis, former Watson, Harriet Watson’s ex- and soon-to-be-again wife, and Dr. John Watson’s sister-in-law. You’re here to pick up John’s belongings, I take it? Odd for him, sending someone else instead of going on his own. And then someone like you, who can’t deal with the unknown. You’re afraid of it, aren’t you? No, no, don’t answer that, I can see it in your posture, I heard it in your ragged breathing and your helpless little cry when you stepped on the fifteenth stair outside the flat. You’re feeling brave, coming here, yet you’re...disturbed. You’re not a brave person, usually, you were scared of the possibility of meeting...me. Yet, your eyes are steadily locked on mine and you don’t display any indication of fear or discomfort. You’re trying to prove me wrong with this look of yours, but you can’t. Your hands are shaking, evidence of my being right. Are you angry yet?”
Before John could open his mouth to answer, the phone chimed again. They both looked at it, John in curiosity, Clara in something akin to annoyance. John reached out, but his hand was batted away by Clara. “Oh no, you’re not,” she scolded and picked it up.
Sherlock groaned and tried to pull John back down to continue snogging him senseless, but the good doctor resisted. "Sherlock," he said, pushing the detective back into the seat with both his hands, and cleared his throat to steady his voice, "Sherlock, wait."
"You... that's just unbelievable," John said, voice unsteady, partly out of confusion and partly out of suppressed anger. "You actually picked the lock to my door? You really have no boundaries at all, do you?"
Later, John would wish he'd said no. Instead he swallowed hard and nodded.
The scene played out in front of him again, but Victor's dark, chocolate brown eyes and languid, promising smile were replaced with clear, ocean-coloured irises and a familiar half-frown-half-smile that mirrored John's worry and fondness for Sherlock.
him?"
Sherlock blinked. "Desperately?" he repeated, and John wondered if he imagined the slight tremor in his voice.
the clarity
Mrs Hudson had been the first to notice the plain silver ring on John's left hand and figure out its meaning. She even said something in the fashion of "Took you two long enough" and flashed a smile that was cross fondness and knowing. (Apparently, the walls weren't as thick as they'd thought.)
Sherlock's hands finally let go of his hair and he planted the soles of his feet on the seat of his armchair, pulling his long limbs in close and encircling them with his arms, locking his long fingers around his wrists to keep them in place. He buried his face in the hollow between his bony knees and felt the soft, black wool of his trousers grow damp in the spots right above them.
John's name fell from Sherlock's lips, the rich baritone vibrating in the tiled room, oh-so-gloriously making John's heart swell.
"John. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," he whispered, effectively lifting the black and grey cloak of silence that surrounded them.
Would he ever be ready? He sighed. Not if he didn't stop sulking, no. He'd have to try and work it out, figuring out his feelings and himself, before he could go back to talk to Sherlock.
John didn’t dignify that with a response. Instead, he dug his fork forcefully into his food, throwing a sideways glance at his friend, watching the sharp lines soften again, the anger leave the angular features.
Sherlock was staring. It was not much of a disturbance at first, but now John started to feel his scrutiny like a heavy weight against his skin, pressing, burning, making him sweat. John squirmed slightly, uneasiness spreading through his system. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He opened them to find Sherlock continuing to fix his piercing, probing, enquiring eyes on John. Unwavering. Unnerving. It seemed like he was focusing him with utmost dedication and determination, but whatever the reason was, John couldn’t quite fathom. Neither did he actually want to know. All he knew was that it was disturbing.
All the apparent
The blond fixed his eyes on his friend, took in the desperation reflecting from Sherlock’s gaze. Slowly, he opened his mouth to speak. “That’s all I ever wanted. I’ll always be your friend.”
He sighed again and turned on his side, trying hard to fight and chase away the tears that even Sherlock's beautifully deep-dark-mysterious baritone voice in the back of his head couldn't keep at bay.
"Don't be ridiculous. We don't need-"
John rolled his eyes and closed them to calm his nerves. “The evidence is wrong, then, Sherlock, because no, we are not a couple. And I’ll even explain why.”
The relief washing over the younger man was clearly visible, his taut shoulders relaxed, a breathless sigh left his lips and his facial expression softened.
“I don’t know, Sherlock, just don’t... I don’t know. You’re not supposed to hold my hand or put yours on the small of my back just so, in front of everyone, that’s... as far as affection goes, Sherlock, this implies we were more than just friends. But we are not. Okay?”
John raised an eyebrow, but of course his lunatic flatmate couldn't see that. He sighed. "Okay, okay, I'll drink your coffee. Thank you." He grabbed the cup and took a sip before sitting down at the kitchen table.
“You’re insulting me for asking a serious question, John?” Sherlock enquired and crossed his arms over his chest, demanding eyes fixed on his friend. “I insist you explain your behaviour to me, because I honestly don’t understand it. There’s no reason whatsoever for you to persuade me to eat.”
John blinked confusedly at him. "You...have? When? Why?" A sudden pain stabbed his heart.
He had realised Sherlock loved him back with every part of him the exact moment they had reentered the flat that night.
“But you didn’t!” Sherlock cut him off, hands balled at the sides of his body. “You didn’t,” he said again, voice wavering.
Sherlock nodded. John wasn't at all prepared for what the detective said next. "Under these circumstances it may be the most favourable outcome for both affected parties if you were to... move out."
. . .
He looked at himself in the mirror over the sink and frowned.
John blinked at him in surprise. “Wh--” he started, but Sherlock interrupted with a shaking of his head.
She inhaled deeply, once, and closed her eyes. When she let out the calming breath she’d taken, she grabbed a piece of paper from the floor next to the chair and a pen from the table and began scribbling onto it. “John is going to leave my house soon. If you change your mind, or if you want to talk, here’s my number. Good day to you, Mister Holmes.”
Going public was another case entirely. They hadn't taken that step yet, seven months into the game, but John certainly hoped they would, and soon. Because, even though he wouldn't admit it to himself or anyone else, he more and more felt like a pet to Sherlock. He didn't want to be his
The friction of John's arse rubbing against his erection had Sherlock gasp in surprise, but he instinctively lifted his pelvis to press up and create more contact still.
“Then what am I allowed to do, John?” the detective asked, confusion edged into every line of his features, embedded in his voice.
thought John,
eat it,” John said in his calm, concerned doctor-voice, “You haven’t eaten in three days, except for two biscuits and a piece of chocolate.”
Sherlock jumped to his feet and dropped the cup in the process, the precious china clattering to the floor. A handle broke off. He couldn’t have cared less. “I know that for goodness’ sakes!” he yelled at Clara, not really looking at her, still his eyes bore deep into her chest, making her heart clench.
was, and what it contained. And that he'd irretrievably
to what I said, you insufferable prat?"
John saw her poking the screen with a tad of force and frowned. “Maybe it’s Harry.  It could be something important.”
“Well yes, but you have no reason too i’m still alive aren’t I?” From the look on John’s face he realized he should have chosen his words more carefully. No one needed a reminder of the time he was “dead”.
“Please take a shower and we will talk more about this later.” She is all to happy to comply knowing the worst of that conversation is far from behind her. She goes up the stairs then strips promptly and gets in the shower as the steaming water runs over her body she thinks.
Sherlock looked longingly at the door, but knew he couldn't just walk away, he had brought this on himself. “Alright so where was I oh yeah, sex is when one person does something to another person to stimulate them and make them come to a climax.” Sherlock groaned . “Stop that, though it one of the noises that can come about from “sexual intercourse.” Many people * cough * straight people, believe sex is when a man penetrates a woman, but there is so much more that goes into it especially for gay people like me and you, so there are many, many ways to get people off. Oral sex, eating out ,fisting, anal sex, toys you know the normal stuff.”
He looks to the back and sees the books “I can’t believe I missed that, so you uh like to read then.” She smiles awkwardly at him “You already knew that.” “Um yeah I did, but I don’t know your favorite book.”
“But you don't, what about John and Lestrade?”
They go over to Andrea and start discussing and planning out how to solve the case. Ultimately they decide to send Andrea to the Exhibit when it opens (not that Sherlock had much decision in the matter, when Andrea wants something she gets it.) She is getting dressed in a bright red strapless dress when her phone rings. Sherlock is within hearing range of the door and so hears Andrea's side of the conversation. She picks it up and talks into it
“You need to numb it first.” She says now from the doorway.
Sherlock looks like he wants to disappear, but she is not going to let him off that easily. “So as i'm not so sure you know, sex happens when..” He interrupts her like a child, holding his hands over his ears.
“Just him Molly Hooper and a handful of my homeless network.” He said counting them off in his head.
“I didn’t do anything it is just a scratch.”
“Don't be absurd" This made John more than a little angry. He remembered it now... not in perfect detail but he knew it happened and he knew Sherlock had kissed him back, so why would he try to hide the fact that is ever happened. In a moment of pure impulse he stomped over to Sherlock tore the newspaper out of his hands and holds his face in his hands before bending down and kissing him passionately he keeps kissing him and after a second Sherlock kisses him back just as passionately this goes on for ten minutes. When they finally break apart John is sitting in Sherlock's lap his legs wrapped around the bigger mans waist. Both of their mouths are sore and red from kissing and Sherlock just non-nonchalantly moves his hair out of his eyes and says “ You still taste like a liquor store.” John just laughs and Sherlock smiles.
“What would you like to drink sir.” He said with a Irish accent.
“You’re trying to distract me… what did you talk to John about.”
“I get that you're mad but we don’t have time for your little temper…”
“Yeah you know the one John writes about you.”
“Well that's just great not like we had plans today or anything, why would she be coming here. You do know that you don’t owe her anything…”
John responds to the gentle touch and hugged the other man tightly not giving him time to refuse he buries his head in Sherlock's hair, and Sherlock was so shocked at the unexpected touch that he just let him. Then John turned his head toward Sherlock's and kissed him. Sherlock was still in too much shock to do anything about it, until two seconds after John's mouth reaches his, when he kisses John back surprising himself and the smaller man. No matter that Johns mouth tastes like a liquor store, Sherlock still feels like this is how its supposed to be like maybe this is what he'd wanted to do since the moment he met John. But he knows John will probably not remember any of this in the morning and allows himself only a few more minutes of kissing before peeling John off of him and making sure he lays down on the couch. He does and then passes out a satisfied smile on his face.
“I'll allow that... but next time you're staying the full night and doing anything but sleeping.”
“Oh umm, your daughter? Of course, so quick question since when did you have a daughter!?”
The minute Andrea is done Danella gets off the bed, “So my little pet, do you want to please me?” She asks from acrossed the room.
“Busy.. like hiding your daughter and working on your secret American assignment busy? What else are you hiding from me?”
Johnlock Happens (finally)
She puts down the book “Mycroft keeps a stack of books in the last two seats for me, I get terribly bored on these trips.”
“Oh yeah I almost forgot your were dad's pet.” she said flipping her hair and smacking her gum.
“Don’t be ridiculous John I would have never been able to keep something so big from you.”
“That's just great, great, happy for you really, but I need to get ready for work so... you should leave.” Andrea looks at her confused, she's always been able to read everyone, except for Jade which I guess is what makes her such a good friend, but now... she knows something's wrong only question is what?
This time Danella nods and keeps her expression blank.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you, I’m sorry I couldn’t watch you grow up and i’m so jealous that my brother did. I don’t care that you steal things I wouldn’t even care if you murdered people. I just regret everything that's happened to you except that you exist at all because if I could go back and change it I wouldn’t. You are the most important thing in my life now whether I like it or not, and I promise from now on I will protect you from the world and always be there when you need me.”
He is suddenly brought out of his thoughts by Sherlock walking into the room looking for something.
Warning Smut involved in Chapter If you don't want to read smut stop reading after the ************************ and start reading after the other one in the Chapter
He throws a chair halfway acrossed the room. Then sits on the table calmly.
“That proves it then, we kissed didn't we.” Sherlock didn't even flinch never taking his eyes of the newspaper.
She's always known he was the overprotective type, so he most likely stayed up waiting for her, something she knew he would have to stop if he was going to survive her staying there. Sure enough when she got through the door there he was sitting on the table reading, well trying to read.
“What just happened?” he asks her unable to get a handle on the situation himself.
“Well anyways I'm gonna take off soo, uh bye.” She walks down the hall toward the door still laughing to herself.
She looked almost disappointed for 2 seconds, “ Simpler maybe, but my plan was more fun, yours is just boring.”
“Per her request as I’m sure she’s told you.” He wasn’t even trying to talk now knowing Sherlock would just interrupt him.
After storming from Mycroft's office he had stolen his private plane and made his way back to London. Now he knew he couldn't worry about Andrea, who was not back from wherever she was now. He had to focus on the 2nd most important person in his life; John. He snuck into his old apartment and found that it had been uninhabited for the two years, he had been gone. Then he went online and found out that John had a new apartment on North Gower Street. He broke in and found John's planner, and saw that he was going to be at a restaurant on a date tonight. Then he went back to his apartment and waited.
“I know you must have some questions, but before we get into that I just have one question.” John looked at him with a burning hatred.
“So, not a client then, I can’t believe you, you weren’t going to tell me about this affair of yours, you know that your actions carry consequences…”
“I did not lie to her, I merely told her the worst of you it's not the same thing.” He was still so calm compared to Sherlock's fuming.
“He already knows, you told him before you told me? He’s the one that took you in, how could you go to him?” Sherlock says clearly upset.
“Overactive.” she says humor flashes into her eyes then turns to concern.
“How could you do it?”
“Its okay, my pet, you'll get better the more we do this, and i'm sure you'll have plenty of practice.” she says to Andrea who is still kneeling on the floor. She lets her up then they move to the bed. Danella slips out of her dress and lays next to Andrea who is quivering in anticipation for what comes next. But instead Danella begins talking and she knows the nights activities are over.
“Where did you get this car, and where exactly are we going?” Sherlock asked quizzically.
Since that morning John has been overjoyed, even though Sherlock wants to keep it a secret ( can’t have anyone knowing I am susceptible to that kind of thing, there would be riots in the street) they decided to not be in a relationship exactly, well Sherlock has just decided not to call it that, but they are doing all the relationship things Sherlock is even sleeping in John's bed.
Andrea hurries upstairs and says she's gonna take a nap and John gets home. He goes into the bedroom to get out of his work clothes and he see's the note on Sherlock's computer. His face flushes a bright red and he thinks,
“Oh, um” Sherlock looked very uncomfortable all of the sudden. She laughed at his attempt at feelings.
“Oh okay Jay jay I know you're busy, just call me later okay?” Jade nods and Andrea leaves puzzling over the whole interaction. She shoves it down to puzzle over later, because now she has to deal with Sherlock.
“I really should leave though, dad is going to up worrying about me so its best to get home soon.” The other girl shrugs,
“Okay, you couldn’t tell me to protect me, is that what you're saying, or just to protect yourself, because I would have been fine, no much more than fine, if you just told me you weren’t dead, no not even that you just had to give me a sign and I would have waited for you. But noo you were to busy being dead!”
“Of course I will.. oh and tomorrow night is good for me, as long as I don't die on this highly dangerous case.”
He looked mad for a second but then he just nodded like he accepted the fact that everyone in his family met his daughter before he did. “You did, what was that like?” She looked down and started messing with the strings on her hoodie
She looked over at the driver “do you think I’m a heavy drinker.”
“Oh you read that, well I am not near as pig headed as John says I am.”
John sulks off to do as he was told, unsure why he always follows Sherlock's orders. When he’s done making the room look presentable the doorbell rings. “John would you get that i’m busy.”
“So you prefer to risk going back to jail or possibly getting shot on sight in another country just for the thrill?”
“Oh boy, you and Sherlock on a case... that doesn't bode well with me.”
“Okay, okay but promise you'll be careful.”
Danella sighs “modeling doesn't pay like it used to, and besides my passion is here so I thought it was only fitting.”
If you didn’t like your job you wouldn’t be doing it, you have no need to, you’ve obviously spent a lot of time at desks because of the indent on your inner arm, which means typing which means office work but not a reporter you don’t even smell like ink, and you work the phone a lot but not an office phone your own personal cell phone, which means most likely private secretary.
“John where have you been? You smell like a liquor store. What kind of things are Mark and you doing that you should come home in such a state?” John looks up at him in a very dizzy state almost like he doesn't see him.
“I know that John i’ve just been... busy.”
“It's this deep” she holds out her hands.
Taking them into her mouth she nibbles on them softly enough not to leave a mark but hard enough that it hurts in a way that is so good. She teasingly moves down to right below her hole, biting the sensitive part until Andrea is moaning even louder.
“Mycroft.”
“ Oh and by the way you were right... about my driver i've known her for … 8 years now. We met on the street. Her names Jade.” Sherlock nods noticing that she twirls her little silver wire bracelet around her wrist when she talks about Jade. She looks like she wants to say something else but then she gets a far off look in her eye and stays silent. Sherlock's not one to push so he walks beside her in silence until they reach the building. She runs up the stairs ahead of him and looks for the case file. When he gets up the stairs, she has found it and is sitting crossed legged on the table reading intently. John is just around the corner, a cup of coffee in his hand. He seems to have calmed down because he is smiling at Andrea and smiles at Sherlock when he see's him. When Sherlock goes over to him, John whispers. “She reminds me of someone.” Sherlock knows what he means he kisses his cheek and says “ I didn't mean to make you worry.” John sighs. “I guess that's as close to an apology as i'm gonna get.”
Andrea smiles and picks up her dress slipping it back on “i'll look forward to that.” she goes to pick up her thong but Danella shakes her head and she sets it back down, she's about to go into hallway when Danella steps away from the bed, naked this time, once again it's all Andrea can do not to drool and stare at the magnificence.  She walks up to where Andrea is standing and kisses her passionately before pushing her back out into the hall.
“ You're a heavy drinker and a criminal but you've only been caught once which is why you need out of the country. You weren’t on the streets for long you got taken in by someone and you still live with whoever that was. You have  online doctorate degrees in psychology, computer programing , computer analyzing, Criminal justice, Foreign language, and possibly, Mathematics, all of which you got just for the hell of it since you already have a job you like .
“Yeah right let me help pleeeeeasssee. If you don't you know i'll just find a way to get in on the case without your permission.” He pretends to think about it for a moment before sighing in defeat knowing she's right.
You are a very sexual person, I'm not going to say anymore on that though it is obvious. You enjoy your job as a  secretary, you have a big abandonment issue which is probably because of your mother's death or perhaps because of me.  Your main goal when you started stealing was to make the people that have made your life a living hell suffer and feel what you felt so you have stolen from a lot of german banks and some american people possibly London too. You work somewhere in the government and your in cars a lot. Also you’ve known your driver for roughly 5 years and she is the only person except perhaps the women who took you in who you fully trust with your life. Did I miss anything or do you want me to tell you the entire history of the field next to us to.”
Finally she comes in a sweet release covering the other girl's face in her juices.
“It's okay Sherlock i've been thinking about it too and you just make me so...” he trails off rushing up to Sherlock and kissing him roughly putting his hand underneath the bigger mans shirt. Sherlock is mentally freaking out but frozen in his spot as John runs his hands over his bare back and chest, probing the other mans, mouth with his tongue trying to get a reaction from him. When that doesn't work he assumes the other guy is just expecting more from him. So he puts his hands in the back of the other man's pants grabbing his bare ass in both hands, this makes Sherlock squeal and fall backwards on the bed. Which John ,once again blinded by his hormones, thinks this is Sherlock finally reacting to his touch so he kisses him harder laying on top of the other man. Sherlock is moving this time, but he doesn't realize he is trying to push the smaller man off.
“Oh there you are John have you seen my...” he trails off seeing the piece of paper in John's hands, and his face turns a deep red color. “oh I I uh thats um research...” he trails off.
“Yes, (sigh) I know what him and probably everyone else thinks.”
As John Watson walked away from Sherlock’s grave, tears forming in his eyes, a mysterious hooded figure passed him and walked to the grave. The figure steps up to the fresh grave site and sets flowers at its foot, then kneels for a second before standing up and removing their hood. A bundle of soft brown curls fall out, framing a woman's slender face. She glances at the grave with sharp green eyes and looks around, smiling to herself. “Why is there a strange girl who you’ve never seen before standing at your grave sight? The best thing to do here, I think, is to tell you a story. Once upon a time there was a girl named Amber Nathan, who fell for a young boy named William Holmes. William knew Amber had to go to Germany for a secretary job, and even though he was much younger than the girl, she thought he really wanted to be with her. She thought he would even go with her to Germany. Everything was going smoothly until she found out that their whole relationship was a lie. He was just using her.”
“She deserves to have a real father not some lower level detective with a drug problem.”
****************************
“Oh she is isn't she?, I just love this piece Karl Bang seems to have captured the very soul of woman with just a paintbrush. Its simply incredible.” Before she'd done speaking Andrea has deduced quite a lot about her.
He pauses, unable to remember the name for a moment,
“Oh be patient my pet there is more to come soon, before you leave you are to give me your number and I will call for you when I want you.” Andrea nods and Danella sighs “You can talk you know, I like my pets to have a free mind.”
Andrea knows that she is losing the battle for dominance but the way Danella is lightly nipping at her bare inner thigh takes away all the worrying about that. Danella is still fully dressed and as in the way of mistresses she is likely to be for a while.
“Fine what night would work for you, i've hardly gotten to see you since you moved into my brothers flat.”
When John wakes up he knows something is different. He's still in last nights clothes and he's lying on the couch instead of his bed but its not that... its something else. He tries to remember what happened last night but its all a blur after breaking up with Mark. He starts to get some fuzzy images just as Sherlock comes into the room he seems different too. He looks the same, blue bath robe perfect curly hair and newspaper curled up under his arm. “ There are eggs on the stove.” he says before sitting down in his chair and starting to read his newspaper. John tries to sit up but a massive headache pulls him right back down. He gets up after a second and makes himself a cup of coffee skipping the eggs. Then he sits back down on the couch sips the coffee and tries to remember last night.
“Well of course it doesn't you worry way too much.”
“That was long after the drunken mistake he made which resulted in her losing her job and raising a baby on the streets of Germany. She had to catch a cargo lift to America and stayed there for 3 years before finally making it back to London, where she was almost immediately murdered for some easy cash, leaving a 6 year old genius on the streets. So, really, I should be here to dance on your grave and throw a party to celebrate the man who accidentally brought me into the world just to ruin it for me. But I've realized something over the last 10 years. Why should you care about how my mother felt? Being used like that. It's not like it was you getting used. It's not like she even really mattered, not to you. She was just a pawn in the big scheme of things, and people are expendable. We are the only ones that matter. What are normal people other than objects for our use? But that's not exactly the reason why I’m here. I need to get out of the country, and I only have about three hours to do it, so you can come out from behind that tree now.”
You’re too comfortable in this car you haven’t even fidgeted once so that must mean you're used to long car trips and the only reason you would go on long car trips as a secretary would if you worked somewhere in the government and constantly were driven to government facilities. You didn’t have that bag with you when you came to the grave sight or when you went to jail which means you trusted you driver enough to go into your house and get it for you, also to drive you, a criminal around and discuss your plans in front of her that suggests that you’ve known her for at least three years, but that laptop is your life and you trusted her with it, seeing as it's the only thing you're taking with you to disappear and you can only really trust someone with your life if you’ve either been put through a traumatic experience together or the more likely option you’ve known her for more than 5 years.”
“So who is she, when did you go to Greece, and what does she want?” There was a hard jealous edge to John's words,
Sherlock is sitting in Mycroft's office in Kazakhstan Russia. He is glaring at his older brother who is sitting indifferently on the other side of his desk reading a folder full of papers . He doesn't look up from the papers.
“Don’t be ridiculous John, I would barely have gotten sick.”
“Uhhg still I don't understand why you couldn't just move back in with me.”
“I was going to tell you, I was but Moriarty's hitmen had to believe I was dead and I calculated the risks of telling you against the benefits and it was just too risky.”
After she leaves Danella's room, she makes her way out of the museum and realizing where she is starts to walk to Jade's house which is just down the street. She had planned on visiting her when she got back but things happen so fast and she hadn't really had time. When she got to the flat, she climbed up the fire escape and into Jade's bedroom. Seeing that Jade was still asleep she laid down on the bed with her careful not to wake her and almost immediately fell asleep, after all it had been a very... exiting night, and there was no time for sleep.
John is ghostly pale now finally realizing what he had just done.
There is a very attractive woman standing front of the painting she was about to examine so naturally she starts a conversation. “ Beautiful ” She says standing next to the woman now. The woman turns and she can see she wildly underestimated, attractive doesn't even begin to cover it. She is tall and a beautiful naturally blond that shines even in the low lights. Her blue eyes are too captivating to look away from and her body oh my god her body was incredible, especially accented by the very tight silver dress. Its all Andrea can do not to drool.
“I assure you I haven’t done anything to her, but seri…”
Andrea goes in to the giant art museum still extremely exited, thought not showing it. The first thing on her to do list, figure out which painting is a fake. She goes from painting to painting examining them. When she finds nothing out of place she starts to go around again.
Andrea walks into the room, “Hey dad, i'm gonna...” she trails off seeing the compromising position he is in. John stops trying to take Sherlock's shirt off and Sherlock sees this as his chance to escape. Which he does pushing the other man off and running out the door without looking back. Seconds later they hear the front door open and slam shut.
The door opens unexpectedly and John stumbles in obviously heavily intoxicated.
“Ha yes you are. You know, I’m glad you found him.”
“You know what Mycroft thinks right?”
“Hello”
“How nice of you.”
When Sherlock woke up in John's bed he immediately forgot where he was, when he realizes he smiles to himself and then quickly stops. He actually had no idea why John had wanted him to share his bed. Nothing sexual had happened between them and,they had two perfectly working beds plus he needed his sleeping space, but just then he woke up and the sun hit John’s face he understood, if only for a second, then the sun left his face and John started to stir. He looked up at Sherlock as he was getting up. The smile from last nights make out session, still on his face.
Andrea thinks then says “Was it really that obvious, I guess I’ll have try harder to hide all that, except maybe you should think about where you’ve seen me before, I am only letting you see these things about me I could hide it as easily as someone could hide a tattoo on their back.”
Sherlock looked up at him.
“Speaking of John did you meet him.”
Later at the deli, Andrea and Sherlock are sitting acrossed from each other at a circular table with a checkered table cloth. Andrea is taking occasional bites of a muffin and drinks out of a silver flask. While Sherlock is just watching her and looking disapprovingly at the flask.
“With anyone, these things
With all that Andrea knows about mistresses (being one herself many times) she can tell this woman will not respond well to pain, so she goes to pleasure probing the other girls sex with her tongue until she finds her the G-spot, then she flicks at the soft area with her tongue until finally her Mistress moans.
Sherlock Holmes is dead.
“Okay sir I just need you to sign right there.” He gave him a paper on a clipboard, without even looking at it John signs it and gave it back still not looking up.
“With me?”
So Andrea does praising her Mistress. “that was the fastest I have comed in my entire life.”
She licks the sweet juices off the older woman thighs, and all around her pussy until she can't find anymore. Then she sits back Andrea is disappointed at letting down her Mistress thinking it was the longest its taken her to get a girl off since she was 14. But Danella isn't showing in signs of being disappointed.
