Sam's confusion only deepened. "A woman from Eastden came a week ago with a newborn. Her name, Hannah I think. Jess has been caring for him along with our daughter." He smirked.
"She died from an illness a few months ago. I told her I wouldn't leave her alone." he looked wistfully out of the carriage. He didn't want to talk about who he was leaving behind.
Cas nodded and took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. He relaxed his muscles, closing his eyes as Dean pushed a finger inside of Cas. He groaned softly, gripping the covers on the bed. Dean kissed the corner of Cas's mouth as he worked his finger in and out slowly to get Cas accustomed to it. Once his first finger was met with little resistance, Dean pushed his second oiled finger inside of Cas, covering his mouth when he made a loud breathy moan. Dean smirked and kissed him as he crooked his fingers inside of Cas. "You like this, hm?" Dean watched as Cas arched from the bed, struggling to form words.
Cas relaxed in Dean's strong hold, resting his head on his chest. "I only went with Abaddon for a few days tops."
Cas inhaled sharply as he waved the smoke away from him. Dean burst through the door, halfway dressed, pants hanging low on his hips. "I heard screaming; I thought you needed my help."
"I didn't want that to deter you though." Cain smirked, pulling several documents out of his desk. "Now, I have to rewrite this will. You should report to Alistair in the morning. He can help channel the... urges that come with the mark." He continued smiling, putting a small pair of glasses on his nose. "For now though, return to your protective duties. I'm worried that Cas may try to hurt himself."
“You do realize how much history I have to sort through to find one person that might know how to find Lady Luxa? Not only that, but I have to find out what is truth and what is myth. You’d have better luck praying to her than I do at finding a soul willing to talk.”
Dean's lips scorched his already burning skin. Maybe he could just do this one time; no, he was marrying Cain. Cain was the first man to ever see Cas's value as a person not as something he could profit from. He pushed Dean off of him, "I just can't Dean. We can try to be friends, but we can't do this. Not now."
Cas took a deep breath and tried calming down. He couldn't stop shaking despite his best efforts. "What did Cain want anyway?" He wanted to talk about anything else besides Cole. He didn't want to linger on IT. He'd bury his fears like always when he could.
Dean kept his eyes on the smaller frame as he removed his own shirts. He pulled Cas to himself, grinning as Cas turned a deep red. "are you nervous young prince?" He cupped his cheek gently and pressed their lips together more gently before Cas could answer. His free hand gripped the slender curve of his Cas's hip.
Castiel pushed through the crowd of people surrounding his throne. So much buzzing and noise around him, he hunched his shoulders, grinding his teeth as he took his seat. He glanced to Dean and Sam with a roll of his eyes. He sighed once and waved the high priest over to start the ceremony. As the old man hobbled to the throne, Cas stood faking a smile with confidence. He spread his arms, "I welcome you all to the lovely kingdom of Eastden, the vast expanse from the western shores to the greenest deep valleys of the east. While we mourn the loss of the great warrior king Cain, we must move forward together. I shall lead us to victory and peace for our kingdom as King. To the future of Eastden!" He grinned, looking towards the priest. He took a knee in front of him, putting his head down. The priest blessed Cas, then removed his circlet. He swapped out the small headpiece for the large intricate crown, placing the new one on Cas's delicate black curls. He stood back from the king, folding his hands in front of him. Cas stood again, a smirk curling over his pink lips. "Now we must rejoice!"
Cas shied away still, sitting on the bed and covered himself for a moment. "Exactly. It's only you with those dazzling, soul piercing green eyes. You're so breathtakingly beautiful, and to have you staring me down as I stand naked overwhelms me." He stole a glance to Dean's face.
Dean bit his lip, watching the innocent blue eyes for a moment. "You really haven't done anything like this, have you?" Cas shook his head quickly in response. "Well I'll check one thing off my to-do list then." He chuckled and pulled Cas's pants down slowly. He smirked as a new wave of red rushed over Cas's skin as he stood nude. "Relax Cas, it's only me."
"You must understand, Castiel. I don't only want an heir from you. I want you to be happy. Here with me."
The man grinned at Ellen, "You know I won't stop drinking. Especially when there's something to celebrate. Haven't you heard, Ellen? Old Chuck has finally croaked." He lifted his mug to the crowd behind him, "Here, here! One less royal to deal with!" The crowd cheered with him as Cas turned pale. Was the rebellion really supported this much? He should leave before someone finds him out. Cas put a gold coin on the counter for the unfinished beer and headed for the door.
Cas glanced to the door as Dean peeked in, a panic growing in his eyes. "He's healthy. The doctor says I must stay in bed until my stitches are healed." He cupped Henry's cheek, relaxing a bit as the infant fell asleep. Once his eyes were closed, Cas allowed Cain to look at Henry, but he refused to let him go.
“I suppose so, Sir. If that man were to ask the king for forgiveness though, he might find favor again.” Hannah refilled Cas’s cup, still eyeing him suspiciously. The two had grown up together despite being on opposite sides of fortune. Hannah was the closest person to a friend Cas had. She knew Cas was keeping something from her, but she didn’t want to ask him to confirm her fears.
"Leave me alone. NOW. I'll go get Dean to show you out."
Dean pulled Cas's head back, a growl rumbling in his throat. "Oh, sweetheart, I'll help you as long as your body can take it." He pressed lips around Cas's Adam's apple, grazing his teeth against the white skin. He traced his lips down his neck and across Cas's collarbone, a gentle hand on Cas's hip.
"You said your brother would take care of her; is her mother no longer with her?" Cain held Cas' hand as they spoke.
Dean cupped his cheek with his free hand, placing a gentle kiss on his swollen lips. "You're a very needy partner." He smirked as he rubbed Cas's cock with an oiled hand. Cas tightened his grip around Dean's neck, trembling as he held back an orgasm. He let go of Cas and started to apply the oil to his own cock. "Cas, I don't want to hurt you, okay? Let me know if it gets to be too much for you." He whispered, holding his face gently. He placed a kiss on his lips and pressed the head of his cock against Cas's hole, watching Cas's face as he pushed inside.
Dean sat up from the bed as well. "You know I'd prefer it if you didn't use her magic, Cas. You don't know what it'll do to you. I mean look at what happened to her. She went bat shit insane Cas."
“And when you are as powerful as I am, an eternal youth spell is simple if you’re willing.” She grinned, “newborns were the hardest ingredients to find.”
Cole smirked and looked to Alastair. The older guard sighed, taking a vial out of his pocket. He tossed it at Dean, grinning wildly as he hit the ground with a loud thud. “Wonderful little thing when prepared properly.” Alastair dragged Dean, unconscious from the room. Cole glared at Cas as he walked over unopposed now. He snatched the infant away, following Alastair out of the room. Cas sobbed, pleaded, and struggled out of bed. The stitches ripped open as he stood, stumbling forward. He screamed as he fell at Cain’s feet, tears and mucus pouring down his face. “Cain! Please!”
Thanks! ~TMC67
Cas tilted his head at the infant, cautiously walking to Dean now. The baby looked about the size Henry would be, but he was still apprehensive. He glanced to Dean, then took the infant from him. Those bright green eyes glanced up to Cas's red ones, a loud, excited giggle following. As Henry touched his face, a soulful calm washed over Cas, his eyes returning to sapphire blue. He cradled the infant to his chest, looking up to Dean. "It's really him..." He whispered, tears falling down his face. "It's Henry..." He pressed a kiss to his forehead.
"He's still in pain, but he's awake now. He just needs rest, I suppose. It was very powerful magic after all." Cain walked down the hall to his study. He motioned Dean inside when the guard stopped outside. He took a seat at his desk, pointing to the chair in front of him. "Sit, please." Dean sat, twiddling his thumbs as he waited. "How much do you know about Eastden's history?"
Cas kept his eyes on Cain while he answered. "I thought him seemed too valuable to waste." He reached for Cain's hand and laced their fingers together.
Cas stopped in front of the desk, "I needed you, and you couldn't even come yourself. You sent a single guard to find me."
“‘Rid of you?’ You make it sound as if he sees you as a pest.” Castiel stayed silent at that and looked forward to Michael as he spoke to the king of the Northern Isles. Cain studied his face for his answer, frowning when he found it. “Well we will leave Havenshire as soon as you wish, Castiel.”
Dean didn't speak. Michael was trying to anger Dean, and he wouldn't let Michael take him away from Cas. "I owe Cain my life, so I do what he expects of me. Cas won't see harm as long as I'm here to protect him."
He shoved the knife into her chest, only deep enough to draw blood. "At least, you'll die knowing it's possible."
Cas tightened his grip around his throat, "A rushed decision? The command to rip a newborn from his mother and dispose of him as if he were rubbish was a 'rushed' decision." He threw Cain back against the wall. "You killed MY son!!! MY Child, Cain."
The guards stopped him in front of the swaying noose. They had tied his hands together, but Dean was experienced in bondage. All he had to do was wait for his moment. When Uriel turned away away from him, he seized his opportunity. He pulled the small dagger from its sheath and cut the ropes around his wrists. Uriel drew his sword when he realized what was happening. He grinned at the relatively tiny blade. "You're going to need more than a pinprick to get away."
Cas winced as he took a few steps towards the water pump. "Noctis said no one but Amara knew his name anymore."
Rowena stood from her chair, a frown forming on her face. "You can't just leave! What about your husband? Your kingdom?" She rushed over to his side as Cas dressed. "You can't let Cain get away with murdering your baby. Master Noctis would want you to take revenge on him!"
Dean lifted his hips from the bed with a mischievous smirk on his face. "Ordering me around already, Prince Castiel?" He pulled Cas down into a soft kiss, pushing his tongue into Cas's mouth. He tangled a hand in the soft curls of his hair. Cas didn't seem to mind as Dean rolled them over. He was too distracted with Dean's curiosity. Cas hooked a leg around Dean's hip.
"I have my mother's eyes." Cas turned at a tree outside of the city walls and sat at the base of it. He faced the westward woods. "He didn't stop Michael and Lucifer from hurting me unless it seemed as if I'd die. I guess that's why I'm more feminine than them. Broken bones will do that." He laughed softly as he tried to hide his nervousness. The rebel leader was much more beautiful than his brothers gave him credit for.
Cain sighed as he cupped Cas's face. "My dear, do you know why I, an old man, remarried this late in life?" Cas shook his head. "Because I needed an heir. Someone to keep my kingdom protected and safe during war and peace. There were no young women available for marriage, and you were my only option. Rowena has found a spell that will allow you to bear children, and while I want you to partake of it, I don't want to force you into the magic." He pressed a kiss to Cas's forehead. "Since your mother died giving birth to you, you are more adept to this type of magic."
"Enough Amara! Where is he?!" He roared in anger. He charged her and thrust the knife into her stomach, but the blade shattered as if it were made of glass.
Cas shook his head, "You know that's not what I meant. I want you gone. Forever. Just like my little Henry." He plunged the knife into Cain's stomach, dragging it up into Cain's chest. "I'll see you in hell." He kicked the body over and glanced back to the guards entering the room. "My, my. It looks like I've found myself in the sticky situation." The guards circled him, and he let them think they would win until the first made a move towards him. Cas took out three guards before they had enough sense to surrender. He twirled Cain's crown around his wrist, a gleeful smile on his face. "Long live the new king."
“I don’t think he’ll find out, Hannah. Take heart, I’ll stay safe as long as I can trust you to stay silent about this.” He smiled slightly as he looked at their hands. “I think I love him, Hannah. Oh, I know it sounds silly, but something about him shakes my very being. I have to help him escape.”
“That would make you centuries old, though. His family is one of the original twelve.” Cas scrunched his eyebrows together in confusion.
Sam stood in the door, frowning more as he watched Dean scurry around the tent. "You can't take Emma with you. It's too dangerous to take her. What if you get caught?"
Dean shook his head, "I should've been here to protect you. I shouldn't have let Cain talk me into leaving."
Cas hadn't left his chambers for three days after Dean's betrayal. How could he have been so foolish? The rebel used him to get in at the castle. The cold clink of the shackles echoed through his mind. The faux pain in Dean's eyes. Everything about Dean haunted him. Luckily he'd be free of him today. Cas had told Cain he wanted to wait for the execution, and Cas agreed to stay. Cas didn't want Dean to die, but he felt like seeing him executed would give him some sort of twisted closure. He wiped his face free of tears and mucus when his door creaked open.
Dean closed his eyes and pulled away from her. Cas wouldn’t invite this creature into himself, would he? A tightness formed in his chest, aching as he thought over Cas’s behavior. “How do I find this Luxa chick? She must know how to stop Noctis or something.”
"And what? You can fight your way through the first few dozen guards, but then you have each royal's guard not to mention Anna and Lilith's entourages. You'd need the full city's support, and with as many nobles that have property here, that's going to be a challenge. You'd have to get the nobles on your side."
Dean's skin chilled underneath Cas's soft fingertips, and he couldn't help but tense as Cas touched him. He held his breath as Cas continued to touch him. He cleared his throat after a moment, "How is your water warm here?"
"Lady Amara knew his name, but she wasn't the only one. All witches know Noctis, but only Amara dared to draw power from him." Rowena watched the prince stumble over to the water pump in the corner of the room. "Until
Cas protested at first, but when met with Amara's stern face, he quietly agreed and left the two alone again. Dean practiced his breathing, and the blackness of his eyes shrunk back to normal, his green eyes slightly duller than before. "What do you have that I want? You've turned the only man I've ever loved against me."
Cas jumped on Dean's back and wrapped his arms around Dean's torso. His eyes glowed a bright blue in response to Dean's inky black abysses. As he gripped Dean's shoulder, his handprint seared itself into Dean's skin; Dean roared in pain and annoyance as he tried to break Cas's grip.
The doctor wiped down his tools, looking at Cas. "I can call them in if you're ready. Cain will be ecstatic to have a son." He started to the door after packing his bag. "You'll need to rest in bed for a few days until your stitches heal.
Dean was out on patrol with Sam when a courier came barreling down the road towards Wingsworth. Dean flagged him down, "What's the rush? Who died?"
Cas let his eyes trace the outlines of Dean's strong shoulders then took a step inside the room and shut the door behind him. He leaned against the closed door. "Why did you come here specifically, though? No one has been to Elladonton for as long as I can remember."
"Cain told me where you were. He wanted me to make sure you didn't hurt yourself." He chuckled, putting his hands in his pockets.
Cain cried out as his wrist snapped, making a growling laugh. "He's gone! Can't you get that through your thick skull? I told you, he died on the floor of our room. Check for yourself, you ingrate." He sat on the floor, still laughing madly. "He's gone, and you're to blame! Your child killed him!"
Dean raised an eyebrow, "A knife? Sure I can. We'll go to town tomorrow after training and get you a blade first though."
Before Cas could respond, Michael came over and clapped his arms around the two brothers, pulling them towards himself. "Brothers! We must celebrate my coronation properly. I want every dignitary from every kingdom to come. Especially all of the single ones." He eyed Cas with a devious smirk, "If we don't get you married off soon, you'll be an old bachelor for life. You're nearly twenty now."
Mature content
Cas sighed; he knew as soon as a marriage proposal came to MIchael, he'd be whisked away to a new far away kingdom. Michael and Lucifer would have drowned him as a child if their father hadn't stopped them. "You think I don't know that Lucifer? You two will be rid of me as soon as you can profit from it. I've never understood why you hate me so much."
Amara continued to smile and walked slowly over to him, her bare feet softly patting against the cracked stone floor. She cupped his stained face and pierced his intense gaze with her own. "Interesting. You refuse to let him go even though you knowingly hurt him." She wiped his bottom lip free of bloodstains with her thumb. "Castiel isn't here, that much Abaddon told you was true."
Cas was on fire again; Dean's scent overwhelmed him, and he found himself racing his hands through Dean's hair. "I'm getting married in a fortnight, Dean. I can't."
"How would that look? The virgin prince alone in his chambers with the rebel leader; how on earth would you explain that?" Dean grinned and looked towards the balcony door then back to Cas's bed. "Can't have a dirty peasant traitor deflower the prince. No, no, no. It'd ruin Michael's plans for you."
She followed his gaze, sitting her tea cup down in its saucer with a clink. “Straight to the point, I see. You’ve been brought here to receive my mark.”
“Oh I wouldn’t worry about that part, Dean. I can put her back.” She grinned and pulled a bowl from one of her bags. “Just sit there and look pretty, darling. I have everything I need.” She sat candles around the circle. As she lit them, she dumped her component bags into the bowl. “Now, I just need a bit of blood to bind her here.” She brought out a small ritual knife and sliced her hand open, then started her incantation, “Audi me spiritum. Veni ad me, parere imperio meo! Dulcis domine O! Surge et sile”
After a long day's travel, Cain made his horsemen stop at a small inn on the border between Eastden and Havenshire. He bought four rooms for the night and led Cas to his room after dinner. Cas pulled on Cain's shirt, standing on his toes to kiss him. "Please stay with me tonight. I want~ you..." He whispered.
Cas looked over his shoulder with a smirk and got off of Dean. "You can't touch me until you're aching for me." He gulped, surprised with himself with how well he was hiding his nerves. He eyed Dean as he crawled between his legs. "I suppose since I haven't any oil, I'll have to find another way to lubricate." He pushed Dean's legs apart, stroking his soft cock slowly.
“Of course, mother.” He mumbled, pausing for a moment. Mother? “Why have you asked me here?” He asked softly, focusing on his wedding band. “Cain won’t approve of my disappearance.”
"As much as I want Michael and Lucifer to pay, doing it your way has proven itself destructive." Cas glanced to his reflection, touching the red glowing eyes on the mirror. "I can't afford to hurt Dean or the children." He turned away from the mirror, starting towards the door. "Soon I'll put you away. No one will ever use you again."
Cas’s eyes fluttered open. He was in his room again? Had it all been a dream? The pain radiating from his rear argued against his dream theory. He groaned as he sat up, rubbing his lower back. His handmaiden, Hannah, entered his chambers to check on him.
Cas got down from the cool stone alter. He rubbed his stomach absently, glancing around Rowena's hovel. "How'd I get here? Where's my son?" He looked around for his shirt.
Alastair slammed the knife down into the table next to Dean's face. "Like I said, as long as it isn't on my time, I don't care what my guards do." He grabbed the knife again and yanked it down Dean's shirt, exposing his bare skin. "Let's begin."
Cain groaned as he hit the back wall, slowly getting up from the floor. "Castiel, I didn't want to hurt you. I never did. Seeing those green eyes and knowing a guard, a simple guard, the one I trusted everything with had been with you, I couldn't let him win." He looked at Castiel, "Even to think that his hands had been where mine were, calling you his when you were mine, I couldn't just let him steal you away from me."
Cas splashed his face with water as she spoke. "what about my son? Have you heard any word of him?"
Cas pulled Dean's face up so he could look into those beautiful green eyes. "You have everything figured out, love." He chuckled. Cas climbed on top of Dean when he laid on his back. "I have no oils here."
"Where is he?" Dean asked in a gruff, demanding voice. "And don't give me that innocent act. You were the one who took him." He pointed his knife in the woman's direction.
Dean's stomach dropped to his feet. "He's not dead. You wouldn't be down here if he was gone."
Amara glanced out of the window, “he didn’t want to remember her. Her death was tragic.” She put her tea down and folded her hands together on the table. “It was during the Great War between the Kingdoms; Colette had come to Cain’s base to surprise him with news of her pregnancy, but he was out with a scouting party. Raiders came and found Queen Colette alone. They took her back with them, raped and tortured her. despite her pleads, they continued and when she told them of her pregnancy, the leader of the raiders finally took pity on her. They carried her head on a pike into war with Cain, and he tore every single man into pieces with his bear hands in his rage and mourning.”
Cas closed the balcony doors behind him, so Cain wouldn't wake. "Who are you talking about?"
Once guests started to leave for their rooms and the delights of the city, Michael pulled his middle brother into his room to speak. He sat at the end table, hands folded together as he mulled his decisions. "Lucifer, we need to discuss what we should do with our dear baby brother."
He blinked once as his fantasy faded away. He cleared his throat before he looked into Amara's eyes. "Can I court him? Properly? Since he thinks you're his mother, I'm sure he'd appreciated me asking."
Dean kept his voice level, deciding to call Alastair's bluff. No one would even know that he was with Cas. "You mean, Castiel?" Dean laughed once, his eyes glaring at Alastair. "Why would I be the prince when every single one of those sons a bitches deserve a knife in their throats?"
"I'm ready, Dean. Make it easy?" Cas breathed slowly, closing his eyes as he prepared himself.
She walked over to a table near the east window and sat the food down. She took her own seat, pointing to the chair across from her. “Sit dear. You need to eat before we discuss anything.”
Cas balled his fists together. "Are you afraid of her?" His lip twitched in slight excitement as Cain's eyes darted away. He would finally have a leg up on someone. He puffed out his chest. "You are... That's why you sent Dean alone. He has your mark. You knew you couldn't take her in a fight." He laughed wildly at Cain. "Not even Dean could handle her. It's not possible for you to destroy her. She's an ancient powerful being, and you cannot fathom the strength she possessed." Cas reached in his bag and tossed Amara's crown on Cain's desk. "I've tripled your kingdom's size." He turned to the door, leaving Cain fumbling over the crown. "You're welcome." He said as he slammed the door him as he left Cain in bewilderment. He refused to be weak any longer.
This is a bonus chapter for you guys who followed the story from the beginning. Even for those who are reading this in the future. I promised this chapter to make up for being late posting chapter 8.
Cas shrugged, "I play with it, use it to go across the castle." He pulled away from Dean and  stood up, grabbing his clothes and dressing himself. "Rowena teaches me easier spells. Cain doesn't know yet."
Michael nodded, turning back to the flowers. "I have good news for you as well. The king of Eastden agreed to a peace treaty if we give him your hand in marriage. I told him we'd gladly make the arrangements. When he arrives for my coronation, we'll sign the treaty, and you'll return to Eastden with him. Finally, some good will come of you."
Raphael laughed deeply and nudged Uriel’s side. “Listen to him pretending he actually has authority.”
"Dean wouldn't do that! I know he still loves me. I know it." Cas whispered, trying and failing to convince himself of that truth.
Dean shook his head again quickly, "If I may be so bold, your highness, but I believe you should take him. He needs you to be there for him, not me."
Cain stood from the throne, looking at him mouth agape. "No, you died! The doctor said you lost too much blood!"
The guards glanced to one another for a moment until Uriel pulled the keys from his belt. He opened the cell for the prince, handing him the keys. “Leave us. Michael doesn’t need your reports when he has mine.” The two guards shrugged and walked down to a mess hall where other guards were starting to gather.
“Many things, my king. But what do I gain if I help you?”
She crunched another bite of the apple and looked over his shoulder to the blank canvas. "A courier brought a letter today while you were out. It has the royal seal on it." She looked to Cas when he started coughing. "If the king wants you to paint something, you could have us set for life." She came back to him with the sealed letter and handed it to him. She hugged around his waist, dancing fingers across his scar. "Read it, I'm curious."
Four hours, twenty-six minutes, and forty-two seconds. Dean had spent four hours, twenty-six minutes, and forty-two seconds in agonizing pain. His insides were shredded for now, but they'd stitch back together for Alastair to chop them apart again. He coughed up blood and spat it in the floor. "I have... to get to my duties..." He whispered in a raspy, pained voice.
Cas had his legs draped over the side of the throne, zapping a low hanging vine with his magic out of boredom. He turned to the door when it opened, a grin on his face. "Michael! Lucifer! So glad to see you've..." He stopped and watched Dean and a small girl come in. He stood from his seat, his grin turning into anger. He hurdled a small dagger at Dean, purposefully grazing the side of his face. "YOU! Cain said you were dead!"
Dean chuckled softly and put his arms behind his back. "Good morning, Prince Castiel. I see you're getting ready for the royal wedding. I hope you find great happiness with King Cain." He smirked and kept his eyes forward.
Cas chuckled and opened the door. "I can assure you, Dean. I've never met you before in my life. How could I forget such a beautiful face?"
A pointed grin spread across the man's face as he spoke with a nasally voice, "Well, well, well. The infamous Dean Winchester eating porridge in my humble mess hall. Truly an honor. I never thought I'd get to meet, let alone dine, with Havenshire's most... brilliant rebel." His gaze drifted over Dean's face, a deadness behind his eyes, "I have to say, I'm not very impressed with the man behind the legend. You're much shorter than I thought you'd be."
Cas clutched Henry, "give me a few moments with him. Then they may come in." He whispered, eyes locked with his son's.
Cas nodded and took his seat. He attacked the meal in front of him, moaning appreciatively. He cut into a steaming pastry, looking back to Amara. He forgot why he wanted to rush away from her. “Please give your cooks the highest compliments.”
Dean glanced to the would-be thief, genuinely smiling for the first time in four days. "Sam?" He climbed down and hugged his younger brother, "I've missed your musk." He laughed, wiping tears from his eyes.
Cas nodded with a frown, following Cain back to the red headed woman. She was speaking in a language Cas couldn't understand when they came to her. She eyed him up as she spoke, "And you're sure, he's the one you want this spell to be on? I can only perform this once." She held a large chalice full of an unsavory liquid.
The few servants Cas had kept hurried to get breakfast on the table as Cas sat down with Henry and Emma. The three ate quietly, still adjusting to each other's presence. After breakfast, Cas handed the children off to their nanny, then he walked back to his room to get ready for the coronation ceremony. As he clasped his cloak around his shoulders, he glanced in his mirror with a frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean stepped back from the door when Cain came out and tried to peek inside at Cas. He cleared his throat as he looked to Cain. "Is he alright? I figured he would've woken up by now."
Noctis grinned as he felt Dean sit back down on the bed. He could sense Dean's hesitance, yet he wanted to see if Dean would even try. Once he settled for defeat, Noctis rolled over on his side and grabbed Dean's shoulder. "Good morning, my love." He whispered, getting out of bed. He kissed his temple and pulled his robe over his body. "Slept well I hope." He sat at the vanity, playing with his brushes.
Cas dropped his knife from his sleeve and sauntered over to Cain. "I was never yours, Cain. Dean always had my heart, my love. Amara said we were bound together, and you could never keep us apart. Only now are we separated." He traced the cold metal blade along Cain's jaw. "Noctis tells me to take revenge, a slow painful revenge, but I want your crown, and I want it now."
Cain laughed softly and turned to the smaller frame behind him. "Funny, too. I think I got the better deal, sweet Cas."
“You know I care about you, Cas.” He slung the bag over his shoulder, “That’s why I have to go.” He mumbled and walked over to Cas. He kissed his temple, “Hang in there, I promise I won’t be gone too long.” Dean headed for the door, “Take care of Henry and Emma while I’m away. Jess can help if you get overwhelmed.”
Dean shrugged and glanced back to the witch for a moment. “Is there something that can take over a body?”
Dean held Henry to his chest as he laid the cradleboard on the bed. He swaddled the pouting baby, strapped him in, and then slung him on his back. "Cas is alive. I've got to go back to Eastden with Henry and Emma."
"Amara, I know everything. I know you filled my head with lies and false memories. You've kept me here for four months!"
Lucifer glanced back to his younger brother. “‘Castiel’s project?’” He raised an eyebrow, “don’t you mean your project?”
Cas turned to his right and rushed through the walls of the castle until he arrived back in Cain's study. He materialized at Cain's desk and pulled the drawers open, scattering papers and pens around.
Cas smiled back, kissing his forehead, "Good morning, Dean." He chuckled, resting a hand on his chest. "I didn't wake you, did I?"
Lucifer smirked as Michael glanced back to Cas. "Well, we'll have to take care of that, now won't we?"
"Cas..." Dean held his cheek tenderly. "I don't use you. I want you to be happy... with me."
"Tomorrow morning. Though, when I tell Cain about Cole, he'll want me to stay with you until he can deal with Cole."
"Because your brothers seem like the type to pass you off as a woman." Dean noticed Cas's blush and decided to push his luck. He took Cas's wrist and held it out. "See how thin your arm is compared to mine? You're so," he pinned Cas's hands above his head as he pressed him back to the wall, "dainty." He whispered the word.
Dean let the courier move on as he turned back to Sam. "He's alive... I have to. We have to go back, Sam."
"i never thought I'd be in love with someone outside of my marriage." Cas blushed as he spoke, sinking into the blankets and bed. He admitted he loved Dean out loud in front of him.
Cas stayed in bed after the doctor left. He held a hand on his stomach, his heart racing at the thought of being with child. Dean entered the room well into the morning, smiling at Cas. "Cain said you were feeling ill, so I came to see you. Are you alright?"
Dean came in the room, a smile plastered on his face. Seeing Cas glow with child put his worries about Amara’s magic to rest. He seemed to be normal now. He walked over to Cas and rubbed his back. “What has you downcast today, love? You have so much to cherish.”
Dean shook his head, "How can you just sit here and do nothing while Abaddon could be hurting Cas? What kind of king are you?" He grabbed the bottle of brandy from Cain. "You're nothing like you were in the war. What has happened to you?"
Cas adjusted the crown after Dean pulled away. Black ink crept through his veins on his face. "Not yet." He laughed darkly, holding Dean's face. "When I have Eastden's throne, I'll march on Havenshire."
Dean tilted Cas's head up, stealing a kiss from him. "Cas, like I told you last night, we're in this together now. Nothing, not even this god or whatever he is, will separate us. I'm bound to you, and you're bound to me. You're not going to get rid of me that easily." He smiled, brushing his hair back. "So just say you'll marry me. I can't stand the thought of another royal treaty keeping us apart." He kissed his cheek, whispering "marry me" over and over as he moved his kisses along his jaw and neck.
"I left because I wanted to, but it was foolish. If you hadn't tackled me out of the way, I would be dead. Two birds with one stone. Michael wouldn't have to marry me off, and you'd have one less royal to worry with."
Dean bit his lip and glanced back to the mark. He wanted Cas back more than anything in the world. He wanted to see Cas's smile, the small crinkles around his eyes, the warmth he brought into every room he entered. But it wouldn't be Cas if he didn't remember the true way Dean treated him. Amara offered him everything he could dream of, but he knew it would only be an allusion. His Castiel knew pain and grief and sorrow. He wanted Cas to forgive him on his own. He wanted to see his daughter and give her the life she deserved to have. "I won't do it that way Amara. Give me the time to win Cas back. If he breaks free of your magic, he comes with me to Eastden. If I can't free him, I'll leave without him and return news of his death so that you and him may live in peace here. Cain won't come for him if he's dead."
"I see. Even the royal family has dysfunction." Dean laughed softly. "I'm sorry for your father, though. I know how difficult that loss is."
"I waited for the right person to come along with enough rage and pain to contain me, and there you were, aching for a chance at revenge." He brushed his hair. "I've forgotten what being human feels like. Now, I really do have some unfinished business to take care of." He stood and dressed quickly, a smirk forming. He held the brush for a moment then threw it into the mirror. He watched the mirror shatter, then turned to find his dear spy of a brother.
Dean's eyes widened and looked at the yawning baby. Henry settled on Dean's eyes, cooing happily at the familiar face. Dean pressed his forehead to Henry's, breaking down in full body sobs. He knelt down, just crying into the bundle of blankets Henry was swaddled in. A small set of arms tried to wrap around his back; Dean turned around and smiled at Emma. He wiped his face and sat on the ground. "Hi baby. Have you been good while I was away?"
"Get more guards down there now! He's not getting away from us this time!" Michael shouted as Dean started the fight; soon the gallows were surrounded by men and swords. Dean couldn't make his way out this alive. At least his death would bring Cas some happiness. Dean glanced to Cas one last time; he was whispering something to the older gentleman.
Cain nodded with a glance back to Dean. "Until my head guard retires, I want you to be his protector while I'm gone on business. You've just proven you can handle his particular 'charm'." He brushed Cas's hair gently. "You need rest, darling. We have a full day of planning tomorrow." Cain led Cas to the western tower, the one that overlooked the sea. He held his hand as they climbed stairs. "I hope you don't mind Dean being your guard. I know you may not trust him, but I feel as though he won't harm you."
Dean heard a soft gust of air as he laid in his bed. He looked around for a moment, rolling out of bed when he saw Cas near the end of the barracks. He held Cas's hand and helped Cas sit on the empty bed. "What are you doing down here? You're about to have a baby in a dirty barracks hall."
Cas's cheeks went red hot, eyes narrowing at Dean. "And why would I have a husband?"
Michael had already turned his attention to Lucifer and waved his hand dismissively. Cas took his chance and sped from the room, racing down the stairs to find a moment's peace. He fled to his mother's rose garden; Father had let him restore the garden once he was old enough. He sat on the bench near the small pond and rested his head in his hands. He could always run away to avoid marriage, but where would he go? He sat in thought for some time until the noise from the city overwhelmed his mind. Cas walked over to an opened servant gate and looked around himself. The guards weren't paying close attention to who came in and out, so Cas slipped through the gates in a crowd leaving the castle.
Dean headbutted her and tightened his grip on the hilt of his knife. Abaddon held her bleeding nose before she charged Dean with her own knife. She slashed across his torso, but Dean jumped back before she cut him. Dean grabbed her wrist and shook her hand violently to make her drop the knife, but she kicked him off of her. The two continued back and forth for advantage over each other until Abaddon finally knocked Dean's knife away from him and pinned him to the floor with her knife against his throat. She straddled him.
When Cas arrived back, Michael met him in the rose garden. He smiled as he smelled a rose, looking to Cas as he came into the garden. He grinned, "We have the rebel leader. The guards caught him buried in some two bit whore. How about that?"
“He betrayed me. We were to be married; my father had given him a substantial dowry, but Adam used it to marry a maiden from a few villages over, Eve.” She grinned as she picked up her tea again. “To show I harbored no ill feelings, I bestowed my mark on Adam and told him that power and fame will follow whoever bared it. He didn’t realized how much that power would cost him.” She laughed softly, “Eve died during the birth of their second child, and young Seth perished in the harsh winter without a mother to care for him. He felt the same pain I felt when he left me and more.” She took another sip. “Every king thinks the misfortune of his father will never sully his reign, but it always does.”
Michael watched Dean for a moment, a smirk playing over his lips. "I do hope your daughter is well. She didn't have the best father figure before." He waved, descending the stairs in silence. Dean frowned as he pressed back against the wall. How did Michael know about Emma? Why didn't he just shove the king down the stairs while he had the chance? He could have helped his people, but he wasn't worried about them. He hadn't worried about his friends and family since being with Cas. He hadn't thought of Emma since Cain's prying questions. Dean shook his head. He couldn't let his personal baggage cloud his judgement today. He stood outside of Cas's room dutifully, turning away any other visitors that came.
Cas rubbed his arm hesitantly before he answered. He didn't know what to do. Dean had hurt deeply, but he didn't deserve death. Perhaps he could pull something out of thin air to save him. "Yes, I will accompany you." He pulled a cape over his shoulders and put his circlet on. "Let us go. I don't want to miss this." He linked his arm with Cain's as he desperately thought of a way to save Dean.
Lucifer retched, clutching his stomach. He slumped down, coughing up black blood. The familiar black ink crawled through his veins from the wound, rotting the flesh as it moved. As his body stilled, Noctis carved a raven from the wound. He wiped the blade on his shirt and squatted over him. “Spiro vitam…” He muttered. The raven burst from the carving and landed next Noctis. “Seek out Michael, show him your origins; let him know his irrelevant spy is dead.” The raven cawed once and flew away. As it did, Lucifer’s body crumbled to ash, blowing away in a soft breeze. Noctis stood and dusted his hands together. “A waste really. He could’ve been such a good ally.”
"No, no. You didn't, love. I'm usually up before the sun is, but I guess sharing a warm bed with a beautiful man made it hard to wake up." He covered Cas's hand with his own, staying still in bed. "Marry me, Cas."
Cas pulled Dean into another kiss. "Fine. I won't use it on Cain. I'll give him a real memory if it'll soothe your worries."
She smiled and pulled the strap of her dress aside. “This mark, sweetheart. Not that horrid brand. I wouldn’t want to soil your skin with a hot iron brand.”
Dean stepped on Cole's groin, "Where is my son?" He picked him up by the scruff of his shirt. "What did you do with the baby?"
Amara speaks Latin and the (very) rough translation is “I give this brand to you to protect yourself, to bless your family, and to curse your enemies.”
Cain's eyes narrowed and swung the knife down towards his chest, but Dean grabbed Cain's wrist with his freed hand. He snapped it back and sat up. His body pulled the flayed muscles and skin together, healing itself like it was a minor cut. "Where is Cas?"
"Why are you here?" Cas crossed his arms over his chest. "Mother and I don't like uninvited guests." He stayed closed to the door, shifting back and forth as he struggled to make up his mind.
Amara glanced at his reflection as she readied herself for the day. She smiled warmly despite his seething expression. "Good morning, Emmanuel. I didn't expect to see you this early after such a *physical* evening." She laughed to herself.
"So what if he dies. He's stolen something from me I can never get back from him." Cas struggled against Alastair's hold. "Get off of me!"
Dean smirked with a fury burning in his eyes. "You won't ever extinguish the rebellion. Especially with how your rule plays out." Dean pushed him towards the stairwell. "Now leave Cas alone. He's got enough to worry about without you threatening him."
Dean grinned before he chuckled, burying his laughs in the crook of Cas's neck. "Wow, you really haven't done anything like this."
"It's Amara's true mark. She gave it to me when I arrived here." Cas kissed Dean's hand. "That's why I can use her magic."
Cas closed his eyes and melted into Dean's chest, sucking in his breath before he wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. "If you're so dead set on marrying me, then I have no choice." He smiled, "As long as I can announce it to my brothers after my coronation as king."
Dean pulled his lips into a sour, saddened smile as Cas turned away from him. His voice cracked as he spoke, trying to stifle his tears. "Of course. How could you forget?" He followed Cas into the dining hall in silence. His heart ached for Cas, but Cas was gone, and Emmanuel was here in his place. Dean stopped at the archway on the dining room, crossing his arms as Cas took his seat beside Amara. Perhaps Dean could win over Emmanuel and restart a life with Cas. He looked to Amara when Cas sat down next to her. He watched the two together: Amara kept Cas engaged in conversation throughout their meal, gently touching his hands, face, and hair. She wiped his face after every bite. She genuinely treated Cas as a child, her child. Dean couldn't take Cas away from such a nurturing environment, it just wouldn't be fair to him.
The physician pulled the curtain around Charles's bed, shaking his head grizzly. He looked to the eldest prince, parting his cracked lips with a saddened twitch. "King Charles has joined the beautiful Queen Rebekah in the great beyond. His dying wish was for Michael to be crowned king."
The candles’ fire roared and winked out after a moment. The room was quiet, empty, still. Dean crossed his arms. “Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” The flames scorched the room as the candles came back to life.
Cas chuckled and dragged Dean to his room in a rush. When he reached the door, he glanced around the hallway before he pulled Dean inside with a swift slam of the door. "Mother has decided to retire early for the day, so we won't be needed for dinner tonight." He bit his lip as he looked up to Dean, a playfulness dancing in his deep blue eyes. He gripped the front of Dean's shirt in both hands, stood on his toes, and pressed their lips together before Dean could even think of protesting. He moved his lips in tandem with Dean's, melting into Dean's chest before he pulled in a breathless pant as Dean whined for more. "I've wanted to do that for a while now." He whispered, smoothing Dean's shirt.
"I couldn't just let you get trampled though. That's a horribly slow and painful death. I'd make it quick." He teased and sat next to Cas. "Besides, what if you'd been just 'Jimmy'? You seem to be more on my side than Michael's. Why don't you join us? We could use an insider."
Cas touched the golden ring on his finger. “Do you think that’s why Cain gave the mark to Dean after we married?”
"That's why I want you to accept. You know the injustices to avoid, and I feel as though you're worthy enough to bear the mark." He extended his right hand over the desk, "You and I are kindred spirits, more alike than you think, Dean, so what do you say?"
She laughed once, sucking in a sharp breath with a depraved grin on her face. “Without me, you have no way of saving your husband from the darkness he let in.” Dean lowered her back to the ground, still aggressively tense as he watched her. “Now, he’s dabbled with Lord Noctis, or the Great Void. The only being that has even a chance of helping Castiel is Lady Luxa, the Radiant Light.”
Cas glanced to the closed door behind him. "Then Cain is the only betrayed person here. I've not been faithful to him."
Cas hurled the second dagger at him, screaming. "DON'T TELL ME WHAT HENRY WOULD WANT!!"
Two thrones sat in the center of the room, one slightly duller than the other. In the shinier seat sat a red headed woman twirling a small blade between her fingers. Her legs hung over the arm of the chair. She grinned as Dean stopped a few feet in front of her and sat upright. "What has the cat dragged in today? A very scrumptious cut of meat?" She purred as she steadied her blade.
He chuckled and led her into the nursery so he could get Henry. "I am right now, but in a few days, I'll be king of Eastden and Elladonton. That'll make you a princess then." He smiled as he went over to Henry's crib, picking the smiling baby up. He held him on his hip as he led Emma back down to the dining hall. "We'll get you all the prettiest, poofiest dresses you could ever want."
Cas went numb as Cole grinded against him. He felt like his spirit was fleeing him, and he went limp. He saw no point in fighting against the man. His arm would be broken if he moved too much. He started sobbing into the mattress as Cole's cold hand touched his bare skin, and then his arm was released. He continued to sob into the bed, laying just as Cole had had him.
Dean clenched his jaw, watching the sorceress take joy in his problem. “What do you know, witch?”
Cain puffed out his chest slightly. "So you know my story?"
Cain raised an eyebrow as he watched the young prince. "Well of course it does, but you shouldn't push yourself, love. Maybe after you've eaten?" Cain held his cheek. "I want you to be healthy right now. We can worry about consummating after that."
Dean stretched once before he opened his eyes, closing them almost immediately with a grin. "Good morning, Cas." He mumbled, rubbing the sleep from his face.
Cas sat at his new vanity, a pout settling on his face. “Oh, why can’t you send troops instead of leaving me alone for weeks?” He brushed his hair, grinning at the mirror.
Cas groaned and scrunched his eyebrows together. He dug his nails into Dean's back, arching against his body. "My god, Dean!" He tugged on Dean's hair and trying to relax back on the bed. His breathing evened out and he nodded for Dean to continue. Dean brushed his hair back, kissing Cas as he snapped his hips against Cas's. He smirked at Cas's whimper, and he pulled away to hold his hips as Dean thrusted quicker. Cas's eyes crossed, gripping Dean's shoulders firmly. He ached for a release. "P-please.. Dean, I - I can't fight it anymore."
Lucifer chuckled and shoved the maid away. He pulled the strings of the undershirt tighter than Castiel wanted them to be. “Almost. Michael is trying to sell more of your aspects to King Cain while he waits. I told him to leave the king alone, so he doesn’t change his mind about the peace treaty.”
Cas smiled warmly and covered Dean's hand. "Do you have any names? I want your preferences." He nuzzled against Dean's neck, sighing heavily.
Sam puffed out his chest proudly, leading Dean to his tent. Jess was nursing an infant when Sam came inside the large tent. She greeted Sam with a smile, patting the baby's back. "Did you get anything?"
Dean shook his head, "It's not that, Sam. He wouldn't even look at Henry this morning. Cas would never ignore Henry, especially now. I don't know if I can do this, Sam. That's not the man I love."
Cas nodded, keeping an arm around Dean after introductions had been made. "He's in the nursery with his nanny. Hannah can take you there if you'd like. I'm sure Sam can swim through the politics of royalty without his wise wife." He pointed to Hannah along the wall, bringing Dean and Sam over to Michael and Lucifer. "Michael, Lucifer, this is my fiance, Dean, and his brother Sam."
"You and Castiel are bound to each other. You cannot destroy him, and he cannot destroy you. No matter the distance between you, any curses or blessings placed on you, not even my old and forgotten magic will separate you." Amara frowned slightly.
Dean shook his head in denial. He watched Cain cut through his shirt. "I really hope you're lying. Because if Cas is dead because of your inaction, I'll personally put your head on pike."
Cas squeaked when Lucifer tightened the undershirt. He exhaled slightly since now, he couldn’t breathe properly. Today would be a long dull day filled with condolences about Charles and congratulations about his marriage and Michael’s succession. Cas picked up his circlet after he fastened his top shirt in place. He ran a finger over the silver band to the three smooth oval onyx stones in the center. He sighed and placed it on his head, concealing it with his jet black hair. “I suppose I’m ready then. Let us welcome in the reign of King Michael.”
Cain looked to Cas then back to Rowena. "I'm sure. It has to be him. He's exactly what you said he needed to be. His mother died giving birth to him, so he's the perfect choice."
Cas shook his head once, "No, my legs are still aching. The spell was very painful. I'd like to just be alone for a while. Please?"
He nodded and pulled away from Dean, "Just nervous, you know? Second marriage in barely a year's time. Hopefully ours last much much longer." He smiled, leaning to kiss Dean.
Dean watched her gather vines, “I think she was in her bedroom. Be careful around here. The walls look like they could fall down any minute.” He followed Rowena around the castle as she gathered a few more scraps of plants from the castle grounds. “When are we doing this? We have to get back before that bastard does something to Cas or the kids.”
Cas made a halfhearted smile as he looked over the print. "Mother never showed me how to do that. It just happened." He leaned back on the door. "I feel drawn to you, and despite every rational thought screaming to stay away, I find myself wanting to be near you." He tilted his gaze back to Dean's eyes. "Do you have a wife, Dean?"
"That's the thing with you royals." He walked them to the bed, pressing Cas to it. "You talk and talk and talk." He pulled Cas's pants down, trailing his fingers along the bare skin of Cas's thigh. "But when the big moment comes, you forget how to act."
“Just do it, Rowena. I have to help Cas, and I want to do it right. We’ll only have one shot at this because once Noctis knows we’re out for his head, he’ll hurt Cas. God knows what will happen.” His eyes fell to his boots as he shook with fear. “I can’t lose him, not after everything we’ve been through.”
Dean's eyes fluttered, his vision becoming spotty. He felt weak, he felt helpless. He started to fade out, but the thought of Cas being in the same position, weak, helpless, at Cain's mercy made Dean push through the faint feelings. He couldn't let Cain win, not like this. He closed his eyes and concentrated on all the pain he felt: the physical pain from his opened abdomen, the pain from failing to protect Cas and Henry when they needed him the most. His rage built in his chest, and he pulled the restraint off the right side of the table. His eyes flew open, black pools met Cain's stoic gaze. "Run."
“Oh, Castiel! Please tell me you’re joking! Michael will have your head if he finds out.” She started to tear up and squeezed his hands. “Even if you’re taken away to Eastden, King Michael will find a way to end you.”
“You’ll just have to accept your lot in life now. Sex when I want you. Guard duty when my husband is around.” He teased and closed his eyes. “My big beautiful beau, I’ll treat you like you deserve.” He cuddled to Dean’s side, slowly falling asleep surrounded by his warmth.
Cain, unphased by the threat, moved a few steps back. He finally let Hannah go for the doctor. “You’ve already stabbed me in the back once Castiel. Look at how well that turned out.” He left Cas alone, on the floor in his blood, fading out of consciousness. He had someone else to deal with now.
Cas gulped and tightened his grip on the dagger. "What does Amara ask of me in return for her help? She never offers herself without something in return."
“Have they had you without water or food? They shouldn’t have had you shackled like that. Michael is cruel, but he wouldn’t let you starve to death.” Cas placed a gentle hand on Dean’s thigh. “I’m leaving for Eastden in a few days. Cain agreed to a peace treaty if he had my hand in marriage. I wanted to help you escape before I leave.”
Dean smiled slightly, running a hand through Cas's curled black hair. "Oh, so you're in love with someone other than me and Cain? How many suitors do you have, Cas?" He teased and kissed his forehead. "I love you too, Cas. That's why we should run away. Tomorrow, you will be someone else's to hold, to caress, to kiss. I don't like watching him touch you. You're mine, Cas."
Cain rushed into the bedroom with the doctor, frowning when he saw Dean in their room. "What are you doing?"
Three days of listless travel, Dean found himself trotting along the main road a few miles outside of Wingsworth. As he neared the forest , a tall man stood against one of the trees close to the road. He walked up to the horse, snatched the reigns to control the animal, and pressed a blade to Dean's groin. "Drop your gold and nobody'll..." He looked up at Dean with a confused look, "Dean?"
As Raphael held Dean with a sword drawn, Uriel unchained the prince. “What happened here? How did he get free of his shackles?”
Cas nodded as he pulled off his circlet. He sat the two crowns next to each other. "How do I move you, Noctis?" He watched the smoke swirl around the two crowns, his eyes glowing brighter.
"Flattery will get you nowhere with me, boy." She whispered, pressing her lips against Dean's. She pulled away from him slowly. "I see why Cas loved so... deeply, Dean. If he only knew the depths of your flaws." She laughed playfully as she took her seat in her throne.
Dean furrowed his brow, cracking his knuckles nervously, “And… and can those things keep you trapped?”
Cas felt his toes tingle with every word Dean said. He had to admit, the two did complement each other. He laid on Dean’s chest. “Much better indeed. I wish I had met you before all of the treaties and rebellions got in the way. I would have quietly ran away with you.” He smiled.
Cas looked back at the circlet on the nightstand. He smirked and put it on, "I have some business to attend to, Cain. I'll come find you when I'm done."
Cas shuddered as Dean touched his skin. He raced a hand through Dean's hair. "Every time you touch me, I burn, Dean." He pressed two fingers against his lips. He reached his back, pulling Dean's shirt over his head. "I want you, Dean. Only you."
Cas picked at his blanket and hurriedly glanced away from Cain. He couldn't come out and say Dean ended things between them, but it wasn't just that Dean ended their relationship. He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly through his nose. "Could I please have some soup or stew?" His voice quivered. He wasn't sure if Cain would be angry with him for the past week.
Cas nodded, "Good, good. I refuse to stay defenseless as long as he is here." He looked back to Dean, "I can't expect you to stay with me all the time, and Cain has a kingdom to rule."
“You find anything yet? We don’t have a lot of time.” Dean sat across from her, crossing his arms.
"Put it in writing with your seal, and you've got a deal. I want Lilith to go back to Havenshire with you though. She shouldn't be punished along with me." He extended his hand, Michael shook it and grabbed a sheet of paper from the table. He wrote the agreement quickly and sealed it with his ring.
She pressed against his ear, "Then why were you here, just hours ago, prepared to end everything?"
"If I can fool Cain, then I suppose you don't have to go, but please, promise me you'll keep him safe. Please?" Cas yawned and his eyes crossed as he waited for Dean's answer. He started softly snoring, taking short, shallow breaths as he fell asleep.
Dean pulled Cas closer to his side, tilting his head up to kiss his soft lips. "Course he's serious. Least I hope he is. It'd be hard to raise our son together if he wasn't."
Cas smiled, waving his hand dismissively. "There's no need to dwell on that tragic story on a happy day." He turned back to the doors, laughing as verbal disapproval of the new arrivals arose. "That must be my fiance and his family. They've had a long journey, and I've yet to meet his family." He grinned, walking over to Dean as he came in with a man and woman. He gave him a hug, shaking Sam's hand after. "Welcome to Eastden, Sam, right?"
Cas watched Dean dressed, an easy smile on his face. "I'll have to thank them, then. There's one studio in the noble's district occupied; she shouldn't bother your people." He stretched his arms and yawned, getting out of bed himself. He pulled on a robe and headed down the hall to the nursery after Dean had left. One of the servants was leading Emma around the castle as Cas rounded the corner of the hall. He smiled at the small girl, squatting down to her eye level. "Good morning, Emma. Your father has some business to take care of, so I hope you don't mind spending the morning with me."
Sam nodded and climbed down, a grin playing on his face. "I managed before, so don't fret about the camp. They're hardy people, they'll be able to set up. Good luck with Cas."
Dean thought back to what Alastair had said about the mark. ‘A darkness will destroy everyone you love.’ His right arm went hot at the thought of dealing out pain. He sat up away from Cas, holding the mark. “Maybe you shouldn’t, Cas. I have this, this darkness inside of me now, and I couldn’t bare to see you get hurt because of it.”
Cole grabbed Dean's hands, sniffling. "He's gone! Cain ordered me to get rid of him, so I did!"
"Wonderful." Dean rubbed his temples with a sigh. "But you could try to persuade others at least. Maybe even your new husband will be powerful enough to break the peace treaty that comes with your hand." He smirked.
Noctis flashed his red burning eyes, “You and I both know your brother’s gone. We shouldn’t play this game of roundabout.”
Cas pulled his lips away in a smirk. "Seems as though someone missed me." He laughed quietly before pressing back into Dean.
“Now, I’m the prince’s protector.” Dean laughed and held him close. “And a quiet consort.” He kissed his forehead.
Dean smiled until he noticed how Castiel ignored Henry. He shifted Henry's weight on his hip, cupping Cas's cheek. "Feeling alright? You look a little pale."
Dean laughed softly and shrugged. "When I'm king." He teased and kissed his forehead. "I have to go now. Take care of yourself, please?"
Cas gasped softly and backed away from the woman. "Why would that woman be interested in me? Her war died with my father."
Dean laid in bed as the sun crept into the bedroom. He hadn't been able to sleep with that thing laying next to him. It looked like Cas, it sounded like Cas, but Dean knew Cas wasn't there. It cuddled against him, and Dean tensed as a coldness crept over his skin. He climbed out of bed and pulled on his clothes. He watched it sleep soundly on its back. He lingered at the edge of the bed, picking up his pillow. He bit his lip. Dean could easily rid himself of whatever this thing is, but what if Cas was still in there, just trapped? He sighed and shook his head. He sat back on the bed.
Cas shrugged his shoulders and folded his arms over his chest. "Honestly, I'm not too bothered by his death now. He was going to kill me when I was a newborn babe." Cas looked to the castle for a moment before he turned and walked away towards the outskirts of the city. Dean didn't know if he should follow Cas, and despite his gut telling him to leave the prince alone, he ran after Cas. "What stopped him from doing you in? If you don't mind me asking."
"Mother enchanted the castle to make it easier for us to be independent of a large staff." Cas withdrew his hand. "We only have a cook and a handful of servants."
Jess stood up, a wide smile spreading across her face. She went over and gave him a hug. The infant squealed at being squeezed between the two bigger people.
Cas raised his eyebrows in surprise. "for what?"
Cain smiled as he watched Cas throughout the ceremony. From his blushing walk through the crowd to his flawless recital of the vows, Cain knew he had picked the right person for marriage. After the sealing kiss, Cain spotted his court witch in the back of the church, waiting for him. As the guests made their way into the banquet halls for the celebratory feasts, Cain pulled Cas aside. "We have one more thing to do before I show you off as my husband, darling. Rowena said it wouldn't take long."
Dean squinted as he was brought out in the sunlight. He knew his brother Sam and his lieutenant Gabriel were hiding in the crowd somewhere, looking for one last weakness to save Dean, but after seeing the pain in Cas's angelic face, he felt like he deserved to die. He scanned the seats for the prince, hoping he could see him one last time. His face turned sour when he saw Cas seated next to an older man. Why was he smiling and laughing with that man? Why was Cas placing his soft delicate hands on that man's shoulder? Had he forgot Dean that easily? Dean looked closer; Cas's hair was disheveled, more than it normally was. He had probably stayed in bed too long or stayed in bed with someone too long. A low growl rumbled from his throat. Cas's normally clean shaven face had grown stubble along his soft jawline. He had been in bed for a few days, perhaps with that older gentleman. Cas wouldn't do that so soon after Dean, would he? Dean looked away from the prince when those deep longing eyes pierced through his soul. He didn't want to accept that Cas was happy with him; he couldn't. He shook his head. Why did he care what or who Casa did? He had only been using him as a way into the castle. Why, then, did he feel so angry at the thought of another man's hands on Castiel?
"Burns, but I'll live. You didn't burn me, so why did he?" Dean rolled up his sleeve and gingerly touched his blistered skin.
Cas watched as Cain stumbled over to them. He reached his hand towards Cain, but Abaddon pulled him deeper into the smoke. When the smoke cleared, they stood on the edge of an open throne room. In the center, a single throne sat. Cas walked over to it, tracing over the delicately crafted leaflets on the back of the chair. Jewels peppered the golden chair. The arms curled into lion paws. As Cas studied the throne, black smoke swirled around him, forming into a woman in a long sleeveless black dress. She bore the same mark as Cain did, but hers was more of a birthmark rather than a brand.
Noctis smiled and turned his attention back to the mirror. “Filthy lying pig. He’s leaving you because he knows you’re almost gone.” He laughed and tossed his head back.
"Please Cain. I told him not to worry you. He said he would take care of the guard." Cas pulled Cain into bed, just wanting to be held. He curled up next to Cain and wrapped his arms around Cain's torso. He buried his face in Cain's chest. "Please. Just, don't leave me right now. I need you."
"You're using me just like they did though," Cas covered Cain's hands with his own. "But I suppose I must be good for something. Giving you an heir will be my purpose." He pulled away from Cain again. He buried his betrayed feelings like he always had to do. Had he really thought Cain would be any different from Michael or Lucifer? Even any different from Dean? He was born a pawn, so a pawn he must stay. "I must be good for something." He muttered again to himself.
Cas hesitated for a moment. Cain and Dean hadn't betrayed him, had they? Everything seemed muddied and confused now. He nodded slowly, "Fine, let's go." Abaddon smirked and walked back into the bedroom. She placed a small piece of parchment on Cas's pillow next to Cain, then threw the vial onto the wall. The smoke covered the wall, and Abaddon pulled Cas into it.
"Do you think I'm using you?" Cain asked softly and opened the castle door for Cas as they reached it.
Dean dodged the small knife, swinging the cradleboard around to his front. He quickly unstrapped Henry from it, and presented the infant to Cas. "Cain lied to you, Cas. Henry's been in Havenshire since his birth. Hannah, your handmaid, she brought him from here after your dance with death and my capture. Please."
Cain pressed the knife harder against Dean's throat, "I wouldn't speak so ill of the dead, Dean. It's just in bad taste." He tsked with a shake of his head.
Dean's face hardened, looking away from Hannah and into the dying coals of fire. "So Castiel is gone. Cain didn't lie."
Sam nodded, pointing to Jess, "See? She knows you're being foolish."
He felt like he was rolling, no he WAS rolling. Why did he feel so heavy? He finally opened his eyes, finding a dazzling green pair staring down into his own. Was this the angel of the death coming to collect him? Cas pressed his palm against the freckled cheek, exhaling softly when he realized he was holding his breath.
Dean furrowed his eyebrows, brushing Cas's cheek. "How do you plan to take Eastden?"
“He bares the active mark. I watch the misfortunes through it.” She smirked, “And once I saw how Dean betrayed you, where he pushed you, I knew you needed protection from the curse. I have a soft spot for children in need.”
Dean locked their lips together, holding Cas’s hair. He lined his cock up with Cas, “You haven’t been prepped, it’ll hurt a lot baby.”
Cas weakly pressed his fist against the mirror. “Why can’t you just let me out? Why are you doing this?” His eyes were listless and heavy, grey streaked through his hair. “I won’t let you win.”
"Yes, he saved me from being trampled in Wingsworth the day before his capture." Cas gripped Cain's thigh as the carriage slowed in front of the castle.
"I told you I hadn't." He shook his head. "Is this not how we do it?"
Dean gazed into Cas's eyes searching for any weaknesses he could use. He nodded, climbing off of Cas's bed. "Friends will have to do, then." He went to the door with a sad smile. "I really am sorry." He closed the door behind him, slinking down to his room.
"Emmanuel?" Cas chuckled softly, rubbing his back. "Who's Emmanuel? Have you found a new partner to entertain your nights while I was away?"
Dean brushed his cheek with his thumb, very similar to Cain. "What's changed your mind, Cas? Why now are you accepting my touch?"
"impossible." Dean tugged Cas's shirt out of its tucked position and started unbuttoning it. "I've wanted you since I first laid eyes on you." Dean ran his fingers over Cas's warm skin, smiling wide as he found familiar touches. "Back in Ellen's pub. I knew I had to have you."
"You've been gone for four months, four long months." Dean stroked his hair gently as they laid in bed. He told Cas what had happened, what Amara had done, why Dean went along with her. Cas wanted to rush and leave the castle, but Dean reasoned him to wait until morning. Amara really seemed to want the best for Cas, and he should confront her instead of running away. Cas begrudgingly agreed and made himself comfortable on Dean's chest. He knew Dean was right. Besides, he had to show Amara his "appreciation" for stealing four months of his life with Dean. She wouldn't forget what she did, Cas would make sure of that.
Dean rubbed his temples, standing up. He glanced to the mirror, seeing the terrified reflection. He scrunched his eyebrows together and glanced to Cas's face. It was still cool, collected, and calm. "Yeah, I'm sure Henry needs me." He clutched the handle of his knife and headed out the room.
took him into your crown."
For a month, Cas stuck to his new ritual religiously. He started the morning with breakfast with Cain, spend time with Dean as he painted, then he went to Alastair and continued to carve and cut, slice and rip, Cole's body apart as long as the enchanted knife continued to repair him in the night. He returned to Cain's bed after mutilating Cole's body. He never begged for release, so Cas continued to torture him. After a month and a half since Cas had returned from Elladonton, he woke one morning, nauseous. Cain squeezed him in an embrace as the two laid in bed; Cas covered his mouth, running over to an empty chamber pot. He vomited into the pot, groaning as more came up.
Cas's smirk turned into a soft smile. Cain did seem to have no ulterior motives. Why else would he choose to marry Cas? He couldn't bare children, and Michael's treaty could have easily been bought. Cas made his mind up to not resist Cain's charm. Besides, having a handsome gentleman care for him wasn't too awful.
Cas bit his lip, scratching Cole's face when he pulled his head back. He made a dash for the door, but Cole grabbed around his waist and covered his mouth when Cas made a cry for help. "Now, now. It's rude to not accommodate your guests, Castiel. Especially when I only want to show you a good time." Cole drug him back to the bed, pressing the prince face down into the mattress. Cas tried pushing him off, but Cole twisted his arm behind his back. He gripped the base of his neck, leaning down to his ear. "You shouldn't flaunt yourself on your walks with Dean or Cain. You attract all the wrong kinds of attention." He laughed coldly, keeping his face buried into the bed. Cole hurriedly pulled his own trousers down and ground against Cas. "You're just so damn pretty, Cas. You make all of the guards hard for you. Lucky me, I'm the one that gets to deflower you." He pulled Cas's pants down as well, gripping his ass firmly. "Not even your husband's had you yet. Mm... I love this part. Watching you squirm as you adjust."
Cas spent his days with Cain planning the wedding. Every hour was filled with questions about flowers, colors, patterns, cakes, guests, and so many other arrangements Cas felt like his head would explode if one more planner asked him another question. Despite Cain's warm, charming presence during the day, Cas always found himself happiest at night with Dean's arms around him, just as he was now.
Noctis glanced to the small crack, a smirk creeping over his face. “Feisty when it comes to your son it seems. Let’s see how far I can push you.”
Dean pulled Cole off of Cas, punching him square in the jaw. When Cole swung at him in retaliation, Dean pinned him against the wall with his right forearm, the mark glowing faintly. He bared his teeth, "What the fuck are you doing?" He growled, pressing his arm harder against Cole's throat.
Amara smirked slightly at Cain's name. "You said he's not your king if I remember correctly. And you're right. He's not a king. He hasn't been since he gave you that mark. The kingdom is rightfully yours."
Cas dusted off his clothes and fixed the small circlet back on his head, so it was barely visible against his soft black curls. "I didn't want to be known. King Michael wouldn't like me out in the public eye."
the idea of sharing you, but it's a necessary evil." He held Cas's chin. "You don't really use magic that often, do you?"
Cas felt his knees buckle, collapsing on the ground. As his vision went black, his thoughts swirled with Dean and the possibility of never seeing him again. What would the king expect of him? What if Dean was executed?  His last thought was of Dean before everything faded to black. He had to save Dean, no matter the cost to himself.
Cain had his physician give Cas something to calm him enough, so he would stop sobbing long enough for him to breathe. Cain moved him to their bed, tucking him in the blankets. He placed a gentle kiss to Cas's forehead. "My darling, you've got me mad with worry. You haven't eaten or spoken in seven days. Please, what has happened to my beautiful flower?"
Dean shook his head, "He's not like them, Sam. He's one of us. We were together since before I was captured. He had just given birth to a beautiful little boy, Henry."
Rowena glanced towards the bedrooms, then back to Dean, afraid of the hidden eavesdroppers around. If Noctis had already taken over Cas like Dean seemed to believe, she couldn’t guarantee her own safety if she helped Dean. She sighed and twisted a ring on her finger. “Luxa has been hidden for centuries, we’d have to commune with someone who lived in her glorious days.”
Cas pressed a kiss to Dean's shoulder. "No, I thought that I would be more," he paused as he thought, "excited? Happier, maybe? Even with it being an arranged marriage, I thought I'd still be overjoyed to be away from Michael and Lucifer."
Dean had his eyes closed, too focused on Cas's tight, warm hole. He didn't hear Cas's plea at first, but when he heard the loud whimpers, he zoned back into Cas's blue eyes. He chuckled to himself leaned down to kiss the corner of his mouth. "You can cum whenever you need to, sweetheart." He whispered, slamming his hips directly into Cas's prostate. Cas cried out as his body arched against Dean's barrel chest. He felt a hot sticky explosion on his stomach, mouth agape in an 'o', drool pooling from the corner of his mouth. Dean grinned as his stomach was covered in Cas's release, holding Cas's hips steady as he continued to thrust his hips into Cas. He was close himself, but he wanted to last longer. He groaned softly, eyes closed when the door flung open. Dean growled, slightly turning back. "Leave the fucking room."
Noctis picked the brush up again, “Dear sweet Castiel, I’ve already won. By the time, Dean returns, you’ll just be a memory. I’ll be able to mold innocent little Henry into the strong, ruthless leader, you’d never be.” He laughed and brushed through his hair.
The next morning Cas met Cain for breakfast, greeting Dean and Hannah with a silent nod. He kissed Cain's forehead, showing Dean where his loyalties stayed. Cain smiled at Cas's affection, "Good morning, dear. You look well rested. Perfect for another journey."
Dean slowly opened his eyes, tugging against his restraints. He needed to find Cas and Henry. He pulled harder against the leather straps around his wrists, but his body ached and cramped in protest. He screamed for help, but only echoes answered. How long had he been down here?
Cas rubbed his face as he tried to rid himself of his tears. "No, you're not. I thought he might actually care about me, but he was just using me to have a way into the royal family. I should have known I couldn't be loved. Everyone uses me, so why would he be any different?"
Cas started to shake his head, but he only threw up again at the motion. He wiped his mouth with the sleeve of his shirt. "Something I ate must have upset my stomach. I've been feeling ill for a few days." He rubbed his stomach trying to soothe it.
"She put that curse on you?" Dean instinctively pulled Cas closer at the thought of it. "I swear I'll..."
“It is an official proclamation from the Earl of Elladonton to the king of Eastden. Dated 421.” Rowena grinned and closed the books she had been scouring for weeks. “You know what we have to do. We must return to Elladonton to speak with Amara.”
Sam patted Henry's back, "You can't call the wedding off now, everyone is here waiting. If that's not Cas, marrying whoever it is will ensure you can investigate what happened. Henry pulled Cas back before, maybe he'll pull him back again."
Black smoke filled the room as Dean lost himself in his carving; Amara stood behind him, "That's a shame. Abaddon was one of my most dedicated children." Dean turned at the sound of her somber voice. She smiled warmly at his blood splattered face. "Hello Dean. I think we need to talk."
"Why would I do that, Dean? This is so much more fun." Cain smirked and cut Dean's muscles back like his skin. "Have you ever wondered what a person looks like inside?"
Alastair leaned back, playfully grinning at Dean's sudden defensive anger. "I don't care who you stick your dick in as long as it isn't on my time. Cain has given you the most dangerous curse that's ever existed on this patch of dirt. Without my guidance, a darkness will destroy you and every single person you love." He stood from the table and turned to the door. "Even without the mark, you'll be taking my job, and I can't have you ruin everything I established. Come now, Dean. There's much to learn."
Amara pouted at the refusal of her deal, but she nodded as Dean countered his own. "I accept your conditions. If you can break it, you can have him. Though, don't expect it to be easy after your fight tonight." She laughed softly and vanished in a cloud of smoke.
Cas sighed and looked away from Dean, "But I don't want to hurt you, or Henry, or Emma." He glanced to his circlet for a split second, then met Dean's curious look. "When we arrived here after you brought me back from Elladonton, you and Cain hid away Amara's crown for several reasons. You thought there was something dark inside of it, and he hid it because he didn't want to admit, I had done something he would never be able to do." He looked down at his hands, picking at his cuticles. "Truth be told, you were right. There was an entity, a dark, ancient deity known as Noctis sealed away in her crown. She drew her power from him."
Right as he opened the door, Hannah came inside to help him finish getting ready. "Good morning, my liege! It's so good to know you're well." She smiled and gave him a quick hug. "Oh sir, you forgot your circlet. Wait a moment!" She grinned, grabbing the circlet from the dresser top. She placed it on his head before he could protest. Black ink crawled through his veins, this time all over his body.
Castiel turned to the bookshelf and began pulling books off and tossing them in the floor. The second bookcase swung open as Cas yanked an ancient book from the top shelf and revealed a secret treasury. On top of a pile of coin purses, the crown sat alone, a cloud of smoke gathering around it. Cas gently touched the point on the crown, a puff of smoke escaping his lips.  His eyes glowed bright blue when he sensed a presence inside the crown."Who are you..?" Cas whispered.
Cas turned to Dean and looked into those beautiful green eyes, questioning whether or not Dean was serious. "I don't know, Dean. That sounds very risky, especially for me. Can I think about it?" He stood and bravely brushed his fingers through Dean's short hair.
"Because I don't want you to leave now."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas laughed softly and turned to face Dean. "You'll what? Kill her? She's dead and gone. I suppose I've seized the kingdom of Elladonton for Eastden."
Sunlight crept through the windows, warming Castiel's face as he slept. As the light grew brighter, Cas stirred underneath the blankets, eyebrows pulling together at the mass next to him. He turned over, a sleep ridden smile spreading across his face. Cas propped his head up with his hand and watched the peaceful sleeping beauty breathe deeply. He counted the freckles peppering Dean's face while he slept, running his fingers through his hair gently.
Hi! I am so sorry this was posted later than I said. Life got in the way today, and I didn't get to work on it until 8:30 pm. I'll do something special this week to make it up to you guys! I'm writing this for you all! I love you guys so much for sticking with this story!
"The day after your wedding. Cain wants me to make sure you make it down the aisle without hurting yourself or any of the guests." Dean laughed softly, "You should get some sleep, though. You'll have to wake earlier in the morning."
Amara pressed her hands together as she thought. "How does your shoulder feel?"
Ellen picked up the coin and frowned when she noticed the shiny metal. No countryman would have a goldpiece. Cas heard her mutter something to Dean, so he hurried his way back to the door. Dean turned to see the flicker of a cape leave the pub. He went after the dark haired man, emerald eyes focused on him as they scuttled through the crowds outside. Cas knew he was being followed. The thundering boots behind him was as clear as if it were only he and that Dean fellow. The crowd parted just a few feet ahead of Cas; he could make it. He charged out of the mass, turning to see why no one else was around the opening. It was a road, and a horse reared up at the sudden person in front of it. Cas held his hands up over his face, eyes squeezed shut.
Alastair smirked and put the bloodied knife on his tool table. He wiped his hands on his apron and sighed as he stood over Dean. "You have a point. Cain wants you to protect his little prince even though you'll be the one to, ah, bake a bun in that oven, won't you?" He smirked more and undid the restraints. "Give it a few minutes, and you can go. Remember. Not on my time." He waved the knife around. "Or we'll have to chat again too soon."
"Ah, home sweet home. You'll grow to love this room, just as I do." Alastair smirked, fingers dancing over knives and pillars strewn around on a table. He picked up a dagger with runes carved into the jagged blade. He pointed to a blood covered table in the center of the room, restraints hanging off the edges. "Have you made any enemies in your short time here?"
"Now, sir, we must start getting you ready. There are many, many things to do. Come on, Castiel. I don't want to go get Miss Naomi." Hannah pulled the covers away from Castiel. "I've even brought your breakfast up. Cain wishes to see you only at the alter today."
Cas lowered the knife and watched the woman before him. "Who are you? How'd you get up here?"
"He withdrew from the kingdom when my mother died. A band of corrupted soldiers started pillaging the countryside, and they killed quite a few peasants. Others begged him for help, but he told them to figure something out for themselves."
Lucifer shrugged, "Castiel seems happy, though. And if Dean is still leading the rebellion, maybe he's in this marriage for the long con. What better way to rid himself of a Novak than by earning his trust?" He started towards to the door, "We should just wait it out, Michael before we make another move." Michael watched his brother leave his room, drumming his fingers on the table. Perhaps Lucifer was right: maybe Dean was playing Cas. Who would love his youngest brother, truly?
Cain stared at the sleeping babe in awe, rubbing a finger against his chubby cheek. Henry stirred slightly, yawning before he looked back to Cas. He nuzzled against his mother, closing his eyes again to sleep. Cain watched the newborn, a wrinkle forming between his eyebrows. Did he see a flash of green when he opened his eyes. He took Henry from Cas, hushing Cas's protests. Henry fussed at being disturbed, glaring at Cain with angry green eyes. Cain glanced to Cas for a moment; there was something familiar about those green eyes, but he couldn't put his finger on it. He turned his attention back to the guard at the door, those same angry green eyes staring back at him. A seething wrath bubbled beneath his skin, he took the infant to Dean. "He's a beautiful baby boy. Eyes just like his father." He snapped coldly, thrusting the bundle into Dean's arms. "Get rid of it. Today, Dean. Don't forget you owe me your life." He left the room and headed in the direction of the barracks.
Dean took a moment to process what Cain had said. Cas had bargained for him even after Dean had betrayed his trust. He had to still care about him if that was the case. Maybe he could patch things up with him. "Thank you, your majesty. I won't disappoint you."
Michael grinned, "You think you know what I'm capable of." He started inside the room, "You have no idea who I am, or what I will do to you."
Over the next few weeks, Dean spent every waking hour with Castiel, laughing, chatting, flirting with him. Dean knew this time, he had a real connection to Cas. He'd listen to Cas retell stories of his childhood with Amara for as long as he would speak. Dean didn't care if those stories were just memories Amara had given him, he loved just being with Cas in the moment. He etched every smile line on Cas's face, every quiet laugh, every snort of utter joy into his memory. He wouldn't lose Cas again, even if he had to stay in this kingdom for as long as he lived.
Amara glanced to Dean with a sly smile on her face. "Emmanuel darling, why don't you take these dirty dishes to the kitchen and help the maids?"
Dean watched the young prince leave, the hard mask he was trying to put on falling off as soon as he turned away from Dean. He watched those slender shoulders tremble and heave as Cas silently sobbed as he climbed the stairs. The guards threw him back in the cell. Dean sunk to the floor, shaking his head. He had betrayed the only ally he had in the castle. He singlehandedly tightened his own noose around his neck.
Cas attacked the bowl hungrily, and in the process, he burned the roof of his mouth. He didn't care though; the meaty stew warmed him again and provided a much needed comfort. He sopped the remnants of the stew up with the bread Hannah had grabbed for him. When he finally finished, the bowl was bone dry, and color had started to return to Cas's cheeks.
Dean stopped Michael before he walked in. "Cas doesn't want any visitors. Especially not you." He shoved him back. "Made sure to tell me you and your asshat of a brother."
Cas waited until the guards were out of sight and rushed over to Dean’s side. He held his face between his hands, eyes searching his body for bruises, cuts, or scrapes. “Did they hurt you? I swear I had no idea they would be coming for you, Dean.”
When he turned back to Alastair, the jagged blade pressed against his throat. "Get. On. The. Table." Alastair spoke calmly, pressing the knife harder against Dean's throat. "Now." Dean moved to the table and balled his fists together as Alastair fastened him into the restraints. "This blade has been in my family for generations. It's a shame I have to give it to you when I retire. Cain will give you another on his deathbed." He continued to sharpen the knife as he watched Dean squirm. "Don't worry, Dean. My blade won't kill you. It's been enchanted to maim, never kill." He grinned and dragged the blade along Dean's jaw. "You have to bring a few guards down here every now and then, to make sure they understand I'm always watching. Waiting for a mess up."
"I suppose I could try, though I shoulder warn you, I'm more of the black sheep of the family rather than the doting lamb." Cas put his hands behind his back. "The only person who doesn't treat me like a rat is Anna, Michael's wife."
“Cas. I prefer Cas over Castiel.” He smiled at Cain; he seemed nice enough. Maybe this arranged marriage wouldn’t be so bad for him. No. He straightened up. Cas couldn’t forget Dean. He had to help him escape before Cain took him back to Eastden. “Excuse me, I have something I must attend to.” He ducked out of Lucifer’s sight as he left the hall. He scurried his way through the servant halls to avoid detection. As he climbed down the stairs to the dungeon, Cas kept his hand on the wall. He cursed under his breath when he saw two guards standing outside of the cell Dean was in.
The room was cold, or was he cold? He took a deep breath, touching his stomach. He felt empty, hollow. Even though the stitches were nearly healed, he ached all over his body. Finally, he opened his eyes. The room was covered in herbs and plants, bottles and vials, and a cauldron bubbled in the hearth. Cas sat up, a loud groan escaping his lips. Cain's court witch, Rowena, came inside the room. "You're finally back, Lord Castiel. I knew Master Noctis wouldn't let you die like that."
Cas nodded, smiling still. "Yes I am, and I love him very much. Your father told me you lost your mother not too long ago; I lost mine when I was a baby too." He stood up, extending his hand to her. "I hope you'll think of me as your new mother in time."
Dean pulled his shirt on, avoiding Jo's stare. "I can't believe after all I've done for you and Ellen. You repay me like this?" The guards shoved him forward, ignoring the other man in the room. He walked past the woman, letting the guards take him back to the castle. Jo looked back at the man after Dean had left. Cas adjusted the circlet on his head when Jo looked back at him. His cheeks went red as she realized who he was. He dropped a small purse of gold coins in her hand, "Please. Keep this quiet." He whispered and fled back to the castle.
Cas wiped his face again, forcing a small smile. "I *can* have an heir now. Cain had his court witch put a 'blessing' on me, so now I can have children." He brushed Dean's cheek with his thumb. "At the very least, I can have one child. I guess he didn't want to doom a young maid to being a widowed mother." He looked away from Dean's worried green eyes. "And he needed peace with Michael, so here I am. Being used only for someone else's benefit or twisted pleasure." He went silent as his throat tightened with more tears.
Cas punched Cole in his face. "
Dean frowned at that, heading to the door in a rush.
Michael leaned forward. "I'll put you in line for the throne above my own child."
Cas snapped out of his trance, clutching his stomach. "I'm pregnant."
Uriel grinned at the small prince. “King Michael has ordered no visitors for the traitor until he has been interrogated.”
Rowena let her eyes trace over the soft curves of muscle along Cas's shoulders. "To the kingdom's knowledge you and wee baby Henry died during his birth." She glanced away when he turned around. "There hasn't been any wet nurses in the castle, so I'm afraid to say that poor little Henry..."
Jess stood and went over to Madison's cradle, picking her up when she started to fuss. "Hannah said he was near death when she left to fetch a doctor though. Are you sure he's alive?"
The courier rolled his eyes and pulled a small purse of coins he used as a toll for bandits like Dean and Sam. "I have to deliver this coronation invitation to King Michael. There's a new king of Eastden and Elladonton." He chunked the purse at Dean to bait him away from his horse.
Cole smirked now, pulling Cas's head back. "Why Dean? Why not the king?"
Dean walked over to him, hugging around his waist. "Of course, Cas. I can respect that." Dean kissed his shoulder then looked into the mirror. He smiled as he looked over Cas's reflection: the gentle curve of his hips, his slender shoulders, the bruises along his neck from the night before. His eyes settled on the mark. "What's this?" He tried to wipe it off.
He met Lucifer in the courtyard garden, hovering over a rose bush. Noctis put his hands behind his back and walked over to the taller man. He grabbed the rose Lucifer was holding. “Are you enjoying Castiel’s project?” He pinched the flower off the bush.
Noctis looked back into the mirror, eyes glowing a fiery red. "If you ruin this for me, you'll watch the blood run from everyone you love."
Dean managed to find another horse grazing in the overgrown castle garden and a bridle in the abandoned stables. He helped Cas onto the saddled animal then climbed onto the other bareback. Since Cas was with him, Dean stuck to the main roads. Every night when they reached a village, Dean would find a cheap inn for Cas to stay in. After a week's time, Dean and Cas were exhausted, hungry, and covered in dust and dirt. They rode through the streets of Omundington as the sun set in the west. Dean helped Cas down from the weary animal. He gave Cas's hand a gentle squeeze before he took the prince to Cain's study.
Cas returned his smile, "Why would I do that? You're offering me a way out." He took off his circlet and put it on the small nightstand by the bed. "And at the very least, a way to ruin Michael's plan for me."
Dean and Rowena trekked the week long journey to Elladonton, sharing very little other than food and wine. Neither really wanted to be on the road, but Dean was determined to find a way to get Cas back.
Dean sped up his hand, pulling away from Cas's lips. "Don't cum from the foreplay. I want to play for a while." He grinned, nipping at his bottom lip. He reached to the nightstand, pulling a bottle of oil out of the drawer. "Your body seems so sensitive." He dipped two fingers inside the oil jar, coating them. "spread your legs and relax."
Dean growled, an urgency behind the low rumble. "Take these off." He ordered, tugging on the fluffy shirt sleeves.
Cas snorted quietly, watching Dean's face for a moment, "You're serious? After all this time, you still want me, despite what I've done?" When Dean nodded, Cas grinned, leaned forward, and pressed their lips together. "I want that more than anything, Dean."
Dean watched the nervous, second-guessing movements for a moment before he turned back to the pump. "I came to find someone Castiel if you remember. He's the prince of Eastden."
"I can plant a memory of consummating our marriage with him." Cas looked over his shoulder to Dean. "Amara taught me so many things while I was away." He smirked.
She cursed under her breath as she landed on her butt, rubbing her head. “Don’t you know how to watch where you’re…” She looked over to Dean, “Oh, your majesty, I apologize.” She stood to try and bow.
Dean stood in front of Cas, holding his arms out. “Cole, if you want the baby, you’ll have to go through me first.”
"Don't tease, baby. That pretty little mouth shouldn't lie." Dean propped himself up on his elbows, a grin spreading across his face. "Do what you want. I'm open to anything."
Amara laughed too, “Yes, Chuck wasn’t a very good king, but he was an even worse father. All those scars and broken bones your brothers gave you... and he did nothing to stop it.” She brushed Cas’s hair away from his face. “But I’m here now, my child.”
Sunlight crept through the halfway opened curtains, falling right into Castiel’s eyes. For a moment, he wondered why he was so warm, yet so sore. He frowned as he groped the blankets around him, then opened on his eyes. Dean snored softly underneath him, his hand resting on Cas’s back. Cas lifted himself off of Dean and sat up in bed. He stretched his arms out in front of him and scratched his stubble. He glanced back to Dean before he got out of bed and walked to his mirror. He shaved his face clean, finding a black shirt and pants to dress. Once clothed, he studied his features in the mirror. He didn’t look any different than he remembered, but he knew he felt different. His mind was clouded and confused with memories of the truth and the lies. He traced his fingers down to the mark Amara placed on him. How would Cain feel about him wearing her brand? He glanced back to his left hand, frowning when he realized his wedding band was missing. He gritted his teeth and vanished in a cloud of smoke. He appeared in Amara’s room, his anger boiling to his face.
