Tony hissed, his knuckles going white on the edge of the tub, but he held still without complaint as Steve worked.
They lapsed into silence once more and for the first time since he woke up in the future, Steve thought that he might actually have a place in it.
“You’re welcome,” he replied. “And it was a team effort. I couldn’t have done it without Ari or Angie, or Agent Coulson,” he added, nodding at Coulson as he emerged from the crowd.
Steve nodded, then stretched out his right leg, feeling it tingle as the circulation returned. Tony grabbed a pillow, dropping it by his shoulder for Steve to lean on before wrapping his arms around Steve.
A disturbance could be anything from a block party to a riot. It said nothing and yet Steve started to worry all the same. Because Tony leaving a suit unattended for two hours? In public? That wasn’t like him.
“I’m guessing this isn’t a social call,” Coulson said once they’d collected their drinks. Tony followed him across the coffee shop to an empty table by the window.
“Of course,” she rolled her eyes. The effect was ruined somewhat by the way she sniffed and wiped her nose with her sleeve.
They headed back inside hand in hand then Steve gave Tony’s hand a final squeeze before heading off towards the restrooms. Tony watched him go, his mouth twisting, before forcing himself to move in the other direction.
Steve grinned, stealing a kiss. He groaned against Tony’s lips when a hand snaked onto his ass and shoved their hips together.
The sarcasm in his tone was thick enough to be cut with a knife, and it was followed by a mixture of laughter and disgruntled grumbling from the crowd. Steve scowled.
Rhodey hummed, running his hands over his head, and sighed. “So, we think Stane cut Stark out? Is that what we’re saying? Like, dirty dealings, under the table, that kind of thing?”
His bruised and battered body objected loudly to lifting two hundred pounds of mer and carrying him from the house to the idling car, but Steve ignored the shooting pain. He eased Tony into the back seat, waiting while Tony tucked in his tail before helping him pull on a seatbelt. The last thing he needed was to get stopped for not wearing a seatbelt with a mer in the backseat. Steve was just praying there were no bored traffic cops who would decide to look up the number plate and realise the car had been off the road for ten years and definitely did not have insurance.
“I’m Captain America,” Bucky shrugged, as though that answered everything. “All you gotta do is give ‘em that million dollar smile, do the
“When you’re gone and I’m alone, and I need strength to carry on, I… hmm hmm… home to me, just please come home alive.”
He took a lungful of air as he made his way along the trail towards the mansion, turning to look down over the city. He understood why Howard Stark had decided to build his home up here: the view was incredible. But, Steve thought as he vaulted over the wall, it was also incredibly cruel to keep a mer locked up so far away from the sea. Talk about rubbing salt in the wound. The faint splash of blue of the Pacific on the horizon was no doubt clearer to Tony’s sharp eyes; a constant taunt of the world he would never return to.
Steve was too good. He couldn’t mean that, he couldn’t. He would get tired and change his mind eventually. Tony knew it. But for now, Steve was holding him and running his hand over Tony’s spine and whispering reassurance in his ear and Tony allowed himself to lean on Steve just this once.
Warm hands wandered over his shoulder, down his chest, brushing tantalisingly over his nipple, onto his hips and lower, while the kiss turned from soft to hard and fiery. Steve’s head fell back and he panted for breath, and he should
They left the workshop, filing down the far corridor until they reached another door, also unlocked, and Tony could feel the breeze making its way around the edges of the door.
Tony unclipped the seatbelt then reached up, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck. Steve heaved him out of the car, walking as quickly as possible down the sand to the tiny wooden pier. He sat down gingerly, easing Tony onto the pier, and sat back.“Here we are,” Steve announced, forcing a smile and swallowing his tears.
“Good afternoon, everyone,” he called, drawing the attention of the room. “I’m Steve Rogers, and I will be doing the introductions this afternoon. Thank you all for coming today and I’m sure you’re all looking forward to meeting with our heroes. So, without further ado, follow me.”
“Hey, U, clear this up,” Tony called, pointing to the scraped and beaten pieces of armour he’d abandoned on the floor. “Sorry about the mess,” he told Steve.
To his surprise, Tony did. He took Steve’s face in his hands, his eyes flickering down to his lips before leaning in and brushing their lips together.
“Fuck that!” the drunk snapped. His fist snapped forward with surprising speed and coordination, considering his level of inebriation, and Scott jumped towards Stark, ready to help.
“Now, if you’ll follow me, over here we have Black Widow,” Steve explained. The girl stood tall in a jumpsuit designed to look like Natasha’s. Steve winked at Angie over her head. “AKA Jessica. Jessica has benefitted from Stark Industries’ One for One programme, where for every sale of their new laptop, they have donated another laptop to a low income family to help with education. Thanks to Stark Industries, Jessica has a bright future as a super spy ahead of her. Oh, and here comes Hawkeye!”
“And who’s your friend?” Natasha asked, glancing to the man with the terrified expression, biting his nails in the corner of the cubicle.
Steve bit his lip as he considered his options. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Tony staring at his mouth, his own lips parted; Steve couldn’t resist swiping his lower lip with his tongue.
Tony smiled. Pressing his hand into the gap between Steve’s shoulder blades, Tony settled back, making himself comfortable. And if he spent more time watching Steve than watching the TV, well, there was no one paying enough attention to him to judge, so what did it matter?
They shared a glance then the door burst open and the first, yep, tracksuit thug came into the apartment. Tony threw him a wave, the distraction allowing Clint to smack him in the throat before flipping him onto the ground.
Putting his phone aside, Tony rolled out of bed with a groan and padded through to the bathroom where he stripped out of his clothes for a much needed shower.
Tony frowned at him, but Matt just smiled enigmatically. Then Bucky started to grin; realising Bucky was looking somewhere over his shoulder, Tony turned, his jaw falling open.
Standing in front of the section of shelving, Steve couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary suggesting it hid a door, nothing except the shelves that were only half the depth of the rest of the library. So he began running his hands over them, seeking something, anything, that could help him figure out how the hell to open this damn door.
Steve bit his lip, leaning his weight on his fists and feeling tiny pieces of grit biting into his skin. It hurt, but it felt good.
Steve fell still, listening to the sound of the strings fade into the silence of the apartment. He swallowed.
Hope nudged Scott with her elbow. When he turned, she nodded towards the ER doors; leaning past her and Clint, he spotted Steve standing in the doorway, his eyes glued to the Medevac. Scott shared a significant look with Hope and Clint.
Tony started imagining what this scene might look like next year. No doubt Matt and Bucky would still be arguing over Christmas jumpers, and knowing Matt, he would make it his mission starting December 26th to find the ugliest, most over the top Christmas sweater possible just to wind Bucky up. With any luck, there would be a diamond on Marci’s finger.
The crowd pushed forward, as though everyone wanted to be closer to Stane, attracted by his mere presence. It certainly wasn’t to be able to hear better; Steve suspected they would all hear Stane just as well without the microphone. He shifted nervously from foot to foot, the crush of people causing the hair on the back of his neck to stand up.
Coulson turned to Steve. “That’s very bad. That means they don’t have a clear target, and they don’t care who they hurt.”
He nipped at the spot under Steve’s chin, smiling against his skin when Steve’s hips jerked and his grip on Tony’s shoulder tightened, his fingers digging into the muscle.
“I was taught by Jarvis and Ana,” Tony explained. “Our butler and his wife. He was English and she was Hungarian, so I learned a lot of different recipes. They, uh, they practically raised me. When you’re better, I’ll make you Ana’s goulash. Nothing compares to it.”
“Lucky you,” Steve nodded. “And I suppose it has nothing to do with the fact that mers are stereotypically female.”
He shouldered her diaper bag then lifted Ellie up onto his hip, smiling as she buried her face in his neck, scenting him as she woke up slowly.
“So: we were all on a night out,” Tony explained, “Me, Bucky, Matt, our friends Foggy and Marci. Foggy and Marci are dating, so I was the only single one. So they set up my Make-a-Match profile that night.”
“How old were you?” Steve frowned. As long as he could remember, he’d heard of Tony Stark as the biological child of the Starks. Which, if he was stolen from the ocean, was a terrifying thought. Just how deep did this deception go?
why he was here,” Tony realised. On Steve’s questioning look, he added, “Matt’s apartment is two blocks away.”
“Or, alternative plan: we order takeout and eat it in bed because we are grown-ass men and there’s nobody to tell us otherwise,” Steve suggested. “No clothes required.”
“So, who’s all going to be at this party?” Tony asked, settling with his arm around Steve’s shoulders.
“Come on, kid,” the doctor said. “Come inside, let me take a look at you. I’m Dr. Stark. And you are?”
Stark stuck his head in through the sunroof. Maria lingered by the side of the vehicle, ready to assist in any way she could. Inside the SUV, Laura Howlett stared at Stark with blank eyes, blood congealed on the side of her head and matting her hair.
Steve turned back to the man - creature? Thing? Being? - and stared at him. He stared straight back at Steve, his chin lifted defiantly and his teeth bared, but there was, was that… fear in his eyes?
He put his phone aside, shifting closer and leaning in to brush his lips against Tony’s temple. Tony closed his eyes and breathed him in.
Steve balked in surprise, unable to do anything but blink open-mouthed at Tony, while Tony dropped his face into his hands.
“I don’t care how it looks. I’m telling you that nothing happened. We made out, yeah, but we’re not having sex.”
Steve hummed and nodded in agreement. Tony kissed the top of his head again. Steve tipped his head back, smiling up at him. Tony smiled back, leaning down to kiss him. What he meant to be a quick peck on the lips slowly turned into a longer kiss. Tony was vaguely aware of Steve fumbling with his book, attempting to push it onto the bedside table before giving up and letting it fall to the floor with a muffled thump.
“Told you, I have one of those faces. People just take a dislike to me. I don’t know why. I’m perfectly likeable. Delightful, even.”
“What? No,” Steve shook his head. “Okay, but, are you- You see- Are you sleeping with anyone else? Because some people think it’s the same thing, but it’s not, and I don’t wanna- I’m sorry, I’m just-”
Evie Rose nodded solemnly. Tony pushed her hair back from her face, tucking it behind her ears while she drank the water. When she was done, Tony shifted her onto his hip, and carried her into Angie’s bedroom.
Part of Steve told him he should argue, insist on paying, but he swallowed his pride and pocketed his wallet.
Tony began to thrust his hips again, his heart racing as he moved faster. He stared down at Steve, his breath catching in his throat. Their eyes locked and Tony wondered how he’d ever managed to survive without Steve in his life and how he could’ve believed, even for a moment, that he could let him go.
“Hmm, I do remember something along those lines,” Tony agreed. He put the washcloth on the bedside cabinet before pulling his shirt over his head and tossing it aside. Steve’s eyes lingered on his chest while Tony unbuckled his belt and shucked his jeans and his underwear.
“Considering this is the second kidnapping we’ve been in some way connected to this year, I don’t think that’s necessarily a bad thing,” Tony mused. “But maybe next time, we could talk before the whole kidnapping thing? Or just blow stuff up until we feel better?”
“Relax,” Tony smiled. “I don’t bite. Unless you’re Steve, which you’re not. So. Anyway, first order of business, Pepper is organising a Meet the Heroes event for SI on December 1st. Can you put that in my calendar and make sure the day stays clear? Coordinate with the rest of the Avengers and make sure they keep the day clear too, okay?”
“Noted. Might have to take Steve for a vacation,” Tony grimaced, his head pounding. “What did they hit me with?”
Bruce was pretty sure that was pretty bad in normal circumstances, but when his patient was Frigga Borson? And her son was due back in a few hours, demanding answers?
“Don’t mock the guy who’d about to give you a blow job,” Steve retorted, grabbing Tony and kissing him.
“Oh, come on!” Steve exclaimed. He downed his shot, glaring across the table at his now-former best friend. “I don’t like you anymore.”
Then finally, finally, Steve closed the gap between them and they were kissing. Steve’s tongue teased his own and Tony used the hand on Steve’s neck to pull him closer. Meanwhile, he sped up his hand on Steve’s dick until Steve broke their kiss, dropping his head onto Tony’s shoulder with a low moan.
“One day, you’re going to see what the rest of us see when we look at you,” Arnie said suddenly. “Steve. I’ve known you since we were kids. Let yourself be happy.”
say you still have condoms,” Tony realised suddenly, because there was no way he could run to the nearest drugstore right now.
There was another option, Steve realised, as he unplugged his phone from the charger on his desk. He eyed the sketchpad he’d hastily shoved into the corner of the desk when he unpacked and then never touched again. Feeling strangely nervous, he reached out, plucking it from the pile and stuffing it into his backpack. He found an eraser and his pencils in his sock drawer, of all places, and threw them in too.
For a minute, it looked like they would have to intubate her, but then Dr. Romanoff called, “Hold the intubation. Respirations are back to normal,” and a wave of relief washed through the room.
(It was a lie. Steve knew he was done for the time he walked into the living room after taking a long shower - a rare treat thanks to Tony’s babysitting - and found Ellie and Tony lying nose to nose on the floor in a staring contest that ended when Ellie burst out laughing. And then Tony smiled at Steve’s pup like she was the centre of his world and Steve was gone.)
“Especially when they increased our health insurance premiums again. Must be nice not to have to worry about those kind of things.”
“Which one? The zooplankton community in the Gulf of Mexico? Or characterising gross lesions in corals on the fringing reefs in Taiwan and Hainan Islands?” Bruce asked, holding the outer door open for Steve before taking the lead, weaving between the tourists milling about between the buildings and exhibits.
“Thank fuck,” Tony breathed, cradling Steve’s cheek and pressing their foreheads together while Bucky rubbed his shoulders.
Natasha chuckled. “I have some news for you. I took a look at Lorna’s x-ray, and her arm is broken. But it’s a clean break, minor fracture, so once we get it set, you’ll be good to go.”
But the pièce de résistance was the email chain Steve was currently scrolling through. A very detailed, very incriminating conversation between Stane and a psychologist he was clearly blackmailing into signing Tony off as unfit to run his own company - a company Tony didn’t even realise he owned - so that Stane could take control and publicly blacken Tony’s name forever.
“I am endeavouring to read them, however it seems the Maggia has upgraded their software since you deconstructed the previous Dreadnoughts. They are not operating on the same frequencies and indeed seem to have greatly improved their cloaking technology.”
“I... hope that you can come home to me? I pray that you come home to me?” Then it hit him. Strumming along, he sang quietly, “I pray that you will come back home to me, just please come home alive.”
Hogarth hummed. Steve’s skin crawled as everyone stared at him. Then Hogarth announced, “No more questions, Your Honour,” and sat down with a satisfied little smile on her face.
“Not loving life,” Natasha smirked. She pulled out her phone, fingers dancing across the screen before handing it to Steve. “She didn’t know I was filming her.”
“Really?” Tony frowned. The wound wasn’t deep, not much more than a surface wound really. It wasn’t near any major arteries or organs. There was no reason for Wilson to be in as much pain as he appeared to be. Unless there was something he was missing. “Alright, I’ll get you some morphine for the pain, okay?”
“Because…” Steve swallowed. “Because I know Tony Stark. Like, really know him. In real life. I’ve met him and I guess we’re friends, kind of. Although he’s a bit of an asshole. Understandably. And then I went with you to that event at Stark Industries and it doesn’t make sense, all those things Stane was saying about Tony not caring. It’s bullshit. Tony’s not involved in the company. At all. Stane is lying and I don’t know why. I mean, I think I know why, but to be sure I need your help.”
He was making his way along the corridor when a figure stepped out in front of him. Steve raised his gun and fired off a shot before the familiar red and gold registered. Luckily, the armour deflected the bullet easily.
Switching to Tumblr, Steve reached into the cupboard for the coffee jar for Angie only to come up empty. Steve lifted his eyes from his phone with a frown, which deepened when he saw the lack of tea on the shelf.
“If she needs anything, don’t hesitate,” Tony told him, straightening up - but he continued to sneak glances at Ellie - and shoving his hands into his pockets. “I always say I have more money than I know what to do with and she would be the perfect way to get rid of the excess.”
“Barnes! Quit slamming the door and- Oh my God, I’ve turned into my mother,” Tony realised. He shuddered.
. He grabbed the guitar, fished a pick from the bookcase and threw himself onto the sofa. He ran through tuning the strings before adjusting the guitar on his lap. He tried running through a few songs from his repertoire - Green Day, Paramore, Taylor Swift - but nothing felt right.
Returning to the outbuilding, he fired up the generator. Then he found the fusebox hidden in the bathroom by the main door and turned on the switch in question. Before returning to the pool, Steve trekked through the house, checking there were no lights left on and suddenly visible thanks to the generator, potentially alerting anyone that something was going on in the house. The last thing he wanted was any unwelcome visitors.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, but then he thought about Peggy and Daniel and sighed. “Yeah, I do.”
Spotting his backpack a few feet away, Steve was hit by a flash of inspiration. Moving as slowly as possible to avoid drawing Stane’s attention, Steve reached out slowly, gritting his teeth, every fibre of his body objecting as he stretched out until his fingers snagged his backpack. He tugged it closer, just enough to reach into the front pocket and wrap his fingers around his phone and pull it free. With another quick glance at Stane to confirm his attention was still on Tony - monologuing, no doubt about how he was going to hurt Tony or Steve or both; Steve tuned him out - Steve sat up slowly, shuffling closer to the edge of the pool. Double checking the sound was on and the volume up full, Steve raised his phone and snapped a picture of Stane.
Tony was waiting a few feet back from the elevator. Steve broke into a grin when he saw him, crossing the distance between them in a few quick strides and pulling Tony in to a kiss.
He did, as it turned out, and Steve was soon loaded up with cod, pink salmon, and pollock, thanking the seller as he continued on his way.
Then the weight of keeping himself became too much. He managed to pull out slowly before falling onto the mattress next to Steve. Steve tilted his head towards him and Tony had no choice but to kiss him because he loved this ridiculous, impossible, wonderful man more than he thought possible.
“Oh, so it’s my phone you want, not me,” he realised. “You know what? The week I’ve had, I’ll take it.”
“Our first move is a cease and desist letter,” Marci explained. “We’ll make it sound intimidating and for some people that’s enough for them to get scared and quit it.”
“It’s okay, Peter,” Sharon assured him. “Your relationship status doesn’t affect your health so I don’t have to tell her anything.” Relief flooded both boys’ faces. “Sit tight, I’ll be back soon,” she promised.
“The thing is, you don’t have to,” Bucky replied. “I’m with you to the end of the line, pal. And if that means beating the shit out of your asshole dad, well, I’m game.”
Bucky’s phone buzzed against the table; he picked it up, checking the message before downing the rest of his beer in one.
“I’m in a relationship with a superhero,” Steve snapped. “He saves the world on a regular basis, so I’m not sure how that could reflect badly on the school.”
As much as he wished it wasn’t the case, they couldn’t have a happy ending together. Tony was going back to the ocean, of that Steve was determined, and there was no way for them to be together when he lived on land and Tony lived in the sea. Even if they wanted to try, the risk of being discovered was too high.
Steve nodded, his mouth too busy stealing yet another kiss from Tony’s to answer verbally but yeah, he was down for Tony’s plan. They stumbled towards the bed, shedding their clothes as they went, until they tumbled down in a tangle of lips and limbs. Steve rolled them over until he was on top of Tony, then began kissing his way down Tony’s torso, licking and nipping at his tanned skin. Tony groaned appreciatively, arching his back to get closer to Steve’s mouth.
But in the car, driving back to Manhattan, Steve stared out of the window at Brooklyn - his home, the only place he’d ever envisioned living - and wondered how much he would have to give up to be with Tony. He’d moved to Manhattan, he’d had to turn to Marci and Tony for help with his father, and now he’d lost his job. Just how much of his identity was he going to lose to this relationship?
They broke apart reluctantly and found Bucky watching them, his arms folded and amusement on his face.
Letting his arms flop onto the bed, Steve stared up at the watermark on the ceiling. Then, finally, he sat up slowly, swinging his legs out of bed. The carpet felt sharp against his bare feet. He should feel some sense of accomplishment for getting that far, shouldn’t he?
Rolling over, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, buried his face between his shoulder blades, and drifted off to the sound of Tony’s breathing.
But gaining access to the Stark Mansion wasn’t going to be a problem; when Steve reached the top of the steps leading up from the garden, he instantly spotted no fewer than three possible entry points to the house. But as far as he was concerned, there was only one: the sliding door which led to the swimming pool.
“Now, over here we have a mighty warrior, Thor,” Steve continued, crossing to the bed on the other side of the room, where an eight year old sat holding a plastic Mjolnir. “AKA Donnie.”
Clint stared at the mess of wires and technology that - Tony winced - really was held together by duct tape, his forehead set in a frown. Tony was ready to give up, but then Clint opened his mouth.
Steve swallowed. “I don’t understand,” he said quietly. “How a parent could look at their kid and not want to do everything for them. How they couldn’t love them, except for what they can exploit.”
“This is our stop,” Steve murmured, nudging Angie, because he was pretty sure she was two seconds away from snoring.
His class dissolved into whispers as he put the flowers down on his desk. There was a card, he realised, tucked in an envelope, sitting in the middle of the bunch. Steve plucked it from the bunch, flicking open the envelope and pulling out the card.
(In the beginning, when his heart started doing that weird jumping thing, Johnny wondered if something was wrong with him. Eventually, he realised it only happened when he was around Peter, or looking at Peter, or thinking about Peter.)
“No problem.” Tony waved him off, his eyes returning to Ellie. A small smile fought its way onto his face. “She seems happy.”
“Yes, um, do you want to go ahead with the Expo next year because the deadline for applications for permits and everything is tomorrow?”
“Yeah?” Steve shook himself from his reverie, dragging his attention from the screen towards his student. From the expression on her face and the rest of the class, this clearly wasn’t the first time she’d called for him.
They picked up a soggy and bedraggled Nefaria from the sea before flying back to the power. When Thor hauled him onboard, Steve smirked and threw Nefaria a smug little wave from his position on Tony’s chest, before burying his face back in his boyfriend’s neck. Tony was drawing random - or perhaps, knowing Tony’s brain, not so random - patterns over Steve’s back with his middle finger. It was soothing, lulling him into a doze as they sped back towards the city.
“Thank you,” Stark murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve and squeezing him tight. “I’ve got you.” He leaned back, cupping Steve’s face with one hand. “Are you okay?”
Steve was standing on the landing. He was dressed in a tux, one hand in his pocket. He stared out across the ballroom.
Steve moved to the door, straightening his shirt and wishing he’d managed to find the iron before the lawyer arrived so he looked at least somewhat professional. A hysterical laugh bubbled up in his throat as the insanity of what he was about to do hit him. He glanced in the mirror to double check the hastily applied foundation - Sharon’s, left in the bathroom from when she spent the night with Rhodey - covered the bruises from his fight with Stane, then opened the door as soon as a knock echoed through the apartment.
Tony looked apologetic as he looked down at him. “I can’t. I’m helping people. As much as I hate a lot of what comes with it, I help people by being there. I can’t just… stop.”
“First, get a boyfriend, then we can talk,” Bucky said. “And second, you tripped over your shoelaces on a covert mission and nearly gave me a heart attack, so like hell you’re getting the night off.”
“My head’s kinda fuzzy,” she replied. “Feel like I’ve spent the whole day drinking or something. Matt, what did I do?”
“Ladies and gentlemen, this is an announcement from Tony Stark. As you can see, I am deleting my Make-a-Match app right… now. Because I am off the market. Probably for good.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I don’t fly well. Better keep my feet on the ground. And I think it would be more conducive if I learned how to talk about my feelings rather than bottling them up and being, in Peggy’s words, a pissy little shit.”
Steve hummed, but the sound of footsteps on the stairs forced them to break apart. Peggy shot Steve a knowing smirk, but Steve leaned back against Tony’s chest, completely unrepentant, sinking further into his embrace when Tony splayed his hand over Steve’s thigh.
Steve snorted. “That’s a lie. You’ve never tried to please anyone in your life.” His words turned into a sharp gasp when Tony pushed a finger into him, lifting his hips in an attempt to push himself further back onto Tony’s hand.
“Is he okay?” Johnny asked, shoving his hands into the pockets of his jacket as they made their way through the corridor.
“Uh, no,” Bruce replied. He could see Scott and Clint sniggering over her shoulder and wished Loki wasn’t here so he could flip them off.
“Luchino Nefaria played the part of a charitable businessman for years, lulling both the public and his employees into a false sense of security,” the Attorney continued. “In reality, he was the leader of a criminal organisation called the Maggia, using his money to fund their criminal activities. He also used his position of power to stalk the Avengers and those closest to them. He created Dream Master Inc. and built Castello Malvagio to attack the Avengers, before kidnapping Steve Rogers for his connection to Tony Stark. He attempted to frame the Avengers for the explosion at Castello Malvagio. And later that night, he attempted to murder Steve Rogers and Tony Stark with another bomb onboard his boat, the
And at the very end of the folder was a single note: the number of every aquarium and marine institute in the LA area.
“You know, usually, when someone says that, it’s my automatic reaction not to believe them,” he said slowly. Then he looked up, meeting Steve’s eyes. “But with you, I almost believe it.”
A notification popped up to inform him that Tony had tagged him in a post. Refreshing his Instagram feed, Steve chuckled at the picture of Tony he’d chosen, now reposted with the comment
“Yeah, my shoulder really hurts,” Peter grimaced. “And I can’t move it. My head’s kinda sore too. I feel a little… funny.”
“Honey,” Tony smiled, taking Steve’s hand in his. “I have lots of money. We are giving him a very small amount and if it means he never touches you again, then I am more than willing to pay.”
Steve closed the door behind him then crossed to the empty armchair next to Arnie’s, putting down the diaper bag before turning Ellie so she could see Arnie.
“I get that. I really do.” Tony pressed his palm to Steve’s cheek. “Thank you for sticking with me anyway.”
He batted the drunk’s fist away like it was nothing, doing something fancy with his hands, and the next thing Scott knew, Stark had the drunk bent forward, his arm twisted on his back.
It felt like they were both on the same page in regards to their relationship, which was a heady realisation indeed.
They headed down the street to a jewellery store. Steve left Daniel pouring over a pair of earrings with Peggy’s birth stone and wandered around the store until he found himself standing in front of a case of rings. The diamonds glistened under the bright store lights and Steve remembered the last time he stood in front of a case of rings like this.
“Oh, I’m fit as a flea,” Arnie insisted. “That drug trial you got me onto, Mr Stark, has worked wonders.”
Bucky shrugged. “Sometimes it’s better when things are gone or changed. They turned my old apartment into a museum, and it’s just weird going back. Makes me feel all funny and outta place. Whereas when things are different or gone, they’re just gone.”
,” he deadpanned. “I am having the time of my life. Excuse me!” he called to a passing nurse. “Can you take a selfie of me and my friend? I want to commemorate this moment forever.”
great. But then his annoyance vanished abruptly when he realised Wanda wasn’t the only one checking Stark out.
No. No, it wasn’t possible, because he knew Steve, and he knew Steve wouldn’t do something like this. JARVIS ran a background check, way back when they first matched on Make-a-Match, but more importantly, Tony
Evie Rose smirked. Tony caught her eye and winked; she buried her giggles into her palm, while Steve rolled his eyes indulgently, playing the role of the injured party to full effect. Tony held the door for them, squeezing Steve’s shoulder impulsively as he passed, and was rewarded with an adorable smile.
“Everything and nothing like Howard. And… he’s really good with Ellie,” Steve said, stroking her hair.
“Most dreams are,” Tony agreed. “Just remember that when you’re scared: dreams are silly. They can’t hurt you. And if you’re still scared, come and wake me or Uncle Steve, and we’ll protect you.”
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “Yeah, well,” he shrugged. “I just wanna see Fury’s reaction when he finds out he has a kid. Ten bucks says his head spins around like that kid in
“Steve, I’m in my eighties and I’m dying of cancer. I’m under no illusions about what kind role I can play in her life. If she has people who love her, then I’ll be a happy man. And I can enjoy what time we have together without worrying about the two of you.”
“It’s not my tattoo removal. I’ve never been drunk enough to get Stark’s face tattooed on my body. But… Urgh, fine. I will ask her,” Clint snapped.
Tony rolled his eyes, but he explained the process carefully. When Steve asked him to repeat something, he did so with nary a mutter. The reason why Steve had to ask Tony to repeat himself had less to do with his lack of understanding - Tony was a good teacher and Steve had always managed to pick things up quickly if he was paying attention - and more to do with the fact he kept getting distracted watching Tony’s face as he explained what to do.
Wade eyed him, but he couldn’t get a read on Dr. Stark. Rich dude, clearly, he was a fucking doctor after all. Everyone knew you needed to be loaded to be a doctor. But military too? An officer probably and, ew, Wade could taste the bile at the thought. Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but whatever. Dr. Stark ditched him but then he came back to check on him? Dude was weird.
room. He would remember, because he’d never looked down upon the garden from that angle, never seen the mermaid fountain beside him from above. Steve hurried round the house; that was the library, both levels, and there was a second level over the hallway too. He returned to the back of the house, looking up the entire time.
“Please,” Steve panted, rubbing his cock against Tony’s hip. By now he was fully hard and Tony was right behind him.
Steve was watching him with an intensity to rival the hardest thrust of his hips. Cupping the back of Steve’s neck with one hand, Tony pulled him closer and mouthed his way up the column of Steve’s neck. The breathy little sighs coming from Steve left him light-headed. He ran his fingers down the bumps of Steve’s spine, using just enough pressure that Tony knew there would be faint red lines from his nails marking Steve’s skin.
“Not finished,” Tony interrupted. “Buddy of mine, ex-Air Force, he runs a company where he gives vets entry level positions until they get on their feet. It’s not fancy but it's a job and a pay-check, which is what you need if you want social services to take you seriously.”
“I am afraid I can neither confirm nor deny that, Mr Rogers,” JARVIS replied, sounding apologetic. “All I can confirm is that Mr Stark is not in the suit or within the immediate vicinity. However, there have been reports of a disturbance in the area.”
If he was a bird, Loki would’ve puffed out his feathers and flapped his wings in disgust. As it was, he scowled at the two of them, but Bruce held his gaze unwaveringly and Frigga looked like butter wouldn’t help in her mouth.
Tony leaned in slowly, so slowly, and Steve’s pulse jumped. Anticipation thrummed in his veins as Tony inched closer and he cursed silently when Tony stopped a breath from Steve’s lips.
“Smile,” Steve grinned. His phone whooshed as he hit send on the picture. He’d emailed it to himself, but Stane didn’t need to know that. Hitting record, Steve added, “Don’t let me interrupt.”
“It was… it was good,” Steve said and he meant it. “There’s not a lot of people left who remember me back then. Not ones who really knew me, anyway. It’s nice to have someone who knows what I’m talking about.”
“You tell me,” Tony replied, leaning back in the water, his tail movements only just visible through the dirty water. “They left one day and never came back. I haven’t seen anyone since.”
“Twenty minutes later she burst into tears because she felt guilty in case the baby heard her and developed a complex in utero,” Natasha snorted, taking back her phone.
“Steve, you are going to get your ass in that car and you are going to go back to the Tower and that is an order,” Bucky snapped.
Tony glanced at Steve and realised he’d barely said a word since they arrived. Even when Bucky said hi, Steve only nodded. His face looked… funny, and his forehead kept folding into a frown as he glanced around the lab.
Thirty minutes later, he stepped into the bustle of the fish market. The floor was wet and Steve had to watch his step lest he injure himself further as he negotiated the ice-packed boxes looking for the items on the list Tony had reeled off to him the day before.
“God, Steve,” Tony rasped in his ear, his breath raising goosebumps on Steve’s neck. “I’ve wanted this all night, Jesus, you looked so fucking beautiful.”
The world was too loud when Steve stepped out of the building. Too loud and too bright. He pushed his sunglasses onto his face, despite the fact it was unusually overcast for LA, and crossed the street to where he’d left his car the night before.
“No, I have a better idea,” Steve replied, his confidence growing. “Call Ms Potts, tell her it’s all under control. What time does this thing start?”
But instead of the joke or sarcastic comment he expected, Clint merely grunted and shuffled off of the jet after Thor and Bruce.
Tony pressed another kiss to Steve’s neck then pulled out slowly before thrusting back into him. Steve whined, his fingers digging into the pillow and making the fabric bunch. Tony’s heart pounded and despite feeling breathless, he never felt out of breath, moving faster until he found a rhythm that left Steve gasping.
They reached the steps and the reporters tripped over them and each other, trying to get them to say something, anything about Nefaria or the case. But Tony just kept grinning and waving, and Steve clamped his mouth shut to avoid saying something he would regret and kept his head low.
Steve grabbed the headboard over Tony’s shoulder, his fingers slipping a little due to the sweat on his palm, and picked up the speed of his hand on his dick. He held Tony’s gaze, neither of them breaking eye contact because Tony was here; he was home, and Steve didn’t want to miss a single second of it. Tony’s grip on his hips grew tighter, on the good side of painful, almost as though he was afraid Steve would slip away too.
“You hate the Yankees, and think the Dodgers belong in Brooklyn. If we were both single, I’d marry you. So, no, I didn’t ask you here because of whatever’s going on with you two. But I’m asking you about it because you’re my friends, both of you, and I know you’re both crazy ‘bout each other, and I don’t like seeing you two… like, whatever this is.”
“Yeah,” Stark nodded. He spun the chair around and leaned back. “I proposed to Steve a month after I got out of rehab. We’d been together for four years.”
When the elevator doors opened, Steve stalked into the gym, tossing his jacket aside and pausing only long enough to kick off his sneakers and yank off his socks before crossing the mats to the punching bags hanging in the corner of the room. Grabbing a pair of abandoned gloves, Steve shoved them onto his hands, using his teeth to fasten the straps.
Steve shivered, feeling the rumble of Tony’s voice where their chests were pressed together, then gasped when Tony scraped his teeth down the column of his neck. Arousal pounded through Steve’s veins in time with the beat. Tony’s hands were everywhere and yet never lingered anywhere long enough for Steve’s liking, and his mouth was doing something criminally good to his neck, nipping and then soothing his abused skin with his tongue.
“Ooh, I smell gossip!” Scott exclaimed, straddling a bench to face Steve. He wiggled his eyebrows. “Spill.”
Tony trailed his fingers up Steve’s ass, hesitating to look up and ask, “Okay?” and waiting for Steve’s answering nod before pushing his first finger inside.
“I will,” Steve called. He sagged in relief when the door closed behind them. “Shoulda left this in the car,” he muttered.
Clint shrugged - or tried to. “They were trying to extort money from the residents and I stopped them. And I had that money lying around from SHIELD and I didn’t know what to do with it, so I thought something good might as well come from all that bad, so I bought the building. I vastly overpaid and I thought they’d be happy ‘cause they got the money. Guess I was wrong.”
“I need a favour,” Clint began, deciding to cut the bullshit. “I need you to do a tattoo removal on Gary in CT so he will do a scan for my patient.”
Tony never finished, because as he turned around, Steve fisted his hand in his shirt and hauled him in because if he had to wait another second to kiss his husband, he was going to spontaneously combust. Tony started to chuckle, only to be cut off by Steve’s lips.
Well, that rankled. But Steve leaned down and rolled up his jeans, gripping the edge of the bench when Tony swiped the bare flesh with antiseptic fluid.
“He probably has a concussion again,” she shrugged. “Are you really worrying about Clint Barton? The man who falls off of skyscrapers and only needs a band aid?”
“They’re writing about you because it sells. That’s it,” Peggy pointed out. “If it didn’t sell, they wouldn’t care. It’s not personal. Next week they’ll be hanging a woman out to dry for something a man would be lauded for and you’ll be forgotten.”
Tony took a moment to appreciate said perfect chest - during which he may or may not have groaned a little - before hovering just above Steve’s nipple.
“Sure,” Steve nodded, passing Hannah over. “Although, fair warning, she’s probably gonna decide she wants down in a minute.”
theory that men and women can’t be friends without wanting to sleep with each other. Most of their students and several of their co-workers were certain that Mr Rogers and Ms Martinelli were a couple, just because they lived together and arrived at work on the back of Steve’s motorcycle.
Tony smiled down at him, brushing his fingers through Steve’s hair. Every time Tony’s nails accidentally scraped his scalp, a tiny shiver danced along Steve’s spine. Then Tony leaned forward, kissing him slowly.
Scott and Hope hastily stubbed out their cigarettes. Throwing one last glance over his shoulder, Scott saw Steve press his forehead against Stark’s.
“No, it’s not. He’s being too polite. I dated him for over a year, I know when he’s being sincere. And he’s not. And he just made a not-so-subtly-veiled reference to our break-up.”
“Bye,” Steve echoed. He watched Tony shuffle towards the edge of the pier, then blurted out, “I’ll miss you.”
“Same pain?” Bruce echoed with a burst of hope. Right now, he was drawing blanks and he’d take anything he could to figure out what this was.
“Hey,” he said, opening the passenger door and climbing inside. He leaned over the console to kiss Tony.
“Asshole,” Steve spat. He felt his eyes burn with tears and he didn’t understand why he suddenly wanted to cry, but he did know that there was no way he was going to let this scaly dickhead see him in tears. Clenching his teeth, Steve dragged himself to his feet, his leg screaming in protest as the blood soaked his jeans. He laughed bitterly, because if he didn’t laugh, he was going to cry.
Alexander leaned back against the sinks, folding his arms and watching Steve with the mildly curious expression he wore when he was trying to irritate people. Steve refused to let it get to him, simply raising an eyebrow and scrubbing his hands together. A bruise was already starting to bloom on Alexander’s face where Steve had hit him, right on the cheekbone where it would pull every time he spoke.
Tony’s eyes flickered to Angie, and then everything fell into place, as Steve’s cold-addled brain caught up.
“Phrased like one, but not really,” Bucky grinned. “If you say no, I’m just gonna swing you over my shoulder and carry you.”
“You ever think people get too close to things and can’t see problems because they don’t want to see them?”
It was an office, that much was clear from the files and paperwork strewn across the desk. But most striking of all was the wall of glass beyond which was murky water. It looked into the swimming pool, Steve realised.
Tony pushed his way through the reporters, charming smile firmly in place and throwing a few waves to the cameras and the members of the public who’d turned out just to get a glimpse of them.
When Steve woke to a dry throat and a stuffy nose, he popped a couple of Sudafed and headed off to work, taking care to drink plenty and eat lots of fruit to boost his vitamins, hoping to stave off the inevitable as long as possible.
“Steve, Tony,” Bucky nodded. “God, I hate these monkey suits. Reminds me of when I was in the USO. How are you two doing?”
Tony splayed his hands on Steve’s stomach, pressing down and running his hands up his torso and leaning down, kissing him slowly. Steve tipped his head back, giving Tony better access, and his fingers crawled up Tony’s spine, feeling every bump and curve. He could feel Tony’s heart pounding in his chest, through his hand between his shoulder blades, from his chest where they were pressed together.
He climbed off of the bed just long enough to kick off his own jeans and boxers, ripping open the condom, and rolling it onto himself. Then he turned back to the bed, and his breath stuttered.
That was a strange feeling, trust. And the fact that it went both ways? Even stranger. Steve found himself trusting a veritable plethora of people who weren’t Bucky these days. As well as Rhodey and Sharon, there was Bruce, who he had an ever-growing text chain with. And then there was Tony.
“You’re allowed to be mad. But maybe not when we’re trying to sleep, hmm?” Tony raised his head and Steve could see his teasing smile through the darkness.
Zoey was still asleep on the other side of the bed. Tony leaned down, unhooking Evie Rose’s arms from his neck.
Thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, and read this fic. A special shoutout has to go to those readers who commented on every single chapter - thank you all so much! ❤️
Bruce hurried down the hall and stepped into the supply closet, there he found Frigga lounging on the old sofa from the break room next to the resuscitation dummy, lighting up a joint.
Tony stuck his tongue out at him before smiling at Steve, who rejoined them with a drink in hand. The whole team, plus the extended family, had gathered for a pre-Christmas party to exchange gifts before some of them went their separate ways for the holidays. JARVIS was playing music - mercifully interspersing the seasonal songs with other, more tolerable ones - creating an atmosphere of warmth and festivity.
“Want me to take her while you dry off?” Tony offered, nodding to Steve’s now-translucent shirt that was sticking to his chest and pulling with every movement.
“Bruce, I’m not a psychiatrist,” Hope replied. “And look at her notes: they all say the same thing. If that many doctors agree, then chances are they’re right.”
“He’ll be fine. Right?” Tony said, picking up his tool again and leaning over the suit. “I mean, he’s a grown man. Technically. He’ll be fine. He’ll be fine,” he repeated. But instead of resuming the work on the suit, Tony stared into the distance, tapping the spanner against the suit.
Steve hummed, a decidedly negative sound, so Tony moved closer, doing what he could to hold Steve up. Sure enough, a few seconds later, he began to heave again. Tony breathed slowly, fighting to keep his own nausea down, doing his best to be supportive for Steve until he was done, then handing him his toothbrush.
“Alright, here we go,” Bucky announced as he joined them, juggling three cups with coordination only the super soldier serum could provide. “One tea, soy milk for Rogers. One Americano for the man wench. One mocha for me.”
He took a second to adjust his stance in front of the bag and then he began to hit it, harder and harder, never stopping, until sweat dripped down his forehead.
“Very good. You’re not a complete idiot like the majority of your species. If you find Polaris, you can navigate. You can work out east and west, even your latitude and longitude if you have the right equipment. You can go anywhere.”
Steve laughed. “Damn. I could’ve saved myself a lot of time and effort if I’d thought of that,” he joked. Reaching behind, Steve picked up a small, perfectly wrapped parcel and handed it over. “Merry Christmas, Tony.”
“Hi Harry,” Steve nodded. He popped the lid on the box before sticking it into the microwave. “How’s it going?”
Steve rolled his eyes, pulling off his backpack and removing the box of fish, which did in fact include Tony’s favourite salmon, and passing it over.
The cameras switched silently, following Steve down the stairs, across the communal floor and into the elevator. Tony kept watching just long enough to see Steve hit the button for the lobby. He squeezed his eyes shut again.
. Even through Steve’s bunged up nose and distorted taste-buds, he could tell this was some of the best cooking he’d ever tasted.
Tony pulled out carefully and Steve rolled to his side, managing to find just enough energy to tilt his head, watching Tony wrap a hand around his own cock and jerking himself off furiously. Tony grunted in his ear, his hips twitching into his fist. If he had the energy, Steve would’ve batted Tony’s hand away and stroked him to completion himself. As it was, watching Tony chase his own orgasm was beautiful.
“November eighth, two thousand and three,” Steve replied, mirroring his position. “I was at an anti-Iraq protest, got arrested for unlawful demonstrating, flirted with the detective who processed me, was released with a warning, got the detective’s number. We dated for four months, split up, managed to remain friends, I introduced him to my oldest friend and high school girlfriend. They started dating, had a baby, got married, had two more babies, and lived happily ever after.
Tony stepped further into Steve’s personal space until they were pressed together from shoulder to toe, splaying his hands across the small of his back and rocking their hips together just a little. “Because I’m very good at taking care of you?”
Steve shook his head, stealing another piece of prawn toast even though he stopped being hungry about twenty minutes and three slices of toast ago. “‘m gay,” he replied around a mouthful of toast.
Steve laughed, picking up his backpack from the footwell before giving Tony one final, final kiss. “Thanks for the ride. See you later.”
“I’m being good, I haven’t taken any drugs, haven’t thrown myself in front of a bus just to get a hit. Kidding. I wouldn’t do that. Point is! I am fine, I am thriving even, I have my girlfriend back and a semi-reputable job so-”
“The bomb was big, but strategically placed so it would bring down the building without killing everyone inside. Which means they wanted something or someone in here. Nat’s giving Bruce a lullaby - the Hulk objected to being blown up - and Clint’s gone investigating. He’s fine; I swear he’s part cockroach and’ll outlive us all.”
. I think she holds the record for the quickest first grade suspension in history. It was hilarious and brilliant, and as soon as she came back to school, we became best friends for life. There was a spit promise and everything; it was very gross.”
He stood, crossing to Fury’s bedside and double checked his vitals. When Fury’s eyes blinked open, Tony smiled. “Welcome back, sir.”
“Oh, uh, Dr. Pym!” Lang explained, arms spinning like a windmill as he stumbled back. Hank raised an eyebrow.” Well, Dr. Pym the senior,” Lang grinned. “Of course. Since we have two of you. What are you, uh, doing here?”
Tossing his helmet aside, Tony sprinted down into a ditch, where he heard someone yell, “Do something!”
“You’re right. What am I thinking? Must be the exhaustion. And with that I bid you all goodnight. Or good morning. Whatever time it is.”
Then everything started to sink in and his libido fucked off and honestly? Steve didn’t really miss it. Relationships were decidedly not his strong point - see aforementioned month long bed hopping incident - so as far as he was concerned his lack of libido was just one less complication. No need to worry about romantic entanglements if he could keep it in his pants.
The screaming was coming from a supply closet. Steve’s outline was visible through the frosted glass, pressed against the door and hitting it furiously. Stark grabbed the handle and tried to yank it open.
When he looked up, Tony had unwrapped the cod and was slicing off thin strips of raw fish with his knife and dropping them into his mouth, one eye on Steve the entire time. There was a challenge clear in his gaze.
“Or, in their case,” Foggy added, nodding across the table at Matt and Bucky, “Your eyes meet right before he socks you in the jaw.”
“We don’t have to make a decision about our future right now,” Natasha whispered. “If you don’t want us to be together, then that’s fine.”
“Urgh, ow, okay. That one really hurt,” Tony groaned, ducking between two Dreadnoughts then wincing as another one caught him with its flamethrower.
Tony froze. He turned to Steve, uncertainty flickering over his features, and Steve knew Tony was torn between duty and their plans.
The battle raged as dawn broke over Washington DC. Slivers of sunlight began making their way into the briefing room, lighting up the room and bathing it in golden light. Steve pressed his fist to his mouth when Tony took a particularly painful looking hit, clenching his jaw and feeling his muscles begin to tremble.
Steve threw himself into the work, hoping to drive away the lingering negative feelings by keeping busy enough to avoid giving his brain a chance to think. It was always dangerous letting his brain think. Luckily, taking the pump apart required all of his brain power, even with the manual and Tony’s guidance ringing in his ears.
Anyone could turn up at the beach at any moment, but they both lingered. Steve was in no hurry to say goodbye, despite knowing the danger, and it seemed like Tony felt the same way. Or maybe he was just indulging Steve.
“Love you,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s palm and it was ridiculous that after everything they’d just done, it was that that made Tony’s stomach swoop and his mouth curl into a delighted smile. He wanted to shake his head at his own ridiculousness but instead he just pulled Steve in for another kiss, and then another, just because he could and in Tony’s opinion any time not spent kissing Steve was time wasted.
“Yeah, I kinda accidentally slept with my contacts in last night,” Steve grimaced, pushing up his glasses with his pinkie.
“That you never know when to be quiet,” Tony giggled, hiding his face in Steve’s neck to muffle the noise, squirming as Steve poked him in the side.
Steve smiled automatically at the sight of the Audi R8 with the number plate STARK 1 sitting by the curbside, Tony’s outline just visible through the passenger window. They made their way down the steps and Steve could feel the eyes of staff and students alike on him.
Sticking the cartons in the freezer, Tony rejoined Steve, smiling at the toddler eyeing him from Steve’s arms. He reached out, tickling her cheek with his forefinger.
According to the Institute’s website, Dr. Bruce Banner gave a talk on the local marine life at 10.30am every day, so Steve made sure to arrive just as the talk was ending, slipping into the back of the crowd and studying the man at the front of the room. He was older than Steve, but then Steve had already known that based on his graduation dates, and he looked kind. Considering the trust Steve was about to put in him, that was important.
The next few minutes somehow managed to both be a complete blur and to slow down so much that Bruce saw everything, every second feeling like a minute as they fought to get Jessica breathing again. His heart was in his throat, his mouth felt like dust, and a distant part of his brain was able to remark how wonderful it was that his training kicked in and took over without him needing to think about it.
Tony and Steve were walking around the Arboretum when Tony’s phone buzzed in his pocket. Tony wrestled it free with the hand not holding Steve’s. His face fell into a frown as he read the message.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and Steve burrowed into the warmth of his embrace, taking comfort from Tony’s mere presence and his arms, so strong and secure, holding him close.
“Well, um, I realise I haven’t been, exactly, great to live with the past year,” Steve winced, rubbing the back of his neck. “So I thought maybe this would be a good way to… to apologise. And tell you I’m gonna be better. Do better.”
“Uh, no, not exactly,” Steve replied. He wondered vaguely what Bruce meant by the mermaid guys, then decided from his expression that he really, one hundred percent did
He could feel Steve looking at him curiously, but Clint couldn’t stop staring at his ex-girlfriend, standing in the middle of his ER as though… as though they had had any kind of contact since she broke up with him.
“Well, that’s a terrifying thought,” Bucky declared, “And now I need pancakes with a lotta cream to stave off the nightmares about the evil version of you.”
“Uh, no,” Tony called back, wincing. He squirted the shampoo onto his hands, and if he felt better knowing he would spend the day smelling like Steve, well, that was his business and no would ever know, right?
“Sure,” Tony nodded. “I already had PR draw up a statement about taking photos of her and how anyone who crosses the line will basically have the whole team busting down their front door. Politely, of course.”
“Look, this isn’t exactly one hundred percent legal,” Steve snapped. “I know you think you’re the one taking the risk here, but you’re not. I am risking so much to ask for your help, and it’s only because I don’t see any other option. I can clean the shit out of that water, I can fix the pump, I can make sure he gets food. But I can’t figure out what’s wrong with him. Except for the fact that he was abandoned and left to die here. I
Sure enough, once he’d replaced the capacitor and connected everything up, the pump spluttered into life. Steve punched the air and danced around the pump room, silently glad there was no one to see him and judge.
“I’m so sorry, kid,” Dr. Stark said and unlike most people, he actually meant it. Johnny liked him. He would be a good dad. He wouldn’t abandon his son.
“Here we go,” Tony announced a few minutes later, handing over the plate. “Apple with a side of Tylenol. Bon appetit.”
“No, it’s not. Tony, you were right: if there’s a fight, I’m going to get involved in it. If I see a situation headed south, I can’t ignore it. Sometimes I wish I could.”
“Yeah,” he replied, keeping his face impassive. “Lots of plans. So many that I don’t know where to start.”
Steve shrugged. “He was right; it blew up. Tony and I were thrown into the water where the rest of the Avengers rescued us.”
“You could try the camp down at I-37,” Wade mused. “You know the overpass at I-37 and Brooklyn? There. But be careful man, it’s pretty rough.”
“He was never quite right,” Stane continued. “After his parents died. Who can blame him? Losing both parents like that.” Stane
“You might have a concussion,” Sharon smiled. She checked Peter’s pupils but they were both the same size. “We’ll get you a CT scan. Just in case. You were wearing a helmet?”
“Now, here we have Iron Man,” Steve began and he could feel the surprise and confusion from the crowd.
Tony didn’t reply, he just stared at the shattered remains of Steve’s phone with a horrible sense of foreboding. If this was what they’d done to Steve’s phone, what had they done to Steve? Steve was in danger, and it was all his fault.
“Loki and I accidentally came across a Boniboo nest,” Thor continued, “And suddenly we were under attack by the whole conglomerate. It was a glorious battle. We had to run for our lives!”
If you haven't already seen it, circle back to Chapter 3 to see the AMAZING Bucky art I commissioned from Quinn.
Steve lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling with Tony curled into his side. Usually he was the one cuddling up to Tony, but tonight he lay awake, his mind buzzing.
His heart pounded in his ear for the entire flight from the Tower to the Guiletta with a constant refrain of
Pepper sighed, and Tony winced. One day, she would decide she’s had enough of him, and where would he be then?
“Yeah, well, see if I buy you your favourite Thai green curry again.” She stuck out her tongue at him. “And hey, don’t worry about tonight. You’re gonna be fine. I know it. Even if you are a dick,” she added, poking him in the side.
He sat on the pier, staring out to sea, hoping for some sign, a final sight of Tony, but there was nothing. Tony was gone. He was home, back where he belonged. Steve had fulfilled his promise.
“I have this lump,” Bobbi explained. “I’ve had it forever, but it’s really creeping me out and I feel like it’s more prominent. But I don’t have insurance so I can’t go to the doctor unless I want to pay through the nose for them to dismiss me.”
As Natasha and Clint got caught in an argument of who, exactly, saved who in Stockholm, Tony nudged Steve and murmured, “Want me to hold her so you can use both hands?”
Which was why Steve gave his dad the address when he asked to meet him, because he knew none of the Avengers would walk in to get coffee or a Danish and potentially end up meeting his father.
the problem?” he exclaimed. “I bought you the damn books because I thought you’d like them! Because I thought I’d rather get something that meant something to you, than something stupid and meaningless like flowers!”
“Have fun on your date,” Bucky called, stepping out on the communal floor, throwing Tony a wave over his shoulder.
Steve glanced at the clock; six minutes left to the end of class and the end of not only the day, but the school year. Just enough time to troll his students.
“The doctor in me says that socio-economic background doesn’t play a part in mental illness or addiction,” Dr. Stark replied, twisting his fingers together. He smiled wryly. “But the addict in me says absolutely nothing and that I should be ashamed of being so weak.”
After hearing himself referred to as the Merchant of Death - and worse - for years, Tony couldn’t deny hearing Captain America say he was the “good version” of himself made him feel disgustingly warm and fuzzy.
This time he was looking for it, so he noticed the strange shimmer in the air, dodging the next blow by the skin of his suit. Unfortunately, he was so busy dodging one attack, he missed the second and the third, which had him tossed through the air like a hacky sack in a playground.
Sure enough, above where the door on the floor below below, the shelves were shallower than on the rest of the wall.
Sharon smiled to herself, enjoying the look of confusion on Johnny’s face as May swept him into her arms and hugged him. Peter and Johnny shared a look over her shoulder, communicating silently, and Sharon had a good feeling about those two.
“Yeah, you gotta get some armour, babe,” Bucky agreed, shoving a handful of tortillas into his mouth.
Then Steve was kissing him until Tony’s lungs were protesting at the lack of air but Tony told them to shut up, because he was kissing his husband and they were going to be parents and there was nothing he wanted more in the world.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, lifting their hands and pressing a kiss into the centre of Tony’s palm. “I love it. I love how safe and protected I feel when you’re on top of me.”
“Don’t get used to it,” Steve smiled, before sliding his mask back in place to face the hoard of cameras waiting outside.
“We realised that there was probably a command centre for the Dreadnoughts onboard, so we searched for it.”
Ellie looked curiously at Clint’s sandwich and Steve knew that he would be coming back to a sticky pup but right now, he didn’t care.
Eventually, near the bottom of the page, he managed to find one. Howard sat with his arm around a fifteen year old Tony’s shoulders and Tony was glaring at the camera with a very familiar pair of eyes, which even then held a cocktail of hatred and fear. Importing the image into Gimp, Steve drew on a rough copy of his attacker’s facial hair then sat back and stared.
Tony smiled back, and Steve realised with delighted surprise he actually felt connected to someone in a way he hadn’t in a very long time. More than five years, he thought ruefully.
There were very few photos of Tony Stark. Certainly none as an adult; after all, it was well known the man was a recluse. Had been ever since his parents died.
“You singlehanded revolutionised clean energy,” he listed, ticking them off on his fingers. “I guess the superhero thing is
“Alright, bring her into trauma two,” Dr. Pym ordered. She pulled a flashlight from her pocket, leaning over the patient. “Ma’am? Ma’am, can you hear me?”
“That’s kinda weird,” Steve mused. Perhaps Tony Stark had removed his own belongings following his parents’ deaths, but it seemed strange that he would take them and nothing else, not even some of the paintings which Steve recognised as being by successful if not particularly famous artists.
He dozed like that until Natasha announced that they were coming in to the Tower. Tony sat up with a yawn, stretching his arms above his head with a low whine in the back of his throat. Sitting back with a sigh, he nudged Bucky, snickering when he jerked awake with a snort and blinked blearily at Tony.
“Did I mention how much I didn’t miss you?” Steve grumbled, falling back easily into the teasing give-and-take of their childhood.
Jessica glanced at him in surprise, before doubling over again. “Yeah, but this is not cramps. This makes my cramps feel like a papercut. Ouch!”
“But then I talked to Phil,” Steve continued, “And I realised something. I can deal with that fear if I have a guarantee that you’re going to come back to me.”
“Thank you, Crash,” Tony continued. “Alternative plan: we send our spies in, we plant a bug - one of mine, so they’re not going to find it - and then we know what they’re doing as they’re doing it.”
There was only one tiny flaw in their plan; the following day, Rhodey received last minute orders to take part in a training exercise which wouldn’t see him return home until late. Steve was loath to wait longer than he had to, a voice in the back of his head telling him that Stane was up to something and the longer they waited, the worse it would be. So Rhodey suggested bringing in Sharon. She was Stane’s assistant and could get Steve into the building at a time when Stane was out and wouldn’t return.
Tony pulled back, taking one last look at Steve, before sliding down the bed and settling between Steve’s legs. Steve fished for a pillow, shoving it under his head, so he could watch Tony without straining his neck, because he was pretty sure Tony giving him a blow job was something he wanted to see.
“Oh, and I know Dr. Ross,” she added. “He’s an arrogant son of bitch, who needs to be taken down a peg or two. You could be the one to do that. By proving him wrong.”
“You’ll be fine,” Angie assured him. “And if you’re not, I’ll be there. I’ve got your back, Rogers.”
“No, I think it’s just you.” Tony scrubbed his hands through his hair. “Okay, so: he wants help. But he also doesn’t want help. How do I help him then?”
“I shoulda stayed on the couch,” Steve shook his head. “I don’t know who you are or, or what you are, and I don’t care. You’re never going to see me again.”
“We gotta get you out of here,” Steve said shakily. “There’s a car down by the generator. I’m going to get it and I’m getting you out of here now.”
“Everything I’ve gone through,” Steve explained slowly, trying to find the right words to explain how he felt and ignoring the creeping sensation of wrong crawling up his spine. “It’s… it’s hard to put it aside sometimes. I’m not so good at letting people in. But I want to be better at it. With you. I like it when we work together.”
The pieces fell into place in quick succession: Stane would try to remove Tony legally, but if that failed, he would expose Howard and Maria for the monsters they were and have Tony thrown in a tank at SeaWorld, all so he could keep the power he’d grown accustomed to.
Steve followed his gaze along the corridor and smiled when he spotted Bucky waiting outside the courtroom, a frown on his face as he tugged at his collar.
“My ex stood up to him once,” he admitted. “That's the only time I didn’t give him anything. She was small but very fierce.”
Once the doors closed behind Fury, Steve turned back to the bag. He took a deep breath, wiping his forehead with the back of his wrist before shaking the worst of the tension from his body.
There was no point getting his hopes up. Tony might adore Ellie but the chances of him being interested in anything more with Steve were virtually nonexistent.
Steve knew it, had known it since he recognised Tony in the portrait the night before, but even so, the confirmation was staggering. He opened his mouth, then closed it again, searching for the words, before settling on, “How?”
“Tony, there’s something I want to tell you,” he began. “I was waiting for the perfect time, but then Daniel pointed out to me that there’s no such thing as the perfect time. Tony, I-”
Staring after Stane for another moment, Steve turned and went in search of Rhodey and Sharon. And when he noticed Stane watching him throughout the morning, he tried to tell himself it was just a coincidence.
“So. What’s your plan for the day?” Tony asked, slicing off a strip of salmon and rolling it up before popping it into his mouth.
Everyone in the bar looked uncomfortable or annoyed, but no one bothered to say anything. Steve glanced back at the woman from earlier. He took in her clenched jaw and glassy eyes, then returned to glaring at the asshole. From the corner of his eye, Steve saw Josie give the asshole a dirty look, before ignoring him and continuing to take orders.
Tony smiled then without warning, he flipped them over, pushing Steve onto his back and straddling his thigh so their legs tangled together. Steve grinned up at him, looking ridiculously smug, like he knew what Tony was up to the entire time. Maybe he did. Leaning his hands against Steve’s shoulders, Tony bent down and kissed him slowly, smiling into the kiss when Steve groaned into it.
Watching Steve ride him was like watching a work of art. His thigh muscles alone made Tony want to thank any deity out there who happened to be listening. He could resist splaying his hands over Steve’s thighs, the fine hair tickling his palms, and digging his fingers into the muscle until they both groaned.
“It’s festive,” Matt replied brightly, a shit eating grin on his face as he proudly showed off his jumper depicting Santa Claus riding on the back of a tyrannosaurus rex, with tiny coloured lights flashing in the place of the stars.
The day was long and dragged, but with Tony helping pick the garbage from the deepest parts of the pool, it seemed a little less challenging. By the time Steve called it a day, they’d managed to remove most of the detritus from the water. It was an accomplishment, even if Steve struggled to feel anything other than bone-deep exhaustion.
“Easy, Tony,” Bucky snapped, aborting his attempts to get to his feet. “You were thrown halfway across the room.”
Someone with Steve’s childhood ailments could not only survive but thrive, thanks to the advances in medical science.
Eventually, amid much protestations, it was time for the girls to go to bed. They cleaned them up, tucking Zoey and Evie Rose into Angie’s bed, then Steve lowered a sleeping Hannah into the travel crib Tony wrestled into submission in the living room and tiptoed into Steve’s room, closing the door behind them.
It was easy to forget that Bucky was a war hero when you saw him joking around or draped over his boyfriend. But this, Steve realised, wasn’t Bucky Barnes. This was Captain America.
Steve’s hand shot out and hit the space bar, freezing the video and giving him a blurry view of the portrait of the Stark family. He’d seen the same portrait himself just hours ago, but back then it was one of the less interesting items in the house as far as Steve was concerned. He was starting to regret that.
Then Tony closed the distance between them and Steve’s blood sang, his heart pounding in his chest and his hands digging into Tony’s ass in a desperate attempt to pull him closer. Tony let the movement rock their groins together and Steve let out a groan, muffled by Tony’s mouth, as their dicks rubbed together.
“Um, you have one email from the DoD that I marked as urgent, but everything else can wait,” Ari explained. “And I deleted the dross, so… Yeah. That’s it.”
“Yeah, but it’s… complicated,” Tony said, his face settling into a frown. “You have- had Arnie and… I don’t- I don’t want to… mess that up.”
He said a silent prayer of thanks that he’d trusted Rhodey and Sharon enough to bring them into this. Without their respective knowledge and expertise, he never would’ve been able to decipher the technical and legal jargon, all of which amounted to this: Howard Stark left Stark Industries to Tony.
Then Tony turned a little, following Stane, and something glinted below the surface, catching the light from one of the stray beams of sunlight sneaking their way into the room.
“You don’t all have to be here for this,” Steve protested, although he couldn’t deny that it felt good to have them here.
Despite knowing time was against them, Steve lingered in the doorway, staring back at Tony and holding his gaze for a good minute before finally tearing himself away.
Hope sighed. “I can call psych, see if they have a bed for her. But we’re the ER. We don’t have the time or the beds or frankly the funding. I’m sorry.”
Hot on his heels came another goon. Clint flipped the cable around his neck and used his weight to pull him backwards, using him as a shield between Clint and the rest of the gang.
“Thank you,” Steve smiled, his eyes going soft and Scott wondered if this was what it felt like watching your parents flirt. Or maybe, more accurately, your dad flirting with someone who wasn’t your mom. Oh no, he was going to sneeze.
“Have you come to a decision?” Natasha asked, shoving her hands into the pockets of her scrub top to avoid fidgeting nervously. She was the doctor. She wasn’t supposed to be nervous.
Shaking his head, Steve went back to work. And if he kept sneaking glances at Tony every so often, well, there was no one around to judge him for it.
“Why would you even suggest that?” Daniel exclaimed. “I still have nightmares about the time you gave me food poisoning.”
“Rewind,” Tony ordered, folding his arms across his chest. When he saw himself leave, he murmured, “And play.”
“I hope this isn’t how you plan to make any future exceptions,” Steve teased. “Because I enjoy this method, but I don’t think I’d appreciate it being used on anyone else.”
. Clicking on the link, Steve found it was an undergraduate thesis from 2008 by a then-student of Harvard.
“Okay,” Tony nodded, but he didn’t look reassured so Steve tried to hurry as much as he could, jogging down the garden and taking the trail down to his car as quickly as he could without turning an ankle on a rock.
“And you,” Tony replied, shaking Foggy’s hand with an easy smile. How could he look so calm and natural? That laugh tried to work its way free from Steve’s throat again. He buried it with a cough.
“Nothing? Really? Have you been taking lessons from the Black Widow?” Nefaria teased. “You know she’s a murderer, right? Her kill list, oh, it’s terrifying. Almost as long as your friend Captain America. Who fights for truth, justice and the American way.”
“I didn’t say anything,” Steve replied, his heart hammering in his ears. He flicked Tony’s forehead. “You trying to give me a heart attack?”
Natasha stepped forward instinctively, reaching for something, anything that she could do to help, and Steve jerked back. Without looking away from Steve, Stark waved his free hand at her to stay back.
How could they not have seen Tony’s obvious discomfort? Or, Steve realised, leaving him queasy and furious, did they just not care? Did they see the little mer’s confusion and fear and ignore it? Did they enjoy it?
“You are throwing me out of bed - out of our bed?” Tony grinned. “On my first night back on American soil, you are throwing me out of our bed?”
Sure enough, Tony started appearing in the footage, a blur of red and gold firing bursts of blue towards the Dreadnoughts. Soon the rest of the Avengers began to appear, Bucky and Thor most noticeable thanks to the shield and the lightning cutting through the air. But Steve’s focus was on Tony, trying to watch him at all times and growing increasingly frustrated when the cameras failed to follow him.
“Now, the reason I asked you all here today,” the Principal continued, “Is because we have exciting news. We are lucky enough to be the inaugural recipient of an exciting new grant provided by Dream Master Inc.”
It came to a head, when Tony’s grin faded into a smile, and he asked, “You okay? You seem… I don’t know. Off.”
When they reached L&L, they climbed into an empty booth, sitting opposite each other, and Angie looked like she was about to kiss the waitress who handed them their menus.
When he reopened his eyes, Steve saw Tony’s eyelids drooping. He pulled Tony under the water, running his fingers through Tony’s hair to make sure all the soap was gone before winding his arms around Tony’s waist and dropping his head onto his shoulder. Tony reached back, winding his hand into Steve’s hair.
The package was heavy and solid underneath the paper. Steve glanced at Tony, before carefully pulling the tape off and sliding the paper off of what turned out to be a set of four books. He turned the spines up so he could read the names, and that was when he stopped breathing.
Tony caught Steve’s chin with his free hand, drawing him in for another kiss, nipping at his lips. By the time they pulled apart at Bucky’s pointed cough, Steve’s pupils were blown, his lips red, and Tony felt a rush of pride at being the one responsible.
Steve glanced down and saw that Ellie’s eyes were open and she was blinking slowly at Tony, not fully awake yet. Her thumb drifted towards her mouth and her other hand pawed lightly at Steve’s shirt.
“I’m going to stay here,” Matt said, picking up an abandoned scarf and tying it around his head. “Help get the civilians out.”
The students were all in class, so there was no one to witness him dragging his sorry ass down to the admin department, but when he got there, all the office staff stared at him. Steve frowned. Maybe he looked as bad as he felt.
Which was how Steve ended up making his way into Stark Industries the following morning, in a clean shirt and his smartest pair of jeans, following Sharon and trying to look like he belonged there. He accepted his visitor’s badge with trepidation; if he was on the visitor’s log then Stane could find out he’d been there.
“Wait, wait!” Peggy exclaimed, sitting up so quickly she almost fell off of Daniel’s knee. “I just thought of a brilliant one.”
By the time Tony pulled into the garage of the Tower, Steve was starting to feel more like himself again.
“He’s gonna kill me,” he told the empty apartment. “Well, if I’m gonna die tomorrow, I might as well eat ice cream tonight.”
“I can’t believe he was on that kid’s motorcycle,” May Parker muttered. “Jesus. I’ve told Peter I don’t like him hanging around with that Storm kid. I told him he was dangerous. And look what happened.”
Steve laced his fingers with Tony’s in the car ride from the apartment to the courthouse. They sat in silence, both wrapped up in their own thoughts, but Tony’s thumb ran back and forth along the edge of Steve’s hand. It was soothing, giving Steve something to focus on to avoid getting lost in his head.
Bruce pursed his lips and tried to ignore the lump in his throat. He’d never admitted that to anyone before. And here he was, spilling his gut to a stranger.
As they waited in line, making small talk, Steve tried to get his brain in order. He was happy to see Tony, he was, but he also… wasn’t? No, that wasn’t quite right. He was… angry with Tony? Maybe not angry, but irritated at least. Like a niggling itch beneath his skin, demanding attention.
“Mer,” Tony repeated. “I’m a mer. Drop the man bit. Unlike humans, we don’t have the patriarchal need to have “man” in our species name.”
“Careful,” Tony told him, as though he knew without Steve saying a thing. Maybe he did. Tony showered him with soft kisses, his lips drifting across his face. “Go gently. There’s no hurry. I’m not going anywhere, sweetheart.”
“Uh, I gotta go,” he said, hearing movement from the bedroom. “I think the invalid is awake and I wanna check his temperature.”
She stood, smoothing down the jacket of her sharp pantsuit, and moved to the front of the courtroom. An expectant hush fell on the room.
Steve released a ragged breath, forcing himself to move towards the spiral staircase in the corner, heading down to explore the wine cellar - which was bigger than his bedroom back at the apartment - to chase away the memories and creeping melancholy which threatened his good mood. When he returned to the ground floor, he hurried out of the library and returned to the entrance hall.
Steve could hear nothing but the pounding of his own heart, but Tony could probably hear everything.
A wave of nostalgia washed over him as he realised that his mother would’ve loved this room. A lump pressed on his vocal cords as he imagined her curled up in an armchair in the corner of the room, her nose buried in a book.
“No,” Steve shook his head. But his mind flashed back to that morning, hiding underwater with Tony’s hand in his, clinging to Tony when they resurfaced. To the moment when he held Tony’s hand and stared into his eyes and realised he wanted nothing more than to close the distance between them and kiss him. “There’s nobody.”
“Don’t call him that!” Steve snapped and instantly regretted it, because Stane’s eyes lit up. He’d just told Stane exactly which button to push if he wanted to get at Steve.
Dr. Stark rubbed his palms together slowly. “If you can’t get clean for yourself, for whatever bullshit reason your brain gives you, then do it for someone you love.”
“Yeah,” Steve grinned. “Ellie. Sweetheart. This is your dad.” He glanced at Arnie. “Do you want to hold her?”
Steve trembled. His traitorous heart jumped, beating expectantly, but Steve told himself that it didn’t mean anything. Tony didn’t,
Bucky and Thor helped them onboard, then Bruce was waiting with towels. Tony grabbed one, rubbing his hair drying before squeezing the water out of his clothes. Glancing over his shoulder, he found Steve doing the same.
“No, dad didn’t think I was good enough for him,” Dr. Stark grinned. He helped Johnny out of his shirt. “My dad and I didn’t have a close relationship.”
Hoping he looked more confident than he felt, Bruce pushed open the door to recovery, pasting on a reassuring smile. Jessica was sitting up in bed, the restraints around her wrists, blinking dazedly. Matt stood at her side, covering her hand with his own, standing sentinel.
He was doing this for Bobbi, he reminded himself, and smacked the button to call the elevator. He already felt like he needed to have a shower.
“I love you too.” Tony leaned in to steal another kiss. “We should put pants on, right? There’s a teenager in the house, that would be responsible, right?”
Even so, it summoned Tony instantly, leaning over the bed with one hand in the small of Steve’s back.
“I know something about switching sides,” Tony shrugged. His head started pounding in time with his pulse.
“Yeah, that’s right. We just started the new term,” Steve nodded. “Already I wanna hit my head against a brick wall.”
“Alright, I’m gonna have a smoke,” Stark announced and Steve’s face fell into what was known around the ER - but never to Steve’s face - as the Steve Rogers Frown of Disapproval.
A jewellery box, he realised. He flicked it open to reveal a simple gold Star of David necklace. Ellie leaned forward, drawn by the reflection of the sun on the gold, then looked up at Steve questioningly.
It was in a jeweller’s in Brooklyn. He’d saved for weeks to afford the ring he’d seen and instantly fallen in love with. Much like the woman who would eventually wear it for only nine months.
“Apparently we all had an off day tonight,” Hope sighed, staring across the parking lot, where Stark was climbing onto a motorbike and offering Steve a second helmet. Steve huffed. Then he took the helmet but leaned down and kissed Stark thoroughly.
“Hey, how are you feeling?” Tony asked, smiling at the sight of a sleep-rumpled and scowling Steve pushing himself up slowly.
Tony swam towards the carrier bag, hopping onto the edge of the pool and rummaging inside. Steve tried not to stare, but for the first time, he could see Tony’s body clearly. It was… Well, it didn’t quite seem real.
A few more thrusts and Steve came, warmth flooding through him as he went boneless in Tony’s arms, burying his face into the crook of his neck and breathing in the smell of sweat and antibacterial soap.
In his mind he could see his father’s smirking face, could hear all the taunts and barbs Joseph had thrown his way over the years, recalled all the shit he’d put Steve’s mother through before she died.
Steve huffed, leaning his weight against Tony and feeling a little thrill when Tony supported him easily, his hands shifting to Steve’s hips to hold him steady. Some of the anger and frustration seeped out of him at Tony’s touch.
“That’s disgusting,” Steve declared. Tony rolled his eyes, a knowing smile on his face. So Steve took great pleasure in adding, “That knife still has my blood on it. Don’t use it to eat your dinner.”
“I know,” Steve smirked, letting his head fall back so Tony could place open mouthed kisses down his neck. “I was… I was on the debate team, you know.”
“First off, you figured that out in three seconds,” Steve pointed out, “Which makes you a total dork, and it’s adorable. And, yeah. You said it was your favourite movie, and it’s one of the few Disney films I haven’t seen, which is frankly unacceptable.”
Hope rolled her eyes. Scott was an amazing nurse - top of his class at Johns Hopkins - but he was also a complete and utter dumbass. And she really shouldn’t find him as attractive as she did.
“Yes!” Steve grinned, hauling the door open and stepping into- “Nothing. There’s nothing here,” he growled, spinning around just in case he’d missed something on the empty white walls.
Dr. Romanoff smiled at him. Bruce suspected that for Dr. Romanoff, a smile was like grinning from ear to ear. “Good job, Bruce. Let’s run the tests to confirm your diagnosis.”
Steve glanced up at the sea of tiny freshmen - oh God, in a few months they would be sophomores - faces staring at him with wide, innocent eyes. Except they all looked too innocent for any good.
“Hey, that was on you,” Steve argued. “I told you that I was dating Tony. Not my fault you didn’t believe me.”
“I like being tied up,” he admitted. “As long as it’s consensual. He taught me how to get out of handcuffs because that’s basic good practise. You should always be able to get free. But on April 13th, I did not consent to being handcuffed, nor did I consent to being kidnapped.”
“Rise and shine, sleepyhead,” Tony’s voice announced, sounding far too gleeful. “You have work today.”
Steve eyed the distance between himself and Stane, and Stane and the door. He decided it was worth the risk. He and Stane were about the same height, and although Stane was broader, Steve was fast. High school track team fast. He could make it.
“Yeah, because I was getting laid. Clint, I’m supposed to be meeting Pepper to start setting up the Meet the Heroes event at SI in fifteen minutes,” Tony exclaimed. “And you’re supposed to be there in an hour!”
Hope sighed and studied him for a long minute, and Clint was just beginning to resign himself to the fact that it wasn’t happening when she said, “You owe me.”
“I’d say they’re not, but chances are this’ll be the one time they actually use their heads for something other than hitting people,” Clint muttered.
The paramedic looked uncertain, but he set his jaw and nodded. Gritting his teeth, Tony pushed any doubts to the back of his mind and grasped the branch. “One… two… three.”
“I wouldn’t say no ulterior motive,” Steve grinned and Tony barked out another laugh. His hand slipped onto Steve’s ass, pushing him closer until they were practically on top of each other, highlighting the height difference between them. Steve cradled Tony’s head in his hands and kissed him, pouring his desire and love into the kiss. Tony’s hands held him in place, as though Steve could want to be anywhere other than in Tony’s arms, digging into his skin just on the right side of painful.
Steve chuckled, his muscles shifting beneath Tony’s hands, and when he opened his eyes again, Steve was looking up at him with an unmeasurably fond expression. Combined with his tousled hair and kiss-red lips, it was a good look.
“I’m what you might call accident prone,” Wilson grinned. “Flirted with the wrong guy at a bar, you know how it is.”
Curiously, Stark’s expression seemed to darken for a second. But before Scott could question it too much, a slurred voice shouted, “What the hell’s taking so long?”
Johnny let Dr. Stark lead him inside because it felt so good to have someone show genuine care and concern for him. He’d almost forgotten what that felt like since his dad went to prison and his sister left for college. And even though he knew it would just hurt more to go back to no one caring afterwards, he let Dr. Stark pull him along like a moth to a flame because he was just a kid and he was tired.
“Okay, yeah, I don’t have an explanation for that,” she admitted. “Although Stark does have a good ass.”
Tony and Evie Rose sat and read for a while, until Evie Rose cut off halfway through to ask, “Uncle Steve, how long until dinner’s ready?”
Steve returned to an empty apartment, the silence verging on suffocating. Dropping his keys into the dish, Steve sighed. He glanced around the apartment, but he didn’t know what to do. The cut on his lip stung.
She stepped back, closing the passenger door and waving as Tony revved the engine and pulled away from the curb.
“Because if I wasn’t here, who knows what kind of trouble you’d get into,” Tony replied lightly. He smoothed Steve’s damp hair back off of his forehead, dropping a kiss onto the revealed skin. “You need someone to stop you doing stupid things.”
“Yes, you could trip over something. Something round. Like a shield,” Tony grinned. Bucky glowered at him. Undeterred, Tony continued, “Captain America, ladies and gentlemen. The star spangled man with a plan, who punched Hitler over two hundred times, and who was, just minutes ago, tripped over by his own shield!”
Movement in the water finally drew Steve’s eyes away from the maybe-gills, and they widened when he realised he wasn’t looking at the man’s legs or feet. Because he didn’t have legs or feet.
“Yes,” Hank smiled. “But to the ER or into Rogers’ pants? And before you try to deny that workplace flings happen around here all the time,” he continued, “Remember that is how I met my wife. If Stark puts one toe out of line, if there is one hint of that mess from Mass General, he is gone. Understood?”
Lucky whined, but he jumped into the back of Bucky’s car, curling up in the foot well and resting his head on the centre console so he could watch Steve with a mournful expression. Steve clipped on his belt then paused, taking one last look at the scene outside.
“Angie and I are like that in the last week of term,” Steve explained. “The day you and I matched was actually the first day of summer vacation. We had no food in our apartment. Or coffee, or tea. It was not good. Thank God for L&L.”
“Yeah. Fine,” Tony flashed him a smile but Steve’s instincts told him it was a lie. “Get settled in okay?”
He shouldn’t. He should go back to the tower and let Steve get some sleep. But Tony let Steve lead him inside. He followed him upstairs and into the apartment, where Steve tugged him towards his bedroom.
Pepper approached him with a small smile on her face. “Not bad, Rogers,” she murmured. “If the job hunt doesn’t work out, let me know. I think we could get you into marketing. You’re very good at this.”
“You’re pretty cool, Stark. I mean, you’re almost a complete asshole and you’re kinda drooling which is very off-putting, but you’re pretty cool.”
Steve opened his mouth to object, before remembering that this was his third meal in under twenty four hours which consisted only of pizza, and abruptly shut it again. Tony… maybe had a point.
“This is less of a disaster zone than I was expecting,” Tony announced, stepping into Steve’s bedroom.
Tony’s mouth twisted into a wry smile; he ran his thumb around the edge of his mug, before taking a sip of coffee.
“Marco Scarlotti was a scumbag who enjoyed hurting people,” Nefaria retorted. “I did the world a favour by ridding it of him. If you knew half the things he did of his own obligation, you’d be physically sick. But then, considering the company you keep, perhaps it wouldn’t bother you.”
“See? This is why I bring you along,” Daniel teased, putting the perfume back before heading towards the cash registers.
“When I was at med school,” he explained, “My advisor was a guy named Dr. Thaddeus Ross. And he, um. He told me that he doesn’t think I have what it takes. To be a doctor. Definitely not a surgeon. I’m scared he’s right.”
But if he was being selfish - and he wanted to be selfish, he really wanted to be selfish - he would say it wasn’t enough. He wanted everything even though he already had so much more than he thought he would ever get. But he wanted more.
“We need more like you, Bruce,” Dr. Romanoff said, studying him with calculating eyes. “I won’t lie to you: ER is hard. We have two options: up or out. Up for the patients who need to be admitted. Out for the ones which don’t need to be here. Demand always outweighs availability. The truth is we don’t have the time or the resources to spend this long on every patient. One in ten patients discharged from the ER return with the same symptoms. We’re fighting a losing battle most nights, caught between what we can do and what we wish we could do.”
Splaying one hand on Steve’s back and sliding the other below his ass, Tony peppered Steve’s neck with kisses, lulling him into a false sense of security.
Steve ignored him. He picked up the aluminium pole, still with the net attached, and turned towards the pool, ready to continue fishing out the trash and debris. But Tony was staring at him and irritation flared in Steve’s chest.
He left the car running to remove the jumper cables. Then he drove the car up the driveway, parking it as close to the terrace as possible. The engine still running, Steve climbed into the back to toss the junk left there into the trunk so Tony would be as comfortable as possible.
“Wow,” Tony said breathlessly when they pulled apart, his lips red as his tongue darted out, running over his lower lip. “Miss me?”
“Good evening, sir,” JARVIS replied and Tony almost wept at the sound of his voice. “I am relieved to find you are in one piece.”
He jumped when the bell rang, blinking in confusion until he remembered where he was. The rest of the teachers drifted off, back to their classrooms, the fight already slipping from their minds as nothing more than a titbit to gossip about over dinner, but Steve lingered, watching the screen, wishing he could reach through it and touch Tony.
“No, I’m fine. I promise,” Steve insisted, but he pressed closer, curling his hand around the neck of the suit.
Although grocery shopping was a trial in itself, with paparazzi hiding behind the stacks of toilet paper, waiting to see what he was buying or just in case he decided to start an affair with the bag boy at CTown.
Another cheep alerted him to U’s presence; the second robot was holding something in his claw. His phone, Tony realised.
Steve let out a bitter laugh. “When have you ever acted like my father?” he spat. “You’ve never been anything but a fucking leech.” But he pulled out his phone and opened his banking app, preparing the transfer. “You haven’t changed your account again, have you?”
“You have no idea, Mr Rogers,” Stane murmured, eyeing him over the top of his glass. Then he clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder with surprising strength. “Well, it was nice to meet you. If you’ll excuse me.”
The moment the car door closed, Tony pulled out his phone and called Steve. Three rings, and then Steve’s voice said, “Hello?” and Tony found himself smiling.
His room was stifling and Steve knew it was going to be one of those horribly humid and sticky days which he hated. Pulling on his board shorts and his thinnest t-shirt, Steve glared at his boots. They were
Coulson hummed. “Is the futurist looking back? Maybe to a time when he was pushing people away instead of asking for help?”
“Very much so,” Tony agreed when they broke apart. He swatted Steve on the ass, already looking forward to getting his hands and other parts of himself up close and personal with that ass when they got home. “Go. I’ll get the kid and meet you outside.”
“But the one thing my grandmother was able to save was this quilt her grandmother made for the birth of her first child. With the birth of every child, the quilt grew. Each name painstakingly stitched into the quilt. As the family grew, so did it. When they lost everything, the quilt was damaged, but Nonna kept it. And she spent years repairing it to its former glory, but she did it. And it was beautiful.
“I didn’t steal your building, I bought your building,” Clint corrected. “I gave you money and the building became mine, that’s how buying something works, Ivan.”
“Uh huh. Total assholes. I know they get a good rep, but the truth is they do not live up to the hype. I remember this one time when I was a kid…”
Ellie gaped at him for a moment. Then her face split into a grin and she clapped her hands together twice.
“I have the very tale,” Thor grinned. “One day, Loki and I decided we wanted to go on an adventure. So we decided to sneak out of the palace, and Loki used his magic to conceal us so even Heimdall could not find us. Then, using the secret passages between worlds, we made our way to Nix. Have you ever been to Nix?”
“Of course,” Tony nodded, pulling his phone from his pocket and opening his banking app. Steve watched Tony’s fingers fly across the screen. Across the table Joseph’s phone pinged; he withdrew it and nodded, tilting it so his lawyers could see the screen.
“It’s not your fault. There are two people in a relationship, Tony. And you’re making it work with Steve now. Besides, just because it’s not like it was before, doesn’t mean it has to be bad.”
“Alright everyone,” Natasha called, drawing everyone’s attention. “Let’s get started. First of all, nobody use the coffee pot - Clint’s using it as a mug again.”
Tony shuffled out of bed. Steve experienced a pang of anxiety when Tony left the room, internally scolding himself for it, but he always felt this way when Tony returned from a tour, as though he might vanish again if Steve wasn’t watching him at all times.
He finally found the generator in the second, smaller outbuilding, which seemed to have been used for storage only, with an honest-to-God fuel tank beside it which was, Steve confirmed, full of fuel. There was even a second, portable generator hidden under a tarp.
“For the record, the witness pointed to the defendant,” Walters added. “Mr Rogers, Can we talk about April 13th now? What happened on the night of April 13th 2015?”
He threw himself at Stane, but Stane twisted out of the way, grabbing Steve by the hair. He yanked Steve’s head back while punching his fist into his gut. Steve gasped, falling to the ground again, narrowly avoiding slamming his face into the floor.
He was a dick and Clint would rather punch him in the nose than ask him for a favour. But he’d been doing things he wouldn’t normally do for Bobbi since he met her, so why change the habits of a lifetime now?
“I love you too,” Steve smiled. “I don’t have a ring. I started looking, but none of them looked right for you, and I don’t have any money and I really only decided to do this about three hours ago.”
“Did I break you?” Tony teased, but Steve could see the hesitance in his eyes. Remembering Tony’s nerves about removing his shirt while sexting, Steve surged upwards, sealing their mouths together in a hungry kiss.
The silence stretched awkwardly between them. Tony did feel bad; he knew he was letting her down, and it was doubly awkward because it was for his new boyfriend.
Steve let Tony draw him in for another kiss, this one turning deeper, and Tony’s hands began to wander over Steve’s body. He shivered, breaking the kiss reluctantly and pressing their foreheads together.
“I’m okay. How’s my dad?” she asked, looking up at him with wide brown eyes. Whoever said that brown eyes were boring was lying, Tony decided. He’d never thought his own brown eyes were anything to write home about even though Steve liked to tell him otherwise. But on MJ they were beautiful.
“I gotta say, this is probably the weirdest encounter with an ex I’ve ever had,” Bruce grinned and oh, that was the expression that caught Steve’s interest a year ago.
“I gotta go,” he told Bobbi. “Just remember: anyone tries to get you to leave, do that and hide in the restroom.”
Steve scrambled off the couch, sliding across the wooden floor in his socks into his bedroom. Yanking open a drawer, he rifled through until he found a t-shirt fitting Daniel’s description and tugged it on. Luckily, he’d done a load of laundry the day before, otherwise the jeans Daniel specified would still be lounging in the bottom of the hamper. Steve shimmied them over his hips, turning to look over his shoulder into the mirror.
“Yeah,” Steve drawled, getting to his feet. “I’d hate to see your donations from rich parents go down just because they have a problem with me taking it up the ass.” He marched out of the room, hesitating in the doorway to add, “By the way, if it was up to me, I wouldn’t have my relationship in the press. Just because I consent to dating someone famous, doesn’t mean I consent to having my life splashed across the internet for everyone to judge.”
Bucky shrugged, throwing himself down onto the couch by the window, kicking his feet up onto the table and crossing them at the ankles.
“On it. And… we’re down. You two have fifteen minutes,” Tony told them. “After that, I can’t guarantee anything.”
“I was just on my way out,” Rhodey explained, “But there was kind of a pasta overflow when I made dinner, so you’re welcome to the leftovers if you want them.”
“Look, Steve,” Rhodey called, jolting him out of his reverie. Twisting to look over the back of the couch, Steve found Rhodey hesitating in the apartment doorway, keys in hand. “Just… I don’t know. Take a walk or something? This can’t be good for you.”
One of the benefits of working the night shift and living away from the city was the fact that his commute to work was going in the opposite direction to the majority of commuters, which meant that Steve’s bus was all but empty while the ones passing in the opposite direction were cramped, sweaty nightmares.
“Thanks JARVIS,” Bucky murmured. “Alright, Tony, if we got into the shipping company, could you find details on who they’re sending this stuff to? And where they’re getting it from?”
Tony’s eyes were still far too calculating, but Steve found it less grating this morning. Perhaps because he’d actually showered last night and shaved this morning, and he’d eaten two slices of cold pizza for breakfast so there was less for Tony to find lacking. Although why he cared about the judgement of a pissy mer, Steve wasn’t sure.
“He always has one, every time we come here,” he explained to Steve. “He says they taste like the croissants from this bakery in France during the war.”
“But, but someone must’ve known about you,” Steve frowned. “I mean, as far as the world knows, you’re alive but you’re a recluse. They don’t know about the… tail. Obviously. But people think you’re alive.”
“Hey!” Bucky pointed at him. “If it wasn’t for me and Mat making out, this-“ He waggled his finger between Tony and Steve, “-never would’ve happened.”
“And they’re my teammates,” Bucky retorted. “I cannot be worrying about you while I’m trying to save them. Get in the car, go back to the Tower. Take the damn dog with you. I will bring them back. I promise. But if you don’t get in that car, I will call Matty and have him drag you back.”
“What’s going on with you two?” Daniel asked, pouring Steve a glass of wine and joining them at the table, a beer in hand.
“Yeah, that about sums it up. Phil, can you let Tony know I left some files for him to look over in his office, and I need them by the end of the day.”
“I’ll go fix it,” she said with a grin just on the side of too bright, hurrying down the corridor before Hank could say a word.
“SHIELD wanted me to keep her a secret,” Steve explained. “But I don’t want to hide her away. I don’t her to grow up thinking that I’m ashamed of her, because I’m not. She is the best thing in my life and I love so completely. And I wanted you to know from me.”
“Right, let’s see this shoulder. Oh yeah, that’s dislocated. We’ll have to pop that back into place.”
Tony was standing in front of the mirror, a tub of concealer in hand, when Steve let himself into the bathroom.
“You should be careful at parties, Warren,” Alexander continued. “It’s far too easy to do something stupid.”
“Asshole,” Steve huffed, but he sounded more amused than annoyed. “You want me to move in with you?”
They left the apartment, walking down to the street hand in hand and making their way to the Smith-9th Streets station to catch the F train back to the tower. Tony pulled his hood up and leaned into Steve’s side whenever anyone looked at him for too long to avoid being recognised.
Steve writhed further into the sheets, caught between Tony’s clever mouth and his skilled fingers, pulling Steve apart piece by piece. Tony’s arm was thrown across his hips, those muscles holding him in place to prevent Steve from choking him as his back arched.
He moved back from the water; he might be giving Tony his knife back as a show of good faith, but Steve’s faith wasn’t that good. He was staying well out of stabbing range.
“Attention,” Natasha’s voice rang out, drawing everyone’s attention. Steve scooted forward, accepting Clint’s hand to jump to his feet. “The fire department just called. There’s an accident out by Dunlay and the paramedics need a doctor on the scene. The chopper’ll be here in five minutes.”
Picking up Evie Rose’s ice cream, Tony returned to the table, chuckling when her eyes widened and a grin spread across her face, before diving into the ice cream with gusto.
As he drove away, his phone vibrated with a new message, the message appearing on the console screen:
into the search bar then hit enter. He sucked in a breath: 861,435 results. Steve chewed on his thumbnail, pushing his glasses up his nose with his pinkie and began to scroll through the results.
Steve shook his head. “He’s in surgery with Carol, removing a crossbow arrow from a homophobe’s shoulder. It’s not him. Not this time.”
They stumbled into Steve’s bedroom, pausing only long enough for Steve to fish for the door and slam it closed behind them, before falling onto the bed in a tangle of limbs. Tony mouthed at Steve’s neck, rucking Steve’s shirt up until he had to pull back, just long enough to yank Steve’s shirt over his head and toss it aside, leaving Steve’s perfect chest on display.
The door opened at the other end of the warehouse and Ivan reappeared in a fresh tracksuit - did he carry a spare with him at all times just in case of obstinate archers spitting blood all over it? - with more friends. Bigger friends, Tony realised.
“No, they’re not. They’re just five dumbasses who live in the same building as me. And you’ve already met Barnes, which only leaves four dumbasses. Nothing to worry about.”
“That’s not a high bar. That proves nothing,” Steve argued, but he was laughing because teasing Tony like this was one of the highlights of his day. The heat was gone from their barbs now; instead, their arguing was comforting.
Raising his head, Steve squinted at the figure standing in front of him. Even with his eyes refusing to focus and his vision blurring, he made out the perfect white teeth and the artfully-styled hair.
Steve sighed, but he shifted to allow Tony up, before settling back against the cushions. His nose was completely blocked up, and breathing through his mouth left his throat dry, and he generally felt miserable. Curling into the cushions, Steve glanced over at Tony in the kitchen, and soon he found himself watching Tony rather than whatever inane movie they’d decided upon.
“You’re sick!” Steve shouted. “You’re sick and I work at Target. I can’t help you. I don’t know how, but he can.”
“Thank you,” Steve said emphatically. “Thank you so much, Rhodey. I don’t know I’m going to repay you.”
“Uh… Oh, Barton sent me a text the other day to let me know he’d found my phone. Didn’t see any reason why I didn’t get the message. How has he survived this long without dying of stupidity?”
Edwards looked up in surprise and, to his satisfaction, a flicker of guilt danced across her face. “Mr Rogers-”
“Long story,” he sighed. “This is Nick Fury, fifty six. He’s dehydrated, shortness of breath and a mild fever. I think it might be pneumonia but I’m hoping it’s just a chest infection and that’s what’s causing the fever.”
Angie reached into the air, making grabby hands as they approached. Steve linked their fingers together, leaning his weight against her hands momentarily before falling into the booth.
Steve felt like he’d gone on one of Tony’s insane runs with him, or like he’d pulled a double shift and it wasn’t even two AM. He still had most of the shift to go. Which was why he was risking Clint’s wrath and germs by using the coffee pot. He poured himself a cup of black coffee, wincing a little at the taste and wondering not for the first time how on earth his husband could drink this stuff.
“Uh, I think she went to chase down x-ray,” Sharon replied. “They’re backlogged and we’re piling up down here. We have at least three patients waiting.”
“No. Why are you looking at me like that?” Steve frowned. He was used to people slut-shaming him when they found out he slept around, but there was something about it coming from Tony that twisted him up inside.
“Basically, the Maggia are paranoid bastards,” Clint finished. He held up an empty coffee pot. “And if you love us, you’ll get us more coffee.”
“I’m afraid I won’t be working with you all for the next two weeks,” Pierce explained, a smug little smile playing on his lips. “Dr. Stephen Strange has requested I come to Metro General immediately for a permanent position. You don't say no to Stephen Strange. So this is goodbye.”
“It’s my house, you leave,” she retorted. They stared each other down, their mouths twitching, before bursting into laughter. “Get over here,” Peggy ordered.
“What happened with your dad?” Johnny asked, hissing when Dr. Stark cleaned the graze on his arm with antiseptic fluid.
“He flirted with my boyfriend once,” Stark shrugged. “Normally I don’t do jealousy, but we’d only been dating a few weeks and I really liked him. So, his kid?”
“Agreed,” Steve panted. He pulled off his glasses, dropping them onto the table where they were safely out of the way.
“Good,” Tony smiled. “If you need me to take her again, just tell JARVIS. Day or night. I don’t sleep much anyway.”
Nefaria threw his head back as he laughed. “Don’t I? He is the same as every other privileged man in America. He never had to fight for anything. Which is obvious in the way he just threw it all away.”
Bruce stopped. He turned slowly, raising his eyebrows. “You’re telling me,” he said slowly, “That not only can you prove the existence of mermaids, you can introduce me to one?”
Steve watched Tony march towards the door, watched him yank it open and storm out, leaving Steve alone in the apartment with only the echo of the door.
One particularly memorable occasion was during a Pride after party when, while Steve had his tongue down a guy’s throat and his hand down his pants, a familiar voice behind him chirped, “Hi Mr Rogers!” Sadly it wasn’t the first time, nor would it be the last.
“The kids,” Steve replied promptly. “That generation is going to change the world, and if I’m very lucky, I’ll be around to see it. Best thing about being… whatever you describe what you do?”
His eyes swept over Tony automatically and he flushed, trying to to think about the other reason why he felt so good today. He really didn’t want Tony to notice and ask why he was red, because explaining
“I think we might need a new criteria,” Steve grinned against his skin. “Because you say that all the time.”
Receiving affirmatives from everyone, he made his way through the crowd to the bar, waving to catch Josie’s attention.
“I’m not mad at you,” Steve explained. “I love the books. I love that you gave them to me. I love that you gave me part of my mom back. It's just… It dragged some stuff up for me. Stuff I didn’t realise I was holding onto quite so tight.”
Walking five blocks never took so long, in Steve’s opinion. And it wasn’t just the stabbing pain throughout his body, it was the silence between them both which only became more awkward with every painful step.
“You want to watch something?” Tony asked, picking up Steve’s left hand and twisting their fingers together. He stared at their entwined fingers, enchanted by the contrast of Steve’s fair skin against his own. That wasn’t where the differences ended either. Tony’s hands were calloused and rough, patches of dry skin from the amount of time spent scrubbing motor oil and other more questionable substances from them. There were scratches and nicks from working in the shop and the shiny patch of skin where he burned himself in college on an oven shelf.
“I’m going to have the surgery,” Hogan announced. “I know the odds, but I want to try.” He took Pepper’s hand. “Call me selfish, but I want as much time as possible. Some things are worth taking a chance on. I wasted so much time being too scared to do something, I’m tired of being scared.”
Emerging from the basement, Steve spotted Tony sitting perched on the edge of the pool with Bruce sitting beside him. He slowed down, trying to respect Tony’s privacy, but Tony spotted him instantly.
Tony rounded the island again, Hannah in his arms, bouncing her a couple times, before pretending to drop her which elicited an excited squeal from her.
“As we discussed,” Marci began. “I have a copy of the contract and you are all more than welcome to-”
“All those fights. All those bullies. Who hate you just because you have nothing. Who mock you because you don’t have the latest clothes or the latest gadgets. Who live to make you feel inferior. You know what that’s like. I know what that’s like. Do you think Tony Stark knows what that feels like? When he has everything handed to him?”
“One deck up, front of the boat,” Tony relayed to Steve. He considered telling Steve again to stay behind him, but held back. The last thing he wanted was to end up in another fight with Steve.
“Uh, not looking forward to doing what he did today tomorrow,” Tony replied, taking the sprinkles from Steve. “I’m not sure who’s worse: the psychopath in the dock or the lawyer.”
By the time he returned to the table, Steve had almost managed to get his heart rate under control, and prayed to God he wasn’t still blushing - the barista looked at him really oddly - when he sat down again. He needn’t have worried; there were two faint, but obvious, spots of colour on Tony’s cheeks that instantly made Steve break out into a grin.
“Well, we knew it was a long shot,” Marci announced. “Now, we can go to the Family Court and get a temporary Order of Protection, but here’s the problem: we don’t have any actual evidence that the money wasn’t a gift,” she explained, flicking her hair over her shoulder. “I mean, anyone with half a brain call tell that you wouldn’t just be giving him your entire bank account without some kind of reason, but the courts will insist on evidence. And he’s smart enough to always ask in person, which means right now it’s your word against his.”
Gary studied him for just long enough that it started to become uncomfortable. Clint raised his eyebrows.
“You on your way back?” he asked, assuming it would be Tony. After all, it wouldn’t be Angie this early in the day, and Daniel and Peggy had a plethora of child-related activities on a Saturday morning which left no time for phone calls, and Bucky would just get JARVIS to relay a message or come upstairs.
that you have the answer to a problem. Yeah. That,” Tony nodded, pursing his lips and ducking his head.
“Bucky!” he called, spotting him moving through the crowd. Bucky ducked under the tape and rejoined Steve. “I spoke to one of the tenants, she said-”
Steve knew the feeling. He loved Tony and he loved sex with Tony. The fact that he was never planning on having sex with anyone who wasn’t Tony ever again thrilled him and made his own dick twitch.
“Which, apparently, is more than can be said for the rest of you,” Stark added. His gaze fell on Hammer, and his grin turned shark-like. “So no, I really don’t have competition.”
Tony exhaled, blowing out his cheeks. He dragged a hand down his face, the mask falling away and letting the fear and uncertainty bleed through. “You’re right. I’m sorry. There was a patient. Drug addict. Just hit a little too close to home.”
“My nieces and children I may not have met before are in there,” Steve pointed out. “Once they go to bed, then I can be half naked again.”
“There was something about him that made me uncomfortable. An intensity. And when I said no, he turned and walked straight out of the bar.”
“She knows what she wants,” Steve shrugged, taking Angie’s place and accepting Daniel’s hug gratefully, breathing in the familiar smell of his cologne as he kissed his cheek. “How’s it going?”
“Funny,” Nefaria chuckled. “No. Mice. Mice ate their way into the box and destroyed the quilt. So she repaired it again. And when Giuseppe was born, she went into the attic to get the quilt, but the mice had eaten it again. She repaired it once more, but the mice always returned, destroying all her hard work. Until one day, my Nonno brought home a cat. Suddenly, no more mice destroying Nonna’s hard work.”
“Too late,” Steve lied. “My best friend’s a journalist for the New York Times. James Barnes. Look him up. I told him everything. You’re too late. You lost.”
Unable to let him get away with that, Steve lunged forward, hauling Tony in for a messy kiss. They were both laughing, which stopped it from getting too heated, and then thankfully they were pulling up outside the Tower.
They watched her disappear upstairs with a smile, then Steve settled back into Tony’s side. Tony’s finger drifted over his jaw, tilting his head back before leaning in and kissing him slowly. His hand drifted down over Steve’s chest as they kissed, flicking open the buttons of his blazer. Steve’s breath hitched. He shivered, the callouses on Tony’s hands rough against his bare skin.
He liked the ER for one very simple reason: both shifts worked well and efficiently and they rarely caused him any problems. Not like Hammer in urology, who was a malpractice suit waiting to happen, or the pharmacy, which always took longer than necessary to get a patient’s meds ready before discharge, or the board of directors who thought Hank should kneel down and kiss their ass now that he was Head of the hospital.
“Honey, that woman has seen you at your very worst.” He patted Steve’s cheek. “You don’t have any dignity left to lose.”
Instead he sat down on the other end of the couch because he needed the space to remind himself that it wasn’t like that. It would probably never be like that.
It wouldn’t be the first time he’d interrupted vandals during an exploration, but Steve would rather avoid it if possible, especially since he was alone. If there was more than a couple of them, he would be seriously outnumbered, and that would lead to him ending up in hospital and Bucky yelling at him, because like hell Steve was going to let a group of assholes destroy this beautiful - albeit eccentrically decorated - building just because he was outnumbered.
Tony chuckled, running his fingernails over Steve’s spine once more until he arched like a cat. “Some people would say my ego’s big enough without you inflating it.”
Scott squinted as the morning sun hit his eyes when they stepped out of the ER. Ahead of them, Steve and Tony walked hand in hand, bickering loudly as they crossed the parking lot. As Scott watched, Tony bumped his hip against Steve, even as their voices’ rose, the argument continuing but with an undertone of teasing.
“Pick on someone your own size,” a familiar Brooklyn drawl declared, followed by the sound of a punch.
“What?” Arnie smirked. “You don’t think it’s possible? Maybe I’m wrong; after all, you know him better than I do.”
“It’s the only way you’ll listen. You’re so goddamn stubborn, you don’t know what’s good for you,” Joseph muttered. “Now listen: you’re going to get me more. Regular payments. Am I making myself clear?”
He frowned. “You look a little pale. If you need anything, let me know,” he added, clapping her on the shoulder as he passed to follow Natasha.
Once the bedroom door closed behind her, Tony pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s temple. Gathering his courage, he whispered, “I love you.”
going to be one of those showdowns which went into hospital legend. They all watched Steve surreptitiously.
The winter before Afghanistan, Tony had the flu. Pepper was at her parents’ for Christmas, Rhodey was deployed, and Happy was suffering from the flu himself.
“Wha- No,” Steve shook his head. “I didn’t get stabbed,” he lied. “I, I slipped. Tripped. Taking a walk. Cut my leg open. I’m fine,” he insisted, grabbing a bottle of Dr. Pepper from the fridge and limping back towards his room.
“Is that what sex is supposed to feel like?” Steve joked, only it wasn’t really a joke at all. “Because if it is, I think I’ve been doing it wrong until now.”
Fire burned in Tony’s veins. He could feel himself nearing the edge and released one of Steve’s hands, wrapping it around Steve’s dick instead and eliciting a groan that sounded as though it had been punched from Steve.
“It might still be,” Angie grinned, wiggling her eyebrows, before ducking into the car as Tony held open the door. Steve climbed in after her, Tony on his heels, and settled into his boyfriend’s side.
Stane half-dragged, half-carried Steve through the corridors. It took everything Steve had just to try and get his feet under him again, only for Stane to toss him to the ground by the pool. His elbow cracked against the hard tile, leaving his arm tingling and numb.
“Sorry,” Bucky grinned, holding up his hands. He sat down, squeezing Tony’s shoulder and reaching over Tony to high five Steve, clinging on to his hand.
Alexander went sprawling, falling to the floor with his head rolling to the side. Steve glared at his ex-boyfriend’s unconscious face.
“However, I found a staircase leading below the building which seems undamaged,” Thor continued. “It was hidden. I believe it was intended to be used as an escape route.”
“JARVIS, if you were an evil mastermind, where on this boat would you control your battle droids from?”
Steve nodded, drawing a shaky breath, and tugged Tony back down. Tony laved and sucked at his other nipple until Steve was trembling below him, one hand fisted in Tony’s hair, his grip just on the right side of painful.
“No? What about if I use this?” he asked, holding up an EMP. “I believe this is what you’d call a stalemate, Mr Stark.”
But something had changed between them since the night they watched the stars, when Tony went out of his way to try and make Steve feel better even though he denied being friends. The edge was gone from their teasing and they spent a lot of time watching each other or catching the other looking at them. It was…
As he made his way back towards the pool, something struck him: nowhere in the house was there any sign of a second boy having lived there. Other than a few photos he’d seen in the fake library and a painting in the ruined great room, there was no reference at all to Tony Stark, while Arno’s room remained enshrined to his memory.
“Yes, he’s always like this,” Tony told Steve, sitting in the chair at the opposite end of the table from Bucky. Steve hesitated, wondering if they all had their own seats, before praying he wasn’t about to hideously offend someone and taking the seat on Tony’s left. A small, black blur jumped into Tony’s lap, which Steve recognised as the cat they’d chosen for Natasha.
The pool of the Stark Mansion was one of its most famous distinguishing features. Arguably the deepest domestic swimming pool, it began inside, sweeping through the room before snaking its way outside, under a foot bridge, and spreading across the terrace to overlook the gardens and the city below. The internet was filled with old photos of girls in mermaid costumes lounging by the pool during the Starks’ parties.
“I woke up here. I know who the leader of the Maggia is. He’s the CEO of Dream Master. Luchino Nefaria. There was no casino, it was all a trap because he hates you. The Avengers. All of you.”
Steve whined, his hips jerking into Tony’s fist in an attempt to get himself off quicker. Tony chuckled and whispered, “Shh,” in his ear, before leaning forward and sucking Steve’s nipple. Steve cried out, dropping his forehead onto Tony’s shoulder. He shivered, his skin prickling as he inched closer to the edge.
Steve was the first to arrive. Unless this really was a catfish situation, in which case, maybe he wasn’t. Waving to the barista with the pink hair, Steve claimed a seat in the window, exhaling slowly as he sat down, the butterflies in his stomach donning tap shoes. In an attempt to distract himself while he waited, Steve pulled out his phone.
“Sorry,” Sharon shook her head then reached over to take Natasha’s hand. Scott blinked. “I have to take my girlfriend for pancakes,” Sharon continued, grinning at Natasha.
“Right,” Bruce nodded. His face flushed when Frigga’s eyes wandered over him, blatantly checking him out in front of everyone including her son. “Uh, after you ma’am.”
“Hi,” Tony replied, perching on the edge of the couch. “Hi beautiful,” he cooed at Ellie, who was too busy sucking on the edge of the dragon’s wing to notice the new arrival.
“Sorry about that,” Natasha apologised. “As I was saying, I’ll get a nurse in here and we’ll get your arm plastered up and then you can go home.”
“Freedom!” Angie cheered, spreading her arms wide and spinning as they left the building. “Smell that free air, Steve? Ah! That’s the good stuff.”
“They should,” Rhodey said grimly. “If we could see the minutes from the shareholders’ meetings, we could see when Stark was last at one.”
the nineties,” Steve replied, unpacking the takeout. “Peggy had it in her spare room when we were kids, then we took it with us to college.”
“What? No, we agreed we weren’t going to do gifts,” Tony frowned. “We said no gifts, we’d spend the money in Singapore. You know, holiday. Vacation. Leaving in less than six hours.”
Instead, Steve found himself staring into a fishing tackle box. He reached down, picking up the largest hook and lifting it to his eye level. A shiver ran down his spine as he stared at the barbed hook. In his mind, he saw it digging into red and gold flecked blue scales, blood erupting around it.
, before letting himself in without waiting for an answer. Steve glanced around the small, kinda shabby office, gripping the strap of his satchel as the nerves returned with a vengeance.
“I can see that,” Steve replied, and his voice was doing something funny. “And apparently threatening to throw his prosthesis at you?”
Steve emerged from the bedroom and smiled. Tony was slouched on the couch in sweats and an old Army t-shirt watching TV and it was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Because Tony was here, he was safe, and he wasn’t in a war zone getting shot.
“Yeah, uh, Mark somebody,” Bucky replied, putting his Red Bull down on the floor so he could concentrate on his game of Mario Kart. “Mark, uh, Scarlett, or something.”
“Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. I’m putting a pin in the freaking out,” Bruce announced, “Because I don’t think that’s going to stop any time soon. How can I help?”
Clint gaped at the two of them because no. But it almost sounded like- No. No? No. But it almost sounded like… they were having the same conversation? Steve’s face was unreadable, but Clint had played poker with that asshole and knew he had a stone cold poker face which led to Clint losing two hundred bucks to a lousy pair of twos. But Stark’s eyes were dancing with mirth, even as his face remained impassive.
Gathering himself, Steve stood and left the office, ignoring the stares from the office staff and hating the humiliation that burned in his veins. Resisting the urge to slam the classroom door behind him, Steve crossed to his desk, throwing himself into his chair with a muttered, “Fuck.”
Tony hummed appreciatively.  “Oh, yeah, honey. That’s good. So, uh, how do you feel - oh, God, yes - feel about fucking me tonight?”
“Yeah, I’ve been there,” Dr. Stark nodded. “Well. Sort of. My dad didn’t approve of me being gay, and he definitely did not approve of the guy I was dating.”
“You’re the smartest, kindest, best person I know,” he said seriously. “Plus, you’re pretty hot too.”
“Relax. I followed your instructions to the letter. Got up at two thirty am to follow your instructions.”
It was Steve. Steve, missing his jacket and tie, wearing a pair of glasses he definitely wasn’t wearing earlier and carrying a gun. There was an ugly bruise on his temple and a scrape on his cheek, he was disheveled and dirty, and he was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen.
Steve reached out with one hand, grabbing it from the table and tossing it to Tony, snorting with laughter when Tony only just managed to catch the bottle, juggling it back and forth.
Then Ellie squealed, losing interest in the necklace when she spotted the tabby cat strolling along the path. She rolled out of Steve’s lap and hurried after the cat as fast as her little legs could carry her.
But while he was panicking, Sharon snapped into action. She shifted the newspaper sitting on the corner of the desk so it covered the USB drive, then hopped onto the desk, unbuttoning the top two buttons on her shirt. “Don’t freak out,” she ordered.
Through the glass walls, he spotted Tony standing in front of a holo-display with a mug of coffee in one hand while he flicked through the display with his other hand. And on his face was a small frown that matched the one Ellie wore earlier.
Tony’s lips twitched, but his eyes were still worried. He picked up Steve’s hand and pressed a kiss to his knuckles. “It scares me sometimes, how much I love you,” he admitted. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
He gasped for breath. It sounded harsh even to his own ears. Tears pricked at the corner of his eyes and he could feel his stomach roll, the memory of dry retching an empty stomach for hours coming back to him in a reminder that he didn’t need. It felt like there was a weight on his chest, crushing him, making it impossible to breathe, and the walls seemed to inch closer whenever he wasn’t looking.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Stark shook his head. “Take your time. Just breathe. Breathe, honey. I’m here. You’re okay.”
“Then I guess I gotta prove to you that you can,” Steve declared. Climbing to his feet, he crossed to the edge of the pool. Instantly, Tony shot backwards. Steve tried not to take it personally. He knelt by the edge of the water, grimacing as the movement tugged on his knife wound, and held out his hand. “I’m Steve. Steve Rogers.”
“It’s fine,” Steve replied. “Turns out I was pregnant when I went into the ice. Her sire… It’s complicated.”
Then she turned to Tony, giving him a hug too, much to his surprise. Steve bit his lip to curtail the grin which threatened to escape.
“Dan, you know how you’re happily married with three wonderful kids, and that never would’ve happened if I didn’t introduce you to Peggy?”
“If you ever get tired of being an Avenger, you could have a new career in design,” Tony told her when they all crowded around the TV screen in the briefing room to see the photo. “Steve, ready to introduce her to the world?”
He ducked a punch and managed to get a jab in on the asshole’s floating rib, only to take two hits to the face for his trouble, sending him reeling backwards and onto his ass. Snorting the blood from his nose, Steve jumped to his feet, even as his head swam.
“Where do you want this?” Tony asked, lifting the items in his arms once they stepped into the apartment.
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood there, before heading inside. He climbed the stairs to their apartment slowly, pulling his keys from his pocket.
Peggy peered over his shoulder. “Oh, I can’t remember his name. I haven’t actually met him before tonight. He came as a plus one with, uh, Val from the DA’s office, I think. Why?”
“Johnny?” Sharon called softly but the teenager slumped in the corner of the waiting room still jumped. His eyes went wide so Sharon gave him a reassuring smile. “How are you doing? I heard Dr. Stark patched you up.”
“Steve has a terrible poker face,” Peggy explained for Tony’s benefit. “He doesn’t have a tell, he just hates losing. Whenever he gets a bad hand, he can’t hide it, bless him.”
“Thank God,” Steve sighed, collapsing by the side of the pool and ripping off his mask. He downed the rest of his smoothie in one then tipped his head back, breathing heavily. “It’s really fucking hot down there,” he exclaimed.
Steve froze. Then the aluminium pole slipped out of his hand and he scrambled to catch it without dropping the rest of his purchases from Seven Seas Pool Supplies. Rhodey’s eyebrows moved even further up his forehead.
Tony shifted beneath him, planting his feet on the bed, and the movement meant his dick brushed up against Steve’s prostate. Steve groaned, pulling on Tony’s hair as his hands clenched. Tony nuzzled his chin, nudging it upwards so he could look into Steve’s eyes and the look in Tony’s eyes was so powerful, so full of love and adoration, it felt like a punch to the gut. Steve stared back, dry-mouthed.
“I know, it’s just… I was sick a lot when I was kid, and I hated it then, and I hate it now. I had enough being sick for a lifetime when I was a kid, but unfortunately, my body didn’t get the memo,” Steve grumbled. “This isn’t a one off, Tony. This happens every year. Being with me means putting up with all this shit, year in year out, and it-”
Steve spat the coppery blood from his mouth, glowering up at Stane. Loathing for this man filled him from head to toe. Ignoring the pain in his jaw and his wrist and his arm, Steve struggled to his feet.
As far as he could tell, the generator was connected to the main house, but he decided to snap a couple of pictures on his phone and show them to Tony to double check, just to be safe.
“You’re disgusting,” Bucky replied, inspecting his coffee for crumbs before pouring it down the sink.
Steve banged on Angie’s door, knocking again when the only response was a muffled grunt. The bedroom door yanked open and Angie glared up at him from beneath a frankly impressive mop of bedhead.
Steve watched Joseph and his lawyers leave, Tony’s hand in his once more. At the last minute, he called out, “Bye dad.”
In a fit of pique while he was packing, Steve had ended up throwing a bunch of clothes in a box and calling it a day. Now he had to figure out where everything was.
me, Peter,” May glared. “You are grounded until you’re fifty.” Rounding on Johnny, she continued. “And you! How dare you drag Peter on that thing.”
Angie held up her phone and Steve saw a photo of himself sitting on the dock by the lake in swim shorts and a pair of sunglasses, grinning up at whoever was behind the camera, a bottle of beer in hand.
,” Peggy continued. “I just mean that you’re ordinary compared to Tony. And that’s exciting for them. Especially considering he’s a self-professed playboy.”
“Right, sumptions about people,” Evie Rose nodded, “And you should only judge them on what you know about them. Well, all I know about him is that he’s called Tony and he bought me ice cream, so I like him!”
He took a gulp of air, then disappeared underwater. Fear clutched Tony’s heart, unable to tell if Steve was touching the suit without the pressure sensors.
“That’s a coincidence,” Tony remarked. “Pierce getting an urgent call from Stephen Strange, who you worked with for three years, also at Metro General.”
“No, but you’re about to,” she argued. “And I know what you’re going to say and I’m not emotionally prepared for this conversation yet. So I’m just going to go because this is going to take you a long time to deal with and that might be just long enough for me to start feeling ready to talk about it.”
“What am I going to do with you?” Tony laughed, his fingers flying over his phone. “Just you wait. In two months, I am totally getting my revenge.”
“Yeah, pretty much,” Tony nodded with a smile. “I’m too mer to be human, but I’m too human to be mer. I don’t belong with either species.”
“Yeah. I mean, I’ve never really been around one, or held one, or anything but they’re cute as hell and a lot less annoying than adults.”
“Hey, it’s weird for me too, man,” Scott assured him. “But Dodgy Darren? Come on! Why, why would she do that? Huh? This is not okay.”
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve murmured. “I can’t even imagine. You’re okay now, you’re here, you’re safe. You’re with me.”
“Why don’t I go get a bottle of water from the cafeteria and give you some privacy?” Pepper suggested. She kissed Happy’s forehead. “I’ll be back soon.”
With a flick of his wrist, the door swung open. Steve stepped forward and froze. Because with the exception of the thick layer of dust covering every surface, the room looked as though someone had just walked out of the door only moments ago. It was as though it had been frozen in time, with books lined on the shelves, toys in the boxes and even linens on the bed which was shaped like a pirate ship.
Tony caught his lips in a messy kiss and Steve came, his muscles seizing. When the roaring in his ears faded, Steve realised Tony had rolled him onto his back. Tony was above him, pupils blown as he chased his own orgasm. Stretching up, Steve sucked a mark onto his collarbone, letting his fingers dance over Tony’s chest as he worried the skin with his teeth.
Disclaimer: I have never cleaned a pool filter or pump in my life. So if that part is totally wrong, it's creative license.
“Right,” Rhodey nodded. “Have fun with… whatever this is,” he added, following Sharon out of the door.
He heard the elevator doors open then Tony was pushing him back. Steve stumbled back, falling into the corner of the elevator. The handrail was digging into his back but he couldn’t help laughing because Tony was looking so proud of himself. Reaching for his boyfriend, Steve pulled Tony in, kissing him thoroughly while Tony pressed him further into the corner.
Steve’s toes curled, his skin prickling with Tony’s words. He loved this, loved the way Tony talked during sex. It bordered on reverential, which was difficult to deal with in the beginning, and always aimed to make Steve feel good, to feel like he was something special, to be treasured. It meant so much to Steve. Just one of the many, many reasons why being with Tony felt a million miles away from his last relationship.
“I’m just trying to stop myself from punching your father in the moustache,” Tony replied without moving his lips.
Tony cupped the back of his neck and pulled Steve in, kissing him softly. Steve ran his hand up Tony’s chest, skimming the edge of the arc reactor, his fingers curling over his shoulder and holding him close.
Back in his own room, Steve shucked his jeans and shirt before pulling on his white slacks and matching white blazer, foregoing a shirt, before pulling on the wings which completed his angel outfit.
Reaching his stop, Steve shoved his book back into his bag and crossed the hospital parking lot, waving to Luis and Kurt as they set up the food truck for the night.
“Hey. It’s me,” he called, letting himself into the swimming pool. He dumped the cleaning supplies on the floor and pulled off his backpack. “Tony? I know you can hear me.”
The pizza arrived as he was drying his hair. Slinging the towel around his neck, Steve tipped the delivery guy and collapsed onto the couch. Exhaustion began to creep in and he managed to eat half the pizza before his eyelids started to dip. Putting the remainder of the pizza in the fridge for later, Steve stumbled through to his bedroom and fell face first into bed, where he slept soundly for the first time in a year.
Steve pulled into the parking lot and killed the engine of Tony’s Audi, staring at the building and fighting the feeling of foreboding that was rising in his chest. This would’ve been easier - not easy, but easier - if SHIELD had let him do this at the start.
Steve took a shaky breath. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat. At least with Tony’s lie about his health, the lawyer could write off any emotion Steve was showing as fear of losing his friend.
Dazed, Tony shook his head and re-engaged the replusors, aborting his fall towards the ink-dark ocean below and scanning the sky.
“I mean, I’ve been there,” Steve continued. “I tried the much older boyfriend thing and trust me, it does not work. Holy shit, did it not work. Not when one of you is in your twenties.”
“When they signed me up for that dating app, I wasn’t planning on ever using it,” Tony said quietly. “But then I got curious, and then I saw you. And I had to meet you. And now… Steve, I’m in this for the long haul.”
“Could your pal Scarlotti have done this?” Bucky wondered. “You know, before somebody killed and threw him in the river?”
That wasn’t it. Steve was lying, of that Clint was sure. Something happened with Pierce but knowing how stubborn Steve was, unless he wanted to share, he wasn’t going to. The only one who could get something out of him when he didn’t want to talk was Tony, who probably already knew in this case, and maybe Sharon, who was on bedrest until the baby came.
He watched them disappear into the subway station, before walking back to the tower wearing what could only be described as a goofy smile.
He curled up on his bed and opened his laptop, watching clips on YouTube as he ate. Sitting up to toss the empty pot in the trash, Steve licked his fork clean and set it on the table to return to the kitchen later, then picked up his laptop, opening a new tab.
There. There was the man that Steve had fallen in love with all the years ago, when he thought he knew what love was.
Steve watched her exit the jet in surprise. He didn’t know her well - yet - but he was pretty sure she didn’t say things like that to just anyone.
“Much better,” Frigga nodded. “Now, Dr. Romanoff. I expect you to find a position for this young man in whatever department he chooses to specialise in. I see a bright future for him as an attending here at San Antonio General.”
“You’re going to be forgotten, Tony Stark. He’s already surpassed you. You are insignificant in the shadow of his genius. You’re nothing.”
Steve raised an eyebrow, recalling the time Tony told him about his first attempt to fly which resulted in him slamming into a wall.
“The US Attorney claims that Luchino Nefaria blew up Castello Malvagio on April 13th. I ask you: how does this make him different from the Avengers, his alleged victims? Well, there is one way he’s different: no one died on the night of April 13th at Castello Malvagio. The same cannot be said for the Avengers’ actions on multiple occasions. They have put people in danger, injured them, left them traumatised and yes, even killed civilians in the past. And yet, they are not on trial today or any day.
“Yeah,” Bucky smirked, clapping him on the shoulder. “And you’re our problem. And what a problem you can be,” he teased.
It was Arnie. Older, his face weathered and lined, but still Arnie. His scent hit Steve and almost instantly it brought him back to the feelings of safety and love from the night that Ellie was conceived.
Hogan reached into his pocket and held something out; Natasha glanced up and did a double take when she saw a beautiful diamond ring.
