Sherlock made his way into their bedroom where Rosie napped. She would sleep the night away up in her own room but during the day she refused to nap anywhere besides their bed.
“I’m sure it will be fine” John said kissing Sherlock’s cheek, he looked over to see Molly in the kitchen smiling.
Eurus removed the pillow and looked at Sebastian’s face. The petechial hemorrhaging in his eyes was quite apparent. Eurus smiled
Greg thanked Sally again for the ride and the coffee. He drove home in silence. So much injury and death all caused by a jilted lover. Besides Miss. Holmes fiancé there were 10 other dead, mostly venue security and event staff. Victor Trevor had been on a mission. To be so incensed over someone leaving you. Then again Greg knew that Victor had some strange hold over Sherlock, the tabloids had run stories in the past, but with big brother in the government, a lot of stuff was never released.
"It's ok," Sherlock said sitting. "I'm not a predator; I'm not going to force you to do something you are uncomfortable with. Get dressed." Sherlock said buttoning up his shirt. He opened the bedroom door to see Willa leading the other man to the seating area of the plane.
Recovery took almost a year with Greg being on crutches for half of that his knee completely rebuilt including a graph done on one of the ligaments and muscles. Margaret stayed with him, looking back she probably thought he would coach or do endorsements or run clinics for skills and young players. Greg took another path however, always in the back of his mind he wanted to be a police officer to help people like the one that helped him and his mom when he was younger so he looked in to if he could physically do it. He applied, he tried and was accepted, He could run he could jump if needed, but it would get stiff at night, nothing he couldn’t handle.
Jimmy wasn’t here though, now Sebastian was all alone leaning on the wall slowly sliding down as his blood seeped out of him.
Soon after they each had a drink in hand; a Joan Crawford for Sherlock, in keeping with the rum cocktails he’d had with dinner, and a Maker’s Manhattan for John. Sherlock leaned back against the bar and John stood between his legs. He nestled in close so he could be heard over the music.
“Um, the usual stuff. I watched a few of the free clips on one of those porn sites, but I didn’t want to pay for a membership so I didn’t get far. You can get all sorts of clips on Tumblr, though, so I watched a few of those. I liked the magazine better. Better production qualities.” Sherlock turned around and hid his face in John's neck. He was pretty sure that John would not be getting the same quality confession from him if he didn’t have the future of his sexual satisfaction literally in his hands.
Traffic was light, and in no time they were in Boystown and looking for parking on the side streets off Broadway, as close to their hotel as possible. Twenty minutes later, they were still looking.
Sherlock nodded, frantically. John’s hands left the locker doors, and came to rest on the sides of Sherlock’s face, his fingers running from temple to jawbone, his thumbs caressing cheekbones. Sherlock licked his lips. John tilted his head. He shifted back and forth on his feet, as if widening his stance for sudden impact. Sherlock slid a little bit lower, and then John Watson stopped staring at Sherlock’s mouth, and kissed him.
This time, it was Sherlock who scraped his chair backward over the polished wood floor, Sherlock who came to John’s side of the table, and Sherlock who gave John’s mouth a thorough kissing.
John got dressed while Sherlock pretended to reorganize his backpack. He totally did not sneak a peek when John dropped that tiny towel, nor did he have to perform an emergency saliva swallowing technique when John bent down and pulled on a pair of tight, blue striped boxer briefs. Sherlock was eighty-three percent composed when John did up his button-fly jeans, pulled a dark blue polo over his almost dry hair, shrugged into his letter jacket, and announced himself ready to go.
From across the ice a young female adult comes hurtling toward them, trilling and hissing with impatience.
Next to him Mycroft makes a low sound in his throat. Mycroft can just get over himself, Sherlock thinks. They have no one here, no family, no support, and these three pengs have moved heaven and ice to help them.
“This was amazing. I have to tell you something, though, something not good. Don't be mad, all right?”
, beaming at both of them. “And you, Sherlock, you were ready to reduce the bird to nothing but pulp with just your bill?” She tentatively puts more weight on her foot and straightens away from Anahera’s side. Sherlock sees the slight wince she makes before shifting back toward Anahera.
That's not at all what Sherlock and John wanted me to write. Every week I sat down with an idea of what would come next; sometimes they approved, sometimes they didn't.
"Yes, for the most extraordinary person ever, he was rather stupid. So, they moved in together, just as flatmates, the doctor soldier and the most extraordinary person ever, and they solved crimes, and ran up and down the back alleys of London, and generally had loads of good times. Well, like most good things, it couldn't last, because the most extraordinary person ever had an enemy, an arch enemy."
She has a long strand of something red and leafy draped over her neck, and both Sherlock and John stare at her as if she’s grown a Narwhal horn.
He hummed and murmured acknowledgement when she informed him of the Johnson’s new baler, the Stillman’s lawsuit against the dairy co-op, and the Richardson’s decision to start a Christmas tree farm.
Sherlock leans forward and pulls a bit of loose fluff off of John's head. "You'd be surprised, actually. Even this, a bit of your down, may be of use to Cetus. There isn't much here on our hunk of ice, as you call it, but on the continent there is lichen during the warm season, and algae in the tidal pools. On the far side, on the peninsula, there is grass and moss, as well. Those are sometimes carried here on the winds, and are bound to be rich in medicinal properties."
Sherlock runs the tip of his finger around the rim of his wine glass as he observes this interaction. He gleans what he can from John's body language and facial expressions, and the way he's twisting the tea towel in his hands. He's uncomfortable talking about his abandoned manuscript, and Sherlock tries to remember the last time John worked on it. He can't. He senses that the abandonment of the project is somehow his fault, although logic tells him that John is a sentient adult capable of making his own decisions. It's too much to delve into now, so he does what he does best: he deflects.
"You are Erebel, daughter of Sherlock and John of Pobeda, begotten by Erebus of Pobeda and Anahera of Rūnanga."
When he left the bathroom John was still sound asleep. Sherlock pulled the blanket higher over John’s shoulder, then took a shower, got dressed, and went to his office. Over the next few hours he heard the house wake up around him. He heard John run the shower, heard James open and close his closet door, heard Annette arrive and begin to move about. He heard the creak of old wood floors, the murmur of voices, the clinking and clanking of glasses and plates.
“Stop. Just stop. Why are you doing this? I told you not to set me up on a date, so you had her over on Thanksgiving, instead. Now you’re arranging for me to drive into town to drop off a scarf that she forgot here. What do you have planned for tomorrow? A chance meeting at church where someone has mysteriously set up flowers and a wedding brunch?”
When Sherlock raises his head from the dark spaces between John’s thighs, he moves only far enough to run his cheek along the length of John’s shaft, to rub like a cat, marking it, claiming his territory, and John wouldn’t care if Sherlock wanted to wrap it ribbons and tattoo it and put out a welcome mat, because Sherlock fucking owns John’s cock, owns it outright. It’s his to do with what he pleases, when he pleases, as often as he pleases. Sherlock rubs his cheek and brow and chin and nose along John’s shaft, and John thinks welcome home love, have at it, I’ve left the porch light on for you.
. John tapped out quickly before taking up the extra cup and heading off in the direction of school.
“Māmā says I talked so much as a hatchling, she tried to put me back in my shell. I talked all day, I talked all night, even in my sleep.”
John whined a long, high note in response, clamped down, his body going wire-taut. “Please, please, I need it, I need it.”
Sherlock would continue, but the centre emperor, as he has come to think of him, interrupts. “Sherlock, I get the distinct impression that you are about to make a recommendation.” There is a smile in his tone, the first personal undertone of the proceedings thus far.
Sherlock rather liked this new sensation of dangling a sexual carrot in front of John. A phallic carrot? Most root vegetables had a phallic shape, didn’t they? Interesting.
John knows that Sherlock isn’t going to know, or care, if it’s Valentine’s Day or St. Patrick’s Day or the Queen’s birthday, although he did know that September was Honey month, so you never really know with Sherlock. But still. It’s a Hallmark holiday, a mushy-gooey-romantic-fake day, so John decides to give it a miss, and not put Sherlock in the awkward position of receiving a gift without having purchased one.
Sherlock explored the shelves of books while John fiddled with the breaker boxes, threw open windows, and checked that the plumbing was in working order. They eventually found each other again in the kitchen, where John had set a large kettle to boil on the ancient AGA and was scrubbing down an enormous wood table that sat in the middle of the room.
Dear god. What had John said? Mummy was quiet for two heartbeats, and Sherlock knew that she knew. He turned slowly, tea and saucer in hand, and looked over her head to catch John's eye. John was smiling a closed-mouth, knowing smile at him over the rim of his tea cup, and then, right in front of Mummy, he winked at Sherlock.
“Because he’s an idiot, that’s why.” Mummy messily snotted into her tissue. “Darling, let’s have a toast, shall we?”
Once inside their room, Sherlock went into the bathroom to relieve himself of half-a-dozen cocktails, talking the whole while about the sheer tenacity of John’s punch. John kicked off his shoes, pulled the curtains, and turned the bed down.
The room is bright with diffuse, early morning light, and two sunbeams fall diagonally across the bed and the man still sleeping in it. There's a bee outside now, one solitary bee, bumping gently against the leaded glass windows above the bed. The bee knows, he thinks. The bee knows where Sherlock is, and he wants in. The bee probably has a message that only Sherlock will be able to decipher, something about honey saturation levels or feuding nurse bees.
John closed his eyes he knew he was sick, he knew he needed help, he sought help, but still he would sit down to eat and then just stare at the food, even if he put it in his mouth he couldn’t swallow it, and half the time when he did eat it would just come back up later anyways.
The grown woman practically fawned over Sherlock like a teen over a tiger beat cover boy. It was sickening really.
“Thank you for always being here for John and I we wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for you” Sherlock smiled.
“Ok, you got my number, just send me the case number and the culprit. I have a bunch of meetings today and tomorrow so don’t go through them too quickly.” Lestrade said with a smile.
“I am sorry Greg, I would but with everything happening with the fallout from Moran’s attack, from stuff we’ve dug up on Moriarty” Mycroft started
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him again. This time John responded by playfully biting Sherlock’s lip.
“Genius doesn’t fade it just gets more eccentric” Eurus replied. “But I wouldn’t understand the dunce of the family to understand that.”
Inside was a single folded note cards; the front of the note card was a black ink drawing of Great Britain. Sherlock opened the card and dropped it and its contents. How?
“It’s ok,” Riley said sitting. “I can’t imagine what it is like for you, all these years not able to be with him.”
Soon the honeymoon would be over. Back to work. Greg would be delving head first into now being the official Detective Chief Inspector, the acting was removed just before the wedding. Mycroft would be back to dealing with the stresses and dangers of politics. At least they would be going through this together.
John nodded. She was right, Sherlock had always been so distant; he kept people at an arm’s length not letting anyone get too close or be fully with him. John figured he was scared of letting someone in only to lose them, like he had lost his dog Redbeard when he was younger. Sherlock had been teased and made fun of growing up. He didn’t make friends easily with people. Yet he had fallen in love with John.
“Dogs are nothing” Eurus replied “The loss drove Sherlock to believe that he had lost Willa and the dumb dog. Willa was still in a coma so uncle Rudy believed that it would be best to just have everyone think that she was dead. At the time it was thought that she would never wake up anyway. So I was locked away and forgotten. Sherlock doesn’t even know I exist and Mummy, Daddy and Mycroft have all made sure to keep him in the dark. They don’t want to upset their precious Sherlock. Mummy and Daddy think I am dead too. They think Willa and I were killed in the same hospital fire. Reality I was put in prison. Willa woke up just after her 4th Birthday. Uncle Rudy thought reintroducing her to Sherlock would send the memories of me flooding back in and that it would be of great mental detriment. So Willa was told her family died in the fire and she was adopted by Uncle Rudy’s secretary Agnes and was raised as Willa Masterson. The only lingering effect the brain injury she had was that she gets migraines and has some balance issues but she’s done quite well for herself. She’s a first chair cellist for the London Philharmonic. And now she knows that the man who paid for her education. The man who helped her get her audition is none other than her eldest brother Mycroft Holmes. He could have told mummy and daddy or even Sherlock when Rudy told him we were alive. But no. He befriended her. Became her benefactor when Agnes died and took care of her like a brother, but all while hiding her from the rest of her family.”
When this happened before he would turn, first to drugs, but then to music, he wasn’t going to be playing the violin any time soon.
He reached the gap near the back, a nice little design in the catwalk to allow easy entry and exits of the models with no traffic at the entryway.
birthday, when the new governor took over, he was head strong and sure of himself. She bided her time, trying out her manipulation techniques on others inmates and guards. Slowly she worked her way up to the governor, and her brother.
Sherlock and John got in. Sherlock held John’s hand tight, he was shaking. John gave his hand a squeeze.
Sherlock made his way up the steps to his flat. Brody was behind with the luggage. Not that any of the clothes in the bags were Sherlock's. Many designers gifted him clothes at the end of shows, but they were not his regular everyday wear.
“Yes, on my brothers.” The woman said pulling the letter down and taking Sebastian’s right hand in hers “Margaret Eurus Anastasia Holmes” She smiled “But please call me Eurus”
Greg’s eyes slowly opened. Blinked a few times and stared at the ceiling before slowly turning his head towards the voice he heard.
“I should have never let you get away in the first place.” Sherlock whispered “All you went though, I should have let you in, and I shouldn’t have lied about the death, I should have let you know sooner, I am so sorry John”
“Oh Brodie, I’m sorry, it’s just a lot has gone on and the last time I dated someone new from work he turned out to be James Moriarty.” Molly said “I’ve always seem to attract a type, well minus Tom, I seem to be attracted to the wrong men and you are new here and I”
My Time line for events is based on one online with Sherlock taking his Leap in 2011 and Shooting Magnusson Christmas 2014 with 2015 being the year this story is set. The explosions in Siege of Baker Street being January 2015 and this now 4 months later April 2015. Thought I would put this here as someone I was reading this too asked and I figured best to put that here also same person asked about ages so Sherlock 36, Mycroft 43, Greg 52, John 41. Sherlock and Greg I just took from Benedict and Rupert’s birthdays, Mycroft using the 7 year ACD gap and John just from musing seen on the internet. My not fit exactly with show but hey this is my own alternate series right  :)
“I want you to look into a Wilhelmina Masterson. She’s the first chair cello for the London Symphony Orchestra. She seems to have had a breakdown and disappeared to America, but I know the truth. I want you to discover the truth. It’s time you know the truth Sherlock.”
This was different then a prison hospital, there were no rows of beds, and he wasn’t even chained to the bed. He really didn’t need to be. His whole body ached, and the mere act of trying to raise his hand to scratch his nose was like atlas trying to lift the world high. He was weaker than a kitten.
“You left me in this place before Sherlock; I’m not letting you abandon me again. We do this together now.” John said following Sherlock out onto the street.
Greg paced in the small dressing area. His suit was on minus the jacket, he had been going over his vows in his head over and over again. He and Mycroft had decided to write their own vows. Greg had been nervous, he’s written from the heart tossed in a song lyric and just wrote honestly. Mycroft had probably written something elegant and worthy of publication as a poem. Greg sighed and looked at the clock, it was almost time.
“We filmed that earlier.” The Karen before him spoke. But her voice was different, it was the voice over the intercom. She reached up and removed the wig, undid the bindings and wiped off the makeup. “Hello Dr. Watson. I’m Eurus Holmes”
There would now be pictures lining his various shelves in his and Greg’s offices and at home. Mycroft would never forget the look of pure wonderment and joy as Greg fed the giraffe and Mycroft still felt giddy over getting to feed a baby elephant.
“No John, You and Sherlock, take care of her” Mary said she reached across and put her hand under her arm.
“No, more relaxed.” Sherlock said with a smile “Dark cloud over the city is gone. Moriarty is dead, Moran is in jail permanently. That will of course leave way for the regular class of criminals to flourish, but we’ll be back in action soon as will Gavin”
“Mycroft made sure he got convicted, he still has another 10 years on his sentence.” Sherlock said his voice low and shaking.
“I that am lost, oh who will find me? Deep down below the old beech tree. Help succour me now the east winds blow. Sixteen by six, brother, and under we go!” Sher sang.
Anthea blinked at the assault of the light on her eyes. There was something heavy on her, solid, she carefully looked down to see the body of Agent Keinfeld, he was pinned to her by the chair that had also succeeded in crushing the poor guy’s head between it and floor.
“Detective Sargent Lestrade.” She said he stood. “I’m Anthea, assistant to Willa Holmes’s elder brother Mycroft. He would like you to know that despite the severity of their injuries Willa and Sherlock will recover. It may just take time.” She started before going into specifics.
Willa sniffed the air as the smell of gasoline and ash filled the air. There was a crackling sound somewhere downstairs. Fire, the house was on fire, again.
“Yes, but he’s going to be going though one hell of a tough withdrawal phase” John said, Lestrade nodded.
Molly blushed then made a noise somewhere between a squeak and a squee before kissing Brodie firmly on the lips as he slipped the ring on her finger.
“Actually I am better then I initially thought, the pressure of the desk is pinning my leg preventing blood loss, will most likely be losing that lower half, luckily for me there are great advancements in the world of prosthetic limbs.” He acknowledged the desk in front of him. “Small minor puncture wound in my side just above my hip; don’t believe it hit anything major, thank god for a little bit of pudge left on my sides. And I seem to have had quite the knock on my head which is probably why I cannot shut myself up. Now if you could please kneel down here I will get your shoulder back in.” Mycroft continued as he grasped Anthea’s wrist.
Silly brother Mycroft, just leaving her here, only checking up on her when he felt like it, she practically ran this prison now, and long had been plotting against her big brothers. But that could all wait now. They had healing to do. Games aren’t fun if the players are hurt. She’d give them time, let life get back to normal, and then she would make her move.
“If I called him Greg he would probably keel over from shock. I admit at first it was because I couldn’t be bothered to learn his name. Now it’s a game. He gets annoyed but I called him Greg the other day and he practically pouted. I will admit though I am running out of names that begin with a G” Sherlock looked up at John who smiled and gave a laugh.
“They probably aren’t even there anymore” The voice replied “You have a little mole in your operation. A very sultry, naughty mole” The voice said with almost a hint of delight “Shouldn’t have let Miss Adler in on the plan, seems she does have a tiny bit of feelings for Sherlock. Called him, just before the explosion, gave him a warning. They probably got out”
Mycroft looked over and smiled. He was glad to admit that the two weeks away had done him good. The sun and warm weather were wonderful. Greg was perfectly tanned, a golden god that mad his silver hair stand out more prominently, that led to a lot of encounters with women who were just as drawn to Greg’s attractiveness as Mycroft was. Mycroft himself was now covered in freckles and a slight tan (he really coated himself in sunscreen) but didn’t care. Lying by the pool or on the beach in Greg’s arms was now one of his favorite things in the world.
Mycroft was in the next bed, after they left for Musgrave the guards had beaten him up, He was still under observation for the concussion he received. Anthea sat between Mycroft and Greg; she had been roughed up too but not as badly.
Sherlock looked up at the tree in front of him. It was lopsidedly decorated and a little slanted but it was perfect, the kids had loaded up the bottom with most of the decorations they had bought while the adults were left to hang the heavier ones up top causing a slight droop of the branches on the tree’s left. Mycroft was a little off put at the non-symmetrical look of it but Sherlock thought it was perfect.
Sherlock leaned down and gently kissed John where the doctor’s neck met his shoulder. John smiled and turned to face Sherlock, his lips meeting the detective’s cheek.
Soon, soon she would make her move, but not too soon. She had to make sure that they were settled and not expecting anything.
John met Sherlock at the bottom of the stairs he was giving Rosie one last kiss on the forehead before heading outside to wait for John. John went over and gave his daughter a hug and a kiss.
John pushed the door open and headed upstairs, the smell of garlic and tomatoes filled his nose as the sounds of a violin playing.
2011. Sherlock was deeply immersed in a case, and so deep inside his mind palace that even when Greg poked him in the nose, at my suggestion, he did not rouse. I offered to help Greg. I had worked a few things on my own when Sherlock sent me here and there for what he called minor cases, doesn’t leave the flat for anything less than a seven as he has said many times. Greg though this was a minor case but just needed a second look. So off to Croydon I went. To the other Detectives on the case it seemed like a simple murder. Man invites younger man over for drinks, younger man learns of older man’s fortune; younger man kills older man and burns his corpse in the back yard. Case closed. But Greg had a feeling, a deep gut feeling that something wasn’t right. For one, the younger man had some physical ailments that seemed to hinder him from basic movements let alone swinging a golf club to murder any one, no matter of age or health. Greg wanted me to make sure the younger man was not faking his illness. I examined him and found him to be in the mid stages of muscular degeneration, he would be in a wheelchair by years end. The other detectives were still unconvinced and so they took me to the crime scene. It looked like a horror movie with all the blood splattered and sprayed everywhere. Hand prints on the walls smearing it. I asked if they sent the blood to the lab to be tested to see if it indeed was the older man’s blood. They had not as the man’s housekeeper said she heard the screams and saw the younger man sneaking off over the hedge as the body burned in the back yard. Having examined the younger man I knew there was no way this man could sneak let alone over a hedge that was seven feet high. I started to examine the blood when Greg appeared beside me. He asked me is old blood was supposed to be that red and shiny and glistening. It was this fact along with the younger man’s disability that made Greg want to intervene on the case; his gut was telling him something wasn’t right. I touched the blood and its consistency was odd, when I sniffed it, it was sweet smelling not the coppery scent normally associated with blood. Against my better judgement I liked my fingers. I think Anderson went to the ginnel to throw up. But what I had on my tongue was stage blood. Armature created stage blood. There was the sweetness of the golden corn syrup, and the light maple tasted from the maple syrup, and an odd addition of a strawberry flavor that I would later learn came from the strawberry flavored food colouring that was used to tint it. The other detectives were astounded. Greg gave them a calm yet harsh talk about following the evidence and not jumping to conclusions. I felt the need to add about seeing beyond the surface, how they saw but did not observe. I got quiet deadly looks for my effort but it was worth it. Greg and I walked the house looking for anything else we could. I asked if Molly had examined the body yet and was told that there was nothing but ash left. Greg asked how long it had been between the burning body was discovered and the fire arriving. We were told it was a matter of mere minutes as the fire station was just down the street. Greg asked me if this was enough time for a body to completely burn. It was not. This led to when Greg made a discovery that helped break the case. We searched the house for more clues and evidence. The floors in the upstairs hallway seemed hollow. When we walked on them they seemed different. So I stayed upstairs while he went to the lower level, when he knocked it was about three feet away from me. The downstairs hall was a good three feet shorter than the upstairs hallway. Greg went outside and stood studying the house before us. That is when he took out his lighter and started a small branch on fire. The other officers naturally freaked out but Greg shushed them and held the burning branch up to the small vent like opening in the attached shed. A few minutes later a man comes running out to put out the fine. Lo and behold this was our “murdered” man. He was taken back for questioning and it turned out to be an elaborate scheme to both get revenge on the child of a former love interest and pull and insurance scam. Greg’s gut feeling about a case, his sense for real justice, saved a man.” John paused a looked up. Greg smiled he was proud of that case, the younger man was still doing well, in the wheelchair as John predicted, but doing well. Sherlock looked on shocked; he had missed out on an amazing case and on witnessing Anderson throw up at a crime scene.
“I’m going to go see if the stairs are clear. I’ll be back.” He said before standing, it wasn’t as easy this time, there was a pull in his knee and his hip twinged.
“Yeah when I first tried out my Mum wanted me to be one, figured it was safer, but I excelled at being an attacking midfielder” Greg smiled as he started bouncing the ball off his knees and chest, like he was juggling it.
Willa paused at the end of the runway and swayed her hips to the music, before slipping into a very suggestive little dance number before starting her way back to change into her finale look. Sherlock met her halfway on the runway and they went through their carefully choreographed movements before he took to the front of the stage with his own little seductive dance number.
The driver Wesley Price’s legs were crushed, he ended up losing both of them, and later an arm to infection. The gunner Andrew Marksham was left with head injuries that left him blind and deaf in one ear.
“They’ll heal. I know where the well is.” She said leaning on Sherlock, She was shaking. “I’ll be fine. Tuck and roll. Works wonders.”
He started forming his plan but there was still so much he couldn’t do. Sherlock in his two years of “death” had practically dismantled their entire network. He hardly had any contacts to turn to.
He loved this little army of misfits he put together, men from around the world who had either been discharged or denied entry to the military for failing their psychiatric assessments. There were a few militia groups too, and a couple of rogue and wayward former operatives from various clandestine organizations.
"Is it a redhead?" Willa asked. "I haven't a ginger in a while" She smiled as she stood and headed to the back.
“Frankenstein was a doctor created his monster so named Adam because he had a god complex, he wanted forbidden knowledge. He built Adam by piecing together multiple body parts; he was brought to life by a blot of lightening striking the machine he built.” Sherlock rattled off as he paced.
He carefully looked around. How the hell was how the hell was he supposed to get himself out of here let alone get Donovan out of the elevator and out of the building.
“Should you be doing that much activity?” Albert said exiting the house with a tray of drinks he carried over to the small garden set.
“I have tried my mobile but the network is busy nothing is going through neither texts nor calls.” Mycroft said as he tried to sit up more to keep Anthea in view.
“How the hell did two renegade mercenaries end up as part of a private security team on my base!” Hendricks bellowed. “I want the head of that firm on the phone now, and I want all the remaining privet security personnel in my office NOW!”
The government operative moved away from Sebastian and went to the landlady and the baby and started checking them over.
“Deal” Mycroft replied. He hit send on the text to Anthea. Once the confirmation came on Greg turned off Mycroft’s phone and led him to the bedroom.
“If Moriarty and I are to forever be entwined, even in his death, then what are his follower’s ultimate plans” Sherlock mused out loud.
“Of course Sherlock. You and John go what needs to be done to solve your case” Mrs. Hudson said settling in on John’s chair with her knitting.
But his housekeeper had made then feel very welcome. It had been a month since the explosion. Sherlock still had to wear a neck brace but it wasn’t as bulky as the first one, and after yesterday’s physio appointment he was finally allowed to go without the immobilizer on his shoulder. John was doing well. A few nightmares on a couple of occasions but Sherlock was able to calm him.
The two men looked at him then at each other. Their faces were not hard to read, they were angry. But what else could they do? It was them and their small team of men against an entire base.
John started to wake his mind fuzzy with the events that had happened prior to him being this groggy awakening state.
“I, I thought I lost him” Mycroft softly said “I chased him off when all this Magnusson business started, I didn’t want him getting caught up, and then they said the MET had been hit as well.” Mycroft stopped voice caught in his throat. “I can’t lose him”
Oh Sherlock a trip to Karachi, saving Irene. John sighed. He didn’t know what it was between the two, not love, curiosity perhaps.
Mycroft moved his mouth to Greg’s neck, alternating between gently sucking the flesh and flicking his tongue along the muscles as they flexed when Greg nibbled at Mycroft’s ear.
Sebastian found his mind wandering back. Dubai on his first R&R leave of his second tour of Afghanistan, he could have gone anywhere; few of his team had gone to Australia surfing, others to Hong Kong and those with families went home. Sebastian had other plans, plans that both made him excited and nervous. For months he had been chatting online with a very interesting fellow. He shared a lot of Sebastian’s world views and said he had ideas that Sebastian could help him with.
Sherlock used the lights of the helicopter to try a sort out where John had been hit. The glistening spot on his back made Sherlock freeze.
“Ah, nothing, not my station,” Lestrade replied. “Actually I’m going to have a lot more murders and such on my plate soon.”
The door opened and the guard exited as another person entered, a woman all in white, perhaps a nurse? The woman walked up next to the bed. Her dark wavy hair was long and hung to mid chest; she gave him an unsettling smile as she approached.
Sherlock pulled John into his arms as they reached the center of the restaurant; they started swaying to the music as John kissed Sherlock tight. Sherlock did love to dance.
“There is a pink reclining chair with foot rest over by my brother, I want that moved here by John’s bed and I wish to be moved to recline in it as it is the same are reclining in this bed” Sherlock demanded.
“The Black Lotus Tong is back?!” John said sitting down on the couch. “I though Mycroft said it would be a cold day in hell before they could get a foothold in London again.”
“I know I have only known you for a few months, but Molly I can’t imagine spending the rest of my life with anyone but you.” Brodie said
“It’s ok.” Sherlock softly replied, it hurt to move his tongue, but he had to, the movement helped it heal. “How are you”
Sherlock laid on the floor next to the runway, the blood from the bullet wound in his side pooling beside him, his head hurt from hitting the floor and his leg felt like it was at an angle it shouldn't be.
“We can’t go anywhere the street is barricaded” John said peering out again. A large black military vehicle pulled up and a tall blonde exited the passenger’s seat. “Irene I will call you back, he’s here”
Greg sat at the table staring at all the paperwork in front of him. He was slowly getting the hang of this DCI position. It was just a step up from what he had been doing before but was a bit more of a supervisory position with extra responsibilities. He still responded to cases he still could go out and actually investigate but only if all the paperwork but other cases were done.
John bent and retrieved them. As he turned over the picture he froze, that face, those eyes, those crazy eyes.
Carol met Greg them at the door. She got the kids settled then sat with Greg in the kitchen. They talked over a pot of tea. Carol asked if Greg knew why she barely spoke to her daughter yet never hesitated to call Greg or his grandkids. Greg had no clue. Carol revealed that Margaret was having multiple affairs. Carol had been horrified. Margret knew that is was her father’s affairs that had split up her parents and had upset the family.
Elizabeth was turning 16 soon, Andrew would be 12 in August. From the day they were born Margaret never seemed interested in them. It was a hard thing for Greg to witness as he had grown up in such a loving home. His mother and father were always available. He’d lost them young though, his father was killed in the line of duty (he was a police officer) when Greg was 10. He’d lost his mother to cancer when he was 17. She was his best support. She put up with him in his rebellious years and just made sure he kept his marks up.
“Hence the large trucks, one would assume that the vibrations were from them. Many facilities have defenses that would prevent anyone getting close with any other form of explosive. Very few places have security measured that extend below the ground, which reminds me when we get through this I will set up subterranean security measures.” Mycroft closed his eyes.
“Too, too bad we can’t have the whole gang back together. Place where it all started.” Mike spoke his voice was shaky and steady, like he was reading his lines. “But the gang is fracture what with Lestrade off gallivanting with his love and Donovan six feet underground. Sorry to get the cases backwards, I had some setting up to do for these ones, the Banker was easy.”
“Well I’d say Sherlock was he was the fixed wobbling sun and Moriarty is the Earth, after all he did tell us he was Sooo changeable” John said mimicking the criminal mastermind from the incident at the pool.
He hated paperwork when he was a patrol constable; he really hated it when he was in narcotics and vice even still hated it when he was a detective sergeant and detective inspector. Take all that paperwork times that by fifty and you had the paperwork load of a DCI. He didn’t want to bring work home with him, but he had to it was the only way he could get caught up. The higher ups knew it was an adjustment and they knew that it was a lot but it had to be done. They had let the position sit empty for a few months as there was no other suitable replacement till Greg was back. It had resulted in a lot of backlog. Especially with all the stuff that had been damaged and lost in the explosion that now had to be re done or restored and re catalogued and archived or sent to lawyers for trials.
Sherlock stood and moved to his chair crossing his legs under him and almost perching on the seat. He closed his eyes his hands tented underneath his chin.
“So is that why you’re doing all this bullshit” John asked “this is why you sought out Moriarty and Moran, killed so many people. This is insane, you are insane this is overkill.”
“I’m not mad at you for what happened. I’m mad you weren’t upfront with us. No one can blame you or Sherlock or any of your friends for the actions of another person.” Mindy said as she returned to her seat. “But you should have been open with us.”
His first real sexual encounter with a man was on the eve his 21st birthday he was playing football for the Queens Park Rangers in the EFL Championship on his way up to the Premier League. Kevin Hutchins was a teammate; Greg while attracted to Kevin never thought that Kevin would be attracted to him until after the final game of the year which they unfortunately lost, but when they went out together to commiserate they wound up in bed together. It was wonderful, like nothing Greg had experienced. Three months later Kevin decided that he didn’t want anything to do with Greg you couldn’t go pro and be gay is what Kevin’s said. Greg didn’t date much after that not until he met Margaret she was the friend of a teammate’s wife. They actually hit it off quite well and got along famously looking back now it was all an act, probably, Greg was pegged to be signed to a Premier League team, major contracts money, and fame maybe to the status of even a David Beckham or a Cristiano Ronaldo.
“About two hours” Sebastian replied reaching up and running his hand over the long lean torso in front of him. “Are you hungry?”
"Thought you could get away that easily." Victor smiled kneeling down beside Sherlock. "You leave me you lose everything." Victor gave a wicked smiled.
Mycroft’s eyes teared up as he heard the music start. The music that was supposed to be played by Willa was still played by the symphony. They weren’t playing you stereotypical wedding symphony music. No Chopin, Pachelbel, or Bach. As Greg’s nephew Andrew made his way down the aisle, the symphonic sounds of The Who’s Love Ain't for Keeping. Greg loved rock and punk. While his punk and rock love would be more showcased at the reception. Mycroft had suggested using two of Greg favorite slower songs as the music for their walk down the aisle. A third song one they both loved would be used later and their first dance Mycroft smiled, that would be extra special.
Greg was already teaching him how to kick around a football and had enrolled him in a 3-4 year olds footie league.
Sherlock looked down at his phone then down to Rosie in the snuggly she was happily chewing on her hand.
Greg headed down to the lobby, the teams Detective Constable Sally Donovan was sitting by the doors with a coffee.
Shock, understatement, yeah his body was in shock from the trauma is sustained, but also shocked at how he came to have the bleeding wound in his chest.
He’d really messed it up this time, but the truth couldn’t be known, Sherlock could not know about Willa. If he did it would all unravel and he would start asking about Eurus and that was a path Mycroft did not want to go down.
Sherlock was across from Greg, his neck in a rigid brace. They had performed a cervical fusion to repair the broken vertebra in his neck. Normally they would use a halo brace on top of the fusion but with Sherlock also sustaining a broken shoulder blade, broken ribs, and a concussion the halo would do more damage than good. Instead a cervical brace was used.
“But it is his fault!” Donny said reentering “If he and that weirdo Sherlock Holmes weren’t running around playing amateur detective and his gushing blogger one of this would have happened.”
Daddy Holmes and Anthea both stood. As Mycroft’s eyes opened, he had stirred a few times in the last few days but this was the first time he opened his eyes.
He was going to get better, to be there for Sherlock and for Rosie. No more of this stupid overly proud soldier that was too stubborn to ask for help.
Mycroft Holmes stood between the two ICU beds. To his left was his little brother. Intubated and hooked to a heart monitor. The bullet that entered his side went through a rib, though his lung and ricochet off his shoulder blade before coming to rest in his sternum. The doctors had done an excellent job of fixing everything, and the scars would be negligible and perhaps not ruin his career. His fall of the runway had left him with a concussion as well as torn muscles and ligaments in his knee.  The leg would require lots of rest that was easily given as he would not be doing much moving in a while.
The last few nights he slept in the office between video conferences. Greg missed the nights of Mycroft cuddling up in front of him sometimes his back against Greg’s chest, sometimes chest to chest, Greg’s face buried in the crook of Mycroft’s neck the smell of Mycroft’s cologne, the smell of Mycroft’s hair, the taste of his neck and the taste of his lips.
Now she had him. Exactly where she wanted him, she started this with a plan to kill Sherlock or make him her own little pet brother.
Greg at the time was married, but still there was something about Mycroft that Greg found so appealing. Greg did love his wife, but Mycroft was just so tempting, and honestly back then there had even been some distance between Greg and his wife.
Greg sighed and headed back to the study. What more was Mycroft hiding from him? She was too old to be a secret daughter? No he had photos of him and her and her mother in Blackpool.
Moran tossed the sophisticated homemade device towards the rec area. He and Moriarty took off Sholto followed but was met with a bullet in his lower leg.
“Everyone I care about dies. My mother, yes I cared for her. I only wish I could have gotten her away from my father. Riley, Mary. I almost lost you. I did lose you once and I almost took my own leap off of St. Bart’s roof. Greg, Mrs. Hudson and meeting Mary helped that. Then you came back to me, and they tried to take you away again. Twice. It takes its toll on a person.” John said as the tears slowly stopped.
“It’s not that Myc. And lying about working with the taskforce, lying about who Willa really is, these were not the first lie you have told me. You lied about Sherlock’s death, you lied about why you pushed me away with the whole Magnusson thing. And it really makes me wonder how much you keep from me. I know you can’t tell me everything about your job and that’s fine. I didn’t fall in love with your job I fell in love with you.” Greg paused and took a sip of the lemonade.
“Pan roasted breast of Barbary duck, blackcurrant and juniper jam, boulangère potatoes, carrots and broad beans with a duck jus, Scotch fillet of beef with cassis poached beetroot, glazed potato fondant, and carrot and tender stem broccoli mornay, Pan fried sea bass, crab beignets with lobster bisque, spinach and feves, Pillows of spinach and ricotta tortellini with wild mushroom ragu” Greg read off “that is a lot of food. There’s desert included too. Bitter chocolate delice, with salted caramel ice cream, popcorn and chocolate paper, Kaffir lime cream with caramelized puff pastry crust, roasted mango and coriander syrup Earl grey crème brûlée with lavender sable, also includes tea and truffles”
“Sorry, phones were in the kitchen. What’s wrong? Did you find Victor Trevor?” John asked heading back into the bedroom. Sherlock was awake and getting dressed while Rosie still slept in their bed.
John lay in the bed next to Sherlock. He had a fever starting, fever was common in withdrawals, patient warm to touch but could feel like they were freezing.
“Oh yes of course. Perhaps we can stop into see the gentleman who makes the invitations for our government parties. He showed me this leather like design one once that wasn’t right for the event in question at the time but would be perfect for us” Mycroft said laying his head on Greg’s shoulder as Greg wrapped his arm around his waist.
“I clarified with you that you said shoot, so I shot him.” Sherlock replied. “If you wanted something else you should have been clearer.”
The people Mycroft spoke to were calling it a professional break down. Willa had caved under all the pressure she was under from her career and her personal life. It was not unheard of in musicians but rare in someone still as young as Willa.
“I think I broke a rib, but it’s non-displaced, I don’t feel any grinding, just plenty of pain” she said as she carefully touched his forehead around the bruising and the lump. Mycroft hissed in pain.
Her legs, they ached, a burning sensation every time she tried to move them. She wasn’t bleeding too much, the saw was stuck in her chest yes, but long as it was there she was fine, it was keeping her from bleeding too much, most of the blood was from the corpse, not that corpses bled a lot but having one tipped over on an angle and the fluids ran.
“I have very early memories. I remember mummy being sick when carrying the sprog, not wanting to play with me. Sherlock and Mycroft and Daddy always taking Mummy because the sprog was making her sick. Then she was born. And it didn’t stop. All Sherlock wanted to do was play with that stupid dog and look after Willa. Willa was born and Sherlock got a puppy, Mycroft got a new recipe book, and I got a doll. A doll. A boring plain old doll. Mummy said I could learn how to care for a baby with it. Ugg. I didn’t want to look after the drooling thing.”
“My wife is dead and all I can think about is now I can finally tell you the truth.” John whispered.
Sherlock’s discovery of not one but two sisters that had been hidden away from him since a tragic incident in childhood, then the lockdown in the parking lot of Mycroft’s office, the singing and the smell, then darkness, darkness with fitful nightmares. John dreamed of being back on the battlefield, about being in the midst of chaos and his life unraveling, of Riley going down then himself getting shot. He dreamed of watching Sherlock jump off of St. Bart’s then sitting over him when he had been shot. He dreamed of the explosion and Mary dying in front of him while he sat by helpless, Rosie beside them in Mrs. Hudson’s arms. He dreamed it all over once more, then it all went wonky, Sherlock shot on the battlefield, Mary jumping off of the roof, and Riley dying in the bombed out flat.
The man gave him a quizzical look, Sherlock was used to getting those when he read people. Deductions he called them, learning about people and their lives through simple observations, the way they dress, talk, walk. He'd done it from an early age.
For nearly a year the world believed that Jim was Richard Brook and innocent man killed by Sherlock Holmes. Then the papers started changing the story and Jim/Richard was simply referred to as Moriarty, they barely used his given name. Newspapers praised Sherlock, and continued to mourn his death. There had been no outpouring of grief, no public mourning of Jimmy, even as Richard, just a notation he was dead.
“Eurus, she was incandescent even then. Our abilities were professionally assessed more than once. I was remarkable, but Eurus was described as an era-defining genius, beyond Newton.” Mycroft said.
He got cocky, he assumed the baby was alone; he assumed he could just walk in and snap the child in two before going back to the front and killing Sherlock.
Greg and Mycroft remained cordial to each other when their paths crossed. So after Greg found out about Margaret’s latest round of cheating he moved out found a small flat then headed to a small bar nearby to drown his sorrow and listen to some good music to forget. That was the night that Greg Lestrade learned that Mycroft Holmes was a fan of the what was known as the British Blues, Mycroft was a regular there, had been for a number of years. That was also the night that Greg Lestrade fell in love again. He and Mycroft spent quite a few nights at bar listening to the blues and drinking. One of Greg’s favorite facts that he learned about Mycroft was that that he could drink anyone under the table. For his prim and proper exterior Mycroft Holmes was a fan of hard liquor and could hold it well. Nights at the bar became a few choice select passionate evenings at some of the fancier hotels in London. Mycroft never wanted to use his house or Greg’s flat for safety concerns. He said it was to protect Greg safety as much as his own. Great start to see the other side of Mycroft the caring side the loving side the ravenous passionate side of Mycroft Holmes.
Mycroft told Greg that he would get Sherlock sorted then they would sit and talk. Greg got off work that day and went for a pint, the TV screens everywhere showed Moriarty and played that message, Miss Me? He almost lost Mycroft and Mycroft almost lost him. In the back of his mind Greg couldn’t help but think did Mycroft propose because he was ready to or because he thought he was going to lose Greg?
Mycroft stood at the back door of the manor. Greg would come though the side door Mycroft from this one. They would meet at the aisle and walk to the officiant together.
John felt his heart beating in his chest but he wasn’t alarmed. This wasn't worrying and he was elated.
The man who fully betrayed Sherlock, the man who broke him more than anyone else had ever done was back and this was not good for anyone.
“Ever think it may have been your personality” John quipped. “Look how you talk to people. Sherlock started to be like that, sociopath later in life, pushing people away. Being smarter than everyone, his life was miserable just like yours. You put all this blame on Mycroft, Sherlock and Willa, when you are the only one who could have made a difference. If you treated people as equals not lording over them, maybe you would have friends. You may be smarter but you are no better than anyone else”
Janice gave them a wave as she broke off to head back to the barracks, her shift was just over, and it was time for her get some much-needed rest.
He had to be wanting a fix, the nicotine patches, four of them, lined his arm. But still Sherlock seemed unsettled and unfocused. That could only mean that he wanted more, something stronger to settle his nerves and focus him.
John and Greg bit their tongues wanting to voice their displeasure but not wanting to feel the voltage of their collars.
“A few, but you start with the ones in the filing cabinet in my new office and work your way up to the ones in the storage room. Deal?” Lestrade asked
“We were targeted because we stopped a global criminal James Moriarty and we, well Sherlock and Mycroft brought down nearly his entire network. I’m sure you all remember the Holmes suicide from a few years ago. The Moriarty trial for breaking into the crown jewels. Sherlock faked his death. Moriarty did not. He had the world on a string and was ready to sever it but as fate would have it Moriarty took ill. A brain tumor. He though his coup de grâce would be taking down Sherlock. The man who was trying to end his criminal reign. He failed. The network was lost. What we didn’t know is that Moriarty had a heart under all the layers of hate and evil madness. He had a fiancé. A man named Sebastian Moran, a man I was familiar with. He is the one who gave me this” John said pulling down his loose fitting jumper from the neck to reveal the scar on his shoulder, a scar only two people in his life (other than doctors) had seen.
Mycroft took the tray from her and placed it on the table as Rosie crawled over to over to Sherlock. She tugged on his pants. He stopped and looked down at the little one.
“The explosive device, I’ve not seen anything like it.” Anthea said as she studied the wall of debris I watched it come through the floor like it burrowed”
“Better you can see they removed the ventilator. So hopefully he will be waking soon.” Sherlock replied.
Daddy and Papa Lestrade-Holmes were doing an amazing job with Elijah. He spent mornings in the MET daycare and evenings watching Footie or listening to classic rock with his fathers.
Willa dropped the gun and ran over to Irene, using what little bedding there was to try and stem the bleeding.
John seized this moment to try and free himself from Eurus. He started to run but the chain still dangling from his leg tripped him,. Sherlock ran forward to help him only to be sent back by the force of a bullet entering his shoulder. He dropped to one knee and watching in horror as Eurus stood over John.
“They’re from some sort of private security firm that the bases hired for the transport of civilian aid workers between bases,” Riley said motioning to the two strangers. “Apparently it’s cheaper to hire them then have the military guys moving around.”
“Ok Greg, I’m Paul you just take it easy” he calmly said as he began checking Greg over. “Is this Moran the one who shot you?”
Westminster Abbey came into view. Jim and Sebastian had talked about marriage once, joked that they were going to do the whole giant royal wedding thing. They’d joke about who would have the double cathedral length veil and gown. But of course, Jim would be in one of his impeccably tailored suits. Every suit Jim owned was a bespoke suit, carefully tailored for every inch of him.
"I was scared to take this step. I wasn't sure if either of us was ready" he said as he wrapped the towel around John
birthday. Our Uncle Rudy, a brilliant but odd fellow, decided that for Sherlock’s mental stability that Willa could not return to the family. So he told us she was killed in a fire. I did not find out the truth till I was 19 and went to work for Uncle Rudy. Willa was 10 and was in a loving home with Uncle Rudy’s secretary as her mother. She believed that her birth family was killed in an accident. I didn’t even have to hide my name. Sherlock’s she call Sher, I was always Cake. Sherlock taught her that. He was always a brat.”
“Ok Molly said as she watched the firemen were standing at her feet looking down. “What are they doing?”
“Pity I hear she makes good tea” Sebastian said stepping over Sherlock’s feet to stand in front of John he gave him a push.
“Move the trucks, let the emergency personnel waiting over at Strutton Ground and Abbey Orchard Street to come and pick over the wreckage for survivors. “ Sebastian said heading to the car.
“He’s getting stronger.” Daddy Holmes spoke up. “They were confident enough to remove the heart monitor this morning, and they think the ventilator tube will be out in a day or so.”
There were many thoughts like that circling in Mycroft’s mind. Buzzing about like a nagging cloud of gnats. He couldn’t focus. He closed his eyes as the world about his swayed. Perhaps it was the drink, maybe the lack of sleep, or the fact he hadn’t eaten, but when Mycroft went to stand his body gave out and he fell back against the chair and sunk to the floor, the sobs shaking his body and echoing though the empty house.
She could just make them out in her peripheral vision. She remained eyes fixed on the fire sprinkler that remained on the ceiling above. She wondered why it never triggered, all the others did. Then again, small graces. If it had been going, this playing dead would have been a lot harder with water hitting her face.
“They’re just standing; starring, rather unnerving really, they each have an assault rifle, some Colts, some MKEKs. It’s a hodgepodge of weaponry. I don’t think they are regular forces. They look more like a militia or guerilla group. Sir?” Anthea turned with worry when Mycroft didn’t answer.
“Ah the mole detonator,” Mycroft mused with a small smile, “we had been looking to purchase some for our military but unfortunately all the dealers were a little too shady, even for my standards”
“It’s not just that Myc. It’s you keeping me at an arm’s length, hiding stuff from me. You hide so much and frankly it brings back a lot of memories of my marriage to Margaret.” Greg said tears building in his eyes “All the lies. The late night meet ups the trips with the other men.”
“I am a messed up person. I don’t make excuses though. I was kicked out of the house as a teen for exploring my sexuality but I don’t blame my childhood for my actions. I only blame myself. I blame myself for not saving my wife. I blame myself for Sherlock feeling like he had to fake his death. I blame myself for Sherlock nearly going to exiled for protecting me against another mad man. I blame myself for everything that happened with each and every one of you and the losses you suffered” John shook as he sat back in the chair and pulled his legs up knees under his chin.
John was starting to put on weight too. He hadn’t thrown up after a meal in almost a week and he was up to eating more than one or two bites.
This would be their first stop. Molly Hooper, she was the easiest in to Sherlock Jim could find, a Pathologist with a hard on for Sherlock that knew no bounds.
“NO they need to stay here we need to get them ready for what is coming.” Eurus gave an eerie smiled and left.
Mrs. Hudson softly sang to the little bundle in her arm. The landlady was still sitting between Mary and Sherlock; John had placed a sheet over Mary and some towels around her trying to cover the blood. He couldn’t bear to look, not when he had messed up, he could have saved her, why did she pull the shard out? Why did she want to die? He and Sherlock said they would help her.
The landlady turned and headed to the plane. As the boarded, Rosie turned and realized that Sherlock and John had not moved from beside the car. Tears welled and soon she was bawling.
The nightmares when they came were always the same; he couldn’t save Donovan, an almost exact replay of what had happened at the MET. On the bad nights like to night the dream was expanded, that Greg had lost everything. That everyone was dead and he couldn’t do a thing to stop it.
Jim turned and left, he headed to London, broke into the crown jewels. Everything went even better than planned, and on top of that roof of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital he left the world, on his own terms.
“Because of the ties to Eurus I could not.” Mycroft replied. “By then she was being put to work with in the government. We were using her mind to help us. She predicted the exact dates of the last three terrorist attacks on the British mainland after an hour on Twitter.” Mycroft added.
Sherlock sat by John’s bed, the bridle was off and his tongue was still sore these four days later. His shoulder was in a sling, he had been lucky, the bullet only cracked the head of his humerus and so just a sling and no surgery was needed.
The kids nodded and went. Greg sighed as he headed to the bedroom to pack. Dimmock, Donovan, Anderson, and Gregson answered the call and came to help.
“What a waste.” She heard one of the men say. “So smart, Jim actually liked you. You could have been such an asset.”
Anthea had a good yelling match with the prison Governor about double checking the files of every prisoner, and also letting him know a team would be there for an inspection and review.
“Our security monitors said that the second the military and government computers were back up and running and their fleets were mobile that is the first place they headed.” Dalton replied looking at the laptop beside him.
“He’s calmer now, resting, so his heart beat has settled into a more normal rhythm, I want to monitor him still to make sure that is stays normal and is not elevated or abnormal.” John explained. “I am not his doctor so I don’t know what is normal for Greg just what an average normal is.”
“More or less, I did sustain some damage, but I will endeavor to regain my full health” Mycroft replied. Greg furrowed his brow; he was still too groggy for full conversation. He tried to sit up, but stopped at pain washed over him.
“It’s not a concoction it’s a real story look it up!” Sherlock snapped as he stood and looked over the mantle.
“Hello Sweetie, Daddy is here daddy will protect you” John softly said “Papa is here too” He smiled looking up and Sherlock who smiled back.
“Hello Gregory, are you alright” Mycroft said gesturing for Greg to enter “You’re limping did you have a fall?”
Greg did sign a contract with Bournemouth not his favorite team oh well but it would have been a professional career. He and Margaret celebrated and then came his final game with The Rangers after the end of the season he would move up to his dream, but that game ended up being the last ever game of a football career. They were playing the Wolverhampton Wanderers who were not happy to be losing four to zero Greg never even saw the other guy coming the guy aimed straight for Greg’s legs. Greg’s right leg was just slightly in front of his left as he’d planted it getting ready to kick. The guy’s shoulder hit Greg was grateful he never saw the angle his knee took teammates said it was sickening but he certainly heard and felt the Crunch and snap as the muscles tore and bone broke.
He set Elijah down and pointed to the lock at the back of the bridle then held up the phone, camera app already open.
“It’s not something I am at liberty to say. It goes beyond just family.” Mycroft said “It delves now into government secrets.”
Sherlock stood and made his way over to the desk and sat while taking out his magnifying glass. John stood and moved to stand behind Sherlock.
“No, I don’t, I felt the same way when my ex-husband walked out. I like you had my suspicions but didn’t know how to react. So when he left, it was like a huge burden off of me.” Carol said “And you were smart, all your money from when you played tied up in saving’s accounts for when the kids turn 21. She can’t get that, I know she compline to me, that’s how I found out about the affairs.”
A smaller man, slender, short black hair that stood up a little in the front, was sitting at the table.
"To arrest Victor. I, I had a moment of clarity when he was over today. I was sober as I need to be sober for tonight. He pushed and I pushed back. It escalated from there and this happened. I ran but I knew if I didn't get Mycroft involved I would just run back to him later." Sherlock said as they covered his bruises and started to dress him.
Lestrade frowned at the notion of Sherlock being back on drugs, he knew he had had a relapse after John and Mary’s wedding but thought he was over it; then again the prospect of exile could cause a man to do anything.
Greg looked around the exterior of the building. Wakehurst Mansion was gorgeous. He had been here twice in his childhood for wedding of distant family members. He had wanted to get married here when he married Margaret, but she wanted the destination wedding in Ibiza. She got sunburned at the reception and blamed everyone but herself.
A simple picture really just man holding a sign and the local paper, with the days date and cover, only problem was the Man was Jim Moriarty and the sign said just two word.
“Papa Bee” She declared as she smacked Sherlock in the face with the stuffy. It was her way of getting someone to look at it.
Mrs. Hudson pulled Rosie close and rocked her, the little one just kept fussing. Mrs. Hudson tried to quietly hum.
Molly knew who she was; John had described her once, Irene Adler, the only one who ever really beat Sherlock Holmes, and according to Mrs. Hudson the one who saved them.
Sherlock looked up at the knock on the door, there was that detective. He didn’t call him yet.. or did he?
Molly made the three cuts on the torso that made up the Y incision, She carefully pulled back the skin and exposed the bones of the rib cage.
John smiled as he headed upstairs, it was Sherlock playing. It was a melody he had composed the first moment his neck brace had come off and he was able to play again. He called it Tàladh an Ròs, Scottish Gaelic for Lullaby of the Rose. It was a beautiful melody he would play to get Rosie to go down for her nap or to get her to sleep at night. Sherlock said it had undertones of Scottish folk songs hence giving it a Scottish title.
“Bull shit” Greg replied as he started to pace. “You are telling me that there was no emotional input into your plea to get Sherlock out of jail. I know he was being exiled but that was a smidge better than him spending life in a tiny cell with only himself as company.”
Uncle Rudy held a meeting. And Eurus was hulled off to an institution. Mummy and Daddy didn’t visit much, and then they stopped all together. That was right around the time she was moved to Sherrinford. She was 12, and that was the year her freedom was gone, for a long time.
“She was happy Sherlock, She did not remember us, and she had a life with a new mother” Mycroft said as Sherlock exited. John followed.
“This is Rosie, she was named after her mother, who unfortunately died from some complications during birth” Sherlock said
As Brody left he saw the sports car pull up. Sherlock had wasted no time in getting Victor over. He better not mess up this week. Not for himself, not for Marisol and not for Willa.
The footsteps up the stairs were slow. Not for dramatic effect but rather just a person trying to navigate what was left of the staircase.
Their visit to Anthea had been revealing. When she further investigated the prison it was revealed that Victor Trevor along with several other criminals had been accidentally released due to a computer glitch. Five criminals Victor, another drug dealer, a thief, a murderer and a rapist had been set free into the world.
Greg lay in bed next to Mycroft, he held him close his face buried in the crook of Mycroft’s neck. His hand resting on his chest moving with every breath his lover took.
Greg and John smiled. The photographer they hired to document Greg took a few photos of Rosie and Greg. Some of John and Rosie then the three of them together. Mycroft had a photographer of his own. Greg was looking forward to seeing photos Mycroft and Sherlock interacting.
“I am” Molly said over the body at Brodie. He was smiling as he hooked the sample container on the side of his chair.
“I was 21 when Uncle Rudy died, so Willa would have been 19, why not tell us then?” Sherlock said pacing the parking garage. His fist balling up again.
“What like you two are forever going to rotating around each other, intertwined with a changing lean towards each other?” Lestrade said.
He again stared out the window the screens of Piccadilly Circus no longer played the video of Jim. Instead it was news casts. Videos of the explosions and the aftermath, the tickers on the bottom reading off the casualty numbers, in the over 200 dead, 400 injured and around 60 missing, and most of that was from the MET.
“I can’t.” Willa said crying “Please don’t make me.” She sobbed “Shock me I don’t care. Kill me I don’t care.”
“I am so sorry Molly. I need to you leave. Go to your mothers or up to your cousin in Newcastle-under-Lyme. Just get away from him. He was the one who got them the lay out of the hospital, gave them your schedule so they would know you’d be there. He inserted himself into the open spot after to keep an eye on you. He knew how to woo you as he had been given information by Moran who had all of Moriarty’s old Intel on us. Brodie was injured in Afghanistan in the attack where Moran was first captured He was part of Moran’s team but in all the chaos that followed they assumed he was just another attacked base solider. He is the one who helped Victor lure Mike. Mike would have never suspected anything.”
John sighed and sat; as he did he caught his reflection in the tube windows. He really was wasting away. Face thinner than ever, the bones in his hands and arms more visible, he knew under his clothing was a thin body, not a healthy thin, a body of a man who maybe eat one small meal a day.
“Yes, I’m his fiancé and this is our daughter” Sherlock answered as they made their way to the ambulance. John was starting to stir. “It’s ok John. It’s ok”
“Your life will not be so complicated Rosie. I do not blame my parents they did all they could but I rejected them. I will be there for you no matter what and you have an amazing support system.” Sherlock leaned down and kissed her forehead as John and Mrs. Hudson re-entered the flat.
Sherlock pulled John closed and kissed him, a car pulled up. Anthea had already got wind of this new case and had sent a car to bring them.
“Very well.” Eurus replied as the third monitor switched from the dying Irene Adler to a quaint little kitchen. “Do you know where this is?”
“Tiny little cell, near the back, underground, no windows, they call it the pit. Eurus doesn’t like me. I refuse to give into her, Mycroft taught me how to not fall under her control. She doesn’t like that. I’m surprised she didn’t outright kill me. I have a sinking suspicion that she is going to give me to Victor. He hates me too. I’m the one she shot him when we were trying to take him into custody.” Anthea said as she helped John make Greg more comfortable on the bed.
Sherlock picked the mail up from the hall as he went by and upstairs. He could hear Mrs. Hudson’s music blaring as she baked. He hopped she would bring up some of her strawberry swirls when she was done.
Greg sighed as he moved away from Mycroft and sat. He moved his legs over the edge of the bed and sat looking out the window. It was raining again. Nothing new lately, the weather the last few weeks had been horrid rain and storms.
“Not to me” Eurus almost growled “I am smarter I know what people do before they do it, I read them and I know.”
John looked, the list was extensive and had some potentially lethal combinations and dosages. It hit John hard. Sherlock did not expect to return from this mission Mycroft set up. And He must have figured if he was going to die he would go on his own terms.
“Oh I don’t want one like that.” Eurus said removing something from under her bed. “I want one of her wearing this” She said producing a small knitted dress. “I asked for a knitting book and yarn, and I made this in an hour. A gift for dear little Rosie”
Mycroft softly snored causing Greg to smile. He loved that soft little snore. It was practically adorable.
“Just a muscle relaxer makes it so you can’t do much” She said as she tore the end of the envelope and slid out the letter.
“Maybe the cheese” Mycroft said “Late night nibbles after dancing” Greg nodded “what is their wine and spirits list like?”
Major James Sholto sat in the back of the office, his fellow Major Ronald D’Helley beside him. In front of them were the two private security guards that had been involved in the scuffle. They were talking with the Lt. Colonel Henry Wilshire.
“Have call, Mycroft, Holmes” Greg said as the Paul put pressure on the wound in his stomach. “Have to warn. Going to Carlton House Terrace”
“Why. You killed a man to save me with in the first week of meeting me” Sherlock said. “What could you have possible done before that that would scare me away?”
She really shouldn’t be here, she felt like she was prying in on the lives of her friends. Anthea had said it was for their security, they didn’t know if Moran had anyone else out there working with him. It had been nearly a week since the blast and no one had made any moves. Moran’s little army had been dismantled, either killed in confrontation with the military or taken into custody. Anthea said that Moran himself was locked in a high security facility specially designed for criminals like him.
“I would never do that to you Molly” Brodie said as he made his way to collect the samples that had been left for him.
“From what. For years I mourned and blamed myself for her death. I should have been more careful, I should have had a tighter hold on Redbeard. I thought it was my fault she was dead. I never wanted to be close to anyone because I was scared I would inadvertently hurt them too. I tried to drown out these feelings. With work, with drugs I didn’t want to feel this way.” Sherlock said tears starting to form. “You would tease me; bring up Redbeard whenever you could.”
John had to fight the urge to vomit, this poor frail woman already weakened from battling and surviving ovarian cancer, lost her family in an explosion that was meant for John and Sherlock. John didn’t know how to respond. Instead he stood and walked to where Diane had set up some tea, coffee, water and a few treats. John grabbed a bottle of water and fumbled to open it, his had shook, he’d been able to control it since the hospital, but now it just trembled.
It was calm and beautiful. He looked over at Sebastian sleeping in bed. He looked so peaceful when he slept, so calm.
To a casual observer it was ransacked to Mycroft and Anthea it was staged. The robbery was set to hide the fact that she hadn’t been there in over a week.
Great she thought, going to have to go through a few rounds of shots and tests after this. Preliminary tests showed the corpse of one Arturo Ballston didn’t have any communicable diseases but still, the treat of infection and such. The autopsy table, thank god had remained bolted to the floor so was now probably down somewhere around reception and the receiving bay. The floor under here seemed to be holding up, even if there was no floor under her legs.
Love Ain’t for Keeping ended and The Rain Song by Led Zeppelin started. Mycroft counted the bars in the music then started forward. His concentration focused on keeping his strides even. He had learned to walk all over again after losing his leg and now he was so grateful to still be alive. His heart soared as he rounded the corner and saw Greg. Greg’s smile was radiant and he looks so handsome.
“I will admit for quite a while it was a rough patch for us. Well more than a patch more like a rough life. We both suffered a great loss when we were younger and we each dealt with us in our own way. We both became closed off and that put more friction on our relationship. We drifted apart and cut ourselves off from the world. Mycroft channelled his energy towards his government job and I to drugs and causing trouble. But we now know that if it wasn’t for my vices Mycroft and Greg would have never met. Mycroft was my contact when I was at my worst. And he got to meet Greg. I believe Greg was the first to see the goodness in Mycroft, the goodness that even Mycroft couldn’t see in himself. These two deserve each other. They balance each other out. Mycroft is the brains and Greg is the heart. But I see them more becoming like one in the future. Greg has taught Mycroft to relax, to love, and to live more fully. Mycroft has done for Greg what he does for everyone he meets. He makes them a better person by giving them the space, resources and support to live up to their full potential. Mycroft though the years opened my mind to look beyond the surface. For Greg he gave him the support to rise from the inspector on loan to vice he was when he met us to the Detective Chief Inspector he is now. To Mycroft, long may he reign!”
“I love you Sherlock, from the time I laid eyes on you in the lab. I was a fool for not saying it sooner.” John exclaimed tears forming in his eyes.
Molly just nodded. She didn’t know where they would even live; everyone else had been attacked at their place of work, for Sherlock and John that was home. Baker Street was everything to them. Mrs. Hudson had been allowed to move into a hotel but still even if they were able to rebuild 221 Baker Street, would they want to go back?
Her hand touched something cold, a gun, she carefully removed Sherlock’s revolver and held it close as the door opened.
“You bitch” Greg said anger filling his voice. “Where do you get off on doing this to innocent people?”
“The lovely lady from the symphony? The cellist?” Greg asked confused. He knew they were close, Mycroft had worked for years with her mother and they were friends. Willa was 9 years his junior and he had become her guardian when her mother passed.
“Fuck, this is awful,” John says, his voice a bit gravelly from their nap. “The last time I was this hot I was in the desert in full combat gear, not starkers on a bed in London.” He continues to move the glass around his torso, leaving trails of condensation mixed with the sheen of sweat on his skin. He tips up his head to take another drink, then balances the glass on his forehead again and closes his eyes.
Sherlock can feel the new twist at his wrists and clearly recognizes that his balance is going to be difficult to maintain. He appears to be focusing on breathing as evenly as he can.
Sherlock is stretched out on the sofa, reading a medical journal. He tilts his head back to look upside down at John, standing in the doorway. “What are you talking about?”
“Come for me, Sherlock.” John’s voice is low and Sherlock groans as John’s fist surrounds him and starts jerking him off at a fast pace. “Do it, Sherlock, now.”
He goes to have a shower, frustrated that the bathroom door is slightly ill-fitting to its frame, and therefore can’t be slammed in any kind of satisfying manner.
“Sherlock?” he calls, drifting down the hall to their room. “Are you here? I brought in some lunch, but I need to take a shower first…”
John continues the simple, familiar melody, albeit haltingly and a bit off pitch. He’s clearly a beginner, hitting an entirely wrong note now and then, playing eighth notes at the same speed as every other note, running out of bow during some stretches. But he corrects himself when he can and eventually makes it all the way through the song, finishing with a long, clear final D.
John puts one last kiss on his forehead, then moves to the sink and soaks a flannel under the tap. He runs the warm, damp cloth over Sherlock’s midsection, then the floor, before returning to the sink to wash up properly.
entertaining. So I’ve decided there will be no tea until you tell me.” John leaned forward, his hands folded between his knees, and looked at Sherlock expectantly.
“Let’s go,” Sherlock intoned as he moved past Mycroft and into the sitting room, in search of wherever he had last flung his Belstaff. He was also wearing a very nice suit, dark blue, remarkable only because of the waistcoat patterned in snowmen wearing scarves of either red or green, and also jingle bell hats.
She turns back to the table and picks up a pair of thick cuffs. They look almost like padded fingerless gloves, with a wide band encircling the wrist and a narrower one over the palm, designed to give the wearer something to grip. They each have a short length of chain attached to the back of the wrist, with a carabiner clip at the end.
He moves to John’s left side and settles the padded shoulder rest across his collarbone, then lifts John’s left hand to the violin’s neck. “No, like this,” he tuts, turning John’s wrist and moving it under the fingerboard so he’s holding it correctly. He stands back and regards John, who looks like he’s afraid to move.
Irene puts a hand on his knee for a moment, bringing his attention back. “John. Sherlock told me that you’ve recently started trying some of this, is that right?”
It was probably for the best in the short term; he wouldn’t want to sleep next to him either right now. He turned and trudged up one more flight of stairs, stopped in the toilet to drain the remainder of last night’s mistakes and splash water on his face, then fell facedown on the bed, and slept.
“Thank you,” he says quietly. He shakes her hand, then surprises himself by taking it in both of his. He clears his throat and smiles as he lets go.
She turns the box in her hand, staring at it. Then her face breaks into a smile as she picks up her phone and sends a text.
position in the British government spotted in Baker Street wearing a tie covered with little red-nosed reindeer.”
The blue one, as they refer to it, requires repositioning. John moves around the bed, unhooking each cuff from its leg of the bed frame. He lowers Sherlock’s arm to his side and pulls his ankle up until his heel meets his thigh, then cuffs the ankle and wrist together, and does the same on the other side. Sherlock fidgets a bit, rolling his shoulders, letting his knees splay out, then pulling them back parallel to the ceiling, and settles.
. It’s hard and fast and all at once, shoving down until he feels the head bump the back of his throat, his fist wrapping around to cover the rest of Sherlock’s length, sucking hard as he pulls up, then pushing down again, over and over in a rhythm that’s just a little too fast, a little too harsh.
Toward the end of the day, he was by himself in the back, disposing of blood draws in the medical waste containers. He picked up the last vial and considered it. It was from a patient who was diagnosed with an extremely rare blood disorder earlier in the week, and they had held the sample back to retest it before referring the woman to a specialist. John poured the contents into a fresh vial, capped it, and tucked it in his pocket while trying not to think about how many ethical guidelines and/or actual laws he had just broken as he headed home.
“So I’ve gathered,” John says quietly, turning his head to meet Sherlock’s mouth for a proper kiss. “Yes, I’ll come work on it downstairs.” They share another kiss, then a third, before Sherlock gets up and heads for the door.
Sherlock was folded in his chair, staring blankly at a black and white movie on the telly. John, carrying the empty glass, moved into the kitchen, refilled it, drained it again while standing at the sink, then filled it one more time before moving back into the sitting room and settling gingerly onto the couch. He sipped at the water and watched Sherlock, waiting for some reaction, then sighed when he accepted that they would very likely sit here all night and maybe forever if he waited for Sherlock to speak first.
Sherlock falls down from his elbows as his chin stretches toward the ceiling. His hands fist the sheets as he fights not to move, not to engage, not to give in. Eventually, though, almost without realizing he’s doing it, one hand drifts blindly to John’s hair.
Finally, Irene lifts both implements from his skin and waits, just a second, just long enough for one smooth inhale.
The next time it happens is 18 days after the first time. Mycroft insisted that they visit their parents for the weekend - “It
. More flashes of memory settled into place as he took the phone. He had realized he left it behind halfway through his first pint.
“Oh, please,” Sherlock says as he twists the doorknob and pushes the door open, “I always know what you’re getting me anyway…”
“I can’t lie,” Irene continues. “There are still things I wish I could do to him. Bloodplay, for example, is against the rules of this particular house. I couldn’t cut him even if he asked for it. But what I wouldn’t give to see him like he is now, only with a single line of crimson running straight down his spine.”
John clears his throat and leans forward. His voice is low, barely above a whisper. “I need to make sure we’re on the same page right now. This is what you want, right?”
“What on earth have you done to our flat?” Sherlock demands as he moves around John and tugs his scarf loose.
Two weeks after Daniel, John’s back at the club, back on the bourbon, back to politely declining offers, when the sensation he dreads and craves in equal measure settles at the back of his neck.
John smiles to himself at the idea that he could easily do this for hours, but there’s something he needs to take care of, the reason why he could never actually do this for hours, and he’s not feeling particularly patient.
“Sherlock? Is that you?” John thinks he’s speaking at a normal volume, but his voice is only a whisper. “Sherlock?” he tries again, but it’s still a whisper, and the notes are starting to sound strange now, and there’s a staircase in front of him that wasn’t there a second ago, and somewhere in the back of his head he begins to realize he’s dreaming.
John chewed the last of his toast and glanced up from his paper just as Mycroft appeared on the landing. His cashmere overcoat was unbuttoned, revealing a very dapper dark brown suit and… wait… was that…
When his eyes come back into focus, he notices a small box on top of some file folders. A silver box with a big red bow, clearly a gift, and he assumes it’s meant for him since it’s been very deliberately placed dead center on his desk, although there is no note or card. He lifts the lid.
“Not that much,” John admits. “I imagine he didn’t want to scare me off. He did say that I’m not to interrupt you, and if anything makes me uncomfortable, I can wait upstairs.”
Sherlock’s eyes are still squeezed shut, and there are tears running down his face, turned and buried in the pillow. He fights to get through the next second, then the next, without letting go.
He decides on one more test of Sherlock’s seemingly unending well of control. If it was up to him, he’d end this right now, but this is not about him. None of this is about him, and he pushes down the agitation that is gnawing around the edges of this whole situation.
“It pinged as being at the clinic.” Lestrade reached to the seat beside him, then passed John’s phone back to him. “We found it in your lab coat.”
Sherlock looks up at John as the bits of phone come to rest, his eyes wide and questioning. He doesn’t try to move. John is breathing deeply, adrenaline pumping.
“What do you want?” John asks. There’s a strange, restive energy moving out of Sherlock, something John hasn’t sensed from him before, at least not since they started all this, and it concerns him a little. Sherlock’s eyes begin to dart around again, and he takes a couple of deep breaths, but doesn’t speak.
“Sherlock. I sleep in your bed. I go out with you on cases. You’re usually hanging around Bart’s while I’m teaching. It is quite normal, healthy even, for us to spend the occasional hour or two apart, even when we’re both in the house. Now get over here and do whatever science it is you do that makes your garlic bread so vastly superior to mine.”
With a frown Sherlock climbs onto the bed and straddles John across his thighs. He’s not particularly stealthy about it, so John startles awake and pushes up onto his elbows in a reflex. “Fuck…” he mutters, sighing as he realizes what has just happened. He drops his head loosely. “Sherlock, I’m sleeping.”
Irene quickly removes the gloves and washes her hands, then moves to the bench and picks up a ball gag.
“Yeah. He’s playing with the London Symphony Orchestra, one night only, in February. I thought we could go.”
“How do you know how to knit?” Sherlock asks, moving to sit beside him, watching with fascination as John maneuvers yarn under and around and over the bewildering array of needles.
“It’s because I’m incredibly hard for you. Doing this to you, seeing you like this, it gets me so fucking hot.” John suddenly lets go of Sherlock and steps back. He pulls his t-shirt over his head, tosses it aside, then pulls down the zip on his jeans. “Did you hear that? I’m stripping right now. Can you imagine me?”
He tries, he always tries, not to get annoyed with the patients, who are usually reasonable and polite and at most a little anxious about what their aches and pains mean.
“Sherlock, that is… that is actually really lovely.” John smiled at him with genuine warmth, all hints of teasing gone. He leaned over and brushed a kiss against Sherlock’s mouth, then a second, both of which Sherlock accepted and returned, even while pouting.
“This is what I’ve been doing up here, Sherlock. I’ve been making you a jumper.” He pulls it down from Sherlock’s body and hands it to him, going back to the bed. Sherlock feels the stitches and studies the pattern with wonder. “I’m still working on the sleeves,” John says, sitting on the edge of the bed and holding up the tube.
He freezes, as always, and barely hears Daniel ask if everything is okay, barely notices as he pushes back against John, encouraging him.
Sherlock’s hands fly suddenly to John’s head, pulling him in to a chaste, then affectionate, then passionate kiss. John leans into Sherlock’s embrace, lifting his hands, still holding the bow and violin, to press against Sherlock’s back. After a long moment, Sherlock ends the kiss and rests their foreheads together. They breathe in silence for a second.
She lowers the crop slowly, but then at speed and full strength, whips six sharp lashes to the top of his arse, above the plug. His eyes scrunch tightly closed and he groans through them.
John hands him the shirt. Sherlock shrugs into it and takes a moment to tuck it into his waistband, smoothing it out, and then looks up, almost shyly, and his voice is quiet again.
His chest caves and expands, trying to assuage the heat of the violent release of the clamps. His yells become stuttering groans, and then outright sobs. His hips continue to buck through the immediate aftermath of his orgasm. He works to lift up from his hands, to bend his elbows and relieve the pressure on his shoulders, but the strength isn’t there to hold up his body for more than a second.
“Show me that you can let go of the silk,” she demands, and Sherlock complies. Irene catches it as it drifts from his hand, and uses her crop again to lift it back to his grip. Then she fits the items she picked up from the bench - earplugs - one at a time into Sherlock’s ears.
Irene follows him. She lifts each cuff chain to the grid, about two feet apart over his head. She moves to the wheel at the side of the cage and raises the ceiling until Sherlock’s arms are just short of fully extended, still a relatively comfortable position. She picks the riding crop back up and taps it into her palm.
On no particular Wednesday morning, John Watson is asleep on the couch. He’s on his stomach, facing the room, his head pillowed on his jacket, snoring lightly and otherwise motionless.
"Yeah." John's voice is barely a whisper. Sherlock turns, pulling John onto his side as he does so, and backs into John's body. John threads an arm through, covering Sherlock's heart with his hand, and breathes.
about this. Occasionally, I would like to put some bloody ice cream in our bloody freezer and not have to
Sherlock stares into the freezer for a moment, and then, instead of picking something, he reaches over and cups the back of John’s head, bringing his mouth to John’s and kissing him earnestly.
The second week, he started to think again, to do more than go through the motions of existence. He answered the door to well-meaning neighbors with food and accepted their condolences graciously. He hugged Mrs. Hudson and told her she didn’t need to come back for now and promised to let her know if he needed anything. He slept only at night.
“I was thinking,” he says, and no, he still has to clear his throat. He looks up and sees Sherlock’s eyes blink open and eyebrows raise, gently encouraging.
“Apparently a review is indeed necessary. You only have three rules, Sherlock, I’d have thought you could remember them. Three rules, which you can tell me in six words. Say them.”
“The last time we were a bit worse for the whiskey Lestrade brought us back from Ireland,” Sherlock says as he dips his head toward John’s knee and mouths his way up his thigh. “The heat may be sapping our energy, but I have faith in our sober coordination.”
Irene looks at him for another long moment, then moves back to John and offers him her hand. “You’ll be fine. In fact, I think you both will be.”
Sherlock sits back by John's legs and John recognizes the expression, the silence, the same as a moment before, when Sherlock is trying to choose his words carefully, which is not something that comes naturally to him.
John watches as the shudders slowly dissipate, the compulsive twitching calms. He waits until a full minute passes with no signs of agitation, and only steady, even breathing.
John repositions the violin under his chin, adjusts his grip on the bow, arranges the fingertips of his left hand carefully over the strings, and plays the first three notes of Brahms’ Lullaby.
So John falls forward over Sherlock’s back, in an effort to counter, to gain the advantage, to maintain the illusion than he is the one in charge, that he ever could
“I do, too. Find it… difficult.” Sherlock took another deep breath. “So I thought… a visual aid.” They both stared down at the heart, nestled in its dry ice, nowhere near a healthy red. It was brown and inviable, clinical, utterly lifeless.
Also new: the mistletoe that’s hanging from the door frame, low enough to get caught in Sherlock’s hair. He bats it away and they both look up at it and then look at each other and then quickly look at anything but each other, and there is quite a lot of anything but to take in.
He doesn’t move a muscle when John enters. Or when John opens a cupboard, removes a glass, turns on the tap, turns it off, drinks the water, and sets the glass down.
He can feel the tension still thrumming through Sherlock’s muscles as he moves his restraints back to their original positions, one at each corner of the bed, and Sherlock’s eyes are screwed tightly shut when he slips off the mask.
, is the absurd word that comes to John's mind. It's smooth and clear, and could be acrylic, but judging by the weight as it dangles from Irene's hand, it's probably solid glass.
And so John gives over to it, to pounding mercilessly into Sherlock’s throat, chasing his own release, thrilling to the idea of watching his seed spill out of Sherlock’s mouth. He more or less loses track of time as he surrenders, for once, to some self-indulgence, to a few moments of purely hedonistic behavior. He loses
Sherlock stares up at him, instinctively hunching over the instrument as if protecting it. “Have you ever played the violin before?”
Eventually Sherlock lets go and moves back, tucking his hand under his pillow, blinking at John again, exhaustion clearly looming behind his eyes. John lets his own hand linger on Sherlock’s neck, then moves to stroke his cheek. When he knows he can bear to let go, he pulls it back to his chest.
Irene raises the end of the crop to Sherlock’s throat and drags it back and forth across his collarbone, then down to one nipple. She circles it twice, then whips the leather tongue down on it with some force. She moves the crop so quickly that John hears the impact before he even registers that she’s drawn it back.
He moves to John’s left side and settles the padded shoulder rest across his collarbone, then lifts John’s left hand to the violin’s neck. “No, like this,” he tuts, turning John’s wrist and moving it under the fingerboard so he’s holding it correctly. He stands back and regards John, who looks like he’s afraid to move.
When John opens the door to Sherlock's room - the room they use when the lights are off - Sherlock is pacing. He’s removed his shirt but is still wearing jeans, already an infraction, but John ignores it for now.
They each make short work of their own belts and flies, shoving them down just far enough. John tears the condom open with his teeth, rolls it on, grabs Daniel’s hips, yanks him back. He kicks Daniel’s feet apart as far as they will go, slides in one lubed finger, then a second, and works them in and out a couple of times.
“There are things we can do,” Sherlock says, drawing the ice cube over John’s shoulder, across his neck, and down to a nipple, “that involve minimal skin-to-skin contact. Heat generation, perhaps, but no transfer.”
He shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock is equally as able to sense tension in his own body. He takes a deep breath, and makes his second potentially relationship-altering statement of the night.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replies calmly. He reaches for John’s hand and leads him to the staircase at the back of the hall, then down the steps, and through another corridor to a sliding door with the number “3” in an elegant script painted above the handle.
He knew about safewords already, but one word to end everything didn’t feel like enough. He learned that some people used traffic lights; green, yellow, red. A status check that can be asked and answered without interrupting the flow.
Sherlock replies with a startled but gratified moan. He adjusts quickly, pushing his lower jaw forward to close his mouth around the surface and draw back. John lets him move up and back once, then again, then a third time.
Their mouths stay connected as they slowly rise to their knees and close the distance between them. Palms skate over arms and backs, undemanding. The quiet kiss continues, light, almost shy, just lips and breath, taste and touch, the heat of deeper passion held at bay in favor of this moment, this reconnection of their broken circuits. They kiss and kiss, regret and forgiveness passing between them, until equilibrium is restored.
He woke up totally disorientated. He wasn’t in his room, except he was, in his old room, but not the room he slept in now, except he was sleeping in it now. It wasn’t dark when he went to sleep and now it was, but it somehow didn’t feel like the middle of the night, though he didn’t know why. He dragged his arm out from under the pillow and opened his eyes just enough to focus on his watch: a little after 9PM.
Sherlock is barefoot and pacing, slowly, deliberately, his gaze focused on the smooth hardwood floor. He is wearing John’s now-favorite outfit, the black jeans and black t-shirt.
He stares down at Sherlock for a moment, his eyes burning in the dark, his breath exhaling forcefully through his nose. Sherlock has the nerve not to look remotely apologetic, but instead glares back at John, daring, aggressive, almost
Sherlock approaches the only person in the room, a bored-looking girl sitting at what John assumes is meant to be a front desk. She looks about twenty and can barely be bothered to glance up from her phone when they approach.
Daniel grins and grips his hand and leads him through the throng on the dance floor into a dark corridor, then up a wide set of stairs to a functional, poorly lit hallway. Suddenly it’s a mess of mouths and teeth and tongues as they shove each other against the rough concrete wall, hips thrusting together, gasping and groaning.
Sherlock shakes his head as if to clear it. “I mean, I think I would prefer you not upstairs not eventually, but not upstairs now. Starting now.”
John sighs. “I mean, we’ve made some progress, right? I’ve realized I don’t mind bossing you around sometimes.” John feels Sherlock smile into his chest at this. “The rest of it… I just need to learn, don’t I? Get more data. Observe.”
“I’ve been doing this a long time, Doctor Watson. You get very good at figuring out why people put themselves here. I have clients I see regularly, like clockwork, week in and week out. Some of their lives are upside down, some of them are as happy and content as any one of us can be, and either way they kneel on the floor for me once a week. They need this like air or water. With Sherlock…” She sighs and looks over at her handiwork again. “He was never like that to begin with, and he has you now, doesn’t he?”
“I’m really stubborn.” Sherlock’s eyes had started to spark, and his mouth may have perked up at a corner, just for a second.
“Exactly. Which means that for the forseeable future, we are going to have to talk our way through stuff. Out with it.”
“I’m standing in front of you right now, Sherlock, naked and hard as a rock.” Sherlock finally starts breathing again, moaning low in his throat and straightening his head as though John had gripped his hair again. “And I want you to listen.” He runs his tongue up the shell of Sherlock’s ear, swirling the tip into its ridges. “I want you to hear me come for you, right here.” Sherlock groans behind the bar across his mouth and slams his head back against the grid.
Something in Sherlock’s tone was off, though. John stood there, drinking his beer, looking at Sherlock looking at the heart, and he knew this wasn’t about kitchen table experimentation.
Some time later, John drifts awake to the feeling of Sherlock’s nails drawing a slow, smooth line through his t-shirt, up and down his spine. This is one of his favorite sensations, and he arches his back into it, just for a moment, until he wakes up enough to remember what had happened earlier, and the anger floods back into his body almost before he is consciously aware of it.
Sherlock moves back until his feet find the floor and he pushes himself up from the bed. He stands there as John shifts down and punches the pillow before settling his head into it, facing away from the door.
As Sherlock climbs back into his jeans, John wanders over to the door to retrieve his t-shirt, and his curiosity gets the best of him. “So, I have to ask… When she whispered in your ear, and you…” John waves his hand in the general direction of Sherlock’s groin. “What did she say?”
“No we don’t, Mycroft keeps smuggling his over here. I should warn you, life skills translate. You’ll never beat me at Operation.”
Sherlock turns and walks slowly out of the room, pulling the door closed behind him with a soft, unsteady click.
John hands it over, then shrugs out of his coat and heads down the hall to their room. He stops short in the doorway.
“I thought you had to cover extra shifts at the hospital this weekend?” She sniffles a bit, taking the handkerchief he offers and dabbing at her eyes.
Sherlock’s hand rested gently on the back of John’s head. “Thank you,” he said, his voice barely a whisper.
” Sherlock yells when his cock slips free of John’s mouth and bobs heavy to his hip. His next few breaths are punctuated with loud, frustrated guttural noises as John silences the alarm.
John sits, at first perching on the edge, then sitting back, so self-conscious that his body doesn’t feel like it belongs to him right now. Irene sits easily beside him, turning to him and leaning forward, resting her elbows on her knees and letting the riding crop dangle casually from where it is looped over her hand. She smiles warmly.
John’s face cracked into a wide smile. “You bastard.” He lifted Sherlock’s hand from his chest, kissed its palm, and pulled him toward the bedroom.
John towels off, rubs his hair as dry as he can be bothered to, slips into boxers and an old t-shirt and climbs into bed. He tries to read for a while, but can’t focus on the words on the page. (Thankfully, it’s a hardback, so when he gives up he can both slam it closed and slam it onto the bedside table.) He turns the light out and settles on his side, facing the outside of the bed.
As he stands under the hot water, he tries for the millionth time to accept that this is never, ever going to change. This habit of Sherlock’s,
Irene returns to the bench, and John watches her use the crop to lift a piece of red silk to Sherlock’s palm, which he takes, holding it against the leather crossing his palm.
John sighed and looked at him a moment longer, then, without turning away, shouted “Mrs Hudson!” A few moments later they heard her door open, followed by the sounds of a tray being carried up the stairs.
“Can I have my magazine back, please?” Sherlock holds out his hand and adopts his most petulant look.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. He finally looked up. Were his eyes slightly wetter than usual? “I mean, yes, to the tea, but thank you for this.”
“I have to be honest,” Sherlock says, and John is seriously disappointed, “I don’t… really… remember.”
His gaze is still locked on John’s, but he’s almost looking through him now, panting, his fist pumping fast and shameless. He’s clearly unaware of the desperate sounds coming from the back of his throat on every exhale, the tears that have formed in his unseeing eyes.
As she moves in front of Sherlock, John can see quite clearly that it’s a butt plug. Neither too large or too small, but
Sherlock’s mouth drops open. Irene slips the silicone ball into it and moves behind him to fasten the buckle around his head, then stands in front of him again.
Eventually Irene deposits the crop on the bench and picks up a pair of rubber-coated spring clamps connected by a black rubber cord. She pinches one hardened nipple between her thumb and the side of her forefinger and closes the clamp around it, then does the same on the other side. She tugs lightly at the cord, testing the clamps, and hears Sherlock moan in response.
Billy is sporting his Santa hat (literally the only thing Sherlock ever does himself by way of decoration) but also now a pair of novelty reindeer antlers. The bison on the wall is covered in haphazardly strung fairy lights, plain white ones that are blessedly just
Sherlock had an image flash before his eyes, crisp as a high res photo. He saw John lying underneath him, legs spread and wrapped around his waist, pale inner thighs exposed, chest flushed, his face contorted in pleasure, his shoulders sliding against the mattress as Sherlock made love to him.
The seal twists away, roaring in their underwater battlefield. Sherlock hovers, suspended near her open, raging mouth. Her teeth are a line of daggers, soldiers constantly at the ready. One long, black feather swirls over her tongue, dances delicately out of reach, and floats away.
John smiled and shook his head. “I was hardly digging, Sherlock. And why didn't you tell me your mother was coming to visit today?”
“I really am okay. Talking about it doesn't add anything new, it just brings it up from where it's always been. Where it'll always be.”
“I’m sorry, Sir, I didn’t mean to insult them. It’s just hard to imagine a parent messing things up so badly.”
“—yeah, they are. They’re broad for your frame. Maybe they’re not as broad as mine, but mine aren’t in proportion with the rest of my body. Yours are like marble, and then the rest of your body just flows from there. Look at your chest, your waist, your hips. You’re like art, Sherlock. You’re like Michelangelo’s David.”
"Listen, Sherlock," Lestra interrupts, "Did you want something? It's just, you looked like you had something specific in mind when you came over."
Mrs. Hudson was wrapping the cord around the handle of the vacuum cleaner when Sherlock got upstairs. She was humming something, a soft tune that Sherlock remembered from his childhood. She smiled at him and rubbed her lower back. “Thank you, dear. I appreciate it. Just put it back in the closet under the stairs and I’ll finish up the dusting.”
He belted it loosely and admired the lines of it. It left a wide expanse of his chest exposed, framed by the V-shaped opening, hugged him at the waist, and then draped apart again halfway down his thighs. He turned and looked back over his shoulder. The robe fell like water over his hips and ass, each cheek nicely defined. The hem hit him mid-calf.
John tilts his head in the direction of a cacophony of honking and squawking. “We need to save Ariki and Kahu from those chicks.”
Cetus begins barking out orders to each of his apprentices, and they carry them out, without pause, without question.
The barista pecked at his cash register with one finger, the tip of his blush-pink tongue flicking out. “Okay. What’s your name?”
“Is that L’eau Serge Lutens you’re wearing? It smells divine. Doesn’t it just remind you of freshly washed bed linens? I’ve been thinking about getting some myself, and if it smells half as good on me as it does on you, I think it’d be well worth it.” Sherlock held out his hand and curled his fingers, and Paul, mouth hanging open, lifted his own hand from his hip and dangled it over Sherlock’s before placing it in his palm.
He belatedly realizes that not everyone knows Mycroft well enough to know that he glares instead of fretting, but the way Tui half hides at Anahera’s side is a dead giveaway. He leans in close and tells her not to worry, that Mycroft’s eyes are probably stuck like that, and he doesn’t mean anything by it. Tui shoots Mycroft a curious look and relaxes half an iota. Anahera pulls her tighter and rubs her cheek over Tui’s, and Tui relaxes the other half an iota.
“Well, we won’t have one, but it’s a tradition when there’s a bride. Have you actually read the BIG-SAM?”
“You found someone else. You called me and you were so calm about it, like it was no big deal, just this ‘wanted to let you know I won’t be seeing you anymore, but thanks, it was fun’ kind of speech.”
is meant to be dealt with in a productive, rather than punitive manner, with consequences including, but not limited to, mediation sessions for the parties involved, private counselling, skill retraining, and probationary periods."
Over a breakfast of strong tea and burnt toast, the two men discussed their plans for the day, which amounted to not much at all. Itching for some kind of agenda, Sherlock listed off some items that John had mentioned wanting to do, such as hiring a housekeeper, making a to-do list of repairs, going into town to buy enough food to stock the fridge, and showing Sherlock the property.
Sherlock shook his head as John turned them so Sherlock could get into the stream of water. “No, but that’s okay. I'll have little to do but sleep the next few days after you go.”
When, Sherlock ponders, had Erebus ever not been there for Sherlock? There is not one time Sherlock needed Erebus, whether it had been for counsel, friendship, an ear or a shoulder, that Erebus had not given fully of himself.
In the early evening Sherlock casually suggests they grab a bite to eat, and they wander over to Angelo’s. John should have suspected, he really should have, he thinks to himself, because Angelo would never have a table available on Valentine’s Day, not unless Sherlock called ahead, but why would Sherlock have called ahead, unless he
John grins and leans back against Sherlock's chest, tilts his head up and says, “Yeah, I don't think that's exactly how it happened.” He doesn't have to see Sherlock's face to see him mentally squirming under the new focus of his five-year-old granddaughter's inquisition.
“Mr. Watson, I don’t see any reason this wouldn’t work out. I might want to sell some of my acres as well, but I’d like to think about it and talk to John first. Could I take a few days?”
On the far side of the bed was the door to the bathroom and a large walk-in closet. Sherlock peeked in, and got a glimpse of cedar-planked walls, tidy built-in shelves, drawers, shoe and tie racks, and several rods from which hung Kevin’s suits and dress shirts. A small chandelier hung from the center of the ceiling above a velvet ottoman.
“C’mere, you.” John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck and whispered, “Thank you. I think we should go in now before I either kiss you to death or the potatoes are ruined, whichever comes first.”
Sherlock works his way up John's erection, his tongue following the path of that one particularly vivid vein, the superficial dorsal, then nibbles his way back down. It's slow and lazy and fantastic.
After that, not another word was said about it. Mr. Watson asked John if he could spare a couple hours in the morning to go with him to the feed store, and then asked if Sherlock would like to join them.
John tossed his duffel bag onto one of the armchairs near the window and started inspecting everything. He opened and closed drawers, pulled the shower curtain back, ran the faucet in the sink, played with the TV remote control, and poked and prodded at the fairly ubiquitous amenities of the room. When he was done with that, he stood at the window and peered up and down the quiet streetscape three floors below.
The new winter is on them, and despite working tirelessly, they are no closer to receiving an egg than they were before they knew they wanted one. They have found pengs willing to impreggnate same-peng couples, but there has not been a single case of a peng willing to donate an egg, and no eggs viable for adoption. Sherlock and John have avoided having the inevitable conversation for as long as they can, until they cannot put if off any longer. The mating season is on them once again.
They made their way up the stairs, turning off lights behind them. Sherlock trailed after John at a distance, rather like a hotel guest being guided to his room. Once inside, John closed the door behind them.
Watson took Sherlock’s backpack out of his other hand, and let it drop to the floor. He took a step closer, and Sherlock took a step back. He felt a padlock dig into his left kidney.
They’d been talking for hours, it turned out, and as the sun set and left a pall of chill around them, Sherlock realised he’d enjoyed his time with John. He was even somewhat disappointed when John ended the appointment and rushed back to the house to fetch his satchel and jacket and give his goodbyes to Mummy.
Sherlock stroked John's forearm where it lay over his waist, circled his wrist with his thumb and index finger. "Because you're an idiot."
Fine, Sherlock thought. He would demand a thorough ball inspection later. He stole a few kisses in the bathroom until John threatened to bodily place him in the shower, an option Sherlock considered before giving up and climbing in on his own.
Recognizing the problem as one of tensile stress, Sherlock snuck his other hand between them, trailing slowly until his fingertips brushed through the vertical line of hair at John's navel; he made a mental note to go back and investigate this furry spot later, in proper light and less urgent circumstances. John's abdomen clenched at the touch, and if Sherlock had any compunction about continuing his efforts to free John's cock, they were swept away when John grunted, “Oh god, yes ... fuck, yeah.”
“Well, it’s not a bad thing to set up a couple dates with candidates based on their picture, no red flags notwithstanding,” John said. “No matter how someone appears on paper, you won’t know if there’s a connection until you meet in person.”
Sherlock grinned in the dark. “Yes. It's tomorrow night. I may have lost track of it in my attempts to keep your ass out of jail.”
John put the cookies on the dresser and moved back into Sherlock’s space, wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing his cheek to Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled into Sherlock’s coat. “Jesus, you’re really cold, Sherlock. Where have you been?”
One Q for you: do you find this work to be one of angst or sadness? Many of your comments say that it's made you cry, or that you love all the feels. Are they good cries and feels? I don't particularly feel like this has a lot of sadness, but it is definitely brimming with feels.
Andersonville was still buzzing when they paid the fare and hopped out of the cab onto Clark. With so many shops selling everything from Turkish bongs, to refinished mid-century furniture, to vintage clothing, to Middle Eastern specialty foods, most residents could spend the entire weekend never venturing further than a few blocks of their townhouse or apartment. John and Sherlock strolled north with the foot traffic, and around them people of all ages popped in and out of stores, window shopped, and chatted with friends.
Sherlock thinks he could stay like this forever, with John's hands in his hair and his mouth on his skin. He feels languid and easy, knowing he can let the hard edges of being Sherlock Holmes fall away when he's with John. He could stay here forever, but then John's hand starts teasing its way down his body, dancing off ribs and belly and hip. His fingers skim inner thighs and groin, tracing the pull of tendons as Sherlock spreads his legs wide, stretching one up and over John's thighs, the other angled away, bent at the knee.
“At anything.” John said, planting one palm on the locker door next to Sherlock’s head. He pulled the towel off his shoulders and wiped the back of his neck with it. “Anything. I want to get to know you. I want to, you know, um — shit. I’m so bad at this.”
Then John flicked his tongue and made contact, and Sherlock’s belly quivered and went tight, concave.
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson,” John answered through a mouthful of gravy soaked bread. “I seem to be unusually hungry lately.”
“So you're kneeling on the seat, naked, ass in the air, cock hard, bobbing between your legs, and I lean down and spread you open –”
John rolled onto his back and stretched. Sherlock was tempted to nuzzle John's armpit, but knew that a nose full of John, any part of John, would decrease their chances of getting out of bed any time soon.
He knew that in this position he was angled up, toward John's spine, so he began to fold himself low and long over John's back. When he had both hands on either side of John's elbows, John began to thrust back. Sherlock pressed himself tight to John and wrapped one arm under his chest. He toyed with John's nipples and kissed the back of his neck.
“And imagine what would happen if someone was able to find it, and bring it back, and prove that it was all true!”
They lie on the ice, sleepy and spent, until Sherlock recalls that pengs do not sleep lying down. He pokes his wing into John's side, and says, “
John is busy watching the group tag onto the end of the queue, and misses the smile and wink that Erebus shares with Sherlock.
“‘I said she should at least see the master bedroom before she left, because that's the biggest change. That handyman I found did a wonderful job with the paint. The creamy beige is much warmer and more inviting than that old orangey color. He also hung up the new curtain rods, and tore out that old shag carpet. The wood floors underneath are perfect,’ blah blah blah.
“I bet there’s something in the BIG-SAM about this. ‘Newly married couples shall not engage in make-up sexual relations before consummating their marriage. All make-up sexual relations shall occur within twenty-four hours of the argument that preceded the need for the make-up sexual relations. Should the couple argue about the time and place of the make-up sexual relations, an additional round of make-up sexual relations will be required.’”
John got up and walked to the button panel near the door frame, pressed it, and went back to sit on the couch across from Sherlock who was close to falling asleep again.
, and he nodded, quite sure he had read John's tone the right way, quite sure that John wasn't being disparaging. “Just until we turn the lights out. And then you can tell me what’s on the menu of sex again, and I'll place my order.”
“All the museums in this area are closed now, so unless we want to head to the Civic Opera House, we should probably grab a cab and head somewhere else.”
They laid on their sides, Sherlock behind John, and fit themselves together. Sherlock kissed the back of John’s neck as he readied him, licked over his shoulder blade as he teased slick fingers between John’s cheeks, as he prodded and swirled and dipped. He came up on one elbow to lean down and lick into John’s mouth and pinch at John’s nipples. He lined the wet tip of himself up, collapsed down again, huffed out a hot breath, and slid inside.
John laughed, just little huffs of breath against Sherlock’s face, and then he was back, really really really kissing Sherlock, and his tongue was licking along Sherlock’s lower lip, which meant John’s mouth must be open, which meant
Someone came to clear the table and Mycroft didn’t respond until they were done. “I’m very glad you did come. May I ask—does this change anything for you?”
Sherlock took the box and set it down on the back seat, and John put the bag on top of it. He gave Sherlock a big grin, and for a moment Sherlock thought they were just going to sit in the parking lot, but then John shook his head, put the car into gear, and said, “Sorry. I’m just really, you know, glad we’re doing this.”
The island which served as inspiration for the island in this story, is essentially a large, boring, uninspired block of ice. It has
Sherlock felt John go even harder against his tongue. He pulled off and wrapped his fist around John's wet shaft, pumping short, hard strokes over the frenulum and head, and John pushed his foot against the side window, leveraging his lower half off the floor, gut clenched, chasing his climax.
“I’ll take that as a yes. What I don’t know,” Sherlock continued, “is if you’re helping Daniel out of the goodness of your heart or if you have a connection to one of James’ cadets. I suppose we’ll find out soon enough, won’t we?”
Sherlock skids at a right angle, spinning to a stop between the bird and the chicks, and rights himself. His body immediately assumes an instinctual posture – wings out, shoulders down, neck stretched toward the aggressor. He digs his claws into the ice, puffs his chest out, and glares, daring the skua to stand again.
She looks amused, though, so Sherlock smiles and whispers under his breath, “Weren’t you the one who told me, when we first met, that you sometimes use your unique appearance to your advantage?”
Sherlock swallowed his dopey smile with another gulp of coffee and made an affirmative noise. “Yup. Kevin’s client wants him to work with the old guy to freshen up the work he did a few years ago, and the old guy doesn’t like any of Kevin’s more modern ideas.”
A juvenile from Sherlock's winter, but not his colony, approaches him one morning as the sun struggles to rise. It will not succeed in climbing much higher for many lunar cycles to come. Sherlock hears the other penguin’s purposeful
Sherlock plunges forward then, licking up the centre with the flat of his tongue, flicking and sucking around the furling skin until John is whimpering a string of
John bends to peek under her wrapping anyway, poking and prodding while he grouses. “Oh, for heaven’s sake. It wasn’t a flock of anything! It was one bird, that’s all. We protect the colony’s chicks from birds of prey
Sherlock popped an enormous xia jiao in his mouth and chewed while he stared at John. He was still chewing when he started speaking.
The day flew by, and at five o’clock they loaded two boxes of covered bowls and platters into the back of the station wagon, then waited for Mrs. Hudson to come out of the house. She had her enormous purse and furry-hooded parka hanging over one arm, and was putting the cap back on a tube of lipstick while trying not to drop her gloves.
Sherlock groaned and met the movement, best as he could, by pulling his thighs back, and raising his hips.
“Oh?” John put the bag back on the counter and undid the leather strap that held the two sides closed. He rummaged around in more tissue paper until Sherlock eventually leaned over, too.
“Mmm.” John had his fly undone now and was gently stroking the back of his curled fingers over Sherlock’s cock, still trapped under clothing, still pointing down. It was maddening.
They rode in silence for the time it took to get to the landmark site, Sherlock with his hand resting on John’s thigh, John glancing over with a smile every minute or so. They parked in the gravel lot and followed the signs to the ticket office, holding hands until John had to let go to retrieve his wallet and pull out a credit card. Tickets purchased, they walked to the meeting point and waited with a small group of tourists for the tour to start.
"Of course," she continues, losing herself a bit now in her reflections, "the process must be repeated several times to ensure that the, um, male gift has actually, well, made it inside the female, but if both birds are cooperating and take their time, it really shouldn't hurt in the slightest."
Over the next hour, they wandered in and out of The Book Cellar, Sockified, The Brain Store, Gene’s Sausage Shop, The Chopping Block, Uncle Dan’s Outfitters, and various gift shops.
He tried to slip out of bed and sneak downstairs to start the fire and get dinner warmed up, but it was nearly impossible to do without knocking John out of bed, or at the very least, waking him up. So John woke up, too, and they climbed out of bed, and wandered downstairs, naked, and John got the fire going while Sherlock heated up dinner, set everything out on a tray, and carried it into the family room.
Sherlock leaned into John’s side and shored himself up with his warmth and solidity. “Of course it’s okay. I wouldn’t have come without him. I almost didn’t come at all.”
“Girl and the Goat, North Pond, and Maude’s Liquor Barn. One of those might be nice for your birthday.” John glanced up at Sherlock as he read, hoping what he’d picked would be okay. Sherlock smiled back at him. “I’m not sure about Girl and the Goat, though,” John continued. “It’s supposed to be one of Chicago’s most popular restaurants, but it has stuff on the menu I’ve never heard of, or would never eat.”
Sherlock shakes his head and growls. “I shouldn’t be surprised. Anyway, enough of her. How is Tui? How did she pass the night? Is she well?”
"The doctor soldier was a pretty average bloke, but was seeking a bit of an adventure, so he went away to Afghanistan to help other soldiers who needed medical attention."
It's not even about the mating, because as much as Sherlock loves that connection with John, he would choose John even if they never mated again.
John watched Sherlock stretch out beside him, all long limbs and floppy hair. John watched, and then he stared, because he could now. He could stare as long as he wanted at those gorgeous, lithe legs and those strong shoulders and curved forearms. He could ogle those straining buttons and that ridiculous length of neck with its tendons stretching and pulling and—”
Sherlock watched John, who was watching Sherlock, and Sarah wiped her mouth on her napkin and looked back and forth between them.
“Mm. And you might want that, too, you might want me to couple with you, and you might want to couple with me, and I'll want you to, too. I'll want that.”
They’d do it this weekend, they'd said. They didn't want to leave each other again without that between them, a connection and commitment to keep them tethered over the miles. It didn't matter that Christmas break was only a month away. It couldn't wait anymore. They needed it, now. Sherlock needed it. This weekend, when Mrs. Hudson was away, and they had the house to themselves, they’d make love. Maybe tomorrow night, Sherlock thought, making plans. And he'd say it, he'd finally say it, with John in his arms.
, pushing down the jealousy he feels towards those lucky birds, and tries to mimic him as he approaches the other peng.
(everyone say it with me now...) husband, spouse, partner, lover, beau, boyfriend, girlfriend, sweetheart
They continue to wait throughout the morning, and then take turns hunting for lunch. Sherlock and John are just finishing a shared meal of silverfish and krill, when Erebus, who ate first, and has finished his post-meal preening, stands up straight, stares out into the swells, and says, “There. The first group is arriving.”
There is the sound of the sea, of course, always that; rising above that gentle sway, though, there comes the sound of baited breath, of anticipation, and watchfulness, and awe. Yes, the eggs are coming, one by one, to their parents, who have been waiting, some of them many winters, for this opportunity to bring another life to this small patch of ice in this most southerly sea, abutting this lowermost continent. New life.
“Mrs. Hudson left for her niece's place a couple of hours ago. You’re going to return the scarf, stop at the Quik-Mart to buy condoms and lube, and in fifty-five minutes, give or take, you’re going to park in my driveway, come into my house, and make love to me.”
John leaned against the brick wall and scrolled through Snapchat, waiting for Sherlock to arrive. He’d seen Molly home and then dropped by his flat to wait until their appointed meet up time, but he’d been too keyed up to actually study. The Percolate text thread was buzzing with speculation, and while John stayed quiet for Molly’s sake, he couldn’t help but read them all and mentally respond to each in his head. Most, to his relief, were on Molly’s side and outraged on her behalf.
He turned over and lifted himself up onto his elbows, splintered his eyes open, and peered into the darkness around him. A vague shape took flight in the corner of his eye, and he twisted, throwing his forearm up in front of his face. He felt a soft whump, heard a smooth hhhssshhh, and then the voice, again.
Sherlock was already pulling up a mental map of the town as he grabbed John’s arm, spun on his heel, and said, “Let’s go.”
If all goes well, he will be on his way in two days. He hopes John will forgive him for this unexpected detour from a trip they thought would end here, on the Shelf. He hopes John will understand that if Sherlock cannot bring this full circle, the journey here will have been for nothing. He hopes John will wait.
The sun is setting, and there's a bit of a chill in the air. John rubs his eyes, rakes his fingers through his hair. He closes the file and taps it on his lap to settle the contents, then drops it in the grass next to his feet.
Sherlock watches them move toward each other, holding out a wing on either side to pull Sherlock into the huddle. He looks over at the progress they've made on the nearby icy knoll, and has what he knows is a truly inspired idea.
“No worries. Let John take care of you, and we’ll catch up with you guys in the next couple of days, okay?” Kevin squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder and nodded at John.
They walk in silence for a while, then Nikau says, “What are you carrying?” and nods at Sherlock's neck.
Paul shimmied a bit and nodded. Sherlock withdrew his hand, as Paul didn’t seem able to withdraw his.
"Mrs Hudson, what do you have there?" Sherlock interrupted, letting his hand drift back down to John's rumbling belly.
"You've been sick three times already, haven't rehydrated at all, have severe abdominal cramping, more so from the regurgitation than any residual poisoning, are low in electrolytes, and are lightheaded because of the blood rushing to your digestive system. You're done, at least for the next thirty minutes or so. Brush your teeth and get into bed. I'll bring you a bucket, some fluids, and a hot water bottle." He finished with a kiss to John’s forehead and turned him toward the door to the bedroom.
He was still mostly erect when John came out of the bathroom, turned off the lights, and came to bed. “You’ve been patient,” he said as he climbed onto the mattress and straddled Sherlock’s thighs. John smelled like soap and toothpaste and his hands were slightly damp against Sherlock’s waist, as if he hadn’t wanted to waste too much time drying them.
John grins. “Yes. Your feathers are sticking up everywhere and your tail is crooked and you have snow all over your belly. You look like I just had my wicked way with you, and it's very handsome.”
John came closer, teasing a finger along the curve of Sherlock's jaw, nosing against his temple. Sherlock risked movement, took a step closer, and rested his hands on John’s waist.
Sherlock all but melts his way to the edge of the bed, slides up and under the duvet, not stopping until he is pressed to John's side, horizontal. He cants one thigh and knee over John's shins in a measured, precise manoeuvre.
Sherlock understands. He looks her in the eye. “Are Pāpā Erebus and Pāpā Selvic flying away, Erebel?”
They arranged to meet at a specific place on the ice floe the group had been using as a diving spot, and counted down the days. From there, they would swim to the Shackleton Shelf, that massive formation of ice clinging to the easternmost edge of the continent.
Sherlock stripped off his T-shirt and pajama bottoms, and tossed them near the desk, then resumed staring as John undid his jeans and pushed them, and his briefs, down his hips.
is one of the largest science museums in the world. It opened in 1933, and is housed in the 1893 Columbia Exposition's original Fine Arts building. It holds more than 35,000 artefacts, which kind of blows my mind.
His thoughts were stalled by a ping to his phone; he had tried to record and use John’s giggle as his text alert, but John had figured out what he was doing and thwarted his efforts.
“Sherlock, you are brilliant.” Tui hugs him, and then Anahera. “We’ll be able to court openly, and be recognized as a bonded pair, a couple?”
Sometime during a commercial for stain remover Sherlock had an unexpected flash of recognition. The scent of John's fabric softener was lavender. He wasn't sure why that was important, but both the realization and the scent were extremely comforting. That was the last cognizant thought he had before falling into a fast and deep sleep on John's cotton-covered lap, the gimmicky tune of the television advertisement fading into nothingness.
Sherlock stared at him with wide eyes, saliva pooling in his mouth, waiting to see what John would do. What John did not do was touch him. He hovered above, one arm on the back of the couch, the other on the cushion near Sherlock's waist, and he lowered himself until Sherlock could feel his breath on his chest, warm and fast.
Sherlock fidgets, hoping John won't choose now to rehash the argument about the exorbitantly expensive microscope, but John is fixed on the photograph in his hand, a sentimental expression on his face.
Pengs assume that Pōrangi was unsuccessful, because nothing in their world has changed. There are rumours that the tooth is out there, somewhere, and that whoever has it will have the power of the gods.
This is your husband, he told himself, this is your husband kissing you, kissing you with his mouth, with his lips and his tongue, sweet like peppermint, warm and wet and incredibly good.
Sherlock is sure that the skin under his down is bright orangey-red. He gawks up at his mother, flabbergasted that she would embarrass him this way. He can't look at John, doesn't want to see whatever expression must be on his face now. It's hard to avoid seeing him, though, because John is like the sun, glorious and precious, and you can't help but bask in it, can't help but let your entire body turn toward it of its own volition.
John tries not to look, so help him God, he tries, but Sherlock is right in front of him, standing there with his hands on his hips, those long fingers directing John’s gaze exactly where he should not allow it to go. He licks his lips and looks and yes, Sherlock has worked himself into quite a state, and he’s waiting, he’s throwing John’s words right back in his face, and John can’t really fault him for that, can he?
But humans didn’t change the way stars did. No red giants and white dwarfs, not here. John was a constant, steadfast in his ability to stabilise Sherlock, the more nebulous element in their relationship. Through everything, the tenuous beginning of their courtship, Sherlock’s hesitancy to be touched, the progression through the wedding garments, John had been patient, respectful, kind.
Sherlock had a hunch that he’d find John in the kitchen, so after he dressed, haphazardly at that, he made his way downstairs and rapped at the swing door before entering. He stood there for a minute, feeling the door whoosh back and forth behind him, and closed his eyes.
John licks his lips and Sherlock can see him swallow, hard, can see his chest rise and fall with deep inhalations.
John’s mouth was velvet against his, a gentle tug and slide, warm and wet and sweet. When John parted his lips a little more, Sherlock did the same, and when the tip of John’s tongue flicked against his, Sherlock understood. John wasn’t using this kiss to initiate more. This kiss was everything, in itself. John was using this kiss to make love to Sherlock, to express awe and devotion and adoration.
“Hell, no. Not a second of it. Well, maybe the part about my mom trying to force me into an arranged marriage.” He smiled, but it was kind of a sad smile, Sherlock thought.
“It’s not really. I can afford it, I mean, you and I can afford it, and I know you’ve been meaning to get back to medicine and set up your own practise.”
“No, I wasn’t bored at all. It was perfect. It’s all perfect. We could put in that pool, and fix up the tennis courts and the tennis hut and make it a guest house. Whatever you want. Whatever you think. I think it’s perfect.”
John stood between Sherlock’s knees, and finished pulling off his pants, leaving him naked except for his briefs. They were tiny and tight and black, barely covering his hips, barely reaching the tops of his thighs. He licked his lips and shook his head as he took off the rest of his own clothes, making short work of it, letting things land on the floor in a heap.
Sherlock stuck his lower lip out and pouted while shaking his head. He could feel his curls swishing back and forth. “No.”
“I didn’t spend all those years following you around like a puppy, not knowing a day without you in it, so someone else could just waltz in and treat you like a dog, either to take home, or kick to the curb. No.”
That night, Sherlock enters the huddle feeling lighter than he has in days. He settles against John’s chest, fussing and nudging until he and John have as much of themselves pressed together as is penguinly possible.
John let out a short huff of laughter and shook his head. “Yeah, okay, that was the end goal, but I was thinking I’d lead up to it, not just, you know, do that right away.”
Sherlock rolled over so he could see John’s face. He tucked John’s hands into his own, pressed them against his chest, and yawned. “Couldn’t help it, although it didn’t really make sense ‘til the end.”
“What are you apologizing for? I was ready to come the second you pulled me into this room and flattened me against that door.”
“Now, let me ask you this. If those blessings are returned to us, how do we know it’s because of this stone? And if we cannot know that, how do we know we haven't given ourselves the very same blessings, on our own, of our own hearts?”
Crackers consumed, just five as promised, John went to his side of the bed and crawled under the pile of blankets and dressing gowns covering Sherlock. John worked to arrange them into a small-behind-big spoon position, and Sherlock was almost helpful, going limp as a ragdoll. Finally settled, he propped himself up on one elbow and combed Sherlock's hair behind one ear so he could see his face.
“Nah, that’s not a shame. What’s a shame is that not everyone is going to get to inspect your balls.”
“Because it was yours. Because you loved it and held it and slept with it. Because it was an important part of your childhood.”
Sherlock wasn’t thrilled about wearing rental skates, but he was looking forward to getting out on the ice. He’d owned several pairs of skates when he was growing up, and every winter he and John would beg their parents to drive them to the nearest frozen pond so they could play hockey and practice their speed sprints. They never played on the school team, or on any of the travel leagues, but they’d had all the basic gear and would come home dripping wet and exhausted after chasing each other around for hours on end.
“Yes. And she did get something for your fever. She asked me to give it to you because I was going upstairs and they were in a hurry to leave.”
Eventually, even Mrs. Hudson seemed talked-out, and when she stood and cleared the table Sherlock stood up, too, and said he was going to unpack and do some laundry.
“I doubt she was thinking about me when she wrote deathbed letters to you and Hannah. John, it's been a very long time. You're still very angry. I think you need to brace yourself for not hearing what you want, for possibly reading something that will make you even far more angry.”
The sunny spot bathes them in warmth, and all three emperors turn their faces toward the sky, close their eyes, and take a deep breath.
Successful matches resulted in enormous tax cuts for the family, and in some cases, promises of tax breaks for that family’s generations to come. Other benefits could be bestowed at the agencies discretion. Sherlock had heard of property being granted, significant discounts on homes, and in one case, the as of yet unconceived offspring of a couple going to the top of the waiting list at Broadhurst, Knightsbridge, and other high-demand, posh nursery schools.
“Yes. We had each been to as many colonies as we could find, undoubtedly missing each other time and time again. We were tired, and running out of options. He was willing to risk anything at that point. And then, after we found each other, well, we did not go to the Council.”
“But of course you did. Sherlock, would you mind terribly if I tell Lestra this news myself, or did you already assure him that we would see things your way?”
I'd like to say thanks to you readers who are here for each and every chapter, and always take the time to leave a comment. That you took a chance on this and have stayed for the ride means the world to me.
Sherlock’s body is vibrating with his need to get to John. He cannot control it, it falls out of his realm of decision-making. He simply must get to John. He calls again, and this time his song rings out from somewhere deeper than even his heart, and if he were able to listen to himself, he would hear the soulfulness of it flying over the distance between them, tugging at the hearts at everyone it passes.
“But this is all old news, Mycroft. Tell me what has transpired since you’ve been with the High Council? What shape did your committee take, and what conclusions can you share with us now?”
