Landing in Heaven, Castiel immediately felt the voices of his brothers and sisters surround him.
Castiel pushed them away however, opening his wings and flying off back towards Earth. The list of names hanging in his mind still needed to be checked off, and he needed something positive to keep his mind off of the human he had bound himself to and the mother he had failed.
Only a few moments later did Castiel feel her presence.
And so, so very alone.
Castiel drew back a shaky breath. Hope that she would just remove any traces of the love magic from the both of them had just been shredded.
1. He pulled the innocent out of the way, nearly missing the way the thing's eyes widened with shock and... recognition?
They were all different levels of curious, bombarding him with questions as their grace brushed against his.
Before Dean could explain the flip his heart did when those damned eyes met his,
How could he have been so stupid, so careless?
Castiel could feel the human's eyes boring into the side of his head, and managed to bring himself to meet them. The cupid could tell from the way his eyes widened and Dean's heartbeat felt like thunder in his ears that he had messed up on a cosmic scale.
He felt a twist in his heart as the thing jerked its hand back from the bag, freezing. For a few seconds, Dean held his breath. It was like he was seeing it- no, him, for the first time.
"Castiel," her voice trickled through his ears like a babbling brook, but where it would usually bring calm it brought fear upon the angel.
Instead of remedying his disastrous fuck up, Castiel somehow managed to make it even worse.
----- <3
Everyone in Heaven knew of the Winchester brothers- Michael and Lucifer's vessels.
Being raised surrounded by guns and monsters and the sticky metallic scent of blood that he could never quite wash off his skin made him quick on his feet and strong in both mind and body.
Dean Winchester, of all people.
They were to be protected, to be feared.
But instead, he had to get involved.
Others were angry at him for not being careful enough. How dare he mess with a Winchester? How could he not have known that Dean was there and waited until later to carry out his task? Which, of course, another cupid had to complete.
Dean Winchester was your average hunter.
His panicked wings even stilled, only occasionally making small twitchy movements to keep himself in the air.
Dean followed behind it, his fingers twitching for the gun hidden in his back pocket the whole time. It hadn't seemed to notice his approach, choosing to walk around, its eyes looking every which way as if in search of something. Dean had to duck behind a wall more than a couple of times when the monster's gaze steered towards his direction. He ignored the few quizzical looks he got from the multitude of innocents just doing their own thing on the plaza, opting instead to duck his head and hide amongst the crowd when the thing's eyes moved his way.
“Dean!” Sam called after him. “Hey!” Dean felt a hand on his shoulder and wrenched it off his body. He couldn’t stand the touch.
Dean smiled back and pulled the car back on the road before reaching out to hold Cas’ hand. It didn’t matter what his dead dad would have to say about this. The only thing that mattered was what Cas thought. And Cas wasn’t some unobtainable ideal anymore. He loved Dean.
A hiss spewed from the Snatcher’s mouth. “I destroyed God! I did it. I broke his temple and he fled like a coward!” He spat on the ground. “And you think you can claim such a victory!”
Cas returned the embrace. “Thank you for saving me.”
He floated down a corridor, unable to touch the floor, but guided by some unknown force. This had to be a dream; it was too weird to be real and he didn’t remember getting out of bed. There was nothing to do but let himself go along with the ride. Which looked to end at a room with a white light.
With a cough, Dean swerved the car to the side of the road and parked. “What?” Of course Cas knew exactly what the problem was.
Cas smiled. “I’m glad.”
The morning brought more composure, though the lack of sleep was harder to mask.
“Was it?” Cas asked, looking away.
He was useless here. All he could do was stare in wonder. Cas was powerful beyond anything Dean could comprehend and yet all he wanted to do was protect Cas. He’d failed in that the other night and now Cas was in this situation, and it was Cas that was doing the work to get them out of it.
“You look troubled.”
When he got there, he threw open the door just as the Snatcher held the blade above Cas. The interruption made him hesitate. “What are you doing here?”
“They crawl out of the ground and seek wickedness.” The Snatcher held the blade to Cas’ throat.
Dean nodded. “Thank you,” he said and ran out of the room. There was no time to waste. He had to follow the corridor to the room with Cas.
“I was a king!” the Snatcher yelled. “Once I was like you, of flesh and death. But no want can hurt me now.” He turned his attention back to Cas, walking over to him. “And angels, so depicted as lovely things.” He held Cas by the chin. “Looking like lovely things.”
Dean folded his arms. “I’m astral projecting?” He kicked out again, only managing to move to the other side of the ring. “Then why can’t I move where I want?”
Hands gripped Dean’s shoulders, pulling him off the limp body of the Snatcher. No blood pooled around him but he was silent and still. “Dean,” Cas whispered. “I think he’s dead.” He paused. “Or at least his soul is no longer in that body.”
“I did what I had to do,” Dean said, not following what the Snatcher was saying. It sounded like an insult, though. “You’re not the only one who’s ever fought God.” He smirked. “I guess I was just better at it.”
“Dean,” Cas said softly.
Considering the point for a moment, Castiel replied. “Perhaps since you’re not consciously aware of doing it, it’s harder to control.”
He managed to fall asleep again, knowing he would need his strength when he found out where Cas was being held captive, but the dream or astral projection didn’t come this time. It was another fitful night’s sleep and Dean grabbed a pack of caffeine pills from the convenience store before filling up his tank.
With a clenched jaw, Dean held his head high. “Dean Winchester.”
Dean turned away. “Please don’t leave me like this!” the demon begged. It didn’t feel good to want to help a demon, but the thought that the same thing might be happening to Cas broke his resolve.
“Sure thing, Sammy.” They hung up and Dean pushed himself off the side of the car. “Let’s go, Cas!” he called out before getting in and starting the engine.
He knelt down and broke the devil’s trap with the blade. “I don’t know how to heal you,” he said.
“Who are you?” the Snatcher asked as he rounded on Dean again, crossing the room with imperceptible speed.
The moment Dean crossed the railroad tracks, he understood exactly what the person at the bar meant by ‘heebie jeebies.’ There was something
Cas focused. “I can’t determine what the exact location is, but this Snatcher is dangerous, Dean.”
Dean shook his head as he answered. “Not much. He rambled like he was touched in the head. Said something about destroying God’s temple? And said something as he died. Sounded like ‘Amethyst’ or something.”
There was nothing so calming as the highway at 3:00 a.m. With the windows rolled down and the music off, Dean enjoyed the quiet solitude. Sleep wouldn’t come tonight either, so there was no point in paying for a motel room when he could cover more miles instead. The plan to investigate all the reports was in place. All Dean had to do was follow through.
With a sigh, Cas turned Dean’s face to look him in the eye. “What I feel for you is not a familial connection. It’s okay if you don’t feel the same. I just think you should know.”
After taking a swig of their - Dean cringed - hard cider they looked over at Dean. “There’s a place east past the tracks that everyone just kinda avoids.”
The Snatcher stepped back with raised eyebrows and glanced at Cas. “This… thing that’s been created as a weapon for a coward? This Castiel you’ve given such a fond nickname to?”
Cas was worth it all.
“I know,” said Cas with a smile playing on his lips as Dean was pulled out of the room. Dean tried to get back in, to get more information, to talk to Cas again, but to no avail. For the second time that week he woke up gasping for air.
The door to the warehouse was unlocked. Someone wasn’t concerned about break-ins. Dean walked slowly into the building. Nothing was in the main room and the air was thick with silence. He made his way to one of the doors. Once he opened it, he was smacked with the view of the very corridor from his apparent astral projection. This was it. This was where Cas was.
Sam looked pissed. “You don’t get to mope around and then take your anger out on me,” he said. “What have you done to help?”
Cas focused his gaze on Dean more intently. “Ah. I see.” He stood up. “You’re in the astral plane.”
“Dean,” Cas pleaded more insistently.
She stopped and sighed. “I think two before me got absolutely wrecked.” She tried to sit up. “There’s an angel here, though. I think he’s trying to figure out the best way to hurt him. Sick freak.”
The Snatcher stepped out of the way with a swiftness that would make this whole fight a problem. “But why?” he asked, wide-eyed. “Is this wretched creature worth letting the Earth fall to evil?”
Dean assessed the situation, watching as the Snatcher spoke. He was tall and looked every bit like he walked out of a Biblical story. “I was a king and sentenced to madness for what? Arrogance? As if any mortal man doesn’t find solace in power.” He pointed at Cas with his blade. “But inhuman monsters walk the Earth and Beasts shall rise. He saw it. He told of it, and we must be prepared.”
Dean took a deep breath. “You gotta let Cas go.”
The next morning, as the two of them packed up the Impala, Dean called Sam. “Yeah, so Cas and I maybe killed the guy.”
The drive back to the motel was silent. Glancing at Cas seemed too great a risk. Leaving the warehouse felt like stepping back into reality. A reality where he and Cas didn’t kiss. Dean shifted in his seat and turned up the music. The song on the tape reminded him of his father. John would have a field day if he knew what had just happened.
Dean looked back at Cas. “If he got you once, he can get you again. We need to stop him!” In that moment, the Snatcher pushed Dean to the ground, holding his angel blade high above his head, ready to strike.
“Cas,” he whispered, not wanting to disturb the silence. “I don’t know if you, uh, if you can hear me. But if you can, I’m gonna get you back. So help answer this prayer by staying alive wherever you are.”
“Dean!” Cas shouted as he held the Snatcher down.
Cas smiled. “You made it.”
Dean gritted his teeth. Cas looked between the two of them. “Don’t do anything stupid, Dean.”
“I’m not trying to, man.” Dean flailed around some more to no avail. “Last thing I knew I was asleep.”
Dean choked on his spit and looked at Cas. “Why? I’m nothing special.”
“What are some of the leads you got?” he said with a sigh. “I can look into them.” That seemed to satisfy Sam enough not to expect another outburst out of Dean. If only prayer and outbursts worked, Cas would have been back by now.
“Listen here, buddy,” Dean began. “I don’t know what this threat is, but Cas is good. He’s better than all of us and I won’t let you hurt him.”
Dean grunted a thanks. No one should be that perky in the morning, and no one should be that perky after what had happened.
He let the water run over his hand as it warmed up. If he could let Cas’ love wash over him so easy, he’d be happy to live like this forever. He heard a sound behind him as Cas stepped into the bathroom. The sight of Cas fully naked in the poor lighting of a cheap motel was perhaps the most angelic Dean had ever seen him.
“Maybe?” Dean could hear the judgement in his brother’s voice.
Sam took him through some of the more promising leads, and Dean mapped out a course to go to the furthest point and make his way back to the bunker with the stops along the way. The trunk was packed with the usual weapons as well as some holy oil and an angel blade. The Snatcher was abducting all sorts of creatures, but they didn’t want to discount angels nabbing other angels.
Dean opened his mouth to bite out a reply, but nothing came. He took a breath. What had he done besides toss and turn and throw a tantrum in the middle of the night? He looked at Sam again. There was hurt in his eyes much like the hurt he saw in the mirror. That Sam was level-headed even through this was a blessing.
It took everything in him not to sprint down the corridor. He kept an eye out for any traps. A shout rang out and Dean felt his heart quicken. It didn’t sound like Cas’ voice but with the other abductions in the area, he wouldn’t be surprised if this is where they were all held.
The Snatcher circled around Cas. “You know the suffix of his name is what ties him to God.” He looked at Dean. “And you’ve removed that with just a syllable,” he added, studying Cas intently.
Cas nodded. “Ah. I was worried you were upset about kissing me.”
Sam scrunched his face. “There’s not a lot of info on the Snatcher, obviously, but I’m seeing some reports that look promising.”
They rode like that the rest of the way to the motel. Once the door was shut behind them, they shed their wet clothes. Cas’ skin was cold to the touch, and Dean felt goosebumps raise on his arms. He kissed Cas softly and with all the gentleness of holding something precious.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah. Maybe. Look we don’t know what we’re dealing with here. He could have just left the vessel or something. Or at least Cas said his soul wasn’t in the body.”
Pacing back and forth the Snatcher kept muttering under his breath. Dean didn’t care to listen to what he had to say. If he was going to stop Dean every time he went to stab him then getting Cas out of that ring of holy fire was the only thing that mattered in the moment.
“What happened to you?” Dean asked as he stepped into the circle.
“Upset,” he said. “Doesn’t seem like you’re all that upset to me, is all.”
Dean pulled apart, moving his hands to cup Cas’ face. Cas looked up at him, a smile playing across his lips. Dean leaned in, catching Cas by surprise in his kiss. He relaxed into the kiss, sighing as a hand slid to hold the back of Dean’s head. The sprinkler kept spraying, though the fire had been put out long ago.
“I think I-” Dean’s voice broke. “I think I do feel the same way.”
Dean turned down the music. He cleared his throat. “Yeah, Cas.”
Dean flinched, and stepped toward Cas, but stopped when Cas shook his head.
Dean scoffed. “What are you?”
about this place. As he drove down a hill, a warehouse came into view. Dean parked the Impala out of sight, grabbing a few things out of the trunk. A shotgun and angel blade would have to suffice for now.
“What?” Dean didn’t know if he could trust this person, but he wasn’t in a position to refuse any help.
“Okay, that makes sense,” Sam agreed. “Did you get any information from him?”
“Are there others here?”
Cas cocked his head and furrowed his brows. “You are so special, Dean. You are the reason I love this world so much. Because I love you. Don’t you see that?”
The Snatcher nodded and dropped Dean’s hand. “I had a wife once,” he said. “I would have given her the world, but I could only bring her a small part of home.” He paced the floor. “I could bring her back. I could, but raising someone from the dead? Wrong. Bad. Unnatural. Much as this long life is unnatural. I have to set it right.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“No.” Sam put himself between Dean and the door. Dean assessed all the ways he could kick Sam’s ass and get out of there, but nothing seemed worth the effort. He let himself look Sam in the eye.
Dean scoffed. Talk about your metaphors.
They shrugged. “That’s as best I can describe the feelin’. I’m just trying to help ya out.” They stared at Dean. “Whatever it is you’re lookin’ for, you best be prepared for it.” They set their bottle down on the bar and flagged the server over. “Here’s for my tab and get this guy a drink on me.” They glanced at Dean. “He’ll need it.”
“Well-” Dean started, but the implication finally dawned on Sam.
He shrugged. “I don’t really know what we dealt with back there, or if he’s really gone.”
“Hey!” Sam snapped back. “I was sleeping. You know because I thought this was a safe place to do something like that.” He shook his head. “Don’t go blaming me for what happened to Cas. I’m upset, too, but it’s not my fault.”
He slammed his fist on the edge of the sink and screamed.
“Oh, you mean like you two are…?” he trailed off.
“Come here,” Dean said as he turned and held out his arms. Cas stepped forward and let his waist be embraced as Dean leaned his head on Cas’ thighs. On his knees, as in prayer, he wanted to be one with the walls of Cas’ body. Love and delight in this was the first time he’d felt real faith. Faith in Cas was something he would not waver in. He would take his sacrament and rejoice.
“What,” the demon snapped.
“I have given gifts to the one I love and slain those that betray what it means to love. And I need them, these powers of these vile things. A threat is coming, the likes of which you can never know.” He stepped forward. “Help me, Dean Winchester. Your reputation precedes you, of course and I know you stand for goodness and do not want to watch the fall of humanity. Help me bring down this great threat.”
“You look like shit,” Sam quipped and handed Dean a slice of toast as he entered the kitchen.
She looked up at him. “It’s okay. I can-” She moved to crawl out of the trap. “If I can get out of here, I can figure it out.” Dean watched as she grunted and slid across the floor, stifling her cries.
The shouts grew louder and Dean found himself following the sound. He pulled open the door and saw a demon in a devil’s trap in the middle of the room. She was screaming out for help and the sight of her on the ground, bloody and broken made Dean’s stomach turn.
His reflection stared back at him, vestiges of his age creeping around the edges. He looked hard for any movement behind him and listened for anything - the faintest of flutters - nearby. There was nothing.
The Snatcher ran at Dean and Dean held up his own angel blade, clashing against the other. That gave the Snatcher pause. “You have a blade of these wicked creatures, too, I see?” He stepped back. “They think they are doing good work, but they can’t with a master that keeps them selfish, filling their heads with lies.”
The force pulled on Dean again to the other door in the room. “Wait! No! Cas, tell me where you are! I’m gonna save you!”
“Don’t!” Dean yelled out, holding his hand out as if he could merely pull Cas away from this without a fight. “Don’t hurt him!”
“Cas? H – how did you – ? Wh – where did you – ?”
Lots of bad thoughts kept clogging up Jude's mind – thoughts about being dumb and flooding the zoo with his stupid grace – but he tried really hard to think about happier things instead. He remembered Papa talking to him the night before about the scar on his belly, and it made him wonder about the time he came out of Papa's grace. He couldn't really remember that part. It was all blurry. But he did remember being in Papa and Daddy's arms when he was a baby. They both looked so big back then; so funny and sweet...
“Oh my God, Jess,” he breathed, “You are so
Everyone glanced toward the kitchen, where Crowley was standing in the doorway. As usual, his hands were neatly stuffed into the pockets of his suit jacket and he was staring blandly at Michael. When the demon entered the room, he paused to stand next to Bobby.
"Hey Jude," she sang warmly, "Wanna watch Papa do my hair for the dance?"
Jude fixed his eyes on his uncle Crowley in Bobby's kitchen, too shocked to do anything else but stand there with his mouth open. Crowley had just told everyone where the big dark cloud had taken his parents and uncles, but he had trouble believing it.
Michael nodded, let go of Dean, and turned to finish the journey into the house with everyone else. Dean watched him go until he was completely gone, feeling strange. It wasn’t every day that the oldest archangel in existence showed some humble gratitude. Especially toward Dean…
“We’re like a couple of animals,” he mumbled.
“Gibson… A name for our boy,” Clare explained happily.
“Yep. I sure did,” Dean replied pridefully, easing closer.
“Her name is Jessica,” Ollie said quietly, “and we're not married yet.”
Castiel gave his own heavy sigh as he gently scratched the back of Dean's head. He couldn't deny that Dean was having a terrible day so far... but perhaps Cas could attempt to make it better.
"Uh, no. He's an angel. Punching him hurt
. That sweet scent of sugar and candy practically oozed from his pores, and it got Sam going all the time. Gabe didn't need to use an aphrodisiac to get Sam to have sex with him. Gabriel
' before leaning back to finally capture the angel's mouth with his own. Their tongues met and twirled together inside each others' mouths, making endorphins rush and hearts pound. Dean's free hand crawled its way up to hold the back of Cas's soft head while they kissed and Cas's hands clung to the front of Dean's shirt. They were suddenly making out the same way they did years before, like sex-starved teenagers that were crazy in love with each other. Hell, Dean
“Confidence is an acquired skill, my love, much like playin' the piano,” Aunt Rowena purred, “The more ya practice, the better you'll be at it.”
“I know,” she mumbled back, holding on to his waist as they walked down the hall, “I just miss them.”
“Shall we?” Bobby said, turning to gesture toward the hall.
“You haven't heard my peace offering yet,” the archangel called.
“Well, the baby's
“Thanks, boy,” she praised.
Gabe's immediate concern was Jessica. The archangel instantly scanned the room until he found his daughter's blonde curls and pretty malachite eyes. She was standing near the foot of the bed near Oliver, and both of them looked extremely on edge. Their pale faces and downward mouths were enough to make Gabriel feel like a worried mom.
,” Dean whispered.
“And Bobby and I have been working on it at the salvage yard,” Clarence mentioned.
The small laugh that escaped Sam's smiling lips made Gabriel's stomach flutter. Knowing that Sam was happy gave Gabe the best feeling in the world. There was only one other person that made Gabriel's heart sore like a kite. And that was their amazing daughter... Plus, he had Dickie. Gabe couldn't leave that little horn-dog off the list no matter what.
Dean picked up his drink and took another sip as he stared across the hibachi grill toward his adult son and soon-to-be son-in-law. Jude and Clarence were acting like star-crossed teenagers again, giggling and getting all handsy with each other. They were adorable as hell, but for some reason, it made Dean feel a little upset. It was probably just the lingering side effects of knowing his kid was an adult now and didn't need him anymore. Or maybe the oncoming emotions of knowing that he would literally have to give his son away at a ceremony in the future... But Dean tried his best to keep those problems to himself. This night belonged to Jude and Clare, and Dean wouldn't ruin it for the world.
“Not to mention graphic!” uncle Gabe added.
“I... I dunno if you're up for getting gifts,” Bobby mumbled, eying Crowley's lips, “but I've been meaning to give you something for awhile now.”
“I don't know,” she muttered, “He just gave this to me... and told me to find Michael.”
who he was talking to?! And how the hell did he find out about Cas and Gabriel, anyway? Whatever happened between a Winchester and his angel was strictly personal business. And no one – especially a demon with a silver spoon up his ass – had the right to talk about it.
“In your dreams, Dean,” Sam muttered with a nod, crossing his arms, “I'm in.”
“No! Hey! Sam! It's over,” Gabriel said, grabbing him by the arm.
“Can't. Sorry,” the kid denied, still raking Clare's hair.
“It's just a simple revealing spell,” the demon huffed, “When it's cast, the angels' grace will be revealed for a short time, allowing us to see their true form without its harmful effects.”
' and '
The two of them landed in the dimly lit study, where Jessica instantly turned to lay Jane down on the vacant sofa. She tried her best to be as gentle as possible, making sure to rest Jane's head on a pillow and straighten both of her legs out. As Jessie brushed some of Jane's dark hair away from her face, the sound of footsteps came rushing into the study. Jude, Clarence, and Oliver all came in with happy faces, appearing glad that both ladies had returned. Ollie glanced at his cell phone, which he was still holding to his ear, and turned it off.
“Jude is fine, Dean,” Castiel replied, reaching down between them to touch his own stomach.
Though panic was threatening to take him over, Castiel quickly flashed into action, zooming back down the fire escape to perch next to his brother once more. A few other demons – armed with angel blades, this time – had raced up the stairs in an attempt to corner Gabriel. But their strength was no match for the archangel who was slaughtering them left and right.
“Ha ha! You're gonna lose, kiddo! I own
As Jude raised his head, Meg broke away and started for the hall.
' which Castiel found very fitting. Jude's small, mostly-human body did not seem equipped to handle the magnitude of his grace at times. Especially when his grace acted without his consent, just as it did that day... Still, Castiel had faith that his son was capable of overcoming this lifetime struggle. Jude was a strong young boy with constant love and support from his family. Virtually anything was possible for him.
The source of all this seductive ambiance seemed to becoming from the kitchen, where the rose petals stopped and the music was the loudest. The scent of cherry confection filled Dean's lungs when he finally got to the doorway and looked inside... but all the air escaped again once he saw what was waiting for him there.
Dean smiled a bit, before lowering his head to lick a line across the tight thin fabric of the angel's underwear. Castiel groaned loudly at the sensation, causing his erection to throb violently as he felt Dean's saliva soaking into the fabric against the shaft. The man's heated breath felt so nice against Cas's organ as he prodded his tongue teasingly over the fabric. Images of their past intercourse were flashing in the angel's mind at the feeling. Was Dean planning to service Castiel with his mouth again? His precious, breath-taking mouth? Oh, the thought alone had the potential to cause the angel's finish.
I know I hinted that Michael and Adam were dead, but they're not exactly dead. That cage isn't the sturdiest container, know what I mean? ;)
Jude and Jessie both laughed a little bit, equally amused that Ollie didn't get they were 'forgetting' on purpose. When Jude's parents got out of the car, Papa walked over to him with a smile and gestured toward the decorated picnic tables.
Clare's eyebrows curved upward and his smile softened. His eyes were welling up with tears too, and it made Jude want to reach out and hug him. But he knew he had to finish saying his vows. With the sounds of various sniffles coming from all around the study, Jude looked back to his paper.
Though he was embarrassed, Jude let his eyes wander back up to Clarence's. And as the two of them stared at each other, Jude suddenly felt the urge to just ask Clarence about the whole bookshelf thing. Was it really an act of devotion, like Dad mentioned? Or was it just a nice gesture? Did Clarence actually
Although every fiber of his being was terrified, Jude bit his lip, forced a nod, and patted his pocket where his scribbled notes were. He wanted to marry Clarence with all of his heart, even if he had to face one of his greatest fears to do it. Dad nodded and stepped over to offer an arm on Jude's left, while Papa hooked his arm around Jude's right.
The two of them met eyes at a distance, which made Jude stop in his tracks. He half expected Clarence to take off the headphones and say something cheeky, or get up and start ranting about something stupid. But he just sat there and blinked at Jude. Jude offered a timid wave, thinking that maybe it would help the guy find the words he needed. But Clarence just gave a slight nod and went back to his book. Jude gulped and finally looked away, feeling strangely disappointed. Maybe the fire thing didn't effect Clarence. Maybe Jude was making it all up in his mind...
In fact, Jude didn't hear anything for a while after that. It was just him trying to hold down the Darkness. Where did Clare go? He wasn't hurt, was he? Oh no, what if Jude stepped in too late? What if Darkness already hurt him? What if it killed him? And what if it was Jude's fault? The moment that worry and anxiety kicked in, Darkness was able to take over Jude's body again. Jude slumped back into his mind in fear, afraid that Clarence was actually gone.
“Come. Now. We must go,” he breathed in a panicked tone.
? This woman
He was able to see Clare smirk and wink just before Crowley's cloud of smoke stole him from the room. Bobby and the two demons were gone, leaving only Jude and his papa behind in the kitchen. Pop eventually stood up and placed a hand on Jude's shoulder.
“Yes.”
From beneath his sea of woe, Dean sat up and searched for the source of Cas’s voice. He realized that the room he was in was suddenly dark and the floor he sat on was more comfortable than he remembered. Too comfortable, somehow. He blinked and put his hand down in the dark, feeling the soft fabric of bedsheets and blankets. He was… in bed? But where was Cas?
Dean nodded as he tugged his shirt up over his head and started to undo his belt.
” Clare's voice spoke, making Jude's excitement spike again, “
He held out one of the steaming mugs to Sammy when the guy looked up. Sam exhaled and shook his head as he reached for the fresh coffee.
Sam picked up a page with numbered steps and read through some of Gabriel's translation. From what he saw, the portal-making process sounded ridiculously difficult.
“Okay. Let me get this straight,” Dean began, trying to settle the buzzing thoughts in his head, “You've been dating a demon for three years without anyone knowing, he recently went missing without a trace, and now you're going to build a portal to hell just to go down there see if he's okay?”
! Just let her go!”
Though Jess was still a little nervous about how she looked compared to everyone else, she followed her Papa out of the car and up to the entrance of the building. All of the ladies in drag were very friendly. They greeted Jess's group with warm smiles and compliments, to which her group responded with the same. Most of the strangers knew Rowena by name and even offered her the front table. Rowena graciously accepted and led the Winchester clan to the table, calling out a drink order as she went. On the way, Jessica gazed in wonder at all the stunning people around her. Where did they get such big, lovely dresses? How did they get their make up so perfect? But most importantly, how did they have so much confidence? Jessica wished that she could have a fraction of their self confidence.
“Sure, Bobby,” Dean said, carefully easing out of the hug, “Why don't you get a room at this motel tonight? Whenever the angels come back, we can all fly to your house.”
“I pulled over at a diner on the way back and took you to the Men’s room, because I just couldn’t wait any longer,” Dean continued, grinning fondly at the memory. “I didn’t even make sure the room was empty. I just pulled you into the nearest stall and plunged into you, kissing your mouth like it was made of milk and honey. We were all over each other; groping and kissing and grinding. My dick was so hard it was starting to hurt, so I turned you around and slid inside you... And, let me tell you, it’s like your body was made for mine, Cas. It fits me like a tight glove every time… I remember it only took me two minutes to finish, because I felt guilty afterward. You still hadn’t finished yet, so I did something I’d never done before. I spun you around, dropped to my knees, and slid your dick into my mouth. I didn’t even think about it, I just did it. I could feel the veins of it on my tongue, pulsing with blood. The look of pleasure on your face still excites me. It wasn’t long before you came. That was the first time I had ever tasted…”
“Y – yes,” the angel breathed, grabbing Dean's hand and stumbling out of the bathroom, “Please, Dean. Let's try.”
Dean smiled and nodded as he nestled closer to his little family. He was more than happy to teach his angel the words to his mother's favorite song. The man cleared his throat and looked down at his son's precious face before starting to quietly sing.
“Nope. Just the altar,” Clare shrugged.
Dean dashed over to the front door to hold it open, offering the kids an escape route. They were all wearing tear-stained faces of fear, eyes wide and cheeks puffy. Dean kind of felt bad for them being scarred for life and all. But hey, at least they were all still alive.
Eddie patted Ollie's back and nodded before letting go. He gave Jess a warm smile too, before turning to walk back toward the lane of vehicles. Jessica was amazed. Wow, this day was so full of love... While his dad departed, Oliver looked stunned beyond imagination. He turned to share his wide eyes with Jess, who giggled in response.
Gabriel could tell that Castiel altered some of the words, though. Instead of summoning and binding Death, Cas was simply calling him to join them at the diner. More of a request than a forced summons. The rest of the guys waited and searched around the inside of the building, looking to see where Death might decide to pop up. It had been a long time since Gabe had seen the old bastard – a few hundred-thousand years, at least – so he wasn't sure what to expect. From what Gabe remembered, Death was like one of those old men who always hated when kids were on his lawn – but instead of yelling at them to get off, he just killed them. Dude had a killing fetish ten miles long.
A giant smile burst across Ollie's handsome face. His cheeks reddened to match some of his hair, which only made him cuter. Jess quickly continued.
“I have to stay at my grandma's house while mom is at work,” he explained, “We're getting ready to leave.”
Papa leaned down next to kiss him, too. Only he kissed Jude's cheek instead. Jude smiled at the feeling. He loved when his parents gave him affection. Papa raked his fingers through Jude's hair when he raised up to look at him again.
“So, we thought we could go around the room and share some stories about… you know… How some of us had our kids. But nothing too graphic, alright? This isn't a contest."
. She mentioned her husband Eddie on several occasions, but the Winchesters had never met him in person. Jane was the only one who ever brought Oliver to the park.
“Jude.”
She all but tossed herself at her fiance, gaining his attention by forcing herself into his arms. Ollie gasped when he looked at her, seeming shocked but happy.
At the conclusion of Clarence's story, everybody else appeared to be equally stumped. Did all of that stuff really happen to him? His slight accent, leather jacket, personal note, and demonic aura all seemed to confirm his story. But how were the Winchesters supposed to help him find his mother? Did Dad and Papa really know her? Jude had never even heard them say the name Meg before. Who was she?
? With
“Steak? Like, real steak? That's awesome! I don't think I've ever had it,” Clarence said, his smile dimming a bit before saying, “Bobby?”
"Please get out," Jude begged for the millionth time.
“Perhaps Jane's husband will offer you a chance to inspect it, Dean,” Castiel suggested.
The day after his cousin's wedding, Jude woke up with a dry mouth, red eyes, and a severe headache. But he was also swaddled in the arms of his sleeping fiance, so his day didn't start off too badly. He stared at Clare's handsome face for a few minutes before the pain forced him to climb out of bed. In the back of his mind, Jude knew that his grace had the power to heal whatever was causing the headache – most likely a bad hangover, as he couldn't remember much from the night before – but he didn't want to tap into his super powerful grace. Especially not around his sleeping fiance. Instead, he wandered out of his room and down the hall to his parents' bedroom.
“I'm sorry, Jude. But I don't,” he answered.
Jessica giggled again, feeling a fresh wave of happiness flow over her heart. Papa was right. In just an hour or two, Ollie was going to be her fiance! And she couldn't wait for it to happen, and share the love with her whole family.
was around; when he was just a little kid, excited to hang out with his older brother. Had Gabriel stolen Dean's spotlight in Sam's life?
“I see them, Jude,” Cas nodded and smiled.
Clare gave Jude a thankful smile before he and the rest of the room went back to talking about Bobby's old pictures. Jude grinned back at the table as he made his way to the door. Being close to Clare like this – having Clare be part of his family – made Jude indescribably happy.
The sensation of the spark scared Jude so much that he immediately started to stuff his grace back into his body. The whistling stopped, the light slowly faded out, and Jude opened his eyes to fill his lungs with air. The ground around him and under his knees and hands was charcoal black, like it had been burnt by an electrical storm... But behind Jude’s knees, his stomach was glowing. Even though he had put his grace away, it remained around his belly button, shining faintly. Jude wanted to get excited, but he was worried. What if it was a false pregnancy, just like the last? There was only one way to know for sure.
“I'll wait for you there as well,” the angel in the denim jacket mentioned.
The little girl waved and quietly exited the room, pausing to wink at them before closing the door. Once Jessica was gone, Dean dropped his hands and exhaled, looking defeated and embarrassed. Castiel felt equally ashamed. He never meant for their niece to see them in such inappropriate attire.
“Not with that scythe in your hands, you’re not,” Gabriel disagreed.
“I won’t tell,” Jude whispered back with a wink.
Dean's eyes opened as he felt Cas's lips against his own. The angel was kissing him in their hotel room now, tugging at the man's shirt and fumbling with his belt. Dean sighed as he tongued Cas back and started sliding out of his pants. Son of a bitch, how could a fantasy that was so simple be so damn effective? Dean's dick was hard and already throbbing from the idea of being inside Cas. And Cas seemed just as eager to have it, already spreading his legs to pull Dean on top of him. Once naked, the man complied with the angel's demands and reached down to stretch him open with a few fingers. Shit, Dean wanted to make love to him so bad. And there was no doubt that Cas wanted it, too.
“Well, what did he say?” Sam pressed as he slipped his pants on, “Did he talk to you? Does he still look like Chuck?”
As the Winchesters and their angels shared a small moment of peace, some rubble began to shift behind them. Castiel and Dean spun around at the sound of tumbling rocks, preparing for an enemy to pop out of the pile of broken bricks. Dean quickly grabbed a gun from the floor to point it in the direction of the shifting rocks while Castiel readied his grace. They were prepared to kill a remaining demon that might have survived the angelic bomb – but thankfully, it was only Bobby Singer.
“Oh. You mean my husband,” Gabe casually corrected with a giant grin, “No, it's not odd at all. We hold hands a lot, actually.”
“Don't thank me yet. I still have to work up a hard-on,” Clarence huffed, glancing at his own pants again, “Won't be much use, otherwise.”
Both young men turned to look toward Cas and the angel could see hints of emotion on their faces. Had Castiel accidentally interrupted them during a private talk? The angel glanced away shamefully. Perhaps he should have waited a few extra seconds before speaking... Though he was momentarily caught off guard, Jude whispered a small assurance to Clarence and gave him a kiss before climbing up to meet Castiel at the back door.
Bobby dropped the wrench in his hand and hung his head for a moment, letting the bill of his hat block his weary face. His shoulders rose and fell with heavy breath until he finally found his voice.
were capable of succeeding in, and yet you still -”
“But, Dean, It's Valentine's day,” Sam whined quietly, flashing a worried glance toward the motel room a few feet away, “I have plans of my own, you know! What am I supposed to do, huh? Postpone my whole holiday?!”
Dean chuckled a bit, the lovely sound unwinding some of the knots in Castiel’s stomach.
“Oliver. Listen to me,” Sam barked, grabbing the kid by both shoulders and looking him in the eye, “You are
“Bye-bye, bunny! Bring me back an ear of corn!” Papa waved.
Sam gulped when he glanced down to take in the magnitude of lust in Gabe's honey eyes. Just looking at him made Sam feel horny in return. Of course, the hand down the back of his pants didn't help either. Before Sam could even lean down for a kiss though, Dean groaned out loud with disgust.
Jessica giggled at her parents when they playfully glared and winked at each other. She was happy that they were having a good day, but she didn't want poor Dickie to stay on a leash. This was his happy day, too. So to help him, Jessica picked him up into her arms to keep him safe.
Dad nodded too and gave Clarence's shoulder a small pat. Afterward, Clare's bright eyes turned to Jude – and his smile dimmed dramatically. The guy could probably see the heartbreak on Jude's face. Clarence seemed to realize what his choice meant when they looked at each other. It meant that they wouldn't be together everyday like they had been. Still, Clarence started to walk toward Jude like he was going to say goodbye, and it made Jude feel like crying again. Ugh, he didn't want Clare to go. But if Clarence was determined to go, what could Jude possibly say? What could he do to make Clarence know how much he
“Did you got us presents, Uncle Bobby?” Jessica asked, her pretty eyes sparkling as she eyed the bag in Bobby's grasp.
A huge fight was going on outside the cage with Jude and uncle Gabe watching from behind the bars. The sharp-toothed people's heads morphed into giant mouths that leaked black ink and they went after Jude's family like walking snakes. Seeing all the people he loved being chased and attacked by those scary people made Jude so worried. But he was glad to see that all the years of using the buddy system came in handy. Uncle Bobby shot a bag guy that was going after Dad, and Dad killed one that was trying to bite Papa, and Papa threw his blade at one that was running toward uncle Sammy. Watching everyone team up together and fight was like seeing the Avengers assemble. They were all superheroes fighting villains, just like Jude always imagined!
Jude's sentence stopped abruptly when he tripped over his own feet and landed flat on his ass. Clare covered his own mouth to prevent his laugh from falling out as he watched the poor drunk angel roll around on the floor. The sight was hilarious, but now Clare was starting to feel a little guilty. Jude was waaay too drunk. Maybe he and Jessica had given him a little too much alcohol. To help his poor husband, Clarence reached down to scoop both arms under Jude before hoisting the guy up into his arms. He quickly walked Jude over to lay him on the bed afterward, where Jude bounced a bit.
*Paints a target on my own torso* Okay. Feel free to shoot or stab me whenever you’re ready. XD Yes, sadly, our beloved Jude is still not pregnant. But remember, this story is called ‘Miracles’ for a reason. ;) As terrible as the end of this chapter was, I hope you enjoyed the rest of it. :D I know it was a little weird at the beginning when Clare was talking about Cas’s ass, but that’s actually a call back to chapter 3 of ‘Devotion,’ when Clare asked Jude where he got his ass from. (I’ll give 50 points to anyone who remembered that without me mentioning it. You are my favorite human beings. Lol) XD I think Meg has taken her ‘Mom’ role very seriously ever since Dean and Cas talked her out of her suicide attempt, which explains her willingness to test the potion on herself in this chapter. Though, Cas was right. It was still very foolish. ;D I know that a lot of you are wondering why none of these plans or potions are working. Well, I’ve got good news for you. Many, if not all, of your questions will be answered in the next chapter! :D One more week, and things will finally be looking up! :D Thank you guys sooo much for sticking with this story even though it hurts sometimes. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate hearing from all of you. I love you guys! *hugs* The next chapter – in which Jude will have a nice, long talk with his grandpa Chuck – will be out soon! :D
As Jude began to jerk the length of Clare's shaft with one hand, he could feel Clarence starting to tremble underneath him. His eyes were huge and blinking, as if he was struggling to deal with whatever thoughts were in his mind. Jude spread kisses all over Clare's mouth and even down to his neck and shoulders, wanting to keep him calm and get him to the finish as gently as possible; especially since it seemed like Clare was having trouble focusing. In the meantime, Clarence's hands rose up to hold onto Jude's head. The demon was blinking rapidly up at the angel's face, as if looking at him helped get him to the finish. Jude tightened his own hand as Clare began to rock his hips and could tell that the end was near. Clarence was close to an orgasm. Jude could see it on his handsome, glistening face.
Sam smiled a little, seeing Jessica nod with her face all lit up.
In the privacy of the bunker kitchen, the adults all sat around and finally talked about what happened. Uncle Gabe and uncle Sam came home just in time to hear the news, too. Uncle Crowley mentioned that he might 'take action against Meg after all,' but uncle Bobby told him that there was no point. Meg was already a slave to addiction and left completely alone. She was already serving her punishment for being a terrible mother.
Clare followed his mother as she led the group toward Bobby’s basement door, holding onto Jude’s hand the whole time. Before they even reached the stairs, Clare could hear familiar voices coming up from the basement.
“Is it gone, Cas?” Dad eventually asked out loud.
“You own most of the board, Gabe. I'm already losing,” Sam grumbled, even though he was smiling.
“Oliver,” he sighed, “There aren't any unicorns.”
Daddy laughed a little bit at what Ollie said, which made Jude smile. He liked it when Daddy laughed. Daddy always sounded so funny... It wasn't much longer until they got to Ollie's house. Jude knew it was Ollie's house because of the pretty pink flowers in the front yard. The sun shined on all the green grass and Ollie smiled real big.
“I love you too, son,” he replied, “more than you'll ever know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why?” Jude asked.
Everyone looked toward the blonde guy at the edge of the island, who had jumped up from his seat. His mouth was open and smiling at the corners, as if he found Jessica's question amusingly absurd. Sam locked his focus on Clarence, waiting for the kid to do something out of line toward his daughter so that he could put him in his place.
.' Jude knew how to use his grace for combat. And if Jude could see the glowy man, that meant he could
has to pay. Someone
Oliver turned bashful all of the sudden and hid his face behind his knees. The action made him look like a little kid, and staring at the shy red-head made Sam realize what was happening. It sounded like Oliver hated the idea of marriage because of what happened to his own parents. Sam didn't know the whole story surrounding what happened between Jane and Eddie Thompson, but whatever went down had a lot of affect on their son. Oliver must have seen and heard his parents do and say things that no child should have had to witness. Their divorce was nasty between them, but it was even worse for their child who was caught in the crossfire. Sam had no idea that Oliver's parents' divorce had changed his outlook on the very idea of marriage. It was no wonder why he hadn't proposed to Jessica yet. He didn't ask her to marry him because he thought that marriage turned relationships sour...
Then, Bobby started to hobble up the porch steps to get to the kitchen. He passed by a couple of large sticks along the way, which made him remember playing fetch with the dogs. Every time Bobby tossed some sticks for them to fetch, Pete and Willy always brought them back – but Humphrey, for whatever reason, always dug a wrench out of the garage. The poor little guy had been a few fries short of a happy meal, but Bobby never judged him on it. A wrench was better than nothing, he supposed. Damn. Bobby was really gonna miss that…
” Jude finished.
"Bye, Mr. Winchester," he sang back.
“I am thinking about our son,” Cas murmured softly, “I am thinking about our grandchildren, who are yet to be born. I am thinking about my brother Lucifer, and wondering why he would want to harm Death or even my Father… and I am thinking about
“Eh, my answer goes along the same lines,” Papa admitted, going back to Jane's nails, “My perfect man is Sam Winchester... with the accent of Canada's Prime Minister.”
“Shut up, Clare,” Jude mumbled, biting down a grin.
Sam was used to his daughter giving things personalities and feelings. Whenever she ate grapes, she had to eat them in a specific order so that none of the other grapes would be upset. And when she played with her dolls, she dedicated time to each one so that none of the others would feel left out. So it didn't surprise Sam at all to hear her talk about the sky as if it had emotions too.
, Cas. God in a human vessel,” Dean explained, “And he was standing in this room a few minutes ago.”
“Why don't you just change the color of the tie?” Jess's dad suggested, “Jude could wear all white with a black tie, and Clare can wear all black with a white tie.”
“Si,” Jane agreed with a swoon, “Oh, he is muy caliente.”
“Ms. Jane, I'm... I'm sorry that you had to find out like this,” Jessie muttered.
“Hello?”
“How much longer is it gonna take?” Bobby questioned, his tone severe.
“The most difficult part of excavating the bunker was clearing the debris,” Cas explained as he led the way out of the garage and down the hallway, “Restoring the structure itself was reasonably easy, as was finding all of our valuables.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Dad asked, sounding extremely worried, “I mean, what if Michael and Adam are on the other side of the world, buddy? Are you going to be able to fly that far on your own?”
He carefully got up from the table and stepped around to lean over and give his son a gentle hug from above. He pecked a tiny kiss to the top of his head too, before reaching down to slide the container of pie closer to Jude.
The ginger haired kid heaved a heavy sigh as he tucked his cell phone away and put the truck back in drive. Sam, Dean, and Jude were all pretty confused when the kid made a U turn in the middle of the road and headed back the way he came – away from the Laser Tag Ranch.
Two could play at this game.
Sam nodded to show that he was listening without interrupting. He couldn’t imagine what it must have felt like to be outright attacked by a sibling. He and Dean were lucky enough to have almost always been on good terms. Gabriel furiously wiped his own tears away with his dirty hands and shook his head of blonde hair, looking pitifully frustrated and heartbroken.
,” Sam denied, trying hard to keep his hysteric voice down, “She's still a kid, Gabe! She needs to be a kid! She doesn't need to worry about hunting at age ten! I was neck-deep in this stuff at that age and I
grace. He felt the light shine through his skin, burst from his limbs, and ignite his eyeballs. He could feel the potent glow burning the dead leaves to ashes under his hands as his grace grew and grew. The air around him was whistling like a boiling kettle, shaking as if its molecular make up was being challenged. Jude felt like the sun itself, burning and consuming everything around him.
“Lava?” the man breathed, “Blood sacrifice?!”
All that drinking at the bar had filled Dean's bladder to the brim. He could feel the pressure on his lower stomach with every step he took. Once they were both in the room, Dean quickly let go of Cas's hand and shot toward the bathroom, sliding out of his jacket as he went.
The angel raised her solid fist to punch the asshole in the face again, bashing the back of his head against the floor in the process.
with you?”
“They're probably here for some kids,” Bobby went on, apparently not hearing Sam's interruption, “so, I've gotta stop 'em.”
As soon as he finished filling in America, Jude instantly raised up to capture Clare's mouth with his own. They stood there, on a hot beach in Hawaii, making out for several seconds – before Dad's loud cough came from behind them. Jude paused to turn back and look at his parents, who seemed equally uncomfortable about having to watch Jude and Clare kiss so passionately.
No! No, Jessie didn't want Jude or Papa to be in a cage! Just thinking about them being far away and all alone made Jessica's heart hurt. Tears filled up in her eyes and her hand started to shiver inside Dad's. What if they were hurt? What if someone was being mean to them? When Dad saw that Jess was starting to cry, he quickly knelt down to hug her again.
“I know,” she agreed.
He finally turned to look Gabe in the eye and a gentle breeze blew a strand of dark hair across his woeful face. When Sam spoke again, his voice was low and broken, holding a thousand notes of guilt and defeat.
“Cas, listen. There... there isn't a single thing about this that doesn't scare me,” Dean admitted in a soulful whisper, “I'm scared for you. I'm scared to have a kid. I'm scared to be a dad. Hell, I'm even scared to make Sam an uncle, because God knows that guy has enough shit on his plate. Everything about this situation scares me to death, Cas,” the man paused to take a few breaths, “But... you know what?”
The little boy was still in the middle of coloring a picture when his uncle came to unbuckle his straps. Jude was quiet as usual, seeming totally enveloped in his drawing. Sam glanced down at the paper Jude was working on and noticed something strange. On one side, there were stick figures of the whole family. Dean, Cas, Sam, Gabe, Jude, Jess, Dickie – they all had a spot on the little boy's picture. But off to the side, there was someone else. At first, Sam assumed that it might be Bobby, but the stick figure wasn't wearing a hat. The person off to the side wasn't colored in black crayon like everyone else, either. He was drawn in light blue and surrounded in squiggles...
“And to get there, we must have weapons. Thousands of undead abominations stand between us and our passage back, and seeing as you and I are powerless, sturdy weapons will heighten our chances of survival,” Cas explained.
“Y – you're a queer?” the warlock breathed, voice vile and growling as he shook his head back and forth, “Tell me you're joking, Clarence. Tell me it isn't true... All of this work... All this effort I've put into getting to know you... and you've been a
The demon paused again to bring his hand forward, revealing a tiny open box with a shiny ring inside. With his mouth agape, Jude blinked down at the jewelry, where his vision blurred with tears.
“This one? I don’t know. You – I mean,
Dean blinked, trying to get his mushy brain to start working again.
“Me too,” Dean agreed as he caressed Cas's fingers with his own, “He'll be back though, Cas. And we'll keep his room exactly the way he left it.”
“C – can you figure it out, Jess?” he urged, voice shaky, “I just... I can't figure it out.”
While he rattled off profanities, Bobby was shooing Castiel toward the kitchen, quickly pushing him out of the study. The angel glanced back toward the floor – just long enough to see that the man was in the process of painting a devil's trap on the rug – before complying with Bobby's demanding shove. They stumbled into the kitchen and Cas could see the heat on the man's face.
“It’s true,” Dean promised. “I’m bisexual. And I’m in love with Cas.”
With a few globs of spit and a single thrust, Dean was inside, feeling Cas's muscles tightening around his dick. Cas let out a tiny moan at his entrance but rocked his hips, encouraging Dean to keep going. The two of them were nearly choking each other with their tongues, unable to get enough of each other. Dean eventually picked up speed to slam faster against Cas's ass, thrusting so hard that the bed was starting to knock against the wall. Cas moaned and panted, his fingers curling against Dean's scalp. Shit, being inside Cas was so amazing. Orgasm was already on a steady rise in Dean's pelvis. Cas's cries were going to be the end of him.
Nearly two and a half hours passed. Dean knew because he kept staring at his watch, eying the flicking hands as they made their way around the numbered dial. The back of his head was killing him, but staring at the watch made him feel a little better. It did not, however, get rid of the sinking feeling in his stomach. How much time did he have left before the war started?
Jude panted a little bit too, realizing that he hadn't breathed at all during the kiss. The two of them looked at each other afterward while Clarence's hand finally fell away. His beautiful eyes were so full of emotion – full of
Bobby came back into the room before another word could be spoken. He was carrying a few beers in his hands, which he offered to Meg, Clare, and Jude. Meg and Clare took them while Jude politely refused. Meg immediately took a few gulps, as if the taste helped her cope with everything that was going on, while Clare sat his on the floor. It seemed like he was too interested in the conversation he was having with his mom to actually drink anything. Luckily, Bobby brought a fresh sense of atmosphere into the room with him. The old man sipped his own beer and casually leaned against the nearby dresser.
Ollie giggled and chomped on some of his popcorn, holding his unicorn upside without knowing it.
Everyone paused to look across the room at Castiel; especially Dean, who shoved Gabriel out of the way to see him properly. The look of fear and horror on Dean's face was so painful to behold, and Castiel wanted to give Dean the answer he wanted to hear... but he couldn't. Dean needed to know the truth, no matter how much he disliked it. The angel carefully placed his hand against his stomach and met Dean's large eyes.
“Of course, Guapo,” Ms. Jane replied, softly patting his back, “I hope you have a wonderful day.”
“Put the phone away or I'll shove it up yer demonic ass,” Bobby warned in a harsh tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wh – where did you get this?” he breathed.
“Road trip!” Gabriel blurted.
“Oh,” Clare muttered, leaning forward to open the glove box and reach inside, “I almost forgot...”
“Oh, in this state of absolute peril?
“Jay,” Clare smirked a little, drumming his fingers on Jude's shoulder, “You've got one hell of a family tree. You know that?”
“Y'all didn't have to get me nothin',” Bobby grumbled, feeling hesitant to take it.
Jess knew that she would get pregnant some day. In her future-dreams, she was always chasing little toddlers and feeding small babies – babies that looked so much like Ollie. Jess knew that she and Oliver would be parents. She just didn't know it was going to happen so quickly. They hadn't even been married a full day and they were already expecting their first child. Gosh, there was so much to do! So many things to buy! So much that she and Ollie needed to learn! The anxious thoughts made Jess look up with worry. There were three men in the room with her, but none of them were Jessica's husband. Where the hell was he?!
Jude smiled and bobbed his head again, seeming happy about her answer. The two of them were quiet for another few seconds. Jessie glanced over at Jude's Batman nightlight glowing in the corner that marked the bat-signal on the ceiling over their heads. She was so glad to see his nightlight back on. Having Jude home made her so glad.
“No. You don’t understand,” Gabriel interrupted, gulping so hard that his Adam’s apple bounced, “I’m pissed, Sam. I am beyond livid…”
“I'll kill you,” Clare shouted, though his voice was slowly trailing off as Jude applied more grace, “I'll... I'll freakin'...”
While the two kids changed places, Sam and Gabe gave each other questioning looks. They weren't sure why Jessica wanted to trade seats with Oliver – until she sat down in the backseat and circled both of her arms around Gabe. She snuggled up close to her Papa like she did when she was a baby, seeking shelter in his arms. Gabriel immediately wrapped her into a loving embrace and kissed the top of her golden head, wanting to comfort her as much as possible.
For a second, everybody just stood there and gazed cautiously at the unmoving figure. Nobody said a word for a long time and it was really starting to get on Gabe's nerves. What was with all this ridiculous tension? They were here to talk, not have a staring contest.
The bedroom door eventually swung open, revealing red-faced Clarence and Jude, who were thankfully dressed. Clarence seemed more upset than Jude did. The blonde demon walked right up to Jess to point a finger at her.
Jessica’s shout was enough to wake up her husband and have him scramble around in bed. Just as she did in her dream, Jessica scooped Charlie into her arms and dove across the bed to wrap an arm around Oliver’s waist. She blasted them to the Impala as fast as lightening, leaving them in the backseat in shock.
When his parents both paused to look at him, the same expression bloomed on their faces. They were both taking in the sight of Jude in his white suit, tilting their heads slightly and biting their lips as if to hold in tears. They looked happy, yet sad somehow. And it kind of made Jude want to cry, too.
“Who’s that?” Oliver asked.
“I will return momentarily, Dean,” Cas said quietly.
Driving through Lebanon seemed to make Jude's anxiety finally subside. When his blue Impala passed by Ms. Jane's dress shop, Jude and Sam both made sure to wave out the window. The lovely Latino Lady inside – Jude's best friend Ollie's mom – looked up just in time to see them and toss her own hand up with a smile. Seeing Ms. Jane made Ollie return to Jude's mind as well. He hadn't seen Oliver in a long time, either. Between attending college classes, working at a local animal shelter, and spending time with his own dad at the batting cages, Ollie didn't have time to hang out with Jude much anymore. Jude couldn't blame the guy, of course. School and work were important things. But, man, sometimes Jude wished that he could still see Ollie almost every day. They were practically brothers and Jude missed him a lot. Jessica was so lucky. At least she got to see him every now and then.
“I'm getting married soon.”
Gabe's unrelenting enthusiasm made Jessica giggle out loud. The relief in her eyes mixed with the sound of her laugh assured Gabriel that she was going to be just fine. The archangel raised up on the tips of his toes so that he could plant a kiss to the side of his daughter's face.
“This house,” Jude said again, gesturing to the worn walls, flimsy kitchen table, and faded cabinets, “You picked it out, remember? You encouraged me to move in with you, and used your money to take care of me. And I never even thanked you for it.”
The man squeaked terrified protests in French as his feet dangled over the street. Jessica eventually tossed him back on the ground next to his ruined scooter. Oliver glanced around and noticed that a few people had popped their heads out of nearby doors and windows with cell phones in hand to see what was going on. They seemed ready to film all the drama that was happening. Not wanting his wife to become an internet celebrity, Ollie quickly slid over to cautiously wrap an arm around Jess's shoulder.
“Shut it, Dean,” Sam hissed.
Both boys flinched at the sound of Jude's father's voice echoing through the bunker.
“You have Castiel and Gabriel's grace?” Michael asked, which received nods from all over the room, “Excellent. That will make this task much easier.”
“It’s alright, Dean. I think you just experienced a –
,” uncle Crowley hissed, tugging on her arm.
Luckily, it seemed like Sam wasn't the only one that felt completely lost and uncomfortable in this place. Gabriel was still clinging to his arm with a death grip and searching the trees around them with paranoia, as if he thought some kind of creature was going to jump out and carry him away. Dean and Cas, on the other hand, appeared to be more upset and confused than anything. Dean exhaled deeply and scratched the back of his head, spinning in a slow circle before looking back at Gabriel.
“I'm not sure. I'm parked on the side of the road near a gas station... Gas-N-Sip? The hell kinda name is that?” Bobby uttered to himself, giving the sign another strange glance.
seeing him like this before, but she couldn't recall when. And it bugged her to no end.
“Ya know what? Bite me,” Bobby grumbled toward the king of hell.
Castiel felt utterly useless. There he was, standing directly behind a woman in so much pain that she was prepared to end her own life, and he couldn't think of a single thing to say that could ease her suffering. But while the angel was lost, the man beside him seemed to know exactly what to do.
"You know what I mean," Sam groaned, pausing to huff a breath of frustration, "Look, I don't want Jessica going to that dance with Oliver until she knows the facts. Come on, Dean, I need you to back me up on this one. Do you want to wake up tomorrow and find out that you're a grandpa?"
Dean held Bobby's backdoor open for Cas, letting the angel walk into the kitchen first as the two of them made their way back into the house. The moment their shoes hit the tiled floor, Cas made a b-line for the fridge, stepping over to it quickly to open the door and glance over the contents. For the first time since 'Famine' was on earth, Cas was acting like he was starving. The angel dove into the fridge and started eating olives straight from the jar, chomping on hotdogs straight from the package, and gulping down Gatorade straight from the jug...
“Ollie!” she grinned, clinging to his neck, “What are you doing?”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean repeated once more, wanting it to stick.
“Uh-oh. Road block,” Gabriel said, hopping forward to point through the windshield.
With his gut churning, half from being empty and half from anxiety, Clare slowly climbed off the bed and got dressed to head downstairs. The whole house was silent as he made his way to the kitchen and looked in the fridge. One of Bobby’s dogs – Peter? Or was it Willy? Clare could never tell them apart – popped up from his bed in the study and came in to watch Clare scour the kitchen for something to put in his gut. The demon decided just to have some orange juice. After the loud fight with his husband, Clare didn’t have much of an appetite.
arms? Castiel stole a glance at Dean's precious face again as Sam and Gabriel enjoyed their reunion.
His voice was coming loudly from a speaker that was set up near by, and everyone replied with positive answers.
Even though she was slightly confused, Jessica nodded her blonde head and put her crayon down. Dean gave her a small hug and whispered 'thank you' as she slid out of her seat. While Jessica scurried to the kitchen, Dean finally turned his attention to his son.
The guy reached up to curl some of his daughter's soft hair behind her tiny ear before leaning toward Gabriel next to him.
was laying on that bed and
Because they were going to kill Death with his own damn weapon.
Jude nodded, but the suggestion didn't really comfort him. If Clarence was on his way here, he still would have gotten Jude's text messages. Did he leave his phone at home? Or drop it in some water or something? Jessie and Ollie joined hands – which made Jude ache to see Clarence even more – before pulling him along toward the decorated tables.
“I'll go with Sam,” the man uttered, feeling sick.
Clarence, on the other hand, was dead set against it.
” Clare repeated, pausing to give Jude a stunned look.
“We've decided to offer you a place at our house,” Bobby finished with a smile.
But as Sam bent over to wake Jess, he noticed that moisture was glistening just beneath her closed eyelids. Her blonde eyelashes were becoming wet with tears and she was whimpering; starting to cry in her sleep. Sam's parental worry spiked. What was wrong? Was she having a nightmare? Oh God, was she having a bad dream about penises like Sam was afraid of? It seemed like Dickie knew that something was wrong too, because the little dog was pawing gently at Jessica's knee. Sam reached in and gently shook her tiny shoulder.
“Dad?” he said louder into the receiver.
“P – Papa, I'm not ready,” Jess squeaked, reaching out to cling to the front of his suit.
“Alright,” Clare accepted as he slowly stood up from the table, “Jay? You wanna come along?”
“Let's go in the living room and let Mr. and Mrs. Thompson rest,” Gabe said, gently shooing the kids toward the exit.
“Yes,” he answered.
“Yeah! Where the hell have you been?!” Gabriel nearly shouted, pointing toward Jude, “This kid
. Jude gulped again as he blinked between the map and Clare's smug face. The smirking demon reached up to gesture to the whole thing.
“You go on ahead, Jude. I'll, uh, catch up,” he called.
Gabriel rounded the bed to get to Eddie's side, where the guy was passed out on his back. His baseball cap had fallen off and his ginger hair – much paler and thinner than Oliver's – was tossed all over the place. Though he knew what he had to do, Gabe paused to glared down at the guy for a minute. Eddie Thompson was a royal asshole. Hell, anyone with eyes could see that. The guy was a sexist, racist, homophobic dickhead that didn't deserve an ounce of compassion, let alone such a beautiful wife and child. Why Jane chose to stay with a jerk like him, Gabe would never know.
“You know what? Bite me, you little prick,” he hissed back.
“I'm no mother,” she spoke, her voice barely audible, but full of emotion, “That poor kid... He's better off without me. Everyone is.”
"Hey, wait! Come back!" he pleaded.
“Thanks, you guys,” he muttered, softly patting Dickie's back as he sat there with a red face, “I – I don't know what to say... I'm just scared, I guess. I don't really know how to take care of a – a baby.”
Jude groaned verbally at the drastic change of speed, letting his eyes soak up the sight of Clarence moving on top of him. Clare was riding him like a cowboy riding a horse, making his heavy privates bounce against Jude's lower stomach in the process. The grimace on his face had faded into a look of pure determination, though his mouth was open and panting. Jude was panting too. Pleasure was coursing through his whole body and he knew it wouldn't be long before he saw stars.
Castiel gulped.
that shit?” the man chuckled, wiping the semen on the inside of Castiel's jacket before the angel could stop him, “You're gonna make yourself sick. Hell, it's gonna make
Jess's smile faded a little and her head tilted downward bashfully.
“Call it what you want. Clarence is Jude's friend, which means he's part of this family,” Dean stated firmly, “and family sticks together.”
Dean nodded as he stopped by Jude's bed to join Cas in staring down at their child.
“Throne room,” a new voice said.
Jude started by taking a large breath to steady himself. Then, he knelt down, feeling the dead leaves and pine needles with his fingers to keep himself grounded. And for the first time in his life, Jude closed his eyes and openly embraced his celestial grace. His
“Jay, we're in
!” Gibson said excitedly, holding the picture directly in Jude’s face.
“Good morning, love birds,” the archangel beamed, “I take it you've already scoped out the new and improved spank-mobile? I added a couple of new guns to the trunk too, in case you didn't look. High-grade military stuff. No big deal -”
worth the fight. Right fellas?”
“We are preparing for the delivery of your children,” Pop answered, sounding exasperated, “But you cannot be here. In fact, most of you should vacate…”
“ - it has an almost endless shelf life, so you won't need to brew another batch anytime soon,” Crowley's accented voice said, “Why, boy? Are you planning to do something stupid?”
“... There's a heartbeat,” he finally mumbled.
“You need to go to school, Oliver!” his mom barked, planting her hands on her hips, “You're going to have the education that I never had. That's why I'm helping you do this! You cannot give up!”
“Shh,” Cas soothed, reaching down to wrap both arms around Jude and hug him close, “It's alright, son. You are here, now. We are all together.”
Gabriel studied his tall daughter in the dim moonlight for a moment, noticing that her face was void of color. Jess was extremely pale and understandably nervous about her first night in a different country.
die?” Jess repeated, “What do you mean? Who is she?”
Dean let out a shaky laugh.
that thing, baby,” Dean answered quickly, “I just – I want you to know that... You mean everything to me.”
car! He couldn't believe it! Jude met his uncle Bobby at the front of the trailer and reached out to touch the glossy blue metal side, just above the wheel. How in the world did everyone afford this car? It must have been quite the restoration job. Uncle Bobby proudly reached out to pat Jude's shoulder.
“Why... why do you want to know where he is, anyway?” Dean slurred, raising his head to look at the angels in front of him, “Did he try to fly in a non-fly zone or something? Sabotage your chances of becoming prom king? 'Cause I gotta tell ya, you didn't have much chance to begin with.”
“My... my back hurts,” the angel forced himself to admit, feeling ashamed.
He was afraid of Dean, too.
“Clare!”
. Dean was so grateful to have Cas in his life, and having his father's literal blessing was an unbelievable relief.
” Sam blurted.
“M – my dad?” Jude repeated in a whisper.
“How many of them are smiling?” the witch asked.
“Ah! Excellent idea, love!” Rowena commended, finishing Clare's nails so that she could get up too, “I'll get my goodies as well!”
“Perhaps Gabriel is attempting to make amends, Dean.”
“Why did they attack you anyway?” Sam questioned softly, “Do you think it has something to do with Bobby wanting to open a portal to hell?”
“May I assist you, Dean?” Cas asked softly, leaning over to peer in the trunk, “What are you looking for? Perhaps I can help.”
Castiel reached up to cup the man's heated cheeks and level their eyes. Dean allowed the interaction, raising his head enough to meet Cas's sight. The angel gazed into the suffering emerald orbs with enough power to shift the course of an ocean current as he spoke with deliberate sternness.
Dickie gave a quiet bark at his master's command, as if he was ready to take on the role of guard dog. Sam took a breath of Jessica's sweet-smelling hair as he watched Gabriel walk over to stand next to Cas, who was in the middle of embracing Dean. Sammy noticed that Jude was hovering around Cas's side, too – and sneaking a plastic figurine of Superman into Cas's pocket. Although it seemed a bit weird, Sam didn't point the action out to anyone. He assumed that Jude wanted to put the toy in Cas's pocket for safe keeping or something.
No sooner than Sam finished his sentence, a golden light suddenly sprang from around a distant corner and grew brighter as it blazed a trail straight toward them.
“How could I have forgotten about my own daughter’s first birthday?!” The ginger man groaned, “Man, I am so dead. It was nice knowing you, Jude. Jessica is going to kill me.”
Dean blinked between the two children in front of him, feeling his own heart ache behind his ribs. It was painfully clear that Jessica was more advanced than Jude. Her basket was full in no time. Eggs were toppling out before she could put anymore in. But sadly, Jude's basket was less than half-full. He was walking as fast as he could to find more eggs, but it was no match for Jessica's grace. Jess was flying and Jude wasn't. That was the big difference between the two of them. And now that Dean was seeing the drastic separation with his own eyes, his worry spiked. What if there was something wrong with Jude? What if he was more than just afraid of flying? What if he physically couldn't? What if his wings were defective or broken or something? What if the sweet little boy that had Dean wrapped around his pinky finger never figured out how to fly?
“Mr. Dean, what's wrong with my mommy and daddy?” he squeaked.
With one hand holding a death-grip on Ollie's shoulder, Jessica quickly felt around for the picnic table in the dark. Ollie's arm snaked around her back to pull her close with a determined yank as they searched for the table together. In the meantime, her dads and uncles were calling for each other in the dark; shouting questions and sounding just as confused and scared as Jess felt. But there was one voice that stood out among the rest – because Jessica had never heard it before. It was more of a sound than an actual voice; a sort of deep rumbling, like boulders grinding together underwater. The noise swirled in the darkness as if it was coming from all sides, speaking in a language that Jessica had never heard before.
He could tell that his last statement made Cas a little sad, because the angel's blue eyes softened in the dim light of the room. Cas clearly wanted to argue for him; to reassure Dean that Jude was just as safe with him as he was with anyone else. But Dean was already shaking his head in disagreement. After what happened in the gas station, Dean didn't want Jude to leave Cas's side.
Thinking about Jude and the Halloween party actually made Jessie remember that black bag of naughty magazines that uncle Dean found, but she didn't want to bring that topic up. Especially not on a date. She quickly came up with something else to say instead.
Dean, Cas, and Jude all looked to the entrance of the kitchen, where Gabriel wandered in with Sam, Jessica, and Dickie. The four of them looked around the kitchen in wonder, admiring all the furniture and cook wear.
“Let's go kill a monster,” he smirked.
“Wait… You’re not coming with me?”
Just as Jude suspected, Ollie's eyes grew wide and his freckled face paled even more.
"Don't make me save your sorry ass again," he said.
Jessica assumed that Ollie was talking about the fact that her skin was still glowing. She was glad that he found it so enjoyable, because it
“You're welcome,” he replied, “Shall I wake your father and meet you in the kitchen? Michael and Adam have requested pancakes and I do not wish to disappoint them.”
“Grandpa? I thought you said he was dead,” Clarence replied.
“Oh yeah?” Jess challenged, raising an eyebrow as she gestured toward Jude, “We could name her
Dean wasn't sure how to reply to the angel's question. The honest answer was 'no.' Dean was not alright. He hated waking up to piles of junk and not being able to use the bathroom or kitchen. Living in this motel room was slowly driving him crazy. But he didn't want to mention it out loud because he knew that Cas couldn't fix it and he didn't want the angel to feel bad. Before Dean could even gather up a solid answer for Cas's question, Gabriel yelled from the kitchen.
was the one in a cage.
not to let them take her! And he
“Twenty-four,” Clarence corrected.
“I'm not. That's why I'm calling you,” Bobby replied, “I'm gonna keep an eye on 'em for now. They don't look like they're goin' in yet, but you and your brother need to hurry up and get here.”
Dean gulped. Buried deep within his mountain of pain and grief, he was glad to be home, too. Especially with the one person he most wanted to get back to. The man’s gaze dropped to the angel’s clothing, which was slowly getting drenched from the shower. Their hands were still clasped, wet and warm between them. Dean was suddenly aware of how naked he was in front of Cas. His entire body was on full display, glistening for Cas to see. And for once, Dean was relieved by the notion. He needed to be completely open, laid bare, for Cas. Dean owed him honesty and a full explanation.
As the two of them got lost in another kiss, Castiel was suddenly brought back to a seemingly ancient revelation. The one of his own purpose. It seemed like so long ago that he struggled with the internal dilemma of his own place in this world. And now, many years later, after so many hardships and triumphs, Castiel had everything he could have ever wanted. If he had known back then what he knew now, he wouldn't have spent a single moment worrying about his own outcome. Because now, he not only had the love of Dean Winchester, but also the love of their grown son, their brothers, their niece, human friends, and a home in which they all could live peacefully. To Castiel, his place on Earth was better than any other, even his old home in Heaven.
“Good morning,” Cas smiled.
“That's just it. I... I don't know his name,” she tried to explain, “My head's all fogged up. I just remember his face. And what he did.”
” Dean slurred under his breath, feeling lightheaded.
“That's okay,” he nodded, his smile dimming back into seriousness, “I know how much you love me.”
“I’m right here,” Jessie’s voice came from just outside the pantry, “Cas told me to get water and stuff.”
“Well, uh, last night, after you guys went to bed,” he began carefully, trying to find the right words, “Gabe, Bobby, and I sort of, um... Well, we sneaked out and, uh... went to the store, and -”
“Use us?! No, you can't use us!” Gabriel growled, “We don't want any part of this! You assholes got
But the figure that appeared on the floor wasn’t one that Jess had ever seen before. It was a dark woman dressed in all black. Her throat looked severely damaged; almost like a handprint had been burned deep into her skin. Muscles and arteries in her neck were visible as she crawled toward Jess and her Pop. Jessica covered Charlie’s face with her hand, shielding the baby from the disturbing sight.
Clare knew that Gabe was joking. There was no way that Castiel could figure out the baby’s gender just by feeling it with his glow. That is, until a look of surprise crossed Jude’s face.
“I flew,” she admitted climbing back to her feet and holding out her hands, “Here, hold on to me. I think I can take us back.”
. He was the one that his kids would go to when they felt scared or needed affection, just like Jude did with his own Papa. That was a pretty profound revelation…
Uh... *holds out box of tissues* you might want to take one of these just in case. This chapter is full of emotional plot and feels. Good luck! :) I'll see you at the end!
Sammy chuckled.
"This is where you go to school?" Jessica asked over the loud music.
“What makes you say that?” Dean asked, secretly hoping for an explanation.
Sam's mouth fell open. Oliver? The little red-haired kid from the park? The one who just had a birthday party? Jessica dreamed that he
Dean smirked when he nodded, enjoying the thought of Cas not wanting him to be out of his sight. Though Dean’s smile seemed to intrigue him a little, the king continued his debriefing.
Jude felt himself take a deep breath, but paused to look around again. He wanted to capture this moment in his memory. Take a picture of it with his mind. His past was behind him, with his parents. His present was in front of him, with Clare. And his future rested in his arms, with his children. Jude’s entire life surrounded him all at once, and there wasn’t a single thing he would change about it. There were no mistakes. Not a single flaw. Everything was perfect. There was only one thing he could possibly wish for.
Sam gulped as he held onto his child. He missed Jude and Gabriel, too. But he didn't want to let himself think about them too much. Otherwise, he would end up freaking out like Cas did in the dungeon... While he and Jessica walked down the hall, Sam noticed that Dickie was shuffling along beside them with his head down. It was like all the sunshine and happiness had been sucked out of his little doggy soul. Sam hated seeing Dickie act so sad, but he couldn't help but feel the same way. Without Gabriel around, how was anything supposed to feel happy?
“I'm here,” Sam replied, walking in behind Dean and shutting the door.
Crowley’s dogs. The idea was really sweet… Crowley nodded, turned back to the plume of smoke, and disappeared, taking Billie with him. Afterward, some of the family’s attention slowly began to gravitate toward Jude, because Rowena was still rambling happily about Jude finally getting pregnant. But Sam was more focused on Gabriel than anything. The golden-haired archangel was as still as a statue, still holding out the scythe almost like he wanted someone else to take it.
Bobby gulped and stared at all the familiar faces, feeling like had stumbled into a weird dream. Everyone was staring back at him and grinning like crazy. Especially little Jude and Jessica, who were both dressed up and fighting giggles. Even his own three dogs were sitting in a row, wearing bow ties on their collars and wagging their tails. Why did everyone look so nice? What was going on? Jessica stretched up on Gabriel's lap to wave, making the frilly ruffles on her red dress sleeves shimmy.
Sam swallowed harshly as he glanced between his archangel and their baby girl. Nothing to worry about?
"You're beautiful, Jess," Dad whispered against the top of her head, "and I love you."
“K – keep going,” Jude encouraged.
to harm the insubordinate quim,” Crowley muttered, “Not until she is reunited with her child and provides some kind of explanation for her unauthorized absence from hell. Only then will I carry out the proper punishment.”
marriage with Gabriel. Yes, there were fights – many of which started because Gabe got restless and felt the urge to be a trickster... But there was so much more to marriage than just a few arguments. Love was the foundation of their marriage, but it was also built with compassion, forgiveness, understanding, and the willingness to let someone else be right sometimes. It was a constant give and take. And, in the end, both of them were better for it. Sam knew that he was a better person because of Gabriel's companionship and everything they had been through together. By now, Gabriel was literally the other half of Sam's soul. Marriage defined their relationship in the best possible way... and it could be that way for Jessica and Oliver, too.
“N – no, baby bunny,” Gabe answered, putting on the most innocent expression he could muster as he walked over to wrap her into a half hug, “That was me. I was just... um... flexing my grace a bit.”
“Fine,” Jess barked, her eyes staying fixed straight ahead, “I just want to see the Mona Lisa.”
“And then?” Dean asked.
Soon, they started to pass various empty cellblocks and dark rooms. Light was so scarce that Cas eventually lit up his hand with grace to brighten the way. There were no demons down in this part of Hell. The whole area looked abandoned. After a few minutes of walking, the king eventually led Dean up to a large, empty cage.
"M - My hair?" Clarence repeated.
“Gnah, Jude,” the demon panted in a high pitched voice, “I'm so close, I -”
Gabriel could hear the movie playing behind him – something about a kid playing with a paper boat in the rain – but he kept most of his attention on catering to Sam's dick. Though he tried not to brag, Gabriel knew he was the master of blow jobs, especially when it came to his favorite moose. It didn't take him long to make Sam hard enough to stand up. The kid's dick practically sprung up from his pants, which Gabe found hilarious. Sam might have said he didn't like having sex in public, but his body thought otherwise.
“Nice, right? I figured you and the ol' demonic mistress could get drunk off each other for once,” Gabe asked, bouncing his eyebrows.
“Will Gan-pa Dean be at the bunker?” Gibson called.
“Fine,” she huffed, “You think you can kill me?”
"My dad actually told me to come and get you for dinner," Jude explained, "Do you want to eat with us?"
Clare spun back to give Jude a pair of scrunched eyebrows and downward frown. Clearly, he didn't realize that Jude actually wanted to keep going whether it put his life at risk or not. But it didn't seem to matter anyway, because Clarence had already decided how he felt.
Do you guys remember, waaay back in the very first chapter of Solo, when Dean watched that porno? It was called 'Tiffany Gets Audited From Behind.' And you know how Tony looked exactly like Cas?... Yep. That's right, folks.
“You are most welcome, Jude. And I love you very much,” Papa answered back, “I could not be any prouder of you than I am today.”
“Because I'm not gonna be a good dad,” the kid huffed.
“Yeah, sure,” Sam agreed, “Hey, uh, can you pick up some dog food, too? Dickie's out...”
. Sam
“Absolutely,” Cas immediately agreed, “Our family would not be complete without you, Crowley.”
“No,” Clare instantly denied, his voice cracking, “You're so
Jude probably added the last word because everyone was looking at him with discomfort. Dean could understand why the rest of the family didn't quite agree with Jude's choice. Michael and Adam didn't seem like the type of people that would dance at a wedding. But Jude did have a good point. It was a nice gesture to invite them, since they were, in fact, family. No matter how far away they were. Dean shared another glance with Cas, who seemed equally moved by their son's acknowledgment of their distant relatives.
,” he replied, resting his forehead against Cas's, “I don't know where the hell I'd be without you.”
? You'd think I'd be able to remember that. A hundred different ways to make a man beg for mercy? Sure. But my own kid's face? Not a bit... Maybe that yappy Scottish Chihuahua was right to wanna kick my ass...”
Jude took a breath to steady his own thoughts. Would Clare's tone be just as hateful if he knew he was speaking about his own relative?
“Ollie?!” Jess squeaked.
“Thanks, Dickie,” Jessie grinned, looking up to her boys, “and thank you guys. I'm so glad to see -”
“Don't worry, Jessie. I've played baseball my whole life,” Ollie reminded as he picked up the first ball and tossed it in the air a few times, “That bunny is as good as yours.”
Dean smirked and leaned over to peck the blue-eyed angel's lips with a quick kiss.
“Thanks,” the trickster called as she turned to leave.
“Jude?” the blue-eyed angel whispered softly.
was standing nearby, he would do the exact same thing. Gabriel would wake John up. Not because John deserved it, but because Sammy would be devastated otherwise. And Gabriel would never
“No, I’m not high,” Jude giggled, shaking his head, “I just had a talk with my Grandpa and he reminded me that… that I need to be grateful for what I already have instead of whining about what I don’t.”
“You were there too, weren't you?” Dean breathed, “You helped him do it somehow.”
“For a price,” Crowley replied slyly.
. Oh God! It was happening so fast! Dad and Papa must have seen the color drain from her face in real time, because their smiles dimmed and they quickly got on either side of her.
” Jessica shouted, both in her head and out loud.
” she asked, throwing the message toward her cousin's very soul, “
“Well... When I was a little kid – really young, about maybe five years old – I used to pretend that my mom was away on vacation somewhere really nice, and that she was going to bring home cool presents for me,” Clare began fondly, “Sarah, one of the witches in the coven, told me that was why my mom left her jacket. So that she would have to come back for it later and use it as an excuse to see me again.”
. When Jude saw that their lips were connected, he bashfully turned away with a smile of his own. Oh boy. Seeing his two best friends kiss was going to take some getting used to... When Jessie backed away, she covered her mouth like she was surprised.
“Jess, why don't you go hang out with Aunt Rowena?” he mumbled, “I want to talk to Bobby and Crowley in private for a minute.”
“He's here,” the archangel confirmed, “Fashionably late, as usual, but he's here.”
But the only incentive Jude needed to stay was Clarence himself.
Though she tried to sound persuasive, it came out as a harsh demand. Oliver gulped and instantly stepped into their bedroom, seeming a little intimidated by Jess’s tone. He slowly climbed over all the stuff in the floor to get to their bed, where he hesitated again to look down at his side before carefully climbing in. The feeling of his weight being added to the mattress and the warmth radiating from him comforted Jess more than she thought it would. It was nice to know Ollie was back. Charlie noticed the difference too, because her strawberry-blonde head popped up from the bed and she climbed over Jess to look at him with a big gummy grin.
“I love you, too, Dean.”
“Technically, Cassie and I are
“Gabe's right. You're not doing it,” Dean agreed, “... I am.”
Cas' ocean eyes dropped briefly to the walkie-talkies in Dean's hand, but he met the man's stare again. An understandably bewildered expression crossed the angel's face. It wasn't every day Dean asked for something as bizarre as foreign beer. And Dean really hated sending the angel away – good God, he really hated watching Cas disappear, it hurt like hell every time – but the man only needed a few minutes alone to get everything patched up. Then, the payback could begin...
could handle? What if they didn’t get the names right? What if they were bad parents?
“Cas?” Dean murmured softly.
“Papa,” Jude prayed.
Jessie's statement seemed to seal everything. Though her and Jude's parents weren't there right now, which still broke Jude's heart, it was clear that their dads trusted them. Dad, Papa, Sam, Gabe – they had
“Thanks, Pop,” Jude smiled.
“Sure, Daddy. I like questions,” she nodded and smiled back.
“Dude, do we
Dean could see that Bobby was thinking quickly, probably trying to come up with an excuse for them to have to stay. And Dean felt bad for the old man, who never had much company. Like Bobby had said that very same day, life
, Sam wheezed,
Jessie swallowed again and glanced between Crowley and her uncle Bobby in the hallway. She felt like she understood what her uncle was saying. Bobby might not have been physically related to Clarence, but he was still Clare's father. He took him in, gave him a home, fed him, taught him, loved him. Bobby was Clare's father. And so was Crowley. Jess looked back to the demon on the couch with her head tilted a bit. Why didn't Crowley include himself when talking about Clare's parents? Under Jess and Rowena's stares, Crowley exhaled and rolled back to stare up at the ceiling as he held his own side in pain.
Clarence the way that Jude did. The kid was a walking bundle of love and light. He made Clare feel warm just by being near him. Jude was the gravitational pull that kept Clarence grounded on Earth. Clare didn't deserve him. He really didn't.
“Moo-moo-moo-moo,” Charlie mumbled.
“Adam,” he called.
; because of his and Cas's history. So what, Dean and Cas had killed a few angels? Angels killed each other all the time! Did they really think that Dean and Cas's kid would
Clarence smiled and pet the creature between them.
“Save it.”
“Now, before you go in there, just remember how much you love me, okay, sweetheart?” the archangel squeaked.
“Papa says that one day I can give one of these to somebody special. Somebody I love the same way he loves Dad,” Jude mumbled, “but, I can't think of anyone.”
“Hello love,” he hummed in his delicious accent, letting a smirk tease the edge of his thin lips, “You're a difficult man to find these days. I've been trying to track you down since nine o'clock this morning.”
“That's my boy,” his Father murmured.
On the night that Billie showed up, before going to bed, Dean did something that he hadn’t done since his family first moved into the bunker. He did a full perimeter check. Every single room, top to bottom, with a flashlight in one hand and an angel blade in the other. He put the garage door out of commission and triple bolted the main door – which seemed stupid in hindsight, because Lucifer could fly. But hearing the locks click firmly into place comforted Dean, so it wasn’t a total waste. The last time he’d done a thorough sweep of his home, it was to check out all the cool rooms and figure out where each member of the family was going to crash. Now, it was to make sure the devil wasn’t hiding inside the walls.
“Love you too, Jay,” Clare replied, “Goodnight.”
“Don't you
"It's nice," Jude mumbled.
“Y – you're welcome,” he mumbled bashfully.
“Sorry, moose, but I have no idea,” Gabriel shrugged, looking genuinely apologetic, “I haven't been upstairs for millenniums. Its hard to tell who's in charge and what they want.”
The morning was half over by the time Jessie came out of her room to search for the rest of her family. As usual, the groggy Winchesters were filtering in and out of the kitchen; the source of the heavy aroma of coffee in the air. Uncle Dean, in his robe, was standing by the coffee pot and uncle Cas and Jude were sitting at the table, but Dad, Papa, and Clarence weren't there. Huh. Maybe they all wanted to sleep in today for some reason.
” Lucifer barked.
Jude sat up straighter and watched as Michael laid out two onesies. The first was plain white and the other was plain gray; both simple and sweet. Seeing the clothes laying side-by-side, so small and made of such delicate material, nearly took Jude’s breath away. It was hard to think that in a matter of days, there would be actual bodies in those clothes. Adorable faces to go with the cute outfits. Michael also laid out a small stack of diapers before scratching the back of his head.
“Yep. You're married to Dean, alright. Can't deny that Winchester snark,” she mused.
“What an asshole,” Gabriel mumbled, “Who would want to kill a bunch of sweet-little-ol' grannies like that?”
“Oh, our lass is going to be lovelier than sunshine on a winter's day,” Aunt Rowena's voice swooned, before calling, “Jessica, dearie? Are you ready yet?”
Dean only had enough time to see the gleam of infatuation glow in Crowley's eyes before black smoke surrounded him. He was in the dark for a single second, long enough to be transported to a different place. And it only took him a few more seconds to realize that he had been moved to Rufus's cabin. Dean was suddenly standing inside the familiar living room where the windows were coated in red paint. The sigils were distorted and dripping now, where the rain outside had washed them away.
Jude laid around on his bed for a while and stared at Bumble Bee on his dresser. Being alone was hard, sure. But being alone with this weird feeling in his stomach made it harder. He didn't quite know where it was coming from. Maybe it was the naked lady magazines. Maybe it was the leftover embarrassment from getting caught with said naked lady magazines. Dad had taken Ollie's black bag and hid it out of everyone's reach, so there was no way he could put it to the test now. Maybe it was a touch of jealousy from having to stay home while Jessie went out to have fun... Or maybe it was the way Clarence's evergreen-chestnut eyes seemed to pierce straight into Jude's soul when they passed by each other earlier...
But even as Cas poured the rest of the coffee into Dean's cup, the angel noticed that his husband refused to look at him. Dean's lovely green eyes remained fixed on the mug in his hand, watching the liquid rise with a sense of slight discomfort. Even when the interaction was over, Dean only offered a tiny nod instead of verbal gratitude. His distant behavior was starting to worry Castiel. It seemed as though Dean had been avoiding eye contact with Cas ever since they had that terrible meeting with Meg. But why? Did he blame Castiel for something that she mentioned? Was he upset with Castiel for not doing enough to help?
For the record – as you could probably tell by this chapter – I absolutely
“Is there someone in particular you wish to invite to your wedding, Jude?” Cas gently asked, scrambling to figure it out, “A friend? Celebrity, perhaps? Superman? Or, um... A Prime Minister?”
“I... I thought this might help you get rid of it,” he admitted bashfully.
“Your Papa and I are gonna run downstairs. We forgot something in the SUV,” Sam swiftly lied, “Do you want to stay with the other guys until we get back?”
“She's my daughter, Dean! And she's in pain!” Sam argued.
an old married couple just made it even more hilarious… Jude tapped on Dean’s shoulder to get his attention, to which Dean gladly looked up at his adult son.
these clothes to her and Jude? As wedding presents? Jess looked to her cousin and found that he was equally awed and surprised. Wow, that was the sweetest thing ever... Jess quickly raced over to clobber her soon to be mother-in-law with a giant hug, wrapping her in grateful affection.
Though the greeting was directed at Clarence, the demon didn't respond. Instead, he started taking slow steps through the small crowd to get to the mirror across the room, gently pulling Jude along by the hand. Jude, of course, followed his love to the window, where they both peered in and saw the warlock for the first time.
“Wow. Worst year of your life, huh? What exactly happened this year? Let’s see,” he mumbled in a calm, wholesome voice, “You married your soulmate – which, by the way, was beautiful. Especially when Clare played that song for you at the reception. Did you know he worked for weeks to get it right? And it came out perfect. I loved it.”
He strolled closer to the table so that he could lean down and whisper to Jessie, making his voice sound so welcoming.
“I will give him to Clarence so that we can deliver the girl,” Papa explained.
“Let's go cut some pie and open presents,” he sang.
“Yep. We're heading out at about five o'clock,” Clare nodded.
“Okay,” Jude squeaked, feeling the urge to give himself a pep talk before he freaked out, “I’m gonna be myself… My
Castiel's eyes narrowed more forcefully at the angel as he held a wobbly, blood-soaked blade in front of the whimpering baby in his arms. Metatron was right. Soon, Castiel was going to die and there would be no one to stop him from taking Dean and Cas's son for himself.
Jessie giggled and hopped out of her seat to take his arm, giving a slight curtsy.
“See you in a few minutes, Pop,” he promised warmly.
you’ll find this… but I wanted to make sure it existed just in case… Well, just in case something happens to me.”
- and huffed a breath of frustration. Ugh! He was so close! He had to try again.
“I... I can't really remember the whole thing... But I know
Jude raised his head at uncle Gabe's voice, but only shrugged to answer. He didn't really want to say his bad thoughts out loud. But uncle Gabe seemed really worried about him, because he sat up straight and reached out to pat Jude's knee again.
Jude and Jessica shared a woeful look. Nope. That didn't sound anything like the man who stabbed Crowley.
, Dad! I'm not supposed to be here! I'm not supposed to clean up the messes that you make! I'm supposed to be starting the rest of my life with Jessica! But no, you couldn't even let me do that! God, I'm so
He carefully removed the shirt from Gibson’s head, raking a hand through the kid’s shaggy hair afterward to smooth it out. In the meantime, Gibson stole the shirt from Jude’s hand.
“Cas would never hurt Jude on purpose. It’s just the birth, you know? It’s supposed to be painful,” Mom mentioned.
“Wh – what is this?”
Clare was surprised when Meg turned to look at him. Looking at Clare's face must have given her the extra push she needed to agree.
“Well, cut the convo short and bring it on home, Dean-o. Don't make me fact check you, 'cause I will,” the archangel warned.
Everyone nodded blandly, glad to know how the process worked – except for Ollie. His mouth was open and there was a smile twitching on the corners of his mouth.
"I'll do my best," Castiel promised.
“Well,” Gabe mumbled with a shrug, “If I was a betting angel, I'd say it's because someone wanted to keep us here.”
“Sunshine!” he grinned, staring at her like she was the prettiest thing in the world, “Holy crap, I missed you, baby girl!”
"Then I'm staying." Cas said as he put his forehead against Dean's, and caught his eye. "I'll stay as long as you want me by your side." And with that he planted a soft kiss on Deans mouth.
Tryin' to keep from raising my voice"
"It can get better then this Cas."
"You know what bitch" Dean snaps back at Sam, "you can get the fuck out. Door's right there."
With the will to look away
Cas knows he's close, but wants to feel Dean come on his dick. He rakes his nails down Deans back and smacks his ass. He feels around for the lube, but in the activities its lost. "Lick my hand, nice and wet Dean."
He sits down at the desk and looks around, unsure were to begin. Maybe some music will calm the noise in his head, so he pushes play on the tape deck, and music fills the air.
Why don't you stay?"
"Out Sam!" Dean yells pointing a finger to the door.
They both collapse spent on the bed. Cas pulls out of Deans ass and lays down. Pulling Dean closer. He knows this is the best time to get Dean to admit his real problem, "I don't know why you ever doubt me, Dean. I spent my existence in Heaven laying waste to enemies. I can manage a simple hunt".
Couldn't barely talk
"Thanks Cas. Seriously. If he wakes up, call me, please?"
Two texts and three missed calls from Cas. And a single text from Dean. He checks Dean's message first, and all else fades.
"Okay, Cas?"
"Cas, you aren't going in first! We go in together or not at all!" shouts Dean.
"Hello, Dean. I just wanted to let you know I'm on my way out." He hears Dean sigh. "Why are you telling me?".
"Commander! Please, Commander. I need you to fuck me."
He slides it into the tape deck and music fills the car. He's missed hearing Dean's voice. But that's not the soul reason he decided on that tape. After flipping through Dean's personal journal he realizes there's more then one song written in its pages. And the curiosity has finally gotten the best of him. He needs to know if Dean recorded any more of them on this tape.
"Fuck! Deeeeaaannn." And Castiel's hands come up, pulls Dean's face to his and smashes their lips together.
"My wings are fully functional again, Dean.  If I get in a 'tight spot' I can fly out. This is the safest course of action." Damn angel and his air quotes, Dean will not admit to finding adorable.
"Im going!" Sam snaps as he closes the door.
Cas pushed Dean up and pulled the button down off his arms, followed by his undershirt. "Fuck Cas. Definitely to many damn layers."
You were watching over me
As if Cas was listening anyways. He knows he fucked up this time, royally. But its just another in a long list of Dean Winchester fuck-ups, isn't it? Took Cas longer then most to leave him. And he deserves every bit of it. It was only a matter of time before Sam left, too. He has Eileen now.
There on the bed, on his side, is Dean. From the doorway Sam can tell something is wrong, very wrong. Dean has a blue tint to his lips and no viable signs of life.
Empty beer bottles have fallen and gathered around the garbage can, empty whiskey bottles lined up like soldiers beside the bed. Take out containers half full, and dirty clothes spread around. "Jesus, Dean." Sam mutters as he picks up a half eaten- something- from under the bed.
Someday, months or years from now, he will come back for the records, the turn table and maybe a few other things. He'll spend a few day's wondering the bunker halls and falling apart. But for now he carries Dean's heart in his pocket. And slips out the door to Eileen's. Where he spends many nights having nightmares and fighing himself. Until his son comes along and he finds a new focus in life. Sam knows someday he will find Dean in heaven. And with any luck, Cas too.
"What happened? I mean between the two of you? I know Dean was being a ass.  And I know you left. But, why?"
Dean wraps his arms around Castiels shoulders and pulls him in for kiss, Cas grinds his hips down and Dean moans into his mouth.
Castiel's hole spasms, tightens up and sends Dean over the edge. "Oh God, Cas." Deans arm's give out, and he lays on Cas' chest. He can hear Cas taking quick breaths in his ear, so he pulls out and grabs a rag to clean them up. When he's finished he climbs back in the bed, pulls Cas close and kisses his shoulder.
The next leather bound journal Sam doesn't recognize. He can tell its old. Well used. Opening it to the first page, Dean's hand and a date tells him this was purchased while Sam was at Stanford.
...In the bottom drawer of the night stand he finds a bottle of Wellburtin, and wonders just how long Deans been trying to medicate this all away.
Always been the weapon of choice
I was never really free
"Is this your tape, Cas? This seems a little newer for Deans tastes."
"That's so not the point Cas, we all agreed, no more going off half cocked and dying! End of discussion."
Sam's attention is ripped from the book and to the cassette deck. He's never heard Dean sing, not really. And he doesn't recognize the song. As it plays and Dean sings, among the stumble over words and the sound of pages flipping, Sam realizes Dean must have written this.
"Fuck yes, Sir...Commander." Dean says between harsh pants. He reaches down to take his cock in hand, Cas smacks his hand away "Now, Dean, I thought you wanted me to fuck you" he says as he cups Deans balls in his hand.
Cas then turns his attention to the sleeping man in front of him. His eye is drawn to the lone boot Dean is still wearing. He makes quick work of removing it, he covers Dean with his blanket and takes a seat in the chair Sam just vacated.
"I've uh, I've known since purgatory. Things were just so crazy and Cas, I didn't think I was good enough. I didn't think you could love me.  Not after the things I did in the pit. Not after what I put you through. And later,  the things I did as a Demon. I was to dirty for someone so pure. To broken and angry for something so bright."
That'll let me be
"Dean, are you delusional? I dont think the substances have totally left your system. Because you are talking nonsense. Im not here to reject you or kill you.  Im not even aloud in heaven, as you well know. Im here because you sent some disturbing messages and I was worried. Good thing because you clearly did something stupid....How dare you? Apologize, say you love me, then do this?!"
"I know it's late, I know you're weary
"No shit, Cas!" Sam snapped. "Can you clear his system? Wake him up?"
"I like hearing you say that, Dean. Maybe after tonight you won't forget again. Will you?"
"I'm sorry it took me so long."
Without the will to breathe...."
We've got tonight babe
Sam turns back to Dean's journal. Tears are rolling down his face, and he wonders when exactly he started crying. He takes a chance and turns to the last few pages, there he finds the words he just heard his brother sing, written haphazardly on a page. Scribbled out lines, arrows directing lines change.
"Please, Cas."
Cas can feel the tension rolling off Dean again. "I'll stay as long as you want me to."
As Sam listens through he starts to understand the life he thought Dean loved, took a huge toll on him. Few good things came out of it. The same as Eileen being Sam's silver lining, Cas must have been Dean's.
A surge of awe rippled through Lucifer’s grace. After everything he had done – countless murders, manipulations, tortures, plagues, famines, floods, all of the sins – one of his enemies
“Death?” he repeated, shaking his head, “How the hell are we supposed to get Death to break a curse?”
the little curly red hairs popping up from the collar of his Scooby Doo shirt. Oh, just thinking about Oliver's broad, hairy chest and tight ab muscles made her ache. She wanted him so bad! She couldn't resist the urge to have him!
Of course, neither of the angels' faces made any kind of expression. They only stared more forcefully at Dean with their fists clenched.
. Those were Gabriel's
Jessie raised her head and glanced away with a smile to quietly ponder her options. In the meantime, Sam admired his daughter's small features. Man, she was so beautiful. From her blonde head to her tiny toes, which wiggled in Sam's lap as she thought. Sam couldn't help but think back to when she was born and he first counted those toes. All ten of them in a fidgety row, unbelievably small against Sam's huge hands...
Clare's bedroom door swung open, bringing the muffled conversation to a louder volume.
had two daddies. Then, me and Mommy could have a spare one.”
“Gibson,” Clare said out loud.
“Wh – what?” he asked, sounding utterly confused as his eyes drank in the sight of her nudity.
Apparently, the bald principal had been right. Their family wasn't normal at all.
The room was silent for a few seconds because everyone was too afraid to talk out of fear of being the target of Cas's unyielding wrath. Luckily, Sam seemed to find the courage to be the first to reply.
“So, it’s settled. Sam, Jude, and I will go pick up some grub while everyone else hangs out here,” Gabe announced.
Dean wasn’t tired, that’s for sure. He spent that whole night making rounds through his son’s house to check on everyone. Sammy, Cas, and Meg sat at the kitchen table together, drinking and muttering every so often. Oliver and Jessica were curled on the couch together, fast asleep in each other’s arms. Jess didn’t close her eyes until after Gabriel kissed her head, and Dean was pretty sure the archangel had used his grace to put her to sleep. Gabriel himself stayed planted in front of the couch most of the night, with one hand on the bassinet that held Charlie. He was like a momma bear, keeping guard of his children.
Sam and Gabriel were already up and standing in the kitchen in their PJs. Sammy was yawning and pouring himself a cup of coffee at the counter, seeming tired. And Gabriel was wearing a set of fake bunny ears and standing at the stove, flipping pancakes. Dickie, their horny little Jack Russell Terrier, was sniffing around a small basket on the floor. It was full of dog bones and treats, obviously meant for him. But two much larger baskets were placed on the kitchen table. One for Jude and one for Jess, both stuffed to the max with toys and candy. Throughout the week leading up to Easter, Dean and Cas had carefully constructed Jude's basket – while Sam and Gabe made Jess's, of course – filling it with everything they knew their child loved. And it was so good to see the smile on Jude's face when he looked at it.
“What's up, Pinky?” Gabriel suddenly blurted, staring directly at Dean, “Did you and baby-bird squeeze in a quickie before moseying on down here? The two of you smell like sin and pie.”
Dean seemed a little hesitant to let the mouthy demon-boy stay in the bunker. And Sam was too. He didn't want that jerk loitering around his teenage daughter. But after sighing angrily and cursing under his breath, Dean seemed to give in.
“You look great today,” he complimented, voice low and dripping with seduction.
“You should try spicing things up,” Jane suggested as she stepped over to wrap an arm around Kate's shoulder, “Remind him who he fell in love with. Show him you're still the girl he knew back in high school. Some wine, candles, and a little lingerie should do the trick.”
Jude dashed back out of the room and ran to his own, where he immediately dove into his dresser and began pulling out various clothes. Jessica went to her own dresser as well, to comb through the items inside while constantly pushing the golden hair out of her eyes. Castiel glanced back and forth in the hallway between the two children and smiled again before starting back toward his and Dean's bedroom. Since Jude and Jessica were getting dressed, the angel figured that he might as well do the same, since he was only wearing a robe and undergarments.
they speak for her! Jessica was an adult now! She didn't have to take orders from them anymore! She was old enough and mature enough to make her own decisions! Luckily, Aunt Rowena seemed to be thinking the exact same thing, because she stood up from the table and crossed her arms.
But it wasn’t exactly the worst. It couldn’t be. Because, by some miracle, Cas was still here. And that precious angel was the only thing keeping it from being Dean’s personal Hell.
Crowley rolled his eyes but grinned, shaking his head and snuggling deeper into Bobby's arms.
“No, wait, hold on, it's okay,” Dean soothed, using the lightest voice possible, “Jude, Daddy knows how you feel. I didn't like flying either. But a long time ago, uncle Sammy helped me get on an airplane and I flew with him. And then Papa came along and helped get used to it, too... What I'm trying to say is that it's okay if you're afraid of flying right now. But Papa and I are here to help you not be afraid anymore. We're gonna help you get comfortable with it, so that you can do it just like Jessie does.”
“Technically, the spell will apply to everyone in this room. Not just your son,” Crowley corrected, finally raising his head again.
“Of course,” Bethany nodded politely and headed toward the front door with her clipboard, “I’ll be just outside if you have any questions.”
“You and Ollie-pop are going to have the best date ever,” Papa said, bending down to wrap her into a hug so that he could whisper, “I promise. Seriously. I'm not going to let your Dad anywhere near the festival. You're gonna have the time of your life.”
Sam exhaled woefully. There had to be some way that he could cheer Gabriel up. The man took the time to cradle both sides of the archangel’s small head and tilt it back up. Sam looked down into the honey colored eyes he had adored for many years and put on his softest smile.
Dean didn’t fully understand the concept of feeling lonely until he was in the king’s quarters by himself.
The husbands shared one more powerful kiss before letting each other go to get dressed. They both chose to wear casual t-shirts and jeans, which Jude was grateful for. He still hated being the center of attention, even on his birthday.
Dean nodded, lifted his mug, and took another sip of warm coffee as he watched Clarence, Rowena, and Crowley interact in front of them.
The only reply Lucifer got was his own echo bouncing back to him. And it pissed him off even further. There was a part of him that wanted to speak with God before he killed him; get some answers to why he had been abandoned in the cage for so long. Why he wasn’t shown mercy like the rest of his siblings. Would God not even spare him that decency?
“Uh, yeah. I've written at least sixty-six of them. With a little help of course,” he answered with a wink.
“Thanks, Jay. I love you too,” Clare quickly replied.
“Fabio? The guy on the cover of all the romance novels?” Papa asked with a grin.
“Really?” he whispered, “How?”
Dean gladly took the gift and began to open it, tossing Bobby a glance in the meantime. The old man was watching pridefully with a soft smile burrowed beneath his beard as Dean lifted the gift out of the wrapping paper. At first, Dean thought it was a duffel bag with dark military-style camouflage print and a super long shoulder strap. But then, after he turned it around and opened the top flap, Dean realized that it was a diaper bag; a really
.' Because the angel had recently taken up a few lessons in dominance and, to be perfectly honest, Dean would have loved to hear him say it. But Cas didn't respond with words. Instead, he briefly stepped toward the bed and reached behind it to retrieve a box. It was a black leather carrying case by the looks of its length and make up. But even from a single glance, Dean knew that it couldn't be a gun. The box was too big for a handgun and too small for a rifle. It looked more like a carrying case for an instrument, like a flute or clarinet. Oh, great. What was Dean supposed to do with a freakin' flute?
“I know so,” Papa replied. He raised up and turned to look at Dad and say, “Pour that java in a travel cup, Moose. We've gotta deliver this bunny and her date to the farm pronto.”
Cas nods and says "Thank you, Sam. I'll go attempt to reason with him."
He's not sure which he wants, his tolerance is pretty damn high, and he knows it. So he decides fuck it, just dump and swallow. A double shot of Jack each handful to wash them down.
After the room is at least semi habitable, Sam decides he should check the drawers, if Dean had those pills in here, who knows what else he's hiding. It feels wrong going through his brothers things. But at this point, he feels its the only options he has.
The silence stretches as Dean tries to look anywhere but Castiel's face.
Sam flips to the last page and finds the last thing Dean wrote, in the journal
He flips the key and she comes alive under his hands. She still sounds like a dream. Dean would be proud of the way Sam has kept her up. For the first time since he pulled it from the tape deck in the bunker, all those months ago, Sam digs the tape from Dean's room out of the glove box. Where he put it away from the rest of Dean's collection.
As he opens the door, softly Dean asks, "Please, tell me this is real? And that you're coming back."
"Finally home
This book is a insight to Dean, one Sam would have never gotten from the man himself. It details the heartbreaks Dean never let on. Every time Cas died, and Dean struggled. When Sam died and Dean felt like he failed. The year he lived with Lisa and 'pretended' to be normal.
Cas leans and Dean meets him in the middle to kiss his lips. Dean slides a second finger in and Cas moans again. Dean feels like he's gonna explode. He starts scissoring his fingers to stretch Cas. When the times right he adds a third finger and strokes Castiel's prostate. Cas almost bucks him off on the floor. "Dean. Please. Do that again."
This paper and pen
Sometime later Sam finds himself startling awake, even though he doesnt remember falling asleep. "You should go lay down in your own bed, Sam. I'm sufficiently rested to be able to watch over Dean. You clearly need sleep."
"Cas, what the fu-" anything more Dean had to say was stopped by Castiel's lips meeting his, and a lap full of angel. It wasn't the fireworks and explosions Dean read about in books. It was a weight lifted off his shoulders. It was a feeling of finally being at peace. It was a home he had never known before. A few seconds lapsed and Cas started to pull away, but Dean sprung into action and grabbed the sides of Castiel's face, pulling him in. He felt Cas gasp against his lips and decided that was a feeling he would love to experience again.
In his own bed, in the closest thing to home he's ever had, other then Baby, playing Zep. What a way to go. Not the blaze of gunfire and glory he imagined. But maybe it's better this way. He lays and waits for the darkness to finally take over. His last prayer is "I love you, Cas."
Dean chuckles as he lubes up his dick "I know angel, but I promise this will be better." Dean lines up and pushes in slowly. When he's bottomed out, both he and Castiel are breathing heavy. And Cas has a death grip on the sheets at his side.
