Three years ago, at an abandoned pool at midnight, he'd watched shock fade to horror when he'd opened his coat, movements dictated by the sing-song voice in his ear, slowed by the cold feeling in his stomach.
He had no idea – but if someone else in Mayfair knew him and saw him on a regular basis, they weren't coming forward.
“Precisely!” Sherlock snapped, flinging his arms wide, and John had to bite down on a pointed remark, knowing if Sherlock caught it in his expression, the detective would ignore it. His talent for self-deception was almost as great as his talent for the observation of others – and John didn’t
"What was that?" John asked as they strode out of the hospital. He was hurrying to keep up with Sherlock's quick pace, looking up at the detective, squinting slightly in the weak December sun.
and may not reflect any previously held opinions or preferences. And you seem to be doing surprisingly well for yourselves; you've already determined where he may come from."
"Things are fine, Harry," John replied, surprised at how little it took for him to believe that today. She cast him a quick glance and John sighed, offsetting the expression with a small smile. "Really, they are."
"No," Sherlock agreed. Mary Morstan had made him a promise, after all – he'd never see her again. "To Mycroft." He flashed Bridget a smile, brittle and cold. "I'm sure he'll be delighted to see you."
"Don't be absurd, John. I'm not travelling all the way to France to deal with a gem that probably fell victim to some employee with sticky fingers."
"Yes, I'm sure," John laughed. "We're all having one, no need for you to be left out. We'll take another," he said to the young man. "Whatever she wants."
"Will you tell me what it is?" John asked. The detective scowled, slumping down further into the bath water, turning his face deliberately toward the wall. With a sigh, John sat back, letting dripping hands hang over the side of the tub.
"I was in the army," he replied, folding his arms to rest on the back of the chair, earning a side-long glower. "And a trauma surgeon. Showering's not exactly a private activity. Or a long one."
John lurched to the left when Alexandre weakened suddenly, doubling over to cough, still holding Sherlock, but barely. John and Bridget managed to stabilize Sherlock, to keep from dropping him, but it was costing them precious seconds, continuing their exposure to the smoke.
"He wasn't shot close enough to the top of the stairs to have fallen down them, or at least not that far on his own. He was deliberately pushed."
Donovan recognized Doctor William Bannerjee as soon as she saw him. She could identify many of the central London A&E doctors on sight – as long as they were in their scrubs and lab coats and had stethoscopes around their necks. The doctor looked tired – hard to say if that was because he was nearing the end of his shift, though. In the Donovan's experience, A&E doctors always looked tired, especially when they were dealing with the police. It added a nice extra layer of complication to their jobs. But she didn't miss the flicker of relief in Bannerjee's eyes – the doctor was happy to hand off this problem to the police. Donovan would have been happy to reroute it to someone else. She wondered what their John Doe would think of being bounced around the system.
"Do it!" John ordered in a hard voice, one that Sherlock rarely heard. Donovan stared half a moment longer then nodded, the movement choppy and abrupt. She spun and jogged away, barking out instructions.
He wasn't fussing, but he'd never really been inclined to, and she hoped he stayed that way. She counted herself lucky to have an easy baby – according to her father, she'd been very demanding, but that hardly surprised her. Occasionally she wondered if Aaron got it from
"What sort of information do you imagine I'll get from a man with no memory? Any deductions I make will be based entirely on what he's thinking
"No you don't," John contradicted softly. He heard Sherlock shift, then quiet inhalation that came before speaking, but he cut his husband off. "You don't, not really. You expect it – but with you, when it happens, it's because someone is playing a game with you.
"It could be disastrous, yes," Sherlock said. "Particularly given my link to the British government."
And now his body was far too much in charge, trapping him in this weakened, encumbered cage, and he couldn’t even turn to the sharpness of his mind as a consolation.
Halfway up the flight, she caught a whiff of roasted garlic and rosemary and her stomach perked up at the idea. She smiled slightly to herself – their neighbours across the hall were also avid cooks. She wondered what they'd made until she realized with a jolt that the smells were coming from her own flat. She paused in surprise on the last step and inhaled again. The scent permeated the air, filling her nostrils, making her stomach rumble.
There was a troubled undercurrent in Dublin, one that bubbled well below the level on which most people lived their lives, leaving them unaware and, if they were lucky, untouched.
So, dutifully, he rang Mitchell’s solicitor, and made an appointment with Mitchell and the lawyer to come to him. In a way, it made things easier. He was in an environment he controlled, and no matter how powerful Mitchell was, any visitor to Scotland Yard always felt a little uneasy. Something about all the secure rooms and areas with no mobile coverage.
the skies would take the words and spread them, but there were no skies here, just the same walls repeated above and below so Sherlock could collect everything and keep it safe and
"Come and sit down," she said softly. He let himself be guided to the sofa and sank down, feeling absurdly grateful. Lightheadedness made him lean forward slightly, bracing his arms on his knees. Sandra crouched down in front of him and her eyes flickered over his face. She was assessing his health. Like John would. The realization made him feel sick and weak and he closed his eyes, dropping his head into his hands.
He hadn't had time, of course – but it should have been the first thing he'd done when he got home. He'd failed to ensure their safety. John's safety. He'd been lulled by the trip, and his sock index had seemed so important.
your name. I'm not trying to make you feel guilty. I just want to remember it. I want to keep it alive in our family."
to occupy his attention, or to distract him when he had no desire to concentrate. Admittedly, there had been a number of distractions at his beck and call if he'd wanted them, one of the perks of having a series of lovers without any attachments. There were days that, despite himself, he missed that freedom.
a game. Or had been. A risky one, where every step had been on thin ice, and he despised admitting to himself that he'd become entangled. He should have known better, so soon after Moriarty and the pool, and he felt his own disdain for becoming involved so much more keenly than Mycroft's disapproval.
"I remember wanting to shout at you to shoot him, that it had to end there, that it didn't matter what happened to me. Then I remember him telling you to choose. I remember that happening after you shot him but it couldn't have. You must have shot him after that." He looked back at Sherlock for confirmation and the detective nodded. Sam closed his eyes and tilted his head back.
Sherlock stiffened again, muscles tightening under John's fingers, and the doctor pulled away slowly, resting their foreheads together. Sherlock's pupils were slightly dilated but there was an uncertain set to his features. John let his hand slide down to Sherlock's knee, a slightly more neutral touch.
"Let me begin by passing on my client's apologies." She avoided referring to herself – her supposed 'client' – as his sister, correctly judging that it would make him completely unreceptive. "She is very sorry for the distress you suffered."
"No," he said, his voice laced with fatigue. "Like those." He pointed upwards vaguely, to the humming fluorescent lights above them.
The tension dissipated suddenly and John heard Sherlock whisper a quiet “oh”, relief washing through the doctor as Sherlock abruptly remembered where he was and how to get home from there. Silently and without really trying, John passed the lead to Sherlock, letting the detective get them back to Baker Street.
, he thought. He remembered his own time in the hospital and how much easier it had been to deal with the doctors and nurses because he was a doctor. He understood what they meant, he could read his chart, he knew the language. He realized he could not at all imagine what it would be like to have no frame of reference – or how terrifying that must be.
He sent the text, biting his lip as he watched the screen, the relief at seeing John typing making him weak again.
Grey eyes raked over his face and John let them, keeping still under the scrutiny, letting Sherlock see whatever he needed to. His partner's expression was unreadable for a long moment, then relaxed by degrees as long fingers tightened around his.
"It's about my leg." That should garner enough interest; the shooting and the injury were part of his medical record, which Morstan would obviously have access to. It would get John's attention too, and Gabriel suspected it might need actual medical attention anyway. He was dutiful in keeping up the physiotherapy regime, but the pressure change when he travelled by air still bothered the old wound, even now. He might be due for some more physio, or at very least, some peace of mind.
There was more this time, and there had been a time when more had been normal but time slipped away, taking the rest with it and leaving only Sherlock. Usually only Sherlock. Who was still here, like a bright beacon, or a solid rock, but the
More than once, he’d found himself on the stairs, uncertain if he was coming or going, or even if he’d just been going downstairs to Mrs. Hudson’s old flat. Each time, he’d climb back up to their flat and keep silent about it, although John so obviously knew and didn’t want to push it – and Sherlock hated that, wanted to be prodded and pestered until he just bloody well remembered whatever he’d meant to do and could get on with it.
John took a moment of petty revenge, leaving the body exposed briefly before tossing the sheet back over it, covering it back up with Molly's help.
John gestured for Sherlock to keep speaking and with a scowl, the detective did so. He outlined his recently completed case, ignoring John's rolled eyes. He ran through theories regarding the cases he knew Sam was currently investigating, pointing out that he could provide more relevant conclusions if he was given access to data. He was about to start a consideration of continuity errors in
"Lestrade came in three times. He stayed no more than a minute each time. He also drove us to your flat."
"And for neglecting to tell you," Sherlock said. It was only partly a lie. "It hardly seemed important."
John dropped his head with a harsh sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sherlock waited, tense, chest tight.
Which was why the man who gazed back at him was composed and unconcerned, reflecting none of the anger and the fear over what Sherlock had accidentally done to himself the day before, nor the annoyance that he had to confront that stupidity today. It was also why he put on a smile – a genuine one – when Sandra slipped into the bathroom as he was fastening his cufflinks.
"Thanks," he murmured tiredly. John raised his eyebrows as he put the glass aside – there was something. Doe had done that without thinking. He wondered if anyone else had noted the ingrained social nicety. How far back did habits have to go to so close to instinct that they weren't lost? How much had he retained that most people would not even notice as significant?
He squirmed a bit in her arms, accidentally smacking her arm, and Irene stood, carrying him into the playroom, laying him on the colourful mat and watching his attention be distracted by the soft arch with dangling toys.
cared. He'd wanted to hurt him, to get Sherlock back for hurting him. It was childish but it had felt good in a primal, visceral way. John had felt a snarling satisfaction when he'd looked back and realized how frantic Sherlock had been when he'd walked out on him.
It probably wouldn't matter much, but Sherlock wanted to absolve John of as much responsibility in this as he could.
He eased up, feeling the shudder that ran through Sherlock's body in response, and let his fingers drop back down, passing teasingly over Sherlock's balls. A deeper shudder made John smile, and he kissed Sherlock again, using the touch to keep his partner quiet as he tickled and scratched his nails lightly over the fabric of Sherlock's trousers.
Cheryl was waiting for him in the car – a not unexpected occurrence, since protecting him was her job, but Sherlock had not been anticipating was rage seared across her features.
If Jim hadn't covered his tracks so well, they would have caught a hint of her somewhere – even just a passing remark or stray thread – when they had taken down his empire.
"No," Sherlock murmured, feeling the tug of something at the back of his mind, annoyed at the trivial necessities that required him to keep talking. "The universe is rarely so lazy."
–” Sherlock tipped his head back; John followed it, catching the soft moan in a kiss as he slid a slick finger into his partner. “On a regular basis,” Sherlock managed as John stroked in and out slowly, relaxing the muscle enough to slide a second finger in.
The apparent star of the show made his way to the next house and disappeared again for a few minutes. Baffled, John watched him make his rounds. He could feel Sherlock's warm breath ghosting against the top of his head, brushing the tender and swollen bruises, but the sensation wasn't uncomfortable. John resisted the urge to shift or to ask what Sherlock had noticed that he hadn't. Mycroft had brought this for him, so presumably it had something to do with John Riley, but he had no idea what.
"Please don't, John," Sherlock sighed. John hesitated, biting his lower lip. If Sherlock had moved at all, curled up on his side facing away from him, sat up against the headboard and sulked, John would have reconsidered. The softness in his voice and his stillness made the doctor nod. Sherlock needed to be alone now.
"We are," Sherlock said, extending her a photograph of Georges. Her eyes flickered down to it, expression neutral at first, shifting almost immediately to alarm, and John shifted beside him, not touching Sherlock but the movement catching part of his awareness, reading it for the response, noting the proximity.
Still, the tour through his life was instructive; he was clearly looking for a personal sense of each nurse he meant to interview. Vaguely, Mary wondered what he would take way from the perfectly crafted, imperfect person she was online.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and John smiled at the expression, heading into the kitchen to fetch himself a beer then returning to the living room to settle into his chair.
"Don't bloody look for Amanda, because she's not here," John snapped. "And she's the only one who doesn't know you well enough not to take pity on you."
And they would because where else would they go? Locked in his mind, locked in Sherlock's. Sherlock could scoop them up because there were only two here, in the darkness that wasn't always dark, with the scent of soap and water, of cologne – two kinds, one weaker, faded, put on earlier, one given to him now, and he could smell it like fresh air, like open skies and
He'd been wrong about any lingering anger on John's part. Sherlock might have been annoyed at how expertly John had played him, if he'd had any energy left for it. As it was, he couldn't be bothered to muster the response, still half lost in a blissful haze, sated by John's smell and taste.
Charles gave a brief nod; Irene met his gaze and raised an eyebrow. She understood the concern of course – it wasn't just for her, but for Aaron as well. And for Charles himself.
He slept alone again now, but not by choice this time. Sherlock was barely sleeping, only snatches here and there. John would occasionally find him passed out on the sofa and would tuck a blanket around him, unwilling to settle down with him again lest it wake him up. He didn't want to push his luck. The bed felt large and empty.
John shook off those thoughts; he was in a maudlin mood today. Not surprising, really – he had been all week.
Sam looked somewhat better than the last time Sherlock had seen him. The circles under his eyes weren't as deep and he wasn't holding himself quite as rigidly. He still did not look like Sherlock's mental image of
He caught John's grunt in his mouth when he spun the doctor around, pinning him against the counter. Sherlock dug his fingers into dense thigh muscles, gripping hard and lifting, helped by his partner's hands planted on the counter's surface. He fumbled on the buttons of the shirt John was wearing, then abandoned that in favour of dispensing with the black briefs. They were kicked aside as surgeon's fingers hooked into the elastic waist of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms, sending the silk to puddle around his ankles.
He managed to shave and change before the Irish inspector arrived but judging by her expression, he looked about as rough as he felt. John waved Morgan into Sherlock's chair as Mrs. Hudson – who had seen Morgan upstairs – puttered about, making tea and ensuring that John was comfortable.
"You weren't carrying one when you came in," John confirmed. "It doesn't mean you don't have one. You didn't have a wallet, either, and you definitely own one of those. But we could identify you by your phone and wallet. You'd keep things like credit cards – for buying things – and maybe a driver's permit in there, if you drive. But that– I'm not a neurologist, but I think that was a very good sign."
"Ha!" Sherlock muttered, flopping his long body into a chair. John let the grey-eyed glare slide right past him.
He could understand why Sherlock was feeling anxious and tetchy – this wasn't just about his appearance. The detective wasn't used to dealing with a number of emotional issues at once. If he had his way, he'd never deal with any at all –
Lassalle shook her head before he could answer again, or before John could elbow him in the ribs to prevent him for a helpful remark that would hurry this whole thing along.
John raised an eyebrow when Sherlock's mind seemed to catch up with his words, and the detective cleared his throat.
"We'll both go," Sherlock said with an assurance that indicated he hadn't even considered that John wouldn't accompany him. John resisted rolling his eyes – he would have gone anyway. He wanted to assess Mycroft's health for himself, and it was probably the only way Sherlock was going to get a straight answer about his brother's injuries and recovery.
"God save us," John muttered and Sherlock rolled his eyes. He gestured with his head for John to follow and trailed David toward Mycroft's room and its contingent of military and police guards.
, Lestrade thought. There were actually a number of strategically placed CCTV cameras guarding the entrances to the construction site – and somewhere, unseen, someone was probably very vigilantly manning them now that the police were there.
"One of the household staff. Or so I was told. Mycroft was there before me, and the military police."
"Yes," he replied. "An occupied body bag. Unless I'm very much mistaken, we've just found the real Richard Douglas."
"Look at your left hand," Sherlock said. Sam frowned at him then let his gaze drop reluctantly. "Now tell me what you think you said."
Sherlock wasn't entirely willing to concede any blame in this yet; John had taken the tablets from Sherlock's medicine cabinet, after all, and hadn't asked what they were before administering them. The melatonin bottle was a ruse, and John had no reason to assume that Irene had provided Sherlock with illegally obtained drugs.
"What?" the doctor asked, but Sherlock had that familiar far-away and focused look that told John ideas were slotting into place too quickly for him to speak them out loud. "Sherlock."
John looked down again quickly and checked the body for bruising, needle- or ligature marks or any other signs he'd been hurt or held before being killed.
For a single endless moment, John had thought the sinister, suited man meant Sherlock before realizing that "Mister Holmes" was reserved for Mycroft.
She didn't think he'd ever notice her, because who was she? She was just Sandra Casey. She wasn't tall or stylish or interesting like the popular girls and she wanted to be a nurse, which probably sounded really boring and stupid to someone like Matthew Demery.
John knew the first case Sherlock took without him – when he couldn't get away from work, no matter what he tried – would make him a bundle of nerves, but he looked forward to it as much as he dreaded it. Sherlock was Sherlock again, flirting with danger and throwing his brilliance in the face of whoever tried to outsmart him, walking away from all of it, triumphant.
"John," Sherlock said and the tone of his voice had changed entirely. The manic energy had gone; he was no longer monologuing and using John as a sounding board. John felt the whole weight of the detective's genius suddenly focused solely on him.
John snarled, fingers curling into Sherlock’s hair at the base of his skull and tugging hard, and Sherlock came with a startled shout, nowhere to go as his orgasm swept through him at the same time as John’s, the doctor’s hand working them both through it roughly until the world went grey around the edges of Sherlock’s vision, pleasure peaking without any hint of breaking.
, John! Two hours ago we didn't know that Amélie Lassalle and Mary Morstan were the same person. We didn't know who Georges' biological sister was."
But he could probably count on both hands how many times he’d actually won out against Sherlock Holmes.
He wrenched his arm away, ignoring her, intent only on Sherlock. How long had it been since the gunshot? He tried to calculate quickly, to estimate blood loss, but time seemed distorted, standing still and roaring past at the same time.
The sound of Sherlock's voice right behind him made John start and he fumbled to catch hold of his laptop to keep it from hitting the floor.
John shut the front door and breathed a sigh of relief as the quiet warmth enveloped him. It wouldn't last, he knew – it was only a few seconds before the sounds of the street outside began to filter back in, but they were muted, removed. He closed his eyes briefly, savouring the feeling of
"The Yard," he said in a worn voice, slumping down a bit against the wall, pushing his right foot against Sherlock's left to brace himself, appearing not to notice he was doing so. His gaze drifted away again, blank for a moment. Then he shuddered hard and they both steadied him carefully, keeping him upright. Sam exhaled a rapid sigh then sucked in another breath, tilting his head back, closing his eyes.
"I know," John said, then grimaced. "But it's already worse than last week, and last week was worse than the week before. How long before I forget what it's like to feel good and think that pain is normal? No," he shook his head. "No."
"I didn't say he doesn't get results," Donovan replied. "Thanks for this. Do you mind sending me anything else you might get?"
are going home to get some sleep." He held up a hand to forestall the argument that was forming on John's lips. "You have work in the morning, John, and you're of no use to me half asleep, which you have been almost this entire time. You're also of no use to your patients in this state, as you've often pointed out. Go home."
Sherlock extended Lestrade's phone, which he was still holding, and John took it. He glanced down at the picture and then dropped his head back, closing his eyes. On the pavement above, their killer had drawn two ovals in permanent marker – one complete one, one that was missing the top half, the break delineated by a jagged line. On the complete one, he'd even drawn little stick arms and legs.
"That isn't really surprising," he said. "It's hard to feel a connection with a name when you have no memories associated with it. It will come back with time."
Of course, that wasn't particularly surprising. The fact that Georges hadn't cared to investigate his biological father's family scarcely meant that family didn't exist.
"Everyone keeps calling me that but it's almost like someone just decided it was my name." He raised his right hand slightly and John glanced at the medical bracelet on his wrist. "The police, they said that 'John Doe' is what they call people who don't have names."
John smiled, eyes flickering up and down Sherlock's body, but without the sudden, appreciative glint Sherlock was expecting.
"We've got the licence and we know he was just here," Lestrade replied, voice loud across the speaker setting on the tech's office phone. John bit his lower lip against a retort – the driver was used to going unnoticed. The doctor was willing to bet on a spare set of licence plates stashed safely somewhere.
"Echoic memory relies largely on external repetition," Sherlock agreed, catching John's chin between a thumb and forefinger, closing the distance between them even more – but not enough for John's taste. "You make some
John paused, peering over Sherlock's shoulder at the tiny phone screen displaying his latest blog post.
Even when Sherlock was gone he didn't speak it because alone wasn't always, it could be a lie, invisible ears listening where he couldn't see them, so he kept the words locked up tight, like him, the only place they would be safe.
"Well, I wasn't going to uni, not with my grades the way they were – I didn't want to, either. I just wanted out of Bracknell, away from the same tired people doing the same thing their parents did."
"Besides, no. I said I was taking him back to Ireland, not that I was taking him to prison. We can't leave him here – London's obviously not safe for him."
your obsession with air?” Sherlock muttered, folding his arms, mug buried in the crook of his elbow.
"Mm," Sherlock hummed non-committally, swinging his torch in the direction of the service lift. John gave Hassard a commiserative look when the detective strode away, leaving them both to catch up.
He was glad his back was to her when she said this, because his name made him flinch lightly again. He swallowed on the reaction, angry at himself. The conversation with Sherlock the day before had left him jumpy and anxious – more so than he already had been. It was wearing on his nerves. It should have helped. It had helped, but it had also made him more aware of everything.
Sherlock caught his lower lip between his teeth again, expression distant, and John turned his eyes to the monitor to keep himself focused.
He wished there was some way of verifying this externally, but the thought of asking anyone else was appalling. Mycroft was entirely out, and Gabriel would probably ask some inappropriately probing and astute questions.
"He's sick. Someone beat the crap of out of him. In my expert medical opinion – I'm really just guessing – it was more than one person. He's lucky he didn't die, according to the A&E surgeon."
So far he'd managed with the basics because they weren't hard. She had food and water. She had a place to sleep. He and Sandra had taken her on a long walk the previous day and played with her for a bit in a nearby park. It seemed fairly straightforward.
His fears were allayed of course – he’d never actually forgotten to notify John, and the conversation they’d had via text came back to him as he scrolled through the messages. Some small part of him was annoyed at the relief he felt that he hadn’t relied on one single, curt message rather than a brief conversation. Surely John should understand that the work was important and occasionally had to come first.
“No,” he said firmly, refocusing. “We don’t know what Ms. Hawkins knows. Until we do, until we can secure her, we have something that can be used against us, no matter what we do with Jim.”
"Christ," John whispered beside him, his voice loud enough to reach Sherlock's ears only. "Mycroft is 'Dad' now?"
"We just lost him," he said, pre-empting Lestrade's question. There was an echoing curse in response from the other end of the line, drowning out the wash of background voices only briefly.
He took the pair of proffered gloves, snapping them on as he climbed the stairs. John was behind him, close enough that his presence was palpable. Sherlock ignored it, following Mycroft into the master bedroom.
"Right," he said, the word falling flat in the silence that surrounded him. If Greg could get to Sherlock before one of Mycroft's people did, it would save them all a hell of a lot of headaches. The last thing they needed was for Mycroft to end up with a bloody and broken nose – or worse.
“But ’e already loves them,” Dominique replied cheerfully, handing a package to Aaron, who made a gleeful sound and immediately stuck it in his mouth. Dominique eased it away, replacing it with the tethered dummy the baby had just spit out, and let Aaron play with the package until John had to rescue it from where it had been flung to the floor.
And she had invested a great deal to ensure that Sherlock could take care of himself when she wasn't with him.
John lay still, the trapped breath and strained hearing an old reflex from the army. In Afghanistan, it might have been something critical that woke him – incoming wounded that meant he was in for a bomb blast, gunfire, a midnight shift in surgery.
"But he wasn't always," she continued, eyes narrowing slightly. "He was a terrorist and a killer, Doctor. That's not going to change just because he doesn't remember."
"Good," Gabriel said, taking care not to thank her, to present the image he wanted her to see. Appearances. "I'll be there shortly."
“John,” Sherlock sighed, one hand curling around John’s good arm. “It’s all right. It needed to be done. I do know a lot of people who will benefit from it.” He hesitated, grey eyes flickering over John’s face. “Thank you.”
"That's what I asked. He said something like 'how do they make such beautiful things in a world like this?'. I thought it was really sad. I asked him if he knew anything about art and he laughed and said he'd seen some but that was all."
"I did warn you," Donovan murmured. Sherlock rolled his eyes, and John rounded his frustration on her.
needs you, they know how to get in touch with you. At worst, we're a two hour train ride away, and you
"Jenny's in London, isn't she?" Irene asked. It was a guess but not a drastic one – Jim had been there more than Dublin toward the end, and, if he were hiding a person he wanted to keep close to him, that was the most logical place.
More often, he could hear Bridget herself shifting minutely, maybe trying to secure her position. He wanted to call up to her not to move, but restrained himself. She was a trained search and rescue worker – if she was moving, it wasn't without forethought and necessity.
He came no closer to deducing their contact's identity in the short time it took them to descend the stairs than he had while waiting for her to arrive. Any number of people flitted into and out of his life on a daily basis, and someone he knew might only be in passing or by sight.
"Thanks," Lestrade said. John showed him out and Sherlock waited until John was back in the flat before pushing himself out of his chair at the doctor. He grabbed his husband's face, planting a triumphant kiss on John's lips, then began pacing the flat, a gleeful smile tugging at his lips.
Fireworks went off in his skull, the shot cutting through the voices and smothering them, leaving room for nothing but the roar of the explosion, the pounding ringing that crushed his eardrums, pinning him to the floor, leaving him screaming soundlessly and inhaling concrete dust. He scrabbled to hang on, fingertips clutching uselessly at the floor, but the rushing noise filled the world, pressing down on him until he couldn't hold on, pulling him away from everything and dropping him, still struggling, into unyielding darkness.
“Sherlock, you’re a bloody observational genius. You’re fucking brilliant at it but Christ are you bloody blind when it comes to yourself. You wandered off by yourself today and got lost – how do you
The thunder was back in his partner's face, muted but still there, a silent warning to drop it now while he was ahead.
"Yes!" she agreed, and John cast a glance over his shoulder at Mycroft, who shrugged slightly, as if to say it was John's funeral.
But he'd been privately anticipating this New Year's Eve, if only because John had made very firm plans to keep them at home together, without any guests. They'd spent Christmas morning alone, but had bowed to obligatory family obligations for dinner – thankfully only with Harry and Amanda, rather than having to leave London and be entrapped at Sherlock's parents' for days on end.
"How dare you?" he hissed, his voice low and dangerous. "How dare you suggest that to me, Mycroft? How dare you presume that this is
The first file was black-and-white CCTV footage, three different angles, from an area of London that John didn't immediately recognize.
"Even I can't be that fastidious," he disagreed. "I suspect he was changed after he died – no wrinkles or small tears in the clothing that would indicate a struggle and," Sherlock leaned down, sniffing the fabric carefully, starting at the collar, working his way down one sleeve, "it doesn't smell worn."
John had been watching Lassalle carefully since they'd arrived, a very different type of observation than Sherlock's deductive scrutiny. He'd always relied as heavily on this – perhaps more so – than he had on John's skill with medicine and women.
John took his time, kissing him everywhere, lips and hands mapping Sherlock's body slowly, but without any agonizing teasing. It was pure genius the way John could find this balance, leaving Sherlock perfectly poised between relaxation and need, the euphoria focussing his mind only on the physical sensations, leaving him blissfully unaware of anything but John.
not understanding what John wanted because normally he read John like a book. "You insisted I take the case in April and now you insist that I stop."
"On the bed," he ordered. John scrambled up and Sherlock put the candle on the bedside table, watching as John's eyes flickered to it hungrily. The detective smiled and fetched two more candles and one more candleholder. He lit one of the candles and set it beside the first, giving them another small pinpoint of light in the stormy gloom. A flash of lightning illuminated the room sharply, followed shortly by another peal of thunder, much closer this time. Sherlock heard the first rattle of raindrops against the balcony windows.
It was John's voice, distorted, fuzzy, distant, but two hot, tight points of contact on Sherlock's arms resolved themselves into John's hands, fingers digging – hard – into Sherlock's skin.
The Irish inspector, Morgan, had come in and given him a name so that now the hospital ID bracelet on his wrist read 'John A. Riley' instead of 'John Doe'.
"Yes, but it's been almost eight years. I didn't remember it very well immediately afterwards, either. He'll probably remember more later on."
"Seems like a good bet," Lestrade replied. "She cut him free, gave him a flashlight, told him how to get out and where to find Sherlock."
It was discomfiting to say the least; Aaron was not normally fussy at all, and while he wasn't outright crying, he was snivelling and clearly unhappy.
"I know a nice little place in Marylebone Road," Sherlock said, shifting his head slightly toward John's hand as the doctor ran short curls through his fingers again. "If I recall, they have some rather good champagne."
John's brow furrowed, creasing a small vertical line into his skin. Sherlock reached up to smooth it away and John's expression softened again.
"You mean hiring an international criminal organization to do your dirty work for you," Sherlock said, swirling his glass with what John knew was feigned indifference.
“I mean d-o-n-e,” Lestrade replied. “Done. It’s been,” he checked his watch, “twenty hours since we were called out on this. I realize you never sleep, but the rest of us do.”
” Mitchell demanded, turning his attention to her; Lestrade noted the slight surprise in her expression but the lack of any other real tension – she wasn’t alarmed by her fiancé’s reaction, which told the DI both that, no matter what he might think of Mitchell, the young man treated her well, and that she knew about his strained relationship with his brother.
"About two," Tricia replied. John had taken Friday off as well, having no desire to go back to work for one day after returning from France.
“Well, meetings around Europe must still be a far sight different than the kind of travel you used to do,” Mary commented, oblivious to the sudden derailment in John’s train of thought.
John tensed instinctively, trying to pull away, but Sherlock held firm, meeting the doctor's gaze levelly. A deep breath helped John relax, and he nodded once, curtly, giving permission for Sherlock to do whatever it was he had in mind.
There had never been any indication of a sibling; Jim too had been his parents' only child. They had died under mysterious circumstances – mysterious to the police – shortly after his eighteenth birthday, leaving only him behind.
"Thirty people have died because of him," Sherlock said flatly. "I appreciate that he may not fall under your jurisdiction, in which case I suggest you call the Met and have them arrest him. It may be in your best interest to at least handcuff him to the bed, for appearances' sake."
“Go home,” Lestrade said. “Sleep. Or do whatever it is you do in place of sleep. We’ll have plenty for you to do tomorrow.”
And... that's it!  I'd like to say thank you to everyone for reading, and a huge thank you to my best friend and beta, AGirloftheSouth, who helped me see this story arc through from beginning to end.  I really appreciate all the kudos and especially the reviews - I'm happy to know I'm not the only one enjoying this ride!
And yet, he was securely tucked away in the Yard. Drowning in maps and charts presented no real threat to life or limb, and Sherlock couldn't entirely deny the relief he felt at knowing that John currently out of harm's way. That, even though he was out of immediate reach by phone, this wasn't Wales. He knew precisely where John was, and trusted Lestrade's abilities well enough – even if he'd never confess to it.
With some obvious effort, Sherlock opened them again, letting out a surprised grunt when John leaned forward, sucking on a nipple through the shirt. He'd ruined more than one silk shirt this way, but knew for a fact that Sherlock didn't care – and the way he pressed himself forward, intent on more contact, was proof enough.
he was saying what he'd just thought – the last thing Sherlock needed was anything that resembled permission from John, even it wasn't.  "She's been playing with you this whole time, Sherlock! Wales! Richard Douglas and Karam Sarraf! Those symbols in the tunnel! The letter!"
He timed the count but almost needn't have bothered – Sherlock kept his fingers on Sam's wrist for precisely thirty seconds before letting go. John got the pulse rate from Sherlock and was unsurprised that it was still too high. Sam was still breathing too quickly as well.
He felt an unexpected but genuine surge of hope as he skimmed the report – it had come from a barista in east London, who’d had a customer matching Richard Mitchell’s description. She’d seen him on the news two days before seeing him in person, and had only put the pieces together when a different missing person’s bulletin had jogged her memory.
The accounts were Jennifer's, and everything posted to them she posted herself, but not all of it was true. The photographs were, and some of the information was – generally that which was related to social events or trip. But there was a veneer over everything else, one not easily wiped away.
He became abruptly aware that he was holding his breath, willing John to say no, but the doctor merely shrugged and smiled, to David and Olivia's utter delight.
Three days hounded by a smothering fear – terror – that John had been taken away from him permanently and irrevocably. That this, what he held onto right now, was as insubstantial as mist, not really his, out of his control.
“Hmm, good point,” John said, letting his hand skim upward to loosen the top buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. The first couple were already undone, the way Sherlock preferred to wear them; undoing two more gave John the freedom to trace his fingers along Sherlock’s clavicle, appreciating the feel of smooth skin against his fingertips.
Lestrade put the report on top of a pile of other files that needed to be dealt with. He’d follow up with it in the morning, and send some PCs to speak to the barista and collect the security footage. There was nothing to be done about it now, and he could see Sally Donovan striding back towards his office, everything in her posture telling him that he was going to have something much more pressing – and far more relevant – to deal with in very short order.
"You're okay," John said. "Just stay with us, stay awake, just a little while longer. You can do that."
He drifted off again, slipping into a deeper sleep this time, where the only sensation he was really aware of was Sherlock's cool fingers in his. Some distant, medical part of him knew it wasn't enough but there was no other choice – or none that he would ever make.
"Not as well as she'd have liked," John said, bracing himself on the edge of the stretcher, ignoring the body to fix his gaze on Molly. "He was never going to be interested. Not more than professionally. Or intellectually. Same thing, with Sherlock."
"Working on it," Sherlock replied, striding past John and heading for the windows. John followed him with his gaze, then saw something lying on a small round mahogany table next to a leather armchair. It caught his attention because it was the only thing that seemed out of place in a room in which everything else was neatly stored. Whatever else Laurence had been, he'd been organized.
He’d never thought about it before, and he was sure that what he knew about whatever had happened to Sherlock in Pakistan only scratched the surface, but John himself had scars from the bullet he’d taken to the shoulder. Presumably his partner hadn’t been shot, but something traumatic had happened. Something that probably could have left scars.
John nodded vaguely; he hadn't considered that before, but it was a good point. He added it to his mental list of things he held against Mary. He could really have gone without those nine months thinking his best friend had jumped to his death right in front of him.
His body obeyed against his will, the pressure of John's hand on the back of his head pushing it down, between his knees, where the disjointed feeling began to recede more quickly.
He pulled down two mugs, filled the kettle and switched it on, then bent double over the sink, gripping the edges of the metal basin, sucking in harsh breaths through his teeth.
"I don't know," he whispered. "I don't know." But his left hand twitched as he spoke. Sherlock leaned forward slightly. The sound of him shifting made Sam's eyes fly back open and focus on him quickly. It took a few seconds for the agent to realise Sherlock had barely moved, to breathe again.
Sherlock thought, biting his lower lip. He wouldn't have. Not if it would have identified him as being a foreigner because that was more likely to be remembered.
Nothing in John's demeanour that morning had suggested the doctor was still angry. If anything, John had seemed more himself that he had in the past few days.
So Sherlock gritted his teeth and bore it now as he had then, because he did have a responsibility toward her, and she was genuinely concerned about his well-being. There was no patronization here, although Sherlock could tell she disapproved – strongly – of his choice not to tell John about the medication.
The same held true for her supposed job. If she knew the company or anyone in it, Irene would have to lower her estimation of Jim somewhat.
There was a pause, too long to be natural, the anxiety of it making John’s lungs constrict. He was just about to prompt his partner for a reply when Sherlock spoke, quietly and reluctantly.
What was unusual was waking up at the same time as Sherlock – normally his partner was up and working well before John got up. Usually not showered and dressed because, as he often pointed out to John, there was no point doing it twice, unnecessarily.
His eyes adjusted enough to make out the faintest gleam from his wedding ring, a simple gold band incised with a Celtic knot pattern. That had been Sandra's idea – she'd said it went well with the Scottish theme in their wedding. He'd agreed happily. He hadn't cared what the rings looked like. He would have worn anything she'd asked. He still would. He'd do anything for her – most days he was still stunned that she was his wife, that she came home to him, that she'd chosen him and not someone else. Sometimes, he was certain he was dreaming the whole thing.
"Can't you make yourself useful?" he demanded, turning back to the monitor, dislodging Lestrade by reaching for the mouse. "I could use some coffee."
It was easy enough to slip back into the office without arousing suspicion. The security guards all knew her by now, and it was London, where people came and went at all hours. If Mary wanted to do some extra work or had forgotten something or was killing time before meeting up with a friend, the guards didn’t care. She was pleasant to them, and made sure to chat briefly (never too long), so they were inclined to think kindly about her – when they thought about her at all.
"Good night, Sherlock," he said, and rolled onto his right side again, facing away from his husband. Sherlock managed to nod, not trusting his voice, knowing John could hear the faint sound of his skin and hair against the pillow. John shifted around before settling down, then Sherlock very hesitantly reached out, putting his left hand on John's waist. It was barely any contact, and so much less than he wanted. He ached to wrap himself around John as he normally did, feel that warm and compact body encompassed by his, but he knew that was too much. He wasn't even sure he'd get this.
His phone rang again and Sherlock snatched it out of his pocket then scowled, hitting the ignore button. He had no desire to speak with his brother. Mycroft would determine immediately that something was amiss and insist on coming round and making things all the worse with his presence.
"He'll be a bit busy today, I bet," John shot back. Sherlock ignored him, slithering through the window with all the grace of a cat in a six-foot-two frame.
"That's all right," the nurse said despite the sinking feeling in John's stomach. "We'll work on it. In the meantime, get some rest."
"Does it matter what she's called?" he asked, unable to keep a slight snappish hint out of his voice. Sam looked up at him in surprise.
He crossed the living room silently, avoiding casting a shadow in the faint light from the Christmas tree, and kept himself close to the wall, just barely twitching the curtain aside enough to peer down at the nearly empty street below.
As if on cue, Aaron gave a small hiccup and spit up on the double-layered receiving blanket slung over Charles' shoulder. This prompted Dominique to put the knife down and circle the kitchen island, wiping Aaron's face gently with the top blanket, murmuring comfortingly. Charles followed the movement as best he could – he might have agreed to this task, but his suit was expensive, and he had no interest in an avoidable mess.
"Oh yes," Hassard replied. "The glamorous life of a DI, being sent on errands and chasing would-be vandals down alleys. And here I thought Greg was exaggerating when he told me about the Yard, back when we were at Chiswick."
Once Lestrade had gone, John shaved and took a hot shower, then fixed himself a comforting cup of tea before crawling into bed. It felt strange without Sherlock there, but the incessant worry wasn't enough to keep his eyes from falling shut.
"Yeah, well, I get the impression the two of you never did a lot of talking," John commented wryly, a faint amused gleam in his eyes. Sherlock snorted and glanced away to hide what John was sure was a smile.
John stirred, grimacing slightly as the ache in his shoulder announced itself again. He lay still, half hoping it would fade to a level he could ignore, but it seemed to grow as the silence in the flat pressed in around him. John shuffled out of bed, downed more ibuprofen, and wrapped himself in Sherlock's tartan dressing gown. It smelled of the detective and made him feel a touch less alone.
It might be nothing, but it was worth finding out. If she turned out to be everything she said she was, then he'd done his job and satisfied himself that he and his people were secure.
"Yes, obviously," Sherlock replied in a tone of voice that told John he was rolling his eyes without John having to see it. The doctor raised his head again, glaring hard, but Sherlock ignored him. "That's why we haven't had any contact in two days, why no one else has died. Why no one else
"That makes two of us," John said, flashing her a cheeky grin. Holmes drew a breath, the action pulling him up to his full height, but John cut off any retort before it had a chance to be voiced. "I'm all finished here. Let's get going."
Sherlock shot him a dark look but pulled his hand away. McKinney gasped again, breathing hard, a dark smile ghosting over his lips.
John stretched lazily, burying his face in his pillow with a contented smile. He snuggled under the duvet and let himself drift in that fuzzy state between asleep and awake. He could hear the hum of traffic from outside, dampened by the snow, and the sound of Sherlock moving around the flat. John took a deep breath; the smell of frying bacon invaded his nostrils and his smile widened. He heard footsteps heading toward the bedroom and then felt the shift on the mattress as Sherlock leaned against it, his lips brushing over John's ear to whisper:
The blurred feeling resolved itself into cold and the pinprick of a few distant stars overhead. He tried to move his legs but felt sluggish, heavy, cajoling his brain into working – he didn't think he'd lost consciousness. If he had, it hadn't been for very long. The knock had been hard but not hard enough; he wanted to reach up and feel his skull, to check if the sticky sensation was blood or just the haze of a mild concussion.
"You're terrible," John sighed, but with a smile in his voice that meant he didn't believe a word of that.
"Yes, I know," John said. "It's– do you need to buy new clothing? You have time before then. I know it won't be up to your usual standard, but if you plan on regaining the weight, then you won't need the new clothes for long."
It didn't help John's resolve one bit when Sherlock pulled the helmet off after they'd come to a halt, short, dark curls tumbling haphazardly around his face.
"Have you had to make any changes?" Irene enquired, redirecting the conversation smoothly from the personal.
"You did," Sam said. She'd moved to London the day she'd turned eighteen, leaving him in Bracknell with their mother. At least by that time, their brother had moved away to Liverpool for work.
He slipped his index finger in, encountering minor resistance that relaxed when Sherlock moaned. John pursed his lips to contain a sound of his own, eyes closed, focusing on loosening the ring of tight muscle. He could feel the heat of his breath bouncing back at him from Sherlock's warm skin, and wanted desperately to push himself in now, to fuck Sherlock into the mattress.
He'd been right; there was a theme. Not all of them involved light bondage, but enough of them that even he, without a genius' brain, could see an obvious pattern.
He helped John with his jacket and sling before twining their fingers together and leading him into the bedroom. John watched him with darkening blue eyes as Sherlock undressed him slowly, focussing on the movements, smoothing his hands over bare skin as it was exposed.
"'I, Sherlock William Scott Holmes, promise to tell you, John Watson, whenever I plan on doing something completely bloody stupid that no normal, sane person would ever dream of doing.'"
He set bow to strings and adjusted his fingers on the neck but faltered after only a few bars. Sherlock pushed himself to his feet to cover the slight, hoping the action would lead Sam to believe that it was his position that had derailed him, nothing more. When he was alone, he could play it flawlessly, working his way through from beginning to end without catching himself up. But now he was not playing for himself nor was he playing to still the memories.
Picturing it was bad enough – himself completely naked – exposed – in his chair, Sherlock on his knees on the rug, purple shirt unbuttoned, palming himself through black trousers. The image made John groan, fingers twitching, wanting to entwine into Sherlock's short hair, push him down, fuck his mouth.
John nodded. He sat still for a moment, then took the bow carefully from Sherlock, whose grey eyes flickered to him questioningly. John got up and set it on the dresser then returned to the bed. He lay down, stretching out beside his husband, gathering Sherlock into his arms. The detective stayed stiff and still for a moment, then sighed and rolled onto his side into John's embrace. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John's waist then nuzzled his face into the doctor's neck. John felt the warm brush of air against his skin and the soft kiss of eyelashes as Sherlock shut his eyes.
He paid attention and remembered her birthday. He bought her jewellery that she liked – he was the first man she'd dated who had ever done that. She couldn't wear much at work, no rings or bracelets and she didn't much like wearing earrings. The first thing he ever bought her was a simple silver chain and a silver heart-shaped pendant with a small emerald inlaid in it. She could wear it under her scrubs and not have it get in the way when moving equipment or patients.
"Not for very long at any rate," he agreed. "And what would you have me do about it, John? That is why you're here, I presume?"
We were contacted, eleven days ago, by a client, Marianne Maberley, whose recent loss of sibling was obvious by her clothing and comportment. It’s always very tedious when people sit in the chair and cry, but I was initially keen because one never knows when there will be a really interesting murder. Unfortunately, Maberley’s brother died of very natural causes (although John claims a moped collision with a bus in Rome is
– and, of course, because it would let him go charging back to London instead of dithering on a Paris sidewalk, arguing about Mycroft's intentions.
"Mycroft doesn't deal in coincidences," his husband replied. John nodded, a numb cold settling into his stomach.
. I don't think they'll split hairs over the fact that you were undercover. You still worked for the Met, Sam."
He'd managed to get out of the bloody knighthood it had almost earned him, too, but it had been a near miss.
A dark warning look from John stopped the rest of his words dead and Sherlock shook his head, trapped by the unspoken rebuke and the prospect of a long, heavy breakfast.
"What if Gabe is gone, Marian? What if whoever I was before all of this just – doesn't exist anymore?"
“If you keep that up, it won’t be,” John sighed, pushing himself to his feet. Sherlock waved the empty tea mug at him.
John sniffed it again, then licked a finger and dipped it into the bag, pressing it very carefully to his tongue.
Sherlock took a deep, silent breath and exhaled it slowly. He had spoken to McKinney. He could interview his own brother.
"Tell me," Sherlock hissed, leaning down so he was almost nose-to-nose with McKinney. The other man grunted, shaking his head desperately. "Tell me!"
In the whole of London – in the whole of the world – there was one person always at his beck and call, always where Sherlock expected him to be, always waiting to see him.
"At least one of us has a sense of humour," John said lightly, his grin growing, making his eyes twinkle. Holmes actually huffed, making Mary raise an eyebrow, but John shot her a wink.
He didn't remember these things; he didn't know these things. Someone with his name and his body had walked around and done all the stuff they accused him of and had left him with the blame but not the memories.
By early afternoon on the third day, he was satisfied he had what he needed to make a start – nowhere near the information he wished he had, but if it had been easy to find, someone would have found it before him.
She rattled off a reply and John was pretty sure he picked up a couple of French curses in there. Sherlock's lips twitched, pulling back into the beginnings of a snarl, then he made his features relax again. When Veronique drew a breath, John interjected:
"Come on, John," Sherlock snapped, giving an impatient gesture. He kept moving to put as much distance between himself and his brother as possible. "We're going home."
, he thought and then moaned when Sherlock's body constricted around him. John rode out Sherlock's orgasm then let himself go, gasping into Sherlock's neck, his fingers digging into his husband's hips. Sherlock tightened his hold on John, shudders still running through him, until John slumped against him with a deep gasp, breathing hard.
"I haven't got any money," John managed, the scrape of jagged brick against his lips to his right, a gloved hand holding his jaw to his left.
He got ready as quickly as he could, forcing movement from his stiff muscles, but Sherlock was still waiting impatiently for him by the time he emerged from the bathroom. The trip to the hospital was fairly quick even in the morning traffic and, as they were arriving, Sherlock got a text message from Anthea informing them that McKinney had been moved from the ICU to a short term care ward while he awaited transfer to Princess Grace. McKinney's room wasn't difficult to find, guarded as it was by Redcaps and police constables. Sherlock consented to have his identification checked by both the guards in the corridor and the one inside the room. He endured with long-suffering impatience, rolling his eyes and exhaling noisily, ignoring the warning look John shot him.
John asked himself, surprised by the question. He wanted to deny it – of course Riley should have some acceptable and clear cut motive for choosing what he had. He'd walked away from bombing people – that couldn't be selfish.
The drapes visible in the windows indicated more care was given to the inside of the house, which Irene approved of. Outward appearances
"I'll have the paperwork put through and we'll get him ready to go," she promised before leaving them alone, four adults crowded into a tiny, curtained-off area.
Plucking him and John from London, dropping them, separated, into the wilderness. Sherlock had had Lestrade but the Woman had known what losing John would do.
"He knows more than you think he does," John replied. Donovan shot him a sharp, mistrustful look and he shook his head hastily. "I don't mean that – he's not lying to you or anything. Just – if you took the time to really talk to him, you'd see."
It was harder going with just the two of them, and impossible not to breathe deeply now, fighting for oxygen that was being devoured by the fire. They were dragging Sherlock, heedless of his feet trailing and bumping against the ground. If it injured him but got him out, it would be worth it. Choosing between Sherlock's complaints and sulks at being laid up and Sherlock's life was no choice at all.
Riley was watching something on the telly but his gaze slid to John when the doctor came inside, shutting the door behind him with a soft click. Surprise flickered over his features where they were not obscured by bandages, bruises, and healing cuts. He didn't look much better – but it had only been a handful of days since John had last seen him.
"For everything. Believe me. Including that little hint of expression that tells me you're regretting your decision to leave the flat."
"White bottle, blue cap?" Sherlock asked, the fragile, tenuous hope in his chest shattering when John nodded. "From my medicine cabinet?"
, the Woman, when no information had registered, his mind suddenly a blank slate letting him down. He'd seen all of John's hints then – and still could now, and Hassard's, and even Arnaud's on the end of the Skype connection.
The Redcaps stepped into the room, closing the door firmly behind them, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the corridor. John was suddenly grateful that Mycroft was in another section of this ward, his room not visible from where they were. There was a nurse at the nurses' station just down the hall – John could just make her out sitting behind the high counter, but she wasn't paying them any attention.
He ran his hands through his lighter brown hair. This was his hair, not Sam Waters'. He frowned at himself – was there really a line? He was always surprised whenever he realized he never thought of himself as Gabriel anymore. Only his mother and sister called him that. He had his reasons for it.
"You've been married for over five years, Sherlock. You've been together for over six. He's never given up on you before. Trust him not to give up so easily yet. And trust yourself to do the same. I said John was brave. He didn't run when you were in the hospital. Give him a chance not to run now."
John was the most precious thing in the world, and Sherlock had made John's life a commodity, something to be tossed aside at will, without warning or care, and everyone who wanted to get to Sherlock could go through John, could strap a bomb to him or drug him and abandon him or simply come into their home and steal him away, leaving nothing more than a note in his place.
), but nor was John. Relief that his partner hadn't witnessed the nightmare warred with irritation that John wasn't curled up next to him, sleepy and pliable.
Sherlock had been much closer to it, John realized abruptly. He'd answered the neurologist's questions readily enough, but John added hearing checks to his mental list of Sherlock's care needs.
If it wouldn't have made John angrier, Sherlock might actually have opted for one of Mycroft's cars to drive them home. Perhaps even Mycroft himself. His brother being superior at him was better than
Sherlock sighed, slouching down further, managing – just – to resist complaining that John wasn't available to make said coffee. John almost never did (yesterday being a deliberate exception), and John rarely joined him when he had a cigarette. Both those things could be foregone, if it meant the doctor would finish his tedious paperwork any faster.
"Yes," Josephine agreed, meeting his eyes squarely. She took after her mother more, blue eyes, blond hair, a bit on the short side. "Is this more harmful than asking an eighty-four year old man to undergo a treatment that still has an eighty percent failure rate? Even if he'd survived that, pancreatic cancer still has the highest incidence of recurrence of any cancer. And is this any more harmful than asking Lock to live without John? They were my uncles, and I love them. I respect their decision. I hope you do, too."
"Stop!" his partner snapped, a hand closing around John's wrist, the sudden restriction making him tense. "Give me that."
"I'll text you should I need your expertise," Sherlock assured him, bending for a swift kiss, and then he was gone, disappearing down the stairs in a swish of heavy black wool.
Sherlock remained seated, pressing his palms together, resting his thumbs against his nose and his index finger against his forehead. He leaned forward slightly, his elbows propped on his knees and his eyes closed. John could see his eyes flickering beneath his eyelids and wondered what he was thinking, what rapid assessments he was running through in his mind.
"Not true," she replied. John sighed and rolled his eyes, but she was right. She'd straight out told him to shag Sherlock the first time he'd told her he was interested in his flatmate. He was glad she didn't say so right now, though.
“You mentioned it in your initial email,” Sherlock replied, waving a hand vaguely, projecting boredom, but John could see him congratulating himself internally on being so clever.
"Right," the tech agreed. "Judging by the way the light plays, I'd say an office door was open when this was shot, but if we go back," the video was rewound until the shadow darkened, "here it would be closed. Since no one else was on that floor at the time, this can't be continuous. With the angle and the position of this camera, the light wouldn't be coming from Douglas' office but one down the hall."
They went down to the beach in the late afternoon, after the worst of the day's heat had passed. The sand was still baking beneath their feet – John wore flip flops but Sherlock didn't seem to notice or care as they headed toward the water with their towels and a canvas bag that John carried slung over his right shoulder.
"No time for this," Sherlock replied briskly, and there was a smile from Molly, a glimmer of laughter dancing in her dark eyes. "We've got someone without a name – at least without a name we know. In your own time, of course," he added, vanishing down the hall.
"Good," John said, and something in the tone made Sherlock long for more approval, resist the desire to spiral downward again. "You're okay, Sherlock. I'm okay. I'm right here. Nothing happened."
“Since Charles and I ’ave been together, I think. It’s more important now, with ’im,” he added, letting Aaron grip one of his fingers again.
Sherlock hadn't even stopped to talk to Anthea when she'd called, tossing his phone to John with an angry scowl. He relayed the news that Mycroft was out of recovery and doing as well as could be expected. He didn't miss the flash of relief behind the grey eyes but Sherlock just glared at the phone in John's hand, pointing one long index finger impatiently.
"Believe me, I'm already grateful for that. You'll just have to start coming round to visit me in oh – about a month, I suppose."
"Shit!" John swore under his breath, pushing himself up again, abandoning the military training. He knew he should stay hidden until he'd fully assessed the situation – but this wasn't Afghanistan, and he had no time.
It had taken him a moment to remember her name but it was a good sign that he did. And that he was conscious.
With a deep sigh, John pushed himself back to his feet, put on his best sympathetic smile, and went back to work.
He remembered, too, how Sherlock had clung to him in the hospital, seeking reassurance without a word and without hesitation. John frowned to himself – he hadn't thought of it at the time, but Sherlock had been doing exactly what John had asked him to do. Requesting help when he needed it. He just needed to start doing it before things got so desperate.
They were in his hair immediately anyway when Sherlock dipped his head, slipping his lips slowly – too slowly – around John's cock. In the back of his mind, John hoped there was no one on the other side of the wall, or that they were sound asleep, because he couldn't contain the cry, nor the moan of protest when Sherlock eased up, almost letting him slip free before sliding back down.
"Well, then," Sherlock murmured and went over to John's suitcase, where he liberated a t-shirt. He rolled the candles carefully into the cotton fabric then put it in his own case. John swallowed hard again, a shudder running through him. Not only did he know they were there, they were wrapped in one of his shirts.
He kept moving, rubbing Aaron's back now instead of patting it, aware of the softening of small muscles and the slowing of his son's breathing. He couldn't see it, but was certain Aaron had fallen asleep. Dominique's quick smile and lack of comment was confirmation enough; he was staying silent so as not to wake Aaron.
Sherlock sat back with a disgusted sigh, unable to entirely ignore the deep-seated spark. The challenge drew him, but it was more than just that. It was more than skirting the limits of the law here, passing unseen under the watchful gaze of the Met – it was walking, blindfolded, along a cliff's edge at night. It all hung in front of him, the possibility, the danger…
"I've seen a lot of victims in my time, John. Something like that – yeah, you're right, could have just been a vicious mugging, could have been just a random attack. But it could be someone thinks he deserves it."
Sam blinked rapidly and glanced about again, appearing to fully realize where he was. He winced and shifted, pulling the blanket instinctively around his shoulders.
"I could have had the police break down your door," Sam pointed out. "I almost wish I did, because they'd have called an ambulance just in case. Sherlock, what the hell is going on? You look like shit."
, he reminded himself. Sherlock had cleared them, and Lestrade was inclined to believe his mad consultant, because both he and Hassard had been there as well. Three suspicious, analytical minds were better than one, after all – and if Douglas' wife or any of their children had been faking the shock and grief, he'd fry his badge and eat it.
"Hi, John," she said, giving him a bit of a rueful look and casting an uncertain glance at the body on the floor. She'd adjusted a lot in the two years since he'd first met her, but she was used to dealing with witnesses and victims, not corpses, and was clearly trying to ignore the body as best she could.
It gave him even more pleasure to imagine firing the PC who had put this file together for him – this was a waste of his time. It was a waste of everyone’s time, of course, but he was a DI, and his time was worth a lot more.
"Oh, the one the police were here about, I remember. I don't know what I can tell you I haven't already told your constables, though. I really don't know much about him."
He was rolled onto his back, legs hooked over John's shoulders, arching up when John thrust in, his movements deep and slow.
It was easier to concentrate with the babble of voices fading behind them, Hassard and the constable silent in the near-darkness. Bobbing headlamps cast imperfect light in front of them, forcing his other senses back for the forefront. Simple enough to attune himself to the tunnel again, watching for signs of human passage, hearing only the quiet skittering of small animals trying to evade the torches.
He felt that reluctance now, but it was a combination of missing his mother's presence and being unable to predict how Sam would react. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, unsurprised to find Sam watching him.
Sherlock hesitated suddenly, meeting John's eyes again. The doctor's dark gaze was puzzled and Sherlock felt a flash of suspicion course through him.
He closed the flat door behind them, ignoring the faint warning flare that he was closed in now, that he was trapped. That, he told himself firmly, was an unwanted leftover from Afghanistan. He'd never felt trapped here –
"Hardly," Sherlock sniffed as John rolled his eyes and fired off a text to both DIs. He didn't have to wait long for a reply from either of them; even several months after Wales, they were still on alert.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock replied, and John could hear the utter practicality in his voice, but there were faint shadows around his eyes, sobering his expression in the dim common corridor light.
"Of a sort," Irene replied. "An affair with former colleagues. I need someone pretty and attentive to wear on my arm."
"Yeah. I'll make sure she's okay. And it'll be nice to have someone cook for me. I'm dead on my feet."
"You probably did it in the cab," John sighed, slouching down comfortably in his seat. Sherlock didn't say anything, but looked smugly pleased with himself.
"There are national security issues here, John. And my brother is lying unconscious in intensive care."
He’d dodged the net, slippery and sly, retaining his freedom while his accomplices fell, one by one.
"After I was sent back from Afghanistan, there were times when I got sick of people treating me like an invalid. Going out of their way to try and make me comfortable, or feeling guilty if they forgot for a few minutes. Sometimes I just wanted them to forget completely and treat me like John, not like a set of walking injuries. Sam might need a bit of that now. Even if you think he doesn't."
"Believe me," Sam said softly, almost gently, "I've sat through worse with myself. You can't make me give up."
But there were other things to worry about, and he helped Sherlock sit up enough to drink some water. The glass against his lips was obviously uncomfortable, but John didn't think a straw – if they had any that weren't toxic from experiments – would be any easier.
His continued good health? He could have stopped her right there if that was the case – the blow to his head had devastated his memory, and the damn bruises around his eyes were slow to fade.
"Jesus Christ," he muttered. Sherlock stayed still, aware of the time slipping past, bringing Mary's contact closer. "Christ. She could– she could still be lying."
The curtain twitched aside, letting John shelve those thoughts, to admit a doctor John hadn't met yet, who appraised Sherlock sharply and introduced herself as his neurologist.
He'd been livid yesterday – hurt and angry and raging quietly once Josephine was asleep. He'd cursed and ranted and cried and forced himself not to shout so as not to wake his goddaughter. He'd gotten blind stinking drunk, had thrown up once, then had managed to crawl into bed, exhausted. He'd awoken the next morning not knowing where he was or why he was wearing unfamiliar clothing. He barely remembered collapsing onto the guest bed in Tricia's flat after he'd managed to change from his work clothing into some clothing of Henry's she'd lent him. An old pair of sweatpants that were too long because Henry was a few inches taller than him, and an old t-shirt.
It could have been any family dinner – any family that managed to contain Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes anyway – the casual banter and good natured discussion at the table veiling whatever reason Mycroft (or Angela, John supposed) had for bringing them all there. There were the usual barbs between the brothers, but nothing that would force John to intervene, and Sherlock was attentive to David's quiet conversation and to Olivia's remarkably articulate toddler prattle.
It explained the incongruous pen and the way her desk looked as if she'd just been there. She had. Stepped out for a take away coffee, most likely.
“Anything else?” he asked, straightening up. Aaron made a dissatisfied noise when John dropped the package into the basket, rather than returning it to him, but was easily distracted by the brightly-coloured plush toy Dominique had wisely tied to the baby carrier.
It became so entrenched in his mind that he dreamt about it, the words floating on a loop through his mind, accompanied by their images, interspersed with the blue swirls and symbols from the tunnels, which he now knew were related to Alexandre Georges’ latest novel and – by design – to his abduction.
"All right," John said, pressing his lips into Sherlock's messy hair. "I'll book our flights later today."
John nodded slowly, unhappy with the admission, but he couldn't expect Sherlock to conjure up information he didn't have.
"It's good to see you smiling again, John, it really is," she said, pressing a swift kiss against his cheek. He returned it, thanking her for keeping an eye on his husband.
"What then?" he asked. "Because I doubt you want to see all of my photos and demand a detailed account of everything we did."
Decided, he leaned forward to catch the cabbie's attention, and changed their course to Baker Street.
"Inspector Donovan asked me about this tea shop, too," he murmured. "Seems a long way to go just for tea, doesn't it?"
"I'm going to make coffee," she said, switching to French. Sam nodded, leaning back against the couch cushions, feeling the rush of emotion dissipate and numbness creep back in.
"I'm on my way," John said, digging out a fresh pair of jeans as he rung off. It was no more than a few minutes until he'd put himself together, collecting his phone, wallet, and keys, and he had a stroke of Sherlock's good luck on the street, where a few empty cabs were on their way past.
He opened his mouth to say something but John cut him off again, covering Sherlock's mouth with his own, shifting his hand slightly to rub a nipple through the purple silk of Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock gasped, the sound muffled by John's mouth, arching up. The movement pushed his hips against John's, sending a shock of pleasure through him at the much-needed friction.
Sherlock managed a curt reply at Michael's offer to help him with whatever he needed, and stalked into the desperate privacy of his own office, fingers plucking his phone from a jacket pocket. He cursed himself, intending to put it back and forget this nonsense, but an irritatingly stubborn streak kept him from doing so.
"Your colouring – your hair and eyes – may be fairly typical, but that certainly does not mean you're unattractive." He leaned over somewhat awkwardly and managed to place a kiss on John's lips. "In fact, you're beautiful."
Generally not, he had to admit to himself, for drinking and smoking by himself in the middle of the night.
"Oh, well done," Sherlock said, grinning again, looking up. "You may accuse me of not being subtle, Mycroft, but he is. And he's
"He's going with them," Lestrade snapped. "He's a surgeon. John, I'll be right behind you. We'll take care of the rest."
"Can I see this?" Doe asked and John let him have the phone, watching as he instinctively zoomed out on the map and moved the focal point north and west a bit.
"Yes," Sherlock murmured again. John pressed a fist against his mouth, drumming the fingers of his other hand against the chair again.
“Breathing’s boring till you stop doing it,” John replied, leaning down to press a kiss against his partner’s forehead. Sherlock squirmed, but not enough to make John think he was serious.
"There are online translation programmes," Sherlock murmured dismissively, and John couldn't contain the irritated sigh this time.
"I used to have a friend – we served together in Afghanistan – who was a mechanic. His hands were pretty rough, too. He complained about it sometimes, especially when the weather was cold."
"I took care of that personally, Sherlock. I would have obtained weapons permission for you if you'd asked, but I was content to leave it until you did so. I was somewhat surprised you didn't demand them but I was quite happy to let it go."
Sherlock ignored him – no surprise there – to fold himself down onto his knees and elbows, dislodging a puff of dust when he dragged a flat box out from underneath Mrs. Hudson's old sofa.
John must be home; he wasn't prone to leaving the television on when he left the flat, and Sherlock certainly hadn't kept it on when he'd surrendered to exhaustion. He was tired of the damned thing, of the way it mocked his enforced immobility with mind-numbing vapidity.
"Mm," Sherlock said, clearly not listening to him. John rolled his eyes and checked the fridge for some leftovers, glad he'd had the foresight to make up a few meals over the weekend. Sherlock probably hadn't eaten since breakfast and probably wouldn't even notice.
"Your case," Sherlock confirmed, the superior, clipped tone back in his voice – John doubted he had any idea what was going on, but had at least managed to suppress his shock. "You wrote me earlier in the year."
John was even all right until they reached the room, but the sight of Sherlock dropping the two helmets casually on the bed undid him again. A deep breath kept him from crossing the room and knocking his partner bodily onto the mattress.
“Unbelievably brilliant.” The pillow was worked out from between them and tossed to the floor. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered as John settled more closely, and the doctor swallowed carefully, dipping his head to brush his lips over Sherlock’s neck.
Even fairly smartly dressed in crisp jeans and pressed, short-sleeved shirt, he didn't strike John as a wealthy man missing a valuable family heirloom. The doctor checked himself – after all, they'd had moneyed clients in the past who didn't look it – but the flat they were ushered into suggested a comfortable life rather than a lavish one.
"Of course not," Sherlock said, looking surprised. "I can hardly imagine each case you find interesting that I don't will turn out like our nursery rhyme killer. Most murderers aren't professional assassins with highly specialized military training, after all. But this? No. There isn't anything here, John."
"Yeah, sit there and try not to fall over," she replied. "Or get kidnapped, or shot. I know it's a bit of a tall order for you."
The yellow light from the lamp pooled on the table and mixed with the blue-tinted illumination from his laptop's screen and John's, making the darkness outside the windows seem deeper. Sherlock sat pushed back from the desk, palms pressed together, fingertips resting on his chin, and stared at the open book in front of him. He'd had Anthea deliver a new copy of Grimm's Fairy Tales and had been researching nursery rhymes online.
John fetched his laptop and checked for art galleries in Mayfair – then sighed. There were dozens and a number of them were within a few blocks of the sandwich shop Doe had frequented. He'd have to wait until Mycroft came through on the case files.
"It was raining. Pouring in fact. Again! And he didn't have to write anything down this time, oh no. I suppose that probably dismayed him but– oh! So obvious."
"Where?" he asked and Mycroft gestured up the stairs. From an unseen room Sherlock could hear the sound of someone crying. The wife was at home, then.
Lestrade sighed but nodded. John felt a moment's relief at not having to go into their personal life – as much as he liked the DI, he really didn't want to hash out his marital problems with Lestrade. He had no desire for anyone on the Met to know about what was going on, either. It would only make it harder for Sherlock to work with them – and Sherlock
He also hoped Mycroft had enough sense not to lord it over his brother's head. The last thing Sherlock needed now was any kind of condescension from his older brother. Nor did he need Mycroft guilting him about turning away from the case.
chocolate. John hadn't understood anything Sherlock had ordered, since it had all been in French, and had been surprised at how long the order had taken.
"And when this illegally obtained medication comes from one of our own," Gabriel interjected. "And you neglect to mention it to either of us."
Normally John was all for that, but this morning, he was glad he didn't have to wake up to Sherlock waiting for him, still in his pyjamas or, even worse, fully dressed.
"Thank you for taking care of him," she said, turning back to Sherlock. "Both of you," she added, looking at John who gave a brief nod.
"Stay back," one of the paramedics warned but he was ignored and shouldered aside. Behind him he could hear John say something about being a doctor. Sherlock's eyes scanned his brother quickly – he was unconscious and badly bruised, bleeding from several wounds on his head, face, and hands. His normally immaculate clothing was torn and singed. His skin and hair were coated with dust. His right shoulder was at a bad angle, likely dislocated, and the crooked set of his nose and the blood on his upper lip suggested it was broken. Sherlock could not make out anything else, not with the clothing covering the rest of Mycroft's body and the relief hammering along with the pulse in his ears.
. Every hour since they returned, it seemed. John wondered what Sherlock and Mycroft had each found. If they'd kept each other informed. If they'd tell him if he asked.
"I ran into her while I was having coffee with Tricia. We chatted. That's all. I'm not about to run off and have an affair with her or with anyone. I'm not trying to get you back because that would be childish and unjustified. I'm not going to cheat on you because I'm angry at you, and you
"In the meantime, I'd like to see him," Mycroft cut in coolly. "Our parents would like some reassurance that their youngest son is still alive and breathing."
"We could always arrest you," Lestrade said, entirely too cheerfully for John's taste. The neurologist tried to hide a smile as she left.
"Yes. Because you were doing so well. I know how hard it was for you, but you worked hard at it. And I'm a doctor. I know all of the health problems associated with smoking. I don't want you to have any of them."
"I don't mean this, Mycroft!" John shouted, patience unravelling. "I don't mean Adler's body, if this is really her, which it
He knew it pleased John, too, to see this evidence of recovery. Or perhaps evidence that part of him had not been lost in that space of a few, fragile seconds.
"Sorry to have stopped you," she said, acting (surely it must be acting?) utterly oblivious to the penetrating glower that would have had most people ducking for cover or stammering a profuse apology. "His mistake."
He wondered how much of it Sherlock had already seen – had the detective actually looked through her phone? Even that idea had set John on edge; he curled his hands into fists and reminded himself that Sherlock had shown little inclination for anything like this in the past, and that he'd
"She buried it," Morgan retorted. "We knew she was involved in RIRA, that's how we were able to trace it. Those weren't faked charities, Inspector, they were real. Their finances were managed by different accountants but the same firm – giving one person access to all of them. Money was skimmed, here and there, but carefully and it was well covered."
"Since you would know before I did if I was having an affair, I don't think you should be too worried about it."
He took the time to dry his hair carefully when he emerged. It wasn’t strictly necessary, since he wasn’t going to be seen by anyone but John and entirely intended that John should mess it up, but there was such a thing as standards. He could rarely remember an instance in which he’d opted to let it dry naturally – the halo of curls was frizzy and unattractive if left to its own devices.
He tried to haul himself back up, feeling a stab of panic at the sound of coughing beside him. His own lungs protested; John tried to fight them and failed, doubling over, trying to keep Sherlock in his grip as his lungs seized.
"How do you not know, John?" Sherlock snapped again, familiar frustration at being asked to repeat himself overlying the bright, crackling anger for just a moment. "About the Woman! How do
"I'm eighty-four, Sherlock," he replied. "I'm an old man. I don't want to put myself through that. But I will, if you want me to."
Georges' age didn't help temper the expression at all; John had been expecting someone much older from the wording and tone of the letter, but he was probably younger than Sherlock by a year or two, no more than mid-thirties at best, and disarmingly friendly when he greeted them in accented but fluent English.
The night before he'd caught Sherlock smoking. It felt like a lifetime ago. He remembered John in Edinburgh, in his kilt, and the image made him shudder. He'd made John shout that night, heedless of the other hotel guests.
Then again, they’d all missed Janine Hawkins until Jim had slipped up and whispered something about her, and Irene had been able to catch Sherlock very much off his guard the first time they’d met.
"Hang on!" the constable ordered again, and John braced himself as best he could one-handed, teeth gritted against the impact that didn't come.
He sipped it gingerly – mostly it was just hot, without any real flavour, the way takeaway tea so often was. John didn't care. The heat and the caffeine helped, making him feel somewhat more human.
The doctor raised his eyes to meet the detective's and saw that there were still some uncertainties there. He could have figured it out, deduced it all down to the answer, but he was waiting for John to explain. Irrationally, he found this both endearing and stupid.
But he couldn't. He couldn't stop hearing them, nor could he stop the images of the flat as a disaster, the files and notes and maps spread everywhere, or Sherlock looking gaunt, pale and tired, bent over his work, determined to find the killer.
The hollow clang as the locks snapped home immediately shifted the atmosphere – they were alone now. The isolation made the fluorescent lights too bright, seemed to bring John's controlled breathing into sharper counterpoint with Sam's ragged exhalations.
Her contact was waiting for her when she arrived, as planned. Mary slipped into the seat across from him, glancing up to signal a waiter. The food here was never short of amazing, and she owed it to herself not to waste the opportunity.
The reality of that hit home for John, very literally one evening when the late autumn rain had driven them indoors, hinting at the encroaching winter, dampening the habitual hustle and noise just outside their door.
"Oh, yes, thank you," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "That will certainly help persuade me, won't it? It's hardly my fault you're a tiny person."
he demanded, refocusing, marking the position of the police officers with little more effort than it took to gauge his own physical presence. Remarkable how that awareness included John – or the lack of John. It always had, but had become more pronounced, as if better knowing John physically made it easier to understand how he fit into the space around him.
Carefully, the detective tipped a bit of wax onto John's arm. The doctor clenched his jaw and inhaled sharply through his nose, then exhaled quickly. Sherlock's grin grew. He put the candle in the holder and set it on the desk. John's eyes flickered to follow it, dark and gleaming in the dancing light.
His heart skipped a beat and his stomach plummeted suddenly, everything else forgotten. He went cold, lungs constricting, lungs refusing to bring in enough air. Goosebumps jumped up on his arms, the hair of the back of his neck stood on end. The bag sat there mutely.
?” Sherlock asked in reply, the corners of his lips twitching upward. Gabriel sat back with a huff, but there was humour behind it, and a glimmer in his eyes.
Vaguely, he wondered what it would be like to understand it as well as he did London, to pick up on all its subtle hints and secrets. He'd learned his way around well enough when he'd been here during his exile – always taking care to know everything he needed to keep himself alive, hidden, and as safe as he could be, but discarding it as unnecessary once he'd returned home.
"Of course, dear," she said, leaning down to kiss his forehead again. "Sherlock, make sure he's able to sleep. No explosions."
"You're angry at him because he was a terrorist – precisely the same kind of problem you were fighting against in Afghanistan. But he changed his mind. Oh, granted, he
No room to manoeuvre, and John couldn't see what that did, couldn't see the burn across his shoulders, down his arms to the tip of each fingers, muscles screaming at the abuse, at being suspended for so long without reprieve.
The Woman… he would have left her alone. Content in the knowledge that she was out there, somewhere, and she'd come and gone from his life, significant once and then not.
"Coffee?" he asked, lifting the mug ever so slightly. Sam swallowed, suddenly aware that his mouth was very dry. He nodded and John crossed the room, handing him the hot drink carefully.
"Nope," John said, trailing his fingertips just under the collar of Sherlock's shirt, feeling the sudden jump of goose bumps. "This time, you're just watching."
Sherlock exhaled hard against John's skin and felt the doctor's fingers weave into his hair, tugging lightly to het him to raise his head. Sherlock ignored the sensation and stayed where he was.
"Yes, and we'd expect them to leave footprints as well – and they would expect us to expect that. These are clever men – balance of probability for their sex – who orchestrated a very elaborate exchange without being detected until it was far too late. They would know that we'd find this, eventually."
He didn’t want his image of his partner changed, not like that. He didn’t want to strip Sherlock down to some base level, to see him as somehow vulnerable.
He folded in on himself, bending over the mug of tea. He didn't care that Sandra was sitting right there – what did it matter? John had left and it was his fault. He replayed the fight again and again, screaming silently at himself each time to listen, not to say the things he'd said, to hear what John was saying, to focus. He hadn't been focusing. Yes, he had – but on the case, not on John.
Sherlock said nothing to that, but passed his cup back to John and shuffled down under the blankets, deliberately closing his eyes. John sighed, put the cups aside, and leaned over to press a light kiss against the exposed skin of his partner's forehead. Sherlock tensed briefly but didn't pull away, and John let him go, padding back to his own narrow bed in the hopes of finding a bit more sleep.
"His hands also eliminated the possibility of him being a police officer – why would he show signs of such physical labour? But perhaps he was shot while on duty and retired early and changed professions. That doesn't solve the problem of why he didn't turn up in the police system. Of course, if he were from another country – Ireland, for example – his identity isn't likely to be on file with the Met and other British police forces.
"I don't– I can't really remember what I was like before. Before all of this happened, five years ago. But before that, too. Before I joined Interpol, before I left and went to France for training then went undercover. It's like– it's like it wasn't real. Not really me."
It was easier to be here, where he had room to think. To breathe. Tina had left her desk ready for the next day, as if she'd just been in and had stepped away briefly, a snapshot of ordered productivity frozen in time. Sherlock ignored it beyond noting it, eyes sweeping over the open desk calendar to one side, barely used, the clean and empty tea mug (that he'd bought her, years ago, in Shanghai), the incongruously abandoned pen.
Well, no one had ever claimed Sherlock was a simple person. John knew he wouldn't have it any other way, even now, even when things were complicated between them. Despite everything, it was never boring. But he was John's and John was his and that was really all that mattered.
," he stressed when Sherlock drew a breath to interject, "you beat her last time. Why not this time? If this leads back to her, well…"
He wondered if Sherlock caught the thought on his features but didn’t care; he wanted all of this behind them – Irene Adler, Mary, the memory tests, the PET scans, the family visits, the flurry of concerned posts and questions on his blog, the flood of flowers and good wishes from people John thought had never even met them.
He pulled away, brown eyes bright, cheeks still streaked with tears of laughter. John crossed back to the bed, and picked up the picture of himself and Tricia, holding it up.
In the lift on the way down to the car park, where Gerald was waiting patiently to help him escape, Sherlock turned on the very private and very secret GPS tracker on John's phone.
She turned it round and he saw it was a framed picture. His own parents smiled back at him from a time when they'd been much younger, and his father had still been alive. John remembered when that photo had been taken – shortly after he'd joined the army, and he'd been on leave for the weekend. They'd gone for a picnic in a nearby park in the warm spring weather, and he'd taken the photo at their request.
Sherlock was more restrained once Gabriel arrived, but he wasn't entirely willing to let someone else's presence stand in the way of showing off. Pierre had already begun the work on the designs, and from what John had seen, it was going to take some effort for him to pay attention to the actual ceremony.
He settled on the bed beside his sleeping husband and read for awhile before fetching his book of crosswords and working on that. Sherlock slept for almost an hour before he shifted and stretched, murmuring a deep contented sound. John put his book away and leaned back on the headboard, watching with a half smile as Sherlock woke up, writhing lazily to get his blood moving again.
Irene had gone – Sherlock had dismissed her after a brief but fruitless discussion; they were not going to make any progress on the problem without Gabriel’s input. Not because they couldn’t, but because Sherlock wasn’t willing to let them.
Sherlock heaved a sigh and dropped his head slightly to one side, arching an eyebrow as it to ask if John were serious. After a moment, he rolled his eyes again.
asked me to take this case because he could not make any progress! Like dozens of cases before and dozens of cases to come!
"Tea and toast, I think," Sherlock declared and was back in the kitchen, the sounds of porcelain being knocked about making John wince. A few minutes later, he was being presented with tea – as always, too sweet but still welcome – and toast scraped with the barest amount of jam. John smiled at the fussing and sipped his tea gingerly.
Sherlock was still and silent for a moment, and John thought he'd miscalculated again, but the detective shook his head.
"He seemed pretty certain on that point, and on the name. Whether or not it's real," Gabriel added, spreading his hands.
He missed his husband so suddenly that it hurt and he couldn't swallow on the grunt that forced itself from his throat. He felt small and alone and knew that was how Sherlock must have felt, standing on the pavement the day before, shouting after John's cab. He'd watched his mother die, part of his world collapsing around him. Then he'd watched John walk away from him.
His records listed the identification of a small, precancerous mole that needed to be removed. There were notes about the biopsy and the surgery – which would have been very minor, had it actually happened – and follow-up notes about the recovery, including some details about plastic surgery to remove the scar.
"Known as 'Kipper' to his friends for reasons I cannot fathom, and last registered signing into the building twelve days ago. While his company had him listed as being on holiday."
he thought, fist tightening unnoticed around the small plastic tube. Moriarty had taken so much – Sherlock's eyesight, his health, his energy. Their lives. Robbed them of
Sherlock stepped up behind him and put a hand on the back of his neck, rubbing his thumb down John's spine. The doctor shuddered lightly and glanced up, tilting his head back to get a proper view of his husband. Sherlock bent down, bringing his lips to John's ear.
A week after they'd been to Buckinghamshire they were back again, for a much different reason. It was cold and drizzling when they buried William Holmes next to his wife. John stood huddled with Sherlock under an umbrella, close enough so that they could clasp gloved hands without being observed.
"I'm not leaving you, Sherlock. I'm going out for a bit. I'm going to Tricia's, so you can ring her if there's a real emergency, but I need some space for a little awhile. I'll be back tonight or tomorrow morning at the very latest."
"Sherlock–" John began, no more successfully than Mycroft; Sherlock held up a hand, silencing him. John bit his lower lip against the flare of annoyance, watching impatiently as Sherlock stood still, the flickering of his eyelashes the only indication that he wasn't simply staring off into space.
There would be photos on William Scott’s phone and laptop from this trip, too. Sherlock had posed for them, after all, with his invented partner, Theodor – not his real name, of course.
Sometimes he'd fall asleep in this position, only to jerk himself awake when the front door opened and John came home.
He probably should have gone to the A&E, but he would have fought that, too, and a careful examination – accompanied by hisses and winces – satisfied John that ribs were bruised but not broken.
Gabriel trusted Sherlock's judgment with other people, even if he didn't entirely trust Sherlock's judgment for his own life right now.
A year later, when Take That disbanded, she was devastated. She kept the poster up for months in hopes that they would get back together, but took it down that summer because they were clearly a stupid band and she was only wasting her time on them.
Sam stared at him a moment, then looked away sharply. There was another pause before he answered and Sherlock could see him debating whether or not he would.
, he thought with a smile, closing his eyes. Three weeks ago, he wouldn't have been able to imagine perfection if he'd tried. The image certainly wouldn't have involved a calm and relaxed Sherlock. John knew he was probably the only person who saw Sherlock this way and that he was lucky for it. Everyone else saw what Sherlock wanted them to see – to a greater or lesser extent. John got it all. He thought about that for a moment. Sometimes that made it next to impossible to deal with him. Other times, it meant moments like this.
The look the doctor cast over his shoulder told Sherlock that John did indeed know, and the knowledge sat poorly with Sherlock, an inescapable weight in his stomach. He spread his hands, as if in admission that he knew John knew.
It was a body – a woman's body, impeccably dressed, hair obviously carefully styled at one point, although most of it had shaken free, matted with dark blood. She was ringed with forensic markers and artificial lights, and laid out almost like she'd been staged: on her back, face turned towards the sky, wearing a slightly surprised expression.
"If you wish to offer my brother's services to Lestrade, feel free," Sherlock sniffed. "I am not being dragged into that. Any contact with Mycroft before Christmas always results in him insisting we celebrate the holidays together."
He wished he'd thought to bring a change of clothes – not to mention soap and deodorant – but he could text Harry the next morning. In the meantime, John stripped down to his t-shirt and boxers, settling onto the cot and listening to Sherlock's steady breathing.
She'd never killed a personal client of course, but a number of her clients were cheerful and inventive liars who happily spread small exaggerations in hushed voices, all for the promise of preferential treatment.
"I only serve two kinds, love. Regular and decaf. Most of the boys don't drink the decaf – he wasn't any different."
Who had Tricia and Jamie now, both former military. And a one year old baby. A whole, growing family in a house in the midst of the bustle and life of central London.
"Following the events in April leading to James Murray's absence from the vote and the recovery of Kelsi Murray's body, a committee was formed to investigate both the initial crime and the more recent circumstances in hopes of identifying why Murray was being targeted and to identify the responsible party. This sort of thing is not treated lightly, Sherlock. An MP has been harassed, threatened and a member of his family has been murdered in an attempt to bully him into compliance. This goes beyond pressure or even simple intimidation and has no place in a civilised society or in our government. Benjamin Laurence sat on this committee, as did Arthur Kenton. As do I."
The slight, nearly imperceptible limp, and the faintest creasing on the lower right leg of his trousers were enough to announce the reason for his delay; his leg was bothering him – albeit not much – and he'd been to see John about it.
It wasn't unheard of. Perhaps more common now. Cold feet on the father's part? The mother giving him an out if he'd wanted it. He had decided not to take it.
It had been a long time since he'd seen Sherlock operating on sheer adrenaline rather than a combination of adrenaline, something approaching a proper diet and adequate sleeping patterns. He was paler than normal and looked drawn and far too young.
When Mycroft didn't deign to reply, Sherlock raised his head with a huff, aware that his glare was undermined by his dishevelled hair and rumpled pyjamas – Mycroft, of course, was smartly dressed, poised and polished, evaluating Sherlock with that infuriating older brother expression that made Sherlock feel five years old again.
It was sobering and unpleasant. More so when John realized he didn't really notice the lack of her presence in his life. For so long, he'd never truly felt like she was there, unless she was causing him trouble. Save for the brief period when she'd been sober. He made himself remember that she'd come to the hospital to visit him following Sherlock's crash. It had been the one time she'd supported him when he'd really needed her. Everything else revolved around her needing him, or her letting him down.
“Still,” John said, stroking his thumb over the soft skin on the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, feeling the slight jump in his partner’s pulse. “Let me make it up to you.”
Sherlock nodded, eyes still closed, face still buried against John. John combed his fingers through his husband's hair then leaned down, pressing his cheek against the top of Sherlock's head. Sherlock exhaled hard and John could feel the warmth of his breath through his clothes.
He was certain it was all there, waiting for him, bits and pieces that needed to be put together the way he'd been trying to do in Wales, and preventing himself at every turn for fear of what the memories might do.
Sherlock gave a distracted nod, and without thinking about it, John knelt down, a faint but sharp inhalation stopping him before he'd even begun.
The sound of his partner shifting, lying down on the bench just above him, was accompanied by the trail of fingertips up and down his spine, the touch drawing up goose bumps in its wake.
"Forgive me," Georges said, claiming an overstuffed arm chair for himself, deftly moving a baby monitor so it was resting on the table next to him. Now that John noticed it, he could hear the faint sounds of soft breathing coming from it. "You probably 'ear this all time, but meeting you – it is amazing! I am a 'uge fan,
Of course, Sherlock had neglected to bring his phone down, and there could be any number of messages waiting for him – John had been held up in a queue at the shops, or had run into some friend, or been waylaid by a list of other errands.
Sherlock settled into his chair, back to the sprawling view of the Thames, turned on the exquisite sound system, which handled Beethoven almost better than any living performance could, and brought his hands together, fingertips brushing his nose.
"I shouldn't think I have much to be humble about," Sherlock replied, cocking an eyebrow. John grinned, reaching up to pull the hat off, letting Sherlock's now matted curls spring free.
“Here we go,” Bill said, plunking a beer down in front of John, the foam threatening to spill over the rim of the glass. “Round five, isn’t it?”
Mycroft had dismissed all the staff – with generous severance pay – except for one caretaker. Sherlock found it odd that someone needed to stay in the uninhabited house and maintain it for no one but himself, although he suspected his brother would take up residence there more often. It would give Angela and David MacTaggart somewhere more private to come when they wanted to be close to London but not within the city itself.
"This is what I was doing before," the detective sighed as John settled back onto the arm of the chair, leaning past him to play the video.
The sensation was nearly suffocating. Years of carefully building his reputation, carving out a career for himself, yet he was constantly walking into these webs, trapped in situations orchestrated by unseen forces, being guided like a marionette on very short strings.
"Fine," John grouched, only half serious. He pushed himself carefully to his feet, grimacing slightly at the ache that had settled back into his shoulder. Sherlock followed him down the hallway to the bedroom, so close he was almost on John's heels yet managing not to trip him up. John was surprised to realize how accustomed he'd grown to that, and how it had never really bothered him as much as he'd pretended.
There was no other information from that time, no mention of injuries, medications, or rehabilitation therapies. Whether those records existed or not was irrelevant at the moment – she knew Holmes had been injured, and suspected the extent of his injuries had been worse than she remembered. She’d only seen him the once, briefly, and not immediately before his miraculous escape.
They'd never actually had sex in public before, although there had been a few times when waiting to get back to Baker Street (or at least somewhere private) had been a near thing – those times, both of them had been on a post-case high, buzzing with adrenaline and triumph, desperate and impatient.
"I appreciate that you're attempting to find this assassin and the man behind him, but be aware that Mycroft is injured," she said, fixing Sherlock with a firm gaze. He nodded coolly and Angela put a hand on David's shoulder.
Still, the silent warning appeared to be enough for her, and she resumed her brisk, professional efficiency, albeit with slightly less of a sunny disposition. Tea and coffee were expertly made and delivered promptly, enough for two, with Cheryl ensconced in his office.
He almost laughed, swallowing on it hard, focusing on the pain to quell the absurd humour. Less than an hour ago, Morgan had been regretting too many choices for who had put Riley in the hospital.
"I'm not saying she does," Sherlock sighed. "I'm saying we could draw that conclusion just as reasonably as yours
At this, Gabriel raised both of his eyebrows. Sherlock leaned back in his chair, assessing his second-in-command, satisfied by the skepticism he saw written plainly on Gabriel’s features.
He suddenly wanted to ask if John missed it, the question hovering, unspoken, on his tongue. It had been John's home first, where Sherlock had installed him after hiring him, part of the conditions of John's contract. A real flat to call his own and protection for Mrs. Hudson.
– is the easier option." He noted that her eyes didn't dart toward the door of her own flat, but only because she was keeping her gaze firmly on him. "Sometimes, it takes a lot more to face up to what needs to be done to make things work."
It didn't do him any good to start down that path – and it certainly didn't heal his shoulder. He'd done what he could to help Sherlock on the case, and until he got some new information from the detective, he could keep busy with some lighter tasks. No sense moping about, it wouldn't change anything.
, Sherlock replied, and John cursed, voice loud over the faint electronic hum that permeated the room. He was on his feet and striding down the hallway before he knew it, barging in on the techs with only a cursory knock.
The cabbie's eyes widened with alarm and Sherlock resisted the impulse to roll his own eyes – maybe that would force the man into cooperation. He gestured to John and left the room. Lestrade was standing down the hall with his arms folded, leaning against the wall.
"Nor do you," Sherlock pointed out dryly. "You had yours done not two weeks ago." John shrugged lightly, grinning, and the detective glowered, managing to slump somehow both gracefully and petulantly into the chair next to John.
“I do work here,” Sherlock pointed out. John gave an exasperated sigh, sitting back in his chair. Sherlock had every capacity to derail him – and to piss him off even more.
"Twelve years ago, a man named Patrick Connolly was found murdered at the Gossard Gallery in Mayfair."
"No, that was it." She glanced over her shoulder again to make sure the other patrons were still satisfied, then turned back to John. "Is he in some kind of trouble?"
," Georges said, which John understood well enough. Their client vanished into his kitchen, reappearing shortly with freshly brewed coffee, and John grinned again at the suspicious way Sherlock sniffed his, as if expecting poison.
Sherlock huffed, arms folded, refusing to concede the point. It had been annoying but not terribly upsetting when Irene had decided she'd wanted a child, but it had been galling when Charles had actually agreed to her request to provide the paternal DNA. Worse still was that his French lieutenant actually seemed to take an interest – admittedly, that was because of Dominique, Sherlock was sure, but nonetheless.
The doctor's eyes flitted downward again as Sherlock reached between them and picked up the silk scarf. He raised his eyebrows questioningly and John nodded quickly, and exhaled slowly, trying to control his rapid breathing. Sherlock smiled, gave him a quick kiss, then folded the scarf over John's eyes, tying it behind his head. He tucked the ends of the scarves into the blindfold, smoothing his fingers over John's skin.
"You know, she – Morgan – told me I had a son who died. Thomas. That was his name. Apparently. I never remember to ask her what my wife was called. It doesn't mean anything to me. It must have done, right?"
"Of course she does," Sherlock sniffed, not deigning to acknowledge John's derisive snort or Hassard's raised eyebrows.
Sherlock held John's gaze, letting him see nothing but the certainty; the doctor finally nodded, tilting his head back and exhaling a harsh sigh.
When he came back down, Sherlock was completely submerged, bent knees sticking out, wet hair floating around his head like a short halo. He shifted slightly when John ran his fingers carefully through his hair, moving just enough to expose his face to breathe. John didn't bother with shampoo – Sherlock was too picky to use what remained down here, and John didn't want to get soap in the fresh cut anyway.
– after she'd whispered the command to flee and had followed, leaving a trail of chaos behind her. Not even really her face, just her eyes, dark and unaccented by any makeup, scrutinizing him from behind black veils, seeing through the last of his tattered defenses without weakening any of hers.
, Mycroft! Who else do you think he's going to bloody believe about this? I don't even know if he'll believe me! This needs to be rock solid–"
He'd scoured his memories, looking for some hint or sign, trying to figure out if he'd suspected anything, even deep down, even in passing. But there was nothing. He hadn't known because Sherlock had ensured that he hadn't known.
When she’d exhausted her memory, she went back further – there was no reason to assume that the dinner at Mycroft and Angela’s had to be the starting point. It took some doing, and she was vaguely aware of the clock quietly ticking away the minutes, and of a distant gratitude toward Alexander, who had deftly taken on nannying duties as expertly and as tolerantly as he did every other aspect of his job.
"Although now we have to find it again," Sherlock murmured, half to himself, half to the silent space where John ought to have been. "Molly, a toxicology report will determine the cause of this man's death – I suspect when we find Douglas' body, we will also find the same poison was used to kill him."
"How do you know I was looking up another man?" Sherlock replied, the cool hint in his voice completely feigned.
John felt a wave of relief so sudden and unexpected that he managed to keep himself standing upright only from long ingrained military training. He let his head drop back and closed his eyes, exhaling a deep sigh, his hold loosening on the phone.
The nurse finally let him in, doing a quick scan of Sherlock's vitals and making a few notes before leaving them in the ICU's stifling silence.
"I know, it's confusing. Let me start at the beginning. I've got some notes and sketches of the pub, too."
He knocked on the window, saw the man inside start before he could get the reaction under control, near panic flashing across his expression. Sherlock smiled again, warm but dangerous, waggling his fingers in greeting.
He leaned his head back against the couch and looked up at the ceiling. He wondered if she was right. It didn't feel like she was, not really. The memories from the bridge ghosted along the edges of his mind, always there, always ready to jump to the fore when given the chance. He wanted them to fade like the other memories had but he didn't want to wait. The idea of it taking time was unbearable. He wanted his life back. He wanted to feel normal again, like Sam again.
“Very likely,” Sherlock replied. “But what of it? I travel for business frequently, often on short notice, often for days at a time. I’m sure he’ll note it because he’s keeping an eye on you, but
John sighed, dropping his head slightly, then looking back up. He took Sherlock's hands and ran his thumb over Sherlock's wedding band, alarmed at how easily it turned against his skin. Sherlock tensed slightly at the sensation and looked down as well.
He closed his eyes briefly, rubbing a hand wearily across them. As soon as he shut his flat from view, he saw Sherlock standing in front of him, gun aimed, felt the cold air, the pain, heard the sound of Moriarty's mocking laugh, of Sherlock's carefully paced words.
"Shoes," he said, and Sherlock whimpered as he linked his legs around John's waist, toeing off his shoes and then his socks, kicking them all aside.
"What?" John asked, struggling to catch up and trying to shrug off Sherlock's grasp at the same time. The detective tightened his grip until John gave up. "Wait, what do you mean no one's died?"
Donovan bit her lower lip, nodding, looking away again. At least it would be her mess. Her decision, her terms. Her people would do what was needed and Scotland Yard could foot the bill for all of the overtime.
"You can have a one-sided fight, but only with yourself. I see that a lot, too – Sam's a champion at it when he's in a bad mood. But we can't have a fight in which one of us is completely right and the other one is completely wrong. Not really. I know you think what you did is wrong. I'm not disputing that. But making mistakes doesn't make you a terrible person. It makes you human."
"There was an incident," Sherlock said, words nearly tumbling over themselves to keep John where he was. "In Pakistan. Ten years ago. It was…" He lost the thread, because how to explain what it was?
, John thought, but had to admit to himself that it wasn't the most irresponsible thing he'd done since he'd met Sherlock.
John was surprised the nurses hadn't just called security upon seeing them – Sherlock looked like some vision from a nightmare; his clothing and skin were smeared, his face a mask of dust that clung to his skin and mixed with his sweat, leaving circles of white skin around his eyes that made his irises look even paler and more striking. His hair was flattened on top from the hardhat but curled around his ears and cheeks and along the back of his neck, streaked with soot. He had scratches all down his arms and several small cuts dotted with dried blood. He was still wearing the high visibility vest over a dark green silk shirt that was torn here and there, utterly ruined. He towered over the nursing staff, grey eyes flashing, expression indignant as he spoke with a deep snarl, his lips curling in disdain, his tone verging on the edge of snapping.
“Jumper,” Sherlock said, trying to keep his tone from being too curt. Working at cross purposes, they managed to get it off, leaving John in his underwear and a t-shift, and Sherlock helped his partner onto the bed fully, dragging the duvet over him. John gave him a sleepy look of thanks that Sherlock didn’t think even registered with the doctor, and fell back asleep.
"Why Adler?" Mary asked when he finished, and Sherlock studiously avoided John's gaze now – this had nothing to do with him but he felt the weight of it anyway; if he hadn't been so easily captivated, so taken by the buzz of an intellectual equal, the thrill of a challenge, if he'd just kept all his wits about him… It might have been easier to step away from all of this and see if from the cool vantage point of objectivity.
"Spot on. Toward the service lift. I checked the cameras monitoring the lift as well, and they've been tampered with. So have the ones in the parking garage. Whoever did this knew what they were doing – and had reliable access to the security footage."
"What?" Lestrade asked, earning an aggrieved sigh, Sherlock's fingers drumming impatiently against the wall.
"No." John's hand wrapped around Sherlock's wrist, holding hard, stopping the detective from unlocking their front door. "Not a chance," the doctor added, throwing a hard glare at Bridget.
He touched his brother's cheek now. It was still warm. It hadn't been long, perhaps less than half an hour. A wry smile touched his lips. John would have been able to tell him, probably to the minute.
Sherlock's lips twitched, a hesitant near smile; John tangled his hand into dark curls, drawing them together, letting lips linger. The slight tilt of Sherlock's head deepened the kiss, a long body shifted to pattern itself around John's. The hand resting on the curve of his lower back wasn't exactly casual – not with the way Sherlock's ring finger was worming a bit of space between John's shirt and his jeans. A leg hooked over his, crooks of their knees linked, keeping them together, upright.
"Sherlock," John muttered under his breath but the detective ignored his husband. He didn't have time for niceties right now – the Met were dragging their feet on everything, slowing him down.
He wanted John Watson to come back. The doctor was so good at explaining things in a way that made sense.
It wasn't Adair's death that had put her onto Mary's trail. But perhaps the abrupt, and very final, abortion of that deal had turned her attention more closely to Mary.
Mycroft gazed at the report on his desk, expression blank only from years of practice. Internally, the storm was kept at bay simply because he had no desire to feel it, but if he’d let himself, the anger – the
He thought of Sherlock the first time the detective had allowed himself to cry following his mother's death and then the harsh denial of any more grief that had caused him to destroy his violin. He remembered Sherlock collapsing against him after that, finally giving way to tears. But it hadn't been enough. He'd continued fighting it, convinced he'd win if he just kept at it.
"Colder than it should have been. I think– no, I know I had been wearing a jacket earlier that day, when he made us walk around down by the Strand."
"So what? How does that change Mary knowing? You said it yourself: just because Alexandre Georges didn't bother to find out about her doesn't mean she wouldn't have found out about him – or that she hadn't known her whole life!"
sleep but couldn't get it, the promise of dreamlessness much less critical now than it had been when she'd given him that first bottle ten years ago.
"I wouldn't mind seeing you doing the push ups and sit ups," he replied. "But I doubt you'd do any of that, because I could beat you at all of it. You wouldn't stand a chance against me."
Her private clients never came here, of course, but that didn't stop the gifts from arriving. Everyone wanted to be first on her list when she returned, and she'd been mulling it over more and more lately, a clear sign that she was nearly ready to step back into that role. She could feel it, too, a faint unease lingering just beneath her skin, desires that wanted to be satisfied, like a mild itch she knew she'd have to scratch soon.
John pushed the kitchen window open wider, letting in the fresh air and the sounds of traffic and voices from below. Whatever caustic smell Sherlock had concocted began to fade more rapidly – or he was becoming used to it.
Bridget had been raised in Cardiff, Sherlock reminded himself. Surely some of her skills must have come from that experience.
