“Alright, well, everything looks great.  You’ve been doing a good job, Dean.  The babies look healthy and they are a good size, which is why you’re larger than usual when you’re this far along.  I’m going to get you a few print outs of the pictures and some other information and we’ll get you on your way.”
“You have been busy,” his mother remarked.  “You’ve kept a lot from me lately.”
Cas smiled at him and Dean felt a familiar warmth spread through him that had nothing to do with his drink.  It took Cas a minute to respond to him though.  Dean could see several thoughts flow through his mind before he spoke.
, Dean thought, but only nodded falling in step with Cas.  He let Cas take the lead because Dean wasn’t sure where exactly they were going.  When they arrived at the market Dean was excited.  There were so many vendors on the lawn and everything looked great.
When Dean woke up the next morning he was disoriented.  He shot up in bed and looked around the brightly lit room in panic before he remembered where he was.  The reality of the night before hit him and he flopped back down into the bed.
His sweet, gentle mate had broken through his defenses without him knowing about it.  He thought about how Dean took care of him and was always glad to see him.  He remembered how the omega would smile at Cas and how Cas enjoyed listening to Dean talk about his day while they ate dinner together.  He thought about the terrace and the nursery ideas.
Dean looked up at him and nodded.  “I know, Cas.  I’m sorry too.”
“Of course, Alpha,” Chuck murmured.  Dean wiped a hand down his face before he stomped his feet in his boots and belted his short sword to his hips.   He leaned over and kissed Cas gently on his head, scenting him.
“Oh, Dean, this is Eileen, my housekeeper.”
When it was over, the doctor stood and let a nurse clean Dean before they put him in a hospital gown.  They tended to his split lip and ordered some tests for his head.
Cas pulled back out of the refrigerator and shut the door, turning to Dean.  “I wanted to do something for you, Dean.  I need to do this.  It’s silly, but there is a part of me that needs to provide for you.  I need you to know that you’re cared for and loved.  That you and Emma will have nourishing food-
She nodded.  “And being intimate?” she asked.  “It’s been several weeks since the heat.  Have you had any type of sex since then?”
“I know, Cas, thank you,” Dean told him.  He sighed and snuggled deeper into the alpha’s side.  Cas rubbed his chin over Dean’s head to mark him slightly and he relaxed further.  They were quiet again for a while before Cas asked him another question.  Dean knew something was coming because his scent had started leaking his worry.
Dean sighed.  “I think she’s telling the truth, but I can’t be sure.  I can’t get a clear read on her scent under the pain and herbs.  I don’t know the Azazel pack well.  They are far away, separated by many other packs between us and them.  I’ve heard nothing good, which means that she’s had a tough life if she’s telling the truth.  For now, I’m content to let her heal and we’ll talk again once she’s better.”
“I never understood that mentality,” Charlie told him.  “I mean, you are eventually going to have to purchase new clothing, right?  That shit is expensive, so why not get them early and get as much wear out of them as possible?  Plus you’ll be more comfortable.  I can’t imagine making due with too tight pants is going to be fun.  Especially sitting three hours in a lecture,” she finished, cocking a brow at him.
Sitting at the table Cas felt much better.  When Dean had continued talking about him being stable master, it had hit him hard.  He wasn’t sure if Dean was completely oblivious or he was trying to tell Cas something but he had felt as though his mate had rejected him.
Cas had been barely holding his alpha in check since last night and hearing that his mate was gone and his mother had voided the contract for their marriage pushed him right over the edge.  The red flared in his eyes and he had the other alpha backed up against the wall by his throat in seconds.
He gently laid him down on the top of the bed and stepped further up to Cas’ head as Tessa took his place, murmuring orders to the two other healers that had appeared.  He saw Chuck and Naomi at the foot of the bed.
“Dean,” Cas whispered desperately.  “I want to mate you.”
“Daaaaaddddyyyyyy!” his little girl squealed.  “Please!  It’s time to go downstairs!”
“Sam thinks he’s done something wrong, but really, Dean, how can you blame him?  You should talk to him and get this
“Feeling okay,” Dean told him.
He was suddenly so grateful to Charlie for wanting to check on Dean.  If Cas had even bothered to check on him when he got home, it would have been hours and hours.  If, that is, he would have checked on Dean.  A shudder ran through him at the thought of Dean and their pup dying upstairs while he sat down on the couch stewing.
Cas was standing in the middle of the living room holding Emma tightly with his eyes closed.  His nose was buried in her hair and he was breathing deeply.  He was scenting her.  Emma’s fist was bunched in the fabric of his dress shirt and her nose was firmly planted in his neck.  She was scenting him.
Dean slid across the soft leather bench seat and Cas followed him inside.  Dean realized his hands were shaking and he pressed them between his thighs to stop the trembling.  The reality of the situation was now crashing around him as the shock wore off.
“Currently, Dean is unpacking his one bag of belongings upstairs.  I don’t know what to do, Gabe.  I need some help here.  He’s obviously spooked and trying not to freak out.”
When they pulled into the outskirts of town Jimmy shifted gears with his chatter.  “Where are we going first?” he asked Cas.
Cas was unsurprised to see Jo waiting for them outside of his door.  Since the attack, Dean had been very careful with Cas, never letting him go without an alpha around.  Really, it was either Jo or Benny if Dean couldn’t be with him.  Cas understood that his mate was worried, but after things returned to normal next week, they would be having a talk about it.
The omega seemed surprised but grateful for his accommodations and Cas didn’t know what else to do.  He had excused himself and now he was standing in the middle of his hallway trying to breathe.
Cas groaned when Dean finally touched him and Dean smiled wickedly.  He knew what Cas liked and he could give it to him.  Cas may not love Dean like Dean loved him but he definitely desired Dean’s body.
The morning he woke up for school and had to get Mildred from her bed, he knew.  She didn’t know who he was and she was sick.  He called his social worker and she came out to the house immediately.  They called an ambulance for Mildred and that was the last time Dean and Sam saw her.  He didn’t even know if she was alive or not.  Dean had put his walls back up before he had even finished packing his bags.  He cursed himself for thinking that he could be happy.  He had learned already that his happiness only led to his heartbreak.  He wouldn’t make the same mistake again.
“I would like to cook breakfast for you and Cas and then send you upstairs to rest.  Jimmy will be in shortly and Benny will be too, but I know you’re tired.  I heard you say you wanted to help, and I’ll take it if you really want to, but I’m happy to take care of breakfast so you can rest.”
Cas reached out and took the bag from him and frowned.  “Is this everything?” he asked.
“Wow,” was all Dean could think to say.
“Still, it’s not polite,” he countered.  He took a deep breath.  “I felt betrayed by her.  I couldn’t believe that she had been so callous, especially when she knew that this was a love match, not just an agreement between two packs.”  Cas paused.  He remembered the pain of realizing that Dean was gone and then to find out that his mother had a hand in it was the worst betrayal.  “I don’t know if I’ll ever forgive her for it.  I don’t know that she’ll ever earn my forgiveness because she doesn’t see that she’s done anything wrong.  She doesn’t see how deeply it hurt me.  And her actions now further prove that.  Even if we were still looking for Dean, I wouldn’t be going on dates and I wouldn’t be looking for a new mate.”
happening or really look at the situation.  It’s a shallow and selfish characteristic, but I do that sometimes.”
Cas let himself into his room and bolted the lock behind him.  He sank down onto the floor against the heavy wood, cradling his wrist where Dean had marked him, still feeling the ghost of his touch on his own cheek.  He sighed, hoping to be able to sleep tonight.  He was sure that Dean would find him in the morning and ask to court.
Dean sighed but held eye contact.  “I think it’s just going to take time, Cas.  And that’s on me.  All week I kept telling myself that I was being stupid.  I knew that we both were busy and that we had plans tonight no matter what.  I just can’t get myself to believe it.  I guess I’ve been pining for so long, and wishing things were different for so long, that I am having trouble believing that you’d forgive me and want me again.  Not seeing you, scenting you, was convincing my omega brain that you were gone again.”  Dean looked down, ashamed.  He knew that he was a mess again.
“Do you want one of us to come back to the house with you?” Cas asked.  Dean glanced at him, concern etched in his face.
Dean ran his hand through his hair as he made a turn and spied the exit of the subdivision.  He pulled out onto the main road and headed for home.  He needed ibuprofen and a greasy breakfast.
“What do you think?” he asked brightly.  Jimmy was still excited and Dean could see his eagerness reflected in his eyes.
“Dean, stop.”  Cas tried to keep his voice gentle but he could see him stiffen.  “I came down here to find you because you’re upset and I know you are.  I heard what you said, Dean.”
“I saw Cas.”  He said it softly, looking down at the table.  “I’m sure you probably already know by now.  I don’t remember much of when Jo got here, but I was probably in pretty bad shape.  Not sure what I actually told her.”  He huffed a short laugh blushing while he imagined what he might have let slip.
“Hey, it’s not like that’s a new thing.  Maybe I’ll get her number this time.”
Dean shifted his attention to his mate.  Cas was smiling at something his father had said and his scent was mellow, pleased omega mixing with Dean’s alpha scent that was covering him.  Dean smiled and pressed his thigh against Cas’.  He felt Cas press back though his attention stayed on his father.
Dean raised his eyebrows.  “What.”
Dean nodded and thanked Kevin before turning to Jody.
Cas kissed his head and Dean pulled back.  “I’m just reading the news this morning,” Cas said.  “It’s the first time I’ve really looked since last week.”
“I’m going to do whatever I have to to make it up to you, Dean.”
“Cas?” Dean called.  Cas could smell Dean and he could detect traces of concern and worry overlaying the general excitement that he seemed to carry with him this week.  Dean’s apple scent had turned crisp and vibrant, like a fall day in an apple orchard.  It was delicious and Cas wished that he would stay more every time he caught a whiff of it.
He didn’t know how long he sat there, but as his sobs were beginning to quiet down and exhaustion was falling over him, there was a quiet knock on his window.  He startled a bit but looked up into the gentle eyes and understanding smile of the sheriff.  Dean brushed a hand down his face and rolled the window down.
Dean nuzzled further into Cas’ embrace.  “Thanks Cas,” he mumbled.  “Are we going to go to the store?”
“He does.  And he wants to mate you, right?”
This is Dean's POV starting from that morning.
Cas turned and paused.  Gordon was walking along the walkway he was going to take.  Cas quickly turned and walked the other way, skirting around the room before he made his way a little further down along the wall to where Lilith was sitting on a bench tucked up out of the way.  Her back rested on the stone wall and she held a mug in her hands.  Cas approached slowly, giving her plenty of warning.  She glanced up at him when he was next to her.  He smiled noting how pale and skinny she still was.  The bandage was still firmly in place around her arm and he noticed that she cradled it to her body protectively.  The wound had been deep and needed sutures.  Even with a Were’s quick healing it would be a week before she was healed altogether.
“So, did you see anything you wanted to go back to?” Cas asked as they ate.
Cas brushed his hair off of his forehead and nodded.  “Yes.  I’m glad I’m home though.”
He heard him moving around downstairs and he waited.
“I mean, if Dean accidentally knots you or breaks any of the courtship rules.”
“Well,” Cas said, “it means that we have a new contract with just you and me.  It means that Jimmy will continue to put physical distance between you two and treat you with respect like always.  Jimmy won’t touch you or show affection like he has been.  It will be best for you once the bond is broken.  It won’t confuse your omega, but eventually it shouldn’t need to be so severe.  He will treat you like any other alpha treats an omega he knows but doesn’t have a bond with.”
“Well,” Dean said, not sure how much to share.  “You should ask him.”
“I love you too, Cas,” he whispered.  They stayed like that for several minutes.  Dean couldn’t pull himself away.  He was clinging to Cas. This was it.  Cas was having a family dinner tonight and then leaving early in the morning.  Dean took one more long inhale.  He felt Cas doing the same and knew he had to step back or he never would.  Cas let him go when he felt him shift.  They stood there, so close, but not touching.  Dean couldn’t look away from Cas.  He wanted to remember him this way.  Flushed and hair a mess.  So strong and determined, full of life.  Dean could see the sadness in his eyes, smell it in his scent.  Dean thought his probably matched.
“She’s happy,” he said, nodding towards Amelia.  Cas was surprised.  He thought Pete would be talking to him about Dean.
He didn’t have to wait long before Cas began to wiggle under him, the scent of his arousal increasing.  Dean placed wet kisses along his jaw line and down his neck.  Cas bared for him and Dean inhaled deeply before nipping at the mating gland.
“A ride would be great, thank you,” Dean said as he slung his backpack over his shoulders.
“I know, but I need a new start.  And it’s a cattle ranch with two alphas and it sounds amazing.  And their scents, Kev, oh my God.  Their scents are the best thing I’ve ever scented, especially Cas’.”
They had tentatively made plans (barring any weirdness with Dean’s body) to go to the Halloween party at the Roadhouse.  Dean hadn’t seen his family, mainly Ellen and Bobby, in weeks, and he hadn’t gotten up the nerve to call them and tell them about their impending grandpup.  He figured that tonight’s party was as good a time as any. Dean remembered telling Jo his plan.
“He’s in the back, honey. We’ve had a rough night.”
“Dinner is ready.  Come eat.”  Cas didn’t compel him with his alpha voice, but he also didn’t phrase it like a question.  He was afraid that he would need to use his alpha voice sometimes in order to get Dean to function.
Three days later he got a notification that his account was updated with an acceptance contingent on his agreement once their scent items arrived.  Dean was excited to know that the alphas liked his scent.  Their item would be there any time and Dean wanted to know what they smelled like.
“He will.  He knows he has to.”
He ripped the rest of his clothes off and started the water.  He stepped under the spray and let the water cascade over him.
“Do you want me to stay here?” he asked.
Cas’ chest puffed out in pride.  He couldn’t help his alpha coming out a little.  “No.  And Dean’s doing beautifully.  Which actually brings me to what I wanted to talk to you about.  Dean wants to be married in a small wedding on April twenty-fourth.”
He began to put his too tight jeans back on when he stopped and poked his head out of the curtain.  “Hey, uh, can I just wear a pair of these pants out?  I can pull the tags off and give them to you.”
Dean had always organized the Thanksgiving dinner that included some pack members that were single or didn’t have family.
“What is that?” she screeched.
Dean was distracted by Benny and lunch and didn’t notice Cas until he was right behind him.  He tensed slightly at the touch when Cas’ large hands gently gripped his upper arms.  The pulse of electricity he felt in his left arm was both familiar and foreign.
“I’m pregnant Sammy.  I’m going to have a pup.”  Dean waited, still feeling his hand move automatically down his thigh and back up.  There was shocked silence on the other end of the line.
“Yes.”
He glanced to Dean who continued to stare straight ahead.  Cas could see that his cheeks were tinged with red and he didn’t think it was entirely because of the cold.  He didn’t say anything, but he did squeeze Dean’s hand and tug him closer to Cas’ side.  The small smile on the omega’s face was worth everything to Cas.
“I’m more than ok, Dean.  I’m happier than I ever have been, I’m relieved that we are finally mated and I can’t wait to show everyone your bite on my neck.  I’m quiet because I’m so happy.  After the crazy of the last…months,” he said arching one brow, “I’m content to just lay with you when I know no one will bother us.”
“It wasn’t me!” she squeaked as she ran in after Gabe.
Dean shook his head.  “No, thank you.  I just need to get on the bus.”  He glanced around as he felt the time slipping by.  He wondered if his father would send people to actively look on the pack lands for him.
“Thanks Cas!”  The pup beamed at him.
Cas paused.  He did love the barn, but this sounded exciting.  Mary was like a second omega for him and he would love to spend more time with her.  “I would have to move into the castle?” he asked.
“Suddenly I’m mated to someone who lives in a different world than anything I’ve ever been in, and I’m supposed to know how to act and what to do.  My entire life has been publicly broadcast across the national news and I’ve been labeled as a manipulative whore out for money.
Crowley smiled.  “The same one who gave me the information about Sam in the first place.”
“When you’re ready, omega,” he told him.  Cas relaxed and sipped the tea, still holding his mate’s hand.
Sometime in the last few months all of Cas’ things had migrated into Dean’s bedroom and it had become theirs together.  Cas slept there every night, even if he was home late from a family function or something for work.  Cas took off his button down and sniffed it.  He decided he hadn’t worn it enough for it to be good for the nest so he put it in the dry cleaning bag and slipped on a t-shirt.  He would put this one in the nest tonight.
“Yes!  I want tacos for dinner!”  She smiled sweetly at Dean, her blue eyes sparkling.  Dean chuckled and shook his head putting her on her feet.
> Ok.  They don’t really have any food there.  R U interested in dinner?
Dean was surprised when he checked his email the next day to see a reply from the alphas.  It was a simple email, short and to the point, but it made Dean sweat a little.
Dean relaxed again and drifted off as Cas’ arm tightened around his middle and he nuzzled Dean’s neck.
He didn’t even look up at Cas before the alpha was talking.
He knew that Cas hated to be late and wanted to keep his schedule so Dean made sure that for every function they went to during the week or weekend that he was ready ahead of time so that they could go as soon as Cas wanted to.
Cas sighed.  He could feel himself clenching his jaw and worked to relax it.  He put both hands in his pockets and paced the floor.  Truthfully, he didn’t know why.  Maybe it was to spare the omega uglier things.  They were sure to continue for a while.  Charlie was working on gathering information to spin the news, but he was pissed that they didn’t get to put it out on their terms.
Dean ran the bath water just this side of too warm and sunk in to it.  He relaxed in the water and let the tensions of the last few hours go.  He was glad to be home where the scents were familiar and calming.  He was glad to sleep in his bed with Cas and he was eager for Cas to return to the house.
“What?” he asked confused.  “No, Amelia, this is not good.  I can’t fall in love while I’m a house omega.
“I said no.  Those alphas forgot that I’m not some meek little omega who’ll just do what they say.  They didn’t even ask me what I wanted or thought.”
Dean removed his hand and replaced it with his mouth, nipping and licking up and down as he continued to fuck Cas as hard as he could.  The dresser was shaking and Cas couldn’t contain the noises he made as Dean nailed his prostate on every other thrust.  He could feel Dean’s knot beginning to form as it popped in and out of his hole.
Cas finding him in Omaha.
“No apologies needed,” he said.  “We’re glad you were able to sleep through most of the flight.”
Dean gave him a crooked smile and kissed him again.  He pulled away quickly and looked at Cas again.
“You were taking too long, alpha,” Cas gasped as Dean pulled his fingers out of his hole and replaced them with his own.
It took three weeks after that before Cas heard from Crowley.  Cas had used that time to make sure they understood the laws, meet with his financial advisor to move some money and put a contingency plan in place for Dean and the babies.  If things didn’t work out the way they planned and John Winchester found out Dean was in Kansas City and pregnant, Cas wasn’t sure what would happen.  He and Bobby had planned for Bobby to take Dean and go to Columbia where Cas had rented a short-term apartment.  He could be close to Garth and his office for the birth of the babies and Cas would follow him if and when he could get away without being followed.  He felt guilty about making this decision without Dean, but he wasn’t going to worry him for one, and Cas knew he would protest and they would argue about it.  He did tell him he had a back up plan but not the details.
“Wait,” Dean cried, suddenly worried.
“Well guys,” Sam said as he threw down his napkin.  “I’ve got to get going.  Jess is home so I’m going to head out.”
He carefully pulled the blankets off of himself, thankful that the chick didn’t have anything covering her to accidentally pull down and wake her.  He crawled as quickly as he could over the bed without shaking the mattress too much.
They all fed Dean well.  He put on weight steadily and in just a few weeks he could see that his stomach wasn’t so hollow beneath his ribs and his cheeks had filled out again.  He continued to shave his face and Ellen had given him a haircut.  Once he felt better and stronger he started to work out.
“Dean,” Cas began again. “I am back permanently.” Dean looked over at him. He was sitting up straight, all hint of awkwardness gone. He was every inch an alpha now, in control of the situation and Dean couldn’t look away. “I would like to in -“ Cas began, but before he could finish Dean watched as a petite brunette put her arm around Cas and kiss him on the cheek.
He should look online for hearty dishes and casseroles.  Chilis and soups with bread would be good when the weather turned colder.  Dean grabbed the pad he had used before and started writing another list.
Dean collapsed against him and Jimmy pressed kisses all over his face where he could reach.  He finally pulled back and tilted Dean’s face up to look him in the eye.
Cas had to admit that he had grown almost indifferent to his station and that of others until Dean had shocked him into the reality of his life.  Seeing how little Dean had and how much it had shaped his whole life was a shock to him.
“Oh hey!  Are you Dean?  I’m Kevin Tran, I’m your roommate.  I just got here an hour ago- oh no. No, no, no, no.”
“Good morning, beloved,” he said, giving Dean a kiss.  He pulled him close and tucked Dean under his chin.  Dean never understood how this happened because he was technically taller than Cas, but he didn’t really care.  He loved that Cas would hold him like this.
Dean’s happy mood didn’t last long.  Having permission to resume activity and actually being able to do anything were two different things.  Dean wasn’t sure what he thought would happen between the morning and the afternoon, but soon he was frustrated and on the verge of tears and he leaned heavily on the side of the dryer, trying to massage his shoulder and catch his breath at the same time.
“You’ll say something if it gets to be too much,” Cas said.  He said it like a statement instead of a question.  Dean nodded, understanding the command.  Cas lifted his hand to his lips and kissed the back of it.
“And honestly, after his behavior last time, I’m not sure I want to see him,” Cas growled.  Dean put his hand over the alpha’s where it rested on his leg.
Dean had changed in the last year.  He had had to grow up and mature at a horrible expense and Cas wanted to make the next year, and all the years after, safe and happy for him.
“Like I said, I’m staying out of it,” his mom continued.  “But your brother is really going through a hard time right now.  He’s doing so well at the firm.  I’m sure they’re going to make him partner in just a few years.  I can’t imagine why they wouldn’t.  But, it seems like everything else is so hard for him.”
When they returned to the penthouse it was later than Dean realized and he was tired.  Cas took all of his new things to his room for him and Dean quelled the disappointment that he still wasn’t invited to the alpha’s bed.
“Do you like cars, Dean?” Cas asked as he started the ignition.
Cas sighed, the gesture so comfortable and familiar that it made his heart ache.  “Are you ready to go?” he whispered.
He also knew that he had very little control over it.  Contracts were for whatever length of time the alpha wanted it for and they were always able to be voided if one or the other found their mate, so Dean could get there and both alphas could find their mates the next day.  He’d be back on a train to God knows where before the end of the week.
“Nothing to worry about, Cassie.  Just making sure you’re ok.  You’re making noises not yourself, love.”  Balthazar looked worried about him.
Dean smiled as he pulled off his coat and hung it on the rack by the door. “Not even for pie.  I’m not really feeling good, Cas,” Dean told him.  “Is it okay if I just go on upstairs?”
“It was good.  We got the last of the garden turned and the latch on the gate fixed.”
Times like now, though, he almost wished he had an assistant that wasn’t his friend and wasn’t a nosy red head who would call him on his shit.
He ran a hand through his hair and looked from Cas to Dean.  “Amelia and I are going on a date on Saturday night.”
Dean licked his lips and let the phone rest on his chest.  He didn’t know what to think now.  Maybe Cas wasn’t going to mate someone else, but why was he so upset?  Why had he been so cruel this morning and angry last night?
he moved in, so Dean wanted to celebrate.  They have a fair amount of people milling around the yard and Dean was content to man the grill.
Dean squeezed her hand before he spoke.  The emotions that had been ripping through him for the last six days tore through him again.  “It was like coming home.  Only, not being able to open the front door and go in.  I could see what I wanted, but I couldn’t have it.  I don’t know what to do now.”
“Hey jerk, nice to finally know I’m someone important again.” Sam’s greeting was full of cheek and sass.  Dean could imagine that he was getting a pretty decent bitch face right now.
Dean took his coat off and laid it over the arm of the couch before he sat down on one end.  Missouri took a seat in one of the chairs and smiled at him.
“Aren’t you staying for this?” Cas asked him.  Dean smiled at him and barely contained his laugher again.  The pleading look on the alpha’s face only made Dean want to laugh more.  It was something to see these two strong alphas brought about by an omega.
Dean nodded.  Luke was their elder brother that they didn’t speak to as frequently as they did their other siblings.  Cas had told him that Luke had a mean, selfish streak that they didn’t like, which made them put some distance between he and the twins.
“In the kitchen,” Dean heard a feminine voice call out.
“What did you do wrong?  Cas, you did nothing wrong.  It was all me.  I knew that I wasn’t good enough for you.  You were going to be a big company man, a CEO, and I would be stuck here, taking care of Sam.  I was the guy who learned how to make mac and cheese seventeen ways to add variety in our diet.  I was working to support me and Sam when I was fourteen.  Cas, I was not ever good enough for you.  I wouldn’t be able to stand next to you and be the omega that you needed when you did smart ritzy business things, or even have dinner with your family.  I would only hold you back.  You had big things ahead, Cas.  I wasn’t sure I was even going to be able to graduate college.” Dean gave a short laugh.  “And that was true.”
Jimmy nodded and nudged his horse a little to the left, helping to drive the cattle to the correct destination.  It took them another hour before they had all the cattle accounted for and were headed back to the barn.
“Cas.”
Dean shook himself and carefully approached Chuck as he sat in one of the chairs.  The omega smiled at him and he felt reassured that it was ok for him to see.  Chuck held the pup so that Dean could see him and he could smell the sweet scent of butter and fresh bread and Dean knew this pup was an omega.
Cas nodded.  “He was, and he’ll make sure Luke knows it before they come up tonight, too.”  Cas ran his hands over Dean’s hips and up over his ribs and they were silent for a minute.
As he approached he got a whiff of his alpha musk and Dean was almost bowled over.  It was strong and intimidating and Dean had to force himself to keep moving.  His smile faltered, but he put on his best customer service face and stopped in front of him.  He didn’t relax his posture as he usually would.  Something about this scent told him to be wary.
Dean smiled at him over his shoulder.  “Your alpha was confused and needed to make sure that I was yours, even though I’m not really yours, so I instigated a chase.  It was the fastest way to get you a claim that would satisfy your alpha.  And it worked and it was amazing,” Dean finished smugly.
“How does Dean feel?”
Cas gathered himself and sat up, in control once again.  “Yes, Dean, thank you.  I’m fine.  I was just thinking how hard school must have been for you.”
, he thought.
“I think that’s a good place to start.  And, Dean,” she said, making him look at her.  “You might have been the one to stop calling, but he let you go.  You did it to each other.  Now, Emma, I can’t tell you what to do.  She’s your daughter and do what you think is best for her
As he got dressed to get Dean, he thought about what he had said to Charlie.  He would let Dean set the pace but he needed to make sure that he knew he was serious.  He should figure out how to do that without scaring the omega.
They chatted a little about Cas’ job while they finished their salad.  When the pizza arrived, Mario was right behind it, smiling broadly.
“I do believe you, Omega Novak,” she told him calmly.  “I do believe you.”
Luke clapped him on the back as they reached the barn doors.  “I’m always happy to help, brother.”
“Maybe I let myself get carried away,” Dean continued.  “Cas and Jimmy keep telling me that I’m part of their family, but what claim do I have?  I’m a hired house omega and, like it or not, there will be a new omega in the house I’ll have to adjust for even if it means I’m just here for Cas to knot me.” Cas listened as the omega’s voice cracked as he spoke.  Dean cleared his throat and wiped his eyes again.  He took a shuddering breath and blew it out.  “Things will change and I’m going to have to accept it and find a way to live with it.  I just don’t know what I’m going to do.  I feel like I’m losing my family all over again and they weren’t even mine to begin with.  I don’t know if I can do it.”
Another bright spot that month was Cas’ birthday.  Cas’ parents took them all out to a nice restaurant and Dean enjoyed the time spent together with them.  Chuck and Naomi were friendly and easygoing and they treated Dean well.  They clearly loved Cas and wanted him to be happy.  Chuck practically shoved a wine glass in Dean’s hand because he wanted him to try his favorite and Dean was struck again how different the Novaks treated him compared to his own family.  There were no remarks about his drinking, no politely phrased condescending comments about his life choices or prodding about what he was going to do afterwards.  They treated him with respect and welcomed him as Cas’ boyfriend.
“Ok, Cas,” he replied.
“Can we do it the next morning?  As an omega my familial alpha is the highest ranking alpha.  Once Sam becomes Pack Alpha, it automatically transfers to him.  He will be my alpha until we mate.”
They said their final good-byes and Dean locked the door behind them.  Cas would be home in several hours.  Dean had called him when he felt the first indications that the heat was approaching.  He and Emma had made it home from school before Dean realized what was happening but when he started to get hot and irritable he knew he needed to make some phone calls.
He did not, however, skimp on presents.  He bought Dean a new watch to replace the one he had to sell in Omaha.  He bought several books and DVDs that he wanted to own as well as a new blanket for the nest.  His biggest gift to spoil his omega, though, was a ’67 Chevy Impala that Bobby had found.  It was sitting at Singer Salvage ready to be restored however Dean wanted.  If he wanted to do it himself then they would wait until the babies were born and do it.  If he wanted to have it shipped to a custom shop and have them do it, Cas would find the best one to send it to.  Dean had been speechless.  The pure scent of his elation was worth the search it took to find the car.
Dean swallowed and grimaced in pain again.  “Fiancé,” he whispered.
He opened the door himself, letting him enter on his own terms.  He met Zachariah in the hallway and gave a curt nod on his way to the formal living room where he knew everyone had gathered before lunch.  He could tell that Zachariah had smelled him and disapproved, but as a beta he was wise enough to keep his mouth shut.  Cas knew he never liked Dean, but liked his job enough to not comment out loud.  Cas had never like him and he doubted the feeling would change.  But Zachariah didn’t matter right now.  He was approaching the doorway and he could hear the hum of quiet chatter and Christmas music in the background.  Cas slowed his stride and took a deep breath.  He counted to ten and was just about to enter the room when Gabriel strolled out.
The alpha sat rigidly across from him.  He had stopped eating and he watched Dean.  When they made eye contact something flashed between them and Dean felt the heat lick across his skin.
could have been caring for you and didn’t, I just-“ Cas broke off, nuzzling Dean’s hair and sighing.  “I needed to know that you’re cared for.  Both of you.”
“I can’t believe we’re finally here, Cas,” Dean told him as he kissed his neck.
Dean smiled at him.  “You’re a sappy alpha, Cas,” he said, but he was more than pleased.  His scent let Cas know how he felt and the alpha smiled back.
“We’ll be back,” Cas replied.  He squeezed Dean once more and then pulled himself away.
Mary smiled at him.  “Of course, sweetheart.  Does that mean you’d like to join me?”
Dean continued to fold the laundry so his hands had something to do and he didn’t have to look her in the eye.  “I said yes.”
“Is that a yoga mat?” she exclaimed.  He shot her a look and she burst into giggles.  “Seriously?  Sam, sure, but you?” She laughed.  Dean grumbled as he stowed the mat in the hall closet and turned off the TV.  “Does this involve a chick?” she asked when he sat down next to her.
Dean met his worried gaze and held it.  Dean knew his scent was broadcasting his emotions, but he wasn’t sure what Cas was getting.  He was confused and hurt.  He was frustrated and still half hard.  He wanted to make sure the alpha he was with knew it was him.
Cas’ stomach settled a little at his father’s words.  He had done the right thing.
Dean swallowed and sincerely hoped that the alpha that had fucked him over the table was not his new brother in law.
“Yes, Dean.  It applies now and next week and next year and for as long as you’re with us.”  Cas pulled him close and Dean scented him.  He relaxed and nodded.
Dean glanced at Charlie and she smiled and stood.  “I’ll go find Cas and we’ll bring you something back,” she told him.
“Cas!” Dean gasped.
“And what would you like to do?” Cas asked, tone carefully neutral.  Dean knew that it he told Cas that he wanted to complete his cycle alone that Cas would remove himself and Emma to his family’s house and leave Dean in the care of a heat nurse.
Cas bristled and his eyebrows slammed down. “All the more reason, Dean,” he said.  He pulled him close and kissed him full on the mouth.  Dean inhaled his determined scent and knew Cas wouldn’t be swayed.
“I don’t know,” Sam told him.  Cas could hear the frustration in his voice as well.  “He hasn’t been home all night.  He wasn’t here when I got home from school.”
“No!’ Charlie cried.  “Dean it’s not that-“
Dean was on the training field when he heard the emergency bells.  Everyone stopped mid motion, frozen for a split second before everything sped up again.
Dean bit his tongue to keep from laughing at the stricken look on Jimmy’s face and the glance he cast to his twin.  Cas looked resigned and his scent confirmed that he knew whatever was coming was going to be bad.
Alright people, here it is- Sam's big moment!  Hope you enjoy!
“Yes, his friends do, Gordon, but you are not among them,” Charlie burst in.  She had no problem putting Gordon in his place.  Cas felt he needed to be more careful with the beta.
“Alpha Novak,” he greeted them.  The beta was tall and dark with a bald head and a wide smile.  Dean didn’t like him.  He wasn’t sure what it was, but the beta made him feel inferior with just a look.  Dean shifted closer to Cas but didn’t reach for him like he wanted to.
Cas' cell phone rang, breaking the long silence between them.  Cas answered the phone quickly and Dean listened to his half of the conversation.  He could hear someone on the other end shouting and Cas trying to calm them down enough to hear what was going on.  Cas’ frustration skyrocketed and he growled slightly.
Dean and Cas murmured their good nights and Jimmy left them.  Cas sat on the couch with Dean for a while in silence.  Dean could tell that he scented the air every now and then to gauge how he was doing.  The third time he did it, Dean laughed.
Dean realized he might just be falling in love with Cas.  The thought didn’t scare him at all.
Dean nodded, not wanting to continue the discussion.  “Yea,” he told her.
He gathered his things, said good-bye to his secretary and made his way down to the garage.  Alfie was waiting in his usual spot and Cas smoothly slid into the seat.  He sighed and leaned his head back.  He tried to breathe deeply to calm himself and shake the bad mood he was in before he arrived at the apartment.
Dean was fixing his hair in the mirror while Emma watched him from the bed.  He gave her a funny face through the reflection.  She giggled and rolled over on her belly.  Dean smiled and finished up.
He and Dean cleaned up together and settled again in the nest.  Dean had the iPad Cas had given him and was playing a game on it while Cas had his laptop and caught up on a few things for work. Cas relaxed and enjoyed the domesticity of it.
“Ok, Dean, here,” Cas was talking again and he felt something warm and soft cover him.  “The ambulance is on it’s way.  Stay with me, ok?”
Cas growled louder at him, nostrils flaring, bright red eyes flashing.  The guard held up both hands.
Dean shook his head.  “No, I’d like to get them from the store.”
Her face lit up. “Ok!”  She gave him a big kiss and he set her down.  She ran back over to Charlie and jumped in her lap.  Charlie let out an “oomph!” but circled her arms around her.
Dean certainly looked healthy and whole.  There were no marks on his body from abuse and he was a healthy weight, if still on the thin side.  He knew that all the omegas had their own spaces and places to sleep that were secure.
“What the hell?  Dean?”  She’s holding him at arm’s length, staring at him with her mouth hanging open.
Cas ran a hand down his face and sighed.  “There is nothing wrong, really, Gabe,” he told him.
“What?”  Dean asked again. He was trying to process this.  Apparently he hadn’t been as smooth as he thought about his scent, blockers or not, and Cas thought he would just throw away their…everything.
Also, don't eat onions right now.
Which brought him back to the pressing matter of lunch.  “So Em, Uncle Sammy and Jess are coming for lunch.  We’re going to have to get dressed soon, ok?”
:  Yes, I have purchased three hives.
Dean grunted in acknowledgement as he helped Cas dismount.  It was true.  Dean liked this place.  It was a natural clearing in the forest, close enough to the castle to be secure, but far enough away to give privacy.  It wasn’t a large area, but it was big enough for him to walk or pace and they played many games while they were young.
“Pete is an old friend of Chuck’s,” Cas explained to him.  “We’ve known him most of our lives.”
“Then it’s their loss.  Dean’s a good man, and he lost himself for a while, but he’s on the right path now.  I know he did it for himself, Castiel, but having you has only strengthened his determination.”
Cas took a deep breath and turned slightly to his brother.  He gestured with his hand to the house.  “Dean is not going to be subjected to being squished between two alphas, Jimmy.  I won’t allow it.”
That was another thing Cas felt guilty about.  Dean clearly wanted the omega out of his house so that he could do some of the things on his own, but Cas hadn’t had the heart to let her go.  He realized in that moment that he had put his employee before his mate in their home and the thought stopped him momentarily.  He pushed the thoughts aside for another day.  He needed to focus on finding Balthazar and talking with him.
“Because, what if my family sees something in me that is broken?  What if they know something I don’t?  That Cas can’t see?  They’ve known me my whole life.  No one else knows me better.”  He ran a hand through his hair.  “I’m afraid that I’m going to start drinking again and I won’t be able to stop this time.  I’ll drive Cas away, sink my business and my life will be over.  Sammy, my brother, said as much to Cas at Thanksgiving.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered in awe.  Suddenly, his heat was the last thing on his mind.  The fact that they had finally done it, they were finally mated, stunned Dean.  It had happened so naturally.  Dean had not questioned it or worried about it and he was ecstatic.  He could feel Cas’ wonder coming through the bond as well and underneath the excitement and astonishment, Dean could feel his steady devotion and adoration.  “Cas,” Dean breathed again.  “Oh Cas, it’s…”
“Cas, you were supportive.  Dean wasn’t ready and you were there for him in a way that he needed you to be.  And it sounds like you’ve done a good job.  Your mother and I love Dean and we can see how happy you both are.  I’m sorry his family can’t see the same thing.”  He sighed.
“Oh,” Jimmy said in shock.
The next day Dean was up bright and early.  The one thing that sucked about working until close was that he averaged about 4 hours of sleep on those nights.  Even though Emma didn’t have to wake up at a set time, she was still bouncing on his bed at 6:30 the next morning.
Dean could not have planned a better holiday and he went to bed at the end of it satisfied and happier than he could ever remember being on Christmas.
Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat at the thought of what might have happened to him if Cas hadn’t found him.  He had only been on the street for two months but it had felt like a lifetime.  He would certainly would have been working in a rut hotel by the fall if he wasn’t dead.  He shuddered at the thought of what his life might have turned out like if Cas’ hadn’t brought him back here.  Instead, he was here, healthy, healing and with Cas.  He had his family and had made friends with Gabe and Balth.  He had a home.  He had Cas, who would be his mate if Dean let him.  He had the pup.
“It’s ok, I am a mostly jeans guy in the summer too, so it will be fine.”
He took a deep breath as he gathered a few things to take inside behind Dean.  The layers of hurt this was putting on Dean was too much.
Cas put the envelope down and stepped closer to Dean.  He took him gently by the upper arms and looked at him.  “I wanted you to have some nice things.  I asked Kelly to get something for you once every week or two and send it to the house for me.  I don’t have time to do things like that myself.”
Dean didn’t know what to do.  He felt torn. His omega was fully on board with letting Cas coddle him and go all alpha because of the pup, but Dean knew that it was probably a bad idea for them to engage in anything mate like because it would crush Dean in the end when Cas eventually withdrew.
“You have twenty minutes,” his father grunted.
Dean’s eyes widened slightly but he nodded.  He gave her the brief version and she wrote some things down.  She asked him a few questions as they went and nodded when he finished.
His brother scoffed and sat back to cross one ankle over his knee.
Cas woke up once during the night and Dean fed him some broth with a little bread and more tea before he was asleep again.  This time he was curled up in Dean’s arms, his nose pressed into Dean’s neck.
“Cas, he’s going to be ok.  I’ve got to talk to the police now, but you get to the hospital.  I’ll call Sam.”
Dean chewed on his nail again.  He shook his head and pulled his hand away from his mouth. He sat on his hands so he didn’t damage them further.  His leg jiggled and as he thought.
Jimmy and Cas both shook their heads.  The scents in the air changed slightly and Dean could smell that they were serious and care and concern that wafted to his nose.
Jimmy stepped out to meet him, effectively stopping his pacing.  He placed his hand on Cas’ shoulder and squeezed gently.  “I understand, Cas, but I think that you need to talk to him.  I know that you are worried about it, but if you could see the way he looks at you, you might feel differently.  I’ve never seen a house omega and their alpha act the way you do.  From the second he got here, you’ve been his alpha.  Why do you think that I never tried harder to bond with him?”
They shared another brief smile before Dean’s attention was pulled by Bella coming to check on him.  She asked him how it went and encouraged him to come back again.  By the time he had rolled the mat and she had taken it back to store, Cas was gone.
Dean leaned into him then and Cas put his arm around his shoulders.  They stayed like that until there was a knock on his door.
He looked into his mate’s eyes, pleading with him to understand.  He felt like an asshole.  His mate thought that he didn’t want to publicly claim him then he dumped him at the apartment building to fend for himself when no one knew him and rushed to work.
Cas chuckled and looked at them as well.  “I know.  And I thank you for that.  I know I have said it before, but Dean couldn’t ask for better people in his life to support him.  I know you both have been there for him for a long time, and Charlie, you’ve never seen us together, but Jo, I know you have.  This is it for me.  I’m here for Dean and nothing is going to take me away this time.”  Jo was still frowning a little but she nodded.
“What just happened, sweet omega?” he asked.
“Hmm, yes, I can tell,” she told him nodding, her mouth set into a firm line.  “And when exactly were you going to tell your father and I?”
“I’m fine now, Cas,” he told him.  “I was just surprised when you sat on the floor, that’s all.”  He shrugged slightly like it wasn’t a big deal.  It wasn’t really, just something that surprised him.
“Uh yea.  I can’t have this much drama already.”  His words were firm and clear, but not mean.  Dean looked at him with a furrowed brow.
Cas clenched his jaw in irritation and was about to continue to yell and tell Jimmy to stay out of it when Dean’s hand cupped his jaw, smoothing his fingers over the bolt where he could feel the muscle ticking.
“No, we’ll settle it the usual way,” Cas said rising.  He hoped Jimmy couldn’t see the flush he could feel on his cheeks or notice that he had to adjusted his pants before he stomped out of the room.
“So,” Jo began, pushing herself onto the couch, “tell us about the interview.  Did you get the job?”
Cas headed down to the kitchen and found a place in the middle of the hustle and bustle.  He donned an apron and worked on making bread and porridge for breakfast.  He needed to keep his hands busy, and going through the familiar routine of preparing breakfast helped him in many ways.
“Dean,” Charlie began.  Her voice was soft but he could hear the excitement.
He took the stairs two at a time and tried to keep his emotions in check before he got upstairs.  Hopefully, Amelia wouldn’t scent him.
“When you didn’t deny the photos and the information that was printed, I thought you might have wanted to go to the gala because she would be there.  And maybe you wanted to take her home instead of me.  And then, when it was clear that you were angry and you left, I…I didn’t know what to think.”
“Did you know that already?” she asked, looking up at him.  Dean suppressed his laugh, but smiled at her.
He breathed deeply and exited the bathroom to get his tux on.  He didn’t really want to go to this charity event but Cas wanted to go.  More importantly, Cas wanted Dean to go with him. He hadn’t wanted Dean to attend anything with him the last few times.  Dean tried to understand.  Cas had responsibilities and those included going to events that were more show than benefit and Dean knew that he wasn’t a great partner for those.
Dean’s worry over Jimmy courting or mating Amelia had stemmed mostly from his fear of losing his home.  Since Cas had told him that he would keep the contract for the two of them and he wouldn’t have to leave the ranch, he had tried to tamp it down.  He wanted to be happy for Jimmy, especially since the alpha was so happy.
“What? No,” Dean told her.  “Amelia, that’s crazy.”
Dean spilled between them both when he felt Cas’ knot catch and the alpha release deep into his body.  Dean whimpered and bared his neck for Cas to bite down on.  Cas didn’t disappoint him and renewed the bruise on his scent gland that had taken a permanent residence there.
They stared at each other for a minute, frozen, before the other guy recovered and took his place on the mat and faced Dean.  He smiled, a genuine, wide smile that Dean could see in his eyes.  Dean returned it without pause and extended his hand.
Dean and Sam pulled away from each other.
“I just can’t with you right now,” she told him shaking her head.  “I’m really angry at you for putting yourself in danger and you just never learn!  You don’t think about the consequences and nothing changes for you. I love you and I’m your friend, but I can’t sit here and act like things are ok when they aren’t.”  Dean sat in stunned silence as she pulled on her coat and strapped her purse over her body.  She slipped on her shoes and stomped back over to the table.  She grabbed the mostly full case of beer and glowered at him.
He and Jimmy had inherited their Uncle Chuck’s one-thousand-acre ranch in Montana a year ago and there were some days where Cas still couldn’t believe they were there, living out their dream.  Growing up, they had imagined running the ranch together one day.  They spent every summer of their youth here with their uncle.  He and Jimmy spent as much time on horseback and with the cattle that they could.  They were determined to learn everything they would need to know about cattle ranching and how to take care of the land so that they could take over for their uncle when he was ready.  Many late nights had found them making plans for when they would inherit and run a successful cattle and horse breeding ranch.  Now, finally, they saw their plans come to fruition.
“Yea?” he asked.
I'm glad you guys are enjoying this story so much!  Here's another chapter! :)
Dean could only nod a knot forming in his throat made it impossible to speak.  Alone.  Yep, that about summed it up.
“What’s going on, Cas?” he asked.
“I can’t help it if we had a pool table in my fraternity,” Cas told him with a shrug.
“Are you hungry?” he asked.  “I made pasta salad with salmon that you like.”
Dean was pushing his duffle into one of the lockers when she stopped for breath.  He slammed it closed and locked it.  He pocketed the key and turned around to see MaryAnn.  She was looking at him curiously.
Logically he knew that he would have to do more than just give a statement.  He needed to make sure that Bobby was ok and that the asshole alpha never hurt anyone again, but he was scared.  He didn’t want to think about that night anymore and he certainly didn’t want to have to face the alpha again, regardless of where it was going to be or who would be with him.
Dean licked his lips and glanced up at Cas.  He could see the hesitancy in his body language, but the scent of confusion that laced his scent was new to Cas.  The alpha continued to look at his mate and he realized that this was something his mate wanted but was worried about talking to Cas about it.
“Of course, alpha,” Dean responded.  He put down his plate and moved to the fridge.  He let the cool air brush over his face as he grabbed a bottle and uncapped it with the opener they kept on a magnet on the door.
“What the hell, Cas?” he said as he shook out his coat sleeves.
Gabe huffed a laugh.  “Uh, Cassie, sorry to tell you, but there are apples everywhere.”
Dean sagged into his chest as close as he could with his belly in between.  “Thanks, Cas.  I just…it’s like we’ve waited for months for this.  Months of doing nothing and worrying and waiting and now all of a sudden, it’s just days from happening.  It’s just so fast, which sounds stupid.”
“Yea, I guess.”  Kevin was a little uncertain about the whole pregnancy thing.  Though he was happy to be an omega and looked forward to one day having pups of his own, he was watching Dean go through this with a modicum of horror.  He definitely wouldn’t be ready for pups any time soon.  “We still good for 6?”
Dean felt the heavy feeling in his chest lighten slightly.  He gave Cas a small smile.  “I love you too, Cas.  Thanks.”
Cas flipped him and pulled off his clothes, desperate to get to his hole.  Cas pressed deeply into him and Dean keened in response.  Cas didn’t take long to knot him and as they both came down from their high, Dean knew he needed to be the mate Cas wanted.
“Luke’s coming,” he told Cas while he washed up.  “He’ll be here the twenty-first unless something changes and we need him before.  I think the hay will be ready then, but if we get rain before then it might delay it.”  He dried his hands and moved to Dean.  “He’s going to stay here- thanks Dean,” he said with a quick kiss as he took the plate, “and he said that he doesn’t have to rush back, so he can stay if we need him to.”
“You do?” Dean asked excitedly.  Novak Enterprises was the biggest marketing firm in Kansas with their main branch being here, in Kansas City.  The Novak pack was one of the four packs that shared the common grounds where the main town and college sat.
He quietly pushed the door to Dean’s room open and set the tray on Dean’s dresser, which was still mostly clear.  Dean was still sleeping soundly and he hated to wake the omega, but it was pushing seven o’clock and he knew it had been several hours since Dean had eaten.
Dean washed up while the alphas did a few more chores and when Jimmy hollered at him from the front door he wiped his hands, grabbed his papers and went through the mud room to get his boots.  He locked the door after him and walked around the side of the house.  Cas was waiting for him with the door to the truck open.
Dean turned back to the dish in his hand and caught sight of Cas in the garden outside of the kitchen window.  His hands stilled and he watched the alpha as he worked in the garden.  He was replacing one of the posts with Victor, who was just coming back into the heavier ranch work, and the sight of him outside in his hat and jeans with his shirtsleeves rolled up made his stomach do funny things.
Though Cas’ gifts from earlier had been coordinated through his assistant, Dean knew that Cas was the one to initiate them.  He told Dean he didn’t have time to pick out the gifts himself, but providing the money for them and having someone get them on his behalf was his way of showing the recipient affection, however distorted.
Chuck gave him a small smile.  “Thank you for your honesty, Cas,” he said as he rose.
It was a quick trip up to the private ward where they were able to get into the room and Dean was transferred to the larger bed.  Cas was ready to move back beside him when a new nurse came in.
Dean wiped his hands on the towel next to him and stepped closer to her so she could scent him properly.  “I’m fine, Amelia.  I really appreciate the fact that you would even ask, but it’s fine.”
“Dean!  Oh, God, Dean!”
“I’ll sit with him, Alpha,” she told him softly.  She held up a book in her hands.  “I’ll be here until you get back.”
He heard the sounds downstairs quiet down and he paused half way down the steps.  He turned to look over the railing.  He could just see the living room from there and what he saw made his heart leap into his throat before it crashed down into his chest.
“And when Bobby sold me the shop?”
Dean was surprised and suddenly, he wasn’t sure.  Cas noticed and his face fell.  “Do you not want to go?”
Cas knew Dean was nervous about the other people approving of him, but he was also worried about what exactly would happen when they got into the office.  Cas couldn’t blame him.  He wanted everything to go easily and smoothly, but Cas wasn’t sure what it would be like to bring Dean into the storm that was the news offices.  And he wasn’t sure what would happen to him when he got back into his office and saw that things needed his attention.  He would have to be very careful to check in with Dean and pay attention to what he was and wasn’t saying about how he felt.
“What?  I’m fine.  I don’t need an alpha to take care of me, Cas.  I’m a good enough parent for Emma alone.”  Dean growled, temper flaring.  Cas covered Dean’s hand where it still lay on his thigh.
He watched as her eyes filled with tears and he slumped.  He started to move towards her but stopped himself.  This wasn’t his problem to fix.  She had made this mess and hurt him.  Dean wasn’t going to be responsible for consoling her because she felt badly about the way she had treated him.  She was upset, but it was her fault.  Dean’s first instinct was to comfort her and tell her things would be fine, but he held himself back.  He wasn’t sure that was what he wanted and he was going to stop putting everyone else’s needs ahead of his own.  Charlie needed to understand that she had done damage not only to their friendship but to Dean as a person.  That wasn’t easily fixed and certainly not with a few apologies and tears.
Dean had been so focused on Cas that he was startled by all the people standing in the hallway when he finally looked up.  Chuck was there standing next to his mother.  Sammy was holding her hand and Ellen was on his other side holding a cup of something steaming.
But today he was too tired and too uncomfortable to deal with the low body and no air conditioning, so he was taking the van.
“Nerd,” Dean muttered under his breath.
Dean tried to stay clean and used the showers at the park as much as possible.  The shelter didn’t have anything other than a regular bathroom with sinks and stalls, so he did the best he could with those, but so did everyone else which made it hard to get more than a few minutes to wash up.
“These are the amateurs,” Cas told him as the first competitor lined up in the gate.  “They are just getting started and they go around the region doing festivals and things like this.”
He knew that was the right thing to do but it made him feel worse, somehow.  He didn’t feel good and he didn’t know what to do.  He sat and tried to think about how he was going to manage and he must have sat for too long because he suddenly scented Cas.
Cas got Dean the newest book in the
The next morning as he was brushing his teeth, he looked around the bathroom and paused, toothbrush hanging out of his mouth.  The bathroom was nasty.  When was the last time he had taken any time to care for his house?
Dean stared at her for a minute before he decided to try again.  He clenched his hands into fists and sat up to face her.  “Charlie, listen, I’ve done a lot of work lately and last night I had a date with this guy- “
now, but it’s still more than that.”  She sighed and looked out into the forest.  He watched her clench her fists and her scent sour.  “His body has experienced knotting now and it will be brutal for him regardless, but if he doesn’t have an alpha to help him he’ll most certainly end up in the hospital.  And if we don’t take him he could die.”  She looked right at him as she said this.
He pulled Dean close in the car and was pleased when his omega buried his nose into Cas’ neck.  The feeling of his soft mate close to him with his sweet pregnancy scent made arousal curl through him and Cas could barely get him inside before he stripped them both and knotted Dean.
“I love you, too.”
“We’ll review the case and evidence and see what we come up with.  Rest for now, Omega Novak.”
Cas glanced at the clock on the mantle and was surprised to see that it was almost ten o’clock.  The ceremony would start in an hour.  He hadn’t realized he had slept so late, but he had had trouble settling down because of his excitement the night before.
“No!” Dean nearly shouted.  He blushed as the people close to him turned to look.  “Ah, no, Cas,” he said more quietly.  “I would love to walk and spend some more time out.”
“That’s right,” the other chimed in.  “We have exclusive photos of the pair exiting one of New York’s finest obstetrician offices this morning.  In his hand, the omega is seen carrying a picture of what appears to be a sonogram.”
“No.”  Dean shook his head and looked at the officers.
Dean took a deep breath and looked at Cas.  They were sitting on the bed, side by side.  Cas held the phone between them.
“Dean’s a great cook, too,” Jimmy interjected.  He was on the other side of Amelia and leaned around to flash a smile at Dean.  Dean returned it, though smaller.  There was a slight uneasiness in his stomach and he didn’t know what it was about.
Dean stopped short.  While he really and truly didn’t think that Cas would take Emma, he hadn’t thought about it quite like that.  The answer was absolutely not.  He breathed out and shook his head.
Two weeks later he was not happy at all.  He whimpered in pain as he paced the front room.  He made a circle through the living room and around the island of the kitchen before he started again.  Cas was on the phone with the hospital and Dean wanted to go already.
John recovered slightly and his face darkened.  “Don’t you dare talk to me that way!” he shouted.  He took a step forward and Dean watched Sam and Ellen tense.
“WHAT?”  Cas sat up straight in bed and tried to push the covers back.  Balthazar was there trying to prevent him from getting out of bed and pulling his IV and monitors off when a nurse bustled into the room.
Dean finished drying off and stepped out of the bathroom.  The bags were put away and Cas was nowhere in sight.  He threw on some clean clothes and made his way downstairs.  He found Cas in the kitchen with several take-out menus on the counter.
Dean gripped Cas’ wrist and closed his eyes, letting his boyfriend’s words wash over him.
“You know it sure is interesting to feel like the third wheel when there are four people in the room,” Jimmy called out.  His voice was slightly raised and Dean and Cas were both startled out of their private moment.
Cas looked at him and Dean held his eye contact for a moment before Cas broke it and nodded once before he stepped out of the truck.  He closed the door and Dean fell back against the seat.  He sighed and thought about what he needed to do.
“We need to talk about something else.  We have travel plans for right after Christmas,” he said quickly before Dean could worry.
He glanced over to see that it was Charlie.  He debated whether or not to answer it.  He knew she had probably found out that Cas hadn’t talked to Dean and she was probably furious with him.  That could wait.
“Castiel Novak,” the alpha replied.  He reached up gently and touched the bite on Dean’s neck.  The wound was still sore, which meant it probably wasn’t that old, but it didn’t hurt when the alpha brushed over it.  In fact, it felt good and the tension that had built up in Dean’s body relaxed again.
Dean nodded, eyes on Cas.’  “I promise, Cas.  I heard what the doctor’s said about getting ahead of the pain.  Thank you for taking care of us.”
Dean blinked at him.  He could understand how she felt.  Cas smiled at him.
“…not mated and won’t be if…”
He didn’t need to stay so he paid Gordon, got in the car with Sam and turned down the drive.  The only regret he had was that he wasn’t going home to tell Dean that his attackers had been dealt with.
Dean watched the city streak by and the fall colors made the sunset look even more beautiful.  He turned to Cas to make a comment about it only to find the alpha on his phone.  Dean closed his mouth and turned back to the window.  He caught Alfie’s eyes in the mirror and the beta looked sympathetically at Dean.
“Dean, no one is going to judge you, least of all me.  I know the situation and I’m happy to wait.”
Dean had a part time job at the Roadhouse, a local bar.  Ellen and Bobby owned two businesses and the Roadhouse was one of them.  Dean had been bussing tables there since he was able to get a learner’s permit and get to work.  It wasn’t much, but it gave them what they needed for food and clothes.  Now that Sam was 14, he had been begging Dean to let him work too, to share the burden.  So far Dean had refused a regular job, though he did let him mow grass and rake leaves and do the occasional odd job or fill in for Ellen if she needed it.  Sam was on his way to bigger and better things. He was a genius and Dean would do whatever he could to make sure that Sam had a successful life, even if it meant that he had to put himself on the back burner for a while.
Sam sighed and Dean thought it was in embarrassment.  “She told me that I was smarter than everyone else on the team and that I would be promoted first over everyone.  She told me that I was a much better lawyer and twisted some truths a little to validate her words.  They were true enough that I thought I was just looking at the same situation through a different lens.
“Why do you have this?” Dean asked quietly.
“Thanks Sammy.  I’ll talk to you later.”
He knew because the emergency room they were currently in was attached to the Novak Cancer Center which, ironically, had been the charity for the ball earlier in the week.
Dean took a deep breath and slowly smiled.  “Yea.  Oh my god.  Thank you, Bobby.”
Cas felt the heaviness in his chest lighten slightly at the small, genuine smile on Dean’s face.
