“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, confused.
“You’re not here to think… You’re here to obey orders.”  Sherlock growled.
“Do you want to get married?”
“A perfect fit…” Sherlock murmured, closing his eyes.  “Yes.”
“Of course I mean it.”  I replied, somewhat embarrassed that I was losing what was left of my erection.
Basically a ficlet that fizzled.
Mary tapped his arm in warning.  “My lord husband will be delighted to attend to the king as a loyal servant.”
“Sherlock…” Mycroft sighed in a put upon way.
“I thought I mentioned that no one wants me.”
The next day John arrived to relieve Mrs. Hudson.  We sat for a moment, staring at one another.  Finally, casually, John undid the button of his trousers.
“Too bad.  I’m asking you right now while I have your full attention.”
A being stepped out of the shadows.  It was shaped like a man from the waist up.  His legs were some sort of animal with cloven hooves.  Between his legs hung a magnificent cock.
John emerged from the kitchen.  “Sherlock…”
John met Sherlock’s eyes and there was deep concern there.  “No.”
“Did I hurt you?”
Sherlock paused as he stood up from his chair.  “Assistance tonight in falling asleep?  I might as well.”
“As well as can be expected, my lord.”  Mary answered, flicking her eyes up to glance at him and assess his mood.  “My mother’s brother’s son may lay claim to the land.”
“He didn’t talk to me, he talked to you.”
In the distance was the sound of sirens.  Sherlock reached down to pull down the back hem of the jacket, making sure it covered John’s ass.  In the process his fingers grazed the soft skin where buttocks met thighs.
“You picked someone else.”  I responded.
Sherlock bit his lips and bowed his head, staring dully at the floor.
Sherlock cried out in surprise, causing Watson to frown in puzzlement.  “Sorry… Err… It is a little chilly.”
Sherlock got up and went to their sleeping area to look it over.
Sherlock finally got up and went into the bathroom.  A few moments later he returned with a wet flannel and cleaned John’s belly.  Satisfied that all the semen had been wiped away, he tossed the flannel onto the floor and climbed back into bed.  “Sherlock Watson.  John Holmes.”
John broke the kiss and blinked down at the man below him.  “What if I lose you?”
“Not my department, mum.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Does that bother you?”
Molly looked to Sherlock before returning her focus to John.  “I don’t know.  A pub?  Tea?  Someplace you can interact with other adults?”
“More touch…” John panted.
Sherlock deepened the kiss.  “My beloved paramour…”
“Sherlock?”  There was a knock at my bedroom door.  “Won’t you come out?”
But it was a promise that would soon be broken.
John looked down at his clothing and then at the faun.  “Why?” He asked.
“We can always make our own.  After all… We are mammals.”
I ignored her and continued to play.  What John and I do in our bed is none of her business.
“You have needs.”  The idea seemed to amuse him.
With all my strength I pulled back and stared up at him.  He looked wrecked.  “What is it?”
“You were wrong.” I informed him.
Rosie paused in her humming and gave him a look.
The pale man lightly touched the scar.  “It’s this.  This is why you’ve been unable to take anyone to bed… Your vanity?”
John pulled away from the corpse to stare at Lestrade.  “No… Alex is the name of his alpha brother who was in my pack.  Alex’s mother’s name was… umm… Daisy?  So you’re looking for the surviving warg Daisy Beta Red Sigma.  I don’t know his name but that’s his ID.  Daisy Beta Red Sigma.”
John scooted down in the bed.
Sherlock’s clothes made a neat pile on a chair.  His shirt was discarded, revealing his pale chest.  With a blush he turned around and took off his trousers and pants.
John went for his trousers before realizing he was wearing a belt.  The belt was unbuckled and pulled off.  “Why do you want to take me to the fairy realm?”
“That is it… You are almost there.” Watson commented from where he sat as if the whole thing was nothing more than a medical exam.
“Yes.”  John replied.
“Sherlock?” John queried from the bed.
I blinked at him in shock.
“We’re pack creatures… we find comfort in companionship.  I was born to a pack… my pack is dead.  I am so alone.”
“They were my family… all I had.”  John lay back down when the video ended.
“John Watson.”  John smiled at the female.   “I know a Molly…”
“Tortured.”  Sherlock answered and approached the bed, pulling back the blankets to get in.  “Turn out the light.”
Sherlock gave a little squirm but settled.  “Am I heavy?”
John dropped the skull.
Sherlock made a face and indicated John should follow him.  All three returned to John’s chamber.  Sherlock set the body guard outside the room before turning his attention to John.  “Moriarty.  I came here to find him.  He’s here.  You just saw his handiwork.  He must be stopped.”
“Your highness… Lord John has emerged from the bridal chamber.”
I waved her away and sat in my chair.  “Please leave.”
Mycroft stepped forward and raised his hand.  Immediately four of his personal guards yanked on Moriarty’s chains to flatten him face down upon the floor.  “I think that’s enough of that.”
“It was confusing.” John admitted.  “That was your brother?”
“She gave me a box of condoms?” Sherlock tried.
“I belong to you… My king.”  John moved carefully.  “My body… My soul… Is yours.”  His hand reached down to stroke Sherlock’s cock, causing the other man to whimper and tilt his hips.  “If you command me to fall upon my sword… I will.”  John pulled back a bit so he could stroke Sherlock in time with his thrusts.  “If you command me to fall upon your sword.”  John squeezed the tip and gave Sherlock a small grin.  “I will happily do that too.”  With another squeeze he settled back down on the other man.  “You were the first to look at me with love in a long time…  You didn’t see a broken soldier.  You saw me… The man I could be again.  And I am yours.  If I thought for a moment you wanted a bed slave I would dress myself in golden chains and sit at the foot of your throne.  But you don’t.  You want a companion and lover.  I can be that for you.  I’m yours and you can do as you wish with me.”
Sherlock startled.  No!  He couldn’t be there.  There was some mistake.  It had to be a hallucination.
John leaned in and kissed Sherlock’s cheek… then his chin and his nose… finally his lips.  His own lips were hungry and insistent.  Delightfully the detective didn’t seem to mind and even kissed him back.  They snogged for a time and John slowly lay on his back, guiding Sherlock to follow and sprawl out on top of him.  Their erections made contact and Sherlock pulled back a little in surprise.  “No… no… it’s good.”  John whispered, reaching out to soothe Sherlock’s cheek.  “Lay on top of me.”
Sherlock shifted his legs so his thighs were open and John between them.  “You sour my mood.”
“We have the time… Maybe explain it to me.  Why do you want to die?”
Sherlock nearly died… Or at least it felt like dying.  His heart skipped a beat and his eyes rolled back in his head.  Vaguely he could hear himself babbling, his words incoherent to himself.  And he knew he would happily die at John’s hand if it meant he could be touched like that.
“I won’t leave you.”
Sherlock stared back at him in surprise and shook his head.  “I don’t know.  No one rides centaurs.”
“We were the same age.  Perhaps he thought about us being in similar stages of our lives.” Sherlock answered.  “He imagined Victor married with children.  He hadn’t considered Victor’s other options.”
“What about me?”
“I can see now why this gift is so annoying to other people.” Sherlock commented as he sat down at the table across from his daughter.
John tried very hard not to laugh and failed miserably, catching his chuckle in his hand.
“Why did you tell them that?”  John queried.
John Watson was there as he had been before.  But this Watson no longer lived apart from Sherlock of 1895.  There was a sad story there.  Something haunted Watson’s eyes and he did not speak of what tragedy had brought him back to 221B Baker Street.  Sherlock suspected that like with his own John, this John suffered from bereavement.
“By the looks of both your states of dress I would say he’s… something to you.”
“Of course.” John answered, presenting her with the long, black glove.
“It worked!”  John smiled.  “She told me to focus on you and I did.  Here you are!”
John smirked and scooted closer to the faun.  The heat that seemed to roll off of him was pleasant and John basked in it.  His eyes took in the budding trees.  “Is it my imagination or is this place changing seasons?”
“I’m not going to do that.”  John stated.  Who was he talking to?
Sherlock’s hands explored the sides and dick of the one he fucked.  When his hand made contact with John’s stiff member the reality of what he was doing overwhelmed him and his rhythm slipped.  “Oh god…”  Holding John’s hips he held on for dear life as his body made it clear it was time to finish.
“Right…” Watson sat down in his chair to regard the three.  “Well… I don’t actually need slaves.  But I accept his gift… It would have been rude not to.  My soldiers call me Lord John.  Watson is my family name.  I’m sure we can find work for you three.  What other skills do you have?  Molly?  What can you do?”
John nodded and bowed his head, pressing their foreheads together.
John blinked and focused on the man kneeling over him.
“Not you… Me.  I’ll… Find a way to be rid of him.”
“Shall I carry you back?”  John asked.
“Can we have a house?”
“I plan to eat tonight.” I assured him.
John liked women.  It was reasonable to believe that he would want to be the penetrating partner.  I didn’t mind.  The thought of John taking his pleasure from me made my heart flutter, and my cock hard.
John had to admit, Sherlock certainly did know what he was doing.  And Sherlock’s fingers probed him, pushing in what felt like two fingers into his arse.  John hummed his approval and continued.
I wrapped my arms around her to keep her from losing her balance and falling.
“You would need to be naked all the time.”
“Low born say ‘m’lord.’”
Sherlock squirmed beneath him.  “Take me, John… Take me…”
Sherlock raised his hand to stop her words.  “Stop!  Get up off the floor.  Don’t grovel.”
“I like you… I like him, Sherlock.  Keep him around.”  Lestrade put his notepad away.
“It’s just sex.” John murmured.
She held out her hand expectantly and John helped slide it on.
Lestrade blinked at the order of the orders.  “I… Obey.”  Hastily he pulled off John’s tunic and pushed down his trousers.  John did not fight back.  When he was fully stripped he was marched from the room and down the hall to a door.  Lestrade unlocked it and pushed John inside before locking it again.
Sherlock moaned, a full, hungry moan and arched his back to meet John’s touch.
Watson waited, his eyes scanning the bushed at the edge of the trees.
“Coitus, John.  Buggering, physical relations, copulation.”  Sherlock clarified. Buggering was not a term he would normally use, but he recalled it from his dream.
“She is fertile.  If you get her with child this week…” Sherlock broke off his words to reach for the vial beside the bed.  “I won’t summon you to my bed until she’s pregnant.”  Unstopping the vial he used the contents to carefully prepare John’s tight orifice.  “How long has it been since you’ve done this?”
“Why were you looking through the window?”
“I told you… Often bed slaves are left waiting on their masters.  I was drinking my tea.”  John sat on the edge of the bed and stared at the naked consulting detective.  “I don’t want to be your master.”
I looked away.
John nodded.
“But not until I get Mary pregnant.”  John sighed.
Sherlock lazily lay there.  His legs still open, leaking John’s seed onto the bed.  “My nightshirt, Lestrade?”
“Dungeon… Execution.”  Sherlock stated waving his hand as if to dismiss John’s question.  “Lestrade will stay with you for the time being until I summon you.”
“Is that all?”
“I shouldn’t have brought the pony book.” Molly commented.
“Oh?”  Sherlock raised an eyebrow and squeezed John’s cock in his hand.  “Why do you say that?”
“I was distracted.”
“I should not have bedded you.”  John whispered.
John covered his face with his hands and he started shaking, trying desperately not to laugh out loud.  The thought of a pregnant Sherlock went through his head.  Omegaverse came to mind.
“Yes, he is.” I murmured.
“Careful.”  Sherlock whispered, dangerously.  “You wouldn’t want your sponsors to have to pay for your arrogance.”
There had been the stable boy, Victor, who spent most of his time grooming his father’s horses.  Sherlock had been severely reprimanded for even speaking to him.  Princes were expected to interact with those who would be closer to their peerage.  But young lords were too interesting in fighting to pay him any sort of attention.  When they did notice him it was to carefully step away.  Sherlock was very much aware that he gave off a strange sensation to everyone.
Hello everyone!  Bet you thought I abandoned this, right?  Not so!  I mentioned last time we bought a house and that I was on vacation.  Since then we moved and settled into the new place.  We sold the old place.  We also went on vacation to Scotland (just got home last night).  This story has never been far from my mind.  I just haven't had time to sit down and type.  Next chapter is already written in my head.
“She wants her father.  But her father isn’t here.  I will stand in his place.” Sherlock sat on a chair as he patted the child’s back.
“Sherlock… If you and your boyfriend want to get to work sometime today, that would be fantastic.”
“What sort of beetles?”
John waited until the embrace relaxed before pulling away to look up at Sherlock’s tear stained face.  “Is the idea of sharing a bed with me that terrifying?”
Rosie ran from the car into Eudora Holmes’ arms.  “Nana!” She cried in glee as her parents were left with her luggage and their own.
“Why should I?”  John demanded, glancing down at Sherlock.  For a moment he looked surprised as if he hadn’t expected Sherlock to be awake.
“Could it be that you are in denial?  I had an Alpha once.  His name was Jim Moriarty…”
“You are not concentrating on the sensation.” Watson broke into Sherlock’s thoughts.
“With words… Or actions.  Just make it clear what it is you want.  If it shows you how much I care about you I won’t deny you anything… Except sending me away.  I won’t go away.  And you probably shouldn’t ask that Mary go away.  She is the mother of my child.”
“Those assholes dressed me in the clinging ivy and then abducted you with the flowers that make the ivy relax.  I’ve been in agony for three days.”
“You want to be treated as a bed slave?  To what point?”
“Don’t worry about it.  I’ll take care of it.”  Really I had no intention of doing anything to the wound, aside from blotting up the blood.  But I didn’t want her assistance in such a delicate area.
“What are you?” Sherlock asked.
“You were reading a story with Molly.”  Sherlock reminded Rosie.
“In their eyes I am an animal.  I may have my sire’s name… but that doesn’t make me… human.”  John rolled onto his back and stared up at Sherlock, head still in place on the detective’s thigh.  “Humans fear us… I’ve been told.  They think we’ll change them into werewolves… but it’s genetic… like blue eyes or having six toes.  I’m a werewolf because my mother was a werewolf.  It doesn’t matter how many scientists breed with us, our offspring will always be werewolves… or warg… that’s the accepted term for what I am… a crossbreed.”  John looked away, blushing a bit and rolling over onto his side again, the side of his head on Sherlock’s thigh.  “I’ve been bred many times… all my cubs are like me.  Some of them are old enough to start breeding now and their cubs are the same.”
“Lower.”
With a sigh, John picked up the remote.  “I think there’s a Kitchen Nightmares marathon somewhere…”  His finger flipped through the channels until he heard Chef Ramsey cry out it dismay, “This is absolute rubbish!”  John settled on the couch with his daughter tucked up against his side.  By the time Chef Ramsey observed the dinner service Sherlock joined them on the couch.  Rosie sprawled on the couch, her head on John’s thigh and her feet in Sherlock’s lap.
At some point in the case Sherlock had to dress up.  The peacock made her appearance as John watched from afar this time.  Men were interested, of course they were interested.  Sherlock was beautiful as a man or a woman.  The mask did nothing to hide his beauty.  This time the peacock was red.  “A phoenix, John.”  Sherlock had told him as the detective prepared.  The dress looked like something Jessica Rabbit wore.  This time around John could watch as Sherlock carefully dressed.  Breasts were in place, hips were padded to give Sherlock a feminine shape.  Fishnet stockings were held up by garters and feet slipped into red shoes.  Curls were carefully styled to resemble an up do.  Lips were reddened and the mask added.  “How do I look?”
“What?” I asked.
Her voice was sweet and wonderful.  John wanted to crawl into her lap but something small held him back.  “I’m John.  Who are you?”
Over the course of the evening he ate a little too much food and drank a little too much wine.  Before he knew it he and Mary were whisked away to their bedchamber for their first night.  As he lay naked, panting for air he wondered if he had imagined Sherlock rubbing his thigh during the feast to keep him hard.
I took a deep breath.
“My lord…” Mary murmured.  “It’s alright.”
John blinked a few times.  “Yes.  But why?”
“Holmes, what is it you want from me?”
Lestrade kept his eyes to the floor, feet tucked under him and his hands at his side.  The only bit of covering was in the form of jewelry that decorated his engorged cock.
John opened his eyes and saw the lord had a thin gold chain about his waist.  Hanging from it, covering his genitals was a small square of silk.  “It’s still not…”  And then when Sherlock turned again for the door he noticed that there was nothing covering Sherlock’s bottom.  “Oh gods… You’re trying to destroy me…”
John kissed under his chin and curled up against him, content with his beautiful peacock.
Sherlock got to his feet and reached down to help John stand up.  “Now put on your Glamour.  You should be able to feel everything as if it was your own body.”
John’s hand landed on the top of my head and he cried out, “Stop!  Stop!”
I took another breath, holding it and willing my racing heart to slow down.
Sherlock’s eyes opened and he stared back at John, his expression open and soft.  “You?”
When we came to the third room I was confronted with a casket with “I love you” on the lid.  Immediately I imagined I would have to kill my Alpha, father of my baby.  But it was worse than that.  I had to tell Molly that I loved her while John listened.  And I knew what the casket meant.  My love for my Alpha had to die without ever saying the words I wanted to say to him.  Those words would kill us even as they gave life to Molly.
“I had your Dr. Watson.” Eurus casually announced as if to tell me she had soup for lunch.
“Because it’s true.” Molly whispered.
“Why did she take you?”  John asked.
John’s muzzle pulled away and the werewolf shifted into his human form, still under the table between Sherlock’s legs.  His fingers undid the zip and button of Sherlock’s trousers.
John looked confused.  “Take off my clothes?”
“You have spent the past two days running around in the cold and the muck.  It would be pleasant to wash all that grime off of you and make it an early night.” Watson reasoned.
John sighed helplessly and reached for the condom, opening it.  Pinching the tip, he rolled it down Sherlock’s erection.
“God, yes…” Sherlock moaned, eagerly undoing his flies and allowing the faun to push down his trousers and pants.  His cock was hard and ready for anything the faun had in mind.
“I already told you, I forbid it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I noticed that John was still and glanced up to see him looking at me as I continued to kneel on the floor.  “You said ‘anything.’”
“And those needs include me?”
John shook his head and gave an exasperated sigh.  “Have you ever buggered before?  We need supplies.  Lubrication, something!  The entire experience is going to be very uncomfortable for you.  You’re going to wish I had let you die by the time I’m done.”
“That bothers you.”
“He mounted me and claimed me.”  John showed his bite mark.  “I belong to him.”
To the left the mist cleared and revealed the place they had just been.  But now it was day.  John stopped, noticing a young boy playing in the stream.  The boy was naked.  His brown curls made him look familiar.  Under the tree a woman wearing a long dress and an apron was slumbering.  There was a flash of light and the fairy Sherlock called Irene appeared beside the stream, clad in a gown.
John looked down at Sherlock’s erection.  His cock was long and thin.  It was pink on his belly, rooting in a nest of dark pubic hair.  John leaned down and licked along the shaft to the tip.
Of course Lord John and Mary had to follow.  The feast was for their benefit.  They hurried after their king and met him at the open doors to the banquet hall.  John looked inside and found that it was extravagant and bedecked with flowers and mountains of food.
“Your time, my lord.”  The lady answered.
“Where are we going?” John asked, accidentally spilling some of his tea on the rug.
“Ask?”  Sherlock echoed.
I didn’t want to think about John, my John, entangled with my sister.  John preferred women, for years he made that perfectly clear.  John liked women and the only indication he had ever felt anything for a man was a man he was in the military with.  There was no indication he had consummated that affection but it was clear he was still attracted even though years had passed.
“I did not say that.”  Watson answered as he wiped his hand on his handkerchief.  “I will not give in to your seduction while we may be discovered by our landlady.  Should she go out, then perhaps...”
“He’s a criminal.  He thought he could escape in the woods… and he almost did until I stumbled onto you.  I think he stumbled on you too while you were passed out.”
John followed him up, catching the flashes of the sequined gown Sherlock wore under his coat.  In his hands he held the mask and the rest of Sherlock’s masculine clothes.  It was late and the detective hadn’t bothered to change out of his costume for the ride home.
“How am I supposed to do that if he… He wants me.”
“She had some appointments.”  John answered.  “Are you alright?”
Sherlock managed a small smile.  “Only a little bit.  You give me much more than that.  You are what I need.”
Sherlock smirked and rolled his eyes.  “You work side by side with your people and they respect you because you are all working together.  They are willing to fight and die for you because you are not one of those soft handed lords that treats them with contempt.  Those calluses come from using your sword to protect my kingdom.  What does it matter what he thinks?”
“Will you ejaculate already?”  Sherlock cried out.  “I can’t take it anymore!”
“That explains all the cigarette butts.”
“Lunch, I think.  Onions and meat on bread.”  John grinned.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and blinked up at John.  “How was work?”
“What’s this?  Goat boy got a plaything?  Oh… What fun!”  Moriarty giggled.
Skin on skin was something Sherlock wanted in his dream.  There was still too much clothing, but it was all easy to move aside and expose skin.  Each tugged at the other’s clothing.  John was the first to remove all his clothing.  Sherlock helped him before allowing John to remove his own clothing.  They lay naked, Sherlock on top of John, rutting and rubbing like horny teenagers who were not quite ready to go all the way.
We returned home, ready for a nice lie-in.
“No.  I want to know what you were doing.” Sherlock answered.
“It slipped my mind.”
“Not like this.”  Sherlock replied.
“You sent sexual messages to my sister.  I was just wondering if my brother was next…” I knew I should stop talking.  But the betrayal and the hurt was too much.  “Hey Mycroft… How about you touch…”
We hadn’t discussed the physical side of our marriage.  So our first kiss was when the officiant asked us to seal our vows with a kiss.  It was awkward and brief.
“Why are you so disturbed by that?  I married you!” I snapped at him.
“It’s too much.”
“As you wish, m’lord.”  Lestrade replied.
John looked down at his left ring finger nervously.  “I’m… I’m not ready.”
“She thinks she is marrying you in order to keep her lands and to conceive heirs.  It’s not for love.  She knows that.”
Someone stepped up behind him and something sharp touched his neck.  He knew no more.
I have so many disappointments and feels about the new season.  You know what I have to write in the next few chapters, don't you?  Bleh...
“Did he touch you?  Hurt you?”  Sherlock asked needlessly.  He already knew the answer, having deduced it before he had offered John his jacket.  Still… He had to be sure.
“Was that what you were expecting?” John asked.
John gave another sigh.  “Oh, Sherlock…”  And with that he leaned down to swallow Sherlock’s cock, making sure to use plenty of saliva.
John sat up and ran his palms down Sherlock’s back, feeling the scars against his hands from shoulders down to waist.  For a moment he regretted not being able to experience the smooth skin it had once been.  “They aren’t hideous… And they should fade with time.”  His hands massaged the tight muscles, kneading them.  “You’re tense.”
It was too much and the detective gave a choked sob as his fingers gripped the cushion, feeling pulse upon pulse caught in John’s cupped hand.  Gasping for air, he rubbed his cheek against the chair seat.  Chair… Seat… Sitting up suddenly he looked back at Irene Adler who sat in John’s chair, staring at him.  “Seats!  Those numbers are seat numbers.”  Quickly he got up and pulled up his trousers before going to the computer to confirm his theory.
Finally the door opened after thirty one minutes.  John stepped into the room, biting his lips.
“London?  Why?  What’s in London?  The feral packs are out here in the countryside.  There won’t be any packs in a city.”
“I heard what Eurus said when you were alone with her.”  John hinted.  “Are you sure there isn’t something you want to tell me?”
“So you can stab me in my sleep?”  John mused.
“But someone was there… I left them.”
“When you beat him.” Mycroft suggested.
Sherlock shook his head as if he didn’t want to say.
John glanced at Sherlock finding the detective was looking at him.
A sensation of someone tentatively probing his anus caused him to tremble in anticipation.  His own penis was rock hard.
John paused, looking down at his shoulder which had been rubbing against Mary.  “Sorry.”
John casually crossed his legs and stared back at the consulting detective.  “A bed slave’s domain is the bedroom.  You should be naked and waiting for me on the bed.”
“I don’t love her.  Besides I can’t be with the Woman, I love someone else.”
“I ate my sandwich.”
“What?”
“You should wear more… If you’re cold.”  John whimpered, placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders to hold himself steady.
Suddenly I felt full.  I opened my eyes to find John staring down at me in surprise.  “Are you crying?”
John had never heard a name like it.  “My name is John Watson.”  Peeling off the sock, he stuffed it into the shoe.  “What do you want?”
“What?”
“Either way is fine.”  John rolled away and reached into the nightstand to find a tube of lube and a half empty box of condoms.  “Face to face is more intimate… But there’s something rather primal about going at it like animals.”  Checking the expiration date, he found they were still good.  The box told him a couple of things.  Sherlock had sex recently if the number of condoms and the expiration date were anything to go by.  John rolled back over, depositing his finds between them.  Taking a single condom from the box, he dropped the rest behind himself.
“And you two live here?  Out in the open?” Greg asked.
Sherlock worked his way back up John’s body, keeping his fingers in John as he went.  “My John…” His lips reverently kissed John’s sternum.  “I plan to exhaust you before your wedding.”
“You’re his baby, Rosie.” John answered.
--TBC
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John’s lips.  His tongue traced the lord’s lower lip before he sucked on it.
“Sex.”
“The Fairy Realm is organized by our states of mind.  If you find this person in your mind you will find them.  Good luck.  And don’t forget me.  I want to see what you become.”
“Because I’m a GOD DAMN FAUN!”  Sherlock erupted angrily and then immediately moaned and leaned over for another wave.  “Because my biology cannot be denied now that you are here with me and I can fucking smell you.  Please, John… Please…” With another whine his body expelled again.  “I shouldn’t have climbed on your back.  I shouldn’t have… The motion triggered this.  I can’t…”  With another grunt came another expel.  “I can’t hold back my nature.  I’ve been holding it back for so long.”
Robson snorts. “Right. I’ll meet you back at the station. Good luck with” she gestures her hand at Sherlock’s shirt “all that.”
“Thank you, John.”
“That wall was put up just over a month ago. All of the underground portions of the passages have been closed for four months for maintenance and repairs. It was supposed to be done for May, but this section ended up needed a bit more work. They put up that wall while the workers finished. Rest of the system is done. The passages have stayed closed to the public, but the wall meant that staff could carry out work on the other side without disturbing things. They’ve been documenting the renovations and using the extra time to film some educational videos and stuff on the other side,” TS explains, moving towards Sherlock.
John is panting harder and whispers, “Jesus, Sherlock,” and then a second later, “sorry.”
, John. I was reviewing the case notes and it sort of just happened.” Sherlock explains, waving his hands in the air.  He must have fallen asleep at about 2:30. Robson had sent over some case notes via an encrypted email. It didn’t include any pictures, but it was enough for Sherlock to get started. And then he got distracted reading about the passages themselves. He remembers lying down and closing his eyes for a brief rest that ended up lasting four hours. Bloody transport.
XXXXXXX
Rosie falls asleep after two pages. Toad is still locked up. They’ll have to come back to this chapter tomorrow.
“Some people must be so excited when they make a reservation. Or even nervous if it’s for a big event,” Sherlock asks, trying to sound nonchalant.
“Well, I found this bottle of chianti and thought you’d probably earned another break. A little birdy told me they’d seen you come back to the hotel, so I thought I’d come to you.” Slater is practically purring. “Are you on your own or are some of Exeter’s finest with you?”
Slater is already hooked. He smiles broadly at Sherlock. “I have no doubt I have something you’ll enjoy, Mr. Holmes. What can I get you?”
“You better get that,” says John, a smile in his voice.
Sherlock sighs and taps his fingers impatiently on the table causing John to chuckle. “I can tell when you’re getting antsy, Sherlock. I’ll let you go and you can keep working. I’ll keep digging too. Text if you find anything or if you need to complain about the police or the accommodations or the weather or whatever. And eat something. I know you already found the protein bars I put in your case.”
Hehehe... This is rather fun.  I should stretch out plots more often.
No one has bothered to ask why I did it.
“John…” Sherlock gasped.
“How should I prove that?”
Sherlock frowned and bit his lips, silent.
“Here and there.”  I answered.
The detective whimpered again, his hips erratic.
“Everyone needs it...” Sherlock purred and stepped into John’s space again, hand pushing into John’s trousers to fondle him.  “Everyone has something they want.  What is you want, my lord?”
That night Sherlock did not come to bed.  John was alone and cold in their nest.  The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea of bringing a friend so Sherlock could socialize with other Fae.
Sherlock pulled back and gave a wicked grin before pushing John back towards the bed.  His nimble fingers undid John’s trousers and pushed them down his thighs before knocking the lord onto his back and crawling on top of him.  “How long has it been, my lord John Watson?  How long has it been since you’ve shared your bed?”  His hips gave a little thrust, sliding his hardened cock against John’s.
“That’s it… that’s good.”
Sherlock gasped for breath and then mindlessly grabbed the mobile to turn it on.  “Lestrade?”
It was supposed to be the worst room of them all.  I had to either kill my brother or my Alpha.  It was simple, easy.  It was estrus poisoning and the ODs all over again.  The answer was to kill myself.  They would live on without me.  And then everything went black.
At that moment the king entered John’s throne room clad in clothing more fitting of his class.  Behind him followed Lestrade.  “Is the prisoner ready for transport?”
“How difficult could it be?”
“Vatican Cameos!” John’s cry was desperate.
I wondered if John had been placed in my path so I would fall for him.  I wouldn’t put it past Eurus to have John shot so he would fall into my path and appeal to my fondness for men in uniform.  Of course… She also placed a lesbian dominatrix in my path so it’s unlikely she knew what my preferences were.
“You wanted us to meet people in pubs?” John was confused.
“It does not matter.  Go away.”  Sherlock answered, rolling onto his side and away from Watson.
“Rosie?  Rosie needs a… A mother.”  John gave a weary sigh.  “I failed in siring an heir.”
Staring up at the ceiling, his mouth open and eyes shut, Sherlock didn’t know if he was about to have his throat ripped out or explode in his pants… His hand reached up to touch the other man’s arm.  And then his mobile went off.
They shared a bed.  They didn’t talk about the bed.  One night after they had been living together for a couple of years, John had fallen asleep on Sherlock’s bed while they were working overnight for a case.  Sherlock didn’t ask that he leave, so it became a habit.  Neither man ever commented on it.  And then within a year when Rosie was big enough to come down the stairs by herself, she joined them after she woke up in the morning.
John shook his head.  “I’m going to cum.”
“You take me first.”
“John had to go pick up Rosie.  He’ll be back soon.  He’s not going to leave you like this.”
Sherlock deflated, suddenly feeling rather foolish and exposed.
For weeks I forgot.  It was only after I returned from hospital that I remembered.  I felt increasingly distracted as John spent the afternoon with me.  I wanted him to bend me over the table and take me.  Wild fantasies filled my brain.  It was my brain’s reaction to his Alpha scent.  I was only half aware of his admission to cheating on Mary.  My Alpha started to cry and I moved to wrap my arms around him to comfort him.
It wasn’t a particularly bad place to be stranded overnight.  The tree gave him shelter.  The stream provided water.  The ache of his ankle demanded his attention and he unlaced the boot to remove it and his sock.  The stream also provided cold to bring down the swelling.  With his trousers rolled up, he set his foot into the water and allowed the chill to work.
His eyes caught on a woman sitting on the edge of the stream with her feet in the water.  She wasn’t part of the travelers.  They had stumbled on her.  And she was naked!  John crawled to her and sat beside her.  “Hi!”
“I won’t knot you right away… not until you’re ready.”
Sherlock wrapped an arm around his lover as John cried out and ejaculated onto his chest and belly.
“Why does it bother you?” Eurus asked.  “It’s just… Sex.”
“I wouldn’t interfere.”  Sherlock answered, rubbing John’s back.  “I know there’s a difference between sex and love.”
“He is your king… Mary will be your wife.  Your duty is to both of them.”
“Don’t be stupid… Where would I put the knife?”  Sherlock demanded indicating his naked body.
John paused and reached down to take Sherlock’s cock in his hand, stroking him in time to his thrusts until the detective below him began to cry out and writhe.  Quickly he gave the last few thrusts he needed and stroked until Sherlock cried out beneath him and shot his warm seed onto both of them.  John released his grip and relaxed, still connected to his lover.  “You can keep me.”
Sherlock stepped up close into John’s space.  “Needs.”
“What are you talking about?” John asked, cocking his head to the side.
“Why was I lied to?  What was the plan?  Was it to get close to me so I could be removed?”
Sherlock rolled over on top of the lord, resting his head on the other man’s chest.  “You need to bathe… But first we will share pleasure again.”
“Good… Because I have him.”
“Some of them were quite harmless.  Normal flirting I would say.”  I assured him.
“No more talk about babies.  Stay with Nana.”  Sherlock instructed Rosie and then took John’s hand and helped him up from the table.  “John, let’s go on a walk.”
John took it and sipped at the contents, finding it to be delicious.  Another swallow and it was gone.  The cup was set down on the table.
John nodded.  Whatever Sherlock had to do to get them out of there was alright with him.
“I know.”  John answered and kissed him.
“Where?”
“It’s January 6th.”
“Come out!” Sherlock demanded.
“The teeth marks… distinctly human with prominent canines… that’s the bite of a werewolf in the early part of their transformation… or the late part if it was dawn.”
“Just relax.”  John replied, taking a deep whiff.  Moving up Sherlock’s body he checked other scent spots… the underarm and the neck.  “Yeah… Yes, I’d like that.  To share a flat with you… that would be… fine.”
“God, no…” John answered, rubbing his face.  “What do you want to do?”
Sherlock passed a few notes to the driver before opening his door.
“Are you lost?” John asked.
Lord Sherlock insisted on staying naked despite John’s pleas that he at least put on a shift or a pair of trousers.  In fact both articles of clothing were on the bed at Sherlock’s feet but the other lord ignored them.
There was no way she knew what difficulty meant unless she too went into heat and was abandoned in the middle of it.  “You don’t know…”
“No, sweetheart… Sherlock isn’t actually your daddy.  At least not yet.”
John stared down at his fried rice and nodded.  “You’re right… my mother had me while she was still a slave.”
“If I knew of some way to track her and bring her back, I would.  All I can do is send word.  If she doesn’t wish to be found…”
“You don’t even know me.” John remarked as he sat on the leather couch, staring up at the man who paced the living room.  “How do you know I’m not some nut?”
Eurus smirked at me.  “Hey… Hey.  What are you doing?  Nothing how about you?”  Her words came out as if she was having a conversation with someone.  “Hey.  Hey… I’m lonely tonight.  Would you like some company?  What would we do?  I don’t know… Perhaps dinner and a movie?  I’m busy.  I know, we can pretend.”  Eurus took a step closer to the window.  “Touch yourself.  Mm… Yes… That feels good.”
I didn’t answer.  The sweat on his back was cooling as evidence of what we had done began to fade.  My scent was no longer pungent.  With a grunt John pulled out and waddled off to the bathroom to deal with the condom, leaving me alone on the bed that still smelled of us.  The tears came again.
“What is it, your highness?”  John asked.
John felt like he was on display.  Shyly he blushed and bit his lip.  His cheeks reddened.  Never had he ever felt so naked before another person.  “Well?”
Sherlock gave him a smile.  “I’ve had worse.”
“The howling woke me.”  John swallowed hard.  “My pack… that was my pack.”  Shifting a bit, he tried to move closer to see.
“Then why has no one bonded with me?” I demanded.
“That’s no excuse.  I really am sorry and I would like to make it up to you.”
“Of course it bothers me.  I may work with my hands, I may be a soldier, but I am not an animal to be taken in a stall.”  As soon as he said it he remembered the incident with Irene in the hay and the subsequent release by Sherlock’s hand.  “I mean…”
Rosie pried herself away from the drink bar and sat down in the middle of the backseat.  Her parents sat on either side of her.  “Can I take off my mask?”
John cursed and sprinted down the hallway, his feet nearly slipping out from under him as he crossed the wood and stone floor.  Sherlock had gone to meet Magnussen without any protection.  Behind him Lestrade crashed into a wall with a metallic crunch of his armor and cursed.  “This way!”  Lord John urged.  Vaguely he knew the layout of this part of the castle from Sherlock’s planning.
“Most of us…?”  Lestrade echoed.
Sherlock reached out through the bars and lightly touched John’s chest.  “Let us protect you.”
“I’m here for you.  I’ll always be here for you.” Molly whispered.
“I… I didn’t know I was doing it.”  John replied.  “What do I do?  How do I find him?”
John took a deep breath.  “The OD on the plane… The near OD last week… Let’s not forget that Mary took the bullet intended for you.  And now this?  You’re trying to die.”
“Goodnight…” John answered.
“You didn’t know.  I startled you.”
“I do like it when you enter me, John.”
“I admire her.” Sherlock answered.  “There’s a difference.”
John Watson raised a pint with his mates.  As they cheered the lights for the club dimmed and the curtains rose on stage.  It was John’s birthday and several of his friends dragged him out to a drag show.  The night was filled with female impersonators wearing sparkly outfits and lip syncing to powerful female singers.
“I have no need for more servants.”  Watson stated, frowning a bit as he stared at the two men and one woman.  All three were naked in kneeling bows.
John kissed him again, deepening it to silence Sherlock’s murmurs.  His hand reached down to touch Sherlock’s cock, cradling it in his hand.
Sherlock shook his head mutely and his hand resumed its movement until more semen escaped.  “Shit…”
Sherlock gave none.
John glanced back at Sherlock who stood in silence, embarrassed.  “Out.”  His order to Mycroft was quick.  “I’ll protect Sherlock with my life.  He’s no longer your pack or your concern.”
“You still have plenty of time to sire an heir before…”
“Master.”  Sherlock echoed the title.  “What would you have me do for you, master?”
“Copy.”  The walkie talkie replied.  “Standby.”
“I couldn’t have an unopened box in my nightstand, could I?”
Sherlock returned his finger, finding the opening open and dripping.  Grabbing his own penis he positioned it in place and slowly pushed into the tightest heat he didn’t expect.  Sliding in easily, he bottomed out balls deep.  “Adaptation?”
John closed his eyes and tried desperately to remember that physical was a distraction.
“Is there something you want to tell me?” John asked as he sat on my new couch.  It wasn’t as good as my old couch.  Rosie sat on the floor at his feet, playing with her toys.
John took a step closer.  “Do you want to touch me?  You can.”
“What was she talking about?  Did you plan for us to go out after our meeting with Scott Trevor?” John asked.
“How?”  John challenged.
“I mean… you were in the military but you held rank… so you were already a freedman.  What was your… skill?  I don’t believe it was blood sports.  You’re a crack shot but a gladiator has more scars.”
“Don’t be silly, Lord John.  Why would I want his head stinking up my court?  At least feed him to the flesh-eating beetles first.”
helping the police and it’s been an
at the Christmas party. “You’ve been bored. I thought you’d be itching to get on a train and check it out.” John continues as he pulls down the mugs and tea bags.
Sherlock chuckles and hits the Facetime button. John’s number is the only one that appears on the screen. Sherlock has only ever used Facetime to call (or receive a call from) John. He imagines that streak will continue until Rosie gets her own phone, which won’t be for some time.
“NO!” yells Rosie angrily. She doesn’t stop running until stopping in front of Sherlock. For a moment she looks like she’s going to climb into his lap but then notices the small overnight bag resting against the sofa. She stares daggers at the bag before bursting into tears. Sherlock packed last night so that he wouldn’t be rushed this morning. He had packed relatively lightly, while acknowledging that any case can result in needing multiple change of clothes (he may need to wade through a dirty skip or two). Through her tears, Rosie is looking at the black leather bag like it has personally harmed her.
He looks in the peephole. Not Rich. “It looks like takeaway,” he explains. “Must be the wrong room.”
The two men continue to walk hand-in-hand, in a comfortable silence. Sherlock feels like a teenager in the desperate throws of young love. As per usual, John is keeping an eye on their surroundings. Sherlock is watching John. Suddenly, John stops and looks up. Sherlock follows his gaze to a television mounted above them that is showing footage from Robson’s press conference. She looks calm but relieved as she speaks to the media. The main headline on screen reads
. She met him online and then they exchanged letters. There was some exchange of addresses but then no electronic trail.” He starts tearing through the room again even though he just did a search for a tablet and would have noticed a pile of letters.
Sherlock is already on his computer when John returns. “Let me tell you about aqueducts, John,” Sherlock says without looking up.
John makes some surprised sounds before clearing his throat. “Umm. Okay. I can let you go if you want to…..go.”
Sherlock is frozen as he tries to process what he just heard. The look of confusion on his face has been replaced by one more akin to uncertainty. John takes pity on him and switches direction, walking back with a shy smile. Once he’s close enough, John reaches out and takes Sherlock’s right hand in his left, intertwining their fingers and gently running his thumb over Sherlock’s index finger. He then gently pulls him forward.
Sherlock doesn’t need to hear anymore. He stands up and walks out. The crime has been solved; the perpetrator has confessed. He’s done.
“Of course it wasn’t working!” says Sherlock, laughing sarcastically. “And of course, that wasn’t in the notes.” He pauses and looks around. “Well, while I am here, we might as well find the murder weapon. Start moving.”
“Lucky bone,” says Rich before sighing. “Well then, stop by when the case wraps up, Sherlock. I am sure I’ll find the perfect wine to help you unwind.”
“That’s great, Sherlock, but don’t worry about it if you are in the middle of something. I know you want to talk to Rosie, but if you have to call from the back seat of cruiser or the hallway of the station for a quick good night, that’s fine. She’ll understand.”  John pauses and puts his hands in his pockets and bounces back and forth on his feet. “I’ll text if I find anything interesting. If it’s not solved today, I’ll be available for a call tonight whenever you get in. Okay? Or a call from the train if you just want to talk. Though I know that’s unlikely.” He chuckles. “And I know you’ll want to text me an account of the idiocy of the local police force but try not spend too much time looking at your phone.”
The time spent in the reception area is primarily focused on considering the angles and views of the CCTV cameras. The camera fixed on the main entrance would be impossible to evade, but it is technically possible for someone to avoid being seen on the camera fixed on the entrance of the passages themselves. It would be difficult, however, and would require someone to be small and nimble. Young. Sherlock also checks the loo to verify Riley Lechance’s story. The lavatory is a fair distance to both the main door and the entrance of the passages. It is believable that Lechance would not have heard Madison Rice enter the reception or walk to the passages. The loo is also very clean and surprisingly large. A tempting napping place for an entitled kid who has been up all night and is developing a hangover.
“Watson, do you know anything about aqueducts?” asks Sherlock, pulling Rosie onto his lap.
“Just got back into Exeter. I want to be there at the arrest. You should be too. I’ll be at your hotel in ten minutes. Sergeants Foley, Macarthur, and Wilson will be waiting for us outside the residence. They’ll wait for us before going inside.”
Sherlock spends the next hour-and-a-half examining the reception area for the passages and the crime scene itself. The only other people here are the terrified sergeant (who Sherlock has labelled TS in his mind) and a constable who has been assigned to keep watch over the crime scene. They both leave Sherlock alone, for which he is extremely grateful.
Sherlock pockets his phone, missing John desperately.
Holy hell. Sherlock jumps up from the chair and practically runs the few steps to the full-length mirror. He musses up his hair a bit more and takes a deep breath. There’s really only one thing he can do. Push things a bit further. Just a bit. And he doesn’t want to make John wait.
Sherlock finds feelings of nausea combining with excitement and arousal as he selects the photo. He doesn’t bother writing a message and just hits send. He then gets up to pace again, leaving his phone on the chair.
Sherlock and Robson get into her car to drive to talk to Madison Rice’s parents. They have already been interviewed, but Robson is hoping that Sherlock’s questioning will prove helpful. Sherlock has no idea why he agreed to it the endeavour will certainly be a total waste of time. Once that interview is done, Sherlock and Robson will stop and do a quick check in at the The Botanist. That will also likely be useless but there is a chance the restaurant will have some record of people who didn’t show up to their reservations on Monday. Sherlock sighs as Robson pulls into traffic. They are close but he suspects he will be spending another night in Exeter before this is wrapped up.
John re-enters the room and sits down on the sofa. “Did you tell him about the victim?” he asks.
“Thank you, John” is all Sherlock manages to get out as he moves to board his train.
Sherlock provides the disappointing but expected update about Julie Fast.
“You’re welcome,” says John, smiling back. “And ‘course. Say goodnight to Sherlock, Rosie.”
Sherlock follows mindlessly for a moment as he processes what was just said. Without warning, he aggressively pulls John to the right. “On second thought, John, we better take a cab home. Get those little legs moving, there is no time to waste.”
John tilts his head towards the exit and starts walking. Sherlock follows, making quick work of the croissant. He was hungrier than he thought. John is leading them towards the Euston Road exit where there is both a taxi rank and an entrance to the tube. Sherlock already knows that John’s frugal nature (aka being cheap) will steer them towards the latter.
“Oi!” interjects Lestrade, but Sherlock continues.
Robson puts on her officer voice. “Mr. Fletcher, open the door. You know why we are here.”
By the time the train pulls into King’s Cross, Sherlock has reread this morning’s texts dozens of times and is no closer to clarity. He forces himself to tamp down his angst as he pockets his phone and disembarks from the train. He finds John in the crowd immediately, at the far end of the platform, smiling broadly at Sherlock. It
“I don’t want to leave London right now. Exeter isn’t in London ergo no case.” Sherlock leans back and takes a drink from his tea.
“Madison Rice and her murderer met here for a date to go ghost hunting. You lot,” Sherlock points to the sergeants, “should look for any local groups with an interest in ghost stories. See if there is any overlap with the passage staff or construction crew.” It’s unlikely, but Sherlock would rather question Madison Rice’s roommate (his next stop this morning) with only Robson in tow.
Suddenly, the momentous nature of what just happened hits and Sherlock finds himself grinning broadly. He wants to shout from the rooftops. He wants to
“Yeah, that’s right,” confirms the roommate. “Lately she was always writing or getting letters. Didn’t know it was a bloke but it makes sense. She checked the mail everyday and would run into her room smiling if she got a letter.”
XXXXXXX
Sherlock feels the incoming texts at about 8:30 AM, as expected. He is sure that John completed his research last night (John being as bad as Sherlock about forgoing sleep when he got on a roll) but held off on sending a message out of fear he’d wake up his friend. John is sending the messages now as he has just boarded the 8:35 train to Hampshire (Mrs. Hudson having agreed to walk Rosie to school) and is waiting to leave.
Warm feelings of affection join the (still pronounced) arousal. It’s heady. Sherlock opens the door and accepts the food that John has ordered him from London. Always taking care of him. How he longs for John to be there with him.
The second Sherlock is out of the tiny room he pulls out his phone and starts typing. He sends two texts, the first to Lestrade.
Sherlock is touched at the thoughtful gesture and also impressed. He had no idea that John purchased the book or had slipped anything in his bag. It’s not often that anyone can surprise him.
John had gone to Sherlock’s favourite bakery to get his favourite pastry. He had left Baker Street this morning and gone to Layla’s Bakery in Notting Hill – in the opposite direction from King’s Cross. This trip to the bakery must have more than doubled John’s travel time. Although Sherlock can see the crumb remnants of a cherry turnover on John’s shirt (John’s regular order at Layla’s), the purpose of the detour was clearly to get Sherlock a chocolate croissant. Sherlock fears he won’t be able to speak lest his voice crack with emotion.
“Rich, what are you doing here?” Sherlock asks as he opens the door, even though it’s obvious.
“As much as I loathe repeating myself, I feel I should pre-empt you. I am not going to Exeter. I have commitments here.” Sherlock picks up the mug of tea John has left for him and moves to his chair.
Sherlock turns his attention to the staff member. “I need any photos or videos you have that might include pictures of this wall. Particularly the other side. I need to know when those screws were removed. We may have the perpetrator entering the tunnel on CCTV after all.”
Thanks everyone for reading :).
Sherlock smiles – he would be going home tonight! The combination of a name and the information of where Madison Rice met her killer mean the perpetrator’s time is running out. The Exeter police were reviewing every interaction Madison Rice ever made in the ghost story message board, it was only a matter of time before they identified her pen pal now that they had a name too.
Sherlock’s annoyance at Riley Lechance’s obvious innocence slowly dissipates as he examines the scene. The passages are a fascinating place for a murder and his brain is working at a million miles a minute taking it all in, trying to figure out what actually took place yesterday. Sherlock can’t help but revel in the thrill of the game and for the first time since arriving in Exeter, he’s glad he came.
John will be waiting for a reply. Sherlock decides for partial honest and then deflection. He certainly can’t reveal that he spent the last few minutes pouring over every inch of the photo.
Millie Jones opens the door, looking annoyed and half-asleep. She quickly wakes up when she sees Robson, Sherlock, and the three Sergeants looking back at her. There are more officers sitting in vehicles on the road.
“No. He finished his shift and went home. It was the kid on the next shift who found her. Poor girl had been dead about between one and two hours. Not that there is anything anyone could have done. She was knocked out and then stabbed right in the heart.” Lestrade shakes his head.
Sherlock turns to Chapter 6 and begins reading, quickly eliciting giggles from Rosie with his traditional Rat, Mole, and Badger voices. John follows along and turns the pages at the appropriate times. This edition is illustrated, and Sherlock can tell Rosie is closely examining every picture that appears on the pages. It takes about 15 minutes to get through the chapter, which ends with Toad being locked up. Rosie lets out a yelp of protest when Sherlock closes the book.
He’s about to put down the phone (time to get back to the case now that John is being boring talking about food) when it rings. Robson. He answers immediately.
XXXXXXX
John chuckles. “I will be happy to hear about them, Sherlock. But in a minute. I have a Chief Inspector to call.”
“Err, right,” replies John. He’s confused but knows not to bother asking for an explanation. “Well, Madison Rice was a shy and nerdy teacher. Quiet. Pretty. On the shorter side and…average build? Yeah, I’d say average build. Didn’t seem that interested in fashion. In almost all the pictures I found she was wearing a t-shirt, jeans, and sneakers. Never any jewellery or makeup. Didn’t get much sun either, she always has pale pink skin no matter what time of year. Her hair was a nice colour, like a golden brown, and seemed pretty long. But she always wore it in a ponytail. So always casual, I guess. I suspect she didn’t go to many clubs.” John chuckles. “How’d I do?”
is obviously thrilled he gets to show off. Sherlock decides to up the ante as Slater pulls out a bottle and pours a glass. The detective stands and, with exaggerated movements, removes his suit jack, and rests it on the back of the chair. Although he is not wearing one of his tightest shirts, he knows this one shows off strong shoulders. Slater’s eyes rake over Sherlock’s torso as he puts down the glass of wine. “Here. You’ll love this. Pinot noir from the Niagara region in Canada. I do my best find the most delectable new world wines for my customers. You won’t find that wine anywhere else in the west of England I imagine.”
Sherlock claps his hands together. The pieces that previously troubled him are starting to make sense. Madison Rice on the CCTV was a small risk. If the date had gone as planned, no one would have ever seen the footage. But even if they did, no one who might see the footage would recognize the victim. But Kyle, whoever he was, couldn’t walk through the front door. He didn’t want to be risk being on the CCTV. Because he would be recognized.
Over the last three weeks, Sherlock has been away from John for more than nine days. 232 hours to be exact. Unacceptable. The first week Sherlock was away two days and two nights giving testimony at a trial in Manchester. It was only supposed to be one night, but his testimony was delayed at the last minute. Infuriating. The next week, Sherlock spent four excruciating days and three painful nights in Belgium helping Mycroft with an incredibly dull task relating to the UK-EU negotiations. It was beyond tedious, and Sherlock suspected Mycroft just wanted his company for the trip as big brother knew it would all be dreadfully boring. The only reason Sherlock had agreed to the nightmare trip was because he owed his brother a favour (Mycroft being instrument in ensuring John got the interview for his new position) and Mycroft choose to cash it in. The separation continued last week when John had to stay at Army Headquarters in Hampshire for three days and four nights for the annual training of medical support staff. Sherlock had obviously been with Rosie for those three days (which was far more exhausting than chasing the fastest criminal across London) but the absence of John for had hit him hard. The long and the short of it was that his home had been disrupted recently and it had drained Sherlock far more than he expected.
“He’ll confess almost immediately. I’ll be waiting,” says Sherlock.
He doesn’t have to wait long. The phone vibrates in the chair and Sherlock nearly trips as he bounds over.
Rosie’s is now kicking the overnight bag with a scowl on her face. Sherlock can’t help but smile, although he tries to hide it. Rosie - with her fair pink skin dotted with freckles and creamy blond hair still a mess having just roused from sleep – is adorable. John walks over and starts rubbing her back. The little girl’s tears have mostly subsided, but she is still pouting. “Sh’lock, you were just away with Uncle Mycroft. And Daddy was just away at work. This doesn’t feel good. This makes me sad.” The statement both breaks Sherlock’s heart and gives him a sense of pride. With much encouragement, Rosie had recently become quite adept at describing her feelings, something both John and Sherlock marvel at.
Once the messages are sent, Sherlock stops and sighs. If he were here, John would tell him to be polite. He’d also remind Sherlock that Robson was his ride. Sherlock turns back towards the still-confused group and addresses the supervisor and manager. “Thank you for your time.” He then turns to Robson. “You need to tell the officer looking at the victim’s digital trail to call John Watson within the next half hour. I have his contact information. And we need to go to Madison Rice’s flat.”
“I know,” says Rosie, resigned, kicking the bag one last time. “The police couldn’t find their own reflection in a mirror.” John sighs audibly and Sherlock does his best to stifle a laugh. He really must be a bit more careful about what he says in front of the clever little girl.
“Yes, that would be good John. There must be some clue about his identity I’m missing.” Sometimes just saying things out loud to John helps Sherlock see connections he didn’t before. And for some reason, it only works if it’s John.
“Riley is so predictable,” explains Fletcher with an anxious and sad chuckle. “Robbie is always joking about how Riley has the worst FOMO and it’s true. I knew if Maddy showed up during the breakfast, the front would be empty. And Riley didn’t have a key so he’d have to leave the door open. And that way I could pretend we weren’t trespassing. Maddy was terrified about breaking rules, her parents were always breathing down her neck.” Fletcher rubs his hand on his face.
Sherlock clears his throat and adjusts his pants and trousers as he walks to the door. It’s a bit juvenile, but John’s display of protectiveness and aggression is causing arousal to start to pool in his stomach.
Sherlock gets to his hotel room at 8:20 PM, feeling great and buzzing with excitement. Despite the uselessness of the local police (although Robson is demonstrating some competence despite being saddled with morons) this case has stimulated him. He didn’t realize how much he needed a puzzle.
John is right, of course. But it is just a terrible coincidence. Right? Had to be. Madison Rice going to the main (legal) entrance is predictable, but no one could have known that Lechance would be sleeping in the loo. Sherlock closes his eyes and puts down his phone. Considers getting some more of the korma. He should have saved some of the naan – it could have been breakfast. Breakfast! He opens his eyes and grabs his phone. Madison Rice was always supposed to enter through the official entrance at a time Riley Lechance would be absent.
. Sherlock is still pacing when the photo arrives a couple minutes later. He stops to open it and immediately drops into the nearest seat, which happens to be the armchair. He stares, mouth agape at the image before him.
Lestrade sighs. “Nothing concrete. Obviously, they are worried about terrorism or a kidnapping gone bad or the like. But there has been no claims of responsibility or ransom demands. Plus, CCTV makes it clear that the vic entered the passageways willingly. Nothing in the vic’s background to suggest a motive either. And not enough physical evidence at the scene to provide any clues.”
“The owner takes care of reservations and greeting people when they arrive?” Sherlock asks although he knows the answer.
The messages provide no clues as to John’s line of thinking. As a result, Sherlock doesn’t know what to expect when he and John are reunited. How does John view their exchange last night? Is he pleased? Embarrassed? Thrilled? Confused?
Sherlock replies quickly,
“Her intense privacy is proving to be an issue. As is her social anxiety. Madison Rice didn’t open up easily and kept her hobbies, which she perceived as abnormal, under wraps. Her cellphone was paid for by her parents and I suspect they felt a certain entitlement to view it. Which explains why there is almost nothing on it. Certainly nothing about a meeting with a potential beau in either her texts or email. There are few photos on the phone but nothing that provide any insight. Almost all the texts and outgoing calls are to her family or her best friend, Julie Fast. There is an occasional note to colleagues at work or her roommate, but the tone makes it clear that Ms. Rice wasn’t close with them.” Sherlock is on a roll now. “If anyone knew about Ms. Rice’s date, it would be Ms. Fast. Unfortunately, they have had limited contact lately, so it is unlikely. Ms. Fast has been on an extended vacation in Australia. She was camping this weekend and her parents only got a hold of her late today. She’s on a flight home now.” Sherlock stops to take a breath. “Based on the knife, Ms. Rice met her murderer through something considered nerdy, confirmed by the interests you’ve identified so far. I am almost certain she met him online. You can stop looking at dating sites. You said she used to be interested in Dungeons and Dragons. Did you find any other interests?”
interested in science and history. And particularly adept at them too.
“The loo. I was sleeping the whole morning in the loo. Even missed dropping in on the breakfast. It’s always at the diner round the block,” Lechance says quietly. “I really didn’t see that woman come in. I didn’t hear anything…well nothing woke me up until my alarm at the end of shift. I went out front just before Olli came for the next shift. Cat, Robbie, and Fitz came to say hi too and I left with them.” The kid is slouching lower and lower in his chair and won’t look anyone in the eye.
Sherlock is lost in thought when John replies to the picture.
Both men have stopped and standing almost side by side. Sherlock furrows his brow looking towards John. “I admit you have now confused me, John, if that was your goal.”
He pockets the phone and re-enters the room.
“Hmmm, miracle that,” John replies with a chuckle. “So, you got out before the press conference? News stories are just popping up so it must have finished not long ago.”
John’s response is short.
Sherlock starts walking to the door, annoyed. It’s likely a member of Robson’s team, despite the fact he was clear they should text him if they needed to make contact. “John, I’ll just be a moment,” he says into the phone. Too loudly he realizes. He’s now given away that he’s in the room. Damn it! He could have just ignored whoever was on the other side.
“Take your time,” says a familiar voice who obviously only heard
“Right,” says the manager, eyes darting between the various officers. “Well, you are right, there are some legends. There is supposedly a ghost that wanders the passages when they are empty. A worker who died when they were originally built. Most sightings or strange sounds happen at night, but others have been reported during the day when the passages are near empty.” The manager chuckles, “the ghost only seems to show his face if there are only one or two people here. It’s all just legend of course but…there you have it.”
Sherlock stares at his phone for a minute but it stays silent. He sighs and moves back to the table. As he sits down, a few messages come in back-to-back.
Sherlock continues to ignore whatever the sergeant is saying and holds his phone in his hands willing for it to vibrate. He doesn’t have to wait long.
“She was running away from him,” TS replies, nodding.
“Brute force. Looks like her head was slammed against the wall of the passage. Would have knocked her out cold.”
Trigger warning - this chapter has a short description of a date-sexual assault. It is relatively short and occurs during the confession.
XXXXXXX
“It wasn’t
After five minutes (it seems the CI isn’t willing to disclose too many details before Sherlock formally accepts the case), John ends the call by telling Robson he’ll be in touch after conferring with Sherlock. “You might as well move into the sitting room, Sherlock,” John says as he pockets his mobile. “I know you were listening and I’m sure you want the details.”
Sherlock’s desire to cling to
“Excellent work, Mr. Holmes. See you soon.”
The white t-shirt has featured prominently in Sherlock’s imagination and has for months. John wearing that shirt in his bed is enough to cause his erection to grow to painful levels.
Sherlock slams the door to his hotel room at 8:30, his annoyance bubbling over. The case should be solved by now! He should be on his way
at this lecture, which means there is no electronic record of the exchange. No email in a mystery account. No post on the message board looking for a pen pal.
Sherlock realizes he needs to respond to keep the flirtation (has it moved beyond that yet?) going and to ensure John knows he is not put off by this change in tone. He also realizes that he has absolutely no idea what he should say. This is one area where John is far more knowledgeable than him and Sherlock is happy to force him to take the lead. He suspects that Captain Watson will be happy to take charge.
It’s also apparent the team is under enormous pressure. It looks like no one has slept and Sherlock has been at HQ for just under half an hour and the CI has already gotten a call from the mayor’s team asking for an update. Of which she had none to give.
His perfect John. Sherlock would never have been able to bring himself to end the call, but it is what he needs. One of the reasons Sherlock prefers to text is that he can do so while he works. “Thank you, John. Good night.”
That out of the way, Sherlock returns to his musings as to why John asked for the photo. John likely thinks that Sherlock’s request for a photo came from wanting pictures from home, as well as wanting to deduce how John is feeling. Both of those things are true, but they are only part of the story.  But what could John gain from getting a photo of Sherlock? Could he be seeking to validate Sherlock’s repeated photo requests?
Sherlock’s breath hitches as John slowly and methodically pushes the tails into Sherlock’s trousers. John then smooths the shirt (lower back) and trousers (just above the arse) with the palm of his hand. “There. Now you look perfect,” says John, calmly, with a smile. “Now get going.”
have been obvious). The reason for delaying the interrogation is written all over Robson’s face as she explains that she and Sherlock
Sherlock quietly exits the room, closes the door, and walks downstairs. He starts talking before he enters the sitting room. “I have decided I will not be going to Exeter, John. They can figure it out on their own. I am sure Lestrade will have something” he stops, looking into the kitchen. “What are you doing here?”
Sherlock smiles. His John has such (well placed) faith in him. “Before I get to that, John, describe the victim for me. Based on what you’ve found. I want details.”
Sherlock takes this as an invitation to call (he does prefer to text but longs to hear John’s voice again). A voice call this time as Sherlock is sure that John will be busy cleaning up the kitchen. John picks up after the second ring.
Sherlock realizes John has no idea what he heard. All he knows is that there was some sort of collision between he and Slater, surprise (from Sherlock) and giggling (from Slater). “No, no. He just tried to come in and I prevented it. That’s all. He left. It’s fine, John.”
Sherlock looks to John and gives a tiny nod. John’s face lights up and he smiles broadly. Sherlock can’t help but smile back, his heart growing tight in his chest. John is looking at him with such pride and unguarded affection. It makes Sherlock feel like he could do anything. The two lock eyes and Sherlock swears he can feel the tension in the air.
I was nervous about posting this fic (particularly Chapter 6) but am happy with how it turned out. Thank you for seeing it through to the end. I really appreciate that there are people out there that take the time to read what I write :).
“Err, a moment,” says Sherlock, walking to the back of the room so he can talk to John unheard.
“May I clean you?”
“Then why are you crying?”
“But who is he?”
“Why are you here, John?”
Sherlock pulled a hand free from John’s grip and sat up a bit, frantically fumbling with John’s engorged cock.  His hips still moved and the rhythm was difficult to keep.  “Finish… Please finish… John… I can’t…”  Sherlock cried out and slumped over, his hand still working John.  “Please, John…”
John caught Sherlock’s arm and pulled him around so they faced one another.  “Are you alright?”
“You’re always busy.” John commented.  “Sometimes I wonder…”
“But I thought…”
I smiled at him.  “I would like that.”
Almost obediently John’s body responded to the command and he collapsed, feeling his body drain all of its energy out through his penis.
“And you’ve never shared a heat with anyone before now?”
Sherlock grunted in reply, too close to his climax to be eloquent.  Instead he wrapped both of his legs around John’s hips to pull him in deeper.  Too quickly he was falling over the edge.  As his body clamped down on John he felt the other man give another two strokes before something warm filled his bowels.  The king relaxed as both he and his lover pulsed seed.  “If I could… I would marry you.”
“I can try.”
“Don’t say anything, Lady Mary.  You’ve gone too far, Lord Magnussen.”
“Don’t forget your masks.”  Eudora prompted.
Dirty make up sex.
“Sherlock…”
“That’s obvious.  But why?”
“It’s always about their pleasure… Not mine.  If they immediately make a move for my arse I suck them off and send them on their way.”
“Yes.  We will be a family.  You, me, and your father.”
“Will you take me?”
The words were harsh and I sat on the bed, watching him pick up the foil package with some apprehension.  John didn’t want me.  Maybe there had been a time he was open to the idea of having an Omega, but I ruined it when I jumped.  A part of him was broken and lost forever when I returned.  And he married Mary to prove it.  Now she was dead and all that was left was broken.
Sherlock shook his head.  “I already prepared myself.  I should be open and slippery enough for you to slide in without any difficulty.”
“He brought me here and now he’s sending me away!”  John shot back, vaguely indicating the south tower.
“You want to have sex.” John stated for clarification.  “You.”
“I’m fine.” Sherlock answered softly.
“Yeah… That’s a good word for it.” John gave another sigh and shut his eyes.  “You’re going back on suppressants, aren’t you?”
John looked enthralled, giving out gasps and noises of delight as people he knew flashed across the screen.
“Just that.” I answered truthfully.
Pale blue eyes stared at him for a long moment before releasing him to stare down at his own body.  “Mycoft always said my needs will be the end of me… That I should ignore them.”
“Oh, that!  I haven’t given it much thought.” John admitted.
“A game?  You think this is a game?  And what sort of game is played by climbing into a lord’s bed?”  Sherlock reached down and undid the fastening for his loincloth, tossing it away to reveal his swollen cock.  “No… Lord Watson, this is not a game.”  Idly he rocked his hips, rubbing them together.  “Not really…”  A smirk was caught on the corner of Sherlock’s lips as he kissed John’s lips.  “But I do want you to find completion.”
Sherlock lifted his head and propped himself up on one arm.  The free hand went to his engorged cock, pumping it several times before semen painted the grass at his knees.
“It’s not just that… I’ve never felt the urge to be bitten… I don’t know why I even asked.”
Sherlock frowned a bit but kissed John anyway, shifting to press his cock against John’s tight opening.  And then for a breathless moment he was pushing himself into John for the first time.  The way John opened to him and engulfed him made him hold his breath until he was fully sheathed.  “Oh… Gods… John.”
There was a sound of rustling.  Something or someone stepped out of the bushes and John scrambled for his torch to shine on the bushes.  At first he thought that it was a man for he stood upright.  But then he moved and John dropped his torch in horror.  The man’s legs moved backwards!  With a cry of surprise he desperately tried to move away from the fire even as the man with backwards legs approached.  “What are you?  What are you?”  John cried out as his hand went for his pack to find his gun.
John sniffled and rubbed his face against my shirt.
“Is there something you want to say, Lestrade?”
“That’s only if I’m showering you.  Because I would have to support you with one arm while washing you with the other.”  John rinsed his hair under the spray.  “I can wash myself quickly.”
Hastily John pulled off the remainder of his clothes, tossing them into a pile.  Shyly he climbed into the tub and turned on the water.
John rearranged them so he was covering most of Sherlock’s back, arm blocking Irene’s greedy view of John fisting Sherlock’s cock.  “I’ve got you… use my hand.”
“Now it’s spring.”  Sherlock confirmed and offered John a shy smile.
Since last I posted we've had Abominable Bride to get the creative angst juices pumping. ;p
“How many days has it been, Lestrade?”
“Hello.”
“From his file I know that he has sired sixteen of our top warg in the second generation breeding program.  He is… 32.  He was a distinguished alpha of his pack… his pack are all dead, not his fault.  He was retired several months ago from the program.  It seems he is currently in Dartmoor if your mobile signal is anything to go by.”
“What was he like?”
“You were doing so well with an apology…”  John made a step for the door.
“Act normal!” The suspect commanded.  “Don’t look at people.  Walk with me.”  Obviously he had not recognized the Detective Inspector working on his case.
I pulled the earpiece from my ear.  “Tell me about Moriarty.”
“I can hear your breathing.” Sherlock pointed out.  “And you just spoke to me.”
John and Sherlock were together as a couple, raising John’s daughter.  The only thing they were missing was the physical intimacy.  They just never spoke about it.  Sherlock knew John must have cravings, but if he did he kept that to himself.  Sure, they shared a bed.  But it was used only for sleeping.
“Isn’t that obvious?”
“Will you treat me as a bed slave?”  Sherlock was pleased to note that John managed to catch the mug before it shattered with only a brief sound of clattering ceramic on the counter.
The man, Sherlock, raised his eyebrows and smiled.  “Funny thing about peacocks… And birds in general… The male is the one with all the bright feathers.”
Quickly the subject changed and we did not speak of it again during his shift.  When Molly came to relieve him, she gave me a knowing look as if she knew what John had done and what name he had called out.  There was no way she could have known.  But I knew she knew something was up between John and me.  She didn’t caution me as she had the day before.
“No one will see us.”  Irene whispered, sliding her hand up and down his length.  “It has been a long time since I’ve had a man between my thighs.”  Pulling her hand away she lay down upon the straw, pulling up the hem of her dress until her naked thighs and womanhood were exposed.  “Come have me, my lord.”
John held up the lube and squeezed a generous portion on his fingers.  Getting up onto his knees, he reached back and began to hastily push fingers into himself.  First one and then two.  A soft grunt escaped him as he stretched the tight orifice.
I reminded myself that Rosie was taking a nap.  She would not disturb us for at least an hour.  I could take her father right there in the living room without fear that we would be interrupted.  Mrs. Hudson might drop in, so for that reason I took my groom by the hand and pulled him to his feet.
“She started to quote texts at me…” I answered carefully, unsure how much I needed to say before he caught on.
Sherlock complied as John’s hand occasionally hit his stomach.
“What does it matter?  You can’t give me what I want.  All I can do is take it from you.”
“John…” Sherlock tried again.  “Why?”
Sherlock took John’s hand and pulled him closer, leaning in as if for a kiss.
And then John got a better look at the legs, realizing they weren’t actually backwards.  They were covered in fur and ended in hooves like an animal.  Blinking in surprise, his hand pulled out of his pack.  “You’re… Some sort of faun or satyr?”
“You see that and this?”  Sherlock vaguely pointed at features of the man.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Sherlock obeyed.
“Move back in.”
“If that is what I want?  I’ve practically thrown myself at you and all I got was some fellatio.  Of course I want more… With you.”
“Fuck…” Sherlock cursed, bowing his head into John’s shoulder.  “I’m not going to last.”
“Vatican Cameos!” John shouted in my ear.  I ignored him.
“Mm… It’s a good fit.” The peacock grinned with a lewd wink.
“Maybe… but I shouldn’t have to tell you… he is very dangerous.  He was trained as you were… in combat.”
“I’m fine.” John answered.
“Look who’s here!  It’s the country lord.  Tell him, or I will.”
John struggled against whatever was holding him.  One arm managed to free itself and then another.  One leg pulled free… And another.  Two legs were still caught.  Wait… Two more legs?  John kicked back with those legs as hard as he could, bracing himself with the two freed legs.
“No other Alpha will want you.”
“Do it!” Sherlock commanded.  Another finger slipped in to join the first.  The sensation was filling and Sherlock fought hard not to orgasm on the spot.  There had to be more.  But John spent the next few minutes stretching him and spitting onto his own fingers to loosen him up.  It was frustrating.  Didn’t John know the sooner he used his penis, the sooner Sherlock would ejaculate?  The sooner Sherlock ejaculated, the sooner they would be released?  Then they could go home and forget about Kylo Ren and his Dances with Star Search.
There was an instrumental intermission for the show, allowing the friends to drink together.
John swallowed his mouthful of food and took a sip of his green tea.  “You alright?”
“How are things done in a feral werewolf pack?”  Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes from John, the naked soul clinging to his leg as if it was a lifeline.  The more he heard about the experiments the less he liked.
“Unless there’s some sort of miracle and Mycroft breeds…” Sherlock mused.
John lay there, feeling the warmth blossom on his hip, aware that Sherlock had spilled his seed for the first time since his arrival.  Casually he reached down and touched the wetness, bringing his dampened fingers to his line of vision.
“Molly should be here by now.”
“He can’t talk to you like that.”
Mycroft groaned.
“Truthfully… When I saw you at the tourney I developed a bit of hero worship for you.  It broke my heart when you were wounded in battle only a few years later.  How can one that won the prince’s favor break themselves and lose all joy in life?  No… I would have you be glorious once again, my lord Watson.  You will serve your king.”  Sherlock murmured and rolled on top of the other lord.  Lightly he kissed John.  “And I will serve you in return.”
John frowned and lightly touched Sherlock’s chin.  “Sherlock…”  With a sigh he sat on the floor beside Sherlock’s feet.  “You’re right… I am just an animal.  I’ve been reminded of that every single day of my life since the moment of my birth.  I am an experiment.  Could they breed a group of warriors who are far more cohesive than any human group?  And they sent us women to breed with… relying on their conditioning us not to do what came naturally for our species… to share mates and cub more times than was necessary or healthy for our pack to maintain.  But what do I know?  I’m just an animal.  Feral werewolves can at least spend twenty seven days a moon cycle pretending to be human… I lived in a cage.  I never could forget what I was.  And when they sent us out to kill…”  John bit his lips and bowed his head.  “I lost everyone I ever loved.  I only escaped the slaughter because they thought I was dead.  But I’m expendable… because I’m just an animal.  I sired sixteen cubs… there are plenty to take my place.”
“Mummy will be so… pleased to know you’ve settled down… but with what, exactly?  Not exactly the countess or ladyship she was hoping for.”
“I think I was dreaming.”
John rubbed his forehead wearily.  “Sherlock… What are you talking about being successful?”
The door to the bedroom opened and Watson stepped in.  Carefully he closed the door behind him and approached the bed.  “Do you want to put on your night shirt first?”
Lestrade pointed towards the window.  “It’s there… The tower near the outer gate.”
Sherlock turned from the window, spinning on his heel to avoid the thoughts
interjected.
himself, and instead he reached out a hand towards the man who had stopped
Sherlock seized his violin from its precarious resting place by the window
And then he collapsed around the singularity that was John’s touch.
didn’t tell me you weren’t real.”
outward from his core. He was sure he would incinerate Sherlock with the
and I’m not going to leave you.”
there. The detective looked at his shaking fingers, covered in blood, and
transparent trail appeared through the fog of his breath. He wished he
“You have to understand John. Fear- I’ve always been able to control it
And then there was no space at all between them- only the sudden convergence of souls with the force of a supernova, two worlds resolving in a flare of colors too brilliant for the Earth’s ordinary palette.
Sherlock’s voice sent John falling into the chair behind him with a thump. This was a problem. Since when did Sherlock casually remark on the occurrence of being ogled by his flatmate? Since when did said flatmate find it acceptable to ogle Sherlock in the first place?
ones, anyway.”
for an apology before continuing.
Sherlock thought, words returning to his brain.
shot up to catch his own.
him, you’ll just have to—”
“I’m sorry, John.”
Sherlock marveled at the way in which John could make a single word convey so much meaning.
At this, the detective’s brother cocked his head to one side.
“No!”
their earlier terror replaced now with a sadness that reopened the empty
This time he stopped short of his own accord.
Sherlock calculated that he had exactly nine minutes before Lestrade showed up to coax him down from the roof of Bart’s.
Sherlock didn’t look away, but if anything, his eyes grew wider.
blood,
John attempted to glare at Mycroft, but his face seemed unable to move. He
Someone screamed, through the fog, someone who hovered before him, frozen
fingers wrapped around John’s wrist.
A door flew open at John’s touch and he raced into the grey illumination of the rooftop. His eyes locked instantly on the dark shape balanced a few yards ahead, arms outstretched and coat billowing like a set of deathly wings.
something, he continued, “Sherlock, you’ve never been so wrong in your
“Sherlock?”
He looked at John now, his eyelids sliding closed as if listening to a ghost-John whispering from the distant past.
But the best days were the light ones: the rare hours when his mind was a hall of mirrors filled with a thousand luminescent rays. Every detail Sherlock absorbed took on its own vibrant color, bending and refracting until the myriad hues coalesced into a brilliant white solution. Those were the days when John was close at his side- his conductor of light, his prism.
to his will. It clattered like a trapped bird beneath his ribcage, wings
gown. He pulled himself to his feet, glad there was no one in the flat to
Sherlock jerked upright on the kitchen floor, shards of glass tumbling from
and he pulled away so quickly he almost knocked over the coffee table.
saving others is his duty, if you will.”
“I’m afraid we don’t exactly know,” he said, clearly annoyed at the prospect of not
glancing around wildly before he spotted Sherlock lying crumpled by the
John considered the risk of continuing this particular inquiry, but decided that it would only grow more dangerous if allowed to fester.
sofa with John draped over him.
That was the biggest problem: the one that worried Sherlock the most. The specter that had kept him company in the underbelly of Moriarty’s criminal machine had appeared only because of Sherlock’s separation from the
“Sherlock, please-
One more step towards the permanent shore of peace.
John trailed off as his gaze caught on the instrument sitting in front of Sherlock on the kitchen table. The detective watched understanding, then frustration, then resignation paint themselves across the canvas of his friend’s face until John closed his eyes. He sucked in a breath and held it for a minute as though he would somehow open them again to find a perfectly healthy Sherlock sitting at the table, doing something normal instead of examining his own blood for traces of unidentified hallucinogens.
his unruly hair to glitter mockingly in the blue fabric of his dressing
Mycroft’s eyebrows twitched.
frowned at the array of petri dishes that had failed to distract him from
limbs, raising a clammy sweat on his alabaster skin and turning his stomach
there, warm and delicate. John held his breath, willing the tiny word not
“It’s a shame,” Sherlock yawned, standing in one fluid movement and gesturing at the headline draped across John’s lap.
“You can’t touch me, John, I know you’re just in my
It was a rapturous destruction.
Then he realized how ridiculous this notion was. He had been wrong all along- he had miscalculated, thinking he understood John enough to predict the man’s behavior without fault. And perhaps once he had. But that was the
John put down his newspaper. His face was speaking again, though his mouth hung open slightly as if he had just caught something small between his lips. Sherlock closed his eyes and still he could feel the incoming signal of John’s thoughts, washing over him like electromagnetic radiation. Like the sun’s unseen light, the kind that leaves invisible little spots on your skin the longer you spend in its presence, so that one day you look at yourself under an ultraviolet light and discover you are covered in evidence of a star’s caress.
fell from his instrument, filling his ears with the discordant shadow of a
? This was definitely not
the phenomenon consuming his brain, and indeed, his body- for the icy fog
John froze, his hand aloft. Sherlock held himself completely still, the heart monitor stuttering drunkenly into the silence between them. He counted 37 beeps before John took a tiny step forward. His eyes, lit from the side in stark fluorescence, found Sherlock’s.
There was something in the plain, unaltered admission that shaped itself into a question. A request, a hand hanging in the air above John’s chest. The doctor reached out and pulled Sherlock’s fingers towards him until they rested on the same spot he had foolishly touched the detective.
“How did you know about the Mary that I… imagined. After.”
they lay together, there on the sitting room carpet.
Eventually the detective spoke again, whispering now. “The more you get
The detective inspector reached for his phone, voice rising an octave as he
“Now, now, dear, we don’t need you collapsing on us, too,” Mrs. Hudson
John met Sherlock’s eyes for one infinitesimal moment. Like two errant fragments of the sky above, the detective’s gaze burned into John’s, holding on with the sheer force of will.
John didn’t answer. He felt something hollow open up beneath his ribcage,
around, nearly toppling over when he registered the sight of Sherlock’s
John’s voice was muffled. It took Sherlock a full second- much longer than normal- to latch on to John’s intended meaning, by which time the doctor had already begun explaining himself.
Sherlock had always been able to trust himself, body and brain, until that moment. Sure, there had been miscalculations. There were times his body had given in to the baser instincts of pleasure or pain. But even those had been failures of a logical nature. Sherlock had never before been confronted with evidence of his absolute, complete descent into an irrational realm.
had—”
The detective jumped.
lest Sherlock pull away. But he didn’t; his eyes remained fixed on John’s,
So Sherlock opened his mouth, instead, and constructed a sentence that carried only a shadow of what he really wanted to say.
“You’ll never make me think I’ve lost you?”
“Yes. When I was… away.”
Sherlock shivered. It was not the cold trembling of fear, not this time. Instead the man’s tension seemed to evaporate in a ripple of sinew and bone. John registered the weightless press of Sherlock’s gaze on his cheek. He lowered his eyes to meet the detective’s and found one final question there; or rather, a statement hanging in those alien yet achingly human eyes.
“Sherlock. Look at me.”
let out a deep chuckle, and John fell against him, heaving with laughter of
replied,
to 221b after the nightmare orchestrated by his sister, he’d felt himself
, like that. But that doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt to watch you try—”
The landlady crossed her arms and John stopped. “You silly goose, of
across John’s face.
“You.”
freezing me from the inside out and I can’t close my eyes without seeing
then shifted his eyes back to meet John’s gaze.
Sherlock brushed aside a quiver of dread.
vulnerable. The man’s dark curls hung across his bloodied brow, red and
uttered those words.
you absolute—”
“I only put you in danger, John- all the danger you survived in the war,
himself for moving too soon. He pulled back, quickly, but Sherlock’s hand
Falling, tumbling to the floor in a heap as the door flew open with a bang.
Mycroft’s face remained as impassive as ever, and John stood to close at least some of the gap between his shadowed eyes and those of Sherlock’s brother.
“No Sherlock. That was real.”
“I’ll never be able to
This time Sherlock did not flinch. The sensation of his hand on John’s jumper seemed to draw him forward, eyes bright with a desperate hunger.
John gaped.
But they could survive together in the glow of their steadfast hearts, shield one another from the worst of their searing coronas. This John knew, as he let himself be carried on a stellar wind into Sherlock’s embrace.
So he tried instead to do with his voice what he could not do with his hands.
In two long strides he had crossed the room to Sherlock’s bedside, ignoring the bustle behind him as the nurses jostled back into the hall.
John was sure Sherlock had stopped breathing, and he hurried on, desperate
was the only break in his normally perfect facade. Mycroft looked as calm
And it was, it was dangerous- if he turned much further he would fall—
John did not sound very happy. In fact, he sounded rather like he was inclined to strangle Sherlock. His arms remained firmly crossed, however, and he glared down at Sherlock with his best “I’m worried but I’m going to pretend I’m angry” expression.
But he’d had no luck breaking free of the icy fog. Ever since he’d returned
John stopped, letting out a barely-audible sigh. His voice sounded tired, it dragged at the edges, curling beneath the words that weighed too much. But there was something else beneath the drooping syllables. Worry. Fear. There it was again- the emotion, traveling alongside John’s words at a frequency beyond the ear’s reach. Instead of vibrating in Sherlock’s tympanic membrane, it seemed to resonate somewhere in his chest. As though it really was his heart interpreting the message John broadcast without even trying.
“You let me touch you.”
“I would have told him,” John said, “that I didn’t do anything to stop the
sheltered each other from the storm of their own existence, building a
his reflection in the microwave and watching as his features assembled
wearing heals, in John’s opinion. He turned back to Sherlock’s limp form,
man.
Sherlock’s lips parted. He lifted a trembling hand to John’s face, trailing
He wasn’t sure how long he drifted, spiraling downwards like a ship descending to its final resting place on the ocean floor. He wondered if perhaps this featureless cavern had no bottom. Would he sink in emptiness forever? It was a reassuring thought, except—
was gathering in the normally-crystalline halls of his brain.
And as they drifted to sleep, not moving from their embrace on the floor,
His voice was calm, nonchalant even, but his hands trembled on the edge of the table.
John fought the tide of images that resurfaced from the dark place he had carefully stored them.
said?”
His voice was quiet- he barely dared to breath into the space between them
“Tell me what?”
Mycroft raised his eyes. “You can’t possibly believe I didn’t have this room on live surveillance the moment my dear brother entered its four walls? I know exactly what happened. In fact, it was already prepared when you—”
And John’s hand collided with his chest.
“Sherlock, NO!”
John that he’d known. This was different. John’s response to their-
stairs. But John could have sworn that as the man disappeared on the steps
John.
“You’re bleeding, Sherlock, whatever have you—”
The detective lurched backward, his hands finding the smooth hospital wall. He realized he was shaking, in fact the wires drooping from his arms were rattling against the metal hook of the IV machine.
darting wildly across the doctor’s face.
John ripped himself violently from the memory and willed his legs to move, to carry him forward towards a silhouette that flickered in double vision. Sherlock, seen from below, and Sherlock, from behind… only now the detective was turning, slowly, as if movement were a dangerous thing.
“Sherlock, you’re scaring me!”
of Sherlock’s guilt and sadness.
Sherlock’s gun—
“She wouldn’t have willingly induced Sherlock’s death- you saw her reaction in Sherrinford.”
could clear the haze in his mind just as easily, wipe away the mist that
Sherlock flinched, a horrible instinctual shudder that made John doubt the stability of his own knees.
Mycroft looked down at his brother, still motionless, his red-stained hands
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, attempting to still his frenetic neurons. He hated the days when his mind became a railway junction- it was unbearably noisy. He much preferred the days when his thoughts arranged themselves into a symphony. Instead of trains, there were instruments, each one an observation with its own unique sound. On symphony days Sherlock listened to all the instruments and arranged them into music only he could hear. Those were good days, case-solving days.
“Sherlock was not on any drugs- or not on any
and now you’re getting shot at, captured, tortured because of
as ever, as unmoved as he had been when he stood beneath the barrel of
Sherlock closed his eyes, letting his awareness wander into the gaping chasm. He found himself falling, plummeting into an abyss at the center of his being: a crater devoid of sound and light. The sensation of his knees pressed to the concrete seemed very far away, the biting wind a gentle caress on his face, as he let himself be consumed from the inside out. It was calming, this absence of thought. He could not hear John’s name ripping through his consciousness like a ragged blade, he could not access the pool of self-hatred that had been gathering in his stomach like molten steel.
“In all likelihood, Sherlock
comparison, but John cut him off before he could make an amendment.
Brushing the dust from his shoes and the thought from his mind, John stood to join Sherlock in the kitchen. If the man wanted to pretend their conversation had never happened, then so be it. John busied himself clearing away the various scalpels and other glistening instruments from the kitchen table, holding himself carefully away from Sherlock’s whirling limbs. He did not let himself to wonder how the man managed to make tea with the precision of a dancer. He did not allow his mind to dwell on the miraculous way Sherlock’s suit still hung unwrinkled from his lean frame, despite the impossible contortions it had just endured. And he especially did not permit himself to admire the shadows that raced, sharp and fleeting, across Sherlock’s cheeks.
Mycroft sneered down at him. “Come now, Doctor, surely you’ve noticed the absence of marks on my little brother’s arms?”
wallpaper, it echoed from the leering skull on the mantle, it rattled in
She was cut off by a glance from Mycroft.
“Sherlock—” he paused, searching for something to say that wouldn’t send
shorter doctor. “Of course I didn’t
made the nightmares go away, Sherlock, just by being here. By
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
to a fathomless pit. Beneath paper-thin lids his eyes would dance,
fragility on the couch.
didn’t think he would be able to repeat this conversation, short of
“You called Mycroft, you called
It was the first time Sherlock had ever felt at peace.
“Tell me what?” he repeated, weakly, the frantic child gone now from his
“No,” came the reply, barely audible over the ringing that started in John’s ears as he caught a glimpse of the pain in Mycroft’s eyes.
“Well, after—”
Mycroft, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson—”
John’s voice was steady, his hands unflinching even as his heart stuttered
about the places and things
He stopped, raising an eyebrow as he apparently reconsidered this
John-
“Listen to me, Sherlock.”
wound in John’s chest.
Sherlock’s mouth moved, the voice echoed in his skull and he was falling, tumbling towards the water.
Sherlock looked away and John felt himself folding inward with the weight
Hello everyone!  I’ve decided to continue this story- couldn’t let Sherlock and John off the hook that easily!  Nothing is ever simple with those two, is it.  So here’s the “not simple” part.  Please tell me what you think so I can make things better!
Sherlock’s voice rang out as he lunged forward to slam the door in the
The detective was draped over his armchair, legs askew and head thrown back, looking for all intents and purposes like he had fallen from the ceiling and crashed into his current disheveled position. He was perusing his mind palace for some information on the spider
freezing. He was freezing, falling, tumbling forwards. His searing hands
he threw himself to the floor next to Sherlock, searching the man’s face
Mycroft did not attempt to finish John’s sentence. He was still turned away, but John could see the man’s reflection in one of the screens at Sherlock’s bedside.
, my dear doctor, is not such a failure after all.”
so just drop it and tell me how Sherlock managed to get high enough to jump off a rooftop without actually injecting anything.”
he could be—”
Sherlock.
John had lots of these expressions, Sherlock had noticed. The doctor was very skilled at making his face say exactly the opposite of what he really felt, which was how Sherlock knew John was more likely to phone an ambulance than strangle him at the moment.
only to whip his head around when the implications of Mycroft’s arrival
John an almost physical blow. It was the same expression he had worn in the
“Sherlock, this isn’t the
or the real John Watson down on the pavement would be dead. So Sherlock jumped- and the John Watson next to him smiled a reassuring smile and jumped right along at his side.
John nodded, sparing him the rest of the sentence.
trailing on the ground.
silver eyes wide open and fixed on his own.
his brain.
umbrella to one side.
There had been a moment, standing there on the edge with his arms aloft, when his world had split in two. Not the kind of split that fractured his consciousness into trains or music or colors- the kind of cataclysmic fissure that wrenched apart mind and matter, and made it difficult to tell which was which.
trapped it in his throat. John reached out a hand, slowly, as though he
He lifted his eyes towards John’s face, but stopped halfway, settling his
Perhaps the consulting criminal had been fleeing from different demons than the ones that snarled at Sherlock now, but the principle was the same. There would be no rest in the world of the living- not with John’s absence searing through him like cyanide.
From this he deduced that he and John had been separated again- there was no other reason for Sherlock to have brought the mind-John back into existence- but
“This is my fault,” John said, miserably. Mycroft didn’t move. “I knew he
Neither John nor Mycroft were prepared for the voice that coughed into life behind them.
“In the nightstand.”  Sherlock answered with a small smile.  “Do you want to be on your hands and knees… Or do you want it face to face?”
“Did they reciprocate?”
“No one ever does.”  Mary laughed.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s torso and held on for dear life.  “This is… Bouncy.”
“You enjoyed it.”  Sherlock’s grin widened.
They traveled through the twisted hallways to the keep gate.  It was shut and the door’s guards refused to open it.
“Have you seen a stallion ready to breed?”
“That is because you tell them their life story in an instant…” Irene smirked as she crossed her arms over her dress.
Molly got up and crossed to take Rosie.  “I was just leaving.”  Bringing the child to me, she allowed me to touch her cheek before whisking her away.  “I think you should tell him.”  Quickly she left, leaving that suggestion behind.
John recalled Sherlock’s return and how he had thrown the man to the floor… The look of pain on Sherlock’s face when he landed on his back.  “Oh God…  I just remembered…”
“It could rain if I wanted it to.” Sherlock announced from where he sat, sulking on the sun bathing rock.
Sherlock sighed.  “Mycroft thought I might want to give my condolences in person.  I was very close to Victor’s family before I forced myself to forget about him.”
“There was always the possibility.” John answered.
John shook his head, lingering over Sherlock’s hips.  “You kick them out?”  Something in him felt disappointed.  What sort of person tempted lovers only to reject them?
John sat on the couch.  They watched the drama and the tears.  The restaurant’s chef continued to deny that anything was wrong.
“Get out!”  John pointed to the door.  “Lestrade, you will make sure Lord Sherlock has what he needs to complete his mission but he will no longer be welcome in my bed chamber.”
Mary pulled him into the next courtyard.  There were manicured bushes and a fountain.  “It’s nice here.”
“It’s nothing.” I replied.  “I deserved it.”
John resumed his kissing down his chest to his abdomen.
Sherlock slid down the back of the tub, leaning against the back with his head on the rim.  His knees were open to allow John space.  Water that John didn’t block landed on him and he looked up at his John in awe.
“Daisy Beta Red Sigma.”
Suddenly it was too much.  I attempted to pull away but John had me by the hair.  With a sudden panic and a cry, I attempted to alert John to his discomfort.  But it went unheeded.
Sherlock smirked.  “I don’t mind.”
“They don’t want me around… I annoy them.”  Sherlock responded, his voice cracking.
Sherlock’s eyes focused on Trevor’s skull for a long moment.  “I liked it.”
Obediently John sat down and immediately was overwhelmed by Sherlock sucking on his cock.
“She’s been brainwashing him to get to you.”
Watson’s critical eyes softened and he crawled onto the bed to lay beside Sherlock.  His hand reached out and took Sherlock’s cock, gently stroking it.  “If I am caught it will be gaol for both of us.”  Almost reverently he kissed Sherlock’s lips.  “I will not risk it.”  His hand continued to move.
“We fit.”  Sherlock breathed.
“It will help with your pregnancy.  Babies with bonded parents develop with fewer complications.” John stood up and crossed the room to sit in his chair.
I took the bottle and guided Rosie so she sat in my lap, head cradled in the crook of my left arm.  I allowed her to guide the bottle to her mouth and she stared up at me in adoration as she drank, holding her own bottle.
John entered the bedroom and made a face at the scent of ripe Omega.  “I told Molly to take Rosie to the park.”  Taking a step towards the bed, he looked me over critically.  “You don’t look so good.”
“I have a small colony.  They are useful for cleaning bones.”
“Have you given thought to marriage?  If you marry the land may pass to your husband and you may keep the lands for your own sons.”  John suggested.
“I want to keep him.”
“Mr. Holmes?”
“Death comes to all, John.”
“I need my mind palace.”
Hands tugged at the blindfold, pulling it from John’s eyes.
“That’s probably why… we didn’t… because we mated the whole pack… and we allowed humans to breed with us and shared them.  If we paired off then…”
John leaned on Sherlock’s leg, watching conflicting emotions run through his human pack mate.  “Sherlock?”
“Mm…” Sherlock hummed, rubbing their noses together.
“You still aren’t wearing any pants?”
“Why do you wish to leave?”
“Relax.” Sherlock whispered to him, gently nibbling on his earlobe as he rubbed up against him.
It pleased Sherlock to hear Watson say such things.  That night he went to sleep, relaxed from his treatment.  Sherlock fell asleep in 1895 and woke up in 2019.
“It’s best if you keep it on.  See?  Our driver is wearing his.” John pointed out the driver.
--TBC
“I know.  I just want to hear you say it.”
John bit his lip and pushed his pants down and off, stepping out of them.  Sherlock’s statement about return being complicated caught his interest.  How would Sherlock know that?  Had he once been mortal like John?  Had he gone through this?  “Were you once human?”
“Stay…” Sherlock commanded from where he lay, completely limp.
John wasn’t sure what to expect.  The man who stood before him, bundled up against the cool day, had some of the grace of the drag queen who had given him a phone number.  The eyes were the same.  “So… You’re the peacock.”
“My time?” John queried, looking up at Sherlock for answers.
“A casket?”  Molly made a face.  “Sherlock… Don’t you see the symbolism?  Your love is killing you.”
And then there was Mary…
“The new king will wish to formally meet all of his sworn lords.  You served his father… He would have you affirm your allegiance to his cause.  Once this business with Moriarty is put to rest the front line will be secure enough to travel.”
While John helped her get ready for bed he changed for bed too, not wanting to disturb her later.  It was a warm evening so he wore his vest and pants with his bathrobe over the top.  Barefoot, he padded back downstairs.  It was still hours before he usually went to bed.
John gave a helpless sort of laugh and turned away.
Watson brightened and turned to her.  “Molly?  Is that your name?”
“What?” I asked of him.
“Oh dear…” Mrs. Hudson moaned, trying not to look at John’s hips.
Lord John set down the parchment he received.  “His highness asks for my presence at court within the week.”  John stated aloud to his near constant companion, Lestrade.
“What?” I asked.
“What will you give me?” John asked expectantly.
“Feel good?” John whispered, his face somewhere near Sherlock’s shoulder as his hand stroked the bulge between Sherlock’s legs.
There was the sound of giggles and laughter.  A deluge of creatures and beings came out from behind trees and vegetation to surround John and Sherlock.  “Welcome, welcome!”  The Fae greeted John.  They clothed him in garlands of flowers.  A wreath covered his head.  Some sort of flowered sash crossed his chest to his hip.  Another encircled his waist.  Finally the Fairies were satisfied and stepped away to form a circle around John and Sherlock.
anxious to return the favour.” John then gives Sherlock’s earlobe a quick nibble before continuing the walk to the exit, pulling Sherlock in his wake.
John replies quickly.
He talks to Robson for over 20 minutes although not much information of use is exchanged. Julie Fast has confirmed what they already knew. Madison Rice had a pen pal that she met at an in-person meet up of her ghost stories message board. She was quite taken with him but kept details to herself. Apparently, she didn’t want to “jinx it.” That didn’t work out so well. She referred to him as “K” and she was the one to suggest writing old-fashioned letters in lieu of email or text. Other than a few posts on the message board (Julie Fast didn’t know his username), the pen pals had only ever communicated by letter. The communication between Julie Fast and her friend had been limited while Julie was in Australia, and she didn’t know that Madison was meeting K in person. The only new piece of information gleaned from Robson’s interview was that that K didn’t grow up in Exeter but has lived in the city for “several years.”
be allowed to wear her bumblebee slippers to school and she makes her case every morning. This morning is no exception. In the end John resorts to bribery (an extra piece of Easter candy that night) and they make it to Rosie’s school just before the bell. Rosie remains stoic with Sherlock, wishing him a good trip with no pouting or tears. She does, however, hug him extra tight.
