. They found him in the surgeon’s bay with a woman, Eileen. Neither of them were doctors but they were apparently the closest that could be found aboard and looked ashamed at the fact, until Castiel assured them they were probably more qualified than the barber operating aboard the ship he'd fallen from. Dean had given him the most appreciative smile for that, not that Castiel noticed such things from a rival captain, and a pirate no less.
“There’s nothing about this in the lore so I’m not sure how much help we’ll find in the library,” Sam muttered, more to himself than anyone else. He turned to look at Cas, “So when an angel takes a vessel they suppress their secondary gender, which is why you have no scent and can’t scent anyone else...” Even though Sam was talking directly to Cas, it was clear that he was trying to make sense of it himself. He didn’t need an answer, not that Cas looked like he was going to give him one. “But you think that they can force you to...I dunno...
But his eyes opened and he found himself looking up at the canopy that draped over his own bed. The bed he shared with Cas. His bed at home, in the palace. Not the fortress where he had been staying with Sam near the front lines; he was in the rooms that had been refurbished for his mating.
The small shrug Castiel gave suggested it was nothing. “I learned it from another Captain. We were in a sloop trying to outrun a frigate off the coast of Brest. We managed it, too but it’s hardly a technique I utilise often. I’m glad it worked,” he added with a huff of relief. The unspoken ‘what if’ hovered menacingly between them.
“I’ll send it right away,” Adam grinned, but then it faltered when he saw Castiel’s hand resting on the doorknob, “Good luck,” he offered, grabbing a sheaf of paper and practically running into the halls with it.
“No, Dean, it’s not okay,” Cas insisted, looking past him to the king. “For months Sam has been writing to you of the dire situation and your only response has been to send Dean to assist, as though it’s a failing in Sam that he doesn’t have the men to mount a suitable defence. As though his leadership is in any way lacking. If you had any idea what things were like...If you had any idea what your sons were resorting to to fight this war-”
He didn’t recognise where they were, but he was surprised to find himself looking out at land. The ship had stopped a fair way from shore and the boats were being hoisted, ready for launch. The deck was full of the supplies they had acquired from Crowley and those they had plundered from elsewhere, laboriously being moved into the boats.
Clarence’s eyes were everywhere, taking in every inch of the bazaar and if Dean hadn’t known he was new to the area, this would have proven it for sure. There was something adorable in his innocence. Dean couldn’t help the warmth that filled him as Clarence moved between stalls, taking in everything he could, looking at even the most mundane of items with reverent wonder.
Castiel wakes at a more reasonable time when Dean stirs. Or perhaps, it is Castiel who moves first and wakes Dean. They’re facing each other, Castiel’s leg still flung around Dean’s hip and Dean’s hand resting on the small of his back. They wake, looking into each other’s eyes and Dean immediately brings his hand up to stroke Castiel’s cheek.
Of course, he remembered Cas saying he’d gotten married. He’d said it with as much interest as he’d talked about the flight, less interest even. At least flying in human style had amused him somewhat. It didn’t mean anything. They didn’t have a relationship. She wasn’t
Eventually, they had recovered enough of their strength to move off the beach onto the porch of Bobby’s shack. There was room enough inside for them, but it had been so peaceful, they had been content to watch the moon’s reflection cross the water and look up at the unobstructed starry sky. Dean had found them a blanket to pass the night under and they’d sat beside each other, occasionally exchanging leisurely kisses when they could find the energy to do so. Certainly, they were too exhausted to do anything else.
“Maybe we’ll get through the first date first?” Castiel chuckled, sipping some of Dean’s coffee, knowing he wouldn’t mind. “You might find you hate me.”
“Seriously, Dean?” Sam huffed, sporting one of his more impressive bitch-faces. “You call us to say that Cas is your true mate and you’d pretty much rejected him-”
“And you’re going to lose a lot more if you don’t take a break. We don’t know when the next attack will be, you’re going to bed,” Dean said, with all the authority of an older brother rather than a prince.
The djinn was not offended in the slightest, instead, she seemed to shrug a little, “Castiel speaks highly of you as hunters. We would be happy to accept your help.”
The pot was small, yet ridiculously ornate, decorated with seed pearls and leaf of gold as though even this minor element of the wedding had to be worthy of royalty. When Sam opened it there was just a small amount of a waxy-looking balm there and Castiel slipped off his gloves so that he could offer his wrists. Neither of the grooms would be able to scent each other until after the ceremony was complete. Political alliances tied by marriage were too delicate to be thrown away over something as trivial as the two intended not liking each other’s scent, even though it was the earliest indicator of how successful the marriage might be.
race each other to the lookout. “Freedom and all that,” he shrugged, but there was an edge to his voice, as though he were expecting Castiel to challenge it, as he knew probably half the Captain’s list would have done. The other half might have made a show of it, even though the world would shudder to know what they themselves got up to behind closed doors.
“Oh.” Castiel didn’t know what to say in the face of the two almost smug grins that stared back at him. He had expected their usual rations but eaten at the map table in Dean’s cabin. It was as touching as it was terrifying that Dean was putting effort into it, effort that Castiel couldn’t reciprocate.
“This is crazy,” Sam muttered under his breath for about the hundredth time in half as many minutes.
Castiel’s fingers were still in Dean’s hair, stroking gently as they came back to each other. He could feel his legs shaking beneath him, his wings practically vibrating around them as Dean let out something that might have been a laugh if he’d had the wherewithal to do so.
He would not have chosen to have the baby in Hell, but he would sooner that than bring up the child without Dean by his side.
and that would be enough for them. He wasn't sure what it was that they were hunting but he'd take extra care not to get killed over it. For Cas' sake if not his own.
Dean gave a small shrug, “This is where Richard Roman grows his crops,” he said, with a hint of acid on his tongue. “C’mon, we gotta keep moving.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean mumbled, still unwilling to relinquish his position beside Cas. “They wanna take the baby.”
In response, Castiel tried to press himself flush against Dean’s chest which was practically impossible given how large his bump was. But despite Dean’s words he still felt the need to cross the additional distance between them and press their lips together again.
“Oh...” Dean said, having gotten so caught up in the reunion that he had forgotten Castiel was even there. “Bobby, this is Cas. Cas, this is Bobby.”
“Hey, Bobby,” Sam grinned, taking Dean’s place, receiving a hug with a great deal of back-patting. The man’s eyes inevitably fell on Castiel and the fondness there turned instantly to suspicion. “Who’s this?”
Cas took the point, “True, but your mother never fought with the Host. She never stood in a garrison." He hesitated, "The angels use several techniques to repel demons that you could utilise here. I could show you,” he offered. Dean couldn’t help but chuckle, finding it adorable the way in which his mate had mistaken the humans' silence as a complaint instead of awe.
“Where’s Dean?” Sam asked, looking over Castiel’s shoulder as though he’d just overlooked his brother somehow.
. But, somehow, it felt a little less lonely knowing that there was someone out there in the same boat.
The fading sunlight did nothing to hide Dean’s blush. “What? Well, I just meant...You know he probably would have killed you, right?”
The bed starts vibrating softly as his finger inevitably pushes one of the buttons. Beside him, Cas isn’t even surprised and he huffs out a, “
It was eight days before Dean saw Castiel again and Gods how he missed him. They had not been parted before and it seemed strange to be parted now, especially as Cas had only come with him to this Godforsaken place in the first place to prevent them from being separated. And it wasn’t as though they were particularly distant. Only one hallway and a handful of heavy doors came between them, but it was enough. Cas had asked that no one enter, closed the door and that had been that.
"Why do you need so much whipped cream?" Sam asked with his stupid little brother mouth that wouldn't shut up.
They didn’t go far, making camp, or the closest they could get to such a thing in the corner of a house that only had one wall and a fraction of roof remaining to it. Cas got a fire going and threw up some rudimentary wards just in case the demons saw them. Not that they would hold for long, carved into the dirt with little more than a charred stick.
Somebody touched Roman’s elbow and whispered something to him, drawing him away. He looked back at Castiel, as though he wanted to say something more, so Castiel smirked at him, knowing that it would annoy him further. It evidently did.
Dean heaved the shopping down the stairs and regretted that he hadn’t accepted Cas’ offer of help on what was just a standard supply run. He managed to get to the bottom of the stairs without dropping the beer which was the important thing but his stomach instinctively clenched when he looked up and saw that Sam was waiting for him at the war room’s table.
In fact, given that he still hadn’t even looked up, Dean took pity on the guy and went to make them some coffee. The real stuff that Dean would never admit to keeping back for the days that Cas came by. Benny knew of course and gave Dean a knowing wink as he took his mug from him. “Here you go, Cas,” Dean said, quietly, putting the cup down beside the man who looked up initially annoyed at the interruption, but his tired eyes softened when he saw the offering.
With a few deep breaths, Zachariah seemed to calm a little. “This time with the pirates has obviously affected you. Richard Roman is a personal friend of myself and several prominent officers, most of whom will be at his home tonight to celebrate the relaunch of
Admittedly, Dean didn’t know much about the djinn hierarchy, but the queen had to be pretty powerful, right? Still, it seemed only natural that she would flinch away from his anger, taking a step back from them, regarding them cautiously, as though
He begs so prettily. Dean wants nothing more than to sink into him. He reaches into the drawer again trying to find a familiar foil packet.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I think if the two of us were to tour our rooms we wouldn’t make it back out again.”
Then, just when Castiel is on the verge of coming, he hears Dean say, “Yeah, just a second, sir-” The phone gets slammed into the bed as Dean buries his face into the pillow and comes untouched with a muffled cry.
would occupy its space. Surprisingly, the thought that Raphael might arrive in time to bury his brother did not disturb Castiel as much as it probably should.
“I got no beef with Meg,” Dean muttered and though Sam glared at him, he didn’t say anything. Throwing Dean’s bag down harshly at his feet and stomping off.
“I won’t leave him!” Castiel snapped right back at him. The angels had stopped moving and Castiel could see the gate. It wasn’t as literal as the gate that linked Hell to the human realm. It was just a cave, its entrance half obscured by a rock but Castiel could feel the difference in the air.
“A werewolf?” Dean asked, managing to sound suitably irate, though his heart had started pounding in his chest. It always did when stuff like this happened, the proverbial noose felt as though it was tightening around him and Sam. Patrols would be up, Dean himself would be on high alert for the next week or so until it died down. Random testing would no doubt be implemented and even though there wasn’t a way to test for psychics yet it was still enough to spike his blood pressure.
A frustrated snarl broke from Dean’s throat as Castiel discarded the last of his clothing, while Dean struggled with the fastenings of his cape. Mercifully, Castiel pushed himself up onto his knees, somehow able to undo the tiny hooks with an unfairly steady hand. If it weren’t for the bright gold of his eyes and the raggedness of his breath he could be confused for being utterly unaffected by his alpha attempting to claim him.
They tore through the crumbling streets, before Meg shouted, “This way!” and they all followed, without question. Not that there was time to question it even if they were inclined to. Dean saw something come into view, a building in surprisingly good condition in that it seemed to have all its walls intact and was recognisable as shelter.
What made it worse was that even though the thing was clearly a monster it had still managed to stink up Baby with the smell of wet dog. It had whimpered the rest of the journey but stopped whenever Cas was stroking it. Then they’d gotten to the cabin and the thing had just made itself comfortable in Cas’ lap.
Adam waved a hand over the papers, “Sam said he was going to stay up and write some reports so I thought I’d do it for him.”
With a quick brush of his hands, Dean tidied them up but from the way he smirked when his eyes met Castiel’s, Castiel knew that they looked guilty. A fact that was confirmed when Sam finally found them and came to an immediate stop.
“Right,” Sam breathed, softly. “Listen, if you were just a normal angel hiding from angels we’d want to help. If you were just a normal omega struggling with heat we’d want to help...No,
“We should get him inside,” the Queen said, firmly, though it looked like her husband might try to argue. She was having none of it though, fixing him with a hard stare and snapping, “We should get him inside. You can argue this out later, but you know he’s right.”
“What?” Dean frowned, “No, Sam we just got here, you just got here, you don’t have to show us around right now.”
!” He was barely into his twenties, but at times like this, Dean seemed much older. Sam’s face fell and he wiped his mouth, timidly.
Despite himself, Dean laughed, and steered the man into the shop, “Or tea, milk, water, whatever you want to drink.” He settled the guy at a table at the window where he could still look out at the bank opposite. “What can I get you?” he asked, but the guy only looked up at him curiously. That head tilt again, Dean could feel himself blushing a little. The guy was cute, what could he say?
He knew exactly where to park Baby so her engine wouldn’t alert the djinn to their presence and how to pick their way across the fields under cover of darkness so they wouldn’t be seen. When the barn came into view it was achingly familiar and strangely comforting.
curled up in Cas’ lap. It was blue too. And it’s fur stuck up on end seeing as the thing seemed to generate static electricity. Oh...and it
“Winchester! I present your new king,” the priestess announced, placing her hands gently on Dean and Castiel’s shoulders to indicate they should rise. Even as they did so Dean’s hold on Castiel’s hand was absolute. Castiel didn’t mind in the slightest. The nobility rose with them in a mass rustle of silks, velvet and brocade as the priestess stepped in front of them.
“He said he wanted it to be special,” Eileen said, expressing her words as much with her hands as her voice.
“Looks like he’s running into some bad weather,” Balthazar said, beside him, his glass still looking out to where the other ship had yet to spy them. “Shouldn’t take us more than a few hours to catch up to her, less if our wind holds.”
The table around which Sam and Dean Winchester sat eating the stew Dean had picked up from the stand outside the guard station, was small enough that when Sam started laughing unexpectedly, the mouthful of beef and whatever else he’d been chewing sprayed all over his brother. A beat too late Sam clapped his hand over his mouth. He might have been looking at Dean with something between embarrassment and apology but he was still laughing, though it quickly became a choking wheeze as he quickly tried to swallow what remained of the contents of his mouth.
Cas flicked through some of the papers, “they came in from sector nineteen about three weeks ago.” He paused, looking up at Dean for a moment, “you came in from sector nineteen didn’t you?”
Castiel was hardly enlightened, but Sam seemed to be looking at him in earnest, willing him to listen. “Alright,” he sighed, with a shrug, but even as he did so he knew that the moment an opportunity to escape presented itself, this time he wouldn’t hesitate.
“That’s not what I mean-” Dean pauses for a moment and tries to think of the words even though Cas still feels wonderful in his arms and is returning the favour that started all this; trailing his fingers through Dean’s hair. “We just...we can’t, okay? I shouldn’t have...We can’t.”
He watched Cas go, noting the slight sway to his steps and filed it away to talk about later. “So?” he asked Sam, pointedly.
Dean leaves the remote where it is though he still thinks he can feel it through the pillow. He wants to roll over so he isn’t facing Cas but it’s like the bed was specifically designed to push them together. Well...it probably was. When Dean settles into the most comfortable position, he’s on his side looking right at Cas who faces him in an identical position though his eyes are closed. Cas has apparently fallen asleep with far greater ease than Dean expects to.
“Castiel!” Balthazar snapped, “You wrote a report calling Roman a slave driver and worse and now you have an invitation to his banquet where he will relaunch his ship. A ship which
Gabriel didn’t seem to mind the interruption. “Sure is...doesn’t mean you’ll find it though. Let’s say you get into Hell and manage to survive in there long enough to search, that’s a lot of ground to cover and the two of you? An angel and a human in Hell? Well, that’s hardly incognito.”
He glanced up at Sam who just gave him a small smile. “What? I wasn’t about to leave you hanging, you were so close to the end.”
“Wow, you didn’t waste any time,” the man, Dean, laughed as he passed by Castiel’s table. He had a tray balanced on one arm and was gathering empty cups from vacated tables, but he’d apparently glanced in Castiel’s direction as he passed. “Can I get you anything else?” he offered and Castiel could feel the kindness in him.
Thankfully, his hand stilled just as Dean called out to his brother, throwing his arms around him, letting Sam slump into the embrace. In hindsight, a demon was unlikely to be escorted to the main hall, unbound, flanked by officers of the royal guard. Castiel approached, a little more cautiously than he’d intended, but then he had been taken by surprise. He could hear Dean speaking quietly, his hands holding onto his brother’s shoulders tightly, while the not-demon muttered a response, beyond Castiel’s hearing.
Neither of them had heard Adam open the door, but they heard it close as he practically fell over himself to enter the room. “We’re doing
“No. But we took out their mizzenmast, they’re not catching up to us anytime soon and they’ll need to refit before they try and take you on again.”
“Thank you,” he said, quietly, only a little surprised to find that she apparently knew exactly what he was talking about. Convention required her to wear black, as the widow of the old king in the presence of the new, even when the new king was her own son, but even so, her eyes sparkled and she beamed at him.
The sound didn’t cease, it was relentless and only disturbed when the roar of a thousand demons joined it. They were not physically pulled into Hell but Castiel could see the glow of every twisted soul in the air, sucked through the gate as the angels struggled to push themselves up against the force of it.
,” Castiel snapped, before he could ask, again. He felt a little guilty when a flicker of hurt crossed Dean’s features, but he had not known until now how persistent humans could be.
“A good thing? Being sent away from my home? To improve the standing of the family that wanted rid of me? In an unfamiliar city where nobody knows me, living according to somebody else’s rules?”
Sam looked her over but the harder Dean grinned the more suspicious he seemed. Granted, she was a very pretty car with her vibrant red against stark white details and accents, but that meant very little in this day and age. Her roof was down which at least meant they could make a quick getaway if they needed to abandon the car for any reason. Maybe that’s why Dean preferred her to the others.
“Castiel!” the Admiral boomed, coming out into the hall to find him. Zachariah Adler was not a man to speak, he always boomed. His round physique was a testament to just how long it had been since he had to run up the rigging or duck below deck. The man probably hadn’t stepped foot on anything more than a passenger brig for several years. Assuming he could bring himself so low to travel on such a thing. Nevertheless, Castiel stood to attention, feeling a little self-conscious of the shabby state of his uniform in such pristine surroundings. Dean wouldn’t have minded it.
Dean was about to fly off the handle again. Why had Sam taken his blade off him? Why couldn’t he just run her through and be done with it, but Sam took hold of Dean’s arm and steadied him, holding his other hand out to the djinn as though he were mediating some kind of negotiation. Which was ridiculous, there was no negotiation. There was just another monster standing between him and getting Cas back.
Then, as though he realised he was in danger of losing himself in his thoughts, Michael shook his head and turned a bright smile on Castiel. “C’mon, lemme show you the fountain.” Castiel hesitated, glancing back the way they had come. Michael caught his look and paused, “Unless you want to head off? You were trying to get out of the city, right?”
Cas rolls his eyes even as he kisses the line of Dean’s jaw. “Yes, Dean. It was all a ruse. In fact, I specifically enrolled in an astronomy degree to get close to you. I’m glad I can finally give it all up; I’ve spent hundreds of dollars on the equipment for appearances sake alone.”
“I love you,” Dean whispered. He hadn’t meant to say it, it just sort of seemed the obvious time after Cas had said as much with his lips. He’d expected Cas to flinch or shy away, but jeez, he really needed to work on his self-confidence because Cas looked at him with a smile that looked like it could absolve sins.
Michael has a driver, which isn’t surprising in the least. The car approaches the hotel, Michael steps out, and the car drives off to park without the services of the valet. Not that it matters particularly. Castiel can still track it with the cameras and locate where it’s parked. The driver has long since gone to find his room with the other hired goons.
Castiel leaned in a little, lowering his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “Actually, I had an excellent view, I was on deck at the time, commanding
“You ever going to talk to him?” Sam grumbled, searching through Dean’s bag for some extra food for Meg.
“Nothing,” Dean blushed, waving Cas away. He went, but he threw a sidelong glance at him when he’d returned to his position in the trees and wore such a smile on his face, Dean couldn’t help but wonder if angels were telepathic on some level.
Castiel buried his face in Dean’s hair, pressing kisses wherever he could, holding Dean close. He’d known he was going to end up running the moment Ezekiel had announced the baby was a nephilim, but he was grateful beyond words that Dean had come with him. Whatever may come, and whatever it was was bound to be unpleasant, at least they were together.
“Alright, let’s get you to bed,” Dean mumbled, hooking his brother’s arm across his shoulder ostensibly so he could support him, but really it was so they could support each other.
Queen Mary was waiting to greet them at the great hall, having not been allowed to attend the wedding out of some archaic custom that everyone agreed was outdated but nobody had actually overturned. Still, she held the traditional honour of hosting the feast, probably the finest the kingdom had ever and would ever see as it celebrated a marriage, a coronation and the day of Wintertide all at once.
’s sails and no time at all to make a decision. It didn’t even occur to him as he pulled himself up to his full height and called to Benny to prepare to come about that this wasn’t his ship and he had no authority here, which is probably why it didn’t stop him.
"You okay, Cas?" Dean asked but Cas was far away in thought. His eyes were entirely focused on the arrangement even though he seemed to be looking beyond them. His hands were clasped in his lap, one finger tracing his wedding band over and over.
“Yeah and that’s great, but you’re gonna need...other stuff, Cas,” Dean sighed, comparing the packages of two different brands of heat pads trying to remember which one Charlie had preferred.
Castiel moves his hands to grip Dean’s hips, driving into him at an almost punishing speed, trying to hold back the sounds that desperately want to burst from his chest. He’s not going to call Dean’s name right now. He’s not going to do that.
And then he kissed him, putting into it every ounce of tenderness that he had spoken with. Cas kissed him until all the doubt, all the fear, the second-guessing had faded into a whisper of a thing, and even then he didn’t stop. He didn’t stop until Dean’s lips were tingling and the idea that Cas might not want him was as distant as it was ludicrous.
pirate, then,” he glared at Castiel but Castiel just smirked back. “Many of you will have already seen the damage done to my flagship,
The chefs at the palace were renowned throughout the world for their culinary ability, but even by their own high standards, they had outdone themselves. But Dean barely tasted anything put before him, his attention wholly on his husband, beside him.
“It’s chaos back there,” Adam said with undisguised amusement. “They think you’ll have tried to put as much distance from this place as you could, nobody thinks you’d have stuck around here-”
After checking that his pistol was in working order and not likely to jam when he fired it, Castiel found himself at a loss at what to do. He wanted to write to Dean but there was no way he could guarantee that it would ever get to him and he would never be able to write what he wanted anyway. Too many people would read it and not one of them would be Dean.
generate static electricity. And lightning. And for some Godforsaken reason sparks which had better not ruined Baby’s interior.
It was a dangerous game Castiel was playing and he had to make sure he didn’t say or do anything that he could actually be court-martialled for.
The crowd cheered, congratulating themselves on their diligence while Dean struggled to keep himself from laughing. Just a moment ago he’d feared they were doing to bring out some undeserving soul to the pyre because their fingers were too long or something that would be ridiculous if it hadn’t cost someone their life. But corn? Ordinary looking corn being burned for yielding a week early. That was a new one.
Crowley took the dismissal for what it was, “’til next time,” he said, with exaggerated fondness, slipping effortlessly over the side and no doubt clambering with as much easy down to the boat waiting for him. Dean didn’t move until he could hear one of Crowley’s men calling for the rowers to start. He breathed a sigh of relief, scrubbing his hand over his face.
Dean gave him one last peck before he drew back, looking more like a disgruntled child than the Crown Prince. “Fine, but you better believe we’re doing more than just kiss when we get there.”
Dean is on the verge of asking how Cas wants it but before he can, Cas just lies out on his stomach, kissing every part of Dean that he can on the way down.
But Castiel only nodded, considering what he might offer as a backstory as the two of them fell into a comfortable silence.
For a moment, Dean thought about teasing him but he looked so sincere it would just be mean. “Yeah...I know.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’m coming,” he says and flushes when he realises what he’s said. “I mean...I’ll join you...I’ll-” He can feel Cas’ eyes follow him and he’s glad that the darkness hides the blush he can feel burning in his cheeks. It doesn’t diminish when he’s actually in the bed. Just beside his head on the pillow beside him, far closer than he ever expected to be to Cas beyond dreams, Cas lets out a satisfied sigh and pulls the covers over them.
Sam looked like he might want to say something more, but Dean had heard it all before and even what hadn’t been said. Dean knew. So to save his brother the hassle of having to convey how sorry he was that Dean had drawn the short straw when he’d been born first, Dean stepped into his chambers and let the door snap shut behind him. He heard Benny shout something into the halls and a few moments later a bell rang out somewhere, announcing that for the next twelve hours the betrothed princes would observe solitary meditation in preparation for their wedding.
"Cash or credit?" the girl at the checkout interrupted, looking between the three of them with nothing short of mild horror.
” he snapped, turning his attention back to his breakfast so he didn’t have to actually see Cas walk away. He’d been enjoying the food so much, but now it felt heavy in his stomach. He wasn’t hungry anymore.
recovered her senses. Charlie left Dean to Castiel’s ministrations, clumsy as they were, as she ducked back out to help Benny chart their course. Dean was fine, for the most part, he’d just taken a nasty knock to the head, but the blood loss made it look far worse than it actually was.
He was used to the passing of time. It was, in fact, the only thing Castiel had witnessed consistently during his service, but still, the day seemed to pass far too quickly, with greater haste than any of the previous days for sure. The sun darkened in the sky, giving way to night, not that such a thing could be witnessed when the humans had strung up light everywhere. The artificial glow grew brighter as the daylight diminished and the city seemed to come alive, with more people passing by than had done previously.
Still, it was Dean who came first. Castiel’s name on his lips, whispered again and again as he tumbled headlong into the welcoming arms of bliss. Castiel could not hold out against such a sound, nor did he want to, painting Dean’s hand white with his own release, pulling Dean against him, unsure which of them was trembling.
It was Meg smirking at Cas, forever amused at the turn of events but ridiculously proud that Cas had “finally learned to get his rocks off.”
“I miss our bed back home,” Dean murmured, one hand trailing down the front of Castiel’s shirt. When his fingers hitched it up, allowing him access to just a hint of Castiel’s hips, Castiel couldn’t help but moan softly at the contact, desperate for something that didn’t scream an apology for being too tired. Too rushed.
“Sam’s a big boy, he can look after himself,” Dean said, pulling Cas towards the bed. “Besides, someone told me I need to rest and I can only do that if you’re with me.”
“I tried to tell the Admiral,” Castiel sighed, drawing the tale to a close, “but he didn’t seem particularly interested.”
Castiel was aware of Dean’s gaze upon him as Charlie handed him the map, but he wasn’t annoyed. In fact, he was smiling, but Castiel forced himself to ignore him looking instead between the ship and the map. “Dean, it shouldn’t be here and look at it, it’s far too low in the water. A ship that small should be able to outrun you, but they’re not even trying.”
“Hey, flyboy,” he called, harshly, trying not to think too much on how relieved Castiel looked to be spoken to at last, even if it took him a moment to realise that he was now ‘flyboy’.
Even before he had left the cabin he was aware of the flurry of activity beyond the doors. It was not something he heard so much as something he felt. Castiel didn’t have to captain the vessel to feel the low buzz of excitement that could only come from the promise of action or a change in routine, however slight. Naturally, this being a pirate ship he wasn’t sure what to expect. What he absolutely did not expect was to find the ship hove to trading goods with another ship. Another ship that he recognised.
“Heading where?” Castiel asked, before he could stop himself. In hindsight, it was probably an apt reward for the two days of silence he had given Dean, that Dean didn’t say another word, just threw Castiel an unreadable look and then he was gone.
It was nothing spectacular. Just a house sitting solo at the side of a quiet road surrounded by so much grass it was less a garden and more a field. The bright red ‘for sale’ sign was bright against the traditional white planking and for a moment, just a brief moment, Dean allowed himself to look at it.
“Cas-” Dean started but Cas cut him off, claiming his lips in a searing kiss. “Wha-?” he breathed when Cas pulled back, but the question died on his tongue when he saw that Cas’ eyes had once again blown into omega gold.
He could feel Cas’ eyes on him for a few minutes longer before he was inevitably distracted by the Raiju.
“Dean, you can’t-” Sam broke off, starting again slowly, his face almost buried in his hands as though he couldn’t believe he was having to give voice to the words he was saying. “You can’t go into Hell to look for something that might not exist.”
“What? No, you really think we’d do that?” Sam looked so hurt, for the briefest of moments Dean regretted the accusation, but with Cas’ safety on the line, even his brothers were suspect. “You’re good, Dean, Cas, you’re safe,” Sam looked to Cas whose jaw seemed set in a grim line, seemingly as unconvinced as Dean was.
“Centuries,” Cas said, “The demons wiped the Nephilim out millennia ago and there hasn’t been one born since then. Not even from a taming. Nobody really knows why, some angels think it’s because the bond between human and angel aren’t strong enough.”
And it feels like Dean can breathe again. He hadn’t realised the world had stopped on its axis until it started moving again at those words.
“Angels can’t banish demons. They can kill ‘em a damn sight easier than we can, but they still can’t send them back en masse. Only Lucifer, the one who started all this, God Himself or a Nephilim can do that and we’re fresh out of all three.”
“Stop it,” Cas said, sharply, and Dean realised he’d been so caught up in self-recrimination that he hadn’t actually noticed Cas get up and cross the room to take his hands in his own. “Dean,” he said firmly, but with no hint of reproach, “I meant what I said yesterday, you are everything to me and to know that you are my true mate is such a joy, I worry this is a deluded fever dream. I wonder if I’m not going to wake up in a moment to find you sponging my forehead and telling me none of this was real. But I
Castiel nodded, aware that a red flush was creeping into his cheeks, but Dean only beamed at him, “Cas, I’d love to.”
With a small huff of annoyance Castiel turned his attention back to the papers he had been consulting with Adam, deliberately ignoring his mate, even though he could still feel Dean’s eyes upon him. Beside him, Adam looked awkwardly between them before deciding to just stay quiet. Across the table Sam gave him a reassuring albeit a furtive smile, but Castiel ignored that too.
Night had settled over them, but the market was not darker for it. There were fire pits and lamps everywhere. Some of the stalls had put bright candles behind coloured glass sending beautiful patterns across the crowds. There were people everywhere, children running around despite the late hour and everyone seemed to be happy. If anyone thought it was odd that a priest of the Temple, however lowly, was walking about the place with a random peasant nobody said anything; they barely even looked. The atmosphere was too jovial for antagonism at any rate.
Castiel thought for a moment. He needed to get out of the city, but it was still very busy and he didn’t entirely know where he was. He was hungry too. And...he glanced up, catching Michael’s eye, there was something appealing at spending a little more time with the dashing young man before him.
,” Castiel said before he could stop himself. Heads turned towards him so he smiled blandly, “It is a singular pirate ship, is it not, Admiral?” he asked, turning to Zachariah who could disguise the redness of his face as a symptom of overindulgence.
“Hi, boss!” Charlie called, cheerily, passing the counter to hang her bag out back before the afternoon rush set in. Dean raised a hand and turned to count how many pies they had left. No point dwelling on stuff now, it’d all keep regardless.
pulled up her anchor and set her sails for Kingston. As they passed, they fired a salute, probably the only time the Royal Navy had ever rendered honours to a pirate, before
was so casual and everyone so friendly, Castiel had felt out of place, even more so than he would have thought possible, when he had donned his formal coat. Instead, he chose to step onto deck the way Dean did, in just his pants and a loose-fitting shirt. The Admiralty would have had a fit to have seen such a thing.
“Someone’s keen,” Dean smirked, inwardly congratulating himself on how well he had maintained his composure so far.
with full assistance and I need not remind you of the penalty of failing to engage the enemy. Your orders will follow, good day, sir.”
It’s the late hour and the proximity to Cas which means he’s not considering what he says. That’s what Dean will claim to his dying day as he murmurs, “if you’re dreaming...I’m dreaming too.”
“Yeah, that,” Sam, clearly unsure how Castiel felt about the whole affair and not wanting to antagonise him, however unintentionally. “Then you and Dean, Prince Dean I mean, will be given a moment to...” a faint tinge flushed his cheeks and Castiel found himself smiling indulgently, he did not envy the man his task, “to scent each other and then there’ll be the coronation, the feast and...all that,” he mumbled.
“Oh, Cas,” Dean sighed, tracing a finger through his hair, ignoring that it came away damp. “Cas, I love you.”
Cas cupped his face gently, though the motion seemed to be more for his benefit than Dean’s. “Sam is ill, but I’m confident he will recover. But...he does not wish you to see him in this state.”
Across the floor, Sam snorted, “Dean, no, you can’t end the war. That’s the whole point of all this. That’s why they want the baby.”
“A pleasure doing business with you, Dean, as ever.” His eyes rested on Castiel for a moment, and though he smiled there seemed to be something malevolent there. “Are you quite sure I can’t convince you to ransom the delicious captain to me, I'll offer you double his ransom?”
Sam almost knocked Dean aside as he dropped from his horse, practically running to the stone to touch it, as though his touch could confirm what his eyes were telling him.
Dean had slipped back into his chambers without anyone noticing that he had ever left. Or maybe Benny had, but he wouldn’t tell. He’d shed his clothes, wrapping them into a tight bundle and hiding them in a lesser-used case; if he was lucky the faint scent of pine and snow would linger and he’d have at least something of Clarence. He wrapped himself in his warmest robe, hoping to stave off some of the chill that had set in overnight, knowing that he could have a bath drawn for him this morning. It was the morning of his wedding, he would be forgiven for being imperious.
The temple had never been so quiet, not during the most silent of contemplative prayers as the assembled guests waited for Dean to do something. Anything. Then, Dean felt a warm press against his hand and he looked down to where Clarence- Castiel was holding onto him, gripping him tightly as though he were just as afraid that this wasn’t real.
He did not recognise the sound he made when he caught the familiar scent on the air. It was somewhere between a cry of relief and a sob. It wasn’t until he felt Castiel’s strong arms around him that Dean realised he was actually crying, huge sobs that wracked his body as they escaped him and he clung to his mate.
“Dean?” Cas called, softly and Dean jerked a little, sending a sharp splash of water which only went to show how gone he already was.
“Your brother is not dying, Dean,” Cas said, with such ferocity Dean believed him. “I will stay with him, but please, I ask we not be disturbed, he...he doesn’t want anyone to see.”
Cas pulls Dean close to him, tentatively stroking his face, looking into the galaxy in Dean’s eyes. “It’s a shame I’ll miss the conjunction tonight,” he says but even as he says it, he’s smiling softly. “But, I have something infinitely more beautiful to look upon.”
“Come about!” he shouted over to the man at the wheel, “Benny, we’re gonna need some extra sail.” He paused when he saw that Benny was looking at him, one eyebrow arched, “Look, if it’s Roman we’ll do what we do. If it’s not we’ll carry on. We’re not so pressed for time we can’t afford to take a look.”
Castiel was sure he’d stopped breathing, but his heart seemed to be pounding harder than ever in his chest. “Dean, I-” he broke off, there was nothing he could say that he had not already said. Nothing he could do that he had not already done, so he did not try. Instead, he swallowed down the lump in his throat, held out his hand and said, levelly, “I hope I see you again.”
Queenie struggled to pull herself up and just about managed it. She took the djinn’s hand in hers and started muttering under her breath.
There was silence and Dean looked to the door almost desperately. It seemed an age before his mother’s wearied face appeared at the door and she smiled at her eldest son.
had committed. But the officials were watching them and they had already said their more intimate goodbyes.
“If it helps, it probably does exist in some form,” Adam offered, “If Heaven has such a thing then it would make sense for Hell to have one too.”
It took Castiel a split second to judge the distance between the ships, another second to see the state of
Dean stepped back from Castiel in time for a figure, a good head shorter than him, to barrel into him, almost taking the two of them to the floor.
“But you’ve helped me, Sam, you even helped those dickhead psychics and I’m pretty sure Meg wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. And that’s just what I’ve seen so...what I’m saying is...” Dean scrubbed the back of his neck, nervously, regretting that he’d somehow ended up discussing feelings of all things. “...you’re alright. You’re not like the other angels.”
Castiel felt his heart stop beating in his chest, there was surely no way Dean would refuse that, but by way of a response, Dean folded his arms and glared.
Dean slipped out of the chair and was gone before any one of them could call him back. Adam and Sam exchanged a look before looking at Castiel. “I’m...I’m going to see if he’s okay,” he sighed.
, I need to arrange transport to Kingston,” he said to them, hearing Dean lower the oars behind him and start to row back. One of the officials was saying something, but he didn’t hear it even though he was looking right at him. They gestured him to follow and Castiel did. He didn’t turn around. He couldn't trust himself to keep his composure watching Dean Winchester row away from him.
“I love you,” Dean heard himself say, blurting it out unexpectedly, almost clapping a hand over his mouth as the words left him.
“Decided on a career change, did we?” Crowley said with his smug, British drawl as though he were not even remotely surprised to find Castiel onboard. Castiel couldn’t help the eye roll that seemed to manifest throughout his entire body. Crowley saw it and gave a small smirk and for a moment his eyes flickered to Dean and back, “Not that I could entirely blame you...”
“Have they struck?” he called up the mainmast, even though they could all see the flags still flying through the gunsmoke and debris.
When he opened his eyes he was calm and Castiel realised he was in Purgatory. It had been a long, long time since he had last been here but it was impossible not to recognise. The forest was vast and colourless. Everything bled into shades of grey; even the leaves and the water held no hue.
, counting the shots as they landed. Despite the imminent danger of two frigates bearing down on them, he couldn’t help but laugh. Jo hadn’t even needed ranging shots. Not all of them hit home, but enough to make a dent.
Dean led Clarence around the gardens, holding his hand out to help him over the rockier parts that seemed almost treacherous with only the moon to guide them. That’s what he told himself anyway, mostly he was enjoying the warmth of Clarence’s hand in his. It was a foolish fancy, something that could go no further than arguably innocent hand holding, but hey, Dean could still enjoy it while it lasted. The guy was stunning, with eyes so blue his mother’s sapphires would surely turn to emeralds from envy. The guy was also promised to the Gods, so even if Dean was inclined to have one last roll in the hay before he committed himself to the Novak prince (which he was not) Clarence was hardly a safe bet. However much his voice already sounded like they’d indulged too far. He’d almost lost it earlier when he’d caught Clarence trying to scent him, he’d tried to return the favour but all he’d gotten was the lingering incense from the heavy robes. It was probably for the best.
Dean’s eyes narrowed a little and he turned his attention fully to his meal, “No, I imagine we’re not.,” but he didn’t offer anything more and Castiel had the distinct impression that the conversation was over. “There’s nothing like it though, huh? Being on the sea like this, I mean,” Dean said when the silence between them had started to border on strained.
“We got two frigates on our tail and they’re closing. Fast,” Benny added, tossing a glass to Dean and gesturing in the vague direction that he should look. Dean shook himself down, as though he could shake the melancholy that had hung over him for the last few weeks as he extended the glass and saw what Benny was talking about.
” Sam hissed, “I can’t believe you’d do this! Let me guess, you were going to tell me later when it was too late to go back and expect me to just be okay with it?”
Castiel needed to breathe. He needed to breathe, get himself under control and get back to his mate. He could do this. The baby took that exact moment to kick and Castiel could breathe. He curled his hand around his bump, as though it might connect him to the baby.
But ultimately his fantasies would have to wait. Castiel was panting at Dean’s ear, “Knot me alpha, knot me,” and what kind of mate would Dean be to deny such a fervent request? He moved his hands lower, trying very hard not to come as his first finger breached Castiel’s rim. It was not the thorough preparation Dean would have wanted for his mate, but it was enough. Castiel obviously liked the burn or was too far gone to appreciate it, thrusting himself back against Dean’s fingers. Dean closed his eyes, the sight was too much, too wanton. If he closed his eyes it was easier. That was what he told himself, as though the soft gasps his mate breathed did not sound all the more erotic when Dean could not see what he was doing to them both.
“There you go, you’re okay,” Michael said, kindly, rubbing his thumb in soothing circles on Castiel’s hand. The two of them looked down at the motion when Michael suddenly pulled back, as though he were only now aware of what he had been doing. “So...” he said, clearing his throat, awkwardly, “You’re in the church or something?”
The boat started lowering, haltingly at first but then with greater smoothness as the ropes settled into their work.
Queen Mary shook her hair out as she took off her helm, as unassuming and unrecognisable as any of the soldiers behind her. The Queen had never been a warrior but she was hardly an easy target. If any demons had tried to make off with her then they would have found themselves biting off more than they could chew. And many of them had several mouths. Still, disguising her as a run of the mill soldier was a smart move. Beside her, the Captain of the Guard dismounted, like them, removing his helmet but he looked hesitantly between Dean and his father.
Castiel remained in the rigging, watching the other ship as it failed to make any kind of effective movement. “What do you think?” Dean asked, his own ship running effectively behind him if the riotous noise from the gun deck was anything to go by.
Sleep was a luxurious treat. Something Castiel partook of but didn’t need. Yet within a week of arriving at the front, Castiel was exhausted, his very being yearning for the softness of their bed and the rest that came with it. The first attack had come on the third night after their arrival and it had been relentless ever since.
“That’s the last of the chickens,” she told Dean, handing him his own plate, “We’ll need some supplies soon.”
“Cas,” Dean gasped, as Castiel, without breaking eye contact, rolled his hips and started riding his mate.
Dean had barely said a word since. It was Benny who gave the orders these days, though everyone seemed to be a little quieter around him. He didn’t blame them. He wasn’t really their captain anymore. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to be.
The magistrate nodded sagely, “Indeed, the harvest is not due for another week. This is an Offence sent to test us, to test our faith. But we have seen through it!”
He does not expect the fingers on his face nor the way he freezes at the touch. Cas’ rests his fingertips gently against Dean’s jawline, tracing where it meets his cheek and Dean is convinced he’s dreaming. So is Cas if his expression is anything to go by.
Dean kissed him one last time, or at least, one last time for the moment, before he crossed the room and stepped into the hallway where, as he expected, someone was waiting just to see if the Princes would require anything that evening. It took no time at all to order a bath for the two of them and naturally, the attendant’s expression didn’t change even when Dean made sure to say they would only need one bath. He didn’t want there to be a misunderstanding.
“I dunno, Cassie, you’re the one who brought me here,” Gabriel looked around the room as though he didn’t think much of his surroundings, at least until his eyes fell on Sam. “Well,
“Took you boys long enough,” he said, gruffly, though Castiel heard the warmth in his voice. Even though the man wasn’t smiling, he couldn’t have been happier to see them. He didn’t rise from his chair and Dean got down beside him to hug him, unmistakeably checking him over as he did so. “Alright, alright, I’m fine, get off me,” the man grumbled, pushing Dean away, even though they were both laughing. The man gave a polite nod, “Sam.”
Whatever Dean had imagined his night to be, it had not been this. He had thought he might observe the coming and goings of the people, remind himself that they looked to him to lead them and he was doing all of this for them and Sam. He couldn’t be a good king if he wasn’t even the king after all. Marriage to the Novak prince would secure him, it would secure the kingdom...it would secure a life for Sam. He wouldn’t begrudge it...or at least...he imagined he would learn not to begrudge it. In time. For the moment, it was all quite easy to forget in the company of the escaped awkward novice who was looking around the marketplace in absolute awe and wonder, as though he had never seen such a place as this.
Dean sighed, rubbing his eyes as though he were tired, no doubt he was of having to tiptoe around the existence of his half-brother depending on who was in the room. “...it’s just that Adam’s presence isn’t entirely political and Dad doesn’t want him around when it’s not on his terms. You think it’s safe here?”
Cas goes boneless beneath him, pulling Dean in for a long kiss, letting him use his body to chase his own release which is hardly far behind. “Fill me,” Cas whispers directly into Dean’s ear. “Let me feel you.”
closed on her quarry with far greater swiftness than Balthazar had predicted. Their advantage would only last until the bad weather that engulfed the other ship met them, but it was an advantage nonetheless.
Cas had wanted to ask what the point was, but she had already moved on and Sam just shrugged at him before they followed. Dean had wanted to go back and destroy the wardings, dig up the hex bags and kick the door down to their stupid hotel, possibly after putting up a sign saying ‘demons welcome’ and he’d been surprised when Meg had agreed fully. Cas talked them out of that, apparently, it would be inappropriate. Dean had grumbled but ultimately allowed himself to be dissuaded. No point putting his own life in danger even if he got to take those jackasses with him.
. They’d come up with this whole plan about how they were going to get Cas away from you and- did you really punch father when they tried to send you here without him?” Sam asked, suddenly, clearly unsure as to whether he should believe that particular story. Dean flushed a little, but beside him, Cas looked thrilled and Sam’s face split into a grin. “Awesome. Anyway, you’d been gone a while so mother went to fetch you both. Obviously, you weren’t there and it didn’t take them long to figure out
. And his mood turned positively black when Castiel announced around the wardroom table one morning that he was cutting the men’s rations by a third.
“Good morning,” he said, but that was as far as he got. Castiel pushed himself up, so he could reach Dean’s lips and kissed him, softly at first but when Dean kissed him back he couldn’t help but lean into it. He allowed his lips to part, allowing Dean to taste him, not knowing which of the two of them moaned into it. Perhaps it had been both of them. The effect was the same. Their kisses became desperate, fiery things, only paused for the sake of their breath.
Dean looked from Meg to Castiel and back again, unsure as to what she was getting at. “The hell? He flashed his wings, he hardly took a bullet for me.”
He held his hand up at Benny, the universal gesture of ‘wait’, aware that even he, the first mate, was waiting on his order.
Cas can obviously hear him considering it. “Dean, if you’re going to press it, press it now so we can get it over with and go to sleep.”
“If it helps me fight them then yeah, I’d do it again,” Sam shouted back. Castiel’s eyes narrowed and Sam seemed to shrink a little under his stare. “It makes me strong,” he said again, but this time he sounded uncertain. His voice shook a little.
Castiel raised an unimpressed eyebrow, “Given the state of her after just one engagement, I’m not surprised she requires an escort.”
He laughed, doubled over, having to hold onto the fountain to steady himself as Clarence just stared at him unimpressed, his robes clinging to him as they dripped a puddle onto the floor.
Dean couldn’t let his mate stand so close, their bodies entwined without leaning in to kiss him, even though he supposed this could technically be counted as their first argument. “You
It was an eerie, almost out of body experience for Castiel to watch the crew running around the ship, trying to get as much speed as possible about of her. For Dean’s part, he clearly had complete trust in the competence of his crew and barely spoke except to correct someone. He did not bark orders, he merely suggested, but whatever it was would be taken as fact and acted on immediately. The crew was entirely in tune with each other and if it weren’t for the necessity of distance, Dean probably wouldn’t have even raised his voice.
In hindsight, it probably hadn’t been the wisest course of action Castiel had ever engaged in to let the man, Michael, a relative stranger, take his arm and steer him away from the busy streets of the market into the quieter side streets. They ended up near the Temple that Castiel had fled from in the first place. Michael had taken them into a walled garden but even so, Castiel could see the door from which he’d left the church in the first place. He’d started to panic a little at the thought that the palace assigned guard meant to ensure he was not disturbed, might come upon them. But just as that particular fear had risen within him, Michael had pulled him into a secluded grove, surrounded by high stone walls, leading to what looked like a park. Nobody was around here. From the looks of it, nobody came here at night, with only the moon to light their way. It was just handy that the night sky held a particularly bright moon.
He almost fainted with relief when he saw that there were djinn inside. Cas too. He was standing at the spot where Dean had stood all those years ago except Cas didn’t have a shotgun however ineffectual. Ironically, he was trapped in the only sigil Dean hadn’t drawn on all those years ago and he looked furious. The kind of furious that once upon a time would have led to a smiting of Biblical proportions. Dean followed the line of his gaze and saw three women strung up on a rig that was painfully familiar. Someone shouted something and if he adjusted his angle, Dean could see Queenie lying on the floor, sprawled under the fists of yet another djinn. Beside him, Sam took in a sharp breath that sounded like a hiss. Dean didn’t blame him; she’d been injured before but now she looked like a bloody stain on the floor.
“You and Cas,” Sam said and Dean put on his best poker face even though he was fairly sure he was having a heart attack.
Eventually, Balthazar sighed, “Of course I’ll be your second, Cassie. But, if something happens to you and Zachariah orders me to sail with
Leaning in Dean pressed a kiss to Cas’ forehead which seemed cool even against the heat. There were several things he should be doing. They both needed to clean up, Cas would surely need something to eat and Dean’s stomach was already demanding breakfast, but right now he didn’t want to move, revelling in the comfort of holding Cas so close.
Castiel stepped as close as he dared and gripped the hand in his own tightly, unable to look away from the sparkling green eyes he thought he’d lost.
sleep, but it was hardly a practice he had engaged in often, something he had never done at all in fact, before Dean had tamed him. If his body had desperately required, he’d always opted for
Bobby had sighed, a weary thing that seemed to come from his very bones. “He got into a duel with some naval captain. The guy shot him clean in the head.”
“Short of ending the war, I’m not sure what we can do. But I would choose a life on the run over giving up our child any day.”
The blow when it came had been expected, indeed, it was exactly that which Castiel was hoping to provoke. Still, he hadn’t expected a strike so forceful, he almost lost his footing though that might have been more from shock than the impact. He had to do his best not to smile, though he couldn’t quite bring himself to look furious. The room had fallen silent and almost everyone was looking at Castiel, waiting for his reaction.
Dean reaches over to the nightstand, doing his best not to disturb Castiel’s position. He grabs the ringing phone.
He was momentarily dazed from the contrast. The vast ruin he was used to already seemed strange compared to the relative comfort Dean had just left. He sympathised with Meg; it would be a bit squashed with the four of them living in such close proximity, but beds? Actual beds? With
On his tongue was a witty retort about how the two of them were still up to their hips in freezing water, or perhaps he was about to say something about how he’d take what he could get. Whatever it was would surely have been wry and amusing, but Dean didn’t say a word. His hand was paused where he’d reached to take the hood and though he wasn’t all that cold, Dean was frozen. He scented the air, trying to pick up on what it was that had struck him, but in doing so the new scent flooded his senses.
“I’ll get married to someone I’ll never love and wish it was you every day,” Michael sighed. “But, I’ll be alright if I know that you’re making a life for yourself.”
Almost instinctively, he looked over at the other cot, hardly surprised when he saw that it was empty. He really did want to know how Dean was able to keep time. He caught himself smiling and tried to force it away. He was a prisoner of the pirates he had been sent to apprehend, he was
The blow never landed, instead the demon threw his head back, a blinding light burning through his eyes and mouth. It seemed to scream but the sound was cut out abruptly as the light vanished, revealing two burning holes where its eyes had once been. Dean stared up, uncomprehending, as Castiel pulled the demon from him, throwing what remained of it aside and reaching out to help Dean up.
Part of the woods had been cleared and the ground had been ploughed to create a small growing space. Castiel couldn’t quite see what was being grown, but whatever it was, there were a handful of people gathering it into large baskets. The only thing even noteworthy about it all was the man standing off to the side, watching the others work, but then, maybe he was just taking a break?
They were supposed to perform a traditional dance of courting, one where they would step around each other in strict movements, bowing and turning with surprisingly little contact given that it was their first dance as a couple. Dean had no intention of following through with that. Instead, he pulled Castiel towards him, hooking one arm around his waist, and linking their fingers together. Castiel looked up at him from under his circlet that complimented the blue of his eyes so perfectly and smiled, giving his hand a squeeze and stepping close enough that Dean couldn’t help but scent him.
“You’ve got two tickets and you didn’t invite me, which I may never recover from, by the way, so...who’s the lucky guy?” Castiel flushed beet red, looking away quickly, which of course only fuelled that particular fire. “Is it happening? Are you going to ask him out?”
It was far too hurried, pleasure lighting up across every one of Castiel’s nerves at record speed, but in that moment it was everything. Castiel rocked his hips in time with Dean’s movements, knowing that neither of them would last long, it had been far too long since they’d been able to take each other apart.
Nobody stopped them as they slipped out, not that anyone could have given that Dean was now the ruler of everyone present. It could not have been more obvious what they were doing. They practically ran from the room, Dean pulling Castiel along behind him, seeing as he knew where the rooms were. It should only have been a short walk to the other side of the palace, but it seemed to take ten times longer given how they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. More than once Castiel pressed Dean against a wall and kissed him to within an inch of his life. More than once Dean returned the favour.
Inside the booth, Gordon was spending a little too long checking a woman’s pass. Dean liked to get them through quickly and with as little fuss as possible. Gordon, on the other hand, liked to spend a little bit of extra time checking through documents he knew were totally fine, just to mess with their heads a little. Make the guilty ones anxious, then they’d be more likely to slip up later. Maybe it even worked on a couple of them, but his stoppage record was no higher than Dean’s or Benny’s. As soon as he realised Dean was behind him he seemed to drag it out even longer, but Dean stayed quiet and suppressed his eye roll. If Gordon wanted to waste his time even after his shift had finished, let him.
Castiel did not recognise the blank stare that looked back at him. Even if he hadn’t been too late to affect the decision, it was clear that Dean would never have changed his mind. The boom of the cannons was shortly followed by the unmistakeable explosions of a ship falling apart. Dean stepped away from Castiel, already calling for them to resume their course. Castiel opened his mouth to speak again, wanting to remind Dean that they had a duty to pick up survivors. But he couldn’t form the words.
Dean felt relief spread through every inch of him. This was more than he could ever have dreamed of but still, Cas didn’t seem happy. This was everything that they wanted and more; the war was over, they were home, the baby was safe...why couldn’t Cas even look at him.
Dean and Cas exchanged a grim look, the hopelessness of their situation which Dean had been attempting to hold at bay threatened to overtake them. They were on borrowed time and Dean knew it. He didn’t want to say it to Cas, didn’t want to worry him, but Cas knew. He had to. Everyone would be hunting them.
Cas rolled his eyes, only a little but it was still enough to piss Dean off even more than he already seemed to be. “You can’t. I’ll be fine, I’m sure you’ll understand why I won’t be able to maintain contact for some time.”
“You’re going to be the death of me,” Castiel murmured, kissing Dean’s jaw, his neck, his ear, anywhere he could reach, while Dean held him until he felt a little more stable.
“It was mostly a matter of restraining him,” Cas said, dryly, which nonetheless made Dean’s heart constrict. He should have been there for his brother. The fact that Sam had chosen to shut him out would probably sting for longer than the fact that he’d turned to demon blood.
“Keep your eye on her, Balthazar,” Castiel said, turning on his heel and heading aft, looking for Ishim. The man might be a misery, but his division was the most competent of their gun crews.
Castiel looked back to where two men were standing around, laughing at something the other had said while everyone else just seemed to work around them, trying not to catch their eye. Dean was still looking at Castiel, his glare fierce but there was something else there too. Something that seemed to will Castiel to see, really see what was going on.
There was movement beside him and Dean clocked it in the corner of his eye but took a beat too long to realise what it was. At first he thought it was just one of the women, shifting as she slowly came back to reality but then Sam shouted to him and he knew something was wrong.
“Dean, they’re a little off their route,” Charlie said warily, coming forward with a map she had drawn several lines over.
“He’s not worth it,” Meg snapped, glaring at Dean when he realised she was talking about him. “What? You treat him like shit for days and he’s still supposed to die for you?!”
“Can’t sleep?” he asked, startling the boy who almost scratched a black line through the words he’d been writing as his hand jerked from the fright. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Castiel was on the verge of a retort, though he never got the chance to say it. Dean stepped between the two, facing Crowley as though shielding Castiel from him.
“I’ve just seen your betrothed to the guest chambers to get ready,” she said, kindly, as though she had an inkling of what Dean was going through even though her and Benny had chosen each other. “He asked me to pass this on.” She held out a folded letter, though it was unsealed, another sign that the Novak prince had had to leave everything behind him.
Sam looked between the two of them and with an awkward cough to clear his throat he excused himself.
Zachariah’s hand shot up, stopping Castiel before he could continue. “There’s plenty of time for that, you should report back to your ship and get settled-”
was something of a contentious point. He had thought the church would soothe him, that it would provide some connection between his new home and the one he had just left. He had been proven incorrect. The Novak chapel was small, quiet or maybe that was just because he was used to it. It would never take Castiel very long to feel the presence of the Divines there among the cherry wood stalls and the scent of the holy ones. But the Winchester church was quite different. It was about ten times the size for a start, but then, this was the cathedral of a grand city, far removed from the chapel of the Novak Palatine. Much thought had been put into the architecture and great stone columns stretched up towards a vast ceiling. But the empty space was cold, devoid of the loving presence of the Divines and only the faintest, lingering aroma of incense on the air attested to their presence at all. The windows were made of beautifully coloured glass though and Castiel would be lying if he denied his immediate awe for the vaulted ceilings and their intricate patterns. It was a beautiful building, but he didn’t feel particularly soothed. It occurred to him, even if he were in the chapel back home, the Divines would probably still fail to settle him. Maybe nothing could.
In his mind’s eye, Castiel saw a flash of green eyes and he blushed a little. Balthazar noticed, of course, he did, but thankfully before he could press for an explanation or launch into good-natured teasing, they were interrupted by Alfie and the smashing of the tea tray he was clearing away when he realised that his captain was alive.
,” the man called, emphatically and Castiel struggled not to roll his eyes. He imagined they would have, pirates being what they were. What he really needed from this man was less lamenting about his lost goods and more information that might actually prove useful. Which direction had they gone in? How were their sails set? How long ago had they left?
“Where are we going?” Dean asked, under his breath as they moved deeper into the fortress towards the kitchens. Or at least, Castiel hoped it was towards the kitchens, he’d only been this way a handful of times but he seemed fairly certain of the direction.
Dean tucked Castiel’s arm under his own, pulling him close. “You are everything to me and I’m going to prove it however I can,” he said, with surprising sincerity and Castiel, figuring that decorum had already been thrown to the wind, leaned over and kissed Dean on the cheek. It was worth it for the bright smile he received in return. He was well aware that the guests were looking at them curiously, of course, they wanted their prince to be happy, but nobody could have expected this. Not that their stares bothered Castiel, they could wonder all they wanted, he and Dean were married and nobody could take that away from them.
They walked far longer than was sensible, especially given that they had no heading and had just picked a direction. Anything could have been waiting for them. At one point they passed within earshot of what sounded like a werewolf, but it had obviously scented the air and realised it probably wouldn’t win a four on one fight, so it rustled off into the woods. They finally came across a place to rest, even though Dean had no idea what a ‘Drive-In Theatre’ could possibly have been.
“You could what, Cas?” Dean sighed, suddenly frustrated, “You could survive the war, resign your commission, come back out here and stay with us? Yeah, you could,
He set up the tray. Slice of pie, coffee in a mug featuring a pun that wasn’t really for customers (‘
“Cas,” Dean admonished, gently, “You know I-” he broke off, covering whatever he had been about to say with an awkward cough before he busied himself looking at the tickets, “I could never hate you.”
“How’re you doing down there, Jo?” Dean called, throwing her a mock salute when he heard whatever her answer was. Castiel didn’t hear it, he had turned his attention back to the other ship ‘
Dean fumbles with the remote as he tries to turn it off. He manages to cut it just as the waiter disappears under a woman, already groaning excessively. The panel returns to obscure the screen but Cas looks traumatised.
He remembered Dean, scratching the back of his neck nervously, ‘Don’t look at me, it was nothing to do with us.’ But even so, Castiel could only stare.
They circled around to the doors that had been left open seeing as the occupants hadn’t expected to be disturbed.
“I’ve had some thoughts about that,” Adam murmured, so quietly for a moment, Castiel had to replay the words in his mind to ensure he’d heard them correctly.
“What is it?” he asked, looking around as though Dean might have possibly sighted something he’d missed.
so quickly. Dean threw himself across the quarterdeck, shouting down, “Jo, if we time this right we’ll have the chance for a broadside before they bring theirs to bear. You think you can reload in two minutes?”
The offer brought a startling clarity to Castiel. The answer should have been an obvious ‘I’d love to but I can’t.’ It was a ludicrous offer, an impossible dream whispered in the throes of lovemaking that could never be fulfilled. Castiel had a life that could never be squared with that of a pirate. What would he do, resign his commission and spend his days beside Dean, raiding the ships of a dishonest merchant? It was ridiculous.
So this was supposed to be the last chapter but...it started to get real, real long and I honestly had a blast with this chapter so I'm just gonna roll with it :D
“I am so happy for you guys,” Sam said, warmly. Castiel couldn’t help but smile back at him, across the room Queen Mary kept glancing up at them, shooting them an enthusiastic wave when she caught his eye. This was his family. He was aware that there was a lump in his throat, this was a world away from what he had imagined, even before he’d met ‘Michael’.
Warmth spread through every part of Dean even though he tried to stop it. He really shouldn’t let his guard down but Sam was already crossing the room to hug him. He didn’t want to set himself up for a fall but he couldn’t help it. Dean leaned into his brother’s arm and let him hold him.
” Cas babbles breathlessly but Dean can’t say anything. His entire world has zoned onto the man beneath him, the man looking at him as though Dean has given him something too precious for words. And then Cas’ back arches one last time and he all but screams Dean’s name as he spills over his stomach and Dean’s hand. Dean feels him clenching down around him and he knows he’s close.
There was no way this could not be real. He could hear little over the roaring of his blood in his ears, if it didn’t hurt so much he would swear he was dreaming. Then there was no doubt at all. He stood beside the man he was about to marry, a man who was turning to him with a cautious expression that froze into the same shock Castiel felt to his core.
” Dean breathed, the flush that he’d managed to hold at bay flooded his cheeks though he immediately felt guilty when he saw Cas drop his gaze nervously to the floor. This was embarrassing for him too, Dean told himself firmly, he didn’t need Dean being an ass about it. “Okay,” Dean said trying to keep his voice steady. “You ever uh...you know...use one before?”
Had circumstances been different, Castiel might have laughed at the expression on Dean’s face as they ducked through the hallways of the fortress, avoiding the guards where they could. Those they could not avoid did not suspect anything, not yet at least. The prince and his mate were obviously going somewhere, what was suspect about that? The news that Castiel was carrying a nephilim had obviously not been announced yet, or else they wouldn’t have been able to move for congratulations. As it was they moved as easily as they ever did, smiling at those who passed them so as not to arouse suspicion. He wasn't sure how nobody could hear his heart hammering in his chest, surely it had never been so loud.
“We both know I do,” Castiel said, moving closer even though Dean had not turned to him at all. “I am sorry, Dean. I didn’t mean to snap and I know you’re only worried about me, even though there isn’t anything to be worried about.”
“You’ll hurt yourself,” Castiel sighed, softly, and that was enough to apparently bring Sam back to reality.
" Dean barked, and with only the slightest hesitation Cas slipped into the chair next to him, still unable to meet either of their eyes. With impressive restraint, Dean swivelled in his chair so he was looking at Cas. When he spoke, his voice was painfully controlled, drawn so tight he sounded like he might snap at a moment’s notice. "What's going on?"
“It’s all quite different in Heaven,” he continued as though he were musing on nothing more consequential than the weather. “When angels did such things, the emphasis was always on the bond between a mated pair more than physical release, even when a bond was formed for breeding purposes. I suppose if I am to experience a heat in this form it would make sense to be prepared for the sexual elements that come with it.”
“No. Someone opened my eyes to the opportunity I have before me, a new life in a new place that I can make my own.”
“If he gets loose or he won’t go along with it them knowing where we are will be the least of our problems,” Castiel said, grimly. He knew he wasn’t exactly assuring Dean, but then the situation had been hopeless from the start. Their plan was ridiculous, bordering on insanity having worked in several shades of impossible and yet… Castiel’s hand wandered of its own volition to his abdomen… It would work, he thought fiercely. Dean must have caught the drift of his thoughts for he looked up, determination flashing behind his eyes.
“Of course I didn’t, you think I would have put us through all that if I’d known? You didn’t tell me you were the prince!”
Dean closes his eyes tight and takes a breath, forcing himself to calm down, forcing himself to slow the train of thoughts threatening to run away with him. Instead, he focuses on the warmth that seems to rush through his body.
. He couldn’t remember how he might have ended up overboard. There was an explosion for sure, the certain hit of a cannonball striking the port side, but in his mind, he was sure that such a thing would have blown him into the deck. Not that his memory could be trusted, especially given the blow he’d received. Castiel let himself relax into the cot, “My compliments to your gunner,” he muttered, “That was an excellent shot.”
Some commotion on the other side of the transport distracted him and he glanced over his shoulder to see several of the crew pointing and discussing one of the other ships at port. They stepped aside when Castiel approached them and one of them gestured that he should look through the glass.
“Well, you two look...cosy,” he said, folding his arms as though he were being left out of a conspiracy.
“Summon and trap an archangel,” Castiel said again, assuming that Dean hadn’t heard him. “We were discussing means of closing the gateway from Hell into Purgatory. I think our only feasible option would be to have the angels do it for us, seeing as they’re already on the offensive there.”
“You came over with the Novak party, didn’t you? You’re not just new to the area, you’re new to the order. So...your family think you’d do better in a bigger temple and sent you over with the prince’s lot?”
There was another hesitation before the rustle returned as the assembled guests all bowed low before their new king and then, of course, the trumpeters engaged in yet another fanfare. Castiel caught Dean’s gaze and they both rolled their eyes, sharing a chuckle.
Dean followed his gaze, even though he had no clue what the guy’s brothers looked like so it wasn’t like he could have spotted them. “You uh...you wanna wait for them inside? I’ll fix you up with some coffee?” Dean offered, wondering how the guy hadn’t needed to sit down yet.
“Wait...you’re going to do it here?” Dean asked, gesturing to their decrepit surroundings. “Won’t that tip our hand? If he gets loose or if he won’t go along with it then they’ll know where we are.”
“Dean,” Sam called, drawing his attention to the door they’d left through where the djinn...the queen...was crossing the lot towards them.
He broke into an insincere smile, “Welcome, I believe I’m having dinner with your brother tomorrow. Raphael is your senior I believe?”
Balthazar remained, regarding Castiel with something close to a smile, “You’re going to have to talk to him, Cassie,” the nickname never failed to cause Castiel to flinch, “It’s practically mutiny he’s talking.”
Dean shook his head, scrubbing a hand over his face as though he could banish the sense of hopelessness that seemed to permeate the air around them and had done since they had crossed into the Southern lands. “Alright, come on, I can’t wait to introduce you to Sam.”
Sam opened his mouth, but Cas cut him off. “Sam will tell you,” he said, more to Sam than anyone else, “But, if you’ll excuse me, I think I’m going to rest.”
Clarence rolled his eyes something about the gesture endearing him even more to Dean. Despite his initial reticence, Clarence took the cake and took a small bite. Dean watched his entire face light up at the taste, he dropped his head back and let out a sigh of pure delight, “Michael!” he breathed, “this is amazing.”
“Huh,” Dean murmured, “I always thought monsters were a side effect of The Tribulation. All part of the ‘humans got too full of themselves and mocked God” package deal.”
Even when the man spoke with Clarence’s voice, tripping over the name that only he could have known, Dean didn’t believe it. This was a joke, a cruel joke, though he couldn’t imagine who would do something like this or why. He waited for Missouri to intervene, to demand Castiel come forward, but instead, she gestured for them both to approach the altar, her soft voice quiet but commanding enough to be heard throughout the temple as she spoke about the importance of commitment.
“We wouldn’t want that,” Castiel said, with the faint hint of laughter in his voice. Dean had already decided that Castiel’s laugh was his favourite sound in the world. Castiel reached over and started massaging Dean’s neck as best he could at such an angle with one hand and Dean groaned at the relief it offered. Everything about Castiel was his favourite thing in the world.
Disentangling himself from Dean was relatively easy, though leaving him was somewhat harder. For a long time, Castiel couldn’t help but look at him, tracing the edge of his jawline with gentle fingers, occasionally pressing a kiss to his forehead, his cheek, his eyes...just one more. Always one more. What Gods had smiled upon him to have granted him a union with such a mate?
was offering himself up so readily. His blood was a loud rush in his ears, his heart pounding somewhere in his throat and he was dimly aware of the red encroaching his irises. He pulled back from Castiel, only to lose himself once more when he saw that the blue of Castiel’s eyes had begun bleeding into omega gold.
“Alright, alright,” Dean sighed, brushing himself down, trying to remove the creases that Castiel had caused in his robes. Not that he particularly minded them. “Let’s check out our new home and then...” he broke off and swallowed hard, unable to finish the thought process for fear of embarrassing himself.
Certainly, Sam looked much better for a wash, however brief, and a change of clothes. He looked so different he felt the need to introduce himself anew to Castiel, reaching out to shake his hand as though they hadn’t already done so. Castiel didn’t shy away from the contact, frowning a little against the touch, trying to place what it was he could sense. Sam saw him frown and quickly dropped his hand again, pointing beyond the gate somewhere, showing where they needed to go, as Adam brought round the horses.
looked deceptively peaceful compared to her captain’s mindset as he stepped from the carriage. This time tomorrow
“So...none of this,” Dean waved his hand at the general state of...things, “None of this had anything to do with humans pissing off God?”
Sam sighed the long-suffering sigh of a younger brother and started again. “I was saying we should go out, get some drinks...” he raised his eyebrows at Dean, but whatever message he was trying to convey didn’t quite make itself known and Dean looked at him, confused. He sighed again, “I’m trying to take you out, see if you can’t hook up with someone.”
Something of a frown passed over Roman’s features but Castiel was still smiling as he released his hand and stepped into the room, without waiting to be dismissed. He could feel Roman’s stare burning into the back of his neck, but he didn’t turn around, walking through to the banqueting hall, holding himself as though his surroundings were practically offensive.
Cas fell against Dean, panting heavily against his neck, neither of them particularly caring about the mess they’d made of each other, or that in falling into it, Cas had only spread it further across their abdomens. Dean’s hands trailed along Cas’ back, soothing gentle patterns across it as Cas kissed his jaw, his neck, the shell of his ear.
’ in the back of his throat which showed that he wasn’t actually bothered about the distance. “Gabriel says I can stay at his place. He’s not too far from the National Park and I’ve always wanted to stargaze there. I was thinking this would be the perfect opportunity, especially as Gabriel won’t actually be there to annoy the hell out of me. But...” Then came the lip biting again. He glanced at Dean’s television that had been set up where both of them could see it since day one. It hadn’t been on at that time, but Dean had figured out what he was referring to fairly quickly. After all, it had been the same thing on the news for weeks now.
They were not the centre of attention for very long, as the musicians continued and people stepped onto the floor, forming lines for the sake of traditional dances. Dean drew back from Castiel, who was still standing with his eyes closed, a small smile playing on his lips and as Dean moved away, he pulled him back in to kiss him again.
Cas was silent for a time, so long in fact that Dean wondered if he might have offended him but when he chanced a look over he found that Cas was simply mulling over the question.
Alfie. Castiel was looking up into the face of the most beautiful man he’d ever seen, with eyes so green Castiel could taste apples. His lips were moving, but it took Castiel a few moments to realise that the man was actually speaking, speaking to him no less, but the words washed over him as insubstantial as air.
While he was down there, Dean did actually check that they had enough milk before he stood up again. “Look, Sam. I appreciate it, I do. I’m really happy that you and Eileen are happy, but you don’t have to keep trying to find domestic bliss for me, okay?” He spread his arms, gesturing to the coffee shop, “I got my shop, I bake my pies, I like my apartment. I’m okay, really.”
Any other courtier would never have allowed the surprise to show on their face, but Benny and Dean had known each other too long and too well to have such pretences between them. Benny tucked it into his pocket and gave a short bow, heading off to find the prince immediately. Dean watched him go before he closed the door and leaned against it, heavily. He couldn’t even remember what he’d written. But he'd gotten back and couldn’t stop thinking about what Clarence had said, about how the Novak prince would have been brought here with less say in the proceedings than Dean had had, away from his family, his homeland. So he’d put pen to paper, blabbering something about how welcome he was here and how in Dean he’d hopefully find a friendly spouse if not a loving one. It was the best he could offer. Now that the letter had left his hands he felt stupid for it, so when the knock came at the door he practically yanked it off its hinges in his haste to open it, grateful that Benny had no doubt realised that this was a monumentally bad idea.
Somehow, Queenie managed to get her hand around the ankle of the djinn still wrestling with Sam and Dean didn’t know what it was she did to him but he fell away writhing on the floor giving Sam a perfect opportunity to take him out. And then there were two which hardly seemed like any trouble at all and as Dean ganked the last one he saw that Cas’ hand was pressed firmly against the djinn leader’s face, glowing as though it might exorcise him. It probably didn’t but he slumped to the ground regardless and then there was just the four of them and Cas was free.
, Dean had argued, then Cas would have missed his chance to see something that he obviously wanted to, in a place he’d always wanted to visit. And what kind of best friend in the world would Dean be if he let an opportunity like that pass him by?
“I’m awake,” he insisted, his eyes open now from the surprise, though he regretted opening them when he saw the water in which he sat. “Oh, that’s disgusting.”
Dean took his hand, wordlessly, a little dazed from what had happened, but anything he was going to say was lost as three more demons stepped towards them. They were lesser demons, the kind that would struggle to blend in among humans, their eyes were too black, their bodies too wasted, but they could still pack a punch. Dean looked around for his knife but Castiel took a step in front of him as though to shield him from the demons.
The other side’s leader, the one who had started all this in motion, the one Cas had flung to the ground and thought dead...was not dead. He had a blade of his own and ridiculously Dean’s first thought was that it looked almost fancy as it glowed at his touch. Like something out of Lord of the Rings or Moondoor. Even though it had caught him by surprise, Dean had been hunting things and saving people for long enough that his body reacted instinctively, placing itself between the djinn and their victims even though he knew they wouldn’t be the target.
Dean held out the letter, sealed with his own device, the device he’d be allowed to use as of today once he took the throne. “Could you take this to my-” the word died on his tongue. Affianced? Intended? Future husband? “-to the Novak prince, please?”
Cas’ mouth eases off him but his fingers keep him grounded, keeping him from drifting off the mortal plane and into new levels of bliss. Trailing kisses along his naval, Cas works his way up his chest, his neck, back to his lips, around his jaw to the shell of his ear. He hooks the lobe of Dean’s ear between his teeth and Dean discovers that he has a new kink or something because no one has ever done that but it is
There were several things Dean had imagined. He had imagined a night of tender lovemaking where he would learn how to take his husband apart again and again. He imagined how they would pace themselves so they would not be mated until dawn found them, still wrapped in each other’s arms having teased each other all night. He would learn how his husband liked to be pleased. If Dean was to take him in his mouth what noises would he make? Would his fingers tangle into Dean’s hair? Would he tug harshly when Dean swallowed around him or would he be silent, with only his breathing to betray the depth of his pleasure? He would still be wearing his crown, would he look down, his eyes following every movement Dean made or would he throw his head back, his eyes closed against his husband’s ministrations. He dared to imagine Castiel presenting, allowing Dean to kiss his way across his ass, his tongue tasting the first taste of slick…
It was all so different to the war along the Angelic front. There the warriors would be summoned to battle by a single blast of a horn. There was no scrambling, no chaos. Even their armour would be gleaming, polished between skirmishes by the cherubim who never saw the front lines. Castiel remembered remarking once to one of his brothers that war was an ugly thing, but compared to the way the humans were forced to fight; exhausted in armour that looked as though it hadn’t been repaired for months let alone cleaned, scrambling for order by what little light the torches provided, choked as they were by air thick with hellfire.
Castiel raised the glass and followed where Dean was pointing. There was a ship in the distance, flying Roman’s flag and making a damned poor show of turning from the pirates that had sighted them. They must have been caught by surprise.
Queenie had said...she’d said that Cas loved him. That he had only ever been interested in her because she had something that Dean wanted. And now, with his “wife” lying on the floor, struggling to push herself up, it was to Dean Cas went. Breezing past her as though she wasn’t there.
Clarence wrung the hood out again and still chuckling he held it out to Dean. “May I interest you in something that won’t even remotely help in drying you?”
It was something of an irony that when the soldiers had returned to the fortress it seemed quieter for it. But then, they were as exhausted as their leaders and were only interested in falling into their beds or dragging themselves to the infirmary, where they promptly fell asleep under the doctor’s ministrations. It saved on sedatives at any rate. There were men on watch, of course, but they seemed to be conducting themselves as quietly as humanly possible, stepping lightly on their rounds, trying to make as little noise as possible.
“It sounds like a plan to me. Better than anything else we’ve got,” Dean muttered. Cas didn’t say anything, but his eyes were bright and his hands tight around Dean’s.
The flush of pleasure that warmed Dean from the core whenever he heard anyone refer to Cas as his husband was not enough to stop the fury from rising within him and he was on the very edge of doing something he would very much regret when the door opened from the other side and Cas stepped forward to hold him.
With a roll of his eyes, Castiel straightened his uniform, “It seems the Admiral does not appreciate the reputation of his friends impugned.”
For a moment, Castiel felt as though he might have gone too far. But then the admiral’s eyes narrowed, dangerously so, and he stepped towards the fireplace. It wasn’t lit at this hour, not with the heat being what it was. There was a candle burning atop it though and Castiel was hardly surprised when Zachariah lifted his report to the flame, throwing it into the grate once it had caught.
as if in response three bolts of lightning struck the ground only a little beyond the window at which Dean was standing. Behind him, the dog...wolf...
He held out his hand and Cas hesitated only for a second before he took it and let Dean lead him to the ticket gate.
There was an obvious path leading from the beach, through some woodland, probably leading into whatever village or town existed on the island, but that was not the way Dean led them. Instead, they ducked into the woods, following a trail that only the Winchesters seemed to know, pausing every few moments so he and Sam could listen out for something. Castiel had no idea from what they were hiding, or why they would need to sneak around the place that Sam had called their home.
It didn't have to be, of course. If he told Cas he was going to pack it all in he couldn't imagine his husband actually minding. He could pull over right now and call the number on the sign. Sure, it wasn’t as easy as all that but this was a fleeting fantasy and reality played no part in it.
Deliberately, Dean dropped to one knee and buried himself in checking the refrigerator under the counter, so that Sam couldn’t see his expression. There had been someone since Lisa, two someones in fact, but Sam didn’t know about them. Dean opened his mouth to protest, but even out of sight Sam knew it was coming.
“Probably means they’re gonna strike on the spot,” Benny called out, but still Castiel wasn’t convinced.
“No, I mean- I expected him to be annoyed, but this is something else. I’ve not seen him this withdrawn since Dad died.”
He’s not sure what he expects Cas’ response to be but he certainly doesn’t expect him to nuzzle closer and whisper, “we really can.”
‘Rooms’ was something of an understatement. An entire wing of the palace had been refurbished for the newlyweds, though thankfully Mary’s hand was everywhere and all was tasteful and understated. Dean knew that tradition ran to ostentatious decorations, huge golden vases filled with flowers of glass and silk, or chandeliers draped with crystals and quartz. He still remembered how his mother spoke of the water feature that had been installed when she had married his father. A huge, garish thing that apparently symbolised fertility and love. She had it removed before the wedding celebrations had ended.
“Give or take,” Cas said, unable to stop a smile from spreading across his lips, a definite twinkle in his eyes.
“It’s okay, Sam,” he said, firmly, “It’s going to be okay. We’re going to get you through this and you’re going to lead your men without needing this...
Dean’s head felt as though it were splitting open. Everything was dark. The kind of blackness that made him wonder if he had actually died. Death was supposed to be silent, an absence of everything but the noise was unbearable and the pain was incredibly present. Not that he could move to alleviate it, he couldn’t even feel where the pain was. Everything hurt. Everything was loud. It was all too much but there was no escape.
He’d seen the advert for the charity ball in the local paper at work the following day. A black-tie masquerade ball, something entirely unlike anything Dean and Castiel had ever done before so there could be no mistaking it for a normal night out. His hands trembled slightly, causing ripples on the surface of Dean’s coffee. As Castiel crossed the floor, Dean looked up at him and smiled, a smile that filled Castiel with warmth and his hands steadied. Mostly.
Ever defensive of his brothers, Dean’s immediate reaction was to jump in, demanding to know why he would want to know such a thing, but he forced himself to pause. To take a breath. This was Cas, his mate, Cas was not looking for a reason to attack Sam. He was just asking a question. And actually, now that Cas mentioned it, Sam had seemed a little...
Gently he brought them around knowing from experience that they would be groggy rather than hurt. They’d run them to a hospital on their way back. They’d probably just need some fluids, a good night sleep and maybe a good cover story that involved some deranged psycho rather than monsters bartering an angel for the Garden of Eden.
“I take it back, you’re both gross,” Sam groaned. He’d almost turned away when he remembered to point at Dean, “and remember, you’re cooking. I’m not bailing you out tonight.”
In the mess everyone was falling over themselves, in some cases literally, to congratulate Castiel on his excellent seamanship. He waved them off, but he couldn’t help but grin under their open affection. Someone mussed his hair, another braced his arm across his shoulder and gave him an exaggerated kiss on the cheek. The most he’d ever received by way of thanks in the Navy was the one time Balthazar had said, ‘bloody good show’ when they’d successfully negotiated a hurricane and the note of commendation from the admiralty for the “satisfactory and successful discharge of his duty” catching pirates in the Mediterranean. Jo had all but jumped on him, even though it had been one of her gun crews that had pummelled Leviathan into submission. Ellen had already laid out two bowls for Castiel to take back to Dean’s cabin, but before she passed them over to him, she leaned over and tapped his face, affectionately. “You did good,” she said, smiling at him the way a mother might. Not Castiel’s mother, of course, Castiel couldn’t remember if she had ever smiled, let alone look at him the way Ellen was.
There were two men in the hallway, the guard who had delivered Prince Dean’s letter and another man, a much taller man, who was dressed in robes almost as fine as Castiel’s. Neither of them had seen him leave his chambers and their heads were bowed in hushed conversation. The taller man ran his hand through wavy hair that flopped down immediately into his eyes despite the motion.
Cas’ chest is firm beneath his touch, his lips, and he takes a long while to explore those hips that have begged to be explored every time Cas’ shirt has ridden up. He feels like he could cut himself on them but that doesn’t stop Dean diving in, letting Cas chase his touch. He wants to know everything Cas likes. Everything that drives him crazy. But it might take a while. Right now Cas is mad for his touch, pulling him close and reaching for him with Dean’s name falling from his lips.
“You remember the rules?” Dean asked, as he asked every single morning and it was a testament to how worn the routine was that Sam nodded and said, ‘Yes, Dean,’ without a hint of argument, even though of course he knew, the rules hadn’t changed since yesterday, or the day before, or any of the seven hundred and forty-seven days since they came to this sector. “Don’t talk to strangers. Keep to the patrolled routes. Don’t mention Meg. Come straight home after classes-”
He drops the suitcase into the trunk of his Lincoln and slips into the driving seat. If anyone looks for him, they’ll find a man debating whether or not to cut his vacation short and drive off. He takes out his phone and pulls up the security footage from the front of the hotel. He wants to know which car Michael arrived in. He isn’t expecting Michael to elude them. Not both him and Dean, but they’ve never gotten this close before and Castiel doesn’t want to take any chances.
Balthazar narrowing his eyes. “Why? What have you done?” He followed Castiel into his cabin, though Castiel didn’t seem to mind. Alfie came rushing through the door, a little breathless from the unexpected urgency. Castiel couldn’t actually remember the last time he’d had to actively send for his steward, he was usually just
Cas’ eyes were never more beautiful than when they burned with the light of a hundred stars. In his more poetical moments Dean likened him to an angel his eyes turned heavenward as though searching for his home. It was the only way one could explain such perfection.
Cas didn’t seem in the least bit surprised by the news. “That makes sense. Angels stopped caring about such distinctions long before the humans even conceived the written word.”
Folding his arms, Dean fixed him with what he hoped was his most glaring glare. “You’re not filling me with confidence right now.”
,” Michael said, emphatically, stepping back into Castiel’s personal space, his hand back on Castiel’s shoulder. “Or it can be a fresh start. I know it’s not what you wanted for yourself but...does it have to be all bad? You’ve gotten away from your family at least, no offence but they sound like dicks. You’ll make new friends and some of them might actually be okay. It might not be what you want, but it’s an opportunity at least?”
“You just want me for my pie,” Dean grins, throwing into the cart everything he’d need for several pie crusts.
Dean took a sip of the coffee, licking his lips in a motion that Castiel certainly didn't track as close as his sight would allow. "Well, yeah, this is a fancy gig, gotta look my best," he added a wink for good measure and it was a miracle Castiel hadn't collapsed into a puddle on the floor.
Dean looked back from the window to where his brother, Sam, was sitting on the other side of the counter, nursing a particularly large coffee.
There was a man standing on the sidewalk just in front of the right-hand window seat of Dean’s coffee shop. From his view at the shop’s counter, Dean could see that he was tall, had hair that looked like the guy had run his hand through it every few minutes since he’d gotten up and he definitely hadn’t been there a moment ago. Dean had been taking advantage of the usual post-lunch lull in customers to clean the machines. Doing so gave him a clear view out of the front windows onto the side-walk and granted, he hadn’t been paying particular attention to the passers-by but he was fairly sure he would have noticed the guy in the tan trench coat come to a stop, from behind Dean liked what he saw. As it was, he hadn’t seen anything and was starting to wonder how the guy could have appeared from thin air when his brother’s voice called his attention away.
Castiel would have liked to have been reassured, he would have liked to thank Sam for his kind words. But any reply he was about to make died on his tongue as a fanfare went up and Sam straightened at their cue.
Dean stared at him, his eyes vacant. Cas could say what he wanted, but it would be a long time before he forgave himself for this. If he ever did.
“I just,” Michael hung his head and he was so close that Castiel could smell the lingering scent of soap on his hair. He breathed it in, deeply, for reasons that he could not place, or at least reasons he would not acknowledge. Not even to himself. “I sort of assumed that your family wanted what was best for you...Maybe...maybe this could be a good thing for you?”
Dean would cook. A house like that would have a nice size kitchen and there would definitely be space behind it for a grill. Sam and Rowena would come over for cookouts and they weren’t too far from Jody and the girls either. He could get to know Donna a little better and her sunny smile would always be welcome in the house that hadn’t been touched by a hunt.
Castiel covered one of his hands with his own. “Sam. It’s killing you.” Sam barely flinched, as though he knew it to be true. “Even Dean has noticed you’re not yourself and you haven’t been for a long time-” a thought struck him and he lowered his voice. “When you came home for the taming...were you taking it then?”
“Well, yes,” Cas offered, “As I said, the angels employ several techniques you could use here. I’d be happy to show you.”
“Dean, your brother Sam...” Cas said, casually, but Dean frowned. He could hear how careful Cas was being, as though he were forcing himself to be deliberately nonchalant. “Does he seem...entirely well to you?”
crazy. Somehow the idea of walking into Hell seemed almost sane compared to the prospect of summoning an archangel into a trap in an attempt to coerce them into helping them. But that’s what they were doing. Their bags were packed with what was hopefully enough food to get them into Hell, though what they were going to do on the journey back was anyone’s guess. Whether the archangel helped them or not, they were going into Hell.
that in his next report to the Admiralty he was going to have to explain how his first and second lieutenants had been killed or injured in a duel that had started in
A tense silence settled over them all and Dean found himself reaching for Cas even though they were already as close as they physically could be. “I won’t let them take you.”
Hearing such things was clearly a new experience for Dean and he flushed bright red, stumbling over a response, “Yeah well...your face is...everything...” he trailed off, but they both laughed anyway. Eventually, Dean sighed, “So, you go back to your uniform and I stay here...raiding uppity merchants and trying to rebuild.”
It took some adjusting before they found a way to lie beside each other, with Castiel’s head resting on Dean’s shoulder as Dean traced reverent patterns across his skin. There were kisses, many of them, long after the candles had burned down and the only light came from the moon reflected beyond the water. At times, Castiel couldn’t tell if he was dreaming or not, for surely he had never been this happy in the waking world.
“His husband?” Dean asks as he reaches for one of the folders they actually keep a paper copy of. “Is he here?”
Dean’s ears pricked when he heard the low rumble of an engine outside. Cas was still asleep but Dean froze, listening to the distinct sound of a car parking and doors slamming. Dean hadn’t brought his gun into this room,
“I’m taking Cas,” Dean said, bluntly, in a tone that Castiel had never heard from him before but had used himself when he was done discussing an issue with a subordinate.
The journey through the tunnel seemed to take longer than the first time Castiel had been this way, but that was probably the result of his nerves more than anything else. There was no chance of them losing their way, it was a straight passage, dusty and neglected, but serviceable enough. Eventually, they came to the other end, a stone staircase almost identical to the one that they had entered by. Without hesitation, Castiel pushed open the door that would lead them out of the tunnel, pausing only to check they were in the right place before he reached back to help Dean out.
Castiel was still staring at the point of the horizon where the island had been, even though it had long since disappeared from view when he realised that Dean was beside him, and from the way his eyes were dancing, he’d obviously been there for some time.
whenever they go stargazing as though Dean has any comprehension of the beauty above them. He’s always too transfixed by the beauty in front of him to notice. That said, he has to admit, the first time Cas pointed out Jupiter to him was pretty cool. And not just because Cas had leaned in close, his hands on Dean’s shoulders to do so.
“Thank you,” Dean beamed, leaning in to kiss him and breaking off when the horse gave a frustrated whinny behind them. “Alright,” he laughed, turning back to her, “Alright, forgive me.” He reached up and started brushing down the horse again, she shook her head with a snort of satisfaction.
“He did, he really did!” Sam had to pause while the two of them laughed until they could barely stand. “So he lands on deck, throws the knife into the mainmast and tells Benny to give chase and we’re all screaming that he’s completely ruined the mainsail. We can’t go anywhere until we’ve rigged up a new one and the other ship is long gone before we’ve even got the canvas down.”
Dean doesn’t bother to swallow down the laugh that threatens to escape him and kicks a cupboard closed behind him as he crosses the room to help Cas. As soon as his fingers curl around the red velvet comforter he regrets it, pulling a face that makes Cas laugh at him. Naturally, Dean flips him off before his eyes fall on the side-table beside the bed.
His eyes fell on the island and he was grimly reminded that though he wasn’t the captain, he still had responsibilities. He could not forget what he had seen on the island, what Dean had told him of Roman’s activities, activities that the admiralty was unknowingly supporting in their patronage of him. In his mind, Castiel started drawing up a plan of what he could do. The first step would be to notify the admiral that had brought him out here in the first place. No doubt, he would want to launch an investigation into Castiel’s claims, perhaps Castiel himself could volunteer to lead it.
Cas looked like he might want to say it back but it was lost as his breath picked up. His hand tightened around Dean’s and Dean didn’t even care that he could feel his bones breaking. Cas screamed and then fell silent again, trying to catch his breath.
Clarence gave a small shrug, “In theory at least. There’re legends of ou- of the Novak ancestors being ice elementals, but in practice, all it means is that all the emblems of the kingdom are related to winter. I imagine it’s the same for the Winchester family in that regard.”
In truth, Castiel had not mentioned Adam’s contributions to Dean, but that was only because he had not prepared for Dean to agree so readily and easily before he had the chance to. Not that Dean would argue against praising his brother. And Adam looked so proud of himself, Castiel allowed himself the smallest of falsehoods. Dean trusted Castiel and Adam had helped, therefore Dean trusted Adam, whether he had voiced it or not.
“Come on, sweetheart, let’s get you lying down,” Dean muttered, bracing Cas across the shoulders and steering him towards the cabin.
Castiel looked over it carefully. He hadn’t realised he was grinning until Adam brought it to his attention, though by the time Castiel looked up, it was clear Adam had been trying to get his attention for some time.
They had tried everything, they’d petitioned the governor, written to the admiral, but nobody wanted to hear a word against the charming man who looked so fine at their parties. For years they had tried to do things the ‘right way’, but nobody would listen. It had taken a long time to build a crew they could trust, a crew that believed in the rightness of their cause, but they had managed it. And now, they would hit every ship bearing Roman’s flag. They would destroy anyone that flew under his colours and take back what belonged to the island, what had been taken from the people. They had hoped that they could have caused enough commotion that people would start to look at Roman, instead, he had just paid off the admiralty to send one of their best pirate catchers.
“Blessed be the Norm, Benny,” Dean said smoothly, catching sight of their captain’s dishevelled head bent over a desk. “Blessed be the Norm, Cas,” he called over, but the guy only waved his hand tiredly, mumbling something that was probably the appropriate response and Dean couldn’t help but smile fondly. Even that might have been a familiarity too far, he was the guy Dean always had to be on guard around, no pun intended. A stickler for the rules, he looked like he’d never laughed a day in his life, in short the complete opposite of Dean. But he was also kind of adorable in the way he was overworked and seemed constantly tired as a result, which was why Dean could chuckle that he hadn’t even graced them with the proper response in full this morning when he usually insisted on it.
Dean hasn’t gone for Cas’ boxers yet even though he can see his hardness straining against them. He doesn’t avoid it though and as he kisses his way across Cas’ naval, he allows his chest to brush against him. Cas looks like he could come on the spot, his fingers tight in Dean’s hair and his voice lower than Dean has ever heard it.
“Dean,” he said, softly, appreciating the moment for the first time since Ezekiel had said the words, “Our baby is a nephilim.” He stifled the giggle that was born from pure joy rather than any amusement at the situation.
“We-” Dean tripped over the words. Sam might still mean what he said even if he hadn’t known what he was talking about. “We...me and Cas...we’re...y’know…?”
“Cassie, for God’s sake take your break and sit down!” Gabriel snapped from the counter and Castiel realised that he was still standing next to the table, wringing his hands nervously in front of his apron, even though Dean had said yes.
He was content to lie there breathing in his mate, his cheek pressed against Cas’ stomach where their family was beginning.
Dean wasn’t entirely sure what was going on, this didn’t seem to be anything to do with the heat but who was he to deny his mate who all but dragged him back into the nest? Cas landed heavily on Dean, pushing him down onto the bed, sealing their lips together and moaning into Dean’s mouth as they rutted against each other.
Dean was always the first to say that he loved Castiel’s voice and at first Castiel hadn’t understood it. But then Dean would speak, low and hushed, right beside his ear as his lips ghosted over his neck and Castiel found he understood quite well after all.
Dean grabbed his glass and saw that the captain’s gig was being launched, complete with its crew of liveried rowers. His eyes were drawn to the man in the uniform, a smart coat and hat, but...there was something wrong with the picture. It didn’t look like Cas. He tried to level his breathing, aware that his heart was thundering so hard in his ears, the crew might mistake it for another call to action.
sleeping next to Dean. Given how long he had lived, Castiel had thought there was little that could surprise him. Finding out the simple delight in being lulled to sleep by the rise and fall of his mate’s chest, the steady softness of his breathing only to wake again, refreshed to find Dean exactly where he’d left him or smiling down at him, his hair mussed from where it had lain against the pillow, had been an unexpected pleasure. That was to say nothing of his dreams.
“That was-” he started, trying to catch his breath, but Castiel only beamed back at him, his eyes slowly bleeding back to blue. “That was-”
“Look,” he unrolled one of the longer letters and held it next to a page where he’d apparently drawn columns indicating the strength of various armies. “The demons use their strongest forces against Heaven and their weakest for us. But what they lack in strength, they make up for in numbers. They’re so relentless they chip away at us gradually instead of Heaven which they’ve been trying to take in huge offences.”
“I thought you would have too,” Castiel said evenly, wondering if it would sound too patronising to remind the boy that he needed his rest. By human standards, he had yet to finish his growth and sleep was apparently an essential component of such a thing.
They manage to find some bedsheets and Cas decides he’s going to just outright buy some new blankets, claiming he’d rather burn the velvet mess waiting for them at their temporary home. Dean doesn’t disagree. Personally, he’d be on board to help Cas burn the entire bed. Gabriel might consider that something of an overstep for people he’d allowed to stay in his home, but...the bed.
is still in port, I’m waiting on Balthazar and your Raphael to arrive so we can start the proceedings. It shouldn’t take long and then you’ll be back fighting pirates as God intended.” Zachariah sat back, almost thoughtfully in his chair, “I suppose you saw
“I’ll be fine,” Dean rasps, knowing that wherever he sleeps he is not going to be fine. He tries to shift himself into a position that may not be comfortable but it might at least allow him to fall asleep when his shin cracks off the arm of the couch and he can’t stop the small yelp of pain escaping him.
“Alright, we’re going to lead them away from you...I guess, uh...” he looked between Cas and his brother, wondering what it was he was supposed to say. “Good luck, I guess?” Decidedly, it was not that and Dean practically steered him out of the door, managing to maintain enough politeness to watch him and Rowena pull away.
“Captain coming aboard!” someone shouted and Castiel gave them a moment to collect themselves. He wasn’t a tyrant that would pull himself up and berate them for not giving a proper welcome, in fact, he was thoroughly amused by the whole thing.
There were no djinn around the barn. It was quiet, so quiet Dean wondered if maybe he’d gotten it wrong. Maybe Cas wasn’t here. Maybe Cas didn’t even remember this place. But then Queenie had said...and if that was true then surely he-
Frowning, Dean thought for a moment. “He’s okay...I think. There’ve been a lot of changes, he’s still getting used to some of them.”
“Forgive me,” Castiel breathed, “I’m being ridiculous, everything about this is ridiculous. I don’t even know what I was thinking. Even if I could get back to my homeland it’s not like my family want me...”
“I believe the captain invited me to dine in his cabin?” Castiel said, lightly, after Dean had completely failed to let him in. Dean cleared his throat and shook his head, as though it would be enough to stop him staring and stepped to the side, letting Castiel pass at last.
Dean sighed throwing the more expensive of the two into the cart - after all, it wasn't as though it was his money. “Heat pads. They can help with cramps.”
“It was hardly difficult,” Castiel drawled and he saw a flicker, just a flicker, of surprise cross Roman’s features.
Benny flushed and looked away while Dean laughed, a little too loudly, a little too giddy. “I like him.”
For a brief moment, Castiel lamented the time he’d spent preparing his uniform only to discard it almost as soon as he had entered Dean’s cabin. He had said as much to Dean come morning as the two of them had prepared to go on deck and he’d donned it again, brushing the dust off it, wondering why he hadn’t just hung it up like a normal person would, instead of dropping it to the ground.
’ Castiel wanted to say, but that would have been needlessly cruel. It was for him Dean was worried after all. “Safe enough,” he said, eventually, hating the way that Dean’s face fell at the admission. Hating that there was nothing more he could say or do to reassure him. Dean squeezed his hand anyway and Castiel revelled in its simple comfort.
Castiel was surprised to see Roman make a beeline for him when he’d finished speaking, there was something smug about his face, but Castiel kept his face neutral, not revealing his confusion.
There was a smattering of excited cheers across the deck which were quickly lost as the marines began drumming out a steady rhythm, alerting anyone who might have missed what they were doing, to attend to their battle stations. Even though it had been months since they had seen any action, the hasty routine of falling into position was second nature to the crew and it was but a matter of minutes before the cannons had been rolled out and secured, the gunners already priming them to better land their shots.
Cas caught Dean’s eye, an unspoken desire for permission to continue. He didn’t need it but they were in this together. Dean gave an almost imperceptible nod and watched as Cas checked and double checked the trap they’d drawn on the floor without getting too close. If it could trap an archangel it could probably do worse to Cas.
.’ Castiel chuckled, pausing when Dean looked up at him, questioningly. “Given that you spend your career in books you certainly make a point to know how to kill everything, especially that which doesn’t exist.”
“You look good when you drive,” Cas said when they’d parked, his voice sounding louder now that the low rumble of the engine had cut off. “It suits you.”
It was Sam ignoring Eileen to immediately berate his brother for his poor timekeeping and then regretting he had even opened his mouth when he saw the unmistakable closeness of the two that could only come from a shared afterglow. It was Claire and Kaia launching into lewd jokes and innuendos kids shouldn’t have even known of let alone spoken. Dean had picked them up during a sweep of the Fringes. They were in love and could have passed it off as anything, but Claire had a fiery temper and a mouth to match. The fact that they’d even survived as long as they had with her attitude had earned them a place in the bunker over anything else.
“Back to the gate,” Gabriel called over his shoulder and let the regiment lead them through the forest. A few of them glanced back to Castiel but Gabriel glowered at them and they soon fell back into position.
Castiel allowed himself to breathe a sigh of relief. His hand covered his bump and Dean’s hand covered that. They rested their heads against each other and smiled.
Dean Winchester had learned a long time ago that the key to successfully hiding out and blending into normal society was routine. It might make them seem boring, but better to be unassuming and slip under the radar of most people than draw attention to themselves. His alarm went off as it did every morning, two hours before the mid-morning watch. He could stand to wake up a little earlier, Sam was always on his case too, but he liked the lie in and could justify it given that he worked into the evenings.
Cas looks so peaceful when he sleeps. His default expression is usually a frown except around Dean that is. With Dean, he’s always laughing, always smiling. It’s not that he’s miserable otherwise but...no one makes him laugh like Dean. It’s something Dean has always treasured in the small part of his heart where he allows himself to think about Cas like that. Along with the way Cas looks up at the stars as if he can see something wondrous that no one else sees. The way he always groans at the first bite of the burgers Dean makes. The way he always makes sure to ask after Sam and knows Dean’s brother’s schedule better than Dean knows his own.
“I should hope not,” he murmured, tamping down the desire to reach over and make good on Dean’s claims there and then. He spurred his horse on, there would be time enough for all of that.
“Lead on,” Dean said, smiling at how happy such a simple request made his brother, who practically ran ahead of them.
It was a sin that Cas should look so beautiful in such a place. A sin, a crime, an impossibility. It shouldn’t be allowed. The ground was charred and burned as though it had survived a blaze that had lasted for a thousand years instead of the comparatively few decades of war with demons. The stones themselves seemed to have given up trying to look steady. The horses were gaunt and Sam had lost a considerable amount of weight even though Dean had only seen him earlier that season.
“You’re with child, Castiel,” the Queen said, kindly, smiling at Dean even as tears threatened to spill from her eyes. “My son, you’re having a baby,” she whispered, pulling Dean into her arms, even though Cas lay between them.
Dean sat in the hallway of his own palace with his brothers. Their father didn’t say much but occasionally he would reach over and pat Dean’s hand.
He heard the distinct sound of shuffling from the other side and he sighed again. Sam was not asleep then. “Sam?” he called, quietly, tapping the door again. The sound of a glass shattering, as though dropped in haste, gave Castiel pause and this time he rapped the door a little harder. “Sam, are you alright?”
Again, Castiel kept his face impassive but it was a wasted effort. Crowley obviously knew he was choosing to stay, there was no way a prisoner in Castiel’s position would ignore the opportunity to escape. He should have fallen upon Crowley the moment that he’d seen him and no doubt his lack of desire to leave such company would make it back to the admiralty, if only to discredit anything Castiel might say of Crowley’s double-dealings. Still, he had a better chance of living to see the admiralty again if he stayed with Dean.
Dean shrugged, “I guess.” Then a wicked thought crossed his mind and he smirked, “Though, there is one other thing they say about the Winchesters and their people, a remnant from the elemental magic.”
Sam seemed to catch his eye and pulled his arm away quickly, but he laughed, long and hard, though it sounded raspier than Castiel would have thought. As though he had not had cause to laugh for some time.  “I’ll just go get cleaned up,” Sam smiled, “Then I’ll show you the perimeter.”
The woman at the checkout didn’t bat an eyelid at their purchases even though Dean was fairly sure his face was so red it could set off every fire alarm on the block. Cas was similarly unfazed though he eyed the fake knots with something that was probably confusion. At least, Dean was happy to think it was confusion. He was not going to get drawn into what Cas might possibly be thinking about while staring at glorified sex toys, not in a public place at least.
Sam and Cas exchanged a look, one in which Dean saw fear from his brother and reassurance from his mate. “Well, one of you tell me,” he ground out, unable to keep the frustration from his voice.
King John was furious. Dean could see it the moment he recognised his father at the head of the columns. He could see it in the way he held his shoulders, the way his fingers were tense around his horse’s reigns, the way he sat ramrod straight even under several layers of royal drapery. Dean knew his father, he knew what different shades of annoyance looked like on him and this was pure, seething fury. This wasn’t some withheld outburst at someone who might have slipped out of formation, this was long held and calculated.
“We all know the Definition of Man-” he called. Dean stifled his groan. Surely, the guy wasn’t going to rattle off an entire section of the Bible. There were at least some small mercies; he didn’t. “If something fails to meet any part of the Definition, it is an imitation and in the imitations there is always a mistake. The Devil sends Deviations among us to weaken us and tempt us away from Purity-”
“Have you been feeling dizzy? Either in spells or generally? Any nausea at all, Castiel?” his mother asked, completely ignoring her son.
Dean wasn’t entirely sure how to react to that; to the story of the Old People that he didn’t completely understand or the way Cas’ voice had become soft and almost mournful. But, before he could stop himself he heard himself blurt out, “What was the world like?”
Dean’s lips broke into a wide grin when he saw the pie, “Is that the toffee apple? Man, you never have any of that left.”
There would be crowds to greet them at every leg of their journey, instead of the occasional wide-eyed urchin, staring up at them in confusion which really just showed how little domestic traffic the world saw these days. Those that didn’t shut themselves away at the first sound of hooves on the road were more used to military parties rather than two travel-worn and dusty travellers who looked as though they’d never seen a bath in their lives, let alone a royal palace.
A pang of possessiveness thrummed through Dean and he tightened his grip on Cas’ shoulders, holding him tightly.
“I know. But we’ll be back with time to spare, I promise. If we’re not, you know the plan. We can’t afford to still be here by noon.”
Grabbing Sam’s arm, Dean all but dragged him into the bunker’s garage where his vehicle of choice awaited. Over the past year, Dean had gotten to know every car and motorbike contained in that garage and though all of them looked good, not many of them would actually run. Of those that did, Sam had outright vetoed Dean ever going out on the bike, though Dean had agreed with no argument. The thing was loud enough to bring every monster in the Fringes upon them. The cars though, they were another matter.
Nothing was moving fast enough for Dean. If there was something wrong with his mate, with Cas, then...he didn’t want to think about it. He couldn’t think about it. “Mother, I swear, if you don’t-”
But there would be time enough to explain it later. Right now all Castiel needed was to find the way back into Hell.
“Make your report,” Zachariah said, “All of this can wait, though I would caution against casting aspersions against Roman’s reputation. He’s very well-liked around here and he doesn’t take insults kindly.” Idly, his hand tapped the edge of his desk, “He found me this desk, you know...”
He and Castiel really did work well together, Dean thought, as they turned in unison, taking off as fast as they could. The demons were right behind them, their footfalls coming hard and fast after them, but Castiel made sure Sam and Meg were in front of him. If anyone was going to take a hit, it wouldn’t be them.
Castiel didn’t let him finish, surging forward to kiss him, their lips slotting together as though they were meant to be, because ultimately they were. It was love and adoration and sadness, a little wetter than either of them would have liked but Castiel was not about to let him go, not for anything. Even as they broke for air, they barely allowed a fraction of space between them.
Cas pulled himself up beside Dean, looking up at the cracked screen ahead of them. “People would drive into these places and a movie would be projected onto the screen. They would watch it from the comfort of their cars, it always seemed like an intimate act to me.”
“Wait.” Dean drew back. “How did we get here? My parents...the angels, don’t they want you anymore?”
“Hey, Dean? It’s okay. You know that right?” Dean frowned, not entirely sure what he was getting at. Sam sighed. “I mean...it’s fine. Dad was wrong and if Cas makes you happy...well...there’s nothing wrong with who you are is what I mean.”
“Because I can,” the djinn said as though it were the most obvious thing in the world, snapping his face forward and knocking her back down with a vicious headbutt. Sam made to move forward but Dean held him back. It wasn’t time. Not yet.
for almost three years now and even as a new addition to the crew he could count on his reputation to hold some sway, if not a healthy fear of his uniform. But there was nobody on the crew he didn’t trust, except maybe the group that Ishim seemed to surround himself with. Men as ambitious as his first lieutenant, but unless they intended to outright commit mutiny, a thought as laughable as it was impossible, then they would have to make do with the more traditional routes for promotion. Though granted they were less forthcoming on a mission such as this, patrolling a relatively insignificant stretch of sea searching for a pirate when the rest of the fleet blockaded the Empire and took French frigates for prizes.
Dean’s hand was warm where it rested on Castiel’s shoulder. “He’s not going anywhere. He’s our prisoner and we’ll ransom him back when we’re ready to.”
to rest but then again, who knew what he had faced in nursing Sam. It hadn’t sounded pretty. A lie down was probably not much to ask. Dean nodded, letting him go, though not before pulling him in for one more kiss. Longer this time, gentle, a promise of more to come.
Dawn found them clinging to each other, as they had all night. Castiel hadn’t slept much, but Dean thankfully had drifted off though Castiel couldn’t say when it was. He still had no idea how
As the night drew on, Castiel made several turns around the room, making small talk with whoever looked even remotely interesting. But he always made sure that wherever he was he could always catch Roman’s eye. It was relatively easy to place himself in Roman’s eyesight at all times, sometimes he ignored him which seemed to annoy Roman as much as the superior looks Castiel shot him. Roman could have ignored him, but apparently a room full of sycophants bowing to him was not as satisfying when a single guest seemed unimpressed.
“Let’s,” Castiel said with faux innocence, as though he wasn’t doing everything he could to drive his husband wild without doing anything at all.
Cas didn’t slip the phone back into Dean’s pocket, leaving it between them on the seat, but he also didn’t say anything.
It was not the first time Castiel had been captured by pirates. When he had been a second lieutenant aboard
Dean tried to rise, but the pain in his head forced him back down with a wince and he settled back down. “What’s our heading?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam muttered. He didn’t seem convinced, but Dean was too tired to argue the point. Secretly, he wondered how it was that his brother was even capable of standing. The guy never seemed to rest. Whenever the alarm was sounded, Sam was always the first to answer it and the last to turn in when they pulled themselves over the threshold. In between he was always doing something and he had half a point; there was always something to be done. He must sleep some time, Dean figured, but still, he didn’t like the manic glint in his brother’s eye. It obviously wasn’t enough.
” he heard Sam call and it should have been a relief but as his brother slammed through the front door something else hit him. Sam had obviously been driving all night, his habitual scent blockers had started to wear off and the faintest scent of a rival alpha seeped into the air along with his shout.
So what, he’s like your boyfriend now or-” he suddenly paled. “Oh God and I said...Dean you know I’m happy for you, right? I thought you guys were going to go to Apocalypse world without me or something, this...this is brilliant!”
Sam’s voice carried across the courtyard and Dean let out a frustrated groan, dropping his face to Castiel’s shoulder. “Really?
He envied The Old People, being able to live in such comfort and move around freely. Their problems would be solved if the thing had wheels...and fuel...and a means of ignition...and a driver who knew what it was he was driving. Dean sighed, well, it was a nice thought at any rate.
“So...” Sam started, looking between Dean and Cas, “What’s the plan? You know we’ll help you, however we can, right?”
Cas had paused, somewhere by Dean’s knee, frowning. “You have a cut here,” he said, softly, running his hand over it, allowing it to heal even as he pointed it out. “It’s gone now.”
Cas thought about it for a moment, closing his eyes in an attempt to figure out the changes in his body. “I think I’ll be alright,” he said, “But, for simplicity’s sake, maybe we should shower separately.”
The First Lieutenant's mood did not improve when, after another week, they still hadn’t so much as sighted
Clarence gave a soft intake of breath, awed at the sight. The fountain was taller than if the two of them had chosen to stand on each other’s shoulders, carved entirely from ice that sparkled with the magic that held it together. The nymph depicted was elegant and beautiful, holding her hands out, as though offering the magic contained there to passers-by. In her palms blazed a small flame circling a crystal snowflake and even though there was only the shape of ice instead of a face, she looked happy.
“How did he die?” he’d asked Bobby, quietly, though he couldn’t miss the way Bobby looked away quickly. “Bobby?”
Winchester Palace was large, imposing and might have cast an intimidating shadow upon the city beneath it. But the Winchesters were kind and beloved and everyone knew the palace was open to everyone no matter their status or complaint. On the eve of the Wintertide Feast, the castle had never looked more beautiful. The season alone required it but the impending nuptial rites that would be performed at the Feast itself demanded it. Candles of frosted glass and crystal-lined every hallway and room, burning impossibly, a testament to the Winchester affinity for fire. Great boughs of greenery adorned the building, decorated with frost and droplets of ice to represent the Novak family and between the chill of the ice and the natural clean, crisp scent of pine the palace seemed fresher for their presence. Even so, somebody, probably the Queen, had arranged wreaths to be strategically hung around the palace. Ostensibly, it was just another decoration. The fresh winter flowers wound into beautiful circlets, interwoven with jewelled holly berries, discreet cloves and anointed with oil of orange. If their distinct fragrance happened to mask the scent of disgruntled alpha that seemed to permeate every part of the palace, that was surely just a happy coincidence.
Cas is as still as Dean was just a moment ago. Dean doesn’t want to move, he doesn’t want to breathe in case it scares him off. But then Cas just says it. He just straight up blurts it out.
Castiel gave him an impish grin, “Is it enough to let me run away with you and hide from the Navy for the rest of our lives?”
And then he was gone, running out into the hallway with the others. Castiel wanted to follow him, but he would only get in the way of the well-oiled machine of war, however chaotic it looked. In the end, he settled for making his way up to the ramparts, where he could watch the soldiers assemble.
“Alright people, back to the boats!” There was a collective groan from the various bodies spread across the beach. “I know, I know, we’ll all have a lie in once we’re back in open sea, I promise.”
Still, when he spoke there was nothing but sincerity in his voice and he extended a warm hand, “Likewise. So, I’m going to take you down to the temple, where you’re...gonna...um...”
Dean shifted awkwardly, uncomfortable in the face of such an open and sudden declaration of emotion. But then, it was probably a good thing Sam had said it. That and the other stuff. Dean’s approach of, ‘get in the damned car, Cas,’ might have worked but it wouldn’t have helped.
Dean folded his arms and huffed. He shouldn’t have left the window with its dismal view of the storm. He wasn’t jealous. That would be ridiculous. He wasn’t jealous of the way the Raiju curled up into Cas’ lap as though it was the most comfortable place in creation. He wasn’t jealous that Cas was apparently enjoying the closeness as much as the monster was.
actually opened fire. “Down! All hands down!” Dean yelled, just before he threw himself onto the deck. He didn’t need to check that the others had followed his lead and they stayed there until the whistling of the cannonballs finished and the splinters stopped showering down upon them.
stretched out and demanded Cas’ attention with its nose. Cas smiled at it softly and started stroking at its face with both hands.
“I wanted him to see the kingdom,” Dean said, quickly, pulling Adam around so he wouldn’t see Cas starting to laugh. They had flown together once, in the gardens back home.
Dean leaned over, looking at his face momentarily reflected in the waters. “It’s a wedding present for the Novak prince,” he said. He’d meant to say it with a shrug, but even Dean couldn’t pretend to be blasé in the face of such a beautiful gift.
He jogged across the lot to catch up, but Cas had already gone in and was chatting to Sam when Dean arrived. Still, he glanced over at Dean far more than usual and every time he did, Dean couldn’t help but smile back.
Cas stared at them for a long time, finding only sincerity in Sam’s face and...well...a scowl in Dean’s but it didn’t seem to matter for the moment. Eventually, Cas sighed, “Okay. You can help.”
Castiel stood before a floor-length mirror, admiring the cut of his wedding clothes. His attractiveness had always been a neutral fact, something he knew to be objective but cared little for. Looking at himself now, even he had to admit he had never looked so fine. Granted, he had never worn a suit as fine as this and probably never would again, but even so, he looked incredible. The cream of the silk and damask made his eyes stand out even more so than usual. His hair, of course, could not be tamed, and no matter how many times he ran his fingers through it, it refused to lie flat, so he gave up.
-” it struck him that Benny would, of course, have known to call Dean when they sighted land and certainly when they dropped anchor. The only reason to not was to let them come out in their own time, to not rush them. As an act of kindness it was touching, but it only served to cut deeper into the pain Castiel was already feeling.
He made to make his move but Gabriel held him back. “Castiel, you can’t. Any minute now every demon in every realm is about to be sucked into Hell and we’re going to close the gates behind them. That’s why we’re here. This was your plan, you can’t go back in there.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever been on the sea quite like this,” Castiel admitted, watching the blue of the sky ignite into swirls of red and yellow. When he lowered his gaze, he caught Dean looking at him again and they both looked away quickly. Inwardly, Castiel rolled his eyes that he should find himself with a crush, the likes of which his father had assumed had been beaten out of him during his earliest years as a midshipman. But, the man beside him was beyond gorgeous, not to mention kind. It would have been too much to hope that he kept catching Dean looking because he too was interested, he was probably just concerned that Castiel was going to try and bring harm to the ship somehow.
Dean ignored the pain so he could slip over the edge and card his hand through Cas’ hair. “Cas,” he sighed. “You know I love you.”
It was dark, or at least as dark as it could get on a clear night. The moon was mockingly bright, reflecting off the surface of the ocean and illuminating the cabin through the wide windows. For some reason, Castiel had gotten it into his head that if there was darkness he could hide from his own thoughts. But no matter how much he screwed his eyes tight shut against reality, there was no escape.
“He’s pissed but if we get our reports in and bring down Michael, he won’t mind.” Dean leans over to kiss him. “You get breakfast, I’m going to shower.”
“Adam,” Sam said, patiently, “Why don’t you assume that none of us in the room have been pouring over the war records since the war began, hm? What the hell is Gabriel’s horn?”
’ required him to join them. He was going to be late for work but it didn’t count if there was a Purification.
“Dean,” he whispers and it’s a little hesitant. His voice shakes on the one syllable but he does not withdraw his touch. Then there’s the slightest of huffs and he sighs. “I’m dreaming.”
Castiel and Dean were still hiding out in the old barracks with mostly Adam for company. Sam couldn’t have stayed away too long without arousing suspicion, especially with Castiel’s in-laws orchestrating the search from Sam’s own garrison. The king and queen continued to pay no attention to Adam and so didn’t notice in the slightest that he wasn’t present for the search effort. He did slip back to the fortress occasionally but that was mostly to fetch things that Dean needed or to pass messages between them and Sam.
“We have to go,” Dean smiled into Castiel’s lips as Castiel refused to let them move even an inch closer to the doors.
“I won’t let them take you,” Dean said. He said it a lot. Every time he said it it sounded a little less like a promise and a little more like a death sentence. The Host would prefer to keep him alive to breed more nephilim but if Dean made that too hard on them, if he made himself more trouble than he was worth...Castiel knew they’d kill him first. He hadn’t told Dean that. Nor had he told him what he intended to do if they did kill Dean, recognising it for the trump card that it was.
Licking his lips, Castiel pondered the flavour. It was...nice? Yes, it was nice. He liked it. He did not require it, but he liked it. The liquid was hot and bitter but tempered by the addition of cream. That was all the thought Castiel allowed it before he returned his attention to the space in front of the shop in which he now sat. The space where millenia ago he and his brothers had promised to meet.
This was not the hug of two lovers reunited. It was the embrace of a friend and Cas looked over her without even half the concern with which he’d stared at Dean. He looked at her fondly, the way he...the way he looked at Sam without any of the intensity and feeling with which he looked for Dean.
this man. But at any moment the cry that they had sighted land could come, this was no time for finesse. Dean came first, his eyes screwed shut as he tried desperately to find Castiel’s lips with his own, but Castiel had drawn back, determined to watch, to see, forcing his eyes open even as he felt his own release paint their stomachs, intent on not missing a moment.
. The image of Castiel was not much better. “That explains why it’s so busy,” Clarence sighed, putting it back where he’d got it from.
Dean glanced at the shopping at his feet but it didn’t look like Sam was going to let him put the beer in the fridge quite yet.
“It helps, okay? You’ve seen what it’s like here. It’s constant and there’s only me...I didn’t mean for it to get out of hand but...it helps.”
This time when Dean looked over he caught Cas’ eye and the mirth there. They both laughed aloud even though Dean was only vaguely aware of what it was he was laughing at. Somewhere in the back end of his memories, he could hear Zachariah saying,
“I never thought I’d find you,” Michael sighed, his hands stroking over his Castiel’s arms through the sodden robes. “Clarence,” he said, again and Castiel debated telling him what his real name was, they were true mates, he needed to know. It was on the very tip of his tongue when Michael cupped his face gently and said in a very small voice, “I can’t claim you.”
He sounds...disappointed. More than that, he sounds crushed. His voice is barely a whisper and he folds himself into the blankets as though he could make himself smaller.
Castiel let his forehead against Dean’s shoulder, “Just a few minutes more? It’s nice to see you without a regiment roll call in front of you.”
As though sensing Dean’s hesitation, Cas put a hand on his shoulder. He could have kissed him or held his hand or embraced him. But he put his hand on his shoulder; a gesture that might have been between friends.
Cas shrugged an entirely human gesture and waved vaguely towards the trunk, “For all of this. I have to admit that there are several contingencies I had not prepared for when I considered this venture.”
Dean’s mouth opened and closed several times before he settled on a vaguely surprised - “Oh. Cool!” before he settled back against Cas’ chest.
