“I still have it.  Would you like to see it one day?” Peggy asked.
“I could not sleep.  I find myself…unsettled,” Tony added into the heavy silence.
“Tony? Steve?” a voice called out, making Steve’s head turn and setting off another bout of dizziness.
me, Steve,” Tony pressed, half frustrated, half pleading.  “You should have told me you liked me, just asked me out like a normal person, not this secret code bullshit where I have to read between the lines and figure out that some invitation to dinner and a movie is a date!  Okay, not the best example!”  Tony admitted at Steve’s raised eyebrows.
“If it’s any consolation, having a point was a complete accident,” Steve offered.
Tony rubbed the ball of his hand against the base of his cock, then rolled over on his stomach and stared at the wall again.  He could feel his cock pressed against the bed.  It almost hurt, but it was the good kind of almost hurt.  The empty and ashamed kind of good.  He shouldn’t feel good, not without his Alpha.  There was probably something wrong with him.   Maybe that was why Steve didn’t want him this way.  Maybe he could tell.  None of the other Alphas he’d been introduced to had wanted him.  Granted, he’d done his best Princess Jasmine routine and gotten rid of most of them by simply being himself, but Fury had known.  That guy, Ty.  He had known Tony didn’t belong to an Alpha, not the way he was supposed to.
“Sam met him through the VA,” Pepper explained.  “She said they’re running buddies or something.  I don’t know.  They’re friends.  She’s allowed to have friends outside of the team.”
“You know, I love and adore you completely and want to basically worship you all the time, but you’re kind of a dick when you want to be. I’m just saying,” Tony replied.
It was much as he remembered, he thought, still holding some sort of unearthly quality, like it was just a shade too beautiful to be entirely real.  His Mom used to say there were doors between worlds, and it had always struck him that, if that were true, this must be one of them, if only because the calm, shallow waters had always offered an escape to legs and arms that couldn’t swim and a boy who could barely breathe.  He remembered telling Stephen this, expecting the magician to laugh, but he had only given Steve a long, assessing look, and said that doors open both ways, something that had sent gooseflesh rising on Steve’s arms at the time.  Steve kicked off his shoes, pulled his tunic over his head, stripped off his pants and splashed into the cool water.
“I suggested several, but the King had the final choice, as it should be,” Cam informed him.  “Which one did you pick?”
“You must stop trying to bear the consequences of my choices, Tony. They are not yours,” Steve snapped, a hot rush of anger surging before he clamped down on it. He wasn’t even sure who he was angry with. Tony, for being determined to take more onto himself than was right, himself for ever letting Tony think that way or some nebulous wraith that floated between them, ephemeral and formless and always there. “I chose to serve Pierce. That was my doing. I turned my back on things I saw there by telling myself we could build something better when all was said and done. I knew the risk of that choice, of what it meant if I was wrong. I could have come to you and pleaded my case, demanded answers, but I didn’t.”
“Oh, ah, sure,” Steve replied, sounding slightly discomfited.  "Will do,” he finished, gesturing lightly with the tablet before putting it back on the table, and turning his gaze back to Tony, at which point Tony realized he had probably overstayed his welcome and was now just awkwardly standing in the middle of Steve’s room.
“Ummmhmmm,” Tony murmured.  “Good,” he added, his voice slurry and thick.  He arched his neck, biting his lip as Steve pushed his finger deeper.  He stilled his hand for a moment, letting Tony’s body adjust to the invasion, then pumped it in and out a few times, stretching him.  Tony was tight and hot and
“My tongue is part of the reason I’m here, silly girl,” the woman, Kadina, replied with a haughty toss of her head.
“Well,” Steve started.  “The good news is that they were definitely
“Expendable is the word you mean,” Steve told him, dropping his arms from his chest and looking down at his feet where his toes curled into the thick carpet.  “I think we might be the rooster, too.”
“I’m sorry, what was that?” Tony asked, leaning forward, his hands sliding into his pockets as he rocked back and forth on his heels.  “Can you repeat that last part?  I didn’t quite catch that.”
“Yep,” Steve answered agreeably.  “Do you think it can be done?”
“Feeling lucky, hon?” Tony questioned as they strode through the entrance behind Stewart.
He looks…happy, Tony realized, the thought settling in Tony’s mind with no small amount of satisfaction.  Happy, and practically radiating a carefree brightness the sloughed all the hard edges away, and God, there were so many of those, weren’t there?  Made all the more apparent when they were temporarily brushed away.  All prickly and hard-wired and don’t-touch-me, and then underneath, this big, goofy kid who loved the dubiously named Blue Raspberry slushie and went to no small amount of effort to get Tony to talk about himself.
The fire crackled in the hearth, though it burned low, little more than embers now.  His legs hurt, but he didn’t move again, just concentrated on the feeling until it was all his mind could focus on.  That was strangely better, though he didn’t know why, since all he could think of was the discomfort.  The longer he thought of it and the more he concentrated on it, the less it bothered him, though.  There was just the strain of muscle and the need to move, and the more he thought of it, the less he thought of anything else, until it had banished all other thoughts.
“And did these other concubines fill your head with all sorts of rumors and innuendo?” Tony asked, sounding amused, though his hand stilled for a moment, before he started to swirl the sponge in wide circles across Steve’s shoulders.  “You should listen with one ear to their spite, my treasure.  They will never like you.”
“That’s not why I’m doing this,” Steve said.  Lied.  To himself or Tony or both.
“That’s just the fun, happy stuff they put in the papers,” Tony replied, shaking his head.  “I had it all planned out, you know?  My whole life, how it was going to go.  Party, party, sextape, party, graduate, Nobel, party, take over company, party, probably another sextape.  The basics. Now…now, I have absolutely no idea.  I don’t know what I’m doing.  I got mad, got drunk and a little high, and ended up blowing some asshole in the alley behind Machine.  He threw a fifty at me, and I took it, and…I don’t know.  A few weeks later, I stood out back waiting for the club to empty and said, ‘It’ll be fifty’ to some guy in a suit, and then it was just easier to do this than to think about anything.  Shit coping mechanism, I know, but…I was handling it.  School, the lawyers, mom calling crying, I’d go screw some John, forget for a bit, and…I was handling it.  Then you happened,” Tony gritted out, throwing an accusatory hand in the air.
When the alarm had gone off a few minutes earlier, Tony had woken in a startle from a deep sleep, limbs still wrapped around Steve, heart pounding in his chest.  Steve had already been in motion, tapping on a phone he must have gotten from Fury because it was crap.  “Something called ‘Doombots’?” Steve had informed him as he looked down at the phone’s screen, raised eyebrows making it a question.
Anto wondered if all of the Others looked the way this man looked.  It was shocking, at least to Anto’s eyes. At first, anyway. This is how I look to them, Anto had realized as he had stared down at the man lying prone by the bank of the river, bleeding rivulets into the dirt.  No wonder they say I am ugly, he had thought.
Whatever it was he was planning fled from his mind in the fraction of a second it took for Steve’s mind to catch up with what his eyes were seeing.  Tony was sprawled out in the center of his bed in a puddle of red silk sheets with the reactor node glowing a soft blue from the center of his chest.  His legs were spread wide, and Steve was thrusting deep, in and out, holding Tony’s ass at an angle while he kneaded the soft flesh.  Steve was also kneeling with a knee on each side of Tony’s chest, and Tony’s wrists pinned above his head with one hand and the other braced against the top of the headboard while he fed his cock into Tony’s mouth.   Another version of himself, small, pale and sickly thin was licking a long, lazy stripe up the underside of Tony’s cock while it jumped in time to the thrusts, and looking at Steve over the ridge of Tony’s cock with a lascivious sort of challenge in his eye.
“You said—“ Tony started, then stopped when he realized his voice was shaking so much the words were coming out slurry. He drew in another shuddering breath, feeling his chest tighten and expand around the air, sending a cold spike of pressure into his throat.
“Ha!  Is that not remarkable?  We should be honored to have something of your own design, Your Majesty, most honored,” Lord Rand announced with a booming voice.  Steve privately thought Lord Rand saw a way to draw the King back to the Ridge more than anything particularly useful, but he supposed he couldn’t blame the man for disbelieving what Tony could do.  If Steve hadn’t seen it for himself, he wasn’t sure if he would believe it, either. “It would certainly save money on slaves for the wheel,” Lord Rand continued. “Seems the stonemaster is always asking me for more.  They go through them so quickly down there, you know, and only a certain sort can man the wheel. Hard to find those at a price that makes it worth the investment, particularly when they don’t tend to last very long.”
“Oh, yes,” Estes said with a bubble of enthusiasm. “This isn’t just about the bottom line here.  We’re deeply committed to our men and women in uniform, I can assure you,” he added, glancing over at Rhodey, who just sucked in a breath and flattened his mouth at Tony.
“I'm coming up,” Rhodey announced, starting to slide across the seat to reach for the door handle.
, Tony replied, not looking at him.
interesting. Tony—do you—I mean if Steve doesn’t, and you don’t—this, I don’t even know, the chances of that are astronomical. It’s impossible or it should be. I mean the odds, it—it shouldn’t happen. What--What does it mean?”
“Oh, oh, well, now we are definitely going to have to play,” Tony said around a laugh. “High stakes Trekkie card games?  Be still my heart.”
“There’s nothing to talk about,” Tony replied.  He fisted his hands on top of the workstation desk.  What was there to say?  He’d screwed up again.  They could just leave it at that, really. No need for rehashing and awkward recriminations.  “I just need to work.  Okay?  Can you just leave me alone and let me work?  Please?”
“Just sort of lean against the weight bar with your arm, sort of like this,” Steve told him, leaning down and mimicking the position he wanted Kirk to take.  “Right, just like that.  Perfect.  Okay, and your leg goes here.  And the other here,” Steve instructed.  He stood up and walked back a few paces, frowned and tilted his head to the side as he studied the pose.  “Right hand to your side.  No, like this,” Steve said, dropping his hand to his side to show Kirk the angle.  “Good. Good, just like that.  Okay, so just stay exactly like that and don’t move much.  And try to relax.”
, he thought bitterly, turning his head just enough so he could stare at the horse frolicking on the grassy meadow.
“I was sick a lot, and it was something I could do from bed,” Steve continued without missing a beat.
Tony stared at him, mouth opening and closing while he waited for the other shoe to drop.  When he couldn’t wait any longer, he finally sucked in a deep breath and stood up, pulling the dogtags over his head.  They were heavier than they looked, solid and cold against his the hollow of his chest, making a slight, roughened noise when they rubbed together.  His left hand snaked around them, clutching them in his fist and pulling the chain tight against the back of his neck until it dug into the crease of skin there.  He meant to ask what he was supposed to do up there at Rogers’ little Alpha hut, but what came out was, predictably, not quite what he’d intended.
“I really am sorry about the trouble, Phil,” Steve said, actually managing to pull off contrite if you squinted.
Steve sighed. This was going even worse than he’d imagined, and that was saying something.  “I know.  I completely understand.  I’m so sorry and if I lost you business, well…I will certainly do everything I can to see that you are paid back, I swear.  I…l should tell you though…I don’t think I’m cut out for this.  I mean, I appreciate the opportunity and all, but I just…don’t think I can do this again,” Steve finished.
Steve moved then, so fast Tony would have taken a step backwards if he could’ve gotten his brain to communicate with his feet.  Instead, Steve was in front of him, his face inches from Tony’s, so close, Tony could feel warm breath ghost over his lips.  Hands cradled the sides of Tony’s face.  He could feel the pad of Steve’s thumb trace a line over his left cheekbone.  The one where he had the scar from falling off his bike.  A small white line.  Thin. Jagged at the edges.   Barely there. From falling off his bike, he repeated to himself.  He had forgotten to breathe again.  His lungs were screaming for air, but he didn’t want to move, as if the least little ripple would change everything, a single drop expanding in ever-increasing circles over the surface of the whole ocean.
It wasn’t just memories, but the feelings that went with them this time, bright and beautiful, in a rush of emotion, all attached to images of Tony. Tony in the suit, soaring above him. Tony in a tuxedo. Tony in the workshop, fingers flying over a keyboard. Tony grinning up at him from under the covers, a teasing sparkle in his eye.  Tony on the ground in what remained of a New York street, entreating Steve to kiss him.
“Morning!  I see I found the only other early riser in Vegas not headed for the 99-cent buffet,” the woman said airily as the Stairmaster adjusted the incline for her.
That—that wasn’t at all what Tony had been talking about.  They were talking about Steve’s friend. Tony was going to apologize. Again.  Or something.  They weren’t going to talk about this…this thing that wasn’t going to happen.
Brock turned his head enough to glare up at him, then spat a wad of bloody phlegm on the floor by Steve’s shoe and smiled up at Steve with a red-stained grin where he must have bitten his tongue.  “Fuck you, Rogers,” he ground out.
He glanced over at Steve, who shot him a nervous little smile and quickly looked away.  Sure. Great. No problem.  Steve was just a guy, after all.  Not the end all, be all.  If it didn’t work out, it would be fine.
“Best friend,” Steve replied.   “He’d kill me if he knew I’d done this.  With you.”  He went back to the canvas and started shading in the new lines until it looked like a figure.  Long, lithe legs, slightly splayed, a deep chest with ribs that seemed to curl in around his heart, muscular arms that tapered to fine hands.  Piano hands, Steve thought again.
There was a thin thread of dust hanging between the dangling light fixture and one of the wooden beams.  If there was a loquacious spider up there somewhere, she was probably weaving a web above his head that spelled out horny.  Tony’s mouth twisted in a half-hearted smile, and he scrubbed a hand over his face, sitting up in his chair.
“I’m fine,” Steve replied.  Even through the door, Tony could hear the tension in Steve’s voice, turning it brittle and wrong.  “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
He’d been annoyed about the whole proper comm protocols chewing out, and, true he hadn’t actually been using proper comm protocols, but still, having it pointed out—okay, having it pointed out by Steve—he’d been…well.  He hadn’t liked it.  He didn’t handle criticism well on the best of days, and when it was tied up with a nice, neat, red-white-and-blue bow of pseudo-parental disappointment, he really didn’t handle it well.  What had Steve even said?  He’d been too pissed to really listen, to be honest.  Something about not reporting in.  Tony was sure must have had a good reason.
He put the towels and clay pot aside, then moved back between Tony’s knees, his tongue darting out to wet his lips as he stared down at Tony’s cock, half-hard from Steve’s touches already. Or from the thought of what came after, he wasn’t entirely sure.
“You just told me that you watched the video where Steve seemed to decide that you were never going to reciprocate his feelings, or ‘like-like him’ to use your words,” Pepper stated, making air quotes with her fingers.  That one wasn’t going away any time soon.  He was fairly certain that at some future Board meeting, he was going to agree to a contract and Pepper was going to ask if he “like-liked” the contract.
“It wasn’t a big deal,” Tony protested.  “No one would’ve known.  I was going to drop them before the semester was even over.”
“Sam says,” Steve huffed out, mainly to stop Tony from starting to sing-song it or something equally obnoxious, “and I’m quoting, that I should ‘get my mopey ass off his sofa and go home and kiss you until you make him better wings,’” Steve said, unable to resist a slight smile at the maniacal grin still plastered on Tony’s face. Steve figured that was at least partially from relief, his own answering high at the realization that Tony had been jealous not having worn off yet, either, to be fair, and he managed to think that if they were going to do this, really do this, he should probably tell Tony about his experience, or rather lack thereof, before they really got involved, but then Tony was flinging himself across the room and grabbing Steve by the arms, pulling him close and leaning his forehead against Steve’s chest, soft, hitching breaths echoing through the workshop, too close to sobs for Steve to keep his smile.
“Well, yeah, I mean…Steve, he’s—he’s nice and all, and…okay, kind of amazing, but just because he, you know, does stuff for me, doesn’t mean—it doesn’t mean he feels the same way I do.  The company—“ Tony stammered, feeling his mouth go dry.
“Can’t I just...want to?” Stark asked, giving Steve a curious, narrow-eyed look.
“See?  See?” Tony demanded.  “I mean, how was I even supposed to know, you know?  It was all so casual.  ‘Hey, Tony, how about we hang out doing this random totally-not-a-date thing?’ Not like he straight up asked me out to dinner or anything,” Tony explained in exasperation. “Okay, well, if you want to be really technical about it, sure, he did ask me to dinner,” Tony amended at Pepper’s raised eyebrow.  “Three times,” Tony admitted in frustration, rubbing the heel of his hand against the center of his forehead.
Bucky was shaking his head.  “Again?  Really?  What the hell are you doing, Steve?”
Steve let his hand fall from the back of Tony’s head to trail down his chest, pausing just long enough to drag his nails over the metal plate in the center, earning a long, low groan from Tony. He grabbed the hem of Tony’s tunic and lifted it over Tony’s head in one swift motion, tossing it somewhere out of the way. Tony toed off his soft boots while Steve’s hands went to the waist of his breeches and carefully unfurled the ties there, letting them fall over Tony’s hips to the floor in a puddle on top of the boots.
“Director Fury thinks this will be good for me.  Help me acclimate.  Your Dad, he—he said you were excited.  About this.  Not really sure what you get out of it though,” Steve admitted.  He knew how selfish this whole thing was. He knew it, and he couldn’t say it, couldn’t tell Tony why he should run for the hills, and he knew an excuse when he heard one.  But, if Tony wanted this,
See?  Plan.  No problem.  Why worry?
“It’s a long Journey,” Steve warned, rolling over on the furs and pulling Tony with him so he ended up sprawled on top of Steve.  “It won’t be easy. If you want to stop, there are always tribes along the River. We could stay with them for as long as you want.”
“This…situation has brought certain things to light,” Tony replied.  “Things I knew well enough, I suppose, but had not truly…” he sighed.  “We can do better.  You,” he continued, coming around to stand in front of Steve and nudging Steve’s legs to part so he could stand between them.  “You could help me with that.”
“Men of the West left out a lot of people,” Steve said after a beat of heavy silence.  Then, a harsh laugh, though it wasn’t bitter, just carried self-awareness tinged with a thread of regret.  “Much as I like the idea of sending you off somewhere safe, I’m trying to picture the conversation where I tell you this and coming up blank.  You’d have given those orcs hell, though,” Steve added, then looked down at Tony with a faux frown.  “Did you really refer to Director Fury as Sauron?”
They stayed like that for a long moment, until Steve could feel his body start to go boneless, like he could simply melt to the floor if he let himself.  He felt Tony pull out, leaving a sudden emptiness. He sighed and heard a soft, answering chuffing noise from Tony.
Bathroom to the side, though this one was slightly larger than the other. In the dim light, he could see a round mirror above the sink instead of the square one in the other room. Overstuffed chair. Table with the same general items as before. Wastebasket.
“I got your distraction food,” Tony groused as he walked around the corner, shooting Steve a half-hearted frown.
“How come you like to listen to me talk so much, huh?” Steve asked.  The creature blinked at him, then looked around. It raised its hands and two of its tentacles in a sweeping gesture, as if to say, what else would it do, and Steve found himself laughing again.
Steve shifted his knees.  Sat back on his heels.  Rose up on his knees again.  His own cock hung loose, rubbing at the confines of the sash, and he was more aware of it now, the soft brush of fabric, the way the harder bulb of the knot scraped against it whenever he moved.  He wanted to move again, but when he looked up, Tony was watching him, eyes dark and hard and heated, and the image of a cat watching a mouse popped into his mind, and then it was worse, because Tony knew, knew what was in Steve’s head, and Steve couldn’t help thinking about it all the more.   Telling himself to stop only seemed to accomplish getting his mind to focus.  Tony rolled his lip between his teeth and canted his head to one side, lips quirking up.
“Remind me how much I need Lord Ellis’ harvest, would you?” Tony requested, dropping down into the chair opposite Steve like he was melting into it.
“Do you have a suit?” she asked, seemingly out of nowhere.
Giving up on any of his plans for the evening actually coming to fruition, Steve headed to his own apartment. The temptation to check on Tony was strong, but do not disturb meant what it meant.  If Tony wanted privacy, for whatever reason, then Steve wasn’t going to intrude.  He was absolutely not going to think about the relief he’d felt when Deirdre had been at her desk in Marketing, instead of upstairs in Tony’s penthouse.  Definitely not.
“Of course, it—you—are worth it!  Jesus, Steve, you’re killing me, here,” Tony blurted out, scraping a hand through his hair.   “How can you think I’ll just up and decide one day that, eh, this amazing guy who, miracle of miracles, adores me, hey, why bother with that?  I’ll just go back to being miserable without him because he doesn’t have a few extra letters after his name and his hand doesn’t work quite right, because I’m a shallow asshole like that.”
“So let him fucking sue me,” Brock shrugged, using one of the kitchen chairs to pull himself up.  He leaned back against the table, lips curled into a smirk.  “We’ll have a nice, big court case about it.  You can tell the jury how you bent over all nice like for all those zeroes.  Make for great TV.  You can wear one of those fancy new suits of yours.”
“It’s actually kind of beautiful from up here,” Steve observed after a moment.
He could almost hear his mother’s voice in his head warning him against following strange lights in the forest.  Fairy lights, meant to lure travellers off their paths and into the woods where they might end up never finding their way out.  He wasn’t in the woods, and these weren’t fairy lights, but Steve couldn’t help the niggling sense of wrongness in the back of his mind as he stepped inside.  Someone was here, though, that much was clear now, and whoever it was might offer answers about what it was that plagued Steve’s nights and drove him from the comfort of his bed.
“You have no idea what I would do for you,” Tony husked out, then dropped his gaze and shook his head.  A laugh, a harsh, grating sound that was almost bitter, escaped him as he dragged his eyes back to Steve.  “I think even I do not quite know,” Tony admitted with a slight grimace twisting his mouth.  “Come.  Let us dine, and speak of more pleasant things.  You can tell me more of this star fort idea of yours.”
Tony stared at him a moment, mouth pursed into a grim line.  “It’s time,” he said finally.
“Still.  Thanks, Bruce.  I mean it. This…I don’t know what the hell I’m doing, and Steve…he’s…he’s everything.  But…I don’t know how to do this.  I don’t think I’m made this way.  There’s something wrong with me. I’m not doing this right, and he should have someone who knows how to do this right, not some screw up like me,” Tony said, eyes finding Steve’s blond head where he’d removed the cowl and was talking over the battle with Fury.  “But now…now, I can’t let that happen.  I can’t.  Even if it’s better for him.  I just can’t.  I’m a selfish son-of-a-bitch, Bruce, but I can’t do it.”
just fucking admit you like each other put everyone out of our misery.”
Oh. Well.
“Happy Fathers’ Day,” Tony said softly.
Steve wasn’t sure why he said it like that.  He meant the fishing.  The fishing wasn’t what Tony wanted to do.  That was what he meant.  He thought that was what he meant.
“What?” Steve said in surprise.  “You’re leaving?” He tried to keep the hurt out of his voice.  It wasn’t like they’d said anything about leaving together or plans for the evening.  He’d just assumed once he realized that Tony wasn’t actually bringing a date…
“I find your lack of faith disturbing,” Tony quoted, then grinned at Rhodey, who smiled back and nodded approvingly.
“Sure,” Tony said with a shrug, probably because someone said build and Tony was onboard for whatever that meant, Steve thought with a small huff of laughter.
Oh, God, Fury knew, Tony thought with a rush of horror. Fury could tell.  Could everyone tell?  Did they all know Steve didn’t want him? That
He wasn’t sure how long he lay there, staring at the ceiling until the big dark blob dancing in  front of his eyes coalesced into bits and pieces his eyes could pick out in the dim, blue glow of the reactor.  He never should have asked Pepper that.  You can’t miss what you never had, he’d told himself.  It was the uncertainty.  He’d built it up in his head because it was the one thing he couldn’t have.  It was the not knowing that was worse. Wasn’t that what everyone said?
“His Highness is not to be disturbed,” the guard announced and started to shut the door.
“Here,” Steve said, turning Tony around so he was facing Steve’s chest. “Close your eyes,” he added, working his fingers against the back of Tony’s neck, urging him to tip his head backwards into the water.
The gel wrapped around him again.  It was warm and soft, like a luxurious cocoon.  It lifted his legs and spread them wide again, bringing his knees up towards his chest, though supporting him, so the position was easy on his muscles and joints.  His breathing came easy now. His muscles went liquid. It was easy. Everything was so easy. He felt safe, protected.
“He’s so conscientious,” Tony said, clapping his hands together.  “Which is why he has to ride by himself. Shall we?” he finished, gesturing to the large, raised platform that was affixed to an enormous pulley system.
“There’s a connecting wire from the back of the reactor.  You need to plug that into the port at the back of the plate in his chest housing,” JARVIS said quickly.  Okay, so, in fairness, Tony could admit that was a tad clearer than his explanation. “Here, I’m sending you a schematic.”
“It’s…wow,” Tony husked out through a rush of air finally releasing itself from his lungs.  “It’s amazing.  It’s…God, Steve…this has to be…how…I mean, it is literally way too much. How—how did you even afford this?  The car, that was too much, but okay, maybe you had some saved up, but this…this is…” Tony stammered, still holding the watch in his hand.
“You’re sure he isn’t going to be here?” Steve asked again.
Tony looked over at him as he walked in, typed something into the computer that made the spinning slow to a stop and doffed the goggles.
“Why would I?  Here is good.  Everyone, they want to see Tahir.  Even if they cannot take my cock, they like to say they can, and Tahir is rewarded.  No marching. No standing.  Just fucking,” Tahir shrugged, then grinned.  “These three, they will wither like stalks of grain in the sun, but my cock will always be a gift of the gods.”
“No, you didn’t,” Steve retorted.  Tony could hear the smile in his voice.
“She’s not wrong,” Michael admitted, taking another sip from the silver flask that seemed to appear and disappear at will.  “She’s dying to get to the juicy bits just like the rest of us—huh,
“I would’ve gotten away with it if it weren’t for those meddling Feds,” Tony replied.  “Though, your willingness to take the fall for my Weird Al oeuvre still warms my heart.”
Happy pulled around the circular driveway and dropped Steve off at the front doors.  Steve had been here enough now to know that the doors would be unlocked for him, so went on it, calling out a hello to Jarvis as he did.
“His Majesty is right,” General Ross cut in, one hand stroking his chin. He took a long sip of wine from his goblet and held it between his fingers, hovering over the table. “It isn’t Asgard or the Chitauri that should trouble our King. Or even the mad king, if that is what Tytahn’s ruler has indeed become.” Ross paused, looking up and catching Tony’s gaze.
“Your team not doing well?” Tony asked sympathetically.  He didn’t much follow sports, but he knew enough about Alphas to know that this was Serious, and he should show Interest.  To be fair, it wasn’t like Steve didn’t show interest in things Tony enjoyed, so there was that.
“Go turn your husband’s giant genius brain to mush, would ya?  You’re blocking the TV,” Bucky snorted as he rolled over to reach for the remote.
“I love to see you like this.  So beautiful, without the weight of the world on your shoulders,” Tony sighed softly, his hands running over Steve’s sweat-slicked skin.  “How do you feel?”
Steve frowned. “That is what you said before you flew inside the leviathan.”
,” Steve admitted to himself.
Well, shit, Steve managed to think about two seconds before an alarm started blaring and the room filled with armed men pointing guns at him while Steve stood there with his hands fisted at his sides.
When they reached the vestibule with the bank of private elevators for the suites, Steve slowed, pulling a little on Tony’s hand.
“If you had one of those, maybe you could find him,” Tony said, in his eager, I-have-an-idea voice, so simple and sure.  Steve had heard it directed at bots and equations and blue-veined schematics too many times not to recognize it, the pure, blinding thrill of that moment.
The door to the garage was closed and, presumably, locked, which seemed to give Tony some comfort. For a lot of reasons, Steve saw no reason to inform him that the gesture was useless.  He knocked lightly and glanced up at the security camera hovering above the door. That was new.  He tried to fix his face into a smile.  It felt like trying to put on a mask that didn’t quite fit right, but he tried, fairly sure he was probably not managing to pull it off.
“Please,” Tony whispered brokenly, eyes blinking rapidly as he opened and closed his mouth.  Steve could feel Tony’s body stiffen under his hands, the muscles tensing all at once, like he was girding himself for a blow.  “Please.  Don’t.  I can’t—I want—just—don’t.  Please.  I can’t.”
“That makes you late,” Tony finished as his eyes found Steve’s. He was biting the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling, then gave up, a huge grin splitting his features. Tony was in his arms all of a sudden, and Steve realized by how the smaller man rocked backwards that he had been the one to move, wrapping his arms around Tony and dipping his sweat-covered forehead to rest against the other man’s.
“Everyone please ignore Stark for the remainder of the meeting,” Fury instructed. Tony shot him an annoyed look, because, really, Tony was making the most important points.  Mostly that this was Steve, and he was Tony’s Omega, and they were bonded, and what was the point of this meeting if not that?  He was sure he’d sent the agenda to everyone while he and Steve were waiting down in the isolation room.  Did no one check their email anymore?
“I’m your wingman, don’t worry. We got this,” Rhodey assured him, tapping his chest with his fist and pointing at Tony.  “You and me.”
“We’ve always known someone talked,” Tony said.  “One of the translators, maybe.  Someone put some money on the table, or…I don’t know, maybe there only ever was the one route. Rhodey thinks—but, this is really the place for this,” Tony broke off, glancing over his shoulder at the passersby.  “Ears everywhere,” he added, nodding at a young man ducking in front of them to snap a selfie.
“I said I’d go,” Barnes replied.
As he waited in Fury’s office, he systematically moved everything on the man’s desk ever so slightly, just an inch or so to the left, so it would be as disconcerting as possible. When that didn’t produce Fury stalking dramatically through the door, he reprogrammed the voicemail greeting on Fury’s phone. That was going to end up with a few awkward messages, Tony strongly suspected.  He was debating redoing the keyboard configuration from the traditional qwerty to something vastly more creative when the man himself appeared, circling around his desk and blinking his one good eye in confusion at the slightly altered placement.
, the King said, eyes lighting up, while Steve stared incredulously at him.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, frowning as he approached the figure by the table.
“Tony,” Jarvis said around a sigh.
Before he went away.
“Always,” Tony replied quietly.  “So, what’s this idea of yours?”
A million.
“Everyone, this is Tony.  Tony, meet my best friend Bucky, his wife Natasha, and this is Sam Wilson, he’s a veterans counselor down at the VA.  Former pararescue.  We worked together some back in Afghanistan.  And Thor, he was in our unit for a tour, and now he… hangs out with astrophysicists in the desert most of the time.”
Steve stood up from the table, and Tony followed suit, hunkering at Steve’s side as they left the restaurant.  He knew people were looking at them.  People were drawn to Steve, to whatever it was about him that screamed power so loudly even the Betas could hear it.  People wanted to be near him, catch his attention, find a bit of reflected glory, who knew?  It still boggled Tony’s mind that he was the one next to someone like Steve.  He almost looked back at the blonde Omega, with her painstakingly careful dye-job and bowl full of please-don’t-leave-me salad, dressing on the side, but he didn’t.  It would’ve been with pity, and that wasn’t fair to her.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve said. He tightened his grip on Tony’s hand and felt Tony’s hand do the same.  “Always.”  Steve felt Tony relax and heard him let out a breath. He smiled up at Steve.
“You’ve been here before,” Steve guessed.
“It might be a thing,” Steve said evenly, eyeing Fury.
His cock throbbed painfully against his stomach.  He shouldn’t want this.  He shouldn’t.  But, God, he did, he wanted this so badly.  Exactly this.  To not think, to not be able to do anything, to just have to be here, a hole for Tony to fill, to use for his pleasure, it was almost too much.  The only thing that kept him here at all was the constant, aching pull of the chain on his nipples, a painful reminder each time he moved that wouldn’t quite allow him to drift completely away.  He suspected that was Tony’s purpose in this.  Part of it, part of whatever this was, was that Steve needed to give himself this, too.
“I don’t want to be tied up.  Or hit.  Or…anything like that,” he finished.
“Shut-up, Clint,” Bucky snapped at him.   “Steve—“
A leper, perhaps, Steve considered.  Or someone horribly disfigured, maybe even from birth.  Someone who felt they couldn’t be a part of the rest of the world, and was forced to live a life of solitude.  It made a certain amount of sense.  There was Lottie, the stonemason’s daughter who was burned by boiling water when she was little, and look at how people treated her, as if the scars somehow made her less of a person, both feared and reviled, but never really accepted.  If such a person had the means, a life in isolation like this might be appealing, Steve surmised.
That was impossible. What a ridiculous thought, Steve mentally chided himself.   One of the blows got a piece of his ear, that was all, and knocked his hearing out of whack for a bit.  Hadn’t he felt the blood leaking from it when he rubbed his ear earlier?  That had to be the explanation, he figured.
“Obadiah, do shut up,” Peggy snapped, hands on her hips.  “
Steve’s eyes immediately searched the room for Cam, panic pumping through his veins.
The praise washed over Steve like a warm wave, making his body feel buoyant and loose.  He looked at the strap.  Tomorrow, he would have to think the words aloud. Tomorrow, he would betray the words that Tony so often asked of him.  Tomorrow, he would pick up something he’d left behind all those months ago as he sank into the cold grip of the Dark Sea.  Tonight, though…tonight, he would be good for Tony.
“Yeah, well, no one else seems to. Your bestie hates my guts,” Brock said.
“Language,” Steve admonished lightly.
The whole evening felt like a dream.  Far too surreal to be real and more real than anything else had been in a long time.
“I…” Steve started.  Stopped.  Shook his head and felt his jaw clench.  He was messing up, somehow.  Doing this wrong, and the King was going to send him away and Zola would be waiting. Waiting with the boy, and it had been so easy to slip beneath the waters, where it was dark and cold, and this was so much harder.  He drew in a shaky breath.  The King was watching him in silent expectation, his face hard and unreadable.  “I didn’t want you to send me away, Your Highness, and I…I just knew it would work.  When you asked.  I could see it, in my head, that it would work. I couldn’t build it, or tell you how, but…” he trailed off, shaking his head in apology.  He wasn’t saying it right, what he wanted to say, but he couldn’t explain it any better.
“Both on the giving and receiving end of things, yes,” Tony told him.  “What? I’d never do something with you that I haven’t tried myself,” Tony said at Steve’s surprised expression.  “I used to rather enjoy that, at least when I was younger. It was good to just...be able to let go. Let someone else handle things. This could be...sometimes a release of all that pressure, let’s say.”
“She will be pleased,” Jarvis said with an air of relief.
Steve nodded, biting his lower lip a bit.  Tony sighed.  “Great.  Now I’m worried that you’re worried about me.  Fucking hormones,” Tony grumbled.  “I’m going, I’m going.  Tell Pepper she owes me when you have your Omega-Beta superfriends club meeting.  I’ll be wildly disappointed if there isn’t a handshake by the time I get back.”
“Y—yes.  Your Highness,” Cam replied in a whisper.
Tony’s head snapped up a bit at that and Steve could see the lines of his face harden.  He was about to ask what was wrong, but then, without a word, Tony turned abruptly and walked to the dining room, sitting down heavily in his chair.  Steve followed, confusion welling up inside him.  Tony didn’t speak, still hadn’t greeted him, and Steve wasn’t sure what he’d missed.  Ok, clearly, Tony was upset about something.  Well, certainly everyone had their off days.  Not like Tony wasn’t more than entitled to a few.  They ate in silence for a bit, or, rather, Steve ate and Tony pushed food around on his plate, staring at it moodily.
He took the sponge Natasha handed him and squeezed as she tightened the strip of flexible plastic around his upper arm.  “You okay there, Shellhead?” she asked softly.  “Sure you’re up for this?”  Tony just looked at her dully and ignored the question, though he supposed that was answer enough.  “Okay, then,” she said quickly, bending her head to her task.   Tony felt the bite of the needle slide into his arm, and fisted his hand.
“And who am I, if I’m not really that person?” Tony asked in a low, throaty voice, canting his head to the side as he bent his head to take Steve’s nipple between his teeth and roll it, his tongue darting out to chase away the jolt of pain.  “I’m someone who takes a man who loves someone else to his bed.  I’m someone who offers a monkey’s paw to a struggling soldier.  I’m someone who wants tonight to be so good, you have my name on your lips every time you come. Who am  I, then, hmmm?  What does that make me?”
“Yes,” Steve said.  “It was alright.”
“No, you don’t.   You like…Kirk or whoever that was the other night.  You don’t even know me,” Tony protested.  “I’m—” he stopped and huffed out a bitter laugh.  “I’m a mess.  Believe me.  My life’s a literal joke, if you watch late-night TV. You’re all, Army hero, helps sick kids, sensitive side, heart of gold, and I’m…I don’t even know what I am these days.”
“Only that her Aunt left instructions in her will that it was to be given to you,” T’Challa told him.
A ripple effect, Shuri called it.  You think you’re only changing one tiny, insignificant thing, a pebble dropped into an ocean, but the ripples of that form waves that wash over everything.
“I must tell my painters to put down their brushes, my jewelers to set aside their tools, my gardeners to cease cultivating their flowers.  You put them all to shame, my beautiful one,” Tony whispered, voice rough and gravelly, and seeming to vibrate down to the hand that cupped Steve’s cheek, so he could feel the words themselves flow over his skin, tremoring though his body.
I didn’t know it was like this, Steve thought, somewhat dazedly, blinking as he watched Anthony step into the room and grip the back of one of the conference room chairs.  Had it all been just a few seconds? It didn’t seem possible. He’d thought he had known, because he had wanted Anthony, wanted someone, anyway, and it had been easy enough to make Anthony that someone, so he had thought he understood what it meant to want to be someone’s Alpha.  But this was…he was off-center with the force it, the driving need to move worlds for Anthony, to see him happy, to take care of him, protect him, belong to him. Erskine had warned him, all those years ago, hadn’t he? Had it been a warning? It seemed like a promise now. Prophecy.  He didn’t know.
The cultural taboo against directly looking at or speaking to an Omega at this stage of their Heat was some vestige of a time when they all had to pack themselves in caves to avoid being eaten by things with big, sharp teeth, and this was the only way to grant the Omega some privacy and probably avoid a bunch of Alphas clubbing each other to death. Steve bumped against his back when Tony came to a halt, then showed no inclination to move away. Tony couldn’t help but relish it a bit, the way Steve sought him out, wanted to be close to him, to his scent. Sure, that too was a throwback, but it was nice. Reassuring. Comforting.
“There was nothing you could’ve done, Tony.  The medicine we had wouldn’t have done much of anything for me, and I couldn’t have kept any food down anyway.  There was no point in telling you,” Steve tried, he thought rather reasonably, but he wasn’t sure by the way Tony’s whole body stiffened.  It had seemed reasonable at the time, stuck up there in the cabin with no idea of what to do, but even now, only a week or so removed from it, it had already taken on some kind of a hazy, dreamlike quality, and he wasn’t sure how much had been his mind telling him what he needed to hear to handle the issue of Tony being injured while his own body systematically shut itself down.
He walked the few paces to the bed and sat down, grabbing the pillow and hugging it to his chest.  By day two in the Isolation Cabin, not mussing the bedspread had become a lost cause.  The closet door was still open where he had hung the clothes next to the rest of Steve’s collection of Howdy-Doody shirts, khaki pants, and the few Tony-approved choices from their shopping trip.  Neat rows of shoes lined the bottom of the closet, the leather dress shoes polished to a gleaming shine.
“Did I?  A plate? Really? Oh, gosh, it was all so long ago,” Peggy replied with a sigh and sipped her drink, though Steve caught the smirk before she did.
“Carl Estes, please,” Steve replied.
“Unfortunate,” the buyer remarked, seemingly without interest, though Steve watched as the man’s head cocked to one side, eyes narrowing as he examined Steve.  The man had a smooth head, tan skin that wasn’t from working outdoors and spoke with a mealy-mouthed precision that sounded practiced.  The man moved behind him.  Steve kept his eyes straight ahead.  Every once in a while, someone would open the warehouse’s wooden door, and he could get a glimpse of sand and a small, bright strip of blue beyond it, where the sea lapped against the grey rocks along the shore and seabirds danced in and out of the waves, looking for fish and crabs caught on the boulders.
Steve nodded, murmured his agreement and let his eyes fall closed.  He stretched, hummed, opened his eyes and smiled up at Tony with what he was sure must have been a slightly dazed expression, if the grin Tony shot him was any indication.
“Come,” Cam said, tugging lightly at Steve’s sleeve. “We should be at the table when they arrive.” Steve followed him to his appointed place next to a large cushion at the center of the table and waited. He could feel surreptitious eyes following him with interest, then slipping away so as not to gain the King’s disapproval. When Steve chanced a look at the approaching party he caught a quick glance from Tony, who took him in, and seemed to relax slightly at whatever it was he found pleasing.
being controlled.  He is! I told you!” he growled, looking down at Anto and raising his fist again.  “You lying, little—”
“The small one, yes. Janet and her friend from school, Michelle something or other. Howard wants to hire him. Vernon.  For that…project the Army wants him to work on,” Maria said, her features tightening around the words.  “He and Obie took Vernon off for a drive this morning, ostensibly to scout some land Howard is thinking about buying, but they want to talk up the company with him.  The hard sell,” she finished with an almost bitter-sounding laugh.  “They should be back any minute, in fact,” she said, glancing over her shoulder with a frown.
“Okay?  I just gave that speech, and all I get is ‘okay’?” Tony demanded in an exasperated whine.  Steve, damn his hide, just shrugged.  “I gave a beautiful, heartfelt speech, Steve Rogers, and you give me two syllables—press the damn button—two syllables, if you can call them syllables because they are basically just saying two letters, when I practically bared my soul—”
“Almost there, Tony,” Helicarrier Steve warned, pulling his cock out to drag the head along Tony’s lips, which opened eagerly as he thrust back down Tony’s throat. “Oh.  Oh, yeah, just like that, Tony.  So good for me.  Should I—do you want me to come in your mouth?” Steve asked, almost like it was just the polite thing to do.  He wiped a leather-clad thumb at the side of Tony’s eyes, then traced the line of wetness down Tony’s cheek with an odd sort of gentleness.  “You’re so perfect like this, Tony.   So beautiful.  Are you sure this is okay?” he asked again.  Tony mewled, a soft, pleading sound. “Okay. Okay, almost there, almost there, almost there,” he chanted, then pulled out and pushed back in one more time, bottoming out while Tony’s throat convulsed around his cock.   Steve’s mouth made a wide, almost surprised oh, and then he groaned, low and deep, and Tony was coughing and sputtering beneath him as come and spit seeped out of the edges of his mouth.
“It’s like you don’t know me at all,” Tony objected wearily.  “I was busy.  I forgot about the notary thing, okay?  It was stupid, and now, he’s got this Murdock person involved.  So, yeah, my bad.  It was a mistake, not Daddy didn’t love me childhood trauma bullshit.  And how does Steve even know a lawyer anyway?  They got some slip-and-fall grift going?”
“That’s an ass pressed against glass.  Could be anyone’s ass.  Anyone who just happens to have been getting…fantastically groped by perfectly shaped hands against the glass of a Ferris Wheel…what?  It happens,” Tony chided lightly.
Again.
to be good enough, were they?” he asked with a note of self-recrimination lacing his voice, though it was old, Steve recognized.
“What did he do?” the King called out.
“You don’t owe me—“ Steve started.
“Oh, Cassie’s
had ever seen.  He reached up and tapped at the cage, fascinated.  The little, golden owl raised its metal head, opened its mechanical beak and made the sound again.  As it did, Steve could see the insides of its chest whir and patter, and its wings clicked outward, then tucked themselves back into its chest.
Any. Minute.
A pair of them, suspended in clear formaldehyde, one of Hirst’s signature works. He’d known it was in the room, but that was different than seeing it in person.  In the middle of a luxurious hotel living room. Where he was about to have sex with Tony Stark.  They seemed far more predatory than they had in the pictures online, though Steve supposed that was probably his own nerves grating on him as much as anything about the piece. Still, Steve stared at the piece for a long moment, until instinct made him aware of someone else in the room.
“I don’t know.  I guess,” Steve shrugged.  “I mean, if you’re happy, then, it’s good, right?”
It was the
It was a long time, hours maybe, he wasn’t sure, before he felt the bed dip next him and Tony’s warm presence slide under the covers next to him.  Steve held himself still, feigning sleep, though he wasn’t sure what drove the impulse, except that for some reason, Tony’s time in the workshop this evening had seemed private in some way that Steve didn’t quite understand.  A moment later, he felt a light caress as Tony ran a hand gently over his hair and halfway down the curve of his back before the hand fell away.
“Wanna watch some TV?” Tony asked, head tilted to the side.
“Oh, is that how it’s going to be?” Rhodey demanded, wiping a hand over his mouth to hide the smile.  Steve and Barnes just looked at each other, then back at Rhodey.
“I would like that, too,” Steve replied finally, looking down.  If his plan worked, or, in truth, even if it didn’t, he would never get the chance to paint Tony like that.  His hands clenched into fists in his lap, and to give himself something to do, he reached for a few pieces of food, though his appetite had deserted him.
“Well, think about it,” Natasha said.  “This isn’t all there is, Steve. And this…it can be too much, this life, if that’s all you have.  I think you know what I mean.”
In the distance, Tony heard a ship’s horn sound, long, low bursts that rent the night air.  He could see the white puffs of his breath as they walked, and soon, the lights lining the river’s edge where it started to empty into the ocean beyond.
“Trees?” Steve said, trying to picture it in his mind.  “The other side of the world? Truly?”
“I lost my arm, not my hearing, Stark, and I’m fine,” Bucky barked from his place on the sofa. “Take Stevie out and show him a good time, would ya?”
“Need you now.  Every day.  I need you.  You have no idea…even this thing with Obie and the Board, it’s just easier when you’re with me.  I don’t know.  Nothing seems so insurmountable, I suppose.  Maybe because, in the end, I still have you.  So, whatever happens, it isn’t the worst thing.  It isn’t everything, you know what I mean?” Tony asked softly, canting his head at an angle while he watched Steve.
wasn’t even sure what he had done.  It all happened so fast, and it wasn’t like he planned it. Thought about it a bunch of times, sure. Planned? No.  Which is how he ended up in the middle of the road in the dead of night heading for...he looked up at the mountain...he didn’t know where he was headed.
“I’ve seen it, you know. You said so yourself.  What Bruce said about soldiers who come back…wrong,” Steve said.
else, and you’d have had it handled.  You don’t mess around when you want something done, and patience, let’s face it, has never been your strong suit, but this?  This, you let sit there.  Because it’s him.  Steve.  God, Rogers was the only one who ever…because he fucked you over, and you’re still half letting him, for some stupid-ass reason that you won’t admit to, but probably sounds a lot like your dick of a father’s voice in your head.”
Huge thank you to those still reading this (and the brave newbies, who saw a 300K WIP and said, "sure").  I am not able to respond to comments, but I read everything and so appreciate your thoughts.
“Don’t, Tony,” Natasha told him, gentler now, the pity that he’d heard earlier was back, and he looked down, almost surprised to see that he was standing next to where Steve lay on the medical table, one hand reaching for the bag she was pumping.  He pulled his hand back into his chest, recoiling from the scene in front of him, like if he didn’t touch it, it would be less real somehow.  It could still be taken back.  He could wake up.  Someone could shout, ‘Gotcha!’ and they could all laugh.  Anything. Anything, but this.
. I’m not,” Tony insisted to the quiet garage, swiveling his chair around to face the bots.  “I’m really not.”
“I did not.  YOU promised Pepper and then the two of you ganged up on me like some Omega-Beta superteam, and you used your Omega wiles to get me to agree, which completely does not count,” Tony said sternly, because that kind of emotional manipulation was just not on.
“Jarvis?” Steve questioned in obvious bafflement.  “I thought…”
“You mean it?” Tony asked, the teasing expression slipping off his face, replaced by a kind of intense vulnerability that he only rarely let anyone see. Another kind of armor, Steve supposed.
am going to class.
“Mine,” Steve sighed, a hushed, awed sound that had no business coming from Steve. The kind of sound that made Tony’s heart skip a beat and his stomach flutter while his world flipped upside down on him.
“Uh—“ Steve began from behind him, then stopped, and Tony heard a loud crunching noise, followed by a dull thud.  Tony started to turn, then found himself stopped by Steve’s hands on his waist.  He felt one of Steve’s fingers trace the sliver of skin that peeked from one of the slight gapes on each side of the flap that curved up over his bottom.  Tony sucked in a breath of air, then let it out in a hiss as a shiver ran through him.  Steve’s hands tightened reflexively at his waist, and Tony felt warm breath against the back of his neck.
“Roll this way,” Tony said softly.  Steve hummed noncommittally in response, then followed the pressure of Tony’s hand until he was on his side.  “There you go.  Good, Steve.”  Steve heard the sound of something opening, and then felt Tony’s fingers carefully rub a cold, moist paste of some kind onto his ass.  “A salve,” Tony explained.  “It will help a bit with the pain and healing.”
“Yes, exactly, the paperwork,” Tony said quickly with a spurt of relief. Paperwork. That made sense. Because of the divorce-shaped elephant in the room.
“I hardly think I’m one to ask about the provenance of the divine as to who you can love,” Tony chuckled ruefully, then canted his head to the side and smiled softly at Steve.  “I know that I love you.  I am not a man, not anymore, but...I hardly think a god who would deny what is between us is worth worshipping.”
“Don’t think those much qualify as study aids,” Steve pointed out.
“But I made the pancakes for you,” Tony grumbled.  “Well, I paid the people who came here and made the pancakes for you.”
It was the same voice. The voice in his head.
“Hey, it’s okay, shhh,” Tony husked out, all breathy and soothing.  His hand was making slow circles on Steve’s chest, knuckles dragging through the droplets, like he was spreading them out over a canvas.  “You don’t have to. I’m gonna think about it, though.  When it’s just me, you know.  Gonna think about you touching these gorgeous tits of yours.  You don’t mind, do you?” Tony asked, glancing up from his ministrations to look at Steve from under impossibly long, wet lashes.
“There’s a witness,” Pepper said. “From the penthouse. Someone was up there and supposedly overheard the whole thing with Stern.”
“The Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory,” Tony amended when Steve gave him a blank look.  “They’re trying to detect cosmic gravitational waves.”  Among other things that Tony wasn’t supposed to have been hacking into the MIT and Caltech servers and reading up on.  Also, probably not the National Science Foundation servers, either, but it wasn’t his fault the firewall was clearly built by the same people, so that door had practically already been open for him.
