she asked right away, the tone changing noticeably from professional to concerned.
“Colonel, I’m not asking you to change the way you see me,” Steve offered trying to approach Rhodes from yet a different angle. “I know that I can't get everyone to like me and it's not my goal in life. I just want you to, not even to approve of us, but to accept our relationship for Tony’s sake.”
to say! What happened to the freedom you always appear so fond of? You can’t just fuck my brains out and expect everything to be peachy!” With a firm glare directed at Steve, Tony tried to explain with his arms just how angry the brunette was and how not-forgiven Steve was, “You’re just too-!” the genius continued, struggling with the spell to find the right word to curse the supersoldier with, “Fucking bossy! And way out of line!”
“Would you like to ride it? Its name is Mephisto, he is a war stud.” The alpha lord offered without noticing Anthony's cold manner or simply not caring.
Now that he was forced to look at the open space of the warehouse and that his son wasn’t being shot at the immediate moment, Tony could finally take in the scene. Judging by his stance, Peter had frozen mid-step in his one-track mind mission of freeing him and had stopped when he saw their kidnapper put a gun to his dad’s head.
After that they’d been forced to come clean with the whole team.  Ever since, Tony had been afraid of Jan’s lecherous smirk, whilst Steve had made her his go-to person when he had relationship problems.
“Again, or
“Well, he is rumoured to be quite…” James searched for the word, apparently impressed with Steven's omega antics. “reckless.”
“Who won?” Steve asked with sincere curiosity, instead. He wasn't as surprised as his boyfriend was; Steve had been suspecting for a while now that the team was up to something in regards of Tony and himself because of the frankly inappropriate questions that they kept asking him and the whispering that started every time Tony and Steve left a room.
He wasn’t about to accept his fucked up destiny quietly just because of that, though. He was better than that.
“Don’t presume that I need his permission to do anything, Captain.” Rhodes seethed, taking a step out into the hall to get face to face with the super soldier. “Besides, I don’t think he would even vouch for you; he’s pretty upset.”
“I must admit that there has always been this special vibe between you, even from when I used to live in the tower I was aware of it. I am not saying it is impossible that he returns your feelings, but-”
he meant Tony. “Besides,
“I have the right,” Steve revealed and followed his statement with a chaste, loving kiss, “I have the right to demand things out of you, Tony; you gave it to me. Just like I gave it to you. We have to talk about this.”
the marks on your body were mine alone. I felt as if I owned your body and you weren’t even aware of it.”
“I know you only want what’s best for the boss and I don’t think there’s anyone better suited to deal with him and keep him alive at the same time.” Happy complimented while pointedly looking at the road. Steve couldn’t stop the smile reaching his face at the words. He felt a little guilty for doubting Happy’s honest and free spirit. “Pepper does think so too, by the way. She’s just holding a grudge for what she calls ‘Tony mopping over me for months while I had to deal with everything at the company at the same time!’ stage when you were still fighting like five-year-olds. In reality, she’d blamed you for saying stuff that hurt the boss at first, but she’s over that, she knows it was a two way street and she can see how good you’re for the boss.”
Far from giving up at the face of Tony’s antics, Rhodes sighed and reached in the cupboard where he kept the coffee beans and started to brew some more, but he still tried to get a conversation that actually made sense.
At least he was one hundred percent sure that Dummy, You and Butterfingers
how you're feeling right now, not being able to fucking stop. Serves you right, Icicle.”
“Do you want to say something, servant?” Lord Obadiah asked mockingly as if daring him to speak up before his supposed masters. The utter bastard.
“Be such a sap! A fucking perfect, huge, muscley, ridiculous, sap?”
the Shovel Talk; he probably lost hope on being on the good side of everyone. But she came around!"
“WHAT?! What
“We are all a family, I agree, but it won’t break apart if we have an argument, Tony. That’s just part of life and, let's be honest, it's a part of how we communicate with each other. If it’s not you and me fighting, then it could be Thor and Clint over the remote, or Janet and Hank if you want an example more relationship-wise. I mean, they
“Well, there are generally three problems with that request,” Wanda informed and Steve deflated a little. “Number one: I cannot allow such a thing to fall into the wrong hands.” Before Steve could protest, she continued; “But that’s not going to be a problem since I trust you and I can't imagine you asking for this if it weren’t your last resource. Even though, I would have to make the proper amount for just one use and one use only.”
“Does this mean I can kiss you?”
“Hey, you shouldn’t be. Stop looking at me like that, Steve.” Steve knew he meant the pained face he was probably pulling right now. “I called you a brainless gorilla wrapped in a flag. I think we’re even.”
The rest, Steve noticed, were still staring at them intently.
Without much of an option, the Colonel followed his friend and refilled his cup with the last of the beverage when Tony finally relented his hold on the pot with a clear sign that he expected more coffee to appear within the promptly future.
“You can’t begin to understand how happy you just made me with those words,” Steve continued softly, kissing Tony on the space between the eyebrows, “I feel like I could live forever just for the memory of them. But it breaks my heart that you want to apologise for the best thing that has ever happened to me.”
But then again, he felt very stupid for not thinking of the Big Cavalry himself.
“Steve…” Tony whispered breathlessly as if in a trance, looking at him as if he had hung the stars in the sky while they were kissing. His lips were red with their kissing, even redder than when all their discussion started. It took all of Steve’s will not to start kissing him again, or just plain throw him over his shoulder, take him to his room and continue what they started moments before their argument broke up.
“I don’t think that Colonel Rhodes would do something like that.”
He took a calming breath, if Steve was going to hear the details of the rapist situation, he wanted Tony to explain it to Steve himself. That last one, though, the ‘playboy ways’, he
if something happened to you?! What were you-?!”
“Talked to him?” Anthony chorused with a scoff, “He wouldn’t stop asking me to dance with him, even when he’s a dreadful dancer. Well, just not
It didn't come as a surprise to Steve Rogers when he first realized that Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes had some kind of problem with him. It wasn’t a secret either, or at least the Colonel didn’t waste much effort in trying to hide it any time he was anywhere near Steve.
With a loud creak of wood lashing out, the first trap went off just a few meters away from Anthony, accompanied with a pitiful wail from one of the unlucky creatures. The closeness of the sound had the brunette scared enough to finally surrender to his survival instinct and call for the only person who perhaps could hear him this far into the woods.
“Oh, come on, that means nothing,” Tony was obviously trying to pull it together so fervently that Steve wanted to cry in the face of absurd denial. How far would this man go in order to tear them apart even if he obviously didn’t want to?
“Damn it, Tony!” He cursed with his Captain America’s voice, losing his internal battle and being the first one to resort to screaming. He got so upset about the comment that he immediately separated their bodies enough to shake Tony a little. The anger that he felt when the argument had first started returned to him with a force equal to a punch from the Hulk. “We have been through this, so drop it! You can’t do or say anything to change my feelings for you! Why is that so hard to understand?!
“Indeed, my friends!” Thor boomed happily taking a step to be front and centre of their little circle, “Rest assured, I did not cheat as I recall warning the participants of this mighty competition of divination that I was an expert in the matters of the heart!”
Tony to understand something first.
He thought about everything; every smile and tear, whisper and scream, caress and blow.
?” Rhodes finally asked with a scowl. Steve understood right away what he meant.
many ways.”
he’s nothing but a big-mouth-alpha, he
"Because I trust you the same as you trust me. Because I know you and I know all this drama –yes, shut it, what we are doing here is a drama– it's just another excuse for you to bail on us because you don't want to end up getting hurt."
“Your denial has gone too far, Tony. You don’t have to lie to me to convince yourself,” Steve interrupted Tony’s insulting excuses, “I’m not you, I can actually come to terms with my own feelings and the ones of the people around me. Why can’t you just accept it? Why are you trying so hard to keep us from what could be a wonderful thing? From what
“Including Peggy and my own mother. Including America and my shield.”
honeybear!” Tony teased with a smirk on his face, obviously trying to make light of the situation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who is this new guest in your castle?” Steven asked after a long silence filled with caresses and sounds of contentment from both of them. Steven rubbed circles on Anthony’s back while the genius did the same to the blond’s chest. “Who’s so important that
“You can ask me something,”
Everyone got silent in shock when the words came from the less expected person in the room: Steve.
The moment Steven let him go, Anthony was capable of appreciating more of the alphas features. His lover had a masculine face with a strong, powerful jaw and a large but sharp nose that perfectly matched his frowning lips. With all the commotion, Anthony wasn't capable of acknowledging his alpha's attire, and even if it was over now, he was too close and too mesmerized by the sky blue eyes staring back at Anthony for him to care.
“It really is,” Steve conceded.
He went to the door and yanked it open, although just enough so that his body stood between the man on the other side and his living room.
, Steve!” Tony finally screeched while punching the wall where he had been leaning against. Just where Steve had left him. “There is no us and there won’t be
as if you were asking for the nocturnal predators to eat you!” Yes. The glare was back.
“I do,” Steve knew it was now or never. “I love you so much; more than anything I have ever loved in my life, and it kills me that I had to resort to this so I could get an honest answer from you.”
“I’m not changing anything, I’m just–!”
“Of course not,” Tony denied immediately shaking his head, “I really like it when you’re down here keeping me company, but I’m afraid I will say something I shouldn’t when I’m
But he wanted, no,
Steve was now seeing red. He knew what exactly the Colonel was bluntly hinting about; he could almost see Tony in front of him calling him a laboratory experiment just after he told him in lot of words how he was such a
“Don’t be absurd; you could’ve easily pushed her away before the whole world took a picture of your little display. I think you can handle a fucking girl in the strength field, super soldier.”
For one instant there, he wanted to ask about the so called rapist. It was something that had been nagging him since it came out of Rhodes’ mouth. But considering the urge of shaking answers out of his lover so he could hunt down the responsible and make them pay dearly, he decided, for the sake of avoiding a big argument, to voice his other concern instead: “I never apologized for the things I called you when we met.” He confessed finally.
Rhodey ignored him in order to snatch the phone once again. He stood up using Tony's body as support and began to dial the apparently forbidden numbers, completely unwilling to be distracted from his goal. He decided to continue talking as if hadn't been interrupted. “Besides, I’m not willing to do the back and forth jabber you do with her; it’s annoying as hell. So shut your trap until she answers me.”
“He is worth it to me!” Steve exclaimed, slamming at the table once again and this time he heard a distinctive creak, “You are worth it to me! I don’t give a damn if you think you're scum or anything you got inside your stupid head! That’s right! Don’t look at me like that! Even though you're a genius, you're pretty dense! I just want you to take your head out of your ass for a second and admit that you love me! That we can be great together!”
Steven hesitated before answering, “Tony was the one who insisted. He said that he didn’t want his beloved,” Steven went a shade of red at his own words, “to call him anything like ‘Royal Highness’ or ‘Lord Anthony’. He said that he had enough of that for when we meet in public; he wanted to be more than just a title to me.”
With JARVIS he had never had a problem before and they have actually teamed up against Tony before. So:
“Yes,” came the immediate response while Tony was making himself comfortable on his lap. “You do; you own everything I am and it’s so goddamn unfair.”
As if to prove Steve's thoughts right, Tony’s hands let go off his shirt to move them slowly up along the supersoldier's chest and to surround gently Steve’s neck. Steve grabbed the opportunity and angled Tony’s face using his grip on the brunette’s jaw while the other slid from the wall to pull Tony impossibly closer to him. They kissed like that for what felt like hours, Steve denying any attempt from Tony to deepen the kiss, wishing for this peaceful, gentle moment to go on for as long as it could.
“I almost lost you,” Steven whispered while lifting Anthony enough for him to bury his nose in his omega’s neck, squeezing as hard as he dared. “If I had been even a second late, you would’ve been…”
He also knew that he was probably very far from forgiveness and he had to make amends.
. He had been wrong. Rhodes didn’t like him because of the way he had made Tony feel the first few months, when they were fighting over every single thing, just to make the other feel bad.
“You doubt them enough for you to try to find closure within the mystic ways," she insisted, "You want to hear it from his lips so you will know for sure that you’re not imagining his love expressions, that the way he speaks your name while you’re together can only mean what you are convinced it means. You want to know if your pining for him will lead to the result you seek so desperately.”
It was faint, but the miracle came. Not in the way that Anthony grew wings to fly away from certain death, but in the form of a human response above the wolves’ barking. “Tony! Tony, where are you!?”
“Shame.”
“I was there when it happened, okay?!” Tony exploded jumping to stand and making the chair fall backwards with a loud crash. “I was fucking there when they were kissing!”
“Before you ask why I’m here: I just don’t want to stay in the Tower right now and I can’t go back to the Malibu mansion because I have an important and boring meeting this morning and Pepper would fucking skin me alive if I don’t show up in time.” Rhodey was about to comment on the billionaire’s babbling when Tony asked, “Do you have coffee?” and without waiting for an answer, he went into the kitchen in search for his equivalent of a Holly Grail.
“Dad!” Peter called suddenly and Tony snapped out of it when he noticed that Thug-number-one was moving them towards what looked like a well-camouflaged door. Despite his concussion-induced dizziness, Tony tried to move away from his captor, but the hard press of the gun’s barrel into his skull was warning enough. He didn’t want to die in front of Peter, so he would have to dial down the risk-taking until he found a more realistic opening.
displayed.
Noted, when he thought that he had it easy with Tony’s lack of parents to impress and apparently normal friends with normal jobs, he wasn’t really thinking of how
"Yes I am, I am jealous. But that's not important here. What is important is that I owe you an appology. Tony, I can't even begin to say how sorry I am that you saw what you did, but I know you're sure that it meant nothing to me."
“You wish,” Rhodey scuffed and a real smile turned his lips. He knew that Tony meant that he came to Rhodes’ because he needed his best friend in order to make a decision. It was a shame that the decision included Steven fucking Rogers to be forgiven, but Rhodey was Tony’s best friend because he knew to respect the genius’ decisions, even if he didn’t like them. “Pepper get’s to know everything the moment it happens god-knows-how and she tells me, so I’m second to know everything; I probably know things that haven’t even happened before you do, man.”
and the Avengers are still running."
“What?!” They both yelled, letting go of each other and turning around as fast as their bodies physically allowed to face the reinforced glass entrance where most of the Avengers were waving at them and in no way trying to hide their spying. All but Natasha who seemed to be concentrated in trying to override Tony’s security system.
getting the hell out!” he yelled diving for the crystal door.
“So what are you suggesting, Tony?” Steve asked in a dark tone, “That you don’t want me to touch you again? That we should just pretend that this never happened and move on because you honestly believe that
“I want you to be happy, okay?!" Tony screamed suddenly, but then his volume suddenly dropped when he continued, "I want you to be mine as well; I want to be with you; I want to live in a universe when you and I can be together without repercussions, alright?” the genius confessed and, for a moment, Steve's heart clenched in a mix of sadness and joy when he realized that this was Tony talking, not the spell. That he was freely choosing his words as if admitting to himself that he was as tired as Steve was for all the drama that they were carrying between them and the genius finally just wanted to honestly talk to Steve to sort this out. The blond was going to comment on it, expressing how amazing it was that they were finally on the same page, but he noticed that Tony wasn't finished and Steve immediately seized all attempts to interrupt him.
Steve suspected that Rhodes’ dislike of him was based only on superficial reasons considering he actually didn’t know the guy very well and Steve didn’t think he deliberately did something to piss him of, therefore he did not find it necessary to spend much time thinking about it and also hadn’t deemed it necessary to take the time for self-reflection regarding the situation. Besides, the super soldier had spoken to the man for no more than a few minutes a handful of times and even during those extremely rare events, they'd only talked of Avenger’s business and nothing else.
“I’m fine.” Steve lied taking a long calming breath that betrayed his words. Tony approached him carefully and put both of his hand soothingly on his shoulders, giving him a little massage. The brunette was searching for his eyes in an attempt to read the blonde better.
“And I love you, too. More than you’ll ever know,” Tony replayed clenching the hand over Steve’s chest into a fist. Steve sensed that Tony had snapped out of their sex-induced haze when he noticed that the last sentence out of the genius' lips carried an edge. With a firm push, Tony put some distance between them, "but all of this is too much, Steve."
“You know what happened;” he scoffed looking at his eyes with an expression that Rhodey couldn’t define, “You always read the paper first thing in the morning.”
“Please,” Tony begged with a cracked and pitiful voice, something Steve hadn’t ever thought possible of Tony outside a particularly intense love-making session, “My god, Steve, please, I’d do anything, don’t ask that. Please. Why are you making this so difficult?” He asked while clenching his eyes shut, “You can even ask me about my father or Afghanistan, but
His dislike for Rogers, though, didn’t automatically make him a cheating rat, and Tony would be annoying as hell – yes,
It seemed like Rogers was about to try to tackle him to the ground after the colonel's comment, but Tony, quick thinker he was, intervened hastily.
do it! But that doesn’t make it right! How
” that he would ever say regarding Steve, so naturally, Rhodey wanted to punch his sorry ass for his subtlety and mercy, only after shaking him until he came to his senses, of course.
“Absolutely,” he agreed easily. It wasn’t like he hadn’t imposed on himself the task of looking after Tony in any possible years ago.
are my world and you have already given it to me. I couldn’t possibly ask for more."
Pepper inquired doubtfully.
That's why, after 3 days of editing, I thought to myself: "huh, it's almost like a new story!" and so decided to split the last chapter and add a little epilogue. I hope you guys enjoy it and give this fic another chance.
, as if his hands were caught in motion as they intended to surround her with his arms.
"No! I swear we didn't, honeybear! You stopped us right on time." Tony promised with those ridiculous pleading eyes he oftened used with Pepper when he wanted to get out of an important meeting. Judging Rogers' expression, he knew it well, too.
“I don’t really need to hear that story…” Steve could die for embarrassment anytime now. “Ever.”
“What?” Tony now looked confused. “Is that what’s been bothering you? Why? That was like years ago.”
“Then let’s begin.”
. I couldn’t possibly be responsible for ruining another family. Not for us.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But we have to make something very clear, Tony,” the supersoldier continued, “You did
Rhodey stopped all movement.
“Steve…” Tony made a needy sound that went straight to Steve’s own arousal. When Steve cupped him fully, Tony moaned loudly.
fill the void within him in an entirely different, unexpected way. That was something he wouldn’t ever be able to repay.
Being obedient for once, Tony resumed his sprint without looking back at Steve. His alpha was damn strong, so he could easily keep at bay the beasts with the help of the traps that they had built and designed together.
They were soon involved in a series of thrust, moans and sweet confessions. If it weren’t for the fact that they weren’t able to think clearly about each other’s words, Steve would have tried to talk more about those whispered declarations. But their focus was surrounded by a different level of human nature.
?” he asked hitting the nail head on. At least he’d stopped trying to get away in favor of what seemed to be headed to a bad-cop-interrogation. “Did he say something to you?”
about it.
now.”
It only served Steven to get angrier, especially when von Doom’s arm wouldn’t leave Anthony’s lower back even when the prince kept subtly squirming.
Lord Obadiah Stane, the main reason why they couldn’t be together because of his threats and dark magic, suspected of their affair. Judging Anthony’s expression, he knew that too.
Just because he was an omega it didn’t mean that he was a skittish kitten like most of them.
The supersoldier, of course, just wanted to crawl under his bed and die quietly. He had been ready to open up fully to Tony, but not to the whole team. However, his admission of their sexual activities only seemed to amuse Tony because he started laughing at his lava-red-blush. Maybe the genius was just glad that karma was already collecting his dues.
At Tony’s obvious reluctance, Steve thought the worse, but really, he couldn’t feel hurt about it since he complained about Tony a lot in those days, too. “Please, I’m going to have to meet him eventually and I want to be prepared.” He added.
“You should probably go now before I embarrass myself further!” Tony yelled suddenly taking the tray from Steve’s hands and putting it roughly on the nearest worktable. Before the supersoldier could comment on that, Tony was right back into the blonde’s personal space trying and completely failing, to push him towards the exit. “Like I keep doing in front of you. But I’m probably very sleep-deprived.”
When Tony didn’t answer with any sarcastic come back and just pulled his cup of coffee closer to him instead, Rhodey frowned. “What happened?” he said in a voice that was more of a command than a question. He took a sip of his old coffee and took a sit directly in front of his friend so that the stubborn man would have to look at him at some point.
“What is the stable boy doing?” he asked as if confused by Steven’s supposed idiocy.
“Please don't be scared of how I feel for you, Tony. You can’t possibly imagine how happy I would be if my words wouldn’t make you this frightened, how wonderful it would be for you to feel joy about a love confession I make. In return, it would make me ridiculously happy to hear something like that from you,” as Tony chewed on his lip as if trying to stay quiet, Steve knew the time had come when he had to stop playing around and go to the core of the matter, “I really hope that you will forgive my selfishness after I ask you the main question I wish to ask. Would you forgive me, Tony?”
After what felt like a moment that Steve didn’t want to end, Tony broke the kiss too soon in order to look him in the eyes.
Steve allowed himself to be backed up a little to be able to look at the man between his arms, only to find that the glaring has stopped, but also that Tony wouldn’t meet the blonde’s eyes. Steve gently moved his left hand that was firmly planted against the wall and slid it slowly against Tony's shoulder, then up his neck, until it finally found his stubborn man's cheek to rest on. He massaged gently behind Tony’s ear for a moment, just the way the genius liked it in a subtle attempt to calm them both completely. It seemed to be working for both of them when Steven noticed that his angry panting turned back to natural, easy breathing and Tony's shoulders drop as the tension slip away from him. Finding no more resistance, Steve directed a little force into his left hand to cup that handsome face up so that Steve could meet those distressed blue eyes with his own determined ones.
“Tony,” He said as quickly as he could. Trying to decipher the meaning behind Wanda’s neutral expression at the mention of the name, Steve couldn’t decide if her eyes showed confusion or maybe shock. A few seconds passed and the witch still didn't say a thing, so Steve elaborated in case she didn't hear him correctly or just to break the awkward silence, “Tony Stark?”
But no one like Anthony.
, much less this rich
At Steve’s fidgeting and evident blushing, Jan decided to spare him a little from embarrassment and instead continued with the important topic. “Anyway, for someone like Tony, Rhodes’ opinion of you is very important. If Rhodey dislikes you, the Colonel may try to persuade Tony to move on to someone ‘better for him’” she finished, with air quotes.
“What's wrong?” Steve questioned, immediately disappointed that Tony was moving out of the range of his arms, “I thought we had it figured out.”
“Steve Rogers, stop thinking perverted thoughts and focus!” Jan nagged at him and Steve realized that he had spaced out a little.
Now Steve had to ask Tony for a new phone. It had been a while since he had felt so damn frustrated and now the poor technological thing laid spread out all over the floor where it’d crashed loudly. And he was just starting to get a grip on the texting and on the saving contacts with their pictures. The idea of struggling with a new, unknown phone just made him, if possible, more irritated.
As if suddenly turning on a really bright light, Tony looked sharply at Steve as if he suddenly understood everything that was happening in his mind.
“And he really loves me in return.” Steven decided to answer knowing full well that James was a little more than sceptic over Anthony’s feelings, considering that he only saw them together when they had to pretend to be nothing more than a servant and his prince. “Last night he almost got eaten by a pack of hungry wolves in order to see me.”
Automatically, Tony started to struggle against his hold. Steve easily ignored Tony’s protests and punches as he made his way to the workshop’s couch.
” Clint and Tony groaned at the same time. Tony going as far blushing at the demi-god's words.
what he’s going to say,” Steve stated with determination. There was no doubt in his mind. There couldn't be if he was willing to go this far.
“I just needed to clear my mind,” Tony answered with newfound confidence, “I thought it would be good to run things by you for once, since you’re the last one to get the heads up on things.”
“See? This is why I get confused when people ask me if you’re any shy in the sack.” Tony joked and pulled him down for a mind-blowing kiss.
“Lord von Doom was not asking, Anthony,” Lord Obadiah intervened darkly already from the horse he was sitting on as he was being tended by James. The lord’s always loyal henchman on the horse next to him.
“Including Peggy?” The question popped as if Tony didn’t expect it to be asked, but the hope and fear reflected in his eyes as he waited for Steve to answer were plain heartbreaking, so Steve didn’t resist the answer that he knew was coming slip smoothly out of his lips. Clear and truthful.
phone?!” Tony asked like he couldn’t believe his idiocy. “Do you have a death wish or something?!”
“This, Tony, is the exact same potion that I gave to you, an Honesty Serum, just adjusted to being able to work even with the Super Soldier Serum. I asked Wanda to do two potions for me so -”
“But it’s more about Colonel Rhodes.” He finished trying to ignore her implication. It seemed that out of office’s duties Tony was rubbing a little on Pepper, or maybe this sarcasm came with her and was the reason they got along so well.
“What are you saying? I’m perfectly awake! Vegas awake! You just don't understand my impeccable taste in music, Jay.”
As the panic of barely missing death faded a fraction and he was able to pay attention to anything else but the frantic pounding of his heart, he noticed that he was surrounded by a familiar pink magic field and all four bullets were still visible on its wall as they had been interrupted in their trajectory to Tony’s certain death.
didn’t make any sense to Tony.
“There is no
His patience was running thin. His anger growing astronomically.
She stated confidently with a hint of resignation.
And it hit Steve like Thor’s thunder; Tony was thinking about what would happen if they got together and then broke up. He was willing to put aside his desire to be happy with Steve in order to protect what all the Avengers had worked so hard to build. To maintain the status-quo that they both had broken over and over again with their fighting and general pettiness.
Captain?” he said over pronouncing the last word with fake sweetness while battering his eyelashes in a poor attempt to imitate Anthony, wanting to make fun of Anthony’s nickname and the one given to him by his beloved.
When they pulled apart for air for the third time with their breathing a little more laboured, Steve couldn't help but think, for the second time that day, that it wasn't enough. Never enough. That even though Tony had feelings for him beyond their physical attraction, that Steve's own insecurities needed to assert some kind of ownership over this amazingly stubborn man. There was a limit to what Tony's actions could mean behind shared touches and they needed to actually let words label their twisted connection and put an end to both their fears.
Steven could just imagine the too fake smile on his lover’s face; it was almost enough for him to relax a little, only to tense ten times more when the duke in question made his way to Anthony's space and took him by the waist as if he owned him.
It wasn’t long before murderous thoughts crawled from a dark corner of his imagination to the surface of his mind as he analized the photograph again. Flawless plans of retribution were playing in vivid motion in his head.
, which is way better. Braver even. You should try it sometime,” the Captain implied sarcastically, “The problem is that the guy I want to be with is a total
It took stealing a quick glance at the barely visible shack and then back at the sight of the dead wolf to reassure his mind and body that it was real; that he wasn’t imagining the shield and that Steven was really there. Just then he snapped out of his scared, conflicted trance and regained the strength of his resolution and, by extension, of his legs.
With a grunt, he silently wondered who could it be at nine o’clock in the morning and was shocked to find no other than Tony Stark on the other side of the door.
needed to be done, Rogers?!”
He was almost there, anyhow; Anthony could already distinguish the marks of the almost invisible path of bindweed just ahead of him. The moment his feet brushed the hidden lane, he didn’t waste a breath to run along the now visible pathway with all his might. He knew by heart to take the left turn towards the small cottage that will surely meet him at the other end.
Thanks for reading!
A warm feeling filled Steve at those words coming from someone so close to Tony. “I wouldn’t.”
“Your loss.” Happy assured with a chuckle. “But that’s the whole point, Captain, since the moment you two stopped fighting like a divorced couple, the boss’ve been love sick. You should’ve felt the aura around him when you both were in your ‘its-unrequited-love!’ phase; he was a complete mess... more than usual.”
“And I don’t doubt that, Colonel, not at all,” he conceded. “I don’t know anyone more capable and willing –besides myself and probably Jarvis, of course–, to look out for him.”
“Hey, listen here,” Steve growled, his voice low and dark. There was no more
“No! It’s nothing like that, I promise! It’s not about Tony.” At the disbelieving scoff over the other side of the line, Steve tried to elaborate. “Well, it
we’re talking about here, Steve.” Suddenly, Janet was completely serious. “I mean, if we’re protective of him, can you imagine how protective someone who has been with Tony through all of his problems since they were like, sixteen would be?”
He greeted everyone with a “good morning,” and a small wave, and was equally acknowledged by the others with a couple of small nods, a jovial ‘morning!’ and even a hung-over ‘what’s so good about it!?’ from Clint.
Unjustly, he only counted with two advantages against the beasts: the memorized and familiar lane, and a greater motivation than just a possible satisfied stomach.
“Because you have all of me and you don’t even have to ask for it. And you’re nowhere near mine.”
“Maybe that’s why I’m trying so hard for you to approve us being together,” at Rhodes poorly disguised confused expression, Steve elaborated, “Because I know what it means to care for someone to the point of wanting to shield them even from themselves. It’s even easier to understand you when it’s the same person we’re worrying about.
And in the middle of the fight was Steve.
“Shut up,” Steven demanded with a scoff, but secretly revelling in the fact that he had someone who mocked him about his relationship with Anthony. It made it more real. “You know why he calls me ‘Captain’, and ‘Tony’ may not be much of a nickname, but it comes from somewhere deep, so don’t mock it. Not even his family calls him that.”
"Before you accuse someone of oversharing, I can assure you that you guys are totally obvious and we all have known for a while." Storm clarified with a smile.
Suddenly, Steven was looking directly at his eyes, his expression as serious as it gets. Without blinking, he stated without a doubt in his voice; “I’m yours as I’m able to be. And maybe not now, but I will one day be able to give you the world you deserve.”
“But what did he tell you exactly for you to be this angry? I’m thinking that that was a really nice phone, so
“Tony, for a genius you’re a total idiot, you know that?” Steve made sure that he was making eye contact with Tony to make this point. It was easier now that they were almost at the same eye level to see the change of expression from aroused to insulted.
“Damn, it's hard to think about the future when all I want is to go for a round two with you," Tony declared unwillingly, making them both separate a little to look at each other's surprised faces, "Sorry, I know it was out of place, but it’s just too fucking hard to concentrate when you are shirtless and touching me. Fuck! I can’t control this shit! Make me shut up, Steve!”
“Only three should be adequate.” Lord von Doom replied instead while stepping away from the stall and dragging Anthony with him so the stable boys could do their work faster. He was obviously sending the message that he didn’t like to wait. “And do be quick, this place smells horrible and I want to leave as soon as possible.”
“Fuck.” He cursed and shut the front door quietly as he re-entered the apartment. He knew since he first spoke to the soldier that he was determined to speak to Tony came hell or high water and it was just a matter of time before he got to do it, or at least a location in the off chance that Tony really wasn’t here. Still, misunderstanding or not, it was Rhodes’ job as a friend to give him the hardest time he could manage.
He suspected.
The genius didn’t try to spare a glance towards the commotion, he blindly head-butted the brute on his back, which at least earned him a grunt and the missing feeling of the gun jabbing against his back as the soldier fell with probably a broken nose. Thank god that the gun had had the safety on. Then, Tony tried to force himself out of the grip of the other two, but they seemed less put out at being unable to see and yanked him backwards and away from the flying sparks of the guns firing at where Tony had last seen his son.
"Tony, we can't have this argument over and over again."
“And now everything is all better and you love each other? Don’t make me laugh,” Rhodes continued his tone full of skepticism. “I know that Tony really cares for you, and that’s the only reason you’re still alive, Rogers. I know you’re not so dumb that you can’t see how much Tony cares for you and that he would do anything for you. So cut the crap and make your intentions clear, because I’m not buying your fucking lovey-dovey stunt.”
“It annoys me some times, but yes,” this time Tony answered resigned, knowing that the truth was bound to be known, but when more followed up, it was obvious that he was making an effort of shutting himself up but couldn't, “I love it, actually, it turns me on how good you are even when you’re trying to be bad. Oh,
They woke up with the first light of the sun; Anthony would kiss Steven for as long as he was allowed because someone had to be the responsible lover and Anthony was surely not going to be that. The alpha would say that it was already late and that they should get up. Then, they would slowly leave the comfort of their cheap bed, the only other witness of their activities the night before, and dress while throwing as much caresses at each other as they could, hidden behind playful pretensions of helping the other to get dressed faster, even if in the end it would have the opposite effect.
inside his head, knew that Rogers wanted what was best for Tony, he really did, but mistakes were going to be made by both sides and Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes will be there to make sure that the super soldier was properly harassed each time so that he would never take Tony for granted.
“She’s a dame! How could you even suggest I–!”
Rhodey sighed heavily for what felt like the millionth time that morning. At least he knew that all the trouble Tony'd caused would be paid big time with his suffering when the fury-of-Pepper fell upon the genius the moment she notices he wouldn't show up for the meeting.
“…Well, that wasn’t so bad.” By that, Steve meant
“Steve, judging by the way you ended up breaking half of the gym’s equipment (shut up! The sandbags
“No, we don't have to talk about anything,” Tony denied easily with a more forceful, useless push, “And
“I want to be able to touch you anytime I want, anywhere I want, and I want you to stay with me forever; I want us to be together, no matter what, and I want to stop saying stuff this fucking melodramatic, so I also want you to apologise every fucking day until we die for this awful fucking cheap trick that you pulled. And for what happened in the so-called Civil War," he added like an afterthought.
"Sorry about that man," he apologized to Rhodey to Rogers' dismay, "it won't happen again."
The smirk he received in reply was enough for him to ignore the confused stares of everyone else in the room, along Logan's scoff, and to resume his exit of the kitchen to head downstairs.
“You are up,” Rhodes stated. And was that anger that Steve was sensing? “Look Rogers, I don’t think I have a lot of time so I’ll cut through the crap. I don’t know what your intentions are, but let’s get this clear–”
“Yeah, she said that to me as well.” Steve confessed shrugging his shoulders.
“Wanda, I don’t doubt his feelings. Please stop trying to make me doubt them,” Steve reprimanded as gently as he could.
are all I care about;
After a few moments of stunned silence on Tony's part, obviously not knowing what to say at Steve's words, the supersoldier decided to help him a little.
Competent, dangerous and alarmingly
“Don’t be like that, Steve,” James asked with a dismissing hand. To break the sudden seriousness, he added, “Or should I say ‘
Tony Stark’s friends were
“Your
He went straight for his sniper rifle under his bed while he tried to listen to the two arguing. Apparently he missed the beginning of the conversation, since when he finally managed to understand the words behind the wall, the discussion seemed to have skipped a portion.
His initial assessment when figuring out that AIM was working with Hydra had been correct; there were definitely more Hydra soldiers than the almost dozen that he originally had counted, and all of them were hands on deck and in full battle mode.
“… Yes, he totally would. Okay, fine! We’ll go! Just give me a minute to change!”
“Of course I’m jealous,” Steven groaned while putting his free arm over his eyes to hide his face. “I´m an alpha male, I want to reap apart every single person who looks at you in a lusty way all the time. Not to mention what I want to do to whoever touches you in general. And let me tell you, that’s
Tony’s embrace made Steve relax his serious stare a little, and he was unable to stop the warm smile that followed his lover's actions.
Steve had proposed the idea to Wanda when they were nearly finished with Tony’s vial. He had hesitated to ask her before because he hadn't wanted to inconvenience her even more with another favour, but he had spent sleepless nights thinking about how he wanted Tony to be honest to him no matter what but also how he wanted to give Tony the same treatment in return. Wanda had agreed wholeheartedly.
“Steven Rogers! Put me down this instant, you fucking tyrant! You will- oof!” and down he went not-too-gently when Steve dropped him on the couch. Before Tony could recover from the shock when his back hit roughly the couch’s cushions, the blonde sat beside him and manhandled his little genius onto his lap, effectively trapping him again within his arms, “Let me go, Rogers! This isn't fair, how could you?!”
“You… you hexed me,” Tony whispered even lower in disbelief, then, he seemed to snap out of it and the fury came back tenfold, “Oh my god! You hexed me!” When he made to pull away, Steve easily let him, “Get out!” the brunette demanded with a shove to blond's shoulders, “Get the fuck out, Steve!”
people, no matter how perfect one of them is, and just how imperfect the other half of that equation is, you can't just decide to–"
Instead, he tightened his grip until he saw a small wince show on Tony’s face, and then he squeezes a little more until the genius stopped struggling in order to glare a Steve freely. As Tony allowed some twisted version of calm take over his features, Steve was able to relent his hold enough for it not to hurt anymore without losing any ground, "Calm down, let's talk for once."
” Bucky whispered in a last attempt to calm him with just that one, meaningful nickname. It didn’t work completely; it wasn’t the right voice coming from the right lips. But it worked good enough.
“Yes, preferably by my hand.” Rhodey said dead serious. The honesty in his tone made Tony make a double take and drop his jaw a little in shock.
“That’s certainly not true.” Steve refused to believe that the way people these days saw commitment was anywhere near true. Especially when they were so open-minded about a lot of other stuff nowadays. “Tony and I fight every now and then and we are perfectly fine.”
His ex-husband didn’t seem to think much about it, he just got in front of Peter and spat a threat to his captor, “I am going to kill you, Bates, this I swear,” if possible, Steve’s tone got even darker, but as if cutting off a wire pulling at his arm, he put his shield down and turned to Hawkeye, “Barton, let him go,” he ordered.
At Steve's silence, Tony scowled a little in suspicion. “Don’t worry; you don’t have to tell me, we had a discussion about you a few days after we told him about us, so I can easily guess.”
Steve knew he was trying to subtly kick him out, so he resorted to the always useful reverse-psychology, at least when Tony was involved.
“You did enough, Rogers, go look for him elsewhere.”
, much less
, was his first thought. The red, blue and white were replaced by full-on black. His hair looked darker as if it had toned down the blond sunshine that it used to be in order to match its owner’s transition to a darker life. His now-bearded face did nothing to hide the sharper, unforgiving and full of rage look of the supersoldier. Finally, he held a grey disc as a weapon that matched his dark uniform; similar to his symbolic shield but not quite the same.
“Tony…” Steve called with all the gentleness he could muster. He caressed Tony’s cheekbones with his thumbs to comfort him, to ask him for forgiveness and to coerce him into looking at him. Steve got the desired effect as Tony slowly opened his eyes to look him in the eye.
him? You called him to his
And there went Steve’s gratefulness for the lack of hostility down the sewer. Apparently Tony knew how to pick friends, because these ones cared enough to threaten Captain America personally one by one. But Hogan was right; he really did want to get this friends-bullying phase over with.
A small silence took place as Tony seemed to search for something in Rhodey’s eyes. When he appeared to be satisfied, he let go a long suffering sigh.
That was probably why when he saw the headline on the first page of a neatly folded Daily Bugle, he thought nothing but an easy
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m trying to move
that thought he was too much for this world, could talk to
“It never is with unfaithful scum, Captain,”
WHAT happened? This all started as a challenge to myself to write a 1500-2500 word story, and look at this! Challenge FAILED. That being said, I was going to wait till I reached 100 kudos to post the next chapter, but I couldn't get them before Monday (the promised update date), so this is for the 97 people that kudoed my first chapter! You rock!
He was human, after all, and his patience had its limits.
“Steven.” Bucky whispered in warning directly in his ear just as Anthony turned to look at him with the most pleading eyes Steven had yet to witness.
“Mm, already, soldier?” Anthony asked teasingly, lovingly. “You certainly recover fast.”
“But you decided, with all your genius, I’m sure, to come to the
“I didn't ask you if Stephen was or wasn’t here, and your expression clearly says that you need something of a personal nature,” She said knowingly, deciding to ignore Steve’s attempt to change topics. At Steve’s hesitance, she decided to give him a little push. “Whatever you were going to ask Dr. Strange, you can ask the same to me, I’ll do my best to help you.”
“Now, we’re even. You can ask me anything you want as well and I will have to be truthful to you, too.”
felt my heart
we can actually pull this off."
Oh, gross, Rhodes refused to listen to
“Desperation,” Steve completed for her, not wanting her to finish her sentence to try and dissolve his resolve about this, inner voices be damned. He was pretty sure of what Tony was going to say. No, he was
It wasn’t long before they laid satisfied between the sheets of the small bed in the cottage. They knew it was meant for just a person, but they never did anything to change it, since they didn’t need more space. Anthony was more on top of Steven than in the bed, anyway and that’s how they preferred it.
Steve knew it should feel weird to hear this kind of stuff from someone other than Tony himself, but he couldn’t help the pleasant curling of his stomach at thinking that his genius has loved Steve for as long as he’d loved him.
“Of course you are,” the genius conceded sarcastically eyeing the destroyed device. “I can even see the wonderful piece of art you were trying to create with the wall, the floor and the newest Starkphone. Very modern, let me tell you.” Tony didn't give up his need to comfort Steve and he followed his walk until he was standing infront of him. At seeing his calmed, worried stare, Steve at last relaxed a little and let Tony cup his face with both hands.
“You look like a hobo.” He stated taking in the genius appearance. Tony was wearing dark pants along with a seemingly old undershirt that showed under his black, fancy and undone button up that wasn't at all flattering to his appearance considering it was missing a sleeve. He was dirty, smelly and looked out of place sitting in his spotless kitchen table. “Or a mental creature, take your pick.”
“And I will properly apologize for our display, but I am not comfortable with the idea of riding a horse which is not mine and with an alpha I barely know. It is not proper.”
“None of that, Lady Janet!” Thor boomed indignantly, “I’ve correctly predicted the exact week in which their relationship publicly began, as indicated by the Widow’s fair rules!”
“Thank you, Colonel.” Steve repeated while awkwardly standing up; his smile never faded, though. He offered his hand again, still knowing well that it wouldn’t be shaken back and the Colonel didn’t disappoint as he occupied his right hand to grab his cup of coffee and lead it to his lips instead. “I’d really like it if you’d someday call me Steve.” He threw the comment while already turning his back on the table and started to make his way towards the entrance, just in time to hear the answer.
Steve then realized that the anger wasn’t directed at him. At least not entirely.
Rogers knew in what room to look in, but it was a stupid question considering the super soldier's enhanced hearing and the probably-loud-for-him shower running.
“Okay, his part I’m gonna make a small polite resume.” Tony announced warily. Steve could tell that he wasn’t going to like it. “He said that you were nothing but a big asshole that didn’t read the files before judging me and that your ego got to the point where you couldn’t see beyond your ‘greatness’ and that you should shut the fuck up when you didn’t know shit.”
Tony was trying to keep them both from the point of no return, taking the Avengers down with them.
At Tony's enraged expression at being stopped against what he believed as a well-played retreat, Steve's effort to stay calm went to hell, again. Now he was back to being as upset
He tried to be mindful of his step, yet he almost stumbled over a big root sticking out of the ground regardless of his efforts. The brunette cursed the same way he was taught he shouldn’t ever since he was a toddler. There were moments like these when Anthony wished that he'd had the time to collect one of his inventions before venturing into the woods to better illuminate
“Um… Hi, Miss Potts, it’s-”
“How dare you, Rogers? You have no right to force me to talk to you! To do anything! Let me go fucking
“Just like you, it would seem,” Steven smiled smugly looking at the responding member between Anthony’s legs.
Anthony wouldn’t meet his eyes. Steven knew he was trying to repair the little slip with being courteous to the tall guest.
, this isn’t about you and me.” Steve demanded with the obvious intention of moving Rhodes physically if necesary.
Hey! Steve got a plan to see Tony! I want to edit the next chapter as soon as possible, but I had this fic so neglected that I actually have been doing a lot of editing and taking a lot of time and I didn't get my 50 kudos to force me to write faster. Furthermore, please remember that English is not my first language, so if you find something very annoying in my spelling or vocabulary, please tell me so I can fix it ASAP.
“I can’t,” Tony whispered with obvious distress, all the fight gone. The drop in volume was so sudden that Steve almost couldn’t hear him even despite his super-hearing. “Steve, I can’t, so please let it go. For both our sakes,” he begged.
And he felt guilty enough for someone who hadn’t even been there to add to it.
? You have nothing to threaten me with, Captain, you’re clearly going to kill me either way. Or at least, you’ll try.” Bates answered with way more confidence than Tony was comfortable with, he just made a point of it by embracing Tony to him harder, making sure he didn’t leave any openings to an attack and in the process making pressure on what probably was a bruised rib. Really? Fuck this guy. Though, Steve looked impossibly more murderous by the hydra soldier’s lack of compliance, “Either you keep the kid and let me walk away with your husband-”
and had been denying his feelings for me for
, then it would be a hungry magical creature.
“I don’t want to dump him, Rhodey.” Tony admitted quite lamely still from his defeated position on the ground. He was probably feeling so down that being on the floor gave him some kind of mental comfort. Or so Rhodey thought because his friend seemed unwilling to stand up, as if he lacked the energy or the will to do it. “I don’t want to give our relationship some time. I don’t want to freaking break up with him.”
For Steve.
Wanda’s warnings had held some true, after all. The tightness of Steve's chest only intensified as he waited for Tony to be taken by the enchantment he was most feverishly fighting to honestly answer the question. He knew that he was betraying Tony’s trust and he was determined to make it up to him, no matter what. No matter the answer. He swore that this was the last time he allowed his selfishness to hurt Tony.
Steve didn’t know if he was more grateful that this didn’t end with violence, or because the word being repeated again and again in Steve’s head led to the possible scenarios of Tony’s face and actions when he told him later about it. Overall, he was glad that he’d tried to communicate with the stubborn Air Force Colonel once more.
Steve responded in kindly. He decided to stop it after a while when he noticed that there were too many clothes between them.
Bates shook him into silence, hustling again his wounds enough for him to gasp in pain, making Steve resume his stare-of-doom, and the Hydra soldier allowed himself to continue as if Tony hadn’t said a thing, “or I will kill him and you will kill me. Nothing else to it. So, either we both die or we both live. I don’t care much which one, mind you. I have been ready to die for Hydra since my enlisting, and what a way to go: taking Captain America’s true love down with me and leaving his only son traumatized? Beautiful.”
At her silence, Steve wished he could be face-to-face with Tony’s right-hand-woman so he could gauge her expression, which was probably somewhere near astonished. “Miss Potts?” he asked tentatively.
"Just get out so your cheating boyfriend stops getting all my apartment wet." Rhodey said dryly.
To the Captain, it was clear that Rhodes was a military man, and therefore likely appreciated practicality and a straight-to-the-point attitude in his his interactions with others. It was an attitude Steve understood and was familiar with, from his time during the War, and so he should have felt at ease around the Colonel. However, Steve was distinctly uncomfortable around Rhodes, though. The discomfort that he felt around the man was obviously due to the Colonel making a conscious effort to make the supersoldier feel about two centimeters tall. Every time Steve opened his mouth in an attempt at small talk, to get to know his boyfriend's best friend better, the man in question merely gave him an undecipherable look, and Steve's words would fail him.
shower, Tony."
“Captain,” she finally interrupted him to disperse the awkwardness of the situation, “What is it that you need?”
Just how long were these people outside the workshop spying on them. Steve made a mental note to ask Jarvis later.
“Steve!” he yelled while trying to go even faster; trying to defy all the laws of science he had gathered after his numerous experiments. However, before a miracle could happen, the wolves responded first at the rise of his voice with a chorus of barking, making it impossible for Anthony to hear if someone had heard his scream. “
“So this is what this is all about to you? You’re pulling the ‘an eye for an eye’ game here? This isn’t a game, Rhodes, this is about Tony and-”
I totally believe you took the same thing,” Tony declared after a small silence took place in which Steve tried to get his skin colour to resemble something at least more human, “It really is a bitch not being able to stop, isn’t it?”
to kill yourself?! What would I
“It would be if the spell would only last for the moment you interrogate him, but considering this is the first time that I prepare this particular hex, I don’t know the exact duration of its effects. You will have to keep him isolated so no one tries to take advantage of him and you must protect him from any harm while the spell last.”
One more to go.
“To my initial surprise, I found that they were really scarce the girls that complained about the boss’ treatment; most of them were already dialing on their mobiles to brag about it the moment they’d get in the car, or they were just happy that they managed to get into boss’ drunken pants.”
” He tried louder after almost stumbling.
Some of you may have noticed I was trying to hone my description skills in this chapter. Boy, did I struggle. But how did I do? I hope you liked it and could clearly imagine the whole ballroom and the beautiful romantic scene. With that! I finish updating this story and leave this chapter as its end, hoping that one day I'll be able to finish the whole story. Thank you for all the kudos, comments and hits. See you in another one of my stories!
“Well, yeah, it surely seems that way,” Tony nodded towards the newspaper that Rhodey forgot over the microwave.
“I really am, yes, I was surprised at first, but then I came to terms with my feelings for you and I knew that given the chance, I would mark you all over so that the world could see how mine you are and how yours I am.”
Steve didn’t know what to make of that.
“We are not idiots, and every time we have learned from our mistakes. Besides, I believe that we can be fairly selfless when it matters. Tony, we complement each other, we challenge each other to be better every day, we have screwed up so many times that we can predict our next screw up. There is no way that you and me together, as a united, unbreakable front, would fail at keeping what's important to us.”
“You obviously don’t! I had to sidestep your bodyguard in order to get to
“Maybe he thinks that Rhodey will come around?” she asked hopefully stretching her tiny hand to take the one that Steve wasn’t using to hold his cup of coffee. It was then that the super soldier realized that his own cup had turned cold as well, so he put it on the table beside Jan’s, using it so that both of his hands covered one of hers in appreciation.
“What about-”
Steven scoffed at the understatement to describe his Tony’s antics. “That doesn’t
“Sir, I’m sorry to intrude,” came JARVIS’ mechanical voice from the ceiling.
.” He teased with a little smile.
It was something in the wording of the last phraise that had Steve understanding just how important Rhodes was to Tony. No ‘fuck off!’, nor ‘go stick your nose wherever it’s your business’, not even ‘leave
Anthony stiffly turned his back on Steven to regard the duke. “Certainly, Lord von Doom, you are quite considerate.”
“I wished to see you,” Anthony cut through his million questions summoning his most endearing face in the hopes that it would quell his beloved's anger even just a little. “I just truly wanted to see you and we had agreed to meet today, so I came. Didn’t you wish to see me as well?”
He went to the kitchen to grab the key for his room and opened it as quietly as he could. Thankfully the guy did close the bathroom’s door so he didn't have to be especially sneaky.
“Yes,” Steven replayed in defiance at the same time that Anthony yelled “No!”
The endearing term immediately went straight to Steve's southern regions and the blush on his face returning three-fold. However, before the blond decided if the next course of action was to say something in return, hide his face between his hands or just plain push Tony down the couch again and do him thoroughly, they were interrupted.
The Lieutenant Colonel tried to resume his reading of the newspaper when not even three minutes later, there was a quick knock at the door.
In one swift move, Steve got Tony’s face between his hands, bodies touching and blue eyes staring at him with fading anger. Tony was never good at staying mad at Steve when they were looking at each other’s eyes and the supersoldier wanted to take advantage of it.
Steve wondered if Tony would be upset if they actually got into a physical fight, because Steve could almost
“Your Highness,” Steven and Bucky said simultaneously along with a deep bow. “You would be pleased to know that they are healthy as ever, my lord.” Steve replayed looking meaningfully at Anthony, but his body language was one of an exemplar stable boy.
that overcame the brunette's deep-blue eyes when the genius reflected on Steve's words was easier to distinguish than ever.
“Well, I-”
The natural response for reading something as ridiculous as that – much to Rhodey’s chagrin – was to chuckle at the paper’s imagination and mock the journalist's professionalism. That was, of course, until he fully unfolded the newspaper and found a very clear, very undeniable picture of Steve Rogers kissing a pretty hot blonde woman, whose identity wasn’t clear from the way Rogers’ face blocked her from view; she had her hands around the icon’s neck and the super soldier’s were on her shoulders in a hold that could only be describe as
Immediately, he searched for Peter and found him stuck to the closest wall, he’d probably barely escaped the first round of bullets and guided himself with his spider-sense. However, Tony could see the two goons that were originally by Peter’s side dead on the floor, an arrow sticking out of their necks.
Afterwards, they would remain in the doorway that leads to the outside world, the one that forbids their relationship, and they would pretend they were kissing goodbye a loved one as if they would welcome back to each other later in the same day when the sun hid behind the mountains, even if the truth left many uncertainties.
“Really?”
Despite Steve’s effort of draining his quickly growing anger with a quiet sigh, he found that he couldn’t let anyone talk to him like that. Not even his lover’s best friend. “You’re being rude without a cause, Colonel, I would suggest for you to-”
“How can you even say that? Why can’t you give us a chance, Tony?” Steve asked trying to make those eyes look at him again to no avail, not without letting him go, and they were finally talking about it. “Why do you have to make something so simple this complicated?”
Tony’s real friends were, after all.
I really hope you enjoyed this chapter and that you'll leave your comments, kudos and constructive criticism! Remember that I'm not a native speaker and I sometimes need a nudge to the right grammar direction. Thank you for reading!
to you. If Tony ever found out that Steve sometimes thought that way, he would laugh at him before making bad jokes about the honorable Captain America wanting to kick ass rather than
“He didn’t know I was there, okay?” Tony clarified, but surely Rhodey was hallucinating because there was no way that Tony’s tone was a tad defensive. Of his cheating boyfriend. He surely wasn't.
“Then again, alpha” he repeated this time pointing at himself to emphasize. “I’m possessive by nature; I get all crazy when I’m around you. I can control it when there’s a lot of people because I know they wouldn’t try something funny, but you’re making this difficult by telling me you were dancing with another man after we just had amazing sex.”
the prince’s eyes were yelling desperately, only to be widened by shock when at the next moment, there was a red light evolving him like a whip and then elevating the prince as he struggled. Steven was too slow to react as his lover was thrown carelessly on the horse, right over Lord von Doom’s lap.
“This may be the smartest thing you’ve ever said, kid,” Logan stated with finality, but he still passed by Steve and clamped on his shoulder amicably, especially for Logan, so Steve took it as a subtle congratulation. The mutant didn't lose any more time and asked Storm to join him upstairs for a beer. She amusedly agreed and followed him out. At the mention of a good beer, Coulson and Luke also decided to skip the drama and go straight to the alcohol.
“It certainly does not. I don't know if you somehow missed it, but I am a genius, which means no stupidity.” Tony affirmed in a soft voice. Even if his words expressed something entirely different, that was a tone Steve knew from experience was reserved for only a handful of people. Thank God that Steve was included in that exclusive group, because if he wasn’t, he’d probably feel a little left out and even
“Steven Rogers, I am disapointed in you! I can’t believe you’re Tony Stark’s lover and you can’t think about the big, HUGE, cavalry!” she stated with somewhere between excitement and bemusement.
Anthony’s favourite lesson would be, even before mathematics and physics, horse riding. Being the only one they could spend together out under the bright sun.
“We shall celebrate!” Thor continued as if nothing had happened behind him, “We had two glorious victories today! The one where Steven and Anthony finally won each other’s heart and my mighty victory that granted me a lot of dollars to take my lovely Jane out on a mortal’s date!”
“But Pepper told me we were going to meet in a neutral zone.” Steve complained at the disadvantage of not knowing the surroundings when there was a big chance that he would need a speedy retreat.
“So? What’s it going to be? We live or we die?”
"Weren't you supposed to be the one watching my back on this?" Steve asked indignantly at the assassin.
“How could I not when I have this gorgeous alpha under me?” and before Anthony could say anything more, Steven flipped them so Anthony was back being pressed against the mattress. “Or over me… My kind of man. Efficient.”
Just like that, the Lord rode to catch up with the other two horses. Steven threw one last glance at Anthony while he disappeared from his view between the arms of another alpha. His worst nightmare happening in front of his eyes.
“And why ‘Tony’?” James asked perhaps, Steven thought, founding the nickname too disturbing from his original name, especially for a lord. He obviously thought that a normal noble would go for ‘sweetheart’ or ‘darling’ and leave his name intact. It just proved how little James knew Anthony.
“Sorry, Jan. What were you saying?” He honestly was sorry; Jan was just trying to help.
That woman can be scary as all hell when she wanted to be.
Right?
He just wanted to be able to talk about
“What about your heart?” a kiss, “your soul?” another, “do I own them?” a whisper.
“That’s great!” Steve tried to express with more enthusiasm than he was actually feeling, “You’re in the most capable hands considering your… situation.”
“He’s not here. Fuck off.” He said simply, summoning the most deadly glare he could twist his face into.
“And then I kindda ruined it when I got really drunk with Rhodey and just couldn’t stop
“I’m glad to hear that, I really am,” Steve decided to push his luck with a small kiss on the forehead that had been just slapped by its owner. Tony snapped back as if burned and now looked Steve with glare full of mistrust.
Steve couldn't wait for the whole world to know about them so they could actually go to those things as a couple and for the dames to stop trying to hit on Tony and himself in front of each other; there was so much that he could handle.
“Fine, but you can’t ignore this, Tony.” He relented, putting back the phone to its place. The finality in the Colonel’s voice, however, was enough for Tony to actually consider his words in a contemplative silence.
So! I totally couldn't update this sooner, I had a long business trip to surprise me and ruin my publishing schedule. So I decided to post it with minimal editing for now and continue editing later tomorrow or I will take even more to update this chapter. Sorry about all the possible mistakes this have as it is now. Please do help me with the editing and point me in the right direction, it would be appreciated.
“Is this about
Steven kissed him possessively as if trying to make a point.
The morning in the cottage was like all the others when they had the luxury to rise next to each other.
“Tony, he’s cheating on you,” he said it as if Tony was missing that single little detail. “You will never be in your ‘right fucking mind’ if you don’t think that the obvious solution is to send him to hell and make him stay there.” when Tony looked as if his wording confused him, he explained with all the annoyance he could muster “Break up with him!”
His heart stopped for a moment and strained his hearing to try to pick his son’s voice out from all the loud noises of shooting, grunting and the bodies hitting the ground. Before the panic could settle into Tony’s soul courtesy of his wild imagination, the backup generator kicked in and there was light again. Not as glaring as before, but a faint kind obviously made for lasting longer while in emergencies.
“You wouldn’t,” Rogers said completely sure of himself. Rhodey was now more than ready to forget his gun and go for the sniper rifle just to prove how wrong the captain was. “Tony wouldn’t let you.” he added.
A kiss. One lingering touch.
“Am not! I’m just saying that maybe this whole thing is a misunder–”
ruin anyone’s family, and before you protest, let me clarify that your birth-family was ruined by Howard, not you, and the times that we split the Avengers before was quite a team effort of you and me being unreasonable.”
“Tony, are you even listening to yourself?” Rhodey asked disbelievingly along with a dry laugh, “I’m asking because you don’t seem to believe your own eyes, so maybe you don’t understand what comes out of your mouth.”
now without any regard of what that’s making
.” Tony confessed in a lower tone. “I told him that you thought that I was nothing like my dad and that I never will be; I said to him that everytime you looked at me I could feel you searching for someone who wasn’t there and that you’d just get mad at me about it.
Anthony knew that his gorgeous alpha was aware of what he was attempting, but the reproachful glare turned into an ‘I’m not fooled by your tactics’ scowl, so he counted it as a victory.
Waiting for that moment, Steve was ready to dive for Tony instead just before he could get to the exit and managed to trap him firmly in the by now familiar cage of his arms. He spun the genius around in one swift movement and then he threw him over his shoulder as if he weighed nothing.
When the music stopped abruptly, Tony snapped out of what he was doing to curse to the ceiling.
“As much as I am aware of your tendency of listening to unhealthy decibels of music to keep yourself awake, sir, I shall-”
Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes just hung up on Steve leaving him with the word in his mouth. Again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Excuse me?” Lord Obadiah asked in disbelief, Steven could see his hands glowing with dark magic already. “I believe that you are being disrespectful to our fine guest.”
Before Tony and the girls could get completely out of the workshop, Tony's eyes searched for his. Today they came a long way. Especially if the open, love-sick expression that was now being directed willingly at him was any indication.
“You sure?” Rhodey asked but he made sure that Tony couln't possibly interpret it as anything but agreement, or worse, give him a window to any kind of backing down.
The morning routine came back to its normal path and Rhodes effortlessly resumed it; he finished his coffee-tainted breakfast and proceeded to go watch TV, being particularly careful to avoid the news because even he had to admit that Rogers didn’t deserve the fake gossip. They were probably even insisting that Tony cheated first or something stupid like that.
the one who can’t keep his mind out of the gutter.” Tony teased while trying to make his smirk look like a sweet smile and failing horribly. The brunette was now running his hand all over his chest with obviously faked innocence.
He thought he couldn’t be more livid when Lord Obadiah proved him wrong as his hands shined a shade of blood red and blasted some directly at Anthony.
“Peter-” Tony tried to pacify the teenager as Clint obediently moved out of the way with a shrug, but Steve beat him to it.
“I lost about a year ago,” Jan confessed happily bouncing from foot to foot. “I couldn’t believe you guys couldn’t just get over yourselves and get to it already! Though Logan was the next one to lose and he's usually pretty good at it.”
“So,” Happy began with what Steve assumed was going to be an awkward conversation. “I know that Pepper and Rhodey were a little unfair to you. Pepper admitted it herself,”
Anthony just hoped that the panicked yell was real and not just a product of an overactive imagination granting him a final wish because its intention could be good, but it was still plain cruel to give false hope like that.
“He may say so, but I can assure you he thinks it’s a lost cause.” Steve sometimes thought that he would rather fight a whole army of supervillains instead of trying to deal with someone that you can’t just
He was sure of it.
The effect was immediate; Barnes stopped shrinking on himself and listened to Bates finish the enchanting words with even more murderous intent, “That’ll cost you, Ублюдок.”
“Thank you for seeing me, Colonel.” Steve tried for the polite approach. “It means a lot.”
“When he died, I only went to the funeral because Tony was a wreck and he needed a shoulder to cry on. No matter how much he loved his father, I couldn’t stop feeling resentment towards him. Even now that he's dead.” he stated stubbornly. “Long story short, no matter how much Tony is convinced that he’s besotted with you or whatever, nothing’s going to change the way I perceive you, Rogers. And I don’t need to hear you out either. I’m doing this because Pepper asked me to.”
Steve put the freshly brewed coffee in Tony's favourite cup along with a stuffed sandwich and some bacon, he put it all on a tray to carry out and ignored the scrambled eggs that everyone was eating. Brushing off his nervousness with a firm shrug, he took a deep breath and decided to also put on the tray a small bowl filled with various fruit. Tony’s health was still Steve’s number one priority. Now and forever.
Something must have shown on his face since Happy chuckled and put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “Nothing like Pepper and Rhodey, Captain, rest assured. It’s simply not my style and I’m sure you’re doomed to live through Jarvis’ polite harassing in the near future, and let me tell you something; British butlers can be quite scary. So my condolences and my most sincere sympathy. ”
about giving Tony up to someone I thought wasn’t good enough; even if I knew he would still be there for me no matter what.”
“One more step and I will kill him, you freak!” Scarred-face sneered at his son without stopping his pace.
“Steve, it’s been a week since we've met with each other properly, I wasn't willing to wait any longer,” Anthony insisted stubbornly. “Besides, nothing happened.”
This time it was Steve who chuckled. He did feel way more at ease by the fact that he now knew that at least two of the list of people Tony care's about what they think just approved him, and he was confident enough to think that Jarvis did too if the satisfied smiles he threw his way everytime he physically forced Tony out of the workshop to make him eat something, sleep or both were any indication.
Even if it was already painfully true.
At Steve’s question, Tony pulled back a little so he could cup the blonde’s cheek with one hand and force him to look Tony straight into his eyes. “Steve, what’s wrong?”
“You may have thought you fooled me when you got home drunk and with hickeys all over your neck, but then I always took you to my bed, jealous out of my mind, so I could examine your body thoroughly,” at this, Steve made a small pause where he ran his hands over Tony’s body, earning a shiver. Tony stopped sobbing and was listening to him intently. Steve didn’t dare to break eye contact.
The simplicity of it made Rhodes unable to hide his surprise. When he snapped out of it though, he seemed to have an intense internal battle judging by the way that the hand which wasn’t holding his coffee was clenching and unclenching. The gesture reminded Steve so much of Tony that he
, to say things that I was simply not
This story is planned to be very long, but I am stuck with real life like I was never stuck before and I don't think I'm going to post more chapters in long while, so I just put the first chapter and the beginning of the second one as a one-shot and see how it works for now.
“I’m a complicated kind of guy, comes with all the genius, you know?” Tony’s smirk was so false that it almost made Steve grimace at its sight. “Maybe you should go bother a nice simple girl with all this instead, don’t you think?”
“Oh is that right?” Anthony asked, playing along. “I wonder what could it be...”
Late but here! Thank you a lot fot the patience. I didn't have as much kudos as I wanted, since I'm still in the 200's, so I guess it means that I kept my promise of when to upload this chapter? No? I know, sorry about the lateness. It is just too hard to find time to do some writing. So, I really hope you enjoy, kudo and/or comment on this story. It will be greatly appreciated (it needs more love). Thank you for the support!
Thanks for reading!
Did Rhodey heard what he thought he heard? Oh for everything divine, was Tony actually about break up with Rogers?
“As flattered and tempted as I am,” Tony pointed out running a playful hand slowly up Steve’s inner thigh. “Wouldn’t you be always jealous when I needed to leave the tower?”
“Nothing. He hasn’t done anything out of normal lately, really.” Steve defended his lover a little. It was true that Tony was a troublemaker, but he’s always been able to find his own way out of every problem he caused, even when sometimes his solution was to self-destruct and it would cause more harm than good. Now that he thought about it, perhaps Pepper was a big reason why both Tony and his company were still alive and functioning.
It was their own way to mock themselves with such a domestic scene, wanting so bad to at least pretend that they could be together even beyond these woods.
Looking at the bright side, with Wanda's help, Steve would avoid the trickier task of asking Strange a very personal favour, even if Wanda was still struggling a little to control her powers. It didn’t make it anymore easier to ask her, though. However, his life was hard enough without the beating around the bushes, so he just decided to go for it and be honest.
“Anthony would be thrilled!” Lord Stane intervened readily. At Anthony’s scowl, the older noble threw a menacing glance at him for a moment and then he referred to the young heir. “Do you not think so as well, my Crown Prince?”
“I was just thinking that maybe we started with the wrong-”
“Damn it!” she swore. “I would have loved to be there!” Steve chuckled in response.
“How so?”
, Tony.” He summoned his most menacing words while emphasizing with the sound of a loading sniper rifle.
“You already let yourself into my floor. If you put one foot in my house, however, I’ll charge you for breaking and entering.” Rhodey threatened without giving up a single step. “That would be before I put a bullet in your head.”
“Now who’s the cheesy one?” Tony teased, but then he relaxed again in his best friend’s arms. “Really, Rhodey, this is good for me. Steve is good for me.”
Steve did everything in his power to ignore the very evident frown that was now on Rhodes’ face. Instead he kept his eyes on Tony’s earnest expression and answered truthfully, “I couldn’t want anything more.”
Steve paused his actions, “Why would you say that?”
“My only everything.” Anthony agreed easily.
Steven froze. This was the first time he heard it himself
“Captain Rogers, a word?” War Machine asked, when Steve turned to face him with a raised eyebrow. The tone that was reserved for him was back; dark, threatening, full of the promise of a painful death.
“I wouldn’t dare." Steve replayed with fake innocence, which earned him a stronger bump on his shoulder that made him laugh again. "Hey, I can imagine how hard it must be for a beta like yourself to get an alpha. I wouldn't use sarcasm in such a case! Only respect.” They both chuckled at their antics when they started to push each other around, but before they could start a real wrestle Steve got all serious and looked at James straight in his eyes. “I can’t thank you enough, Bucky.”
It took courage not to stop immediately to look around for the exact source of the sound. “Great, a pack of hungry wolves and I’m alone in the middle of the bloody forest.” He whispered while starting to trot, even when his poor sight was proving to be insignificant against the urge to get away from the hungry noises. He tried to hurry even more his step the moment he heard a third, followed by a fourth, howl, however, this part of the forest was well known for its thickness and it was making him unable to openly break into a sprint. "At least they're not damned magical creatures. Thank the gods for the small miracles."
Being things as they were, Rhodey spit his mouthful of coffee all over his bacon.
Every morning was a routine for him; he would wake up with the sun, turn on the coffee machine and go take a warm, quick shower. He would then put either his perfectly ironed uniform on if he had to go to headquarters, or simple clothing on a rare-free day; just like that morning. He’d go to the kitchen again for his freshly brewed coffee and he would make himself something healthy for breakfast and eat it while reading the newspaper.
that some of that was right; he had looked at Tony expecting him to fill a void within Steve than no one else could for being the only remote connection to his past. The impossible expectations and the disappointment he felt when he believed that Tony only fought for himself. “Oh my God, Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“Are you, Rogers?” Rhodes asked regaining his sharp tone. “Are you good enough?”
Even Rhodes had to stop looking for his specially developed and manufactured match-grade military ammunition
"What's that supposed to mean, birdbrain?" Tony asked even more annoyed.
“I was quite desperate!” Steve defended himself in what he already knew it was a lame excuse. True, but lame anyhow. He then decided to not dig himself into the hole he was in any deeper, so he stood up and went in search for and put on his own pants, “I know it was awful and that I don't deserve your forgiveness. I know I decided this by myself and that nothing will change the fact that I abused your trust, Tony. I am sorry. I swear I'll make it up to you in this life and the next. I was just going crazy with all the mouse and cat nonsense. I thought it would be worth it, for both of us, if the potion created an opportunity to stop messing around and get together, already.”
“You’re probably right, Jan, I would want Tony to get along with Bucky, too. But I don’t know what to do to make Rhodes like me,” Steve confessed. “He was pretty clear about his distaste for me, and it’s not like he even let me defend myself.”
Steve was a smart guy, maybe not on Tony’s genius level, but smart enough to know that Tony’s issues wouldn’t disappear all of a sudden. Steve was aware that he did something desperate and awful, and that they wouldn’t have said a lot of things they had had without the serum. He knew.
“It’s all over the news! There are pictures! Plural!”
date. What was I supposed to believe? That she was giving you CPR?!”
!” Clint cursed loudly, slamming his hand down the nearest workstation and making Dummy start running in circles around him in alarm, “You can't even hook up when you're supposed to, Stark! You weren’t supposed to be together until next month!”
It was said with so much intensity that Steve was a little shocked at his lack of surprise when he realized that she not only knew that he was pulling something but exactly what he was about to do. Instead of saying something incriminating and remembering that he had decided a long time ago to let the mystery that was Black Widow alone, he opted to take the offer that she was making and said, “hold the fort while I’m gone.”
Steve was grateful that he had been preparing himself for this. This time, it was actually pretty easy to ignore him. “It means a lot to Tony, so I thought it was worth at least another try.” He answered honestly deciding to ignore the other’s question.
Karma was a fair bitch.
And it was only after that realization that the answer came to Steve like a slap in the face.
“Tony, I know. Just tell me.” Steve asked taking both of his hands in between his big ones, his thumbs massaging the back of his lover’s hands.
“I would shoot Rogers.” He offered simply.
"Rhodes." Rogers nodded in his direction, clearly still upset for his comment about his cheating.
Steven would go to the stable to work, while Tony would run to the creeper that led to his luxurious room to sneak inside the castle; he would climb the three floors and then he would take a quick bath to be presentable and in time for breakfast. After that, it would be lessons all day.
Maybe it
Steven arrived at the stable just in time to start his tasks. He didn’t have time for breakfast, but it was nothing against the extra minutes that he got with Anthony. Satisfied for a breathtaking night and a magnificent morning, he put on his overalls and his work boots from his small room near the barn so he wouldn't dirty his clothes.
he demanded.
“You wouldn’t like that answer, now would you?” Rhodes mocked, unfaced by the angered superhero. "And it's Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes for you."
here." Steve accused with crossed arms. But even if he ducked his head a little, Rhodey could hear the whispered "Thank god” that left his lips.
“I know he does, Tony, but what did you tell him? That I
Steven discovered a magnificent grey and black horse, probably a Belgian battle steed, in one of the finest stall´s they had. He immediately knew to take extra care with the stud as it was most possibly Lord von Doom’s. Not that he liked the man, he didn’t need to meet him to know that he probably came to court Anthony, even when the young aristocrat would try to deny it for his sake, but Steven knew all the trouble he could get in if the horse wasn’t treated with the utmost heed. All the unwanted attention Steven and Anthony could get.
“Shut up, Anthony.” The Lord ordered in dismissal. Steven could see that the prince had a response ready for the lord, but no word left his lips. A silence spell, then. How much Steven wanted to grab his shield and cut this cruel wizard’s head right off! “Do you not see that the stable boy was about to say something?”
“It seems I was. It’s a normal thing now, I'm even getting used to the feeling,” Steve, at that point, probably had just discovered a new kind of bright red since he felt like his face could catch on fire spontaneously any minute now by the amount of blushing he was sporting, “I was intrigued about it at the beginning; I never knew I was a jealous person until I met you. I can’t stand seeing you with anyone else. I even feel weird when you’re laughing around someone who’s not me. Even with another Avenger.”
It was turning out to be a beautiful, tranquil day in his luxurious bachelor’s flat when his doorbell rang.
“Mr. Rogers! Mr. Barnes! How are the horses doing this morning?” Anthony asked hastily as he walked towards them. His tone serene, but his eyes begging Steven for forgiveness.
The sudden realization that he and Tony had never talked about those months hurt Steve even more. He didn’t know if Tony had forgiven Steve for belittling him for not being like his father. Steve knew now that Tony was so much more.
. “I don’t give a darn who you think–”
Jan stopped her now furious flying around the coffee table in order to look at the blonde with a soft, understanding gaze. She had refused to sit before in favor of scuffing the floor with her heels as she stomped over it with more force than necessary; it was her way of showing how much the situation angered her.
Well, that was as close to an apology as he was going to get and there was a “please” there somewhere, so Rhodes complied.
