"No one told me. I saw my name on the bloody pieces of shrapnel they pulled out of you!" His voice tight with emotion.
“How often does she nurse?”
"I'm fine just need some alone time," he said.
He walked into his home, metal arms disarming him as he moved. Loki followed after him. He seemed to have gained his curiosity for the moment.
“Why not now?” he asked.
“You’re not going to freak out on me right?” asked Rhodes.
“Hey, Steve. What’s up?”
The alpha looked up from his work. "Neighbors?"
wouldn't kill her, at least. But
"We need a favor," said Tony.
“What?”
“Because you’re willing to try,” said Tony. He thought she’d be more stubborn in her refusal.
“Pup.”
Steve left Stark Tower, starting an easy jog. He still found the building ugly, but it was home now. Normally, he would do two or three laps around Central Park, at a sprint, but Steve decided to take it easy today. He stopped at the 107th infantry monument. Steve always stopped by it. It was dedicated to the men in WWI.
The alpha was smart enough not to mention the whole ice cream for breakfast thing.
"Yes, sir. Do you want the restraints back on?"
Steve went to the door, checking to see if it was still locked. Surprised to see tiny blue fingerprints on the door's surface. Steve laughed, not caring she’d picked the lock. He decided to leave them there. The mansion needed some positive wear. Steve went to his painting, not surprised to have seen it changed.
“You don’t mind?”
Steve settled in his arms soon falling asleep. Tony ran his fingers through the omega’s golden brown hair. Steve nuzzled closely to his neck. He couldn’t lose this. Tony ran his fingers over the fading bite mark on Steve’s neck. He smiled when Steve started purring in his sleep.
Economics
A waitress came to their table.
“How long?!”
“Another multimillion-dollar donation?” asked Steve.
Tony took a seat next to him, holding his hand.
“Grandpa,” said Tony.
Their bond wouldn't allow it.
“I need to clear my head. I’ll be back in a few hours,” said Steve.
“Two or three,” said Steve.
“It tested well with focus groups, alright,” said Rhodes.
“I need to look through your fridge,” said Steve.
“Wasn’t there a veggie you didn’t like when you were young?”
April 14, 2013
Tony twitched. "No idea."
“Vietnam, believe it or not, that handsome young in the photo is me. I was a medic. I served twice many thought I was crazy for going back, but they were in such need of doctors. I had to help. It’s a miracle I came back alive,” said Barny.
“I love you."
She followed the beta to a new section of the building. Piper counted her steps and the rights and lefts they took before finally stopping at a large black door. The beta knocked on the door.
“Won’t they notice if you’re gone?”
"You don't really care what he did to me. You want the bigger fish," said Piper. It pissed her off, but she understood. She wanted the big fish too. But she wanted to be the one to catch it.
“He’s not so bad,” said Piper.
Tony swallowed.
His stomach growled. "What if we get caught?" asked Steve.
From behind her back, she tugged a snuggly stuffed bunny. It had long floppy ears and big feet. Lena pushed it through the wall slot.
"A mango milkshake if they have it," said Steve.
Days passed the same domestic bliss. Tony introduced Steve to his favorite movies, which included Star Wars. Steve watched them twice blown away by it. They dipped into the Lord of the Rings world since Steve was a fan of Tolkien. To Tony’s surprise, he didn’t get tired of it. He enjoyed it. They took turns cooking.
“Do you want to hear it?” she asked.
Tony went to pay. Steve sighed he couldn’t do something as simple as pay the delivery boy. The alpha came back with five large pizzas. The smell was mouthwatering. He opened the boxes and started serving out the pieces. Steve hummed along with the opening song. Once done he set aside plate and cuddled up next to his alpha. After a few episodes, Tony was asleep.
Thinking through the process allowed her to relax. But again she was at a disadvantage. She was separated from Winter and Rune. And didn’t know how long the separation would last. Sir’s punishment wouldn’t be the only one she faced. Lena would likely enforce some level of discipline when she returned.
"I'm sorry," she whimpered.
“Good morning, get back to work.”
Thor landed on the cargo door. Aggression leaked off the large alpha. He tossed aside Tony. Thor yanked Loki from his seat before flying out.
"Are you sure won't change your mind? I've been carrying this for a year."
"Looking forward to it."
"With Piper, she had a breakdown," said Tony.
"You can use my shower, wash the smell of distress off you. It might help you relax," he said
He walked her outside, carrying the case containing the samples. A car was waiting for them. An older boxy alpha stood by the car. Stark handed him the case.
“That’s what people do when they care for someone. Now go to sleep,” hushed Steve before huddling close to the alpha’s neck.
“Not weapons,” Piper explained immediately. “I was thinking of fireworks. I'll be a firewoman that makes fireworks.”
"Stop!" he growled.
“Yeah, but I missed the president.”
“You are in recovery in New York City,” she said.
“I wonder what mine were like,” said Rune.
“Steve, you were with me for your first heat. Your body will be more desperate to lure me back, so things may get started faster than before. I want you to be satisfied if I’m not there to help,” said Tony.
"Me too," said Steve.
Steve stretched seductively out on the couch. The omega likely wasn't even aiming for that effect. It came naturally.
“But you can control it,” he said.
“Aren’t you going to heat that up?” said Tony.
Winter nodded a third time and Piper bit her lip. She didn’t know what to make of this discovery. It could be good or bad. She might lose the friendly détente they’d established; her dangerous but trusted ally. Or, his having more use of his brain could mean he'd be better able to help her,
There was a crackle as the fire turned on. Steve went to the closet and changed into his sleeping clothes and put his sweater back on. Before returning to the living area. Christmas music was playing softly over the speakers. He settled on the floor by the fireplace warming his feet. Steve began singing along:
"Let me help you." He heard Steve take in a shaky breath.
“Do you have any more questions for me?” asked Edith.
“I’m not crying,” he said, blinking back the tears.
“Turn off the Tesseract or I’ll destroy,” he threatened.
“Pipers is good about it.”
Steve took a seat on the bed.
Daddy mostly homeschooled her. It wasn't really structured, but her parents didn't want to send her to school for some reason. She'd always wanted to go, though.
“He hurt you.”
“We’ve got the kids. You two rest,” she said.
“Nat!”
“Hey, look at me,” said Tony.
Phil heard the information over his earphone.
“Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” asked Bruce.
At one the next morning Edith burst into their room. Tony shield him, snarling.
Tony took a small box from behind his box. It was wrapped poorly in old blueprint paper.
Lena shook her head. Carl smiled excitedly.
“It’s completely normal, like watching a nature program,” said Jarvis.
“I’ve got you,” he said, hugging the alpha close. He wasn’t letting go. His eyes watered. "I love you, Tony. I didn't have to chance to say that before you went in."
Steve went to window pushing open wide enough to let Tony in.
“Yeah." Steve was asleep, so there wasn't much else for him to do.
"This will cover the two of you for some time,” she said.
Steve returned Edith's iPad.
voice now.
“They for his own safety and the safety of my staff,” said Blackwell.
“You’ve done right at a horrible price to yourself. For that friend I am deeply sorry,” he said.
“Yes.”
“Morning," said Tony.
“I wouldn’t consider him a role model,” said Jarvis.
“Don’t hurt the face! I’m an actor!” he begged.
"Anything else I need to know?"
“You’re rather straight to the point,” he said.
“Thanks for asking nicely. So how long am I staying?” he asked.
Steve woke in a cold sweat, screaming. His heartbeat in agony. Chilling fear strummed through him. The studio doors shot open. Tony came running in. The alpha's arms were around him. He pressed into Tony’s neck breathing in his scent. The smell of their pup was carried on his clothes.
“They knew we were coming,” said Tony.
“Sorry, now why are you here?" Steve rubbed his temples.
*****
“You’re something else,” said Tony.
Nurses came running down the hall, passing in front of the glass window of his encloser. On the first gurney was Rumlow’s boy. The second was Piper.
"Please, don't ask if you're a good parent. You and Stark are amazing parents." Something she'd never thought she'd say about Stark three years ago.
"What?" asked Steve.
“I thought you liked, Rune. If he bothers you I can take him out of the class.”
They weren’t animals. She couldn’t pry it open and get a look inside, or get it off. The lock was impossible to crack with only her bare hands. There was a reason they’d put it on Theodore. It wasn’t for decoration. Without knowing its true function she couldn’t risk messing with it. And tampering with it may hurt Theodore.
“I was.”
He didn’t have time for this. Tony grabbed the beta by the arms.
He settled in bed next to Steve. The omega stayed to one side of the bed, not cuddling close as before. He craved the closeness they shared not long ago. It was something he never wanted before. Previously he felt confined by it.
"Hmm."
“It’s alright,” she said.
“Piper asked about it,” Steve said in place of ‘hello.’
It was a dream place to work for older agents close retirement and those who had families. There was even a daycare a few blocks away, sponsored and protected by S.H.I.E.L.D. It was extremely well guarded but blended into the city naturally. No one would have a reason to question it. Steve had dropped off Piper there before and she hated.
“Am I missing something?” asked Clint.
“That’s a long way off if it does happen. I’m happy with boyfriend,” said Steve. For now, he did want more. He wanted a future with Tony. How would they get there? They'd figure it out.
“I wasn’t expecting you, sir.”
"I would suggest against that," she said.
"That includes you, doesn't it?"
“Where is he now?”
“Any familiar faces?” he asked.
“It gives my subjects a foundation.” She kneeled to remove the boy's collar. Rune shifted from side to side, but made no other movement.
“No."
Bloom was surprised when Piper’s breathing became short. The panic came through clearly. “Open your eyes,” said Bloom, halting the exercise since it seemed to be uncomfortable for the girl.
“How is it okay?”
"I know, Steve. And it's something I like very much about you. But I want to know what happened."
“What does it say?” asked Tony.
"Don't feel like it lately. Or a good husband," said Steve.
"Why not?"
“I will,” he said.
Tony was pulled away again. Steve didn't mind. He laughed when Natasha dragged Bruce onto the dancefloor. Banner was the only person who was visibly more uncomfortable dancing than he did. Thor took Tony's old seat next to him.
"I'll do it, but why does it help?"
“Steve?”
Steve winced, barely catching the counter to stop him from falling.
"Ms. Potts also wants to come over this afternoon to discuss the announcement. Should I confirm?" asked Jarvis.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Maybe if you are extremely good,” he said. Tony turned him in his chair. Looking over him with a hungry predatory gaze. Steve shivered with want. For an alpha to gaze at him like that was a thrill. Heat rose in cheeks.
“Stay the night. Besides, no one is driving in this weather."
“He will never help you," said Steve.
“Having you with me is never a distraction. It’s a privilege.” Tony smiled.
“Uh, a Hispanic Scott Baio?”
"Steve?"
“Is the temperature to your liking?” asked Jarvis.
“12:30 am,” said Jarvis.
“I’ll ask your parents next time I see them,” said Bruce.
*****
“But I’m not tired,” she said before yawning.
Tony felt a weight leave his shoulders. The sleeping being was unaffected by what he said. He placed another gentle kiss on Steve’s temple. It would be some time till he was ever able to say it aloud to Steve, but for this one moment, it was enough for him.
Lena glanced at the mess of crumpled paper on the ground. She kicked away a crumpled ball near her foot.
“I will.”
*****
He jumped down to join them.
Rune was in the kitchen with Pepper and Maria. They jolted when they heard Piper wailing. Rune knew that sound and knew there was nothing he could do to get through to her now. She had to work through it on her own.
“Why does he hurt you so much worse me?”
“Three months. Yinsen became one of my closest friends. He helped me build the first Ironman,” said Tony.
“Please, don’t teach her that puppy dog look. I barely resist it from you let alone her.”
“I took the treatment for it,” said Steve.
*****
Winter glimpsed the edge of a knife.
"Tell me what's on your mind. I won't judge." She couldn't judge. Natasha had no experience with such a relationship. She used alphas. Yes, Steve was using Tony, but there was more to it.
He signed too impatient to be with beauty to pay attention to the fine print. He shoved the large stack of papers into his suitcase.
Tony groaned slowly emerging from sex-crazed exhaustion. Surprisingly Steve was still sleepily plastered to him. Odd, Steve was normally up before him. He nudged the omega awake, earning a growl.
That was the most unrestrained reaction he'd seen her have with them. Piper's method of processing trauma was much like Steve's. Holding it in for as long as possible until it eroded their control. The result was disastrous and left him, putting the pieces together again. He wasn't sure how that would fair with someone so young. They needed to get someone they could trust to talk to these kids.
She hurried off to the bathroom.
Lena stood up coming closer to the glass.
“Is he your favorite?” asked the boy.
Tony let the tech take him to the OR. Steve stood there. He couldn’t go any further than this. There was nothing he could do but wait.
“We need to fill out her birth certificate.”
“You have a little warrior in the making. Do wish me to tell you the gender?” asked Thor.
“He’s at work.”
Steve dug his fingernails into his scalp. He couldn't get their screams out of his head. If he couldn't help
"I get the basic idea."
Steve's concentration broken when the door to their bedroom slammed. Tony came storming into the studio. Aggression, anger, and hurt were leaking off him in waves.
“Only Rollins returned from the mission,” said Natasha.
“Please don’t cry.” What had he done wrong? He couldn’t handle Steve crying. Before he could overthink it further Steve kissed him.
“How do you know hangover cures?” asked Tony.
He blasted the ceiling above the guards storming toward him. It collapsed on them. He twisted awkwardly in the air. Tony set down cover fire, ducking behind a cement wall. He moved through the room taking out guard after guard. Only one was left. He quickly raised his hands, dropping his gun.
God, he hoped that was all Steve needed, but he had a nagging sense it wasn't. Tony balanced Piper in one arm, taking off his shirt, and tossing it to the floor. "What the hell happened, Jarvis?"
Tony sighed. He couldn't remember the last time he felt like this if ever.
“It’s not right.”
“What about your scent?” asked Tony.
Steve sighed glaring at the painting before him.
“You think I’m calm? Shit, I’m barely holding it together. We’re falling apart at the seams.” Tony clenched his left arm, a ghost pain surging awake.
"Then why should you be near me when I'm in the same state?" she asked.
“You shouldn't hack into the system."
"Was there only Peggy?"
Steve nodded subconsciously. The amount of slick leaking from him increased drastically. He nearly came on site. The alpha pressed against him. He gave a shuddering gasp. Tony rocked their hips together. He threw back his head, moaning. His mouth opened in a silent scream as Tony’s hand traveled lowered, pumping them together. Through his rapid panting breaths, he hardly heard the sweet words Tony whispered. Steve’s vision went white with absolute pleasure as he reached his release.
"I know." Steve pulled him closer.
Steve got into a car with Tony.
*****
"With his therapist."
“The man is a ghost,” said Hill.
“He’ll be fine.”
“What model is it?” Steve waved at the unfolded paper after they had cleared the whole nesting couch.
“Law student?” said Jeri.
“We’re sorry, sir. It’s just that the design is so unique. We’ve haven’t encountered something like it,” said lab tech.
Steve tensed when Tony strapped the fetal heart monitor around his waist. Their child's heartbeat appeared on the screen. It was a comfort to see it. They got into bed. The sheets were uncomfortable sterile of scent. Steve couldn't get into bed. Tony got into the bed rolling around in it, rubbing his cheeks against the pillow. Steve got in feeling much more relaxed.
“Piper wet the bed?”
“Light sleeper,” she said. Her voice was sleepy.
“Piper-”
"I'm not telling either of you," said Steve.
He nodded, taking a moment to brace himself.
“He’s rather persistent,” said Jarvis.
“Hey, Nat."
“No, we've done other things. I want to take it slowly. It’s not that I don’t want to. It’s just-
“Mmm, sounds good,” said Steve.
"Winter is incapable of performing such behavior without permission."
“I was planning to make you an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D if you choose to accept. And if you pass the necessary psych tests,” said Fury.
“Writing condolences to the families of lost soldiers was the worst part of my job. I lost count of how many I’d written over the years of war. It was the least I could do. I can’t imagine how difficult it would be confronting their families in person,” said Steve. Sharing that bit of information calmed Tony.
“Tony, I’m not in the mood for company.”
"Anyway, I would add in umm the retro-
Piper watched Daddy look over the figure. She didn't like talking about Winter. It hurt. And Papa and Daddy didn't like hearing about him, so it worked out okay.
“Don’t stress yourself out about it,” she said.
“Tea?” asked Barny. He spotted the smudges of paint on Steve's hands.
“I’ll be right back,” said Tony. He went out to the balcony.
"Ten, have you even gotten out of bed?" asked Tony.
"Children are easy. Adults are difficult. I used to babysit all the time for my neighbors when I was young. It wasn't always easy, Tony. You need practice. It isn't something anyone is instantly good at," said Steve.
Steve looked up from his sketchbook when the elevator doors slid open. Tony strode in with Piper asleep in his arms.
"If she doesn't I'll take care. But Steve you hide for long. In nine months you'll have a pup."
“I don’t know.”
“No.”
“I’m fine,” said Tony.
Piper whined when she was put on a cushioned examination table. The room was painted gray and lacked anything unique to distinguish it. Winter stood in the corner.
“Cleaning doesn’t take long,” said Tony.
"But."
She could remember the last time she went to a wedding where she wasn’t on duty.
He smiled when saw Piper. Her face went alight and she sniffled, her tears drying.
“I’m his godmother. He takes such good care of me,” said Peggy.
“Malibu, I'm taking him with me,” said Tony.
“You think you can hold them off?” asked Steve.
“Do you want to see the ring?” asked Edith.
"Can I interrupt?" asked Banner. Even in tux the man somehow managed to have a slightly ruffled looked to him. “I’m sorry I’m late."
“Hush now you wouldn’t want anything to happen to your baby.”
“I was only doing what was right,” said Piper. She played with her fingers before meeting Daddy's gaze. "Were you scared?"
“It was something,” said Steve. He took the album from the coffee table, putting it on the counter, and opened it to a specific page. “This one is my favorite of the two of you.”
“I love you,” whispered Steve softly.
She'd only been gone twenty minutes.
“Daddy you can go I’ll be fine,” said Piper.
The next morning they were in a jet.
Hill knew she’d have to somehow explain this Pepper. They’d always wanted a child, preferably an omega or beta. She'd acquired a five years old alpha boy who was super abled. She didn't even know his name, but she'd fallen in love with the child. Hill texted Pepper to say she was fine but wasn't sure exactly when she would be back.
“You could say that,” said Steve. He wasn’t the only Rogers. His father had a brother. He may have some relatives. Tony wouldn’t have let him meet Happy if he was untrustworthy.
"Why? He did nothing wrong. When people get like that, they can't control themselves," said Piper.
"You have to take it easy on, Papa. He's an old man they tend to be fragile," said Tony.
"Combat," said Phil.
“Join me,” he said extending his hand.
“What do you want me to do?” asked Maria. Natasha was her superior.
“It’s fine I’ll enjoy the company. Besides it a beautiful day,” said Steve.
“How can you say that we’re so different?” he asked.
Steve was too hot to bear, putting on a shirt. He cringed as he pulled a pair of shorts on. The fabric was sandpaper against his skin. His stomach growled.
“And you’re doing a marvelous job with that. The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you sit idly threat. I mean to rule them. And why should I not?” he said.
When Steve’s maternity leave ended nearly two weeks ago he had expected a flood of requests, but there was nothing. He'd checked in with S.H.I.E.L.D to make sure they were aware of his availability, but nothing happened.
“Excuse me.”
“Baby girl.”
"You saw that?"
“I’ll be there tomorrow. I expect to be impressed.”
“I’m not a normal kid.”
It wasn’t enough.
“You don’t feel like you deserve it,” said Barny.
*****
"I will." Steve sighed.
"Any preference?" asked Tony.
“Enough!” she said, the rod snapping it in two. She tossed aside fragment pieces.
"You smell of Stark."
Tony nodded. Steve was stuck in the office while Tony was taken for x-rays. He bit the inside of his cheek, fighting off the urge to pace. It was Sunday; they have the rest of the upcoming week to decide when this would happen.
Tony resisted the urge to make a comment.
“Desk,” he said.
*****
Steve sighed. He instantly lost his appetite, pushing away his plate.
He resisted the urge to say 'something,' but pissing her off further wouldn't make her leave. He wanted her out of his den.
"He was only doing what he was created to do."
“I’m not the one out of time,” said Steve.
“I’m out give me another magazine,” said Tony.
“He’s called Loki. He’s not from around here. There’s a lot we’ll have to bring you up to speed on, if you’re in. The world has gotten even stranger than you know,” said Fury.
“Is that the reason you’ve been hiding here? You're worried about your heat," said Barny.
“Charcoal, watercolors, and oil paints. Charcoal and watercolors were cheap. I loved oil paints but couldn’t afford them. That didn’t stop me from taking a chance and submitting a portfolio to Columbia for a chance of a full ride,” said Steve.
“Extraordinary.”
"What?"
"You'd do just fine, big guy."
Rune shrunk back. He understood why she was defending Winter so fiercely, but why was she so angry at her parents. They really seemed to love her. He had little familiarity with the emotion, but he was sure that was it.
Steve settled back into the couch. In the background, he heard cornels popping. Tony placed the popcorn in his lap before wrapping an arm around his shoulder.
“Make a move reindeer games,”
“Toys are for children. Piper is not a child, she’s a tool like you.” Lena tossed the toy in the trash.
"Because you're only doing this, punish yourself! As much it feels may like we may deserve to suffer, we don’t.”
“Phil waste two hours trying to explain a smartphone to me. You think you can do better,” said Steve.
Steve noticed the blankness in her gaze. That spark that was in her eyes when she'd spoken to Rune was gone for the moment. Now, she looked tired.
"That Steve went into early labor. It was the believable excuse I could say given his reaction," said Pepper.
“No, trouble at all,” said Steve.
A cool touch brought Steve crashing back to earth. Tony’s helmet retracted, eyes watering, and Steve’s defenses fell as he collapsed into his mate.
“I’m here,” he said, cupping Steve's face in his hand.
“Bomb?” Tony guessed. “How did it get in?”
“Mute Jarvis!” growled Tony. He groaned when someone cleared their throat.
"For now it isn't," said Steve. He pressed against the cool tiled floor. Tony joined him on the floor.
“He will,” said Natasha.
“The boy is Steven. We named him after you,” said Peggy.
“I believe he doesn’t want to interfere or cause me difficulties by visiting. He thinks he’ll cause me pain by reminding me of what could have been,” she said.
“We were given orders. You did exactly what you were supposed to. We both did.”
There was a slight widening to Lena's eyes. Natasha noted the reaction. Piper’s disappearance had been in the news for months now. It shouldn’t have caused that reaction. It was something, but no something that was sound enough to move on.
The alpha was right. He forced himself to finish the meal.
“She showed me.”
Thor left to greet his date. He hadn’t seen her in so long.
“Shit, all this for fucking, Rumlow,” said Clint.
As unwanted as Steve’s heat was. It should have been easy to handle.
“Have you ever had a panic attack?”
“I don’t want friends.”
*****
“Papa, what was he talking about?” asked Piper.
The pups nodded.
"I need time with my patient. You barging into his room before he's ready will close him off to me. When I'm done with Captain Rogers, you may speak with him."
“Easy there cap you wouldn’t want to cause a scene,” said Rumlow.
Steve's purrs were steady, soothing Tony's, stress-ridden heart. He was never much of a protective alpha type. Tony preferred independent omegas. Steve was fiercely independent. In that moment of need, it felt right to take the role.
"Coming to bed?" asked Steve.
"You and Stark will work it out. You always do."
“Not much for subtly is he,” said Steve.
“We are both dangerous in that state. Why is it any different?”
"We won't know until he wakes up,"
“Contact Fury or Hill and inform them of what’s going on.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“What?”
He loosened his grip just enough for her to slip through. Piper caught her reflection in the glass as she rinsed her mouth. They'd changed her clothes. She was wearing white scrubs now. Her hair was in tangles, but it carried no scent. Her eye was swollen a deep purple color. Piper touched it instantly wincing. She let her hair fall in her face, trying to hide it, and turned away.
“And that makes you awesome,” said Piper.
"I'm not getting a minivan," said Tony.
He was quiet.
“Sure as hell seems like it,” said Clint.
“That’s personal."
Steve sunk back down into a chair.
“Winter!” she yelled.
“Don’t apologize. I don’t want to hear it.” He didn’t it like it when she apologized, especially when it was for no reason. The pup never upset him.
Piper stared at him in disbelief.
“Yes."
And it's true that the largest donation given to the MoMA was 100 million dollars going to a 400 million expansion.
“Not yet.”
How could he expect her to sleep now? She wrapped herself up in the blanket and shut her eyes, counting sheep until she finally fell asleep.
Piper stepped onto the mat.
A call at four in the morning broke Tony's focus.
“Sir, I’ve found, Steve,” said Jarvis.
"I won't call him, but you have to tell me what that was all about."
“There’s no such thing. Sir is only a minor cog a greater machine. What about Dr. Zemo?” asked Natasha.
They'd never taken her on a plane. The hours ticked by, and eventually, it was time to leave. Steve gingerly took Piper out of her car seat. He followed his husband onto the plane. Steve settled in the seat next to Tony. The alpha leaned over, checking if Piper was asleep. As soon as they took off, Piper's eyes snapped open. She screamed at the top of her lungs.
He went to his parents’ plot. Tony glared at the hunk of black marble grave. It fit Howard's perfectly cold, harsh, and intimidating. He shook his head. The last person he wanted to think of was his father, but that was impossible considering who he was searching for. He pressed a button on his watch a small drone flew from it and started scanning the area for foreign substances. An envelope by his father’s grave caught his attention. He picked it up. There was only one word on its surface:
Pierce leaned back in his chair. It seemed to his visit was unwarranted. "Wipe him."
“Don’t wake him up.” Tony rasped. He turned on his heel abruptly and headed to his lab.
“But that strength of his is wrapped up in a handsome package. You’re only a pup. What appeal do you hold?”
*****
“We need you to look this over as soon as possible,” said Phil, offering it to Tony.
He could face down anything war offered without fear. But someone he loved being in danger was terrifying.
The fabric of Tony’s shirt scratched against his fevered skin. He fisted the fabric ripping away, so he could feel his alpha’s skin against his. Steve’s hands went to Tony’s belt. He gave it a desperate yank. The alpha briefly pulled away and tossed away his pants. Steve whimpered. His underwear was wet and clung uncomfortably to his legs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why not?” she asked.
"Mam, we can't let you through."
“Can you give me a lift?” asked Steve.
“Are you the husband?” asked Blackwell.
Steve barely forced back a growl.
“Welcome aboard Mr. President.”
Steve rolled his eyes.
“And that is?”
"Yes, now go." He said shoving her through the door.
“Good.”
The only other time she’d been like that was when Winter was in danger. In the situation, Rune described there’s was none such threat. If Rune were a danger she would have tried to reason with him first before attacking. Something was happening to her mind and she didn’t know what caused. Or how to stop it! She’d just have to find a way.
“It feels like it may turn into one.”
“No, you sound like
“Biology.”
He chose a random color but didn't make a mark on the page.
Rune went to the tunnel entrance, taking a breath before crawling in. The glow in the dark paint was a comfort. He followed her scent through the maze. Relieved when the tunnel opened up to a mini playroom. Piper was in the corner crying. He sat beside her, not saying anything. She rested her head against his shoulder.
“Thanks,” he said.
“Go."
Steve got up before Tony. Piper’s sleeping pattern was more difficult for the alpha. He tucked her in Tony's arms. It wouldn't be much longer until she would need to nurse. She hadn't displayed any signs of the strength that broke his ribs on a weekly basis. Maybe that power was dormant at the moment.
“No.” It seemed like a waste of thought.
“No, I’ll be fine,”
Steve smiled.
The pickle jar shattered. Tony quickly wrapped Steve’s hand in a dishtowel. He moved the towel and started picking the glass from Steve's hand. The small wound quickly healed over.
When he heard Matt walk away he opened the door and grabbed the clothes. He slid on the pants before walking out.
“Do you regret having her?”
“What do you want?”
"They moved to California in 1957."
“About time."
Steve agilely folded into the car. Tony drank in the image. Steve pulled off the lumberjack look perfectly. His attention went to the iconic shield. Long jagged claw marks cut through paint, but the metal was undamaged. A new paint job was easy enough. He started up the engine, pulling away from the S.H.I.E.L.D facility as quickly as possible.
“She’s a child.”
"You already have. I feel your fear. There's no hiding that from me."
She had ivory skin and gray eyes. Wisps of blonde hair could be seen from her hood.
Steve checked his phone for what had to be the hundredth time today. Tony hadn’t called him yet. He expected a call as soon as he left.
“Sorry, I’m just nervous."
“Tell her about the war," said Steve.
“Come in.”
Lena smiled. Her smile was uncomfortable, unpredictable, and left Piper with questions. Sometimes it was fake other times it was real. Sometimes she couldn’t tell.
“Return to your cell.”
“I’m so glad you survived,” he said.
Standing in the doorway was Steve. A cunning smile marking his lips.
“Why are you here?” asked Steve.
The dance ended. Steve watched the motions of his wedding. It was a calm relaxed atmosphere it was exactly what he wanted. After the high tension and action of the recent months, this was perfect. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. From his seat he watched the guests dance.
“I hurt you.”
He remained still as the doctor worked.
"She works for S.H.I.E.L.D. Was one of my doctors," said Steve.
“No, don’t come closer,” he said. If the alpha came any nearer he may lose his limited control.
“What is it?” asked Bruce.
Broken Heart Syndrome - is a temporary heart condition that's often brought on by stressful situations, such as the death of a loved one. People with broken heart syndrome may have sudden chest pain or think they're having a heart attack. There's a temporary disruption of your heart's normal pumping function in one area of the heart. The remainder of the heart functions normally or with even more forceful contractions. Broken heart syndrome may be caused by the heart's reaction to a surge of stress hormones.
The bath was quiet. He lifted her out of the tub, wrapping her up in the fluffiest towel he could find. Tony carried her to her bed, letting her pick her outfit. She came out in bumblebee pajamas.
"No, just a normal one. He died WWI. My great grandparents on my papa's side immigrated from Ireland, but that's all I really know about them," said Piper.
Tony took a seat on the edge of the bed.
That made him jolt. “How-“
But then she relaxed allowing the touch. A sudden feeling of familiarity spread through him. What triggered it? He had no memory, yet he was sure he’d done this before. Winter pulled the cloth away. She sniffled, looking at him with those watery light blue eyes. He’d done all he could to comfort her.
Piper huffed eating them first to get it out of the way. She quickly ate.
Steve recognized the newscasters from Morning Joe.
“A week, I’ll be gone for five days.”
“That’s what we’re assuming. We doubt she would do something like this on her own,” said Fury.
His back arched finally being filled. He bit back a scream of pleasure.
“The shower is yours,” said Steve.
"I'll decide between those three names when I meet her," said Steve.
"I'm sorry, Steve. How is he?" he asked.
Steve pulled up to a large white Victorian house, with a huge front yard.
His breathing came in gasps. He clutched desperately to the carpet, trying to grasp onto something. Anything to distract from the consuming pain in his chest.
“Steve!”
Tony could sense his pup’s anxiety. He kneeled down at eye level with her. “What color do you think we should paint it?”
“I enjoy the smell,” said Tony.
“Becker’s near-death experience has calmed him,” said Pierce.
"I love you,"
December 16, 2011
*****
“I will now?” said Tony.
“No,” he said.
“I thought we were meeting at the base?” questioned Steve.
The growl in his voice set off another wave of aggression. What the genius, yet idiotic alpha didn’t understand was she wasn’t over him. He was moving on, helping another omega through heat. She should be happy. The public was more trusting of a coupled alpha. This was to be expected. She didn’t allow her sadness, but her anger came roaring through.
“They’re perfectly healthy."
They went onto the beach. Steve dug his toes into the sand. He sat in the sand with Tony next to him. The sun felt wonderful against his skin.
"Ask Papa - I bother him plenty about how he sleeps," he said.
“You’re the perfect pillow,” said Tony.
"Jarvis, can you let me in."
“I want to help you.”
She glared at her opponent. A nagging pained twitch at the back of her mind, making her wince as something truer to her tried to come forth. He struck. She barely managed to duck out of the way. He yanked his fist from the wall, causing chunks of cement to fall away. Fast and strong. The little alpha growled at her. She snarled right back, and chucked a large hunk of rubble at him, before taking to her feet. He chased after her, only a few strides out of reach.
“That’s not true,” he said. Barny was shocked by the glare sent in his direction by the child. “The doctors I’ve recommended to your parents are far bettered suited. But I can answer any questions you have about therapy.”
“You could have woken me up,” said Piper.
The alpha only neared his bed. He grabbed Tony's arm, bringing him into a kiss. "It wasn't your fault."
“Agent Romanoff, did you miss me?”
"I want to help," said Bruce.
“You shouldn’t be in here then, Nat. I don’t want to hurt you,” he said.
“8,000 feet.”
“For your grandmother,” said Steve.
"He asked me to move in with him. And I agreed. Do you think its too soon?"
“Fifty-one,” said Steve.  It wasn’t like he had a choice, dating people his age wasn’t an option.
"You're the reason he's been in such a good mood lately," said Rhodes.
“Have you taught before?”
“That’s a psychological issue. You, fainting, was brought on by a panic attack,” she said.
“You know that’s wrong,” said Steve.
"Stress and worry, compounded by a lack of sleep. Yelling may not be pleasant or healthy, but helps relieve that."
“That can be arranged, but certain precautions have to be taken for him to be allowed out.”
“Morning sweetheart."
“Get me a pair of shorts."
Her cries turned to soft whimpers as he placed her in the car seat. Steve got into the back seat with her and Tony.
“When will ambulance get here?”
“I’m cold,” whimpered Harley.
He huddled close to the alpha, resting his head on the man's chest. “Did I take you away from anything important?”
“May I see him?”
“I was five. I was curious. It wasn’t like I hurt anyone,” said Tony.
*****
“I’m sorry. You’re right,” she admitted.
“What genre?” he asked.
"No, hard feelings Point Break you got a mean swing,” said Tony playfully patting Thor’s bicep.
"How do you know?" asked Steve.
She followed Lena into the hall. Instead of being taken back to the holding room she shared with Winter, she was led to that horrible office.
“I’m not lost!” Piper shook with rage. Her heart was beating uncomfortably fast. She was hurting her family! Tears stung her eyes. She was hurting her parents but there was nothing she could do to change it.
*****
“Will that be an issue?” he asked.
"Night, sweetheart."
“Yes?”
“Oh, hey, Kate,” he said.
"Sure."
“Get away,” Winter rasped, finally.
“Steve, I know your bad days whatever this is, it isn’t that,” he said.
“We’ve been here for two hours,” he said.
"What?!"
“It does.”
"Wanting to do more than the Papa thing – it doesn't mean you're a bad parent," explained Natasha.
"There's more in the kitchen," said Tony.
“Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him,” said Fury.
“Are we done for today?” he asked.
“I know but I like this. Your world in the balance and you bargain for one man,” he said.
“Piper?”
“Steve.”
“I’m going a walk,” said Steve, pulling away.
“There’s no need to be scared, Piper.”
“He said it was okay. Daddy isn’t an old man.”
After a liquid breakfast of coffee, Tony went to the elevator. There had to be something in his lab that would lead to the discovery of their daughter. The stagnation that had taken hold of his life was intolerable. He was used to constantly moving forward. But now, he was stuck and the only cure was finding what was gone. And there had been no progress. The elevator door slid open and he walked out onto the floor without really looking.
"It was,” she nodded. “Along with other penguins he'd saved. Theodore couldn't believe it. He almost didn't recognize Steve, who had lost his fluffy baby feathers and grown into a strong penguin against all odds. Steve and Theodore along with their new friends fought back against the elephant seals, freeing the beach."
There were good things too, which brought calm to the chaos. Pepper and Maria Hill got married in a beautiful ceremony - Piper was the flower girl. The couple tried for a pup. But after multiple rounds of IVF, Maria and Pepper were excited to adopt.
“I can still go into heat?” he asked.
"Yeah, Papa makes the best ones," said Piper.
"It looked like he had a panic attack. Is he alright?"
“I don’t quite know,” said Jarvis.
“Thank you.”
“I need a shower. And as much as I want you to join me there isn’t enough room,” said Steve.
“This the last time I’m doing this anywhere near his heat,” said Tony.
, he couldn't think like that! Attachment wasn't something he could afford. Starks weren’t the settling down type. Getting attached would only hurt. This was a short-term arrangement.
“Is that limp?” asked Tony. The smugness was so evident in the alpha’s voice.
“I know you’re a lot smarter than me, Piper. So, I trust your brain.”
“Thank you.”
“It’s an electromagnet. You should know you got a box of them right here,” said Tony, rattling the box.
The alpha shrugged, knowing Steve wasn’t seriously upset with him. “You have a call to make, sweetheart,”
“I have that covered too,” said Steve.
The alpha broke their kiss. Steve whimpered as Tony kissed down his stomach. He brought the man back up, locking them in a kiss. He didn't need foreplay; all he wanted was his alpha on top of him.
“Now isn’t this a sight,” said Fury.
"Jarvis, tell Tony and Bruce that Edith will be here to tomorrow," said Steve.
“It’s nothing personal, sir."
She smiled brightly looking around.
“How much does she know?” asked Steve.
"Don't waste your breath, brother. He'll prove immune to your charms," said Loki.
“We’ll know her name when we meet her.”
Steve started the engine.
He walked down the aisle of cells, stopping in front of 1013, looking through the small bulletproof window in the door. Sitting inside on the steel bunk was a woman in a flowered dress, Dr. Lena Zemo. Her presence was oddity compared to her neighbors. He replaced her guards twice due to their sympathy toward her. The warden thought he was crazy for how he’d treated the beta.
“Jarvis, do you have the footage of before I got here,” said Steve.
“What time is it?” he asked.
The soft tone of his omega’s voice made Tony relax. He moved closer to the beauty. Tony allowed the omega to tend to his arm.
Tony rubbed his temples. “What do you have him on?”
Piper winced as she got to her feet.
"She's coming back isn't she?"
After days in the subzero weather, his body gave out. All he could feel was the biting cold. The single blessing of the cold was it numbed the pain of his injuries. But she was safe. What happened to him didn't matter. Tucked away safe and warm with her parents. A frozen death was befitting for one as cold as him. Before his eyes closed, he heard the distant sound of chopper blades.
There were some things the pup would be better of not telling him since he could be ordered to tell them.
“It's your tree,” said Steve.
Tony quickly raised it. “What do I do?”
“Yes,”
“Why?”
"No, we just caught up in a conversation. Tony, could you do me a favor?"
Steve braced against the wall as the alpha pushed into him. Alpha’s motions were slowly and deep. His eyes widened when Tony's hand went to his arousal. His release came when Tony’s teeth sunk into his neck. The alpha’s release followed seconds later. They descended to the shower floor.
They zoomed into the sky. Bruce clung to Thor for dear life. He wanted down. “Just drop me off at the edge of the city. Then go after Loki. I’ll catch up!” yelled Bruce over the winds.
Tony wanted to drink, something to dull the sharp ache in his heart. He couldn't risk it: he needed to be at his best if there was any news on Piper. Being strong had never been so difficult. Steve's gaze was distant and Tony wasn't sure if breaking him from the fog was the right thing to do. It was more merciful to let him stay there.
“Mmm, you’re right,” said Tony.
Steve nodded.
“Goodbye, Mr. Stark,”
Steve nodded. Tony moved to the floor. He clung to the alpha. The blue light from Tony’s chest was a comfort. He gently traced the metal edges of the reactor. Sighing when Tony placed a soft kiss on his forehead.
“Will you be staying for dinner?” asked Steve.
“They injected them with Extremis.”
“You’re leaving.”
*****
Lena rolled her eyes Rumlow’s transparent attempt to try and dominate her. "Enjoy it while it last, Rumlow.”
Steve groaned, forcing himself out of bed and went to the kitchen.
It was an attempt to lighten the mood. Seeing Steve turned a deep shade of red normally got a smile out of her. Steve blushed.
“You want me to help?” said Tony.
“Jarvis, can you give me some light. Keep it dim." The light came up enough for him to get a clear look at what he was doing. None of the bites were deep enough to warrant stitches. “Tony."
“If that’s what you think is best,” said Pepper.
"I know it doesn't seem like much but those are the bare-bone facts," said Edith.
"Sweat pants."
“I take it his session didn’t go well,” said Rhodes.
Turning away as he changed. Before he could get into the shower, she handed him, Piper.
“He doesn’t think he deserves those connections. So he tries his best to push us away. He’ll target where he knows it will hurt," said Rhodes.
“And these other photos, what war is this?” asked Steve.
“Eight to twelve hours."
"You can imagine how bad it is for me with the other guy?"
“Steve.”
A safe scent touched her nose and instinct forced her to follow it. She crashed into another prison containing a metal-armed alpha. Heavy footsteps came down behind her. She hid behind the large sleeping alpha. Hoping her chances were better with him than with them.
"Previous obligation, the Stark New Year's Eve Party. His attendance was mandatory."
“I sleep a little sounder,” said Steve. He feared Tony would think less of him for having such issues. The alpha thought he was perfect. He didn't want to disappoint him.
"Oh, I thought that was one of those questions that you aren't supposed to answer? Yes, you are one."
Steve smiled when he saw all his favorite comfort food on the kitchen counter. "Love you."
“Jarvis?”
Steve ran ahead of the others, turning Tony on his back. He ripped his mask off. Tony eyes were closed! He wasn’t breathing!
Winter growled. The doctor never did anything like this to the pup.
“Scanners aren’t picking up anything, but remain on guard,” said Clint.
"A familiar blueprint. It would have been shorter if I weren't so pleasantly distracted." Tony had thought they won't need it was a simple precaution. Never had he felt to urge to mark an omega even in rut. Steve brought out that urge.
“We aren’t done yet,” said Clint.
The pup had grown immensely in her abilities since they first started training a month ago. She had an affinity for bomb-making and diffusing, locking picking, and safe cracking. It amazed him how fast she was learning. The pup was a sponge, absorbing every bit of information she could.
“Honeybunny, Daddy’s hand isn’t made of iron,” Tony said gently.
Piper closed her eyes. There was only one thing truly wanted - a best friend. She closed her eyes and blew out the candles.
"Looks like we have to go," said Tony.
“No, but I might get to see a living fossil,” he said.
Steve watched his alpha. Tony stared blankly out the window. There was always something alive in Tony’s eyes, but it had been fading, lately. He hoped there was something to this lead. Otherwise, it may shatter his mate further. Steve sighed. It wasn’t only him who need some new hope. They both needed something to grasp onto, help keep them going. Steve took Tony’s hand, and Tony held on tightly.
“I’m sorry for what I said.”
“Asleep."
Piper bit her lip. She liked knowing that she could open and close the door, even though she hadn't built the confidence to exit the room without permission.
Natasha rolled her eyes. Steve was a skilled painter. She'd seen the ones he’d sent to Tony, but the one in his room must be different.
He picked her up and set her down in bed.
"What do you have against cantaloupe?" Tony popped the last few pieces into his mouth.
"Cure isn't the right word. I could put that side of you behind a mental wall." Piper willingly accepting Stage 2 would make things much easier for Lena; make the girl more acquiescent to suggestions under meditative hypnosis.
“There are bottles in the fridge. If you need anything, ask Jarvis.”
*****
"You didn't have to be mean," said Piper.
A bell chimed as the entered. The floor was a white and black checkerboard pattern. The seats were upholstered with a sparkly red and white fabric. They took a seat in one of the booths.
One choice and Piper would be with them.
She snuck out of bed much later in the morning. Gloria was already working on brunch. She stood beside the elderly woman and began helping her with the meal.
“Tell me what’s wrong so I can help.”
He wasn’t going to reveal what he smelled. That was his to know.
“Relax, secure the perimeter.”
Steve pressed into his mate. They were superheroes but could do nothing.
It wasn’t aggressive whine. It was one he’d heard countless times before.
He bit the inside of his cheek.
“What the rock of ages giving up so easily?” said Tony.
“As good as he can. This is a big adjustment,” said Tony.
He paused on a page resting the book on his lap. Piper was an amazing child. He truly looked forward to seeing what the future held for her. Children had never been something he'd thought about. It wasn't an option now, of course. Piper was probably the closest he'd ever come. Her parents were some of the few that would ever trust him with a child. He returned to his book.
Steve fell forward onto his elbows when Tony slowly licked his slick from the source. He mewled as Tony’s tongue worked deeper. Steve fisted the blankets, pressing back against the wet appendage, trying to take it deeper. Screaming when Tony pumped him. He fell over the brink of orgasm, coming in Tony's hand.  Steve collapsed into the mattress letting the aftershocks of pleasure wash over him. Tony turned him onto his back. Steve shivered when Tony licked the cum from his hand. The alpha’s mouth was wet with slick. Steve moaned the scent of Tony’s arousal was heavy in the air. Slick continued to leak from him. Their lips met again. Steve spread his legs for him, allowing him to rest between them. They moaned into their kiss as Tony slowly pushed into him. Steve felt every inch of him.
“You’re the second person to tell me that,” said Steve.
There was a knock on the door. After the night he had there was no way he could go to work with a clear his head. He went to answer it. It was a female alpha. Her natural scent was a light mix of mint and honey.
She should have never left! Piper started sniffling doing her best to force back her tears. He kneeled in front of her. She watched as the feral nature shrank from his eyes. He gently wiped away her tears.
“He apologized. When I asked about her,” clarified Steve. “Why?”
Yes, as you requested,” she said.
He eyed the four nurses, strangers, growling as they approached.
“Okay,” agreed Piper. She snuggled against his side again, purring as he read. Papa's voice was always so soothing. Her eyes grew heavy as he read aloud. She was nodding off by the time he finished. Steve put her into bed, tucking her in.
"How many times have I told you not wander off, Peter Benjamin Parker?" she said.
Piper’s lip was trembling. She was on the verge of crying. He turned his gaze to the floor.
A fact that caused a tinge of annoyance. Tony watched as the omega left. He took a seat. Tony, so wanted to hear that perfect breathtaking moan again. His inner alpha scratched angrily against his mind at the idea of Steve leaving him. Tony unsuccessfully tried shaking it away. He took the large packet of papers from his suitcase and placed it on the table.
They went into the room that enclosed the cell she shared with Winter. It was bigger. The only problem was the glass wall dividing the cell in half.
“Do you need me on an assignment?”
He was numb.
Dum-E wheeled over with a bottle of aspirin. Steve had Tony swallow several pills.
"I have a migraine. I rarely grant it control. That side of me doesn't come out unless I'm in rut."
"Nothing at this point it's dormant," said Bruce.
Steve and Tony turned to see Piper. Her timid tone was real.
He gasped letting going of the pillow. His pain scale with his contractions was two to six pain level. Now it was at ten.  It had been decades since he'd last felt anything at this level suffering. He was panting.
“Papa and I will be right upstairs,” he said.
Steve groaned. Sunlight streaming through the blinds forced him awake. He pulled the thin blankets over his head, but there was no blocking it out. A gentle ocean breeze. Outside he heard waves lapping gently against the shore. Tony had taken him to the beach. He walked out into the living area. A large breakfast arrangement had been put out. The fruit smelled amazing. Some fruits set out he’d never seen before. Tony handed him a bowl of fruit salad. He took a seat next to him finally taking a moment to admire the beach view in front of him. The sand was white and the water was crystal clear.
"Than why, Tony?"
“Did anyone die in the fire they used to take me?” asked Piper.
“We can do that,” said Steve.
“I’m sorry to call you at work but she won’t settle down and my voice isn’t doing it for her. Could you sing to her?”
“5:00 am.”
“For not visiting sooner."
Tony forced back the heartbreak. She didn’t need to see that. It would only cause her harm.
“A panic attack."
Natasha sat in a high-end bar, hidden from mainstream social rings. She was perched on an art deco bar stool, silently studying customers. The room smelled of big money from around the world. Bets were being placed. Liquor was flowing. At the center of the room was a caged arena. Two large alphas with prosthetic limbs sat in either corner, waiting for the bell.
“Sure,” said Steve.
“Yes.”
Tony tensed when he caught his husband glaring at him. Telling Steve slipped his mind. It would not be a pleasant experience when they got back to the hotel.
"I got you something."
They spent the day together after breakfast. Steve was in a cuddly mood and clung to him for hours on the couch. Tony was grateful for the contact. It was a powerful reassurance. At 7 p.m., Steve got up. The omega was heavily covered in his scent. Tony took Steve's hand before he got far.
The emergency exit door was yanked open. A masked figure jumped through. The door slammed shut behind the man. He easily knocked Happy out of the way. Steve snarled, baring his teeth. The two circled each other.
“Life, I built him. I take care of him. I’ll fix him,” said Tony tossing the paper the couch.
“We can’t do that!”
“Alright, we'll go with whatever you have planned.”
“I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position,” said Tony.
She was worried about her friend. All she needed to know right now is if he was okay.
“Of course not. If it happens, I’ll handle it,” said Pepper.
That translated into twenty to thirty minutes. Jarvis would keep the water at the perfect temp for Steve. He scented the omega’s neck, checking for anything that may be wrong. Steve nosed against his neck. After half an hour he was ready to get out. Tony drained the tub and helped him out. Then helped him into a pair of shorts.
“I’m only going to the beach,” said Steve.
“You know that I do,” she said.
"Captain Rogers, access confirmed."
“Thanks,” he said.
Steve went red, turning away. “Not yet."
“How can you tell?” he asked.
Tony kissed him. He wrapped his arm around Steve, pulling him closer, needing him too.
“Thanks, she’ll love it,” he said.
Piper took a breath, stowing away her emotions. Now wasn’t the time to show them. Not with people who clearly use them against her.
“This is my job. I won’t trade even with its dangers,” said Steve.
“Don’t fuss. Most children are overjoyed to miss class.”
“I swear. First, you'll have to come down," said Bloom.
“The Tesseract belongs on Asgard. No human is a match for it,” said Thor.
"It doesn't matter. Today has gone perfectly. And looks like we're not only one enjoying the moment." Steve looked over Pepper and Agent Hill dancing together. Pepper was blushing deeply and was timidly smiling at beta.
“It is.”
“I’ll try not to,” said Tony.
“You think they were exposed to gamma radiation,” said Natasha.
“How is he?”
He pressed a quick peck on Tony’s lips and darted off to the shower. He needed to cool himself down. Jarvis already started the shower for him and had it to the perfect temperature. Steve tried to calm his nerves. Biting Tony was a thrill. The taste of the alpha's skin and blood was intoxicating. He wanted to mark the alpha as his. Steve toweled dry and changed.
Piper started crying, which made the moment all the more, laughable. He rescued Piper from the omega’s arms.
"You should try to open it," said Steve.
“No!” Winter shouted harshly, but he didn’t use his alpha voice. The cards went flying as he retreated to his corner. Piper sat stunned. She gathered the cards and tried again, this time setting up solitary. Theodore crept out from his corner and settled by her side, seemingly fascinated by the movement of the cards.
“Papa?”
He gave no response. Piper doubted he would tell her if he was hurting - the feral alpha couldn't show any sign of weakness. Theodore brought the tray over, testing the food before he allowed her to eat. A glint of metal against his neck caught her eye.
He slowly pulled away. Running would make him the stereotype timid little omega. Something he'd never been. He should have been angry by the possessive alpha displayed, marking him as taken for all to see, but he wasn't. Now the alpha and beta trainees would stop flirting with him. This was the only place they could be public. Tony worked with S.H.I.E.L.D. He didn’t want other omegas getting ideas about his alpha. He heavily scent marked, Tony. A smug smile crossed the alpha’s lips. Tony leaned closer.
“What will you do with it?” asked Rune.
“You got me.” Tony raised his hands in surrender. “Nice potato gun. The barrel is a little long between the and the long gage you’re going to admonish your distance."
It was a stainless-steel collar. Piper scowled, her tiny hands fisted.
“You answered.” Piper was surprised and pleased.
“Done,” said Sir.
“Are we done here, Coulson?” he asked.
An hour later he made a self-buckling attachment. He checked making sure the seat was secure.
"Would you
"Most families aren't like yours are they?" he said.
Joseph was happy with the progress the pup was making. Yes, she was rebellious but he didn't know why Lena thought the girl was such a hassle. All the pup needed was a firm hand. Her skills had grown immensely under his supervision. She was an expert sniper. Of course, her training was limited to simulation, but still an impressive record. She was a master of strategy. Sometimes outsmarting him. In addition to her course work, she learned Spanish and Greek. He wished all of his recruits were half as capable.
"I think it's pretty clear how she feels. She hasn't seen you all day."
Tony followed Steve’s directions to a small diner. It had a sixties theme. Steve walked toward the back that looked out on the road.
"It should be yours, too," said Steve softly.
Steve stopped pacing when he became dizzy. He took a seat on the couch, groaning.
“Fuck,” he hissed.
"How was your nap?" asked Tony.
“Vibranium, it’s stronger than steel and a third the weight. It’s completely vibration absorbent,” he said.
“That’s if we can even get them in the room with her,” said Tony.
“Jarvis, keep an eye on him. I’ll be right back,” said Steve.
“Tony Stark and Steve Rogers have you come here to enter into marriage without coercion, freely and wholeheartedly?”
Steve kissed the alpha goodnight. He curled up in one of the guest bedrooms. Steve tossed and turned, unable to find a comfortable position. He moved to the floor and found a restless sleep. Steve woke up in cold sweat. He searched for Tony.
“Steve, you need to calm down.”
The soft tone did nothing cushion the words. It implied he didn't care as much, but he did. Knowing how much Steve cared allowed him to do this.
Piper nearly cried.
“No, do you wish me to inform him of your arrival?”
“I have a job. I can’t spend all my time with you," he said. As tempting as it was.
Steve bit his lip.
“You didn’t sleep,” stated Steve.
Edith hung up. Director Fury stood behind her. She glared at him.
“Hmm?”
“You were trying to protect me.”
Tony growled. “Who?!”
“Sounds like the beginning of a terrible joke,” said Steve.
“They found a Hydra storage unit,” said Natasha.
“There was someone on our territory.”
"Something like this has happened before with gamma radiation. I take it wasn't as easily handled as the bears."
“This is a new hope,” said Tony, finally.
“It was a panic attack.”
He kneeled down to peer under crawl space between the deck and cabin. When Piper saw him, the blue light coursing through her intensified. She growled at him to back away. He had to calm her down. Steve started singing the lullaby he’d sung to her since she was a baby.
Maria took a seat next to him. “How are you?”
“Papa.”
“Howard wouldn’t allow it.”
“Two years. Most alpha omega couples married by six or eight months? At least that was the norm during my time. Has it changed?” asked Steve.
"Yes, a scientist tried replicating the results of the experiment that made you by using gamma radiation. The end result gave him a strength greater than yours, but it came at a cost. It turned into an indestructible monster that he transforms into any time he became enraged," she said.
“Papa? Daddy?”
“You can’t scan me without my permission,” Steve objected.
“I’ll call you if I could use you on an assignment.”
He hadn’t sleep last night. For once, his restlessness wasn't due to nightmares or stress, but energy. He had too much of it. Instead, Steve spent the night running laps. Hours of running earned him less than an hour of sleep. He craved activity.
“Why don’t you join us?” asked Tony.
“Tony?” Steve asked, seeing his husband’s sudden tension.
"It's okay, baby girl, you're safe."
Piper slowly took a seat at the desk. It was a bit big for her, her feet couldn’t touch the ground. Lena put a notebook in front of her along with several pencils.
"Will he survive?" asked Tony.
“Stay.”
“It’s a dinosaur. These phones are meant for the elderly. Let me get you a new one."
"Even if you did these things have a way of coming back. They aren't meant to be suppressed," said Barny.
“Are we done?” he asked.
“Yes, sir.”
Steve had long gashes running down his back. It didn’t seem to bother him in the least.
*****
"I understand, but I have to run some tests," said Bruce.
“I thought you were just drawn to my charms,” said Tony with a roll of his eyes.
“Hungry?”
Steve followed him to the lab. He was tempted to settle into the nesting couch but went to the lumpy sofa instead. He watched in silence as Tony worked.
“Loneliness, I understand,” said Steve. He understood more than she ever could.
“Things got switched around. I have a short break between assignment, no point in going home,” he said. The disappointment was clear in the alpha’s voice.
He nosed against Tony's neck. Before he wrapped his arms around the alpha's waist he shot from the bed.
Tony nosed against his neck.
"I know, but you're my friend. My only friend," said Rune.
“Is he okay?”
Steve shifted on his feet. Tony didn’t have to see Steve know he was blushing.
An Asian man stepped out. The gentle sweetness to his scent revealed him to be an omega, dressed in a blue striped button-down shirt with a navy sweater vest. His dark red tie was slightly uneven. He wore jeans and brown loafers.
“I’m looking forward to it. What do you have planned?” asked Steve.
Piper sat up her tossing off her blanket, revealing her blue fire truck pajamas; she refused to wear anything else since receiving them for Christmas. Becoming a fireman was her most recent career obsession. She'd talked about it nonstop for the last three months. Normally, her career interests changed from day to day, or even hourly. Steve nearly had a panic attack when she said she wanted to be a soldier. He wasn't sure if she’d caught his expression, but he was glad she never mentioned it again. A fireman was safe. No one would try and hurt her in such a profession. Steve shook his head; he was putting too much thought into it. She was only three!
“Peru." That was a new one. He knew little of the country.
“None of them could compare to you,” he whispered. Steve turned red, smiling through his blush. “I’ll see you later."
"Whatever you're working on will be there when you finish,"
“The odds aren’t in their favor,” said Helmut.
“He’s pregnant,” said Jarvis.
“Yes.”
Tony put much that together already. Piper started whining, calling both their attentions. Steve soothed her. He kissed Steve on the cheek.
The pepper-smelling alpha left, dragging the dead beta with him. The glass cell sealed behind them. Piper ran to the door slamming her fists against it. There was no seam and it didn't budge. She slid down, back against the door. Piper tensed as she faced the alpha she was encaged with. He was only inches away, yet made no move against her.
“Sir, I should remind you that Captain Rogers's contract includes a strict confidentiality clause. Once he’s gone, all our footage on him has to be erased,” said Jarvis.
He brought the book into his lap. Taking the time to enjoy each photo. Ever so often the startings of a smile pulled at the corners of his mouth. As he became lost in the images he gave up his fight against the gesture.
“I know so,” he said.
"Spending it with you."
"You'll be surprised how difficult that can be. Even I struggled with it at times."
“Love you too, Tony."
*****
“Why does that name sound familiar?” asked Steve.
“You an alien?” asked the guard.
Later that night, he led Tony to bed. Tony joined him on the floor.
“What has you feeling this way? Should I expect my garage to blow up again?” asked Peggy.
“Yes, I’m done. I don’t think I can move.”
“She had to be forced into doing this. Piper would never do this otherwise,” said Steve.
“There’s one more photo I want you to look at.”
“Good move,” said Tony.
Steve hadn’t even thought of the wedding. “You will be."
“I’ll have to ask you some questions,” she said.
“I’ll get started on that.”
“It’s only blood, Mr. Stark.”
“Water.”
“Why did you come here? What was so important that you had to speak to Tony?”
Tony’s hands were beaten from taking out aggression on the surroundings. There were dark bruises on his neck and over his chest.
He wasn't lying. Winter was struggling to put together the pieces.
“Yes.”
“Sorry about having you come all this way,” he said.
Steve looked around trying to figure out what Tony was talking about, along with most of the crew. Tony stood at Fury's control station.
Steve put on fresh pair underwear. He didn’t bother with putting on anything else. At Jarvis’ encouragement, he ate. He put his dish in the sink. The shimmer of his necklace caught his attention. His fingers ran over the smooth cool surface.
“Our prisoner wants to talk to you, Captain. I’ll allow it if you let me show Piper a picture.”
Agent Coulson sat outside, waiting for him.
“You mean the exhibit? That’s in DC,” said Happy.
“Alpha.”
“I can hear the smile in your voice. I bet you’re blushing," she teased.
"It's safe." He helped her out of her clothes, placing her in the warm water. She sat there shivering.
He could almost hear her rolling her eyes.
"You're still getting it?"
“We’ll figure this out." He pulled a blanket over Steve. “When will he wake up?”
“You smell kinda like Piper when you're distressed."
“I don’t wanna be. But I guess it’s something I’ll eventually have to be ready for. What’s first?”
“I don’t know. They haven’t told me anything yet,” said Steve, dropping his head into his hands. Happy squeezed his shoulder.
“Why not?” asked Steve.
“I guess it is kinda cool.”
“I’m guessing this was an accident,” said Happy.
“What the hell, Tony!” she screamed.
“Sorry.”
“At this point, I think nothing would surprise me,” said Steve. His boyfriend flew around in red and gold metal suit. How much more surprising could it get?
“There are some oddities,” said Bruce.
“What are they doing to them?” asked Rhodes.
“Good morning, where’s Tony?”
“It’s the most reliable information we’ve gotten.”
Steve slowly got up, bracing his lower back.
More missiles came crashing through their home, tearing them from each other.
,” she read. She’d been craving some kind of mental activity. As much as she cared for Theodore, he didn’t make for the most stimulating of conversation.
“I shouldn’t have let her come with me.”
“Yes.”
"She didn't," said Tony. Their pup was safe. "Do you remember what he looked like?"
“How is he?”
"This may be a new era, but I doubt even now it won't have use of me. Knowing I may be needed is stabilizing. It isn't the future that's getting to me."
“You can cook?” said Steve.
“He’s a friend,” said Thor.
“When are you going to purpose?” she asked.
“Don’t lurk,” said Natasha.
Tony smiled when she nodded off completely, a Dalmatian stuffed animal clutched in one arm.
Winter caught the lie but was more concerned with the distress currently leaking from the pup, so he waited for her to say more.
“You should be more careful, Dr. Bloom. Your expression may be calm, but your heart rate has picked up. Even more so now that I’ve mentioned it,” said Piper.
“Would you like to come to my apartment warm up?” he asked.
“She’ll learn how to defend herself once she gets older. I'll make sure of that,” said Steve.
"Yeah, but I don't think it's bad."
Bruce sighed. They were facing possible alien invasion and relationship drama seemed to be the only thought on the alpha’s mind.
“I don’t see it like that.”
“My cellphone."
“While we're on topic Ms. Potts has called over a hundred times,” said Jarvis.
“Reflexes are good.”
“We’re done here. You’ll be escorted to your cell.”
"Wait, I'm sorry."
“I couldn’t decide so I got you both. I hope you haven’t read them yet.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Of course we are. Why would you ask that?”
Steve's mind flashed to the worst conclusion. His baby in a cold morgue freezer.
Steve’s hands clenched. It was a dirty move. The offer was tempting, but the ultimatum was enough of a deterrent.
“What is this?”
Tony waited in the kitchen for Steve. A minute later, the omega came out.  Steve came out shirtless.
“What does the birthday girl want for breakfast?”
“Yes, serve in Iraq as a medic for two tours before joining S.H.I.E.L.D,” she said.
Winter tensed.
Edith went to their cell, both her subjects tensing at her presence.
“It’s 1:30 am.”
Winter watched as the pup began to wake, scowling when he saw their meal had arrived. It was a dinner menu. The change meant nothing to him. The quality of his food had improved greatly since the pup's arrival. But this would upset her. It wasn't only the meal, but also, the timing. It was 04:00. Their meal's arrival was four hours early. The smell of food caused the pup stir.
"LET GO!"
"You don't have to thank me for that, James."
Steve cringed at the yelling. He pulled at his submissive instincts. Every part of him wanted to bare his neck, but he refused to.  Tony was seething. His angered ranting mostly included of how he was going to get Fury for his incompetence. Steve let this go on for five minutes.
He had to work with what he had. Tony pushed through to the engine.
“I shouldn’t have put you through that.”
“Air out the room.”
“By who?”
“No, Winter.”
“I don’t want to scare her,” protested Steve.
"I doubt an alpha would want to wear a rubber during my heat," he said.
“I’ve seen worse,” said Natasha.
"Alright, five minutes, and I want you back on the couch."
*****
“Take your time,” said Tony. His hands traveled down Steve’s back, trying to work out some of the knots. The previous peace was over. “No one will think less of you. I promise I won't. They probably think more of you if they ever found out."
“It’s hard to do that when she doesn’t trust me. More like, she civilly tolerates me. I thought she'd be happy to see us, but she was more nervous than anything. It wasn't her fault, but I can help feeling I'm a terrible parent," said Steve.
“What are you making?”
“Was that joke?”
Steve did as told.
“Yes, and we’ve even made some new improvements,” she said.
“I liked the photo of you in a pink bunny costume,” said Steve with a giggle.
“I’m not even sleepy,” she said before yawning.
Steve's unphased by the outburst. His pup was acknowledged and accepted by its father. That wasn't changing. The reaction was fueled by alpha protective instinct.
"Thank you for doing all this, Pepper," he said.
“Because I miss it.” Piper wiped away her tears. “Have you always been at this exact location?”
Steve sighed deeply. Once he’d gotten over the shock of his situation, he’d cried himself to sleep for days. All that he knew was gone. Once he built new connections, it was a little easier, but the pain was still there.
Tony grunted, pushing into thrusting into his omega. Never wanting to leave the tight wet heat enclosing around him. Together they set a brutal, punishing rhythm. They were both close. With a final deep thrust knot locked in place. Roaring in the omega's ear as he reached release.
Hours later he got onto a smaller jet with Natasha flying toward their destination.
It hurt knowing he felt that way about himself. The sternness to him left little room for changing his mind. It would take a lot of time for her or anyone else to wear through that thinking.
“I did, so I thought you would too. And not just the bad dream, is it?” Piper shook her head. “It’s harder for people like you and your papa. You need to work out some energy. You were constantly challenged worked your body has adjusted to that pace of life.”
"Piper?" Tony kneeled beside her, touching her shoulder. She grabbed a shard glass and pointed it at his neck. The motion lacked hesitation and occurred in a fraction of a second. She was unaware of how the sharp glass carved into her own hand.
“What do you mean?”
It was Harley. The kid looked perfectly fine.
Edith turned her back to him. He put on the medical gown. It was tight and short on him.
The mandarin laughed.
“Happy, he’s awake,”
“Vanuatu, why the rush?”
He eased away the scent of Steve’s distress.
“Director.”
"You know," said Edith.
Tony laughed. “That’s so much better than Iron Patriot.”
"There was no risk. You are qualified in completing this task."
"He hasn't even told me," said Nat.
“I trust you,” said Tony. He truly did. An honor he did not give easily. Steve was the fourth person to earn that level of trust. He hoped he didn’t end up regretting it. Tony got out of the car with him, taking his hand.
"That's my aunt Pepper. She's married to Aunt Maria."
“Have you finished already?” she asked.
It wasn't getting through. He couldn’t purr, not when his omega was like this. Touch didn’t seem right at the moment. Tony just sat next to him. He needed to purr. The whole purpose of an alpha's purring was to calm omegas. He finally managed to get himself calm enough to purr. It seemed to be getting through to Steve; he slowly began to uncurl from a ball on the floor. A small whine left him.
“Where’s Steve?” asked Natasha.
He put her on the bed when they reached their room.
“Steve, with your contraction I want you to push,” said Edith.
"I assume this has something to do with Steve's condition," said Bruce, cleaning his glasses.  A pregnant super-soldier. There wouldn't be another chance for him to study such a subject. Banner shook his head. This was a friend, not a subject.
“I want you to agree to a checkup.”
There will still be a chapter published Friday.
He hadn’t begun firearm training with her yet, but he had taught her gun maintenance and safety. It took a week for him to convince her that touching the weapon wouldn't hurt her. Now, she could disassemble and reassemble every weapon in their training inventory in under a minute.
Tony lowered his hand to Steve's stomach, feeling his her kick. “That’s my girl.”
"What if I say yes and the sound doesn't go away?" Piper asked.
“What alpha do you want for your heat?” asked Edith.
“Sorry, Pepper, but I believe doing that will disturb our guest,” said Jarvis.
“Not this time.”
Quiet conversation fell between them. Steve didn't leave until Bruce finished the meal. He took the bowl.
"A ring that I will insert," said Edith.
“Why the hell did you come back?” asked Tony. This was Steve’s chance to get away, yet he didn’t.
"Beautiful, look at me." Steve met his gaze. "I want you to show you off to the world, so every alpha will know they can't have you. There's too much going on right now. I think the world needs a breather before we announce. And I have a more selfish motive."
“For when you're ready,” said Tony.
“There’s nothing to be ashamed of,” said Tony.
“What are we going to do? We don’t have any transport.”
“I’ll take you to Winter for training.”
“Because the great Tony Stark is never wrong,” said Steve.
“I’m scared.”
His inner made sure to voice his appreciation. He whined, hiding his face in his arms. Tony nuzzled and purred. Steve bit his lip as Tony continued to thrust into, his knot working him perfectly. He forced back a moan when release found him again.
“Okay.”
“Not today.”
The tears stopped; finally quiet. Piper went to the opposite side of the cell. What was she doing? She charged full speed, slamming herself against the glass. A small crack appeared. Blood trickled down her forehead.
"That's what everyone says," said Steve.
“Could have fooled me,” said Steve.
"On a separate note, we'll have to make the baby announcement soon," she said.
"You know what keeps going through my head? Where's my sandwich?"
"So, I can say I understand, Piper and mean it. I know what it's like to afraid for your friend's life and to fear for your life. What it's like to be used solely for who you are, nothing more."
“I’m fine,” said Steve.
“You’re supposed to be locating the Tesseract,” said Fury.
“Rune. What do they call you?”
It wasn't long enough.“I know,” sighed Steve.
“Omega.”
“So the doctor?” asked Tony.
*****
Steve took a seat at the counter.
“Captain Rogers?”
“Why can’t I just have you as a doctor?” asked Piper. He had to be good for Papa to trust him.
This had to be the man Rune warned her about. She’d have to stay on guard. His actions alone made him were reason for concern.
“Steve Rogers, Captain America.”
“You know how to flatter a girl, Director. But I'm sure there are far more deserving gals than me,” she said.
“That didn’t do much for you,” she said.
“Nice to meet you. My English is not so good,” said Fleur.
He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair.
Winter faltered. He wanted her to fear him. It was safer that way, but he couldn't harm her.
“You’re hurting him.”
“Where’s Steve?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Pancakes?”
“You can put your on shirt.”
“Are you doubting my capabilities?”
Steve laughed as the alpha struggled to peel the vegetables. It kept slipping from his hands and falling into the sink. He moved behind Tony, correcting Tony's method. He blushed when Tony leaned flirtatiously against his chest. Steve blushed, realizing how dominant his posture was. Tony didn't seem to mind. He actually seemed to enjoy it. Steve pulled away.
“All the bad happening are because of things that while I was gone. What does the before matter?”
“What the hell happened here?" asked Foggy covering his nose.
Tony went to the hall. Scent tracking wasn't one of his strong alpha strong suits. Tony worked through the maze of halls getting closer to that familiar scent. When he was closer singing could be heard:
"You shouldn't have bitten me when I'm so close to heat. You may have sped it up."
He huffed. “Nothing."
“Up no, no. He was trying to say I want my goddam file.”
“Boss?”
“Open.”
Tony raised his hands. “This."
Piper paced their cell, tiled floor cool underneath her feet. The chemical clean scent made her anxious. There was no trace of her drawings. It was like that blue rage didn’t happen. She was strong. But that power was something new. It frightened her and she didn’t understand it. But she needed to … if there was even a chance she could use it against her captors.
Winter smirked, catching onto her doubt. He stepped forward, sneaking his hand to their pockets without a single bell ringing.
Steve calmed and began to work. Tony could help be surprised. The omega’s hands were steady while they worked. Pepper shook the first time they did this and nearly killed him in the process. He had a clear view of Steve’s focused expression. His heart race and the monitor showed it.
The alpha nuzzled against his neck. Tony’s arm wrapped around his shoulder pulling him close.
“I guess it doesn’t.”
She had no idea what he was thinking. Piper was too occupied with the wooden magnetic blocks. She was obsessed with them, unable to figure out how they stuck together. They were big enough for him not to worry about her choking on them. About ten minutes later hunger overcame her interest.
"I care that she's missing, but there are millions of missing children. She's more notable than most of them. But she isn't of the most urgency," said Fury.
"Tony?"
"Scary look?"
He bent down to her eye level, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, hugging him tightly. Every time he came back from a session Piper would catch him in a warm hug. No matter what mood he returned in, she always greeted him with a hug. It was one few good things about those sessions.
Joseph straightened at the seriousness of Pierce’s tone.
“Whatever you saw must have been pretty fucking terrible you to go that low,”
“I’ll get the shower ready,” said Jarvis.
Steve sighed looks like Hell’s Kitchen hadn’t changed as much as he thought. He couldn’t help wondering just how the alpha had lost his sight. He seemed to have acclimated.
“An hour and thirty minutes. You went feral," said Jarvis.
“That’s the third time. You’re unfocused,” said Banner.
“Yeah.”
“What happened here?”
“Steve, I’ve seen every inch of that marvelously sculpted. There’s no reason to be shy,” said Tony.
Tony slowly shed his clothes. Was the man teasing him? Steve whimpered as those predatory eyes swept over him.
“I want you to tell you.”
“I should be taking my leave. It was nice meeting you, Steve,” said Pepper.
Lena sighed.
"You can, too, Rune."
“The scientists at S.H.I.E.L.D. have developed me a suppressant. They’ve already helped me cool down,” said Steve.
“It just slipped out,” said Tony.
“It’s different,” said Bruce. He appreciated the comparison. It was sound reasoning but even close to being the same.  Tony cleared the monitor he was working on, forcing his attention.
“Relax, Steve have a donut.”
“We aren’t ready for others to know just yet,” said Steve.
Steve was slow to rise from bed. He hadn’t slept well. Old memories haunted his nights. His hand slid underneath the pillow, snatching Howard's letter. He traced the old envelope. Steve tried several times to open, but couldn't, fearing what it may contain. He hid it away, knowing he'd only seek it out and fail to open it again, before stowing it away. Maybe tomorrow he'd have the courage to open it. He changed into his exercise clothes. He found the gym with little difficulty. Most of the equipment was new to him. He went to the outside track. The fresh air helped clear his mind. He ran for hours then showered. His stomach growled loudly. He went to the kitchen and filled his tray with a large pile of food. Steve took a seat at an out of view table, hoping people would take it as a sign to leave him alone.
“Dindin?”
He'd seen those eyes before, from some distant place… unable to access it.
“You have a nice smile.”
“Our people can handle it,” she said.
“It matters, Steve," said Edith.
He soothed Steve until Piper woke up. The omega allowed him to leave long enough to get their daughter. He placed her on Steve's chest before lying down with them. A soft little rumble sounding quiet. Steve smiled.
Piper smiled. It was the first one he'd seen all day and Tony relaxed. Seeing that single expression melted his stress and tiredness away. He put her down in the playpen. She didn't fuss, yawning softly. A small victory. Tony laid down on the couch. He only needed a few minutes to close his eyes, that’s all. In what felt like seconds later, Jarvis woke him up.
“A list of things you’ll need to get for her to do ballet. I’ll send the name of a great instructor,” said Nat.
“What’s your plan, my Captain?” he asked with a roll of his hips.
Steve bucked against the intimate touch. He clutched the edge of the table, needing something to grasp. His legs wrapped loosely around Tony’s waist. His heart drummed in his ears.  He nuzzled against Tony’s neck breathing in his scent. Steve ran his tongue along Tony’s neck, causing the alpha to freeze for a moment, before kissing him. He moaned into their kiss as Tony’s finger pressed into him. His legs spread, further offering himself to the alpha. Soon other fingers joined. He pressed further down on them. Steve balanced on the edge of release.
Steve woke up alone.  His was spread out in bed the blankets tossed messily around him. He found his way to the kitchen. Tony was working on some kind of homemade gun.
"That giant wormhole in um in New York. Does it remind you?"
“I’m up.”
"Can we stay here a while longer?" asked Steve.
“This is only if you get pulled over or need an ID,” said Phil.
“What happened?”
*****
“I’ll have to examine your neck,” said Edith.
"Only eight more left."
"That's normal in the first term."
“It might not be the only thing keeping you up,” said Tony.
“It’s happened to you?” sniffled Piper.
(See the end of the chapter for
*****
It was short and sweet, which was perfect. Steve took a small sip of the champagne, not wanting to risk suspicion. Once the meal was done. Steve got up went to Peggy.
Among the holiday cheer, Piper's third birthday stood out. It was only one day away and their little girl wouldn’t let them forget it. Steve thought about how far they’d come as he finished up his morning workout.
"I'm not something. I'm a person!" Piper froze. The topic had never been so openly addressed. She shook her head trying to focus. She should be using this time to figure him out. Piper couldn't place his accent. Despite the coolness of his expression, his voice was warm and thick. Out of nowhere, an electric jolt surged through her. She pulled herself from the floor. The man held an electric rod. She hadn't even picked up the movement, the action was so seamless.
The gash on his side had mended. Steve put the belt on loosely. A doctor came in to tend Tony’s injuries. She also brought scrubs for them to change into. The shirt didn't completely cover his stomach.
He took off her hat.
Nothing. Piper sighed. She might as well get used to it.
“September third.”
Two hours later Steve was growing more and more irritated. He was six hours in. The entire time was spent walking laps. Only pausing to brace himself or regain balance.
*****
“There’s no need for the gun in your silver wear drawer.”
“Right.”
“Be quiet about it.”
“Thanks, Tony.”
“Easy."
Steve bit his lip. He wanted to. It was a breach of privacy, but he wanted to know.
“Mmm, Tony?” His arm stretched out, searching for his alpha, only to find that side of the bed empty.
“Will, I ever get to meet them?”
“Not right.”
“Dr. Crane will be with you shortly,” she said.
“Cut it out,” said Rumlow, slapping the boy on the back of the head. The boy yelped and quickly quieted down, lights stabilizing.
“The sooner you answer, Piper, the sooner you’ll be able to leave.”
Tony’s sunglasses hid the emotions, which Steve could read clearly in his gaze. Tony didn't even look up from his phone, his fingers flying across the screen.
Another flew above him.
Piper tried again. "How many wars have you been through?"
“Is this it?”
“SHIT!” He grabbed the walky from his belt. “Start erase procedures now. Enemies are in route. This is not a drill!”
Piper frowned. It would have been nice to have someone else to talk to besides Winter.
Tony instantly woke up. The scent of Steve's desire was all he could smell. Slick soaked the blankets underneath them. Steve sighed, arching off the bedding slightly as he ran his fingers down his stomach. He whined, spreading his legs, encouraging him to come closer. Tony moved atop his omega, hiding the gorgeous being from view. He slid off the insulting cloth, shielding his prize, releasing more of the beautiful scent. He brushed his fingers through those golden brown locks. Tony licked Steve’s neck, causing the omega to shiver.
“At least I got you to lay down,” said Tony.
“Clark Gable saw Gone With the Wind twice because of him." Tony didn’t seem jealous, but he was smirking. That smirk left him with so many questions.
“I’m going to pick you up now,” said Steve.
"How?"
“And you’ve been doing what exactly?” he said.
Steve was about to kiss the alpha, but stopped when Clint and Natasha came in.
Piper broke her pencil.
“When would be a good time to talk?” asked Banner.
“Admit it you need me. We’re connected.”
Tony flew across Brooklyn in a desperate search for Steve. It shouldn’t be this hard to find a six-foot barefoot super soldier! He’d been searching for hours.
“Too young. Tony was so intelligent, but that had its disadvantages,” she said.
“Tell me when you are ready. There’s no need to rush,” he said.
Tony watched as those blue eyes closed. Yinsen didn’t want him to waste his life. In three years he'd done a lot of good. A family wasn't something he thought of. Most alphas were married with children by his age. Was he not living it as fully as he could?
Steve was working on his nest when someone entered his den. He grabbed his shield. Carefully, he entered the living room. He relaxed when he saw Edith.
“The base is about thirteen thousand feet up,” said Clint. He hated mountain climbing, especially in the winter. Clint hated the thin air, cold, and wind. The strong winds made it all the more difficult to fire off a clear shot. The heavy clothing impeded his range of motion.
The protective aura coming off the alpha was soothing.
He took the empty seat beside her. She poured each of them a shot. The sharp liquid was needed to soothe the anxiety she felt coming here. It was hard, watching them get their hopes up when the new information meant so little. She sighed. These feelings were the negatives of having a family. Maybe it was a mercy that she was unable to create one of her own. Yet somehow she succeeded in building one connection, not of blood, something she never intended. That was why she felt so obligated to come there tell them whenever she found something, even the tiniest thing. See them in person. She pushed the glass toward Steve.
She hadn't seen Helmut and Carl for months. Work or duty pulled them away from home. Carl deserved so much better, but this was the life they chose. While they were gone Helmut's grandparents watched Carl. Gloria and Henry were a godsend. Every day she called Carl and always made sure to be home for his birthday.
“I can’t hurt you, Piper. This glass doesn’t only protect me. And the control panel for the cell is in the room behind me.”
“More I never thought anyone would purpose. I wasn’t what most alphas and betas were looking for," he said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Aren’t you curious as to why I’m here,” said Fury.
“Should I warn him of your arrival?” asked Jarvis.
"You didn't have to. After the battle, rumors spread around S.H.I.E.L.D.," she said.
"It's not your fault."
“Jarvis, how is he?”
“Why are you here?”
“We aren’t going to be together all the time anymore. And you got a lot of other people,” said Rune, uninflected.
Both were good options. He would have Piper and Rune meet both. Knowing that if one of the children rejected the doctor, neither would trust them. Steve called both the doctors giving them censored description of the situation with Piper and Rune. They agreed to visit sometime in the current week.
Steve backed away from him. His eyes were puffy and red from crying. It was too late the damage was done. He jotted down Happy’s number on a piece of scrap paper.
"I'm not leaving; not until I feel more secure about where she is mentally."
“Okay, then you can call me, Edith."
“I understand pushing away what you believe you don’t deserve. When I’m with you I find myself questioning whether I deserve what we have when so many didn’t return. We are the same in that sense,” he said.
He settled on the couch.
“I won't deny there's something to what she said, but I don't think that's a case. Steve, he fucked you senseless for a week and he still wants more I doubt he’ll lose interest in you any time soon,” she said. Steve blushed deeply. It was a priceless expression. “I see the way he looks at you. You mean something to him."
"You won't."
Tony strode nakedly passed him with a smirk. Steve didn’t even try to stop himself from staring. He went picked up the tattered pieces of clothing and threw them in the trash. Steve looked through his dresser for something for Tony to wear. He set the clothes on the bathroom counter. Tony came out of the bathroom ten minutes later. Steve stifled a laugh. His khaki pants were several inches too long on the alpha. The white army shirt was baggy.
“No.”
Steve was sprawled out on the floor looking annoyed.
Tony played with his hands unwilling to confront the conversation being held, but he couldn’t escape.
Tony turned on the TV. His eyes went wide.
Tony nodded.
"He's dead."
She hung up. All he had to do was tell Tony. The alpha accepted the idea of him working in theory, so hopefully, he'd be just as accepting in reality. He tucked his phone into his pocket, returning to their bedroom.
“When should we expect you back?” she asked.
“It’s soothing. The first engine disassembled and resembled was when I was two. Took me a week to reassemble it properly. I know this.”
“You look like shit,” he said.
“He’ll kill you!”
“Four hours and thirty minutes." Tony got to his feet and stretched. His back cracked.
“I’m sure he’ll be here,” said Tony.
"Not yet," said Steve.
"I shouldn't have to ask. I'm there for you whether you ask me or not. I know when you need me. I thought you would at least offer me the same curtsey!"
Piper instantly became alert when she heard Steve’s voice.
“I don’t want our pup to be an experiment,” he said.
“Just resting my eyes.”
Tony was too tired to argue with him, getting into bed and instantly falling asleep. Steve closed the blinds and locked the door, before joining him. Soon enough he was asleep as well.
“It was an accident. You’ll fix the sensors, and this won’t happen again,”
The movie started. It was nearly three hours long. That was plenty of time to get close. The opening credits played. It was difficult paying attention to the film with Tony so near. Tony had to make the first move. He lacked the confidence to make, but he was sure he could follow through if given a chance. As the movie played, the space between them shrunk. His heart raced as Tony’s arm wrapped around his shoulder, allowing him to come closer. Why was his heart acting like this? The two of them did so much together, why with this getting to him?
“I’m Director Nick Fury of S.H.I.E.L.D,” he said.
“Nothing to be afraid of. She’s good,” said Piper.
"Right away. Would you want me to set one for you? You have a pension for becoming lost in your paintings," said Jarvis.
Piper fell flat on her face as an electric current suddenly coursed through her. She screamed weakly into the mattress.
“As a reminder of what caused this,” said Blackwell, placing a jar of shrapnel on the bedside table, then took his leave.
He grabbed the alpha by the arm, dragging him to the kitchen. Tony seemed more than happy being dragged around. The alpha took a seat at the kitchen island, while he searched for the fridge. Steve glared at the empty fridge. He hated having one, he enjoyed the simple comfort of having a full fridge.
"Will I ever get to see them?" she asked.
Steve sat up, stretching out. "Let him work. He'll tell us when he's ready."
“Unintentionally,” said Tony.
“Piper?” asked Steve.
“Did you consider her for your alpha?” said Tony.
“You have no idea the power you hold over me,” said Tony.
"Nope."
“I got you first. Like I said, we can’t stay here,” said Tony.
“Don’t screw this up,” warned Rhodes.
He shouldn't, but he needed to know. Waiting for Tony to tell him could make things worse.
“Tony, we need a plan of attack,”
“Smells good. Anything I can do to help?” asked Steve.
Winter took off his shirt. He sat in front of her on the floor. Cuts of different lengths and depths spotted him. Piper didn’t remember any of the alphas using knives.
Piper yawned. Her eyes grew heavy. She went to the mattress, making a small nest out of the scratchy blankets there.
“Not now, punk.” He ruffled her hair.
Rhodes sighed. He didn't want to drag Tony into this. But they could use his help. As long as Steve didn't find it would be fine. And that was big if. Rhodes saw what Steve could do when he was angry. He didn't want to be a target of that hormonal rage.
“The only word I care about,” said Steve.
"The pilots?"
Piper shook her head refusing to look at her. Instead, she chose to focus on Winter's metal fingers.
Steve heard a familiar set of heavy footsteps.
“Got a headache.”
“Yes, sir,” said Jarvis.
"I wish I could!"
That he was willing to endure it was enough to gain the trust of the parents.
"Thank god," said Steve.
“And old blind man taught me.”
“You better not even be on the same floor as her!” warned Steve.
“Yes, and I’ll be your physical care doctor for as long as you wish. The mind isn’t my field of study. I can recommend a list of S.H.I.E.L.D psychiatrists to the director. On the topic of the director, he wishes to speak with you. I can stall him if you want,” said Edith.
"Of course it is. I'll hold you personally responsible if breaks," said Barny.
"It is," said Steve.
“I do.”
Lena prepared her went to the observation room that looked into Winter and Piper’s cell. She started sweeping up the glass. There was a knock on the door.
“I don’t see why not.”
Steve felt as if he should. Blush burned at his cheeks.
"I get it."
“I have an army,” he said.
“Want me to read you something?"
Natasha was stunned to see Steve at S.H.I.E.L.D so soon after his heat. He walked past her without saying ‘hello’. Something was wrong. Forcing her presence wasn’t the answer. He needed time. An hour ticked by. She went to his apartment and gently knocked on the door.
“You’re not just the end result of Project Rebirth, but you are it,” said Bruce.
It was already two hours since Papa left. So much for not taking long. Piper yawned settling deeper into the beanbag chair. The biology text Uncle Bruce gave was interesting but it was tiring reading. Her eyes grew heavy. Before she could nap, Piper felt a sudden change in the air.
“Sir, the suit is not combat-ready.”
Steve headed for the showers.
“Excuse me,” said Steve, exiting the living room, taking shelter in his studio.
She took Steve’s vitals. Tony watched her like a hawk.
“Keeps shrapnel in my heart from shredding it,” said Tony.
"What are you doing there? Get into bed."
“A profound state of unease or dissatisfaction. It sometimes accompanies depression, anxiety, or agitation. Common reactions include emotional distress; in some cases, even physical distress can occur,” said Jarvis.
"Why not? You said I could choose the subject."
"I wish we had something like that in my time," said Steve.
Steve relaxed.
“Why take the chance?” asked Tony.
“Jarvis, bring it up.”
"So, I'm worried over nothing."
“A futurist,” said Steve.
Winter nodded.
“Nothing?” repeated Steve.
“I held you?"
“I don’t think it human life we have to worry about,” said Clint, notching an arrow.
“Don’t look at me like that. I was speaking of your AI unit,” she said.
“If we find anything at the crime scene, you’ll be the first to know. Our people are processing it now,” said Hill.
“Loki’s issues were caused by more than only feeling inferior because of his second gender status. What happened to him?” asked Steve.
“I handle it myself. Put my sheets in the laundry room and showered. There was no point in waking you and daddy up.”
Steve glared.
Dum-E came up from the elevator. In his claw was a new high tech bow and fully equipped quiver, with newly developed arrows. Clint took the bow and pulled back the string. It was perfectly balanced. Never had he held a bow so light. He couldn't wait to get to know it better. Its structure was airstream.
“Is that all you wanted to talk about?” asked Barny.
“A penguin in a tutu,” said Steve.
. The girl had made a challenging opponent the few times they'd played previously. She'd rather be working on the pup's programming, but Rune's actions had made Piper aware something was amiss. Lena knew that the battle between Rune and Piper may have this risk. But it could be corrected easily enough over time.
When he regained consciousness he was standing. His arms and legs were zip-tied to a metal bed frame. In front of him was Maya typing away at her computer. They were some kind of dank cinder block lab.
Steve puttered about the kitchen, not quite knowing what to do now. He busied himself with starting a stew, the large pot simmering on the stovetop. It was a meal reserved for special occasions. There was no point in starting anything else until it was done. He sat in the massive kitchen. Some of the appliances were updated, but Jarvis had changed little else.
“An arc reactor.”
“Steve?”
Piper bit her lip. Interesting wasn’t good for Winter. Being interesting was what got them here in the first place.
One of them slowly raised his hand.
"No, but he's probably survived a lot worse beatings than that.”
“Amazing. What is that blue shock wave?”
“My heat comes every three months,” said Steve.
He went to the nursery. The room had hardly been used. It custom for a pup to sleep with its parents until it was at least twelve months old. He looked at the crib he couldn't imagine sleeping without Piper. Waking up to her resting perfectly in his arms made his heart melt every time. She was so happy to see him every day. She had no idea what it meant to him.
“I’m sure you’ll enjoy it,” laughed Edith.
“I have these trading cards. I was wondering if you could sign them if you had the chance. If it isn’t too much trouble,” said Phil.
He hadn't thought Tony would offer to help. "Peel the potatoes."
“What if I don’t?”
The next day Edith arrived at Stark Tower. Happy was waiting for her in the lobby. He offered her a cup of coffee.
It was only two simple whispered words but urged him into a protective mode. He tightened his hold on Steve. Tony purred, hoping it would relax the omega’s current stressed state.
Did Lena really think she could be so easily convinced? She’d planned on ignoring the toy until she caught its scent. Honey and vanilla, that sweet smell emanated from the stuffed animal's fluffy fabric. She had to have it! Piper yanked her hand from Theodore's. Then she swiftly retreated to the shelter he provided once she’d grabbed the bunny. She pressed her nose into the fabric. It lacked whatever made Papa's scent Papa's. But it was all she had.
“Sometimes there isn’t a way out, Tony,” said Steve.
“That’s Sir. What are you doing with him?”
“Sounds like a marvelous idea,” said Thor.
"He's stable for now," said Fury.
“Good. Did you find her?”
"You care about me?" It didn't make sense to him. The reason she cared was that he could offer her something no else could, even though it wasn't much. It was a relationship he'd become used to. And he hadn't at all minded having that with the pup. She was someone truly in need of it.
*****
“You lied,” she said.
“You’re not bragging about your sex life. That’s a first,” said Rhodes. Tony had always gone into excoriating detail about his sex life.
"I know but I don't like it," he said.
“Happy is family.” Steve growled but seemed to be backing down. "What would you do? What if it were your friend in a hospital bed? I know you, Steve. You'd put everything on the line for a friend. How can you expect me to do nothing?"
“I still feel like we owe you an apology.”
“What will you name this one?” asked Phil.
Steve smiled. They would be leaving later today. He couldn't wait to see his family. He groaned, his chest growing damp. The stains were too prominent to hide, luckily most of the camp was asleep. He heard laughter.
"How did you come to that conclusion?" asked Tony. His finger clutched angrily at his seat, knowing he may not like the answer.
She smiled. Their relationship had grown into a friendship over the month. Now Steve’s wore Tony’s claim, the tension between them faded.
“We have the day want to do something?” asked Tony.
Tony’s mood sunk at even the mention of Pepper.
Steve bit his lip. Could his relationship with Tony be completely influenced by the pheromones he was releasing?
He shoved the alpha away. Tears welled in his eyes, blurring his vision. He would not give the alpha satisfaction of seeing him cry.
“A miscalculation.”
"He won fifty-one fights," said Tony.
“What are you thinking sweetheart?”
“No, news on Happy yet," said Steve.
“Asleep.”
“That doesn’t make it any better!”
Once in the gym, Piper stepped onto the sparring mat. She sat crisscross at the center of the mat, waiting for instruction.
It didn’t take for him to get the basic idea. Explaining the tiebreaker proved to a little more difficult. After hours playing the simple game, Piper grew bored and started building a tower of cards. Theodore was fine with the change.
“You! Don’t you remember.”
“I have to go back in six weeks to see if I need surgery.”
"We'll be checked by the science team," said Clint.
“No, no, please don’t cry," begged Pepper. She bounced Piper gently on her hip. Instead of crying, Piper spat up all over her shirt. Tony was smirking, having just entered the kitchen. “Don’t say anything."
The weight dropped with a heavy thud. Piper was crying. Steve's shirt grew wet in response. She squirmed in Tony's hold. She'd caught the scent of milk.
She wouldn’t be asking if she didn’t truly need him.
Piper whined when she saw Papa. He'd never seen her like that. It was the last thing she wanted. She curled up in a ball, facing away from him.
“Approach.”
“I told you five minutes.”
“What do they need to talk about in private?” asked Rune.
“Love you too.”
He offered his hand to Steve. The omega held it tightly as he led them through the bloody mess. They went to the elevator shaft. Tony wrapped Steve’s arms around his neck.
He didn’t look back. His emotional defenses were up. Tony closed off the soft vulnerable side of himself, and it was his fault.
“STOP!!” screamed Piper.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you." His voice a whimper.
July 20, 2013
“There’s a chance he won’t even go into heat-
“Doesn’t matter, I still want to see,” said Steve.
Tony was left in the living room with Edith. The two of them had formed a mutual understanding. They still didn't particularly like each other but were able to keep a professional relationship.
He reached out and took Tony’s hand. Steve pressed it against his cheek. The ache his heart dulled at the contact. He had no idea what urged the motion, but the warmth of his hand was so right.
Steve stepped out of his studio, where he’d gone to escape the uselessness he felt in the lab. There he felt like a burden. But now, it was three in the morning, and he'd stared at a blank canvas for hours. Time for a change of scenery. Steve wasn't surprised when he saw Nat sitting in his kitchen. She preferred to appear at odd hours.
“You want me to wait up?” asked Natasha.
They moved a stealthy as possible toward him.
She left. Neither chased her, though still seething in silent anger. Tony punched the wall.
"People might be looking for me.” Piper spoke softly, almost shyly. She didn’t want anyone watching them to hear, and also, she wasn’t sure she should say anything at all. She wasn’t sure if she could trust the paper. What if it was just an elaborate scheme to get her hopes up only for them to be squashed again? “If by some slim chance they find me, you’ll get out of here too.”
“Are sure, Cap?”
“What could they have possibly given him to make it worth it?”
Steve turned red.
They went their separate ways when they reached the training facility. Steve went to his apartment. Three large cardboard boxes sat in front of his door. He cringed when his neighbor’s door opened. Steve turned around, forcing a smile in place.
"Maybe I do," Steve teased.
“Steve, can I see you?” asked Matt.
Tony lead Steve to the coffee table, where an iced bottle of unopened champagne was waiting. Steve bit his lip.
Tony turned Steve in his seat. The omega rested his head against his chest. He carded his fingers through Steve's hair.
“She always loves a visit from her, Aunt Nat.”
His breaths came in short puffs. “Remember when I said to stop doing that? I swear you’re going to freak me out.”
"Than what's the hesitation?"
“Please call me, Steve."
Lena assessed, and realized she hadn't broken the girl completely, but she'd cracked her foundation. All she had to do was wait for the perfect moment to strike. Pushing too hard now may have the opposite reaction than she was aiming for. She pulled a drawer, taking out fresh clothes for the girl.
"Growing up won't change that."
Steve took out the leftover pizza from last night. He ate it cold.
Hydra was responsible for his pregnancy. Distress leaked off his skin. Natasha left them. Steve couldn't breathe. His heartbeat drummed in his ears. The monitors alerted. A troop of nurses stormed into the room.
“That’s enough,”
Tony took the chance to push his tongue into omega’s sweet wet mouth. Their tongues entwined together. Tony was lost in the wonderful mixture of their scent. He wanted the omega covered in his scent so no one would question who the beauty belonged. Steve’s scent was intoxicating. His hands traveled the muscular planes of Steve’s body.
There was a small tremor to his hand. Steve took his hand. The alpha relaxed. A student came rushing out of the room, carrying a large stack of folders.
Tony huffed and put the shorts on. Steve smiled it was amazing how well that worked. He yawned. Tony nudged him toward the bedroom. Steve fell back into the bed. Sleep came quickly. Steve whined when he was woken up. He glared at the alpha.
“Only being thorough,” said Matt. He could probably get more from the billionaire, but then he thought of Steve. Matt took his signature stamp from his suitcase and pressed it on the document.
“I didn’t ask he just gave me them. It was convenient with the amount of time I spend here. I didn’t think anything of it,” said Steve. He bit his lip he wanted to know how long it took Pepper to get a drawer. It was petty and unlike him but he wanted to know. His inner omega happily preened at the idea.
“I don’t know."
Pepper set two giant stacks of paper in front of him. He signed without hesitation.
*****
“Don’t be that way. The sooner you talk with me, the sooner I leave.”
"I'm going to shower," he said. He waited for the alpha to ask to join him, but he went into the kitchen. Steve showered.
“Hold on,”
He forced through the emotional weight.
“You’re aware of the incident.” Lena was surprised
"So did we. Dr. Banner's theory was correct. Hydra somehow knew that detail of your pregnancy," said Edith.
Her eyes opened. She was pressed against Theodore’s chest. He was staring blankly at the wall. How long had he been up? Their breakfast tray was untouched. He hadn’t removed her, even once he’d woken up.
"That's different."
*****
“He’s running himself into the ground.”
"I want to keep her to ourselves for a while at least for the first week. We can tell our friends. I know you want to brag to Rhodes." And part of him wanted to show off his newborn pup.
He pressed their lips together in a brash kiss, pushing his tongue into the alpha's mouth. They fell back onto the table. Tony firmly grasped his ass, pressing their hips together, causing them to moan. Steve’s hand traveled to the alpha’s hair, tilting his head further back, deepening their kiss. He broke the kiss only long enough to throw off his shirt. Steve purred as their skin pressed together.
“Piper.”
Edith moved between the omega's legs. Steve bared his teeth a snarled, snapping his jaws. He kicked away from the woman. She was quick enough to avoid the attack. A deep rumbling growl from low in his throat echoed through the room. Everyone stepped back.
“What is it?!”
“The bitch blames us,” said Kevin.
As Tony woke he was hit by the smell of Steve's slick. He pressed his nose against Steve’s neck. It was clear his heat was coming soon. He pulled Steve close. The omega sought his comfort pushing his nose into Tony's neck, seeking comfort.
"The that would normally go his healing abilities is being diverted to the pup's development. Even so, he'll heal rather quickly," said Dr. Star.
"You still haven't given me any reason to trust you," she said, moving in front of Rune.
"Tony-
Lena frowned.
"Don't apologize," said Tony. Steve rested his head against his chest. Tony ran his fingers through the omega’s hair. Steve apologized far too much. He thought he’d be the one constantly apologizing. "Was it as bad as the last one?"
“Embarrassed, but otherwise fine,” said Steve. More annoyed than anything. He'd been so close to getting what he wanted.
Steve finished off the rest of the pie. He yawned.
“Do we have to go to Chicago, or is she coming to us?” asked Tony.
Tony nodded. He kissed his mate’s forehead. “I love you.”
“I know. You’ll find a way to make it up to me,” he said, but that didn’t make it any less disappointing.
“He made back. Thanks for checking in."
"If you're ever in that situation don't hesitate to attack. Do what you have to protect yourself." Whatever injury she inflicted would be nothing compared to the remorse he'd feel for harming her.
“It’s dangerous being here.”
Loki cackled.
“You aren’t,” said Barny with a smirk.
*****
“You’ve got like five of them.”
She bit her lip so hard that it bled.
Steve didn't like texting.
A beta in his late forties or early fifties stood at the table. His brown hair was neatly combed. His gray-blue eyes were friendly. The man was dressed in a black suit. He wasn’t one of the trainees. Steve nodded.
“What is it?” asked George.
“Probably.”
Steve flipped them on. The windows of the apartment looked directly out on billboard. The room smelled strongly of alpha. His inner omega screamed against him being here. This wasn't their den or their alpha. Steve took a breath calming that side of himself. The last thing he wanted was anything romantic from Matt. He nearly jumped when Matt draped a blanket over his shoulders. He barely managed not to throw the man to the floor.
