“Bad dream,” Sam says thickly, hand still curled into a fist around Dean’s t-shirt sleeve. “...Sorry.”
Dean manoeuvers the Impala into an empty space and cuts the engine, scanning the crowd of kids and parents swarming around the kindergarten car park for any sign of Emmy, maybe waiting for him with another carefully geometric fingerpainting clutched in her hand. Other families stream past the windshield, cheerful little kids’ voices chattering about their day, and he frowns over at the building’s doors, now closed, feeling the first paranoid stirrings of worry.
then crowley turns up with a wounded angel, who they tie to a chair in a circle of holy fire and interrogate. turns out heaven is in complete turmoil - it was bad enough that was cas was claiming to be god, but now he's trying to replace them, and with a blasphemous halfbreed no less, the shit has really hit the fan. a bunch of angels distracted cas while a couple more snuck into the weapons cache cas and balthazar fought so hard to win back from raphael; they now have things that can do some damage. she insults cas a lot - apparently they used to be in the same garrison and she always knew cas would come to a bad end, associating with humans - but she also keeps interrupting herself to snarl about the "abomination" and needing to destroy it, and once they've got everything they think they need dean steps calmly through the fire and stabs her through the throat. "don't talk about my daughter like that, you self-righteous fuck."
“Bardiel was waiting in the basement, and Hantiel and Lamach brought Cas in. Venibbeth was the one sent outside to wait for you.”
-and a second later Dean’s mouth is on his, sharp and furious but clearly a kiss, and Cas’s eyes flutter shut.
...This is ridiculous id fic brought about entirely by my own nasty cramps and no Winchesters to massage them away. In fact, now that I think about it, my
“Like you’ve got over it, you mean,” Tsalia says on a hiss, uncurling and dropping down onto the ground with a soft, heavy crunch of gravel. She’s on him before Dean can do more than brace for it, reared up on her hind legs so she can get right into his face, paw on his shoulder and claws pricking unerringly through the layers to hit the still-sensitive skin of the handprint Cas burned into his shoulder what almost feels like a lifetime ago. Dean shoves her off and, point made, she drops back down, glaring up at him.
"Uh, yeah," and he manages a short little laugh at Charlie's incredulity. "Cas" (and he almost fills in the rest of the angel's name before he remembers it may well summon the guy and they still don't know what's up with him right now) "he's, uh, he's the 1% who isn't a douche."
“I uh, I guess I’ll go get some stuff and you can stay with him,” Sam adds, and Dean turns to look at him with raised eyebrows. “Well I mean,
Dean usually loves it when Imp goes all out, but this time she's terrified and all he can do is hang on as she goes barreling down the road and soars over the ridge and onto sand, fighting to get her feet under her again but hampered by the softness. She flounders desperately another dragonlength or so before Dean can get through to her, by which time Sam, Kaz and the wagon have also come crashing and jolting down to the beach.
Dean drew his hand back. Cas spat potion onto the floor and blinked at him. His pupils were huge and dark in his dripping face, and he was staring at Dean’s mouth like he was hypnotized.
were from your pal Crowley. If we're that...important to you, why're you still working with him if he pulls shit like that?"
"Okay, names!" he declares, after a moment of just basking in the firelight and the smell of cooking and Cas sat across from him, everything just as it should be. "There any other Enochian you like?"
The man sags further, half-slumping over the dragon’s neck. “Bandages, thank you. And some water to clean the wounds.”
Sam's elbow is sharp and pointy in Dean's ribs, and Dean only restrains himself from stepping on his huge gigantor foot in retaliation because he's too busy staring. Holy
Sam’s little time limit seems to have done the trick though, and Cas starts fucking him earnest, the arm around Dean’s waist pulling him back into every thrust. Dean pushes back into it too, frees one hand to jack himself off cause they’re on the clock here, and fuck but it feels good, the hot throb of his cock and the deeper, electric flares of sensation every time Cas rolls his hips forward that send pleasure spiking up his spine, a little higher each time. He leans back into Cas, lets him take most of his weight and sucks at his fingers, curling his tongue around and between them and closing his eyes, so close now, orgasm coiling in his stomach and drawing tighter, tighter as he spreads his legs further apart, lets Cas really go for it-
“It is possible those tales were somewhat exaggerated,” Cas adds, “or he may just grow at a faster rate.” He glances at Sam with a small smile. “In any case, given his genetics, I very much doubt that he will be short.”
“So, how do you come to be here by yourself?” St Claire asks, as Dean sets the bowl of steaming water down on the table. “If I may be so bold as to ask.”
[I think I've mentioned on other fics that I wanted to write a fic exploring the ways Cas and Dean's sex life could incorporate angel powers (this, enochian magic for binding cas and keeping him from touching dean/speaking, invisible!cas amusing himself tormenting dean, etc) but this was the only part that got written]
They swung open almost before he’d finished, but in the face of all this epicness the sight of the wizard in front of them almost made Dean snicker. He was tiny, almost as small to Dean as Dean was to Hagrid, and both his hair and beard were white and fluffy, like they were made of cotton wool and he was a half-scale Father Christmas impersonator. What stopped Dean from laughing was that he knew this was Professor Flitwick, the Charms master, another veteran of the Battle of Hogwarts and a very powerful wizard.
Cas’s feet are almost silent on the floor, but even so exhausted it feels like his bones have calcified Dean can hear him, sense him like static electricity is arcing between them, and mumbles Cas’s name, though he can hear it come out as just an incoherent jumble of syllables. Cas doesn’t answer, just puts a hand on his back, between his shoulder blades, then slides it up to span the back of his neck.
Dean follows her mindlessly for he doesn't know how long, his whole world narrowed to her lithe dark shape walking patiently a few steps ahead of him, still carrying whatever the fuck that is in her mouth. Eventually they find a stream with a bush growing on the shore, and Dean crawls under it and passes out while Tsalia lies down outside, the stream at his back and his daemon guarding his front.
"You can shove her off, it's fine," Dean tells her, but she shakes her head, enjoying the little warm weight against her hip, and he shrugs, eyes crinkling. "Your funeral. She’s not a great sleeper, so when you get sick of her just tell her 'Off' and she'll go."
Dee looks torn, head swiveling to watch the ripples. But neither of them is in a fit state to help anyone right now, especially not a thrashing angel experiencing drowning for the first time, and as horrible as it feels...
"It wasn’t intentional," he says, stirring the milk and cream together slow and steady in a looping figure of eight. "Dean and I share the house with his brother Sam and his wife, Amelia, and they already had Riot," and he nods at the newcomer, a grizzled collie whose head is on Adelaide's thigh, "then we acquired Fergal because no one else wanted him," the spaniel-mix leaning against her knee, tail thumping against the leg of the stool next to her and an empty food bowl in his mouth, "then Pixie, for Beth, my niece," the adorable chihuahua/puffball mix up on her hind legs licking at Adelaide's extended fingers, "and finally Mariah," and he dips his head towards the black one, who lifts her head at her name. Her eyes are a blank milky white.
alastair spends dean’s fourth year subtley stalking him around school. gabe tells dean he should try out for the quidditch team after seeing him and cas go flying for fun one saturday afternoon. dean says he will next year, cause tryouts are already been and gone for this year (and also because fuck fuck fuck flying competitively in front of other people ahhh), and he makes cas practise with him, despite cas’ dislike of regulated flying. also, he’s sort of bluffing - he’s still not hugely confident on a broom unless he’s with cas. michael and luifer, the gryffindor and slytherin quidditch captains, spend the year having spats in the halls and turning their houses against each other.
“If I hadn’t, Raphael would have obliterated me and then reopened the Cage,” Cas says quietly, and lets him go.
St Claire spreads his hands. “Because my father requested it. As a third son I’m not in line to inherit much and the Church holds no appeal for me.”
Swimming is something Sam and Dean learned as children in hot summers like this one, John beside them challenging them to catch him as he ducked underwater and darted away; by unspoken agreement they swim out to Novath, who eels his way to meet them, gliding underwater with his eyes shining just under the surface and tail churning up a frothy wake. He comes up under Cas and Cas laughs and lets him, clinging to his wet hide with all four limbs. There are, Dean notices while trying not to, yellowing bruise marks on his hips, pink scratches down his back, and a scatter of pale red bites at the junction of shoulder and neck. He looks away.
"Stay awake a little longer, dearest, and we'll make a bed for you," Castiel tells her, and she makes an agreeable sort of noise and resettles herself where she's sort of slumped on the ground. Dean winces at the sight of the bandages he can see left behind her like a trail of breadcrumbs, muddied and useless and meaning she's pressing her only newly-closed wounds into the ground with every movement.
“Dean.” The tears are spilling over now, but Cas is smiling, warm and soft. “We’re running out of time. Don’t let me go with this left unsaid. You have-” his voice catches and Dean steps forward, reaching out, automatically offering comfort. “You have made me so happy. And I-” A deep inhale, and the smile widens even as it wobbles. “I love you.”
The chickens don’t look very scary either, but  the fact is there are now six birds hanging out in Bobby’s yard where three days ago there were none. Bobby seems to be ignoring them in the hope they’ll go away, but they seem pretty comfortable despite no one bothering to feed them or anything.
“Dean,” Sam says softly, crouching down beside them and Tsalia stirs, slithers off to one side where Iope immediately wraps all four legs and her tail around her, murmuring too low to hear. Dean lifts his head. His eyes are red, and Sam knows that flatness to his gaze. He won’t make Dean say it. “Hey,” he says instead, kneeling down properly, and Dean’s head falls against his chest like it’s too heavy to hold up, arms coming slowly up around Sam’s back and then just getting tighter until he’s clinging, face buried in Sam’s shirt.
“How come you didn’t get one of the big ones?” Dean asks, watching him drop the cloth back into the water and offering him the towel he’d liberated from the linen cupboard. His mother can hardly fault him for it; it’s one of the old ones, worn thin from use, and bloodstains will hardly detract from its appearance. “I mean, being a gentleman’s son and all.”
Dean watches him, arms folded and feet apart, and Cas slits his eyes open and says something that ends on a gasp; Dean’s next words are staccato and sharp, and Cas smacks both hands to his thighs and slumps into the wall, body drawn taut, dick still sticking up against his stomach, flushed and wet at the tip.
“You’re not powerful enough to get to the bottom of the Atlantic any more, so no.” Cas frowns, and after a second she supplies: “Jimmy’s wedding ring. You haven’t even noticed. I saw as soon as we were rescued, but the fishermen couldn’t do much about it either, so I didn’t mention it.”
“Oh, stop being such an arse,” Balthazar says, rolling his eyes. “Cas, it’s fine. Really. Just ignore him.”
“So am I,” Ashkel says, so soft Dean only hears it through Tsalia, and there’s really nothing to say to that.
Dean snorts but drops it. Sometimes that distinction is a little hard to remember, when his memory has Sam and his giant shoulders and his dumb girl-hair right there with him, even if he did hold himself all wrong.
"Seven," Cas says grimly. "Most of them you were never even aware of, but Raphael knows that if he gets to you he can use you against me."
But there’s no rustle of wings, even under the rasp of Sam’s breathing and the rushing in his ears. And then, over and behind Dee’s head, there’s a spark against the night sky, a comet or something burning up in the atmosphere, with another one off to the right and higher up. Sam blinks, slow, brain fuzzy, because it seems like maybe that’s important, a sign like in medieval times, Dee praying and getting shooting stars in answer, more and more of them blossoming into life, bigger than usual and
He lifts a hand to scratch it, and little bits of coloured paper flake off, landing on his chest. His bare chest.
Dean, Cas and Tsalia all look down at Cas’s left hand, which is indeed bare. Dean’s first instinct is to tell her they’ll be able to get another one, or give them the money, but he knows that’s not the point - it’s a symbol of Jimmy and his wife’s commitment to each other, a seal on the promise they made before God to love each other for the rest of their lives, and replacing it just won’t cut it.
"Dean," Cas says drunkenly, head rolled back, and Dean swallows hard and watches Sam fail to hide his smirk as he rolls his thumbs in the dip of her lower back, his hands bracketing her waist. "Is this what you refer to as  magic fingers? Because I can certainly see why you are so enamoured of them."
“He doesn’t...he said he doesn’t remember any of that! He said all the heavy lifting was done while he was out cold down in the panic room! He said he’s coping with it fine!”
Castiel nods, and Crowley sets both hands flat against the stone, then braces his shoulders and heaves. The rockface splits open and white light pours forth, the sheer contained
"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean asks, finally getting over his shock that this overgrown hobo makes Cas mumble like a schoolkid.
They’re outside now, the spring air cool on his face, his overheated skin, and the shining black bulk of the car is looming out of the confusion. That’s home, that’s safe, and when they get close enough he lets himself stop, slump down against the metal and lean on it, close his eyes. He knows Dee’s kneeling in front of him, hands on his face, saying his name sharp and worried because he can hear the wheeze of his own breathing in his ears, feel the tightness in his chest that shouldn’t be there, the inexorable weight of something constricting his lungs, making him gasp in air he can’t seem to get enough of, and-
Crowley withdraws his arm, holding it up in surrender, and Sam staggers and sucks in a huge breath, eyes black as oil.
His fingers close into a loose half-circle and Dean turns blindly towards him, seeking his steadiness and the familiar scent of their sheets on warm skin. Cas’s hand slips down again so his arm can wrap obligingly around Dean’s waist, and when he guides Dean forward Dean lets himself be led, the last forty hours suddenly crashing over him like a wave and eyelids too heavy to open. Dimly he thinks he should be better than this, that he’s gettin’ old and soft and time was he’d have just grabbed some food, drunk a gallon of coffee and gone back for another shift, but then Cas unloops his hold and gives him a good shove and Dean falls back into softness like tiny baby angel clouds and his brain shuts down.
Iope whimpers. She strokes Dean’s face, and it probably feels as staticy and horrible to Dean as it does to Sam but Dean doesn’t tell her to stop, just closes his eyes. His tears feel scalding when they hit Iope’s hands.
“Sure, whatever,” Dean agreed, and then he was allowed to slip past the curtain and see Cas, whose bed had been transfigured into a bath with chunks of ice floating in it. He was in his school shirt and boxers, cheeks still flushed pink but nowhere near the hectic red they’d been when he came in, and his eyes showed a little more blue around their still unusually-large pupils.
There are three figures squashed together on the hood, leaning back against the windshield and talking quietly, gesturing with bottles and laughing at old jokes. Behind them on the roof their daemons are tangled together, a cougar curled around a golden monkey with a white hawk nestled between her paws.
Cas’s next breath stutters and stops, his whole body winding tight under her hold, and then he makes a low noise that could have been her name or Enochian swearing or anything at all and-
straight, those are human labels. But there is that bond there with Dean, yes, which means that they would’ve ended up together even if Dean been a starfish or something. What? Bestiality not allowed? Oh, so you’ll write all these debauched orgys of Cas sucking cock and fucking pie or whatever, but no starfishfuking? Oh, okay then. Well, you know what? Cas tops. Dean’s
Like the common room it was circular, but the only furniture was the three four-poster beds spaced evenly around the walls, each with a trunk at the end and the little chest of drawers to one side like a bedside table. Copper lamps like the room warm and cozy, complimented by the cheerful patchwork bedspreads, and opposite them was another door, which Dean could only assume led to a bathroom. His trunk was at the end of the bed closest to the bathroom and he headed over to it, flipping the lid up so he could get to his stuff. He chucked his pajamas at the bed, and his wash things after them, then scooped out the photo of Dad and Sammy to put up on top of the bedside table; Dad standing against the door of the Impala, smiling a little, with his hands on Sam’s shoulders and Sam waving and grinning like an idiot, squinting against the sunlight in his eyes. Dean had taken it a couple of weeks ago with the camera Uncle Bobby had sent him for Christmas, in preparation for going off to school.
Cas shrugs, something he still hasn’t quite mastered, shoulders moving slightly independently of each other. “I've had what I believe you would term a ‘bad day’.”
dean quickly gathers a little gang - jo (gryffindor), ash, charlie, anna in the year above (also gryffindor). some slytherin clown called balthazar makes him laugh a lot, as well as an older gryffindor called gabriel, but they’re both also kind of douches, so. azazel was a six/seventh year prefect in dean’s first two years, and spent them quietly terrifying him by lurking (he’s slytherin and has yellow eyes, the result of generations of pureblood inbreeding. someone in his family killed mary). the sytherin pureblood castiel is mostly a loner in their peripheral, but ash (who's also pureblood) says he's good people, and so's his dad (his mum's dead too)
you helped us since you saw fit to come on down off your cloud anyway, huh? All you’ve done is kidnap and molest kids, hook up with some old buddy of yours, pronounce Sam soulless after some more molesting, and only even bother to show up if it sounds like it could be useful to your heavenly buddies. Yeah, you’ve been a
The first cautious press of his tongue makes Cas tremble, almost subliminal but definitely there under his hands. The second has him breathing out slow and amazed, wings twitching so the lower feathers brush against Dean’s shoulders and the back of his head. Dean grows bolder, uncurling his tongue enough to lick over the hot skin in a slow, deliberate slide, and Cas moves then, pushing up into it with a gasp.
WELL. Who'd have thought I'd be back here in the year of our lord 2020, six whole entire years after the last chapter. Honestly, I wrote this mostly because I really felt like they should have kissed at the end there, and because I wanted to give Dean some goddamn comfort after that final scene. The dialogue is based on what was said in the episode, but I also wrote it my own way because, after all, this is an alternate universe (and because who wants to just read the episode again when it's all over every gifset on tumblr, amiright?).
Billie’s fist slams against the door. Emmanuel inches closer to Tsalia, a weird, stilted series of hops and flutters. Tsalia lowers her head, then drops down onto her stomach, tail twitching.
, and if Cas would just fucking do that once more with a little more pressure he won't be thinking about anything at all.
Dean fully expected the aeroplane to return with Cas’s elegant, rounded handwriting informing him that a non-Prefect going into the Prefect’s bathroom was illegal and the date was off, but no such letter arrived and he ended up having to sweettalk Gabe into giving him the password, gleaned from Anna. In the end, because Gabe liked him, it only cost him the rest of his last Honeydukes haul, which Dean though was actually a pretty good deal.
He just stares at her though, eyes wide and dark and thumbs helplessly feathering over the curve of her hipbones, and she has to mentally readjust. All the guys she picks up on the road are in it for fun, just like her, and she hasn’t been with a virgin since...since she deflowered Tom Berringer when she was seventeen. And Cas...it’s already pretty obvious that he thinks she’s the best thing that ever happened to him, and it’s kind of her fault for not thinking that taking an angel’s virginity would be like, a cosmically huge deal, especially when it’s
Gabriel snaps his fingers and a sprig of the stuff appears above their heads, revolving gently. “This is our cue to go inside,” he stage-whispers at Sam, and Sam rolls his eyes and holds the door open for him.
"One second," Dean says, holding up a finger, and goes over to the door, opening it just enough to slip the tie over the handle on the outside. He's pretty sure Sam won't be back for a while, but just in case he somehow screwed it up with the Starbucks chick, he needs to know the room isn't available for moping and he'll have to take his sorry ass elsewhere.
“You know this doesn’t change anything, right? I mean, the Apocalypse is still happening, Lucifer’s still destroying stuff for shits and giggles and we’re gearing up for the big showdown; we’re not gonna go get married and ride off into the sunset together or anything.”
“Dean Winchester,” buzzed a voice in his ear, and Dean fought down the urge to nod or answer out loud. “Hmm, yes, I see...not a bad brain, no exceptional ambitions but a
“Yeah Cas, ‘m here, I got you,” she murmurs back, tightening her arms around him and arching up to wrap her legs higher up on his hips. “I got you baby, c’mon.” Something about the shift of her hips has suddenly got her twisting up into it, instinctive and mindless as Cas hits some sweet spot that gets her shaking with it,
“Please...” Dean mumbles against his lips,  pressing his hand against the swell of Cas’s cock through his trousers, “Cas-”
[Jen and Misha, in costume, are mucking around on set while the crew fiddle with the equipment, standing close and shoving at each other, laughing, each trying to overbalance the other. Misha goes windmilling backwards and Jen raises victory arms.]
after some debate, they call her mary ellen winchester, "emmy" for short. sam claims "jo(anna)" for his future hypothetical kids. (also on the list: "anna", “karen”, "deanna" (though dean claims it's creepy and sam was mostly joking. maybe as a middle name though), "madison", "jessica", "pamela", “lisa”)
“We’ll, uh, we’ll be out of your hair tomorrow,” he’d told Jody the day before as he helped her prepare supper, and she’d stopped chopping to turn and look at him, long and careful, and then nodded.
“Welcome to Hogwarts! The Sorting ceremony will begin shortly, after which I assure you you will be allowed to eat-” a spatter of nervous laughter “-but first you need to know which table you will be eating at! The Sorting is very important, because the house you are put into will become your family within Hogwarts and everything you will do while you are here will be with the rest of your house - you sleep in the house dormitory, relax in the house common room and take lessons with the rest of your house year group. The houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin, and each has it’s own merits and is no better or worse than another. House points are earned by good behaviour and taken away in the case of bad behaviour, with the overall score determining the winner of the House Cup for the year. As the Sorting will take place in front of the rest of the school, you may want to smarten up in the next few minutes; I will return shortly!”
“Make me get up out my chair, boy,” Bobby grumbles, and then his big solid arms are wrapping around Dean and he’s abruptly back to being ten years old, warm and safe and loved.
"He says the water's lovely," Cas reports, and falls into step with them as they head for the sea, which is glittering blue-green and inviting. Shyness is not a Weyrbred trait and Sam and Dean never learned Hold propriety, so their clothes are discarded in a heap and they race each other into the waves, Sam throwing himself in bodily and laughing at the splutters of the other two.
The Impala purrs back into the driveway an hour or so later when it’s closer to full dark, everything twilit and peaceful, and Dean and Cas come meandering back up to the house together, bumping shoulders every few steps. Sam’s found some chunky soup and rice in the pantry and they eat together on chipped and mismatched plates, Dean’s delight infectious.
“You need to go,” Cas breathes, tipping his head against Dean’s, and Dean shakes his head and twists forward, seeking his mouth again. “
Cas is watching him, looking surprisingly young with his collar sticking up and hair wild, but he already looks more relaxed and Dean counts it as a win. He makes short work of Cas's shirt buttons, fingers ticking down his chest and leaving a lengthening V of skin in their wake while Cas does his cuffs, and then Dean's pushing the shirt off his shoulders too and barely giving Cas time to shake it off his arms before he's shoving him, hard, and Cas goes sprawling backwards onto the bed, startled and staring as Dean drops to his knees and pulls off his shoes and socks, tongue darting out over his lips.
“I thought it best to allow you to regain your memories of last night in your own time,” Cas answers, watching him closely.
"Feels good, huh Cas?" Sam murmurs into her ear, twisting his wrists slowly, slowly so her hair winds tight around them, silky against his skin. Cas honest-to-god whimpers, tipping her head back into it, and Sam hums approvingly and frees his hands so he can weave her hair through his fingers, tugging at it a little. "You like this, huh. Dean's wanted to do this forever, you have no idea. You should ask him about it sometime, how he used to jerk off thinking about you, about this."
sometimes sam's hallucinations are lucifer or other demons, vesseled or raw, popping up tell him it's not real. sometimes it's dreams he thinks he wakes up from but doesn't, where everyone he loves dies or where everything is different and his current life is the dream, or where the apocalypse happened and he's alone on earth with no one for company, just the bodies and the decay. sometimes it's flashes of the cage or demonic things breaking though like this is all a mirage, dean with black eyes or chains clinking everytime he tries to move his legs. the creepiest though are when dean says something funny and he laughs - only to find dean's in the other room, or watching tv, or just hasn't actually said anything at all. slowly though, with the help of the internet and a therapist who doesn't ask questions (someone who was in sioux falls when the zombie thing happened and knows that there are more things in heaven and earth, etc) and dean and bobby, he works through them.
more amusing when he's deprived of his playthings." He pauses, apparently expecting Castiel to speak, then continues. "Also, I know where he is. I can take you to him."
They’ve spent so much time warning Emmy against angels and demons and reminding her to be on the lookout for them at all times that they may have neglected the more usual spiel about how some humans are also just as dangerous, and that even adults you’re meant to trust can be a threat.
," Sam recites softly, and Dean joins him on the "Amen". Keeping one hand wrapped around Cas's, Sam reaches over with the other and grips Dean's shoulder, and after a seond Dean's free hand comes up and catches at his wrist, tight enough to bruise.
"But it still follows in your wake, Lord,  because it's all that you are," Cas says, eyes and voice dropping again, and Ollie sighs.
The door’s barely shut behind Sam when Cas turns up, right in Dean’s space and glaring at him even harder than usual.
instead of us? I thought we were your friends! What, we're just little puny humans, we can't do anything? We've still got those angel swords from last year, and, oh yeah, I fucking killed Zachariah!"
. As I told you before, I am not here to perch on your shoulder; you and Sam are resourceful, I knew you would most likely resolve the situation without me.”
“Sorry, sorry, I forgot you’ve had first hand experience.” He looks over at Sam. “Feed him blood for the first few weeks, then raw meat.” Then he throws a wary glance at Cas and vanishes.
, and what if he doesn’t notice something’s wrong until it’s too late? What if there’s some complication that his grace can’t cure? The hundred problems Sam knows he shouldn’t have read about but couldn’t help it because had to
, don’t you?” she says thoughtfully, and that’s all the warning Dean gets before she’s digging the blade in and dragging it slowly and steadily diagonally down through the inked skin. He tries to keep quiet, but it burns and builds on itself, shocked nerves screaming to life in the wake of the blade. “Shh baby, don’t cy, it’ll all be over soon,” Abaddon croons, and Dean twists and bucks beneath her but she’s like stone on top of him, as immovable as an angel.
post-hogwarts, dean sends his father an owl telling him he’s staying in the uk to train as an auror, because training under harry potter can only be the best, and then he’ll come back to america to help him. cas does the same (they have a moment where dean wonders if cas is just doing this for him and should be working in a bookshop in diagon alley instead. cas sets him straight - like dean, his mother was killed by death eaters, so fuck you very much. also, does dean really not think he has have a will of his own?). gabe is working at weasley’s wizard wheezes (he got kicked out of honeydukes for eating the merchandise). sam, who's best subject was history of magic (half the school had copies of his notes), is aiming for magical law enforcement ("future supreme mugwhump, dude" Dean teases, ruffling his hair).
When she's murmured her thanks and they've both waved her off, the guy continues. "I'm Dean, and that's Cas, and you probably don't believe me because we're just two crazy guys with too many dogs, but the building you probably saw out there is my garage."
This was inspired almost wholly by Fefe Dobson's song "Stutterin'", which I would have vidded The Man Who Would Be King to rather than written this if I had any skill at vidding at all.
of Lucifer and Michael together burning at Castiel's wings, his own Grace almost overwhelmed even by this small amount of theirs, the merest spark in comparison. Crowley bows his head, teeth gritted and his own form smoking at the edges like mist before the wind, and Castiel thrusts both hands into the fissure, arms searing in the heat of the contained Grace.
“Hey buddy. I got all your homework and stuff, so you don’t need to worry about that. Uh, cause I know you’re a freak like that. It’s nothin’ too hard, just another essay on Laverne de Montmorency and her creepy little fetish for Rohypnol-ing dudes, and some theory stuff for Turner on turning chairs into goats.”
up on this shit, not the other way round, and if he’s gonna be too busy gettin’ high to keep an eye on me then I don’t-” He cuts himself off, punching a fist into the mattress and grinding it in. He leaves it like than for a moment then pulls it away. "I can manage without him, it's fine."
So apparently I am only able to process emotions about the finale by writing fic? This really is the last chapter though I mean it.
The Winchesters are Holdless, have been ever since the fire that took their cothold at Lemos and John took his boys south. Survival skills, they have them. But then Sam left and hitched a lift on a fishing vessel to go to Harper Hall; he has, as Dean's always said, as much singing ability as a watchwher, but he loves the Archives and has a good memory for precedents, and he almost made Journeyman, before Dean came to get him again. They travel around with a good, feisty runner called Imp and a sturdy old cartbeast called Kaz to pull their wagon. They've a fair of about half-a-dozen lizards (three greens (Acee, Decee and Talica), a blue (Jovi) and two browns (Styx and Lepp)) that look to both of them equally, and things are going well as they criss-cross Pern doing odd-jobs and dealing with pest problems, until they get caught out in Fall one day in the north and are saved by blue Novath and his rider C'stiel.
(”Tell me about Dean,” she’d said to Sam a good few months into their relationship, tired of only hearing about his family via the odd funny anecdote; he’s cagey about his life up ‘til now, and she doesn’t exactly want his whole life story, but a few details would be nice. So far, all she knows is that Dean loves his car, its tape deck and the tapes of Zeppelin and Metallica and other loud guitar music, that he has a particularly robust sense of humour, and that he lives with the ‘Cas’ it’d taken her far too long to realise was actually male, and their daughter Mary Ellen, who everyone calls Emmy.
“C’mon,” Dean told him, determinedly heading off down the corridor towards the Entrance Hall, and Cas followed him willingly, stumbling a little.
), but in a way it’s nice to know they at least noticed he’s gone. No one comes up to tell him how they’re thinking of him after the loss of his brother.
Tsalia collapses where she stands, a single anguished noise punching out of her as she hits the floor. Dean lets his own legs go out, whole body jarring as he lands.
"Dean-"  Cas says impatiently, but it dissolves into a shattered gasp as Dean shifts forward with a low noise and buries his face between her legs, hands cupped over her hipbones and thumbs feathering in the soft hollows right at the roots of her thighs. Her head falls helplessly back against Sam's shoulder.
“Where the fuck are they?” Dean growls, pushing himself off the Impala, and Joshua meets him halfway, jaw set and eyes furious.
, never just casually slam someone into a wall, choke them, force them down onto their knees to suck him off - and worse, he doesn’t know why Cas is
Tsalia bares her teeth and lunges up at him again, uncoiling like a spring the way she has a million other times to rip out throats. This time her paws are on his chest, heavy and immovable, and her face is inches from his, eyes blazing gold in the sunlight and the scar on her face standing out from this close, another reminder of Hell and, inextricably, Cas. “I was the one one that
One of Cas’s hands is on his flank, the other cupping the curve of his skull, and his mouth is warm from the water and tastes faintly metallic. And okay, so soaked fabric feels pretty good on his cock, lacking the usual dry friction, and he kind of likes that he can grab a cool, wet fistful of Cas’s shirt and feel his skin hot beneath it. It sticks to Cas’s body, makes slick and vaguely obscene sounds when Dean slides his hands down his back, pulls him in closer, and then Cas’s hand is on his hip and urging him to turn round, and suddenly it’s like Cas has been fingering him for ages and he’s fucking desperate for it,
Cas flinches at the name despite himself then sets his jaw, and Dean wraps his hand in Cas’s tie to make sure he can’t get too far. “Dean, you know that’s not why-”
Cas considers this, firelight painting his skin honey and bronze. Sam yells for Iope, asking what else comes after the tomatoes and oregano, and Iope answers that nothing does, you just leave it to simmer. Sam ambles in at about the same time Cas shakes his head.
Sam turns. Tsalia is crawling across the floor towards them like she’s dragging herself over a bed of hot coals, like the floor is made of serrated knives, like every inch she gains is hurting her more. But she’s doing it, jaw set and teeth bared, because she needs to be with Dean. Needs to comfort him, needs to be with him while she still-
Tsalia is still laid out on the grass, curled like a kitten sleeping at her mother’s side. Castiel brushes grace over her, checking she’s reformed correctly, and at the contact she shivers to life, twisting sideways and away, spitting and snarling, knowing only that it’s not Dean who’s touching her. Underground, Dean feels it too and redoubles his efforts to claw free of his coffin, scared now not only that he’s going to suffocate but that some unknown force is attacking his daemon. Tsalia, aware now on some level that Castiel means her no harm, ignores the angel’s continued presence and throws herself at the grave, paws throwing up great clots of earth and grass as she calls for Dean, tells him she’s coming for him, that they’ll be okay.
“You raised Sam for love, you’ve fought for this world and saved it over and over again, for love,” Cas continues, soft and inexorable and so, so fond. “You care, Dean Winchester, more than anyone I’ve ever met. You’re selfless, and loving, and knowing you has made me better. Knowing you has changed me. You taught me what it means to care for others; for Sam, for Bobby, for Jack. You taught me to care about the whole world, when I just wanted to follow the divine plan. You changed me, Dean; you showed me how to love.”
Cas's hand curves across the top of Dean's arm, unerringly lining up to the handprint under Dean's sleeves, and Dean's attention is immediately back on him, arm warming and fizzing with what feels like pins and needles. He opens his mouth to ask what Cas is gonna do, but Cas rumbles, "Close your eyes Dean," and he can only obey. A second later, with a low murmur of Enochian, Cas's thumb presses lightly over his right eye, then his left, and instead of the usual darkness his vision glows like the sun is in his eyes, almost but not quite enough to make him flinch. When he opens his eyes, Cas is staring at him, the slightest of smiles on his lips, and his wings are settling back to his shoulders.
“Grace,” St Claire replies absently, dipping the cloth back in the now reddish water and dabbing carefully at his wound. “Honour. Respectability. It’s the only thing I had ever thought to name my dragon, were I ever fortunate enough to have one.”
There’s a rush of air behind him, and that’s all the warning he gets before an arm clamps down across his throat. He stabs backwards and feels the blade catch, hears the angel hiss in pain, and then fingers snap around his wrist and wrench it back the wrong way. The sword clatters to the floor and Dean does his best to stifle his shout, but
Sam stares helplessly round the room like Dean might suddenly materialize from thin air, or maybe even from the disgusting black gunk Dick left behind, but he knows Crowley’s right -  they’re on their own. They’re stuck in the main Roman Enterprises headquarters, now visibly attacked and defaced with black ooze - not to mention full of decapitated bodies - with no friends to help them and the car stuck through a sign, and the police sirens are getting louder every second they stay.
, Cas, you need to get over yourself! It feels like we're losing you, man, and I wish you'd stop and just give it up like Gabe and Balthazar, cause it's turning you into someone I don't fuckin' like! Not to mention that Raphael takes it so seriously that one of these days he might fucking use an Unforgivable on you!"
"We should-" he manages when the kiss finally breaks, because he'd like there to be a horizontal surface involved kind of
“Dean Winchester,” says a familiar voice from his other side, and Dean turns and feels something lodge in his throat, metallic and choking.
Hayley’s a sweetheart, the good side of thirty and cute with it, all big green eyes and haphazard hair piled on top of her head. She and Cas get on really well, despite Cas’s complete inability to notice that ninety percent of her comments are flirtatious, and she always has a grin and wink for Dean, who
Dean starts with what they know - that Sam took a lucky shot - and then Tsalia pipes up that they made a deal with the reaper for Cas’s life, and Dean drops a hand down to stroke her ruff in gratitude. It explains everything - the absence of Cas’s injuries, the negligible fatality of the stab wound - so neatly it might as well be true.
about it, man, we hadn't even talked for like a week before Potions the other day! It's like you're choosing fuckin' giving out detentions and patrolling for first-years out of bed over me!"
"But dude, I still can't believe I almost made it with a fairy!" Charlie says later in the bar, wide-eyed and a little smug. Her cocktail umbrella is tucked behind her ear, a splash of brighter colour in her fiery hair.
"No," Cas growls, "you can't. In the last six months alone you've been turned into a vampire, held captive by a goddess and abducted by the Fae.”
a whacko and he has the scar to prove it, and the ‘paranoid’ is totally justified - but it’s nice, for a second, to think about just saying “fuck it” and ending the road here, leaving the car to rust with the others and curling up in the remnants of Bobby’s house and turning his back on life, helping other hunters on the end of the phone but otherwise leaving it all behind.
A circle of lighter darkness opened up ahead, the stars glimmering at them like a welcome, and then they were out and the stone under their feet gave way to springy grass and the castle towering above them, huge and unbowed, and most of them were craning their heads back to stare as they went up the stone steps and Hagrid raised a fist the size of Dean’s head and knocked three times on the thick oak doors.
Sam’s world starts crumbling when he hears Tsalia cough, sudden and startled, and go down, legs buckling beneath her.
“Can we maybe do this without any of the audience?” Dean asks, pulling away just enough to talk and gesturing at the silent band still playing and the silent couples still dancing away behind them. Now he looks, he can see that there are more guys then girls, so two dudes are dancing together and twirling each other enthusiastically.
, yanking the coat off Cas's shoulder and halfway down his arm. Cas blinks and bends his arm obligingly so Dean can get it the rest of the way off, then lets him do the same on the other side so the coat rustles to the floor at Cas's feet, Dean right up in his space and smirking. He slips a hand under each half of the suit jacket, slides across Cas's collarbones so the material bunches up against his wrists and down over the curve of his shoulder, feeling Cas draw in a breath, eyes fixed on his. Dean pushes a little further and Cas crooks his arms and the jacket slides the rest of the way off, and Dean brings his hands back to work on loosening Cas's tie, which makes a silky, slithery noise as he widens the loop until he can pull it over Cas's ducked head.
Jimmy’s spaniel daemon had become as much a part of Cas as the blue eyes, the crazy hair and the stupid rough voice, and wondering what happened to her once Cas pumped himself full of monster souls had occupied a lot of Dean’s quieter moments, early on. Tsalia had made a pretty good case for them getting into Heaven, but Dean knows she doesn’t believe it, not when you know what normal monsters do to normal humans and especially not when you add the leviathans into the equation - even Cas himself hadn’t survived contact with them.
Eventually the muscle twitches annoy her though, or perhaps she just gets bored, but his vision flutters and the ache recedes while she turns her attention to other things. “Hmm,” she says with his voice, sounding pleased, and sits up, knocking her old body out of the way and stretching out his arm, examining his fingernails, flexing the muscles. She runs his hands over his chest and grimaces; down between his legs and squeezes, amused when it makes him snarl wordlessly at her inside his head and his body perk up, sensitized.
Lucifer's Cage is not a prison as humans would understand it; there are no bars, nor locks, just a section of Hell cut off from the senses; the only reason Castiel can get there at all is because he is looking for Sam. Even so, Crowley has to guide him on the final stretch, and then they're both standing before a bare swathe of rock, Sam's soul a faint and flickering thing somewhere nearby.
Dean blinks. "Uh, yeah, he seemed...good. For a god, or whatever the fuck you guys are. No offense."
“The other prefects-” Cas starts, shuffling forward a few steps in obedience to the pull at his throat, and Dean rolls his eyes.
(Dean remembers Iope faltering in her dash towards them, her wide eyes as she slumped into the mud and pushed herself back up, struggling to turn, to see, while Dean ran forward to catch Sam as he fell.)
“The first person to wake up in Vegas with no clue how he got there and a shiny new ring on his finger.”
"Here, you must come and meet her properly," Castiel says, taking his arm and interrupting his wild thoughts. Conesta is already watching them, head tilted curiously to one side. "Conesta, this is Dean. He was the one who treated you in the field. You should thank him."
Cas flexes his leg in Dean's grasp, and Dean drops his hand down onto the sheets and slides up over Cas again, nuzzling into the space between his wings, the soft place where smooth skin becomes tiny, impossibly soft feathers. Cas shudders, wings falling as open as he can get them and Dean smiles, knowing Cas can feel it, and drags his mouth down each emergent wing, tongue pressing into the skin and catching on the feathers. Cas arches demandingly up into it, breathing faster now and murmuring "Dean" like it means so much more.
The room is huge, plush and amazing, and the only blemishes are the clothes scattered on the floor, shoes and socks and Dean’s jeans crumpled where they fell. The bed is practically its own continent, everything so stuffed full of feathers it feels like he’s floating on a giant marshmallow; the million pillows are kind of disarrayed, and a few have fallen onto the floor, and the sheet is all messed up and pulled free of its moorings.
Sam, the bastard, has no such modesty. "I guess Novath won, huh?" he calls, and Cas blinks at him for a second then glances down at himself and flushes, smirk curving his mouth.
"That's certainly true," Cas says, honest and straight forward as ever, and Sam laughs and slides his hands round to her stomach, rubbing slow, hot circles. Cas makes a muffled little noise and goes boneless, slumping back into his chest.
Cas fingers slip out of his mouth, though they linger at his throat, spread across his collarbone. Dean also pretty sure that’s a smile pressed against the skin of his shoulder.
It's not something he likes to dwell on, and he shakes himself out of it now and back to Cas under him, making grateful, needy little noises somewhere between a moan and a purr.
Something slick and cool catches at his fingertip. Blood. Great, now he has to fight against bloodloss too, fuckin’ peachy.
Dean laughs, short and bitter. “You haven’t been to see him recently, have you? He’s not ‘laid up’, Risa, his leg’s fine. He’s just too stoned to move.”
When she regains control over her body she pushes herself back upright and finds Cas watching her with his usual intent expression, like she’s fascinating but inexplicable. She can’t help laughing a little.
Dean scrubs his hands over his face. "No, no I can't 'abide it' Cas, I'm sorry. I know you think you've got it under control or whatever, but it's
?” he says, startled, eyes snapping open, and finds the angel watching him from his usual foot or so away, looking extra mournful with the water flattening his hair to his head and drenching his clothes. “Dude, Sam’s right through there!” he hisses, trying to keep as quiet as possible because hello, amplification. “And you’re meant to take your clothes off
She uses the door just so he remembers that not everyone can just zap themselves around, sliding in and pulling the door shut after her then wriggling herself over into his lap, feeling him twitch. She knows he’s making that face again, can see his wide eyes now hers have adjusted to the dark, can feel how he isn’t breathing and the tense way he’s holding himself, like he thinks she’s gonna smother him with her boobs or something.
“Anyway, what about you?” Dean points out, avoiding the question. They all know he can’t go back anyway. “You need us to stick with you, dude. what the hell would you do on your own?”
to get her hands in that messy hair and suck at his stupid lower lip, lick into his mouth. She’d assumed his hair would be brittle and unnatural, full of product to keep in in that crazy, windswept style he seems to like so much, but it turns out that that’s just its natural state, made worse by all his globe-hopping in search of God, and she can scrunch it between her fingers and feel him rumble in approval against her chest.
When Dean was alive, especially in his last year, he lived somewhat recklessly, and it takes longer than Castiel had anticipated to not only restore his organs but to improve and revitalise them. Muscles, ligaments and tendons come next, wrapping around bared bones, binding the body together, and skin follows. Marrow fills the hollow bones, gums plump up around teeth, and both eyelids swell outward as the eyeballs below are restored.
"I didn't know so many would support him. I didn't know I would have to keep killing my brothers and sisters, and feeling the pain of every death. I didn't know I would have to leave you and Sam unprotected, that I would have to ignore your prayers for help because I had to lead an army against a much greater force with only
"can you just- try and NOT look like you wanna rip my shirt off with your teeth?" jen says finally, throwing her hands up, and misha shrugs, grins. behind her, edlund and singer are looking thoughtful, though for different reasons. "NO" jen adds for good measure, leveling the finger of doom at them, and edlund quirks an eyebrow, mouth twitching.
“THAT’S IT - GET OFF MY PROPERTY, ALL OF YOU!” Bobby yells from downstairs, and when Dean looks out he’s wearing a hat with his bathrobe and actually brandishing a shotgun. The drummers look genuinely terrified and do as they’re told, drums bouncing in front of them.
Dean laughs, short and bitter. "Yeah, and Crowley got Bobby's soul last year, I know. And look where it got us, Cas. Dad died and went to Hell.
"Hook your feet behind my legs," Sam tells her softly, her hair curled around his hands and his fingers flexing against her scalp. He feels her feet curve against the backs of his calves and draws his legs apart, spreading her open. "Yeah, there you go."
In Dean’s absence his potion had congealed and gone all lumpy and purple, which made Professor Crowley click his tongue in irritation and award him a P, despite the extenuating circumstances. Dean was tempted to throw it at him and see how
“I dunno, I don’t really remember it, I just know he was there. I think we were here though, that’s why I asked. Normally if I’m here and not fishing or something it means he was really here and not just poking round in my head.”
They go on a grocery run the next day, so of course they go past a church just as the couple are leaving, confetti raining down and eleven pipers in police blue soundtracking their exit.
“I wasn’t, I wasn’t Dean, I promise,” and she brings a paw up over his wrist, “these aren’t mine - I mean, I don’t remember getting them, I think they’re just cause of you, what you...what happened to you.”
that one fic where Cas pops up at Bobby's late at night when Dean's Doing Research, and Dean protests that Sam or Bobby could hear and Cas's eyes glitter, then he's stripping off his tie, tying it over Dean's mouth, and going down on him right there under the desk.
aaaand then they either have angry sex anyway or Cas storms off and leaves Dean hanging, I was never quite sure (though I leaned towards the former). In any case, it's becoming a theme - poor Dean.
Dean swipes a hand across his mouth, stares resolutely at a knothole in one of the planks making up the cabin wall. He can’t hear anything, knows he can’t, but all the same his mind fills in the blanks for him; the other Dean’s deep, controlled breathing, rhythm never changing but slowly getting more and more ragged; the soft whisper of air as Cas breathes through his nose, and the
Rufus’s cabin is another house empty because its owner had allied himself with them once too often. His stuff, at least, is in tact, but Bobby took the best of it back to his. There is, Sam reflects, a whole trail of lives either ruined or destroyed thanks to them, and Rufus and Bobby and Jody are only the more recent ones. Kevin is another, and somewhere his mom’s probably going out of her mind with worry, but Hell isn’t exactly gonna be anyone’s first guess, and Sam himself has no way of getting him out; his soul has been passed around and battered so much he doubts any demon would trade it for a used car, never mind a freaking
Dean glares at him, but Joshua just stares back, impassive and patient. Finally, Dean breaks the deadlock and kicks up the earth, sending clods of it spraying over the line of flames and breaking them, one by one. The moment the last circle snaps Joshua is gone.
) and breathe into his folded arms, the steering wheel hard against his temple, and acknowledge he has nowhere to go. Iope scrambles up onto the dashboard and pets his hair, crooning the same crap they picked up from Dean when they were little - “Hey Sammy no, don’t cry, it’ll be okay, we’ll figure it out” -  and Sam swallows against the raw feeling in his throat, the wetness sticking his eyelashes together, and tries not to wish too hard that he was five again and crying into his pillow about something childish and stupid while Dean stroked clumsily at his hair and promised to make it all alright again.
She wraps her hand around Cas’s dick and he shudders, bucking up, and she resettles herself and smirks down at him. Her thumb skates over the slick head before she really gets her hand back round him and strokes. He hisses out her name, head falling back against the seat, and she does it again. His hand curls tight across her thigh, fingers digging in every time she palms the head of his cock, and his whole body pushes greedily into it.
"Jesus, it's a regular ol' pride parade in here," Dean mutters, stabbing mullishly at his food, ears bright pink.
"I've never had a daemon before, Dean, it was quite a shock to return to myself and find him still there," Cas says shortly. "And before that, I...just assumed that his name was Gah."
Cas makes a horrible shocked noise, but the bird is silent; his one good wing beats against the floor for a moment, then goes still.
“Tough break, man,” Ash said sympathetically, then reached into his pocket. “So hey, d’you collect chocolate frog cards?”
Later, Dean lay in bed watching Sammy waving both arms like a windmill by the light filtering through the hangings, and trying to ignore the lump in his throat. He was gonna see them in three and a half months, okay, that was nothing. What if it was like the old days, when you didn’t see your family again until the summer? What about Dad, who was never gonna see Mom again except as a portrait, a shadow of herself and a reminder of what he’d lost? Three and half months was fucking
Termeraire!verse Jensen/Misha, where Captain Collins has something of a scandalous reputation but Jensen and Jared find him refreshing and engaging and quick-witted, and his dragon Anaximander not half as scary as gossip would have his kind. Captain Vantoch takes a little more getting used to, especially as she's quite happy to take brandy and play cards with the men and always turns up in male attire (Captain Collins once volunteered to wear a dress in trade when Jensen expressed his mild discomfort at this, and Jensen was struck quite dumb at the thought). Her Longwing is also delighted by Lady Padalecki's pregnancy ("Oh! You have an egg! I hope it does not make you as nauseous as Vicki's did, it was most disagreeable.") and Gen does remarkably well for having an eye the size of her head examining her enthusiastically.
“Hi there, pretty,” Abaddon says cheerily, and kicks him back down, boot coming down on his neck to keep him there. Luckily he’s got his head turned to the side and the water’s pretty shallow, though it’s still not exactly easy to breathe through one nostril and half his mouth. He can’t see him anymore, but behind her Sam’s slumped against the wall, clearly still out cold, hands and feet bound and a noose loose around his neck. The girl, Tracy, is several feet away, held by two impassive male-bodied demons and kicking up a fuss about it. Good for her, Dean thinks wearily, but it won’t do her any good.
“We can share, you know,” the girl said, eyebrows raised, and Dean exchanged a glance with Ash and clambered aboard.
He’s vaguely ashamed of the way he crumples into her arms, but she’s his last link to Bobby, to family, and she’s just as calm and accepting and unflappable. She doesn’t ask questions, just shows him up to her spare room and says she hopes he likes meatballs for supper. Her toucan-daemon Averik has a brief conference with Iope on the dresser, then bobs his head at Sam and returns to Jody, and Iope comes back to settle in Sam’s lap where he’s sat on the edge of the bed. He strokes her absently, her tail wound around his wrist, and thinks about how in another universe Jody and Bobby might have been able to make a go of it, about how Dean might still be here, about Cas and whether he’s with Dean wherever Dean is (he must be, he’d never leave Dean alone; even if he’s not quite right anymore, keeping the both of them safe has become a central tenet of Cas’s existence, one he’s proved he’ll defy Heaven itself to follow), and whether Cas maybe knows a way to get them out.
"You wanna name him after somebody, maybe?" Dean asks, turning back to Cas. "I mean, I dunno, but if you wanted... I know you lost a bunch of people, and-"
“No, Dean,” Cas hissed after a moment, eyes still squeezed shut and teethmarks red around the base of his thumb. “That wouldn't help at all.”
Sam, fortunately, just bitchfaces at him and shoves on past, slamming the door behind him. Dean throws his clothes in the vague direction of his bed and collapses onto it, wrapping his hand back around his dick and feeling his freakin’
dean stares down at her. she stares back, exactly like cas, blue eyes unnaturally serious in her round baby face. he touches a curled finger to her cheek. "wow sweetheart. you're even more special than we thought."
Emmanuel is now pressed as tightly against Tsalia as he was against Cas. He’s still shaking, even though Cas is still. Tsalia has her eyes closed, face buried in his feathers, and Dean doesn’t know what to do with his face, his hands. The door shudders again.
Cas huffed out the sigh of the extremely put-upon but toed off his shoes and socks, coming to sit down a good few feet away and concentrating fiercely on rolling up his trousers. Dean rolled his eyes and shuffled himself closer.
“That Dean?” a woman says, and Dean peels himself reluctantly away only to see the huge feathery shape of an eagle owl soaring over to join the daemon commotion, and Ellen Harvelle reaching for him with shining eyes.
“Cool, cool.” The train whistled, loud and shrill, and another billow of steam stole across the platform and spilled past the window. The stragglers lunged for the train, and the conductor appeared further down the platform, closing the doors with a series of thunks. The train whistled again, engine picking up, and the carriage shuddered and inched forward. Outside the window, a witch with Ash’s hair (though not, thankfully, in the same style) waved cheerfully, and next to her a wizard with a close-cropped beard and crinkled eyes did the same. Ash waved back, grinning, and leaned against the glass to watch as the train accelerated and they disappeared from view.
“Not at present,” the aviator says, spreading his hands to indicate his lack of anything but the clothes on his back, “but as soon as we return to Dover I will see you reimbursed.”
“It’s almost Christmas, Cas, lighten up.” He sweeps the tinsel off his head and onto Cas’s, where it sparkles silver against his hair. “There, like a little Christmas angel.”
It’s all the time Dean needs. He twists his head round to check the sigil, joins up the two wandering ends of the circle and corrects one of the symbols, then spits, “Have fun motherfuckers,” and smacks his hand down onto the world’s smallest banishing sigil.
Dean introduces him to Benny, explains about their little get-out-of-jail-free card, and Benny sizes Cas up and asks bluntly why he abandoned Dean. Cas visibly steels himself, and the bird-daemon flutters up onto his shoulder, preening himself and avoiding eye contact, while Cas insists that the leviathans are after him and it's best if they just leave him so he can keep them away.
, gloriously as naked as Dean, and Cas, freak that he is, just reaches down, grabs Dean’s ass and fucking
“What? No,” Dean says dismissively, leaning round the door again to check on Sam. He’s curled on the couch reading one of Bobby’s indeterminate law books and seems happy enough. “No, it was just a dream, Bobby. I was just...thinking about him or something, it’s not like that’s hard to believe when he’s on the news every five minutes curing cancer or whatever.”
“You wanna tell me what happened?” Dean asks after a few minutes, and Emmy makes a quiet little noise.
“Cas,” Dean says slowly, tearing his eyes away from Emmanuel, who’s right in front of Tsalia’s nose. “Why are you telling me this? Here? Now?”
Cas is eyeing the mistletoe like it’s a conundrum he has no clue how to solve. “You...wish me to present you with a poisonous, parasitic plant as a token of my feelings?”
Originally written for my kink bingo square "lacerations", because never let it be said that I am ever in a fandom in which I do not write either a daemon or dragon-riding AU (or in this case, both, one twice for good measure)
“Alrigh’, is that all of yeh?” Hagrid called. “Okay then, follow me!” He lead them off down a steep, narrow little path, actual trees pressing in on each side of them and earth soft under their feet. They walked for maybe ten minutes, with the other kids around him chatting excitedly but quietly, like they didn’t want to ruin the atmosphere, before Hagrid spoke again.
“Filch is lurking round the library,” Dean continues, slowly tightening his grip on the tie and walking backwards, “probably waiting for Pince, and Peeves is hanging around to fuck with him-”
"Good night, Adelaide," Cas adds formally as they leave, and she answers instinctively as one of them flicks off the light.
and insane and he needs to be put down, Tsalia! You’ve gotta stop pining over all the good stuff he does, cause he’s fucking shit up too! He’s
he gets better after that, though he does once manage to grab emmy and dean feels his heart stop, is halfway across the room with the sword raised before she snaps something that sounds like "na!" and appears with her arms wrapped around dean's neck. she isn't crying though, and when dean hesitates she pats at the back of his neck and twists her head round and babbles something furiously at cas. dean's willing to bet it's mostly baby talk, but something must get through because cas sinks back onto the bed, curling up on himself as much as he can and shaking with sobs. she watches him for a little while, then vanishes again, and dean checks to hear bobby's gruff "emmy winchester, one day you're gonna give me a heart attack," before he goes carefully back towards the bed, fighting the urge to put a comforting hand on cas's trembling shoulder.
was my head hitting the wall, which, by the way, hurts like a motherfucker. But seriously dude, I’m fine. Well okay, I’m not
Sam rolls his eyes. "Yeah, great, thanks for that." He refolds the paper. "Well, there's nothing else in here that sounds suspicious, so I guess we'll just have to go talk to their parents."
Castiel considers him for a moment, like he suspects Dean's still trying to inconvenience his own animals for the sake of Castiel's, then he smiles a little. "That's very kind of you, Dean. Thank you."
Dean isn’t completely conscious that he’s crying until Tsalia crawls into his lap, shaking. They wrap themselves around each other and hold on.
Cas makes an intrigued kind of noise and rolls gently sideways so he's facing Dean, one wing kind of trapped behind him and fanned over the bedcover and the other spreading open to balance him, curved so it arches over Dean's head. Dean tilts his head to stare up at it, watching the way the light filters though the long feathers, the minute corrections it makes as Cas moves in his peripheral vision. Cas snorts, amused, and the wing twists back on itself as he lies back down. Dean blinks down at him, then realises Cas's pants are hanging looser on his hips and gets his fingers back through the beltloops to pull them down, shifting his other fingers to catch the waistband of Cas's underwear as he goes. Oh yeah, he's is so fucking smooth. Cas kicks his legs idly, helping to get his feet free, and then Dean's throwing the last of Cas's clothes off the bed and is finally faced with nothing but naked skin.
"The Winchesters are my responsibility, Lord," Cas counters, chin coming up and looking him briefly in the eye for the first time. "I would be remiss if I didn't seek to protect them from such elemental forces as your family."
HEADCANON - Dean knows Rocky Horror because whatserface with the pink panties had made him watch it prior to said request, and they were in fact a compromise from the full Frankie. Also, eyeliner. They were 19 and really stoned and Dean had a lot of feeeelings about Rocky dying because he was a monster. The panties were Rhonda's, slipped off under her skirt while Dean watched and when he puts them on, they're slick and damp from the making out they were doing five minutes before.
mary was a police cadet when she met john, fresh from vietnam and determinedly training to be a mechanic because machines are easy and people are terrible. they got married, had two kids, and then one night mary woke with a mother's sixth sense, went to the nursery to see if sam was hungry, and got firebombed. maybe it was the light she turned on, maybe the guy (a serial arsonist and one of her cases) just knew it was the nursery, it doesn't matter; what matters is that whatever was in the molotovs burned hot, fast and fierce, and by the time mary could assess her surroundings she only had two options: 1) curl up in a corner with sam and hope john could save her, or 2) throw herself through the fire in the doorway and save herself. she chose option 2 and that's how john found her, curled tight on the hallway floor rolling the last of the flames out with sam cradled to her chest and wailing like a banshee. dean's main memory of the fire is sam screaming and the flames, lighting up his mother lying curled on the floor with sam in her arms. john prised sam from her and passed him to dean, shoved him at the stairs and told him to run outside as fast as he could, that john would be right behind him. they sat on the hood of the impala and watched their house burn as sirens got louder and drowned out his mother's hissing sobs, sam's fretful hiccups and john's low, calm, only slightly shaky voice telling them all that it was gonna be okay. mary walked with a cane from then on but she was back on the force within a year, and john, paranoid motherfucker that he was, took dean out for the weekend of his eighth birthday and taught him how to shoot a pistol, a rifle, a shotgun; where to hit a man so he was in pain, incapacitated, dead.
Dean considers him for a moment, then folds his arms, looming over him, and Cas lets his head fall back against the wall so he can stare up at him and shudders, stroking himself long and lasciviously. Dean says something, low and rumbling, and Cas huffs a laugh and pops open his fly. It’s not in the least surprising that he’s going commando. He wraps a hand around his dick and shivers, hips arching, and when Dean says something else he licks his lips and settles back against the wall, eyes falling shut as he jacks himself off.
Dean does it again, a little faster this time, exerting a little more effort into holding Cas down and getting a full-body shudder for his trouble, Cas’s wings flexing over his head. They’re drawing back in towards their owner’s body and the feathers become a constant tickle on the back of his neck and shoulders, ruffling his hair, as he carries on licking in rough stripes and making Cas quake with it, restless against Dean’s hold and repeating his name like a curse or a prayer.
The deathstick is Tsalia's idea. Dean is still too winded and stunned to be alive to get up quite yet, and she's fussing over the gashes inflicted by the bat-dragon thing now wheezing for air through a gaping throat on the other side of the clearing.
, okay, you think I don’t remember? And I think it was shitty fucking thing to do! But you can’t just throw away-”
They're all just kind of chilling out when Crowley shows up - Bobby and Sam buried in books and Dean watching TV while trying to pretend his feet are in Cas's lap because the couch is too small - but his appearance is accompanied by a kind of squeaky, muffled growl, which immediately gets all their attention. Dean whips his feet out of Cas's lap and onto the floor and Cas actually curls his lip, distaste written across his face.
“It’s a good name,” Cas says gravely, quirking his little smile at Bobby. He reaches out and gently cups a hand over his son’s head. “Ego te creavit, filius meus, nunc te nomino: Robert John Winchester.”
“I was just about to get a taxi home, as I don’t think I’m going to get another flight today,” Cas says softly, obviously hearing the way Dean’s voice wavers.
“No, you were- I thought I heard-” Sam swallows and Dean forces his eyes open. The light’s too bright and Sam isn’t really in focus, but he’s
,” it flicks its head at Emmy, and Dean decides right there that that one’s gonna die first, “and what little remains is in tatters, and tainted by the unholy souls he consumed. He declared himself our god and tried to teach us his own sinful ways, the ways
"Boxer," Benny answers after a moment, glancing up to meet his eyes. "Aesther. Last I heard, she was howlin' for me as the old man swung."
When Sam is fully healed and deeply asleep Castiel turns. Crowley is kneeling in much the same position as him, his sleeve shredded and the arm beneath flayed down almost to the bone, cracked and blistered. Sam's soul is cradled in his good hand, glowing despite the raw wounds and older gashes it bears and rippling in distress at being held by a demon. Castiel makes to take it from him, but Crowley tears his eyes away from it and snorts, shuffling forward on his knees to press it to Sam's chest. It quivers for a moment, then spreads out like water and sinks into his skin, and Sam arches off the ground, eyes snapping open but unseeing, sucking in a silent gasp, then collapses limply back. His eyelids flutter, eyes rolling beneath them, and Castiel puts three fingers to his wrist, pushing him into a deeper sleep, and meets Crowley's eyes.
"God jesus fuck yes," Dean says in a rush, and Cas's mouth twitches in either amusement or irritation before he leans in and fastens it over the crown of Dean's cock. Dean's gotten a lot of head in his life, and when they started this Cas was kind of weird about it, attentive but not so much enthusiastic as intrigued; once he got over the science-experiment newness of it all though he improved rapidly, and after realising this was one thing Dean wasn't gonna complain about him using his mind-reading powers for, he's become downright
The aviator smiles briefly at him, reaching up to run a hand through his already-disheveled hair, and Dean starts at the jagged tear across his shoulder and the dark stain down one sleeve of his coat. “You’re hurt!”
“Hey sweetheart,” he croons, peeling the tarp off like a lover’s clothes. “You miss me? Cause baby I’m telling you, I fuckin’ missed you.”
"Ugh, gimme that, Bob. Garth, you still cryin' into your Cheerios over Eddie? Yeah? Then stop your pansy-ass mopin', go out there and get him back."
The smoke makes his eyes sting and his tongue prickle, but as soon as the last syllable dies away Joshua is
visible, since his shirt’s still open), the obvious life in him in contrast to the slumped stillness of five minutes earlier. “Never do that again.”
“Sorry,” Sam tries to say, withdrawing his arm, trying to find his own feet even though he can’t really see and what he can is swirling away from him, and Dee’s other hand flashes up to grab his fingers.
Dean’s first thought is to call Cas, but something tells him there will be others with a better explanation. “BALTHAZAR!”
[then one day joshua shows up and informs him that this is not on and restores his grace, and then cas and dean and sam go to meet up with anna and balthazar and gabriel and go up to heaven to try and reason with raphael. raphael basically laughs in their faces and sends a garrison of angels down to kill the rest of the hunters, stabs gabriel and cordons off the other angels, and gently kills sam and dean via a variety of horrific diseases, but their souls all go pouring into cas and the dead gabriel winks at him and suddenly he's got all this power and he and gabriel anihalate raphael, scourge the earth of croats and declare a ceasefire on the apocalypse. then joshua steps in and revives everyone and they all live happily ever after.]
." His hand sweeps over, picks up the invisible puppy, releases it's impromptu muzzle and drops it against Sam's chest. Sam's hands instinctively come up to catch it, despite the look of disgust on his face, and then a bloody crescent opens up at the base of his thumb and he swears, hands flying apart but the puppy apparently hanging on, judging by the way he's flailing his hand around. Crowley sniggers.
“And listen, okay, I’m summoning Joshua, it’s the only way we’ll know- he can do that angel-locating thing and figure out where they are. I’m sorry, but I can’t wait, Emmy might- you know what they think of her. So uh, if I’m not there when you get back, get Josh on the line. And
-and Dean’s fingers spasm against the wall, whitening as he digs his nails into the wood and Cas’s head slams into the wall below, Dean’s other hand cushioning it as he rides out his orgasm and Cas runs flat hands up and down his thighs, seemingly oblivious to the awkward angle of his neck and legs.
, Winchester,” Professor Crowley said sharply, and Dean turned for the door, stretching a careful arm out to shepherd Cas with him. Cas’s wings shook out as they went and Cas rolled his shoulders, spreading them wide; Dean ducked away from them, mindful of Crowley’s warning. Behind them, the rest of the class murmured in surprise, and Dean heard low snickers as he waved Cas through the door and Cas turned to stare at him, eyes flicking all over his face before zeroing in on his mouth again.
Between one step and another the car is waiting for him, gleaming in the sunlight, polished and beautiful. Dean runs his hands across the shining roof before he opens the door, greeted by the familiar smell of leather and gun oil. He slides his hands over the steering wheel, brushes his fingertips over the keys in the ignition, then settles himself into the seat and starts the engine.
Dean thunks back down onto the couch, stares down at his hands hanging between his knees and the shadows on the floor from the sigils drawn on the window. Not that they're apparently any use. Probably he should be going through Bobby's books again and trying to figure out what they did wrong, but he just...can't bring himself to do it right now. Cas seems so damn
, reaching as far as he can to run both hands through the feathers on each wing over and over, he kind of almost hopes that his skin might come away coated in grey, and Cas's feathers will brush up white again.
Dean meets him at the top of the stairs, making Castiel start halfway up. "I'm sorry Dean, did we wake you?"
“You’re not restricted to your own memories,” Jo clarifies. “You can just do whatever you want and make new ones. Go see other people, hang out, actually spend eternity living instead of just reliving the same shit over and over.”
actually bothered to come visit.” She comes trotting over, claws clicking on the rough wood floor, and butts her head into Tsalia’s chest. “Hi, just call me Vim.” Tsalia draws back, ears flattening disapprovingly, but Vim just laughs  and drops down onto her back, batting at Tsalia’s chin with her paws. Tsalia bares her teeth and backs away, and Vim flops over onto her side and watches her, tongue hanging out and tail smacking the floor.
Finally there's a whisper of displaced air, the grass bending under a sudden wind, and then Cas is in the circle, swaying slightly but offering the ghost of a smile when he registers them.
"I've already led you to him and helped you break him out, angel. Now you want me to help you shove Lucifer into a dark corner of his mind and make sure he stays there as well?"
“Of course, why do you think I did it?” Crowley says, looking further annoyed by the stupidity of humans. “It’s yours now.”
they throw names around - spike/toto/ruby (Dean), baskerville/cerberus/fenrir, (sam) grim/dip [evil blood-drinking Catalan legend] (Bobby) - and finally settle on Drac(ula says dean, but sam claims it’s actually short for dracul - demon/dragon). he does in fact guard the impala, but dean is always wary because the thing hates him and what if it scratches up his baby in revenge? it's also hard to sleep on the nights they share a motel room because he can see the thing watching him with those glowing eyes from the end of sam's bed, just waiting for him to fall asleep so it can chow down on his toes. "go to sleep dean" cas always tell shim sleepily, and drapes a wing over his face so all he can see is gold-latticed feathers
magic, and I couldn’t-,” she swallows, burrowing her head into his side. “I couldn’t move, I couldn’t come home, I couldn’t do
sex continues to happen, especialy when cas is stressed and dean blows him under the desk, possibly in the office as well as his room. "we should have penatrative sex" cas says one evening at the bar, lowering the bottle from his lips, and dean chokes. "jesus cas! you can't just...say things like that! now i have beer in my sinuses and a fuckin' semi, thanks a lot." "one of those sounds promising" cas says, sly, and dean kicks him in the ankle.
cas gets increasingly srs bsns in their sixth year, undoing all dean’s good work in mellowing him out. he slowly distances himself from dean and everybody else, and balthazar says sadly that he really needs to give it up like he did. they go out of their way to try and hang out with him, but. also, sam and ruby seems to be getting kind of serious and it’s creeping dean out because seriously, he thought sam and jess had it made (well, except for madison the gryffindor last year, but they’re still friends so). completing the lucifer/michael parallels, the ravenclaw head boy, raphael, seems to have it for cas for no real reason, and they have to keep an eye on him as much as they can because dude keeps trying to hex cas between classes and is generally trying to undermine him everywhere, muttering about how he shouldn't even be a prefect, little half-blood freak etc etc. one of the girls, lisa, who’s little brother ben is in hufflepuff and thinks dean is the best thing ever, is almost on as good terms with the kitchen elves as gabe, and provides a welcome distraction and a sympathetic ear (also, sweets).
"I wish we could get our-" and Sam hesitates, cause he isn't sure he can even name what Cas is to them anymore, "-angel friend down here to tell you that himself, but he's...busy right now." Out of the corner of his eye he sees Dean's face shut down, shielded behind another pull from the bottle.
“Until he starts busting the lights and, I don’t know, throwing the staff around thinking they’re demons,” Sam says, and Dean throws up a hand.
. She grabs them and sets them firmly on her hips, drags them up her sides, under her shirt and t-shirt and over skin, and he groans, hands curling just under her bra and thumbs dipping over her ribs like he’s counting to make sure he got them all right. She’s about to make some smartass remark along those lines, but then he slides his whole hands down over her stomach, slow and sweeping and spreading warmth in their wake, and she settles for biting gently at his lip instead.
“I expect he’s been hanging back,” Bobby continues, gazing peacefully into the middle distance. “Letting us have you first. Imagine you probably have a few things to say to him, after all.”
,” Balthazar said dramatically, and would probably have thrown his arms up if Dean hadn’t been holding on to one. “I’ll tell him. Now let go of me, or people will start to talk.”
Dee's hand darts out from the bed to catch Bobby's wrist and squeeze, and Bobby twists his arm to catch her hand in both of his and squeeze back before letting her go.
“Castiel,” Dean repeats, hearing it come out rounder, fuller than the French elision Castiel puts on it, three syllables and not two.
“Go!” Dean shouts at her, down in a sort of half-crouch because his leg won’t support him any more, cause otherwise he knows she’ll stick around to heal him and while that would be amazing the angels could be back any second, but all she does is throw herself at him.
Tsalia makes a disapproving clucking noise Dean’s sure real cougars can’t make. “The daemons are much closer than you and Cas, you won’t even see anything. Anyway, it’s just your dick, you see it all the time.”
“Don’t, I’m coming to get you,” Dean orders, already bolting out his chair. Fuck the others, they can survive without him, it’s not like there’s some major crisis or anything. “Don’t you fucking move, okay, or you’ll probably get hit by something. You know what they say about- about cheating death or whatever.”
“Thank you, Dean,” he says formally, face serious but eyes amused, and then just like that, he’s gone, leaving only a rustle of wings behind him.
she would have been woken early the next morning by Amelia letting the dogs out, and then actually got up later to find Sam and the kids in the kitchen - Beth is about 5 and sturdily self-confident, JJ (James John) is not yet 2 and a little shy; both have short, curly dark hair because Beth cut hers off one day for some reason or another and now gets annoyed when all she can do with it is stick clips in it, so she makes sure she wears about twenty at any one time. Adelaide helps them with chores like caring for the animals while she waits for her car to be fixed, then leaves them, stopping for gas in the town and getting sagely told that she couldn't have done better than stay at the Winchester place.
She tosses the knife carelessly away when she’s done, and looks down at him coquettishly, a little smile quirking her lips. Then she swoops down and kisses him, free hand pinching his nose shut so his mouth gasps open, and something oily and bitter fills it and ripples down into his throat, alive and searching. He feels himself try to choke but at the same time represses it, throat spasming once then stilling. Something sharper than pins and needles sparks up his spine, and then it’s like his whole body goes numb, all at once. He can’t move his legs, his fingers, his eyes - he can’t even blink, and Abaddon giggles as she holds his eyelids open until his eyes start to ache.
There’s this weird ringing in Dean’s ears. He feels like the earth’s just stopped spinning underneath him and he’s the only one who can feel the sudden lack of motion, his body still trying to move forward while stuck staying still. All his limbs feel sort of detached, like they’re suddenly full of cotton candy rather than muscle and bone. He’s kind of expecting to wake up at any moment, reality yawning out around him because this, this is not real.
. Shut up and lemme work." He leans forward a little, shifting to get comfortable, then curls his hands over Cas's shoulders and digs his thumbs in. Cas starts, muscles twitching, then his neck goes limp and he sighs out a breath that ends on a groan. "Yeah, there we go," Dean agrees smugly, and does it again.
Halfway up the main stairs Cas wavered, and Dean, already at the top, turned to coax him the rest of the way. Cas was leaning on the banister like he needed it to hold him up, forehead almost touching the marble, and a faint, suspicious sizzling sound was coming from him the longer he leaned there. Dean winced, imaging what McGonagall would say if Cas disfigured the rebuilt grand staircase when it was still less than a decade old.
“Oh god, shut up.” Dean buries his face in her shoulder and grabs for the scruff of her neck, shaking her a little - until he realises that’s just what the other him had done to Cas and shoves himself away. Tsalia watches him with what he’s pretty sure is exasperated amusement, eyes glinting gold in the dark.
"Well, that's the funny thing - no one else has had the same problem except Mrs Hawkins down the street. Perhaps my flowers just attract particularly tasty flies." She titters a laugh, watching Dean out the corner of her eye. He's busy exchanging a look with Sam though; Mason Hawkins is another one of the missing boys.
) he comes back and finds Sam’s left it for the cops to impound, so he wrenches the door open and throws himself in behind the wheel, Iope tumbling down onto the passenger seat and jumping up to press her little hands to the cracked window.
“Half,” St Claire says slowly, stopped a pace or so behind him. “My mother finds English names boring.”
“Shut up, I like seeing happy stuff for once,” Sam says, shoving at his shoulder. “C’mon, don’t tell me you’ve never thought about it.”
"Woah," Dean says when they're first introduced. "How's it feel to be the short one for once, Sammy?"
"Touché," Dean agrees amiably, taking another swallow of beer and smirking at Charlie round the rim of the bottle. "Though she wasn't, y'know, powered up at the time."
"Ah, you're after the other one this time. Collecting the set, are we? You should have told me you were coming, I'd have made cookies."
Even angels are not immune to the horrors of the Pit though, and Castiel takes a moment to simply rest, and to try and soothe the soul now actively struggling against the grace that has shielded and protected it since it was ripped from the depths of Hell and borne upward back towards the light. Dean has been in Perdition longer than he was on Earth, has known nothing but violence and pain for so long that Castiel can only be another kind of torture, an illusion of salvation that he can’t, mustn’t believe. No matter how Castiel reaches out to it with tendrils of grace, offering the reassurance of holy mission, the knowledge of the divine plan, and finally just simple comfort, Dean’s soul curls stubbornly in on itself, refusing to believe.
There is bright sunlight and a warm breeze, birdsong and the smell of green things blooming under a warm sun. “Huh,” Dean says, glancing around, taking it all in. “Made it to Heaven.”
“Well look at you, turning up just as the action’s all over,” Dean says, tipping his head up to meet Cas’s eyes, and Cas makes a pissy little noise and jabs two fingers harder than necessary against his temple. “Ow, jesus. Thanks.”
“Jesus Sam, can’t a man shower in peace?” he calls back, forcing his voice steady. Cas nips at the pink outline of his scar, still more sensitive than the rest of Dean’s skin, and he swallows the noise he wants to make and grinds backwards in retaliation.
Misha: Yeah, I think that’s been kind of blown out the water. I thought- I mean, the future episode made it pretty clear he was, you know, having sex and doing drugs and all that fun stuff, but I guess that Cas was kind of different from the normal one. But there was the Meg kiss too! And the porn! And you know, it’s not like any of the other angels were keeping it in their pants either, and I think if you’re friends with Balthazar, sooner or later you’ll- he’ll get you into some vice or other.
sam’s being weird about the washing machine/tv/them / spacing out while they do normal household stuff. dean figures it’s part of his recovery to act a little stoned every now and then
“Cas, dude, if you dig right through that we’ll have to pay, you know. I know it’s not like it makes the place look any worse, but you need to chill out. We’re gonna get you back on two legs, okay, but in the mean time you may as well kick back and enjoy a little down time. It’s not like you can go back to the front lines like that, right? Anyway, you look like you could use a break, you seemed kind of twitchy earlier.”
He brings Sam back to Dean, because where else would he go? Time has passed and it's dark when they appear, the streetlight washing them in orange, and the house lights are bright and warm. Dean is sitting down to supper, light glinting in his hair. He is smiling, happy, and Lisa and Ben are smiling back at him. Sam watches almost hungrily, a strange expression on his face, and then he turns away.
“I’m sorry, I can’t leave her,” the aviator calls apologetically when he sees Dean, one had spread under the dragon’s jaw. “You’ll have to do it yourself.”
Dean hums smugly against the skin, chasing the give and licking deep, and Cas is rocking his hips back towards Dean and down against the bed and biting out more Hebrew/Aramaic/Ancient Atlantean swears in between strings of “Dean”s, run together and desperate.
There’s that rustle of wings and Cas is standing just inside the doorway. Both Sam and Bobby jerk and scramble up to their feet. Cas is down to his shirtsleeves, the white no longer pristine and stained with stuff Sam really doesn't want to look at too closely, and he sounds exactly the same as ever when he says, “It’s a boy.”
It’s probably a mark of something drastic that Dean just shrugs, drops his duffel on the table and sinks into the chair. “Okay, so...what then? What’re we gonna do now? ‘S not like we’ve got any marketable skills.”
be - his stupid boring existential bedtime reading book is still on the nightstand, and his spare pair of glasses is still on the shelf in the kitchen, and his fucking mint-flavour shower gel is still hanging in the shower. How can all that stuff now just be useless, worthless? This morning’s herbal tea mug is still sitting in the sink, and his breakfast plate’s still covered in crumbs, and...and this trail of things he’s left behind him, like footprints in sand, they mean he was
“Yeah,” Sam agrees, running a hand through his hair and taking a deep breath to quiet the unease lurking low in his gut. “Of course.”
Then there’s the sound of the chair shooting backwards, and the other Dean snapping at Cas, muffled just enough to be unintelligible from the outside. He throws his arms out, paces away and then back, and Cas just watches him, arms loosely folded. Dean stops in front of him and shouts some more - loud enough for the Dean watching to get snatches of it, “but it’s not
"Oh, so what, I'm not  good enough to be an Auror because I'm not fucking sticking a broom up my ass and taking ten points off every time some kid breathes too loudly?" Dean demanded, and Cas's wings bristled.
"Daniel is the name he prefers," Destiny says, a little sniffily if you ask Dean. "Nevertheless, he is Dream."
us with blasphemous filth. He was no longer worthy of the lowest ranks of Heaven; the very Glory of the Lord was desecrated by his presence.”
“I know,” Castiel says, sounding rather wretched and stroking her cheeks, and she butts her snout into his good shoulder affectionately.
“Heaven doesn’t work that way anymore,” Kevin tells him cheerfully, his otter-daemon shimmying up his body to drape herself around his shoulders. “Jack fixed it.”
, and Cas’s fingers twist free of his teeth and press into his mouth, flattening over his tongue and clearly telling him to shut up. Fine then. Dean braces both arms against the wall and shoves back, flutters the muscles around Cas’s dick, and Cas makes a low, feral noise in his ear and shifts his weight, the message finally getting through-
outside, and she slams the door to keep the heat in the car for as long as possible, then shoves her hands into her pockets and starts walking, keys in one fist just in case some crazy hick turns up and can't be persuaded to help her first.
She's not too far down before she realises it's more like a farm than just a house, and the likelihood of serial killing reduces significantly. The drive is edged with wooden fence posts, and little shelters dot the paddocks she passes. It's way too small to be a proper farm, like one where they raise stuff for food, but there's at least four separate fields and maybe even a pond. The animals are obviously asleep, but a bird rustles its wings somewhere behind her and something small slinks across in front of her that she's pretty sure was a cat.
“That’s very reassuring,” Cas whispers back, sounding more like himself than he has since they came back after the summer, and Dean counts that at least as a win.
“If we do as you request,” Cas says evenly, looking straight at it with his fingers clenched tight on his wand, “will you leave us alone?”
Dean can't take that cold gaze staring down at him anymore, and pushes himself to his feet. Cas shifts back the barest step to accommodate him. "Damn it Cas, why do you even
It’s hard to ignore the little stories in the papers, disappearances and weird deaths and strings of coincidences that can’t be coincidence, but it gets easier with practice. He cuts up all the credit cards and takes whatever little jobs he can, fixing cars and cleaning pools and unblocking sinks, mopping floors and washing glasses. Three more months pass, four months since Dean went missing, the magic number, and he doesn’t show. Sam’s personal cell falls out his pocket and into a bucket of water; his other cell runs quietly out of battery at the bottom of his duffel. He rebuffs the women (and the occasional man) who hit on him in bars and after he fixes their shit and makes it run smooth, and stays in towns only long enough to get bored.
The case is done, but they're past the checkout time and Sam had tried to look casual about going back to that Starbucks again, laptop tucked under his arm, but Dean had grinned at him and agreed that yeah, that barista had definitely been flirting with him, what, would he like a written invitation, get over there already and Sam had told him he was an ass and hurried out, ears faintly pink. "And don't come back til you've frothed her cappuccino good!" Dean had shouted after him, and Sam had flipped him off.
Sam is still looking uncertain, but Dean knows he can brush it off by telling him to shut his brain off already, what, does Sam think he would make that up? (even the thought makes his stomach twinge uncomfortably though, so he hopes it doesn't actually come to that). Cas, however, is still smiling, soft and fond and apparently delighted that Dean not only saved his ass but restored it to tip-top condition too. It’s real heartwarming to know he advocates for Dean double-crossing reapers to save his life (Dean would do it though, for real, if he had to, although if Cas gets his fool ass impaled again too soon Dean might leave him dead for a few minutes to teach him a lesson. Not that that will happen, since Cas is coming back to the bunker with them right now and leaning how to use a damn gun).
“You sick fucking psychos,” Dean snarls, and fights against his captor as much as he can, trying to ignore the waves of agony crackling up his arm. It’s like trying to escape a brick wall. “That has
Dean looks back over at the daemons, dog-piled together, the flames picking out Tsalia and Iope's fur in different hues and gilding the bird-daemon in molten colours, like a phoenix. Fitting, given Cas's unfortunate habit of dying on them and then popping back up again a little later, though he's been good about sticking around lately. Trying his hand at being human, house and family and daemon and all. A new start, a blank slate, forgetting all the other shit he did and that was done to him. And though it all started with Jimmy's spaniel-daemon trotting at his heels, Dean can't imagine him now without that deadly little bundle of feathers on his shoulder, fluttering and preening and slashing monster's faces open while shrieking like a banshee. And all because some crazy lady went for a walk in the woods and found a naked guy lying by the lake.
Sam’s face resolves, scrunched with worry. He shakes his head. “Dean, I could’ve sworn...I thought you
And yeah, Dean was kind of busy focusing on Cas and not really thinking about his own dick, but he’s sure as hell thinking about it now, and Cas is an evil mind-reading cheating genius and this is going to be over in a seriously embarrassingly short time if he keeps on doing
he was manhandling there - and Tsalia had flinched, ears flattening, but Cas had been business-like and set Iope down again in front of them, where she’d just slumped to the grass, all the fight gone out of her.
“I do my best,” she answers, smiling back, and Bobby chuckles. Dean smacks Sam in the arm with a grin.
you’ve been doing, mooning over the radio like it’s gonna start playing that Beiber kid or something. You’ve gotta get over this, Tsalia. He’s not coming back.”
Cas's stare gets sharper. "No. I was engaged in the defense of one of our strongholds, against numbers far superior to my own. I apologise if that was an inconvenience to you."
"Hey Cas," he says aloud, clearing his throat, "you would've loved Disneyland, man. Sam's gonna turn into a giant five year-old, it'll be hilarious. Especially as he's about ten times too tall now for most of the rides he wants to go on. The last time we were there, he stuffed himself full of candyfloss and hotdogs then went on a rollercoater, it was not pretty..."
I don't remember where this was going - angry!sex? Cas just storming out and continuing their weird sixth year relationship issues? I think it was going to be bathroom sex until Cas got pissy and Dean couldn't resist matching him. Sigh.
They all trooped after him out into the Entrance Hall and through a large doorway to the side of marble staircase, Dean registering vaguely that the Slytherins were going with them, but the Gryffindors and Ravenclaws were going up the marble staircase, and spared a thought for all the stairs ahead of them. He was pretty sure if he tried to climb now his legs would fall off. The Slytherins peeled off down another corridor, but the Hufflepuffs kept going until they came to a seemingly random collection of wooden barrels, presumably somewhere near the kitchen.
“Better?” Gabriel queries, still grinning, and Dean nods warily. “Oh, be more enthusiastic! Baby bro here worked his wings off!” His voice drops to a conspiratorial whisper. “I tell ya, you haven’t lived ‘til you’ve seen him running around trying to corral wild swans.”
“Dean,” Cas says, warm and firm and alive, “it’s okay, I just thought I'd- it's okay, I’m not dead.”
“And uh, feel free to come on down here any time you need another ‘respite’,” Dean adds, unable to resist and smirking, and Cas’s mouth twitches.
Tsalia sighs disapprovingly, sounding achingly like Sam. "Well then, guess we'll have to improvise. Wasn't much use anyway."
Bobby comes to stand by Sam and just looks, drinking the baby in with soft eyes and a helpless smile. “Y’alright, Dee?” he asks gruffly.
"So..." Dean says, desperately scrambling for something to say, and this time Destiny lets him talk aloud. "Destiny, Destruction, Death...and Daniel?"
“YOU’S BETTER FUCKING COME BACK, YOU FEATHERY FUCKING BASTARD!” Dean yells after him, and then all he can do is wait, leaning back against the Impala and nursing his blooded knuckles from punching the nearest tree.
The daemon’s still circling the room on unsteady wings when they leave Cas to Meg’s tender care, and Tsalia is the last out the door, tail twitching and head low. “I don’t like it,” she says shortly when they get outside, and Sam huffs a sigh.
His pupils are blown wide, the usual disconcerting blue all swallowed up, but the intensity is still there. And despite the fact that he’s now fucking her like a damn pro, all she can think about is whether afterwards he’s gonna give her that soulful look like he can’t understand why she doesn’t look in the mirror every morning and cry at her own awesomeness.
As if on cue, baby Bobby hiccups, legs kicking and arms twitching, then the sound becomes a whimper. "Shh squirt, hey. You hungry?" Dee murmurs, wirggling herself up higher against the pillows and shifting him into a more traditional hold, held in the crook of her arm and turned into her chest. She glances up. "Uh, no offense, but-"
Emmanuel doesn’t fade from Tsalia’s grasp, the Empty plucks him away from her and she screams, throwing herself after him but there’s nothing there, nothing to grab for, the skin-crawling cold gone.
at him, making him feel like his heart’s being torn slowly out of his chest as she tugs at the bond between them. Tsalia butts her head up against his hand, warning him to let her deal with it, then goes carefully over to the spaniel-daemon and sinks down onto her belly, not quite close enough to touch.
“No, theirs, fortunately. They harried us all the way back across though, and though we lost them it cost Conesta all her remaining strength.” His mouth twists with worry. “If we hadn’t landed in your field, and if you hadn’t been so generous with your supplies and skills-”
next thing he knows, they're not at bobby's anymore - yet another warehouse probably, and dean continues his tirade until cas gets bored and tells him to STFU. he will, however, answer dean's question - he got sick and tired of the other angels' failure to understand free will even after he invested a lot of time and effort into trying to make them, so he figures they're outmoded and he needs some kind of hybrid, like he was post s5, because it was his spending time with humans that he thinks made him get free will. dean snaps that he could've just gone all holy spirit and knocked up some chick, distasteful though he finds the idea, and cas looks equally unimpressed and says something ike "but dean, you're my favourite, and you're the one who taught me what it means to be human, it had to be you." he ripped out the shreds of his grace, but they were broken and ruined and he needed something to knit them together - voila dean's soul, which he already has a ~profound bond with. he cleansed the grace of all traces of memory and personality that made the angel castiel, leaving only the connection with dean (because he needed it and also it was pretty tightly embedded) and took it down to him. the grace burrowed down deep, relieved to be away from the monster souls and with someone it recognised/loved, and healed itself by siphoning energy from dean's soul. the better it got, the more energy it needed, and also it still requires a certain bloodline as its host, or dean will end up like nick. luckily, it's now big/healed enough to remove and place in its own vessel.
He waited for Cas by the statue of Boris the Bewildered anyway, because the bathroom didn’t let you in if someone else was already in there, and he only had to duck in himself once to avoid Peeves and Mrs Norris, who the poltergeist was chasing with a peashooter. Cas turned up at nine on the dot, an ink smear on his cheek from where Dean guessed he’d been catching up on the work he’d missed and hands cupped around his elbows, eyeing Dean warily from under his hair like he thought Dean was gonna jump him right there.
of things that a bunch of crazed angels could visit upon an almost-human and a five year old child, one of which they despise for trying to rule them and then to replace them, and the other of which they see as a violation of every natural law. He remembers Zachariah, trying to get him to say yes to Michael and casually removing Sam’s lungs; remembers how exhausted Cas was from losing even a little grace, or from banishing himself across the country with barely any grace left to sustain him.
balthazar and his middle weight(?) grey copper would have turned up to convey cas and conesta back to dover, and then later dean would have wheedled his father into letting him accompany their next tithe of cows to the covert and gone to find cas again, and then they would've eventually got into a relationship complete with cas dirty-talking in french that i had totally looked up ahead of time. ah well
it starts when they find carvings and bags at the victim's houses, that they all have stuff (jewelery? spell knots/pouches?) from the same girl, but cas says it's purely protective, not malicious. "so, hex bag?" dean asks, rubbing through the material of the bag, and sam frowns down at the runes. "no, i don't think so. these are - I don't recognise all of them, but this one's for protection." does she also do tarot? like, asked what was happening and what to do, and the cards said knight of cups/swords (sam), knight of wands/king of cups (dean) and king of swords (cas), two of wands (earned sucess, partnership)/eight of swords (patience)/hierophant (faith, spiritual consolation); inverted justice (priest), inverted devil (angel), inverted moon (fear, highly charged emotions), ace of swords (misuse of power, destruction, injustice).
,"  Cas says, half order and half entreaty, voice husky and canting her hips up, and Dean huffs something that could be a laugh and dips back down, eyes open this time and focused on her, watching for the things that make her mouth fall open, her eyes flicker shut, little wanting sounds hitch in her throat.
“Love potions are, of course, banned at Hogwarts,” Professor Crowley continued, glancing lazily round at them all, “and as NEWT students I’d hope you’d know better than to try and sneak anything that you make today out of this classroom, not least because there is no guarantee that any of the concoctions you produce will do anything more than poison the object of your affections.” He smiled thinly. “You may begin.”
Cas sighs. “Dean, you are still far too reckless. I am aware that my war means nothing to you, except as a minor inconvenience when it prevents me coming to your aid, but even so I would have thought that the last two years would have made you aware of the dangers posed to you by both Heaven and Hell.”
then the demons attack; five of them, in human vessels. one goes after cas when he's outside, and he manages to wrench a door off one of the cars to fend it off. the other four come for emmy. they're good, and three of them have sam, dean and bobby occupied while the other grins at emmy. she stares it down, but it swipes a hand and she goes smacking into the wall, eyes wide. dean dimly hears the other two shout, but mostly he just hears his blood roaring in his ears as he watches the demon advance on emmy where she's pinned helpless. then cas comes barreling through the door, wielding the car door like a crazy person, and catches the demon on the back of the head. it snarls, spinning round, and cas hits it again, knocking it off balance, just as bobby kills his demon and throws the sword at the other one. emmy drops like a stone, but she lands easily on her feet, mouth set and eyes furious, and the other two demons get burned out with extreme prejudice. they all kind of group hug her after that, and dean looks up to find cas staring down at the bodies, and catches his eye, beckoning him over with a flick of his head. he joins them hesitantly, but emmy twists, grabbing a fistful of his t-shirt, and makes it clear she includes him in this family.
Dean settles back down under the sheets, wriggling his toes against Tsalia’s leg just because he can and trying to imagine what it would be like if Tsalia was ignoring him, hated even being around him, and fucked off every night to god-knows-where just because she felt like rubbing it in. Tsalia twists so her head is resting his foot, growl rumbling through her jaw in a way that says she doesn’t like what he’s thinking about, and Dean presses his foot up into her warmth and obediently wipes his mind blank.
- in which cas gets a motorbike. it's all sam's fault, but dean likes a challenge and builds one up for cas while he learns to ride a bike. sam resumes his lawyer thing and gets a girlfriend. cas works part-time at the daycare/school to assuage dean's fears of kidnapping (he also demon-wards it to hell his first day) and part-time at the local library, and they acquire a cat.
"Well, then," Sam starts, looking torn between having some kind of girly group hug and getting the holy water for a proper baptism, and Dean snorts.
Dean goes still, then struggles to get free so he can see, but Cas is clinging, using him to stand up, the arms he has around them the only things keeping him upright, and Dean can't let him go now.
The Dean outside edges back around the corner of the building, Tsalia flat on her belly, and listens for the soft clatter of the closing door, Cas’s tuneless whistling as he and Vim wander back to their own cabin, and finally the silence that means he and his daemon can sneak away.
? "Yeah?" he manages finally, looking away from that frank, freakish stare. "What about the demons that attacked us today? Pretty sure
Dean had twitched despite himself - sure, Cas was an angel, but all the freakin’ same that was a part of Sam’s
“But we are,” Dean pointed out, bracing himself on his arms so he could lean back and look at him. “So sit down before you give yourself an aneurism.”
bobby passes out bottles of beer (and ginger beer for cas) at new year and they knock them together as bobby's arthritic old clock chimes twelve. bobby goes up first, bitching about "gettin' old and needing his beauty sleep - don't even think it, boy." sam chills with dean and cas for a bit, then announces he's going up too and elbows dean in the ribs. cas and dean sit in companionable silence for a while, then cas stirs, says he too is tired, and presses a quick kiss to dean's lips as he gets up. dean is too stunned to do anything other than blink after him.
“I know some of your sick brothers have kidnapped my daughter and are planning to do fuck-knows-what to her as we speak,” Dean says evenly. “And I know they’ve probably already killed Cas.”
"Nice peach fuzz," he teases, can't help himself, ticking a knuckle off Cas's jaw, and Cas blinks back at him with eyes that are ancient and weary and faintly stunned, like he can't quite believe Dean came looking for him.
Dean rolls his head sideways just to prove he can, squinting up at him. “Uh, no? Just got one hell of a lump on the back of my head. Ow.” Sam helps him up and he leans into him unashamedly. “What you
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah yeah, heard it all before. This huge, epic hate-on you guys have for him is kind of hilarious, actually. And whatever way you cut it, I’m pretty sure your Daddy ain’t gonna like being reminded of His kid’s death.
“I wanna unpack, maybe get some supper going,” Sam says, because it’s mostly true, and watches Dean roll his eyes at him and turn his grin on Cas. Cas follows him out to the car like he’s followed him everywhere, and Sam amuses himself imagining their sunlit drive, nothing but the rumble of the engine and the slide of the road under the wheels and Dean’s fingers tapping happy little drumbeats on the wheel.
Noise in the hall swelled again, and over it Dean heard a voice calling, “First-years, over here please! Come on over here, first-years!” He hauled himself out of his seat and down the length of the table to where a tough-looking boy with a shaved head was marshaling them all together. “Is that all of you?” he asked, looking over the table in case there were any stragglers, then nodded to himself. “Right then guys, I’m Caleb Anderson, and this is Rachel Milton,” the blonde girl next to him waved, glasses glinting in the candlelight, “and we’re the Hufflepuff senior prefects - you have a problem, you come to us, okay? We’re gonna take you up to the common room now, and then from there you can go up and find your dorms, which is where is all your stuff's gone, and unpack and everything before bed. Follow me.”
Kingdom Hospital crossover, in which Dean freezes at the sight of Otto all "You!" and Otto blinks at him and repeats bemusedly "Me?". Paul is slinky and actually helpful but Dr Gottreich's bones are kind of under the foundations and lot of concrete so maybe they have to go to the Old Kingdom, and then there's freakin' GIANT ANTEATER who SPEAKS (and kind of sounds like he's stoned) and then Cas pops up and is all "Anubis, I think you have lingered here long enough," and then its not an anteater but some goth kid with too-long hair and too much leather and eyeliner who examines them all with interest then tells Cas it's none of his damn business what he does.
belief that what we were doing was righteous and just, keeping them together." It's the bitterest Dean's ever heard him, even when God told them they were on their own and Cas went out and got drunk out his gourd; even in the future when he was strung-out and about as far from angelic as he could go.
Dean wakes with his mouth half-open in a silent yell. He turns his head to the side and Tsalia’s eyes shine back at him, one heavy paw soft on the crook of his arm, and she wriggles closer so she can butt her head in under his chin. He presses both hands to her flanks, burying his fingers in her fur and focusing on the rise and fall of her ribs under his palms until they’re breathing in sync.
“Not when he’s hogging all the hot water!” Sam answers cheerfully. “C’mon dude, before I pull the fire alarm and you have to stand outside in a towel for two hours while they check the place over.”
Cas snorts, looking amused, and Dean stares at him. This dude is definitely nothing like the Cas he knows. “Uh, so how come you-?”
“I need to pee,” Sam says bluntly. “And if you’re not out in the next two minutes I’ll do it in your bed.”
“Well none of the wards were broken or we’d know about it,” Bobby says, scratching vaguely at the back of his head where his cap itches. “Think it was just a dream, son.”
dean burns his mouth on coffee in the morning and pie in the evening. sam looks amused and impressed that he can burn his burns. dean tells him to shut up, his mouth is fine, they heal fast, it was probably just little scorched
cas gets more insistent and then violent after that, and eventually dean tells emmy to go see sam and watches dispassionately as cas throws himself against the ropes until his wrists are bleeding and he's sobbing, messy and raw and so very very human. the next morning they extinguish the circle, bandage cas's wrists, move emmy's cot to sam's room and carry on. weeks (and emmy's birthday (6th may)) pass and he gets worse, raving about how emmy stole his grace and if she'd just come closer he can take it back. she eyes him narrowly and clings to dean, and the next night dean makes her stay with sam and sits grimly by the door, angel blade across his knees, watching cas twist and scream on the bed, sometimes in languages dean doesn't know. a couple nights later emmy zaps in during the raving, cocks her head at cas, then zips to his side and presses a hand to his forehead, and he quiets immediately. she grins over at dean. after that, they start using her whenever cas gets difficult.
She scrabbles blindly at his tie, pulling it further and further open until it finally comes free, at which point she drops it unceremoniously down onto the floor. Cas has finally gotten the idea and her t-shirt is rucked up around his wrists as his hands roam up and down her sides and over her back, and she lifts her arms so he can strip it off. That, at least, he understands, and his eyes go gratifyingly wide when she immediately twists back to get her bra undone and pulls that off too.
Dean shakes his head. “Don’t think you can fix this, Sammy. Feels like it got me pretty good.” Even in the dark of the barn it’s clear his skin is leached white and clammy, and there’s an ominous liquid undertone to his breathing. “Just- stay. Please.”
When they find Cas, it's almost an anticlimax. One minute there's nothing, the next the ground is sloping downwards, stream whispering up ahead, and there's a figure crouched at the water's edge, poised for flight but currently at rest, water in his cupped palms and a deceptively cute white bird-daemon bathing in the shallows, feathers all fluffed up.
Sam comes back with a couple of WalMart bags and a burger, which he drops in the middle of the table.
So "Torn And Frayed" was...yeah, and while the next couple of updates should be soon, and focus on Sam between S7 and S8, and on Samandriel and the lengths he went to protect Alfie's daemon from the same torture he suffered, I felt that the boys deserved a break. This is set at some nebulous point not too far in the future when things are fine and dandy again and Cas is sticking around. : )
A sigh, and she sits up behind him, sheets rustling. “Dean. Look, I- I used to be a psychologist, before. Maybe I can help. Especially now, with Cas laid up - don’t think I haven’t noticed how much worse it’s gotten since he got hurt; he’s your second-in-command, you need him and he can’t be there right now, it must be tough-”
crowley pops up a few hours after dean’s back and eyes the baby like she's got tentacles, lurking in the doorway because of the warding and in case he sets off cas’s heavenly sensors (because it has to be cas killing the angels. they assume there are demons coming after her too, but they never see them. crowley tells them he warned them all they'd never make it, not when the child is a winchester and protected by god himself, but he doubts it did much good. still, they don't seem to be getting as close as the angels, even if dean does dream of azazel/lilith/meg/ruby/sam/the mother feeding the baby blood, or her dying in an explosion of grace, speared by a lucky angel.) sometimes she seems to be distraced, listening to things they can't hear, and sometimes she cries for no reason, soft and whimpering, and nothing will get her quiet.
was okay,” Dee corrects, peeling herself away from him to settle back against the car too. She doesn’t let go of his hand though. “It might be some kind of mutant physically for all we know.”
They get out the car and he takes another breath, clean air faintly scented with pine needles, a little cooler now. “Hey Cas. Got your ears on?”
"If you say so, Dean." But Cas's voice is warm, his expression fond. Dean smiles back at him, because damn right he says so.
And Cas is losing it, slow but sure; breathing faster, little catches to every exhale, and every thrust a little shorter as he presses himself in closer to her, forehead against hers. She’s never seen him sweat before, never even heard him breathe hard, but under her palms his skin is hot and she can feel the flex and curl of his spine, the swell and fall of his ribs.
“Don’t look at me, man,” Sam says, ambling up next to him and gnawing absently at the sad and skinny remains of his pear. “It was just there when I came down.” Dean, who’d been about to ask if Sam had wished for some kind of organic natural goodness or whatever for Christmas, closes his mouth.
Eventually Cas breaks the kiss, silently tips their foreheads together again, and Dean shifts his weight forward until Cas gets it and lets him topple them over and down. They end up on their sides, and Dean ducks his head into Cas's chest, breathes his absence of scent, listens to his (borrowed) heart beat, and hooks his leg up over Cas's hip. He hears Cas exhale, slow and steady, then feels his fingers give a final stroke of his cock and draw away, skimming over his thigh and back behind, over the swell of his ass cheek and down between.
He stays at Jody’s for the best part of two weeks, sleeping in a real bed and eating home-cooked food and wandering aimlessly around Sioux Falls when Jody’s out at work and the house is too quiet. Occasionally he gets recognised and told people are sorry for his loss, that Bobby seemed nice, that they were sorry to see him go. It’s all bullshit (and that’s what the Dean in the back of his head says with a sneer, low and furious,
"You don't have to do this," Cas says softly, and Dean shakes his head, takes a deep breath and raises the lube.
"the nephilim were born of human mothers, and were merely the result of mating when the angel was in a human vessel. there was no grace involved. regardless, when her grace was cut-off from the host, she was able to assuage that loss by tapping into the energy of her soul. in that regard she is very human, always willing to adapt and change. indeed, she seems content with it, and hasn't reached out to the host once."
at the end of the year, a few ex-deatheaters sneak in and one called lilith corners dean along with the slytherin prefect alastair somewhere, but cas rescues him. unfortunately, cas’s grandmother was a veela and combined with magical dna it manifests itself in wings and hot hands when he’s feeling strong emotions and dean ends up with a burn on his shoulder that can’t be healed. they become friends though, and dean mellows out cas’s intense desire to be a prefect while cas helps dean get over his fear of flying. this brings dean into more contact with balthazar and gabriel, but they’re actually okay.
Condemned!Cas, who was hauled up to Heaven after 7.02 for crimes against everything and the Winchesters are yanked up for his trial because they aided and abetted/the angels felt they should see the consequences
“Guess you wouldn’t be too impressed with me if I took her up on that, huh Cas?” he asks the ceiling, but falls asleep before he gets an answer.
overcompensating, all that macho bullshit, you know he loves getting fucked really. Yeah, I said it. ...You’re all gonna tell Jensen I said that later, aren’t you? [laughs]
The woman behind the reception desk is already creeped out when he gets there, staring warily at Iope - who ran ahead in their haste, too far ahead for normal people - and too quick to be pessimistic about the dog, her little bird-daemon fluttering uselessly around the room, but the vet is cool and calm and capable and her rat-daemon is already examining the dog by the time the receptionist chases him out, equal parts angry and scared.
“Well, count me in any time you wanna blow off any more steam, but can you maybe send Sam to Hawaii or something first?”
“Yeah, we, uh,” she glances down, fussing unnecessarily with the baby, hand smoothing down the length of his little body and making him splutter, nuzzling into her. “We’re gonna call him Bobby. Bobby John Winchester.”
It’s only when he passes the WELCOME TO SOUTH DAKOTA! sign and realises where he’s headed, instinctively and without conscious thought, and then he has to pull sloppily over (somewhere in the back of his head Dean tuts at him:
Dean spreads one hand flat over the long, smooth flight feathers where his stomach is. “So, feel better?”
Sam grumbles but doesn’t say anything else, and Dean is tempted to bang his head against the wall. He settles for arching back against Cas instead, and Cas drags his teeth over the outline of his fingertips in response, muffling Dean’s curse with his fingers again.
"It's 'gah'," Cas corrects, tone aiming for prissy but mostly just hitting resignation over terrible human pronunciation. "...But most likely yes."
Tsalia winds herself around his legs, and Dean laughs and stoops down to bury his face in her fur, listening to the familiar wheels-on-tarmac rumble of her purr. She pushes herself up on her hind legs so she can nuzzle their faces together, forefeet on his thighs, whiskers tickling his cheeks, his neck. He rakes his hands down her soft flanks, aware of the absence of the scars she’s carried since Hell. Her ears are both whole and unnotched, her eyes glowing gold and surrounded by unblemished skin.
The body crumples and Iope jumps free and onto Dean’s shoulders, little hands cupping his face. Sam feels the pins-and-needles wrongness of it washing over his own palms and up his arms but Tsalia is panting at his feet, eyes slitted half shut. Surely Dean just got knocked into the wall a bit hard, rattled his brains; they’re not as young as they used to be, after all. Sam starts towards him.
nice out here, in an ice queen, haunted forest kind of way, and she half expects to hear owls like in the movies, or see red eyes between the branches. But there's nothing, just the steady cold of the November night gradually eating into her legs until she feels like she's walking on popsicles, that if she falls over her the front of her legs will crumble into icy mush like a dropped ice cream.
"If that's what you'd like," Cas says, offering her the choice, and Adelaide nods gratefully. Dean slips out the door, and Cas gestures in front of her. "The kitchen's straight ahead."
Dean winces inwardly. Bad enough that a dragon crash-landed in their field and scared the shit out of their sheep, and now they have to lose one of the flock? (And where the dragon eats one it will probably eat more.) His father looms up in his mind’s eye, arms folded and telling him to refuse. But his father isn’t here.
"Thought she'd be a lioness, maybe, when I was a kid," Benny adds after a moment, watching Tsalia with the fire glittering in his eyes. He never apologises for it, and Dean never apologises for taking comfort in her, or worrying for her when they fight, or letting her fuss over him afterwards and grumble like Bobby about how he should learn to duck.
“Dee...” He’s staring at her - what’s new? - but it’s hard to read him in the dark like this; all she can see is the glitter of his eyes and the flicker of movement as he licks his lips. God, he has no clue how hot he is, she kind of hates him. One hand comes up, so careful, and just brushes her cheek, and she turns her face into it, hearing him huff in surprise. His palm settles against her jaw, thumb ghosting over the skin just under her lower lip, and she dips her head and catches it with her mouth. His breath stutters.
“As if that’s a real geographical feature,” Rufus snorts. “You just gotta imagine yourself over that way and you are. Hell, you just gotta imagine most anything and there it is.”
“That was...” Sam starts, running a hand through his hair. “That’s was a lifetime ago, Cas. I don’t even feel like I’m in the same
Sam shuts his eyes to it all and strains his ears for every breath Dean takes, aware that it’s a countdown, wanting to hoard every precious one, cup his hands under the hourglass and stop the sand falling through. He’s holding Dean’s hand against his chest, he realises, both palms pressing Dean’s to his heart.
) when he leaves, because regular trans-atlantic flights seems cruel. he sends them messages, when he needs to, via bobby, presumably by fire. when dean turn 17, he comes back to bobby’s in the summer to find the impala waiting for him outside. bobby assures him that john’s fine, he just thought it was time for a new car, and also that dean had come of age now in his world and therefore a present was needed.
"Motherfucker," Dean hisses eventually, knocking Cas's hand away because it feels like all his nerves are on fire and narrowing his eyes at him. "What did you do?"
. Again though, evil mind-reading genius, and Cas pulls off after a final curl of his tongue over the head, eyes on Dean, and rises up onto his knees, wings spreading to balance him, and - oh jesus - slides down onto him in one fluid motion. Goddamn freaking angels and their absolute control over their vessels, fuck.
"Be tired later," she says succinctly, voice rumbling like the Impala's engine under his cheek, and drops her head to nuzzle briefly at his jaw. "Now c'mon. Up."
It’s something like one in the morning when he arrives at the cabin, and he crashes out on the first bed he finds and sleeps like the dead. It’s only in the morning that he realises this is - was - Dean’s bed when they holed up here to wait for his leg to heal, and if he turns his face into the pillow in the futile hope that some remnant of his brother might still linger, there’s no one to see.
sam starts in dean’s third year. he’s in ravenclaw, and becomes unreasonably friendly with a slytherin in the year above called ruby (and her BFF Bela), as well as a girl in his own house called jess. dean’s little gang take fondly to him, especially ash and, to both of their annoyance, gabriel. at the end of the christmas term dean gets an owl that tells him they’re going to stay with dad’s friend bobby and, thoroughly mystified, they take the train back to kings cross, take a ministry car to the MoM and an international portkey directly to Bobby’s, to find that their father has fucked off god knows where and left them in bobby’s care, along with the talking portrait of their mother in her early twenties that’s all they have left of her.
Blood is the most difficult part, as much of Dean’s has soaked into the floor of the house in Indiana. Castiel is tired now, grace waning fast, but the mission must be completed. Dean’s heart stutters to life, electricity shooting along the rebuilt nerves, and with every beat more blood surges through the repaired vessels, circulates to the healthy new organs. In the dark of the coffin, Dean’s death-grey skin flushes with colour.
it, it’s kind of freaking out and I- it’s half-angel, what if it’s got grace, what if it’s being affected too?” Her voice catches, breaks, and she buries her face in his shoulder, breathes hot and fast enough for him to feel it through the layers.
Dean clears his throat, and the aviator startles, eyes snapping open. “Do you uh, want any help there? I’m- we’ve got medical supplies, for the animals, what do you-?”
A gangly kid edged out of line and up to the stool and Dean tuned out; “Barnes, Pamela” turned out to be the girl in front of him though, which snapped him back, dark haired and confident as she got Sorted into Gryffindor. Ash was next, looking remarkably calm, if kind of pale, and ended up in Hufflepuff, shoulders slumping in relief and grinning wide. "Bradbury, Charlotte" was also a Hufflepuff, but “Braedon, Lisa” went to Gryffindor, as did “Harvelle, Joanna” a little later, the blonde who’d beaten him and Ash to the boat.
Dean crosses the room in two strides, hoping desperately that all he finds in there is Emmy maybe out cold or tied up, cause as horrible as it sounds, it’s still better than-
"Like this?" Cas asks when he's got Dean's jeans and underwear down past his ass, freeing his cock to jut up right at Cas's eye level and making that steady gaze waver for just a second, Cas tongue darting out over his lower lip.
"They killed my mother!" Cas snarled. "Every fucking student who fought the Battle of Hogwarts went on to become a fucking Auror, and they're running out of Dark wizards to catch! They only take the best now! And I am not fucking being told I'm not good enough to hunt down shitspawn like them because I didn't try hard enough when I was at school!"
-” Cas sucks in a shuddery breath, hips shoving into Dean’s palm like he just can’t help himself, “Dean, Filch could have heard,
of family loyalty, and a decent amount of courage, especially where they’re concerned. Interesting. Hufflepuff would do you quite nicely, I think, but you aren’t so sure, are you?” Dean thought briefly of all the famous Aurors who’d been in Gryffindor; thought of his father, locked away in his study poring over their mother’s old school books and those he was gradually accumulating on the Dark Forces and the two Wizarding Wars. “Well, yes,” the hat agreed, “and you’re not wrong, you’d do perfectly well in Gryffindor, I just think Hufflepuff is a better fit. I will, of course, put you there if you wish, but Gryffindor is hardly the only house to produce great witches and wizards, and that is a rather silly thing to base your choice off. Yes? Well then, off you go to HUFFLEPUFF!”
A lantern was hanging above the crowd at the end of the platform - and then they got closer and Dean saw that no, it wasn’t hanging, it was held in a hand almost the size of his torso, and the patch of darkness he’d been thinking was a tree was actually the head of a man, hair tangled like a crown of leaves. Dean barely came up to his waist, and he was pretty sure he could have used one of the guy’s boots as a sleeping bag. This had to be Rubeus Hagrid; half-giant, hero of the Battle of Hogwarts and one of Harry Potter’s best friends.
"You've dealt with him in the past," Cas says, still flat and dispassionate, "and I recall he gave Bobby back the use of his legs of his own free will."
“I believe it's an angelic name,” Castiel continues, plucking sadly at his torn and bloodied sleeve and then shrugging his good shoulder and reaching for the rest of his buttons. “My mother is very devout. My older brothers, of course, got the more recognizable ones.”
The angel that used to be in charge of Dean steps forward, hand raised, and Emmy doesn’t move, staring fearlessly up at him with furious eyes, daring him to try it.
He’s got his head in his hands, Dean realises distantly, fingers curled tight enough to hurt, but he can’t really bring himself to notice or care about the pain. It’s just...inconsequential. Irrelevant. Because if this is a world, a universe, without Cas in it, then everything is irrelevant right now.
poor bethany eventually finds out about the supernatural side of things when a group of crazy satanists/lucifer loyalist demons/witches break into their house and sam's reaction is to yell for his niece, who suddenly appears in the hallway and blows them all up. despite this, beth does marry sam, and they have several kids, the oldest of whom is a boy called seth, whose adventures with the adult emmy can be read
He continues talking, low and rambling through memories, and Cas lists aginst his shoulder, eyes shut, breathing gently fading out.
She almost misses the turning in her preoccupation with whether anyone's ever had half their legs amputated from frostbite, but the absence of tree-shadows on her left finally registers and she squints down it. That's definitely a house at the end, and the drive is wide and solid-packed dirt, ruts snaking outwards where cars have driven up and down it from the road.
Cas's eyes bore holes into his head for a few seconds more, then he closes them and slumps. "Alright. If you're certain."
bobby and sam get there a few hours later, and cas wakes up in the middle of the night and scares the shit out of dean when he wakes up and finds cas staring at him and emmy (who's sleeping in with dean because there's no way he's letting her out of his sight tonight) from the doorway. cas is fine though, bar his new scars ("add them to the collection" dean tells him fondly, kissing one palm, and cas's fingers curl up against his cheek), and that is the last time anything of that nature happens.
“Oh wow,” he says, eying Dean up and down like he’s a puzzle piece that won’t fit. “Sorry, I thought-”
"It's a nice thought, Dean," Cas says, "but again, it would be naming him after aspects of Heaven. Also, he's his own...personality, he needs his own name."
The door opens, spilling light out towards her like a beacon, and a man hurries out onto the porch, followed by something small and fast and four-legged that she identifies as a dog after a second when a bigger one follows it; he calls them to heel with a quick
“Sure do, sweetheart,” Dean says drunkenly, not quite sure which way’s up anymore. “What can I say, Heaven likes me.”
“Yes. I got it yesterday, it’s Enochian; it hides me from the angels.” He throws a glance at the body of the reaper. “But not, sadly, from anything else.”
The conversations of the other students picked up as they entered, and Dean tried to look at nothing but the girl in front of him as they filed between the tables, laid with golden plates and cutlery which reflected the light. The ceiling above them was dotted with stars, and between it and the tables hovered banks of candles, their soft light warming the room. They came to a halt facing the teachers, Dean skipping his eyes along them and naming them in his head, trying to ignore the feel of hundreds of eyes boring into his back; Hagrid, looking like he was in a dollhouse; Professor Sprout, her hair coming loose from under her hat; Professor Trelawney, glasses and beaded necklaces reflecting the candlelight; Professor McGonagall, right in the middle, sleek silver hair shining and watching them with polite but sharp eyes.
"Hey, Cas, hey, don't you dare," Dean says, low and furious, one arm around Cas's waist and the other hand on his chest, and Cas rolls his head sideways and off Dean's shoulder, letting them brace him so he can lift it. His eyes are hazy, but he blinks and they clear a little.
There’s definite shape to the air now, lithe and feline and getting clearer every second, coalescing like smoke. Dean’s soul is shocked into stillness, thrumming with remembered grief and still unwilling to believe, and if Castiel could spare the grace it would go towards once more trying to convince him that this is truly real.
“What’re you so Cheshire Cat about, huh?” Dean asks, and Sam cuts his eyes to him and shakes his head, smile widening.
"Dean, Dean, hey," she says, head butting under his chin until he looks down at her, and she repeats, slow, "where's the knife?"
“You’re not ‘allowing’ us to do jack shit, Cas. One of us is Michael’s meatsuit, one of us is Lucifer’s. Doesn’t take a genius to figure out what happens to the loser.”
“Yeah, but it’s the thought that counts.” And he wraps his fingers around the lapels of Cas’s coat, pulls him in and kisses him.
“Dude, what did we tell you about keeping the happy dreams to yourself?” he says, which means war because
"Sure I can. I mean, no daemon's born named, right? The parents' daemons name 'em, when the parents name the kid. So, we'll name him. He's...he's like the human bit of you, right? Well that's mostly our fault, so."
"Ha ha," Sam answers, breaking the handshake and stepping back so the guy can offer his hand to Dean.
Iope stays huddled on the floor, arms wrapped around herself, preserving the memory of Tsalia’s warmth. Sam gently, carefully lowers Dean’s hand back to his side, then gives in to the impulse to gather Dean into his arms, muffling his sobs into his shouder.
Dean tears his eyes away from the milkmaids and crouches down to dip a tentative finger in one of the buckets. “It’s
With the final aftershocks Dean sways into his supporting arm, head dropping lower, and Cas’s hands come up to brace his hips as he hollows his cheeks and gently draws away. Dean’s shoulders twitch at what must be too much sensation, and when Cas finally sags back against the wall himself the hand that Dean’s been keeping behind his head slips down over the nape of his neck and comes to rest bracketing one side of his throat, thumb resting right in the hollow of it. One side of Cas’s mouth curls up in a smirk and he rolls his eyes up to meet Dean’s, rolls his tongue out over his lower lip and leaves it wet. He shifts just a little, spreading his knees, and presses the heel of one hand to his dick, eyes fluttering. Dean’s thumb slides up higher over his throat, then his whole hand slots round across Cas’s neck and Cas arches his hips up, lets his mouth fall open.
“Smartasses don’t get laid,” she informs him, probably undermining it by rolling her hips down against him on her next breath. He curls his fingers, clutching at her waist and leaning up to kiss her again.
that incident is too much though. sam knows what he saw, what he heard, and something is wrong with dean. he relays everything to bobby, who is also concerned, and they return to his.
Iope turns to look at them, fur all fluffed up in misery, and jumps down onto the floor, moving skittishly like she isn’t sure she’s allowed and leaping up right at the end of the bed. Tsalia crawls down on her stomach and wraps herself around her, and Iope curls into her, little fingers burrowing into her fur.
dean injures his ankle/wrist and fuck does it hurt. he ices it and stares glumly at the blooming purple and red bruise, the swelling, and takes two painkillers, sacking out fully dressed on top of the covers. when he wakes he feels pretty terrible, but the drugs and ice have done their jobs; the bruising’s faded to blue and the swelling’s down, must only be a sprain
Cas’s hands move, grabbing at Dean’s hair, fingers curling into it, running down the back of his neck and along his jaw and over his shoulders like he can’t bear to keep them still, and from the other side of the window Dean watches his counterpart’s grip soften, the kiss gentle and break. Cas opens his mouth, eyes glittering, but Dean’s hand tightens again, just long enough to shake him silent. Cas shrugs, a loose movement of his shoulders, and then he sort of...
the town drunk with a house was full of demonology books and obscure religious texts has an iron-clad panic room in his basement, crazy son-of-a-bitch - and the money they get from eventually selling Rufus' place, they buy a small little run-down farm.
Bobby, Bethany knows, is kind of their adopted father, especially since their actual father died a good few years ago. He’s pretty much exactly what she expected, down to the trucker hat and beard; he pulls Sam into a brief hug, Emmy scampering away across the grass, and nods politely to Bethany when Sam introduces her, quirking a smile and pronouncing her “the one who’s been keepin’ Sam outta trouble.”
eventually cas looks up at him. "dean-" dean raises his eyebrows. "this is all so-" he shakes his head, takes a deep breath. "i know bobby has alcohol in the house. just a glass, dean, please. this is so much to absorb-"
“Joshua,” Emmy says succinctly, looking up at him. “He waited, after you came in. He has great faith in you, Da.”
killjoys AU! Sam and Dean (Morningstar/Blood Junkie (Dean thinks it's funny) and Hellblazer, or more commonly, Morn and Blaze) run an autoshop out in the middle zones, fixing up vehicles (and other mechanical stuff) and repurposing/cannibalizing Drac bikes. Cas (Hell's Angel) was a Drac who got Dean out when the scarecrows caught him; he told Dean his full name, but since he's a wanted man Dean mostly calls him Thursday (Sam is a mythology geek, their mother used to tell them stories about angels). Bobby is their Dr D, Ash usually his messenger unless it's his step-daughter Jo (who kind of has a thing for Dean). They've a shifting roster of "angels" who go into Battery and get them stuff they need, never the same one twice.
"Is this going to be a problem?" Rufus asks, steely, leaning over the back of the chair, and Dean starts to shake his head.
,” Sam says, looking like he’s torn between rolling his eyes and trying not to laugh. “They’re turtle doves.”
," Cas breathes, arching herself into Sam's touch, and Sam gently presses her back down without stopping.
The scorchmarks Cas left on the banister as he inched his way up the stairs to Dean looked like dirty fingerprints, and walls and door lintels on the way to the Hospital Wing suffered the same fate, little red embers glowing in every fingerprint. By the time Dean knocked urgently on the door Cas was sagging  behind him and swaying on his feet, and Dean was worried that at any moment he’d feel Cas’s hot, burning fingers on his shoulder as he struggled to keep his balance, and then he’d end up with
"Hmm," Cas allows, eyes going distant again as he thinks it over, sorting through the myriad languages in his head.
BUT THEN there's a hunt or something and cas turns up, takes one look at dee, and goes still and says, very very measured and calm "deanna, why didn't you tell me you were with child?" and dee laughs a little hysterically and is all "hahaha that's not funny you'renotlaughingohgod" and sam catches her when her knees go
surprised!Cas, who genuinely only loves Dean in the only way he knows, which is devoted but strictly non-sexy, and Dean has his Big Gay Crisis and then corners Cas and asks if he likes him, and Cas blinks at him all "Of course I like you, Dean" and Dean runs his hands though his hair and is all "No, I mean like like" and Cas frowns, aware he's asking something serious but unable to quite parse it because it's never even occured to him, and they go a few more rounds of Dean not really saying what he means, and then finally he just lunges forward and kisses Cas. It's clumsy and awkward and leaves Cas eyeing him in perplexity while absently touching his mouth, and the he says slowly "No Dean, I have never wanted to do that to you," but not in a negative way, just because he never even thought of it. Um, and then they're all awkward until Cas kisses Dean weeks later and then they go on ~voyages of sexual discovery~ together (at first Cas is weird about actually letting his body do stuff by itself, so Dean has to jerk off in front of him and tell him how good it feels and what he wants Cas to do to him to get him interested).
“My dad’s a Muggle, so yeah,” he said defiantly, daring Isaac to make something of it, but Isaac just held his hands up, smiling again.
“You wanna hand?” Dean asked, watching him struggle, and the kid grinned and shoved his hair out of his eyes.
Dean's whole body snaps taunt, switch flipped somewhere in his hindbrain and suddenly he doesn't care that he was
“That’s not so bad,” Sam soothes, trying to scrabble for his cell without moving too much cause it makes him hack up what feels like his lungs. “And I mean, Cas said it was okay, right?”
Cas makes a vague noise of assent. Sex always robs him of the ability to speak for a bit, and though he doesn’t fall asleep, he does go all drowsy and adorable.
“Guess someone needs to,” Dean agrees after a moment of processing that. “So what, you want us to install you up in Rufus’s cabin and leave you there to ‘collate’?”
then crowley turns up - he's been hiding out in the bowels of hell, with the things that were around before gods and angels - and he takes one look at dean and goes all wide-eyed and sucks in a breath through his teeth. "that's not good"
"Locusts, boils and blood - is this the plague of frogs, except she got it wrong?" Sam asks as they walk down the garden path, and Dean flings frustrated hands out.
“My parents are visiting my brother up in London; he’s at Oxford,” Dean says, fighting the urge to bristle at the mocking quality to St Claire’s tone. He has every right to be annoyed at Dean’s accusations of treachery; after all, he came to his nationality by no fault of his own. Not all of Dean’s suspicions are yet assuaged, however; the French are untrustworthy bastards. “Can I ask what happened to you?” he adds boldly, as St Claire shucks his coat and makeshift tourniquet, wincing.
set during sixth year (so about the same time as the previous chapter actually), when Cas was getting really stuck in to the prefect thing
“Let’s give them a moment alone,” Sam stage-whispers to Cas, dumping his bags on the porch as he gets the keys out and unlocks the door, and Cas follows him in looking vaguely bemused, glancing back every few steps. “Don’t forget your bags, Dean!” Sam adds, sticking his head back out the door, and gets a scoffing hand in reply.
Eventually he lets the spirals trail off and drags his hands out and up over her stomach. "Sam," Cas protests, hips lifting shamelessly, and Sam huffs a laugh and gets his hands back on her hips, gently urging her forward again.
them, but he learned pretty quickly that the sexy librarian thing is a weakness of Dean’s, so he wears them out to work sometimes because he’s a devious bastard.)
Dean rouses, manages to shake their joined hands. “Hey. Don’t you follow me any time soon.” His voice is fading, drowning, but he taps their hands to Sam’s chest, brushing past Iope to knock against his ribs, his heart. “’M not really leaving you.”
something something sam wonders off, and doesn’t seem to get dean’s anger when he comes back. “but, you said-”
And then a few months in she just upped and vanished, scaring Dean sick that demons had got her despite the lack of evidence, until he met up with Sam again all those months later and found her crouched on his shoulder, tail flicking from side to side and acting like she’d never done anything different.
"You're not the only person who lost someone in the War, Cas! They'll choose Aurors by who's the best at duelling and concealment and shit, pratical spells, not by who was given the most power at school!"
Cas was still not looking at him, apparently waiting for him to make the first move, so Dean sat on the edge of the bath and rolled his trousers up to his knees, then dropped his legs down to skim the bubbles with his toes, kicking idly at the bigger ones as they went by. “Stop being an ass, Cas.”
The next day seems normal until the evening, when they take Bobby out for a drink and a particularly raucous bachelorette party abducts Dean. He can’t really complain, since they’re all young and hot and keep buying him drinks, but he keeps catching glimpses of Sam and Bobby laughing at him. At least Bobby seems in a better mood.
Ollie raises his eyebrows. "Surely you know that recent events have been much prophesied, Dean. The apocalypse is not an event taken lightly."
I promise I am actually working on the one about Sam's lost year/time with Amelia, but writing's been...hard these last few months, so that fact that the new eps are actually making me want to write stuff means I seize the opportunity with both hands.
"Wow, so your milkshake brings all the monsters to the yard, huh?" Charlie asks, quirking an eyebrow as she takes a sip of her cocktail, umbrella threataning to fall out of her hair until she holds it in place.
"You-" Dean twists to blot his cheek against one shoulder of his jacket. Cas's hand slips down over his chest, brushing against his shirt, and Dean frees one hand to catch it, fingers locking tight like he can anchor Cas to life if he holds hard enough.
the moment would be. Because...” Cas falters. Emmanuel croons, rubs his head against Cas’s, and then drops down to the ground in a flurry of feathers. “Because I wasn’t sure what true happiness would even look like for me. Because the one thing I wanted, I knew I could never have.”
, body arching and falling like a wave against Dean’s, and Dean’s hand pushes up from his throat to his jaw, canting his head up for another kiss, then it slides down again and urges him onto his knees.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs and flicks the new match, dropping it to the ground in the same motion. The holy oil flares. “Wasn’t sure you’d answer.”
“He’s right, somebody needs to take over all Bobby’s shit,” Sam says. “Not just the info gathering, the FBI faking and stuff, and the hooking hunters up with stuff they need.”
Sam had looked kind of hunted, and um-d and ah-d a lot, but had eventually elaborated that Dean was shorter than him and worked as a mechanic. Asking the apparently innocent question of how they’d come to have Emmy had made Sam look even shiftier and say carefully that she was Dean’s biological child, but he’d had been weirdly evasive about any further questions so she’d eventually given up.
, but he doesn't get a chance before Cas is on him, one hand cradling the back of Dean's head and the other palming him through his jeans while Dean grabs for whatever fabric he can reach and anchors Cas in close, still not quite used to the way Cas just
“Perhaps it’s time you start delegating to others,” Risa says carefully, pretending she hasn’t heard the naked emotion in his voice. “Just because Cas is...out of action doesn’t mean you’re alone, Dean. There are other people who can help: me, Chuck, Ben, Garett, Kaleigh... I know it’s not the same, but we can take some of the pressure off you, stop you from feeling so...overwhelmed.”
Cas huffs against his skin. Dean closes his eyes. “Alright, fuck, I’m-” he can’t bring himself to say ‘coming’. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
A rush of air and the three of them are in front of the panic room, Bobby falling back just enough to let Sam through first, his feet further scuffing the angel-proofing in the doorway as he crosses the few steps to the bed. There's a bloody anti-angel sigil on the wall above it, apparently Cas's concession to leaving to get Sam and Bobby, and below it his sister is propped up on pillows with her shirt unbuttoned and a tiny, naked baby cupped to her chest.
“Gabriel and Michael,” he corrects, sliding his good arm free of his shirt. “Michael is the elder but chose to go to the Church, where I’m told he does much good; Gabriel has taken up the mantle of layabout heir in his stead.”
Tsalia goes still, ears pricked, and Dean follows her when she steals over to the side of one of the cabins. There’s a giggle from round the corner, and Dean chances a look, Tsalia hunkered down on her stomach and doing the same.
The house is now just a smouldering wreck, the upper floor totally gone and the lower just marked by the chunks of wall still standing. The bodies were found in the basement, where the explosion originated, but Forensics isn’t confident they’ll be able to do anything with them, given they’re little more than ash and charred bones. “Gasoline,” one of them murmurs with a shake of the head, and Dean swallows down his nausea and prays the poor bastards were dead at the time.
. Dean's instinct is to wrap his legs around him and sink his hands into his hair and never let him go, but he's hampered by the jeans still round his thighs and Cas's twitchy dislike of hands in his hair, so all Dean can do is fist his hands in the sheets and arch into his mouth, try and press himself closer to the heat of it, the warmth, the rough drag of Cas's tongue and the low-level tug and pull as he sucks.
, and Dean’s pretty sure you’re not supposed to take weapons out of stab wounds in case they’re all that’s holding back the fatal damage - but there’ll be a hell of a lot more fatal damage if he doesn’t kill the bitch right freaking now.
Dean’s braced to take his weight but it’s still a shock and he barely manages to turn it into a controlled collapse, Cas in his arms with his head fallen sideways onto Dean’s shoulder.
"Hey Castiel-" Dean starts, and that's as far as he gets before Cas is in front of him in a rush of air and wingbeats. Dean grins at him conspiratorially, opens his mouth to say
"I won't be complicit in exposing you to further traumatic memories," Cas says evenly, but there's a hint of elemental force under the words. "And worse, I won't have you associating me with them."
"But like I said, I can't prove anything," Cas said with the slightest shrug, "and then it'd go down on my record as 'complaining about my peers' or 'falsely accusing my fellow prefects of malicious-' mmph!"
"yeah, that's what babies do. grow." cas keeps on staring, and emmy keeps on staring back. figures; they're probably mind-melding or whatever. "her name's mary ellen. we call her emmy."
"Dean," Cas says, low and amused, and Dean gets his hands all over him again just cause, Cas warm and solid and very definitely alive under his hands. "Are you going to take me home, or just molest me in public until you have to arrest yourself for indecency?"
It's motherfucking glorious, too fast to be teasing but too slow to be rushed, and Dean's riding the upward surge of orgasm just nicely when Cas laps over the head, hot and velvet-soft and amazing, then pulls away. Dean possibly makes a broken little sound and grabs for him, and Cas huffs, leans his cheek against Dean's inner thigh, and strokes his thumb over that strip of thin, sensitive skin just behind Dean's balls. "May I try something?"
“If that would enable to you pursue the lives you want to,” Cas says evenly, stare as intent as ever. “Of course, I would rather be with you.” He switches his eyes to Sam, including him too. “Loneliness is not an experience I enjoy.”
? Cause I feel like I should be in the nearest church now appologising for not really believing any of that crap," her eyes dart from side to side like some angel's gonna pop up and smite her, "and I
There’s a pause while they both process the fact that Dean never uses pet names unless he’s talking to his car. “See you soon,” Cas says finally, voice gone rich and low, and Dean just nods and ends the call, rubs both hands over his wet cheeks even though he knows it’s a lost fucking cause.
turn up behind him? - a strong, certain voice like turning pages and history dates says, "Thank you, Dean Winchester."
“Yeah well lady, my job’s on an upswing,” he mutters, thinking about the vampire world domination plan and the skinwalker sleeper cells and now this whole ‘Mother’ thing. It doesn’t really bear thinking about for too long though, so he shoves it all aside and zaps the channels round until he finds gunshots, then settles in and turns his brain off. In the corner of his eye, Cas is watching the screen intently.
"No," he says finally, as Dean wriggles out of his jeans and shucks his boots and socks, and Dean straightens up.
The angel wearing Mrs Graham is still watching Dean, but from where she’s standing the angle of his body hides both the small movements of his finger and the clenching of his arm to coax out a little more blood. He keeps his eyes on the floor, doing everything by touch and hoping like hell he’s right, only half-faking the fluttering of his eyelids and the hitches in his breathing as the pain in his arm comes and goes and the need to draw a proper deep breath becomes more and more persistent.
They rush to support him and he wraps both arms around them, murmurs "Boys," and leans his forehead against Dean's shoulder. Dean doesn't even mention it, just hugs him back, as tight as he can bring himself to now that Cas is human and fragile.
he’ll be making, not even the deliberate ones, just the slick sound of wet skin as he sucks, lets the other Dean fuck his mouth as he gets close-
“Dean...” Jo says quietly, “do you want me to phone the uh, the airport? To check? I mean, it might not- he-”
A second later his knees go, and they brace him down, exchanging frantic looks. But he's human now, and they've both seen enough of death to recognise dying when they see it.
“Yeah, but that was the Apocalypse, and I figured he just said that to soften the blow of telling us God didn’t give two craps. And how do you know anyway, that was three years before you were even born!”
) and the car makes what is unmistakably a death-rattle and then stubbornly refuses to do anything else. "Mother
"Away from that thing," she answers, flicking her head at the motionless hulk of the bat out of hell. "Everything eats everything here, we gotta go before we're on the menu too."
[Jen and Misha are taking the opportunity to rehearse the wall-slams with the stunt dudes while they aren’t needed on set.
Cas blinks slowly at him, apparently considering this information, then his fingers slip up and brush over Dean’s dick. Dean twitches because seriously, sensitive, even if he’s not exactly complaining that Cas is apparently so keen to go again cause clearly he’s
Dean keeps himself still as he wakes, coherent enough to realise she’s whispering for a reason and not wanting to draw attention to himself. He turns his head carefully towards hers. “Yeah?”
“Dean, why are you out of bed?” Cas asks, coming back towards him, and Dean grins at him from under the rakishly-angled tinsel circle on his head.
Eon/Eona AU. Dean is the crown prince, Cas summoned as the latest angel to the court, Ruby is Lady Dela (she spends most of the second half in a man's body because they're on the run, and Cas starts in Claire's body) and Sam gets to be Riko/the second prince. Crowley is probably Lord Ido (though they need him more because he knows about Purgatory than to train Cas), and Nick was John's brother who's been possessed by the long-lost archangel Lucifer, with YED as his lieutenant. Gabe and Anna are the heads of the resistance, and Balthazar was Cas's friend at the palace who he told to get out while he could. Instead of the chain of pearls, Cas intends to open Purgatory and use that power to defeat Lucifer.
They stop at a ramshackle little autoshop that’s far too similar to Singer Salvage for a replacement windshield, and Sam pays in cash and a week’s assistant labour, though it’s really nothing more than a few hours worth of tinkering with those rustbuckets not yet too broken down to function. The owner’s another old guy with stained and worn overalls and a truly epic mustache, but he asks no questions and offers Sam his squeaky, dangerously spring-filled couch to sleep on, and a share of his surprisingly good cooking. Sam spends half a night on the couch being poked in multiple places and trying not to move lest he set off the spring symphony, before relocating to the back seat of the car, which is a million times more comfortable and smells like leather and gun oil and home.
Next to him, Tsalia makes a throaty, approving noise, a cross between a growl and a purr, and yep, that’ll do it. She’s lying against the wall of the cabin, eyes half-lidded, as inscrutable as the her counterpart earlier, and Dean scrubs a hand through his hair, staring down at her. After a moment she lifts her eyes to his, one ear flicking in lieu of raising an eyebrow. He scowls, mouths
“Okay fine, what do you suggest we do, huh? Take the crazy angel with us on the road, wait for him to get pissed at us and scramble your brains again? Wait for him to get copied by the leviathans so they get angel powers on top of everything else? Or maybe if we’re lucky he’ll just go on another homicidal rampage through an office block, or kill us in our sleep.”
“So I can train it to hunt with us,” Sam says, looking over at Dean, then at Cas. “I’m pretty sure it could take down anything we could throw at it. And it could be a guard dog too, here and if, I don’t know, we ever have to leave the car in a shady neighbourhood or something.”
