”Jesus,” he breathes, falling back against the door. ”You can’t do that, Cas. Seriously, this is just out of bounds for me. I mean I gotta give it to ya,
Even Sam looks hesitant at that point. Which is like, alright, it has indeed been established several times (after several hand-shaped flour marks slapped onto Cas’ ass) that Dean is both the master chef and star baker of this household. It’s definitely not Cas’ forte, nor one of his celestial superpowers.
Now, Dean Smith really likes his life. He’s a well-respected dude with a nice office and he gets to tell people what to do. But Cas talking to the salesman that morning? Maybe he kind of wants some more of that. That is to say, um, maybe some more
Sam clicks into his laptop, the screensaver being the logo of the university he graduated from last year. Such a nerd. ”Did he know anything about why it happened?”
Dean swallows, imagines yet again his teeth and tongue against his skin. The way he’d look at him with that ruggedly handsome expression. Imagines the way he could use those powers for much more pleasurable events than redecorating a goddamn motel room. (With great angel power comes great angel responsibility.)
He looks doubtful. Dean wants to kiss the wrinkle on his forehead to see if he can make it go away. He wants to let the kisses travel down his tired face.
used to it; he’s also kind of agonizingly adorable to the point Dean has to loudly sigh inwardly each time he looks at him, which is only a
“What are you gonna be? The Incredible Nerd,” Dean suggests followed by a chuckle; at least he can be his own audience.
Dean glares down at his toolbelt - it needs to have a serious talk about interruption - then picks it up and answers Support.
Are there bigger things to worry about? Yes there are, but fear not because somehow, he’ll find room for worrying about that too.
so you do that whole thing when you push me up against the wall and be all hot and shit.” He flicked his eyes back at him, explaining with intent. “Angry sex in the end is the only good thing about screwing up. It should follow immediately after.”
Dean keeps his eyes locked at him, feeling like they might just be portraying sadness, or dread. The wind whips at him and maybe it’s the reason he feels like they might just betray him and start tearing up.
Dean’s stomach jumps. God, okay, listen. His eyes are shooting daggers - sharper than what’s digging into Dean’s back, sharper than blades he has in his belt, which he currently can’t reach to fend for himself - and still.
”Touchy,” Cas comments with a small smirk, and yeah, Dean is definitely not going to bother being frustrated. He’s too tired. It’s too much effort. And maybe that’s exactly the reason he
“Okay, you got me.” Dean grabbed his collar and pulled him towards the bedroom. ”Angry sex. Right now, you wonderful angel son of a bitch, so you’re right about that
for crying out loud. Dean is just a daytime mechanic who likes to cut up some bad guys in his spare time. He doesn’t mess with übermensch powers. He’ll leave that to the particularly shitty villains, and he’s been dealt a few. (He doesn’t have the name Demonblade without reason. It’s a story for another time. Or not.)
Dean roars, soaked in desperation, much like the man is soaking him in his blood, shaking in his grip.
”I’m well aware,” Cas practically growls, struggling with the function of his belt. ”There weren’t that many along the way worth the… hassle. But I’ll have you know it’s been centuries.”
He happily took his phone back while Sam conspired, and then he noticed Dean had texted another message.
A-million-and-one scenarios flash through Dean’s mind. The amount of positions… the amount of games, words, toys, techniques he’s stumbled upon...
Dean chuckles quietly to himself. ”Compliments.” He makes a woosh-sound with a swipe of his hand over his head, symbolizing the compliments flying. ”It’s a good thing you’re cute, buddy,” he concludes.
He puts his hand on the back of Sam’s chair, steadying himself. He breathes out heavily as the information sinks in. ”You think Jorgenson in the pic is an heir to Jorgenson of today?”
His head spins like it’s going in an orbit around the Earth and back, getting to feel him, hear him, taste. He can’t believe he lucked the fuck out like this.
”Then you’ll be happy to know it won’t happen. I think his bitterness would affect how he tastes.” Cas shrugs. ”Anyhow, you heard the big man. Back to work, Wesson.”
“Hey!” Dean protests. “I don’t like your version anymore. No, see now, Cas, it’s all about wanting to have a good
A bell dings above his head and the room smells fucking heavenly. All around him is a jungle of flowers of different kinds and colours, green leafs spilling over ceramic pots. He blinks around himself, dazzled, imagining what Castiel would like. Would he like
”I try to be.” Dean smiles at his simple silliness. ”I would like to discuss the next plan of action, now that it’s nighttime once more. Are you decently dressed?”
”So,” Dean starts, crossing his arms and making a half-assed attempt at collecting himself again, ”you’re not just staring at that for
They seem to not even know what to say at that point, which just makes the whole thing even worse. Dean starts to kind of panic as he scavanges in his mind for any offhanded joke at all. Maybe not about his otherworldly sense of conversating finally making sense, or his ethereal, celestial beauty.
”Yeah, yeah. Formalities, greetings, hola señor.” He collects himself and huffs a breath. ”Are you going to tell me how you got into my phone?” He studies Castiel’s face. ”You know what. Girl’s gotta have her secrets. I bet I wouldn’t understand even if you tried to explain.”
Dean cocks his head at him, the slender, strong body wrapped in the idiotic trenchcoat, face lit up by a nearby neon sign. The mask around his eyes seemingly makes his eyes even bluer with the contrast of that pitch blackness. If Dean was to say he’d never had a fantasy about a guy dressed like this, he’d be lying. Straight up.
Dean looked at him in such a way, as if he’d just caressed his cheek, gentle and affectionate; eyelashes fluttering as his face softened into a crooked smile. ”Cas, I—”
The victimized man in the room starts making strained noises behind Dean, reminding him with a start of his presence. They sound inhuman, whimpering, gurgling. He puts his knives away and runs up just as the man falls to his knees.
”You’re also…” Eyes fleeting to Dean’s lips; it’s like he feels it rather than sees it. He burns. ”Remarkable.”
”Alright, awesome,” Dean grins, triumphant and mischievous. He resists a yawn. ”Hey, do angels sleep?”
“Oh… hey.” Dean chuckles, sleepy and content. His voice is a little sluggish, like when he’s had too many beers to numb whatever was occupying his mind. “Hey, Cas. Whatcha doing? Here… Wanna do something? Heh.”
it feels when he puts his lips over the tip, as is also evident by how Cas bites his lip and tips his head back, somewhere above him. He sucks on the head and hums, swirls his tongue, feeling totally blissed the fuck out.
”Hello, Thunderbird,” Sam says through the speaker and Castiel flicks his eyes up at Dean, who in turn makes sure to look certain. ”If you remember, we talked yesterday. I’ve found some info about the case that could be helpful.”
In the quiet of the night, the bulb in the lamp post next to Dean suddenly shatters and falls in a glitter around him when the other black-clad vigilante appears, seemingly out of nowhere.
Castiel kisses him. It makes Dean’s stomach jump, and for a second he forgets to close his eyes, staring at him as their lips close. His legs turn to fucking jelly and oh my fucking god, he’s kissing him and Dean is kissing back and Dean is wrapping his arms around him so he can’t let him go.
God, he just wants everything. All at once. And he can’t have any of it because they’re on a roof and they’re very exposed to danger and logically not even supposed to be referring to each other by first names.
of years old.” Dean pats Castiel half-heartedly on the shoulder, opposite him at their small kitchen table. ”No offense, baby.”
by the Beach Boys was one of those Dean hadn’t heard in years. He hadn’t even thought too much about the lyrics until Castiel had pointed it out. If it wouldn’t be nice to be older, to not have to wait so long, and
He’ll stick to reveling in the fact Castiel’s hand still around his wrist, but god, it can’t end like this. He won’t allow it to.
”If that wasn’t just a figure of speech: no, I doubt it,” Cas muses and Sam snorts again. ”I also don’t think he’d be complaining to begin with.”
to him as a lullaby when he was just a little shit in the crib, so somehow those chill vibe 60’s bands bring back something that feels terribly close to fondness, accompanied by some sort of warmth blooming in his chest. (They’re very different from what his dad ended up raising him on, anyway, the kind of songs that rather made him want to raise hell sometimes. Um, but preferably not literally.)
”I told you, I trust you. I don’t lie, unlike humans.” And Dean tries to not read too much into that. ”And we’re
as he sinks down in a vertical seat (he likes to have the easiest escape route already planned and this way it doesn’t trap him beside an old lady taking three years to move out of the aisle seat) and leans back against the window, tilting his head back with a sigh, black headphones on to cancel out the surrounding world. The cold surface prickles his skin, keeps him from dozing off, hands slack on his jeans-clad knees that are sore just the same as the rest of him.
by ZZ Top, because Dean’s daily life is basically a playlist and he could have definitely imagined it.
The murderer puts on a fake coy expression. ”Is this when I have my grandiose villain explanation moment?”
”Surprisingly, no.” His knuckles caress their way back up, rounding a defined bicep. ”Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a crap.”
“Well, bud. They kind of like someone so much they just wanna be with them, right? Uh, you tell him, Sammy.”
Dean is good at breaking into safes. He guesses he’s not too good at working invisible codes, though, so what the hell? How can this chucklehead (scary, bossy chucklehead) be such a pro at something that logically should be, uh, goddamn impossible?
To a sound of surprise, Cas grabs Dean’s thighs and hauls him up effortlessly, his face burning up hot as he drops him on the bed where he bounces down. But Dean is a quick thinker, oh yes, instantly pulling Cas on top of himself so that he almost staggers. Dean’s grinning, maybe manically, wrapping his legs around him with the urge of wanting him inside immediately.
”Okay, you know what.” Sam took the phone and put it away into his pocket. ”You’re banned from that. No more texting, young man.”
And, so what, if every single night together is their possible last one on Earth? Totally doesn’t mean it should be an excuse to take a midnight trip to a motel and bang, just for the hell of it, one last hurrah. Hide the anxiety in the friction between cotton and latex, gasps and whimpers, hard and mellow. No, totally, this is purely professional now. No matter how much Dean wants to.
Dean keeps the staring contest a little longer. Then he shakes his head and stands back up, hands up in surrender. ”Whatever, dude. Take five minutes if it makes you feel better.” He backs away, muttering under his breath. ”Don’t have to be a dick about it.”
Dean’s senses wake to life and he stares up at the top floor just as Castiel plunges his switchblade into Slade’s neck.
pictured with Valkyr, because the father absolutely died way back in the day, in the 50’s. ”Are you safe? Who’s in here? Who did this?”
despite how he probably doesn’t quite understand the concept of it; he’s the expert now, he’s in charge, and Dean is just passing the fuck out from how horny he is from that fact alone.
“Wait,” Dean moans against his lips, and Castiel makes a painful departure from him. “Fuck, ride me like that, baby. You’re doing so good but just, undo my zip, please. Please
? I totally read. You know the one.” He waves his hand around searching intelligently for words. ”Vongurt.”
Dean wants to ask, oh man, there’s so much he wants to ask. Instead he keeps quiet as they start towards the building. He knows at the same time, he can tell nothing to Sam. Not yet. Not until he knows more and where they stand. These things are said in confidence; maybe Dean shouldn’t throw that all away.
He heads grumpily towards the stairs, because he’s not taking the lift down to the garage, where Baby is patiently waiting. Not tonight. Not if it’s going to stop again.
So he grabs Cas’ wrist and places his hand promptly into his short hair, where his fingers curl to a fist and grabs it firmly. Dean grabs his thighs in return, squeezes as if to prompt him to continue, tongue swirling until he settles under the weight of him. Then Cas is bucking into his touch, fucking into his mouth as far as Dean’s mouth can reach without choking.
“Dean?” Sam calls and Dean snaps his head to the door. “Did you really just jump through the window? The front door’s open, jackass.”
Sam snorts, and Dean is very content for a moment that at least someone around here knows a movie reference. It’s basically general knowledge. “And? You wear a ski-mask, Dean.”
”Are you okay?” Castiel asks him, watchful blue eyes scanning his face, his body, almost trembling. Trying to stay still with Dean all around him. Dean is sure it shows for
”Hey uh,” Dean starts, clasping his hands; his defences are down. “I was thinking. Why didn’t you heal yourself, that time? In the warehouse? If that’s your thing, I mean.”
”Why do I not smell the sweet aroma of freshly cut jackass yet?” Dean questions impatiently, catching up to walk alongside him.
Dean kind of just sputters nervously, looking in the other direction. ”Don’t tease me like that,” he wheezes weakly.
. (And he should totally be dressing down right now instead... but, also keep the hat on. Just for, uh, good luck.)
”I guess I could get used to this,” Dean admits. His eyes snap back from his lips to his eyes. ”The travelling, I mean.”
He deserves to let his defences down for once, loosen the tie, spread his legs a little for Cas’ marvelous hands. ”Maybe you can have my fingers in a different way.”
”Fuck off,” Dean sputters and quickly closes the door behind himself, fumbling for the lock. ”I mean, like
If it was anyone else, Dean would happily let them know if they ever touched him again, he’d break their nose before they could say squat to stop him. He’s not in the mood for that now, though, not when the guy can push him against the wall with the almighty power of whatever-the-
”Arrived at destination?” Dean murmurs, studying the building from the secluded spot. ”Alright, looks like they could be armed to the teeth, so this should be fun.”
”And three,” Dean goes on, ”I want to wake up tomorrow and make us some coffee. And you’re gonna think I look hot as fuck in my boxers and T-shirt being all housewifey and shit in your kitchen, and then we’re gonna fuck on the counter. Does that sound good to you?”
relieved. ”Hey, yeah, good idea, I’ll just order us a pizza. This is fine? PG-13?” He pushes away from the table, speaking too fast to allow any answer. ”Great, nobody made a
People filter past and kindly ignore the little cut he got across his freckled nose; silly to imagine that anyone would bother to ask him what happened. Having a daytime job does come in handy, sometimes, to pay bills and invest in painkillers for one, but especially for keeping the appearance of a normal dude who fixes cars for a living and gets a few scratches here and there. He got attacked by a wrench while digging into a motor, clearly.
. But one of the two is not like the other. One of the two, precisely the first, happens so rarely it makes Dean breathe a deep, content sigh at the realisation alone.
Edit 7/3: I had a dream last night I was in this universe and Dean said his what can I do ”other than stand around like a goddamn muppet” line, and Cas said ”would you rather I stick my hand up your ass like a hand puppet?” ????? Then I instantly woke up like.. what... was that.....
, but in the next second he’s lying outside on the grass, panting and spitting up the dust in his lungs, body feeling like he’s been beaten bloody, like he’s been in a car crash.
”Summoning spirits is surprisingly easy,” Slade says breezily as Dean scrambles up from nearly cracked kneecaps and stares at the entity in front of him, eyes wide and terrified as he stares into dead ones. ”If you have something that belonged to them, anyway. My dad, he was a good man, a good friend to him, so he was gifted a lighter.” Slade clicks the flame on in his hand. ”It was passed on to me after he, in turn, also died. Very tragic story.”
like that. ”Where did you learn this?” He doesn’t wait for a response. He swallows hard, squeezes his eyes shut as he nods. ”Right. Right, the porno. Hm. Clever.”
Castiel looks at him puzzlingly. ”I don’t care if Heaven wants me or if it won’t have me at all. This is my home now.”
He’s turned on enough by the fact he’s even strong enough to both keep him restrained and fuck him at the same time. Everything else is just a cherry on top. And Cas quickens the speed so that Dean openly pants, head thrown back and nails digging into his back.
And the fact President Douchebag loves wearing a black, leather, nicely fitted goddamn trenchcoat was one of the first things that had struck Dean when he saw him. Because it struck him as
”It’s an honour to meet ya,” Sammy tells Thunderbird, putting on a fake voice to his best ability. He aims for a strong Southern twang when put on the spot. ”I’mma mighty big fan.”
, or something. Castiel had nodded thoughtfully while taking his phone back stiffly into his hands. He honestly still didn’t get it.
Castiel looks with pure fucking wonder down at where Dean’s jeans are tenting. He follows his instructions though, making Dean wonder just
”Thank you”, Castiel replies, and his lips connect hotly to his neck as he kisses all the bared skin with Dean’s head tipped back, and Dean arches his hips up, trying so hard to get more friction.
”As if time was repeating itself,” Dean confirms with a nod. He told Sam everything related to the case, nothing else; Thunderbird’s epic origin story and true name is his secret to keep. Maybe he would benefit from knowing it, but the prospect of leaking such sacred information feels like a crime in loyalty. He’s not that crappy of a person. ”But these victims didn’t live before, like Valkyr did. I don’t think. I dunno.”
Rough tile is digging into his back, with a strange pressure all over his body to keep him from moving at all. Thunderbird is below him, like he’s the one with a grip on his shoulders… but his hands are up in front of him, not touching any part of his body. It’s like an invisible force field pinning him up.
But he shouldn’t mess with things he doesn’t understand the majority of. Like, a guy with non-human powers, for instance. Like these unexplainable
Because, he doesn’t just go straight for it. No, Dean has to hitch on his breath with the way he starts by going down his torso - slow, slow, nimble fingers, ghosting - then rubbing down the front of his jeans to make him quiver. It’s like a cry of
. Only, Cas doesn’t exactly have a last name. Or middle, but. Maybe he should, uh, you know, take Dean’s last name… Just to fix this situation, obviously. But Dean might get heart palpitations thinking too hard about that.
He licks his palm before sliding it over Cas’ dick, mouth hanging open in anticipation as he pumps down his length. He knows from perfect experience how hot and wet and
Castiel glowered. Who in this world could he trust? Clearly only Dean, who he had now let believe it wasn’t him he deeply loved, that it wasn’t him he longed for to return so he could kiss him, him he wanted to go to bed with and share warmth amongst.
It’s been a while since he was part of saving a life. It’s been a while since he ran into the press, too. Paps got the best of him in his early years and he ended up always bolting when he saw one approaching. Now though, he doesn’t feel mad about it.
”Is it cool if I, you know,” Dean starts off, sheepishly. It’s so uncharacteristic for him to feel uncertain, but he really doesn’t want to screw this up now. Not
, studying Thunderbird as he tries to converse with an unknowing reporter. That is, until a photographer shoves them together so suddenly their shoulders bump. He takes their photo as suddenly as he appeared.
edible. Dean still forces a slice down just to be polite. Smile through the pain, that’s totally his motto. At least the M&M topping is great.
His brother gets his concerned-therapist face on, which Dean doesn’t like very much. He’d rather see he puts on the let’s-bandage-you-up and get-you-some-pie face. And god, he really could go for some pie right now. Apple. Banana. Cherry. The entire plate model of pie. An entire plate. Of pie.
”I don’t believe you’re in a position to make any commands,” Cas tells him against his skin and, yeah, fine, Dean loves being bossed over.
Dean still tests his luck, jabbing his finger into the button. A lonesome buzzing greets him. No handymen available. Nada.
”I don’t doubt that you’ve set up great security for your company, Dean,” Cas emphasizes, fairly exasperated as he looks at him, ”but logically, if the power is out, I would assume the cameras are too.”
”You’re such a good sub,” Cas grins, and Dean could honestly slap him. ”I should have been your secretary all along. Imagine the fun we’d have.”
it is that makes heat rush down to between his thighs as he tries to think of what to say in response to that. (Preferably something else than
He leans his head back against the wall, metal still slightly cool. Maybe he should ditch the pants too. Maybe not.
”We should do it more often,” Castiel says gently and gets up from off the floor, tilts his hat for him. ”
”You feel useless,” Thunderbird concludes, like he’s a well-versed psychiatrist. Or psychic. Or asshole.
single night, but whenever they did meet for a hit, it seemed that the present weirdo usually ended up taking the lead like that. And Dean really despises giving up control during missions. Maybe in other situations is a different story - insert appropriately gross winky face - but nonetheless, this guy just kind of
”I don’t even seem to have killed him properly the last time.” His voice is like gravel. ”I’ve let people die. I’ve also put your life on the line, and I feel deep regret. I’m sorry, Dean.”
for younger men, that’s for sure. Dark hair, which looks pitch black although it may just be how they always meet in the dead of night, styled into a disheveled quiff (like a dilf of Dean’s dreams, deep freakin’ sigh), with scruff across his jaw framing soft, pink lips. And he’s a stupid, sexy motherfucker. That’s established. So that should give them something to work off of, right? Right.
Cas is bucking his hips slightly, tentatively, and Dean just knows this is what he does best. He’s a control freak in the office, this much is true, but when it comes to sex he just loves to please.
Dean blushes hot immediately, eyes large and pleading. ”Don’t even go there, man,” he breathes. ”It’s not good for my heart.”
, where he could press the first option and have Dean’s voice almost instantly answering him with a greeting. This was the only necessary function of a phone to have, he was sure.
they put up with each other’s shit through thick and thin, for years on end, always coming back to one another. He could admit that was the rough draft of what he just said. And well, yes, maybe they watched movies together under a blanket in Dean’s room, laptop open, world forgotten which meant that,
, dreams that make his heart swell or his tummy flutter if he thinks about it for too long, that make his skin burn, because Cas makes his insides feel like they’re made up of pure fucking sunshine.
”Please,” he murmurs against the fabric, hot against his face. His hands travel up the back of Cas’ thighs to grab his ass, pushing him closer to his face and he thinks maybe, maybe he’d even slap his dick against his cheek. He’s feeling that much out of it right now. ”I wanna taste you. Want you to fuck my mouth.”
”Will you ever tell me what makes you so sad?” Castiel asks gently, like it’s a soft caress to a tear-stained cheek.
Basically, when Dean is spent and achy - but stupidly euphoric and very content - Cas pulls out, has Dean wincing, and he drops him carefully back on the mattress. Cas lies down alongside him after chucking the condom, and they quietly catch their breaths in the now even more dim light of the evening.
”Yeah, hell yeah, go on. Fuck me like you want to.” Dean rakes one hand down his back until he can cup his ass, drawing him in, watching as those eyes go darker. ”You know I want it too. Don’t stop until I tell you to.”
Dean kind of just blinked at him. Sam looked like he wasn’t sure what to cry over. Cas hoped it was for the nice speech. Maybe a hint of pride. At least Cas himself felt very confident.
pain him. Actually, it might just be the best thing that ever happened to him. But it’s hard to choose. Every morning he wakes up in a clean, large bed next to his Cas, in sleep-rumpled T-shirts and ruffled, dark hair, he also thinks it’s the best thing that ever happened to him. Everytime he touches him it’s the best thing that ever happened. Everytime he smiles. Everytime he pins Dean to the bed and makes an entire avenue worth of lamp posts go out in the process.
”I got it the first time,” Sam drawls, rolling his eyes. He holds his hand up and makes a blabbering motion, directed as an inside joke at Thunderbird, who doesn’t seem to get the implication, but once again nods politely either way. ”He likes to talk.”
His heart is doing somersaults and backflips and ninja kicks into outer space as he dances with the most beautiful man he knows. He can’t believe he has the privilege to, to touch him, to be close to him. To see Castiel’s soft smile and realise his eyes are resting on his lips as well.
Dean frowns immediately. He remembers his dick is still exposed for the world so he grumpily tucks himself back in. ”What?”
In the midst of it all, he feels like he feels a presence. A white light. Maybe this is it, he thinks, the edges of his vision whiting out as the all-consuming pain fades out. Maybe death has come for him at last. And for what?
that kind of stuff. (It’s just good ole Dean who gulps nervously before putting the phone he’d been talking into back into the toolbelt around his waist.)
”No, I-” Dean blushes again, wondering if it shows despite the overall redness. ”I uh. I guess. Not.”
Thunderbird squints aggressively. ”This has similar qualities to how you also weren't going to start reciting a movie I have not seen. I don’t see how this helps us in our mission, but I will say, I admire the effort.” He tilts his head. ”It appears you completely lack self control. That’s quite… astounding.”
Thunderbird makes no remark. That’s just Dean’s luck. This - mildly irritating, highly attractive - dude takes things too literally, yet can’t take a compliment as such. Maybe it just comes out as gibberish. Maybe Dean is just rambling.
In this moment, as Dean’s eyes linger upon him, Heaven is in his eyes. There are no stars in the city, Dean knows; yet his eyes are reflecting all of them at once, holding constellations. Twinkling lights of a blue, blue galaxy, so far away.
, he immediately thinks. Which... wouldn’t be the weirdest thing, in these trying times, to be goddamn honest. Ghosts aren’t real. Ghosts are from stories. But Dean is shaking with fear and panic, staining his hands in blood from a stranger’s severed throat, and this is very much real.
Is he going to die being beaten to death and not even finishing the fucking case that brought it on? Will he never tell Cas how fucking badly he
Later in the bunker, Castiel had wandered off to one of the empty rooms to sit down with the tiny woman, for an intelligent exchange, whether artificial or not. Apparently she would make his wishes come true, so he decided to start easy, holding the button until her spirit materialised as a small, turbulent ball of vibrant colours above where his thumb now rested.
Cas is... the only exception, to be fucking poetic. And to quote Paramore. Not that he listens to it. Totally doesn’t, dude, get a grip. Moving on...
”That’s not what I mean, baby,” Dean murmurs softly and Castiel’s eyes seem to light up. ”In life in general. Not just in our secret nighttime one. If I can help at all, hell, just call me. Like I said, I owe you that much, Feathers. You helped me countless times already.” He nods when Castiel looks up at him questioningly. ”And yeah, I really mean that. I’ll drop everything, to hell with what I’m doing. You know, I
Sam takes a breath, but stops himself. ”Anyway,” he continues loudly with an exhale and Dean lies back down, feeling triumphant, ”there was a lot of
”Maybe I can see how well your mouth works. You have such pretty lips.” Cas pops the button on Dean’s slacks and he could fucking
Slade roars in pain, or anger, or pure hysteria as he grips aimlessly behind himself. It gives Castiel time to grab the lighter he showcased earlier and throws it hard in Dean’s direction.
Sam rubbed his face, as if he didn’t want to surface again. Then he drew a hand through his long hair with a deep, painful sigh. ”No, you’re right. Okay.” He cleared his throat, gesturing towards the black screen. ”Can you explain what you said?”
”Maybe I’ll tell you one day,” he decides, which Castiel seems to accept. ”You told me plenty. I owe you that much.”
He never so thoroughly planned to be the actual bantering, terrible Deadpool to his Serious Spiderman (and yes Dean loves a superhero comic every once in a while even though he is one for the past few years, get over it) but oopsie daisy, suddenly he’d forgotten all his morals and had performed a scene from a cult movie as well as a lively musical number, being the biggest fool in the state.
Thunderbird - Castiel - quirks his lips in what seems to be a genuine smile. Like this is an AA-meeting (which would be, um, Anonymous… Anarchists?) it naturally follows with: ”Hello, Dean.”
He takes Castiel’s hands in his; they’re so cold from the air, even when gloved, and he wants to warm them up. His eyes widen and Dean squeezes them gently in his with a look of determination.
”Listen,” Thunderbird growls, no more mildness in his rough voice, inching closer to his exposed neck. Dean clenches his jaw, breathing harder. ”I expressed a concern for your well-being and you’ve ignored it. I expect that you will now begin to listen to my words and show me the same respect as I have towards you. Should you keep refraining this,
Maybe friendship is a good point to aim for after all. Maybe his efforts don’t all just go down the drain.
His hand curls around his thigh and Cas draws a sharp breath, the sound going straight to his own dick. Goddammit, is he really so sleep deprived and overheated this makes total sense right now? His brain must have melted. It’s his
”Fine,” he grunts eventually and gets up. He moves quickly towards the door leading to the stairs. ”But we’re being
Things that don’t give you an ulcer from stress, preferably. You try your damndest to pull your life together.
, they call him in far-too-loud whispers - with such force and determination Dean has to laugh again. Well, fuck, at least he can agree he’s incredibly handsome.
, Castiel realises. The human subconscious isn’t quite as well-developed as the conscious one. “What do you want us to do?”
reruns. Now it’s ice cream for dinner o’clock followed by trying to catch some Z:s before the alarm blares next morning for another day of exactly the same.
He puts his phone away - after Sam tells him fine, but to promise to spare him from gross details - in favour of slinging his arm around Castiel. It feels so affectionate, such a raw emotion, and yet he can’t stop himself once he starts. He snuggles up against him and looks out over the room, eyelids heavy. It’s been a long time since he felt so calm.
”So.” Cas inches closer and suddenly his own hand is curling around the inside of Dean’s sensitive thighs. His head rolls back instantly; he’s fucking touch-starved, he’s ravenous, and so
Dean can’t look at him. Still can’t. He rubs his cheek against his shoulder and breathes him in. ”I wanna suck you off.”
Those blue eyes meet his green ones. A stormy, uncertain ocean between them. ”You don’t believe me.”
It’s not that simple. “I must be dreaming,” Dean mumbles on, drunk on the touch of Castiel, his hands resting on his shoulders and his toned legs bracing his waist, the way his knees brush below his jacket. ”Seriously, where
Dean swallows, knuckles brushing past the bulge he can feel hardening in the front of Cas’ pants. ”Well that’s relieving. Can’t have them see you’re even talking to this dickhead you
has an effect on him he’d rather not share in public, making arousal buzz through his body, throbbing hotly in places unholy.
”Oh I’m just peachy, Cas,” Dean grins, arms around his waist. His skin so warm under his touch, making him feel fluttery inside, despite being totally fucked out and suddenly a little awkward about the jizz on Cas’ hand. His jizz. Cas just made him come and his jizz is on his hand, oh god. ”Ten outta ten.”
And what a hassle it is. Human emotions, bodies and clothing must be one hell of a conundrum. Tricky, like shower sex, like who goes where and oh I’m slipping. Dean grins.
Castiel, in turn, looks haunted, though Dean does not know what of. Or what for. ”I don’t remember,” he says quietly. It’s the most honest reply. ”I must have died a long, long time ago.”
”Perhaps another time, I’m trying to explain the situation right now,” Thunderbird husks and Dean flushes pink. “It was Valkyr we saw tonight, who I stabbed. I think he was the one who slit that man’s throat. The writing on the wall… maybe you should know it’s called
Dean’s heart is beating dangerously hard. Probably. It should be illegal to be so into someone. “I don’t know if that’s a good idea, Cas,” he murmurs and realises he sounds like he’s using a bedroom voice, low and soft and on the brink of whispering, intoxicated by the infatuation.
“Maybe it’s time I get out into the field,” Sam muses and Dean raises his finger in warning, but Sam swats it away. “Seriously, I mean I’m basically already involved anyway. I could make sure you don’t get into a mess like this.”
”Alrighty,” Dean offers to his scrutinizing facial expression, ”let’s cut to the chase. I’m guessing we’re partners now.”
, because you don’t talk about a lady’s age like that - as the nostalgic LP. Dean had blown the dust off the cover and looked it over with a smile, announcing it was one of those their mom had liked once upon a time. Sam had no such memory, which Dean had scoffed at, because Sam was clearly too much of a baby with an undeveloped memory function to remember it, to which Sam had thrown a pencil at Dean for. He’d gracefully ducked and put the record into the old-school grammophone.
Cas’ grins grows wider when Dean’s frown deepens. ”Oh, take a compliment. Guy like you, if you don’t have a girl, there
As fast as it was there, his hand is gone. Dean humps air and groans into his shoulder. ”You’re a fucking tease.”
I wanted to say the title of this fic is from "descending angel" by the misfits. I also wanted to say I have
And when he wakes up the next day to the soft light through wayward blinds, and Castiel whispers a good morning from a warm place next to him in the bed, he knows. He just knows. This is where he was always meant to be.
Dean feels struck by lightning. “That’s… also very interesting,” he chokes out. All his visible scars seem to tingle. His stomach sure does; is this what people call butterflies? (When did they move in? Why are they not paying rent?)
Dean straightens himself up a little, beholding the man in front of him. His black hair, artfully disheveled. The hinge of his jaw. The neck to wander on with your lips. The mouth that spits venom if you cross him. The dusted stubble to trace the inside of your thigh. The large hands, resting in his lap, unbothered, clasped, carefree, those that hold the utmost power and he’s sure, Dean’s so
, so? Why can’t he give him anything to work with? Maybe Dean just really sucks. Well, this is granted - that childhood trauma lingering in the back of his mind will always be there to make sure he knows of this - but why can’t it just work out like in fairytale land every once in a while?
”Heh, thanks,” Dean grins, blushing something fierce. Praise really does things to him, and uh, maybe it shouldn’t. He doesn’t have an ounce of pride left to
crusades in favour of this jerkoff, he totally isn’t; he’s just questioning their standards a little bit, that’s all. (What’s the fun in tricking them into thinking a dude is somehow flying, in comparison to Dean stealthily climbing a 10-story building? Yeah, it ain’t
you do for a slice of paradise?” The man rumbles on, really laughing behind each word now, manically. He must be speaking to Thunderbird, leveling him like a matador staring into the red hot fury in the eyes of the bull, ready to strike. ”This is what I do. I don’t think we’re all that different, you and I. Except, to be fucking fair,” he scoffs, Dean feels sick with it, ”I’m not taking it up the
When the power went off, the air conditioning did too. And an elevator is not a nice place to be with no fans and one single light beating down on them both, sharing the same air for nearly an hour.
Dean smirks as his mouth works before his mind does. ”Audition for the porno version of The Matrix is the other way, buddy,” he taunts, crossing his arms. ”Or should I put on white bunny ears and we’ll call it even?”
Thunderbird nods silently. ”We just have to know who’s killing them.” He shrugs half-heartedly. ”And now I’m the one who feels worthless.”
”I wouldn’t rule it out. Look.” Sam clicks back to the first tab, the article about Valkyr himself. ”Our friend Val was suspected of murdering a businessman - drumroll, please - named Eric freakin’ Jorgenson. Now, taking into consideration the name, time and place…” Sam looks up at Dean for emphasis. ”I think you saved his
Dean perks up immediately, stopping himself from clapping Thunderbird on the shoulder in the process. ”I like your funny words, magic man.”
; Dean wouldn’t expect anyone to wear one since the 80’s or something, kind of like the box of stuff he inherited from his dad when he passed away, the one he snagged his own favorite everyday-wear leather jacket out of. (That box was one of the few things his dad ever gave to him. Apart from, of course, a small inheritance that allowed him and Sam to start doing what it is they do, with a nice side of emotional neglect, and some childhood trauma to-go. So at least there’s that.)
”Hello, Castiel,” Siri answered cheerfully. Dean must have previously informed Siri of his identity, so it didn’t strike him as uncommon. She didn’t sound like she had any ill intent at least and had never shown herself to be hostile towards Cas, so he calmly continued.
, this is all about the comfort of a home when you got all that down, stardust. Like, just.” Dean stalls, clears his throat a little. He’s just explaining the concept,
“Just a sneak peek?” Dean grins. He takes his hands away from warm Cas’ body and rolls his balaclava up with shaky fingers over his mouth, stopping just below his nose. “I guess you can get to see I’m grinning like an idiot right now.”
”It was a joke,” Thunderbird murmurs in assurance, looking concerned. For his well-being. ”Oh, I must have done it wrong.”
”And the remaining ones are for floor 1 to 21,” Cas states as Dean pulls back, staring affronted at the traitorous button. ”None of which I would assume work.”
Dean can’t count a single time. And that’s what’s so infuriating. He believes him. He really fucking believes him.
Blue eyes flicker up to his, but Dean’s attention stays on his body. He starts to fix the collar on his trenchcoat. It absolutely needs fixing.
, that’s who, because these are very precious things to a man with deep, unruly needs. Castiel wouldn’t have the bleakest understanding of that, but still, Dean kind of wants to rip him apart right now just for fucking with him, and maybe by starting with his clothes. Maybe, just maybe by using his teeth, and lips and tongue and tasting his skin while he does it.
Dean has seen in his whole life and he grabs his dick to start stroking while he grinds his hips, flush to Castiel’s, biting his lips together and brow furrowed in concentration.
”Well screw you,” Dean snaps as he props himself on his elbow, ”because first of all, you read as if you’re
Stealthily, with a decade or more worth of practice (that reckons a little bit of bragging, at least), he infiltrates the dark interiors with barely a sound. Yeah, lo and behold, he’s kind of awesome. He knows what he’s good at.
He grins back at Thunderbird who’s watching him intently, still that hint of a smile playing on his lips.
Dean raises his eyebrows and blinks again. Does he really need to spell it out for him? ”Well, fuck me if I’m wrong, but-”
Dean doesn’t have time to connect the dots. Cold sweat on his back, he diverts his frantic eyes back to the man in his arms.
”Look, Sam, if you don’t patch me up right this second, I’ll probably die and I’ll be coming back to haunt your ass. So sort your priorities, please and thank you.”
He pulls Cas - his beautiful Cas, in an oversized Metallica T-shirt and faded jeans that make his thighs look extra munchable - in for a kiss, and tries to not let the cake get all smudged between them. (He’s ready to flip off Sam’s
It’s especially evident, in a moment like these, how this one clearly flew around the cuckoo’s nest and something about Dean’s internal alarm bells ring-a-dings to not just
It’s just quite the sight for sore eyes, man, and Dean clenches his jaw with determination not to actually get another boner like a damn teenager. Because if his pride is still around , somewhere, someplace, dust in the wind, then that would definitely be the deal-breaker for it to say bye-bye now.
Castiel saves up on Thunderbird mojo for a potentially dangerous situation and joins Dean in stealthily climbing the fence before they walk in through the door, which stands unlocked. This could be seen as fantastic hospitality if they didn’t know better.
, but go off.” He leans back over his laptop before Dean can defensively counter-argue. ”Do we have any leads at all? Uhm, what about the victim last night?”
”I killed him before,” Thunderbird says promptly, with an edge of resentment. ”It was 57 years ago. What’s really going on, is what you’re wondering? I’m not sure. But it’s all happening again. All in the same places, even when abandoned.”
“What do you want me to do?” Castiel asks him, voice vibrating against his skin. “There were so many options at this point. All so enthralling. I just couldn’t choose the best plan of action.”
In conclusion, it’s a damn good life when you don’t feel constantly on the run to, or from, trouble. That there’s always a safe place to return to.
“Call 911,” Dean orders Thunderbird sharply when he knows his attention is back. He can’t let these things get to him. The man is dying, and he wrenches his head towards him, his face now much more blank; he finished. “Phone’s in my belt. Do you know the address?”
Dean, blushing, shakes his head vehemently. ”Fuck it. Let’s come up with something else. What are you in the mood for?
”When will you explain your handy dandy powers?” he asks, still studying the walls around them, dark and grimy. ”And more importantly, are they good for kicking ass?”
Dean stares. Like, properly stares. But he’d deny that if Cas accused him of it. ”Oh, shit. Congrats or something I guess.”
”I suppose so,” Dean grumbles. He sits up and throws the covers off, looking up through the windows like his paranoia tells him to. ”Look, what if I swing by North MacLean along the river and you can, you know. Pick me up.” Dean smiles secretly to himself as he rubs the back of his neck, keeping himself from chuckling at the prospect. ”Like we’re going to prom - which, by the way, don’t answer. It’s just a joke.”
Dean has to grin. This is such a strange conversation. ”Sunshine, I know three things for certain. One is that I really want to crash right now. Secondly, Bert and Ernie are as
, please come for me too. I want you to come, lemme make you...” Dean gasps, rutting into the touch as Cas bites down on his neck. ”Please,
”Dean,” Cas starts, steadily. More steady than Dean’s heart drumming away alarmingly. ”If you came out to me on accident, that’s... firstly really
The entity stumbles back, flames burning high. Dean blinks through blurred out eyes as sparks fly and start to catch onto the staircase.
Nah, man. He shouldn’t let it sway him. He’ll just leave it be. Unprofessional, is what it is. The city depends on them, on this night as much as any other.
Dean can hardly believe all he’s been allowed to do. To touch, to experience, all he’s allowed himself to feel. Everything is beautiful and nothing hurts.
”Hey, wait up!” Dean calls and bursts off. A hand slams the doors back open so that Dean can skip inside, doors sliding back closed behind him as he breathes out, leaning against the wall. ”Gotta work on my cardio. Thanks, man.”
He glances over at Thunder, then back at the building to point at the entrance. ”What if we go in from different angles, huh? I check the back window, and you check the front door,” he conspires, and stops to consider Thunderbird’s input. He leans his head to the side to try and find his gaze. ”Hullo? Earth to Trenchcoat?”
It seems to do the trick as Castiel bites down hard on his neck and shudders, and he feels him spill hotly over his dick, dripping onto the exposed part of his tummy. Dean releases a breathy laugh, bordering on becoming hard all
”So you’re a match made in Heaven,” Sam chirps. Dean jerks up to tell him to eff off, but instead it makes him see how he’s collected dental floss and a sterilized sewing needle. Dean’s pulse beats a little more anxiously as Sam hands him the leather belt. ”Bite on this. I’ll try to be quick.”
And if Dean could choke again, he would. ”Who taught you that word?” he rasps, fist banging on his chest and trying not to cough up his lungs. ”Who?
”I was sure it was the right place to go,” Thunderbird murmurs with something that might have just sounded like regret.
bad, Dean doesn’t know. Which fucking sucks because he doesn’t want anymore stitches done in a makeshift hospital bed and performed by his baby brother armored with his dental floss, so, a little heads up would be nice. But apparently that’s too much to ask.
Cas seems to hesitate after that, meeting him with such eyes, full of the piercing harshness. Both stuck on their breaths, high strung.
”Well no thanks to you, Trenchcoat, we— I mean, me and my little helper, the tall man, we figured something out last night. Uh, this morning. Doesn’t matter.”
”What now?” Castiel rasps, beyond thought and reasoning. His lips are parted and eyes mesmerized as he looks over Dean’s body.
(And 16 years old and horny out of his mind is also coincidentally about as good as he feels, now and again when all these
“That’s our front page,” he announces, and Dean sheepishly grins and rubs the back of his neck, blush creeping in from all the attention. Positive, nonetheless.
”I find that your beauty is your best trait,” Cas says, so suddenly it nearly floors Dean. Well, it might have almost-floored him no matter the velocity. Or his current proximity. He stops dead in his tracks and lets the words send shivers over his skin. ”Maybe it’s your honesty and authenticity. No, it must be your altruistic motives, how you always try to do ethically good acts, for others to gain something. You help and you save and you always try to make
”Oh,” comes Castiel’s breathy voice in return, pupils blown wide, lips wet and raw. He slides his hand along his length, slick with precum, and Dean is honestly losing his mind right here.
“I have a stronger preference for the plants,” Cas tells him sensibly. He walks before Dean up to the section of pots. “Peace Lily,” he suggests. “Clears the air. Easy to take care of.” Cas lets his hands float carefully around its edges, like a caress that doesn’t dare touch. Feeling its energy? Hippie peace and love crap? “I like to watch them grow, how they bring life.”
Demanding to Dean that they take her out of her glass prison, he had laughed, in a hearty sort of way he does, and Castiel understood he didn’t see the severity of the situation when he instead suggested he could change her to a man, or that she could be in any language that he wanted. Castiel didn’t understand why she should go out of her way like that for him, until Dean explained, pedagogically, it was just a robot. He called it artificial intelligence. Then he showed Castiel he could ask Siri anything, and she would give the answer.
is, because doesn’t he know Dean loves cowboys and loves them to a point of not even caring they wear nothing but the hat itself? Because doesn’t he know he literally watches porn with them as the main characters whenever he has a moment alone? Doesn’t he know that this will significantly damage his sanity? (Or, you know, what’s left of it and all that jazz.)
Dean shrugs. “Awesome. Welp.” He stands up abruptly, knees knocking the table, sending the table lamp jiggling dangerously. “It’s dinner o’clock.”
”I do know,” Castiel corrects him, tilting his head. His silhouette against the big windows where the curtains are drawn makes Dean’s head spin a little bit too violently for his already damaged composure, and pride, trying to not sink to his knees right away and beg for Cas to let him touch him, just let him mouth over the front of his pants as that cowboy hat towers over him. ”I know what you like.”
even has any nightmares or night terrors anymore. Which is likely because he’s so often soothed right back to sleep by someone awake next to him in bed, to wrap his arm around him and shush into his hair, to catch him when he goes falling through the abyss of his mind.
“We’re brothers,” Sam offers in a hush, leaning close to Thunderbird so nobody else can hear it. ”So that’d be unnecessarily gross.”
Dean involuntarily gasps. He closes his mouth abruptly and clears his throat, tries again. “Uh, sorry, you’re going to
. Castiel didn’t agree that he resembled a female dog, but he recognized it nonetheless. ”Do you want my help or not?”
Sam and Castiel eventually start to discuss the flavour of the cake and what could have been done differently. They agree on its insufficient nutritional value; Cas’ words. Dean just happily listens at that point, cradling a cup of coffee from the brewer they invested in, watching them go back and forth like a ping pong game. At least they don’t argue, or at least not too badly. They’re a chaotic duo if Dean ever saw one but at least they keep a good tone, at least by his standards.
It’s lean and muscular, for sure, but nonetheless covered in scars, burns, bruises, dental floss stitches. Memories of bad guys from his career or from his childhood alike. But Cas doesn’t seem to see the ugliness Dean can easily point out. He still looks as if he’s seeing the most attractive thing he ever did see. Still.
”You asked me last time we met about what it is I do. I considered it.” He tilts his head, appraisingly. ”Now I’m answering.”
”I didn’t do anything, I told you.” He put his phone onto the table with the same distaste he deeply felt towards it. ”I put my trust in her and she didn’t comply with my pleas. She’s a very evil genie.” He squinted, pondering. ”Maybe I outdid my wishes. Do you know if there is a limit?”
Blinking rapidly, Dean stands there. Just stands. ”So fame really gets to you, huh?” he breathes, flustered over such a strange, unabashed implication, when all Dean had referred to was becoming
”I think that’s just your dream, Cas,” Sam told him sagely. ”That sounds like a very nice marriage, or retirement plan. But I don’t think Dean is enticed by bees.”
Dean doesn’t have to even move. Suddenly his cassette player crackles and the next best mixtape from his self-made collection starts playing loudly. It’s
He comes so hard, it could have burst the lightbulbs in the room (but he’s not the one with that kind of power). Silently, open-mouthed, shuddering and thrusting sloppily into Cas’ wonderous hand through the aftershocks seizing his whole body. He exhales in a groan, unmistakably close to an actual porn noise. He kind of feels like he’s starring in one.
”My name is Castiel,” the man before him says and Dean draws a sharp breath. ”I’m an angel of the Lord.”
”Oh!” The man against the wall makes a sound, almost like a laugh. In a very deranged and unsettling way, his sweat-glistening face with vacant eyes lights up, like with menace despite how his hand is broken to pieces. ”You have no
”I believe this behaviour is considered socially questionable,” Thunderbird points out, as if Dean’s sudden silence was telling enough.
, right? Not speaking from the bottom of his black little heart or anything like that. ”Just kinda really knowing you have somewhere and some
It’s a thanks, for saving his ass and all that (Cas saved his ass; that’s basically a slogan for a T-shirt). And well, at least he’ll like them more than pizza, which he had politely declined previously when Dean wanted to try to lowkey flirt. He should have a medal for supporting local businesses like this, in the name of love.
That being said, he should clearly have done more research before they met that night about a month ago; at least Sam should have before he tracked him down. But Thunderbird is supposedly quite well known in the business and, what the hell, he deserves to laugh from time to time. Even he can admit that.
Cas, who notices him from where he’s been laughing at the desk of one particularly long-haired salesman, stands up straight. Great, that guy had cornered Dean in the elevator just a few days before and Dean had almost screamed out about sexual harassment in the work place, what with the way he’d been staring Dean down like he was a feast. Which, admittedly… Dean could take a compliment, and he might just be coming to terms with his not-so-straight sexuality (Charlie in administration would be
Dean grabs a piece, despite it all; would be a shame to ignore it now. He just witnessed a goddamn miracle. It’s a good distraction, either way.
Castiel’s eyes seem to show so many emotions, Dean feels like exploding. Incinerating. Sinking through the floor. Death, time to take him, chop chop, hurry up now.
Dean’s lips fall open as he stares at this brave vigilante, previously always so stone cold to him. His heart beats hard, so hard he wonders if it’s even visible through the armor plate.
It goes something like this: Dean likes a French toast for breakfast every once in a while when they’ve got the good bread at home (not the whole grain shit kind Sam buys, like, who does that?) and enjoys sipping coffee while he flips the golden sides, humming Metallica and bopping his hips in his jammies.
it kind of just makes him want to curl back up in bed, or to soak in a hot bath, or screw it away for some
”Hey, subordinate,” Dean calls out and Cas points to himself questioningly, eyebrows raised. ”Yeah you, Novak. I’ll see your reports done on my desk before this day is done. Capiche?”
”Well, I feel pretty convinced then,” Dean says as Cas brackets his arms on either side of him against the wall. Then one hand comes down to rub Dean in front of his tenting boxers and his head falls back with a moan.
”Alright, stop. Back up.” Dean puts his hands up in surrender, eyes closing. He sighs slowly, frustratedly, temples drumming with his pulse (but at least that’s better than where it’s throbbing somewhere between his legs). ”This is so wrong. Like
When Castiel wraps his hand around both their cocks at the same time, and Dean feels the warmth and hardness and the weight of him against himself, he only has to stroke quickly once, twice, slick and wet and made of fucking wonderous wonders… so that when Castiel surges forward and kisses Dean’s neck, he’s suddenly
Castiel’s face softens significantly. He pushes the pot with the peace lily into his arms. “I think this was the one you liked. You seemed happier. Let’s proceed to check you out.”
He blinks at the girl suddenly in front of him, shaking him out of the trance. He writes his alias with a winky smiley on the back of an old newspaper and gives it back to her, before she’s squeezing into his side and taking a picture.
Dean’s brain doesn’t work right now. All he can think about is Cas’ cock in his hand. In his mouth. Inside him. Hands on his hips and pounding into him right at the sweet spot until he's begging for more. ”Huh?”
Cas’ body trembles as Dean watches with marvel the way he twitches in his hand before he comes over his fist. He kind of wants to lick his hand after that. Somehow, his senses get the better of him and he doesn’t (but he wonders how much of a good boy that would have made him).
, but Dean still feels Castiel’ drumming heartbeat against his own. Which actually just makes him wonder if maybe, maybe it’s actually all his
And the leather jacket - which he loves to death despite its tears and unconventional stitchwork - is weighing heavy on him, dragging down into the bruised skin. It’s reminding him he possibly cracked a rib and probably should have that checked out in the nearest future. See, Dean is no stranger to kinky sex involving all kinds of slapping and biting and him tied to a bedpost, but when it’s been done against his
His eyes dart back to their faces. Valentin Kyle is an uncanny replica of the entity he saw tonight, the faded man.
Instead, for some reason, Thunderbird insists on checking out this hideout that’s just an abandoned warehouse, which Dean really just can’t find any interest in. The hideout is also, as it turns out, far too easily-accessed. Which has to strike him as uncommon. Shit’s never that easy.
Castiel’s vessel has a few functions he takes for granted: breathing is certainly one of them. A function currently unavailable.
”Are you jealous?” Thunderbird grinds out, an ice cold rage in his eyes. A lamp breaks in the ceiling. Somehow it seems related. ”Let’s hold hands.”
He'd noticed (while he totally isn’t checking Cas out for the tenth time) how Cas is wearing Converse shoes beneath the slightly too long leg of his slacks, wine red in color. So like, alright then, he’s probably the type of chump who listens to Green Day or Metallica or something like that, breaking the dress code for no reason. Dean can’t say he envies it, but maybe he sometimes kind of wishes he
”You’re slowly losing the sugar baby status,” Sam reasons, gesturing to Castiel who just looks at him. He’s a good fucking sport for putting up with this. Thing is, he doesn’t even seem to
He’s immediately bolting upright and grabbing for it, because if someone calls it’s always Sam, because he doesn’t have anyone but Sam, and with Sam it’s almost always trouble.
”Alright, good talk.” Dean pops the slice into his mouth and dries the grease off his mouth before he rolls his balaclava back down over his chin. ”Look. I just wanted to go over our plans. The shitshow we went through last time doesn’t need a repeat, in my professional opinion.”
”That’s nice,” Cas muses, the tone in his voice so soothing. ”I’ve been thinking about it all day since you said it.”
Dean limps onto the bus. It’s a walk of shame if he’s ever seen one. Dean didn’t even get the privilege of getting screwed; not in the good way, anyway, just screwed over by a case he couldn’t even fucking solve.
”Yeah, yeah. You’re a geek and you’re proud.” Sam pokes him in the side and Dean flinches involuntarily. ”Oi! Tickles are off limits!”
With a skeptical look - and ready to start swinging if this is some sort of sicko prank, if Sam is hiding behind the closet door or some shit, because that would not be
His other hand travels up underneath the top part, fingers brushing past rippling muscles, lifts it to see plains of fair skin, faintly red welts where the seams on the tight latex have been making imprints on his soft skin. It’s just not fair to wear such a tight suit. Dean has been teased mercilessly for too long.
His index and middle finger run down the outline of his cock, straining painfully in his boxers. Dean can’t stop thinking about those fingers fucking into him, wet with lube, scissoring and curling as Dean lies panting into a pillow and rutting into the mattress, his kisses on the back of his thighs, humming quiet, awed praise. Instead, he’s panting into an elevator and biting the shirt on Cas’ shoulder, with his perfect hand down his pants as he tries not to come prematurely. Jesus christ. What a night.
But before he can reach the victim, someone’s tugging him back, and Dean only has to take one look over his shoulder before he raises his fist. He comes crashing back into the henchman with knuckles first, right into his face. The enemy groans and Dean doesn’t hesitate to knee him in the stomach before he throws him to the ground, knocking him unconscious when his head hits the cement floor.
Suddenly the lights flicker back on, and Dean’s stomach drops as the lift starts whooshing downwards again, numbers lit up and ticking down.
”Don’t bi-erase me,” Dean blurts out way too loudly, just as the elevator grinds to a sudden, jerky halt.
Castiel’ lips have parted to emit small, ragged breaths when he takes himself out of the front of his own, neatly straightened dress pants, and Dean has to press his own lips together to repress any noise.
”Okay, so. We’re adults. Some more so than others... Why don’t you call him and just tell him it was a mistake?”
Dean silences him with another kiss. Cas makes a sound against his lips, surely a muffled word but to Dean it could as well be a moan. Then Cas kisses him back harder, trying, figuring it out, and pulls Dean closer to himself by his waist. Dean lets himself be manhandled very gratefully, moaning back against his lips to prove he can do even more than that.
“We got some great exercise, for one,” Dean starts, sagely. Sammy would say that. He’d be so proud. “And we clearly became best friends.”
”That’s comforting  news. I’m myself already looking forward to later,” Castiel says, blinking owlishly like he can’t believe he said it out loud. He pulls away a bit, studying his hand. ”For now, though.” The sticky remains of their very romantic moment vanishes from his palm, just like that. He clenches it to a fist. ”Let’s go kick some ass.”
“Alright.” Sam levels Cas, opposite him at the bunker’s table, patiently waiting. “So basically I guess what they’re getting at is that they wish they were older so they can have the married life. Waking up together, going to sleep together, doing... whatever. Like the Beatles saying they want to be with someone when they’re 64 or something.”
He bites his lip to muffle a moan when he feels his hard, lubed up cock tease to enter him, but allows the whimpers to escape when Cas’ lips start sucking on his collarbones as he slowly pushes inside him. Their hips meet, and Dean’s thighs are already trembling.
Dean had found the crate of records hidden in the bunker, forgotten since the 60’s sometime when it was abandoned, one of which had a cover with a green banner and sporting a few goofy looking dudes feeding goats. His darling ’67 Impala was just a year shy of being as old - or
”Oh yeah, guess I am. For the past few months but thanks for noticing.” Dean swipes up the smear of icing on Cas’ cheek with his thumb and gleefully licks it off with a pop, gaining a smile to mirror his own. ”Maybe I should hit the shower first. Whatcha say? Do I stink?”
, for crime-fighting purposes... I understand now what you meant.” He smiles timidly. ”You use very strange words sometimes.”
”I know who you are, by the way,” Thunderbird says, redirecting his eyes to Sam. ”We’ve spoken previously. You called about joining Demonblade on our mission.”
He turns around while swiping across his chin with the back of his arm. Castiel blinks at him in the doorway, dark hair sticking in multiple directions, Dean’s very unironed Led Zeppelin tee hanging off him.
Castiel rubs against him again, seemingly lost in the pleasure and momentum. Dean moans against his neck, hand coming up to grip at his hair, clenching his fist into the strands. He feels Castiel’s breath hot on his neck, his hand coming up underneath Dean’s shirt. He feels how badly he wants it too.
Dean looks up to see Castiel circle a chair, and, raising his hands, it scrapes with a muffled sound across the carpeted floor until he’s moved it into the middle of the room. (That’s— surely one way to use angelic powers, to be fair. It’s just very Big Dick Energy kind of move that makes Dean just stand and blink as his mind wanders to more sacrilegious thoughts.)
he finishes in a chuckle. Dean glares. ”More importantly…” Cas sighs, looking back ahead at the wall. ”Your secret’s safe with me, if that’s what you want.”
Sam popped his lips, tapping on the book in front of him. Maybe he wished he never looked up from reading it. He seemed to be running on empty.
to nobody in particular. He feels a little out of breath, to be honest. But he decides he can’t have a crisis, like, mid
In his darkest hours, in the most dire of times; in sickness and in health, in life and in death. Always, he’s in love with him.
They become a mess of tangled limbs after that; soft sighs, moans, and a very squeaky bed hitting the wall repeatedly. Too impatient with the slow, thorough thrusts, he eventually groans, almost exasperatedly, or desperately, and wrestles himself to the top.
”No,” Castiel says so quickly, Dean honestly can’t tell if it’s meant to be said... jokingly? Maybe Dean needs to open his mind to more possibilities, then, such as, the actual Devil being an angel who walks the Earth among them.
”Maybe I’d like to retract the earlier command,” he breathes abruptly, feeling his cock ache alongside Castiel’s. He feels dazed, so horny it’s as if the bed is just,
Dean takes himself out of his boxers while he speaks, and with Cas’ forehead leaned against Dean’s shoulder he can only imagine what his face looks like now. Dean wouldn’t admit to it, but the sounds he makes are definitely going high-strung as Cas does as told, wrapping a large hand around both of them; if the size of his hands were a turn-on before, it gets him a step closer to spontaneously incinerating with what they can fit in them.
Dean can’t evade much longer and takes punch after punch, Slade’s voice growing distant. He can’t control the sobs that start to wreck his body, shaking against the cold wall as blood spills onto his boots. The disturbing sounds of his own body being beaten to a pulp.
”So you can have my fingers another time,” Cas reasons, and even though Dean’s not sure that promise will hold, imagining how good that would feel is too damn irresistible. He leaks into his boxers and he shifts slightly, slightly closer towards him.
Castiel shifted with a sigh. Siri wasn’t as intelligent as Dean had once made her out to be. He decided to try a task he knew she could follow through.
. Hips stuttering up from the chair, he releases a broken whimper, straining against the rope where it burns into his wrists like it’s the best pain in the world.
under said blanket. Maybe fell asleep on each other (just resting the eyes counts, on a sleep-refusing angel’s behalf), and woke up with tangled limbs; an arm slung over a waist, a nose brushing the nape of a neck, a leg slung over a thigh like a prayer of
”That won’t do,” Thunderbird retorts gravelly, frowning as he scans the brick wall ahead. ”This is… highly complicated.”
”You were complaining you were lonely,” Sam reminds him, which is true, but Dean scoffs at him regardless. ”And I still don’t get how this happened, so honestly, I don’t feel bad.”
Dean crosses his arms and sputters. He totally wasn’t caught being a creep. Nobody saw nothing. ”What can I say,” he attempts, “I like me a man in uniform.”
”Thank you.” Castiel pulled a chair and sat down heavily opposite him, hands conspiracal in front of him on the table. ”I need your help. Dean thinks I love another man.”
”Hey, you do you.” He shoots off a text for Sam to announce he won’t be making it home tonight, winky face. ”I’m just saying I feel kind of tired but I’m the one who’s been knocked out on painkillers for a few weeks.”
. What they accomplished tonight has just been a one out of many times Dean saved someone’s life, and he’s sure it’s the same for Thunderbird, and yet he can’t shake the feeling they really did something good. And maybe it’s because they did it together.
He takes the ring with shaking hands - calloused and bruised and now adorned with a stunning silver ring - and he takes every burden from off his shoulders when they kiss to seal the deal.
Precum is all he needs as he tugs on his painfully hard dick and Dean grabs desperately for him, tugging on just the sleeves of his shirt as Cas holds him back against the wall and jerks him off.
He doesn’t say anything as he picks up the phone. He listens to the static and tries to make out what the situation is. An increasingly growing urge is to instantly go and check on Sam, hopefully still in the house and not kidnapped or something.
”Aw, cheer up, Thunder!” he chirps and he takes a skip forward, breaking into song. ”You ain’t seen nothing yet, b-b-b-baby you just ain’t seen—”
”Nah,” Dean gets out, and then Cas is slipping his hand past his waistline and palming him outside of his boxers. Dean falls to the side and bumps his face into his shoulder, lips already parted and panting a little. ”Goddammit.”
In short, he’s standing grumpily and secretly terrified in front of the building where they met all those other times before, so, it only makes sense he’d buy him flowers from here. Totally makes sense.
been studying how to do it but my research was not very extensive, and I really wanted to try this with
”Well I’m not an Encyclopedia, Dean,” Sam snaps, pushing back from his laptop. ”God, I don’t even know where to look. Sounds like some dark web illegal stuff.”
He’s seen too many gorgeous men in too many settings, positions... too many times alone in a rented room, with a rented film and his hand down his pants, transfixed by the men on the screen.
Thunderbird’s lead - as it apparently had been last time, seeing as it was the same guy’s very pointless and very abandoned warehouse - is some guy named Valkyr. He can’t seem to elaborate much more than saying the name, which was stated in a
, Sam.” He takes a swig from his flask of liquor (it’s the greatest medicine) before he settles back onto the sofa. His ribs kind of hurt. ”Whatever. Did you find any more info about the guy, anyway?”
He can’t help but spit venom, but it’s okay though. He just needs Castiel to get out so he can lock the door, jerk off, specifically not think of him and how he looked approximately those 20 seconds earlier, probably jerk off again because he’ll have inevitably thought a lot about it, have a drink and a crisis and and then go the fuck to sleep.
He extracts his flashlight and looks around himself at grimy walls, spiderwebs in the corners catching the light in its threads. He scrunches his face up. Then he continues down a corridor, pushing through a few doors with his shoulder and scanning the rooms.
”Yeah, baby,” Dean moans as he feels his pace quicken, that he’s edging closer himself. ”Do it. Ride me just like that. You’re so
It’s 4pm when Dean Smith walks into the office with the cubicles of salespeople, five floors below himself. The chatter from the employees in matching yellow shirts and headsets is loud enough to make him appreciative of the five floor sound barrier.
Oh yes it was meant to end there but I can’t let go of these guys apparently! because like, Exhibit A: I was aiming for a >10k fic and quickly ended up with 30k. Yeah. That happened. Exhibit B: I just wanted to write a 1k epilogue to get some mental peace but this is dangerously close to 3k lol okie
Dean doesn’t need much more persuasion after that. He freezes in shock, first, like his heart slowed to a stop in the moments passing so gingerly.
This is when Cas grabs Dean’s Batman apron over the table, and with one sharp pull he suddenly has him mere inches away from his face. Dean’s eyes fall straight on his lips, and the feeling falls straight to his dick. Oh, whoops, fuck it, alright.
- then he pops it like another heart-shaped balloon and watches it go, like dust in the wind. Hasta la vista, baby.
. Dean’s bound hands tremble against the rope holding them in place behind him, out of his control, breath coming out in huffs between them.
The night is so silent now, the sun's first rays seeping in through the dark and colouring the Wichita sky with streaks of orange. In the morning they’ll both be gone, hopefully catching an hour of sleep and Dean will be longing for the smell of leather and steel, for blue eyes and pink lips.
”I understand. Perhaps some arrangements can be made.” Castiel grins; sometimes Dean wonders if he teases him on purpose.
”Okay,” Dean confirms quietly, beckoning him to please continue. There’s been a lot of info to take in the past few weeks. It’s just another piece of a bigass puzzle. ”Does Lucifer ring a bell? Buddy of yours?”
”Any more of you punks wanna try me?” Dean roars, pulling knives from his belt as his voice echoes around the room. ”I’ve got
), plus with an extra layer on top of that. The hat. The fucking cowboy hat, oh my god, it just shouldn’t be a
of boys who like other boys, and he never jerked back from that. He knows Dean likes boys and it never resulted in a negative emotion. He, literally, broke someone’s hand when they were being blatantly homophobic.
”I think I’m getting a little delirious. But um.” His hand inches closer to Cas, his thighs in those slacks. Maybe it shouldn’t be hot. Or maybe Dean just likes a man in uniform. ”What if it wasn’t?”
Dean snaps his mouth shut. He’s thankful for his ability to stare right ahead at the doors keeping them trapped. Should not have said that. Nope. Likely not.
It’s just… been a lot to handle in one day. The guy - Thunderbird, what a dweeb name anyway - may have looked like a douche, but he also made him
alright, little heads up though. Info box. Humans are tricky, and sex is kind of a lot of work.” Castiel furrows his brow and Dean nods. ”And I
Dean’s stomach twists like a wet rag from horniness, Jesus fucking christ. ”There are a few things that aren’t really socially acceptable to get down to on a rooftop,” he reminds Castiel. And himself. And especially his fellow downstairs.
Dean’s lips turn into a straight line. ”Okay, note taken, I’ll stop being funny.” He’s about to go on explaining, but furrows his brow and pops his lips. ”But it’s my best character trait so why would you hurt me like that? No, fuck it, so okay anyway...”
But oh, it’s crashing into bed that sounds the most irresistible right now. Like, snuggling under warm sheets… yeah, that’s some sweet heavenly bliss. Dean rubs his eyes vigorously and tries not to think of
He’s about to ask if Castiel just healed his itsy bitsy, achey breakey heart from all the misery and hate it previously contained or something, filled it with only the love he has for him, but.
Dean eventually pops the first few buttons on his shirt too. Just, not to be a prude. Then he rolls his sleeves up. Then he notices Cas has already beat him to it, which isn’t fair, because Dean is already daydreaming about his hands and his fingers how they could curl into him, and. This? Isn’t helpful.
Sam seems to get the mental memo. It should be part of the routine they came to terms with, back when they were, what, maybe 12 and 16 and Dean was ogling a chick and Sam had to
”Again, I don’t see his relevancy,” Cas husked to Sam, eyes narrowed suspiciously. ”Either way. I love you, Dean. It could only be you.”
He pulls away so that Dean’s feet hit the floor, starts to struggle with his belt to a jingling sound and Dean looks at his flushed face with a smirk. He loves that he gets to see it now, unmasked, just real. How it changes when he’s turned on, or when he gets commanding, or right now, struggling to regain his composure.
They continue bickering for a while. It ends, as it usually ends, with a well-aimed kick under their small table and another one in return. Okay, so, maybe they got stuck at maturing two decades ago or so, but it still makes them both laugh, and Cas smiles like they’re not just complete idiots. Or, like they’re at least
He’s exhausted. He’s gone through video conferences and phone calls, fake-laughed at Mr. Adler’s jokes, looked at statistics until the numbers melted into goo. He’s missed the
he hisses, eyes shutting and head tilting back against the mattress. His dick twitches against his stomach, leaking and begging. It’s just, like it’s all too good to be true. Rephrase: it’s exactly what he fucking needed.
Or at least it’s the nickname he’s been given, because people swear they were saved from this and that by a flying dude, this one right here. Like, is it a bird, is it a plane? No, it’s a Thunderbird, apparently, appearing like a storm and saving the day (and maybe killing a few light bulbs, so maintenance must have a bone to pick with him). But, you know, Dean isn’t bitter that they haven’t been covering a lot about
Thunderbird almost gives off an expression as if relieved, shoulders detensing a little. ”I suggest I inform you on the way to the location.”
”Tough crowd,” Dean sighs when the silence has stretched on for too long. He claps his hands together and rubs his palms in anticipation. ”So. Showtime?”
Dean’s heart is pounding, blood soaring in his ears. He tries not to look at the demolished chandelier and the cracks in the floor as the threat of tears start to close off his throat, threatening to waver the stability he usually can keep at bay. ”Who the
”Dang it!” Sam exclaims in the same Southern accent with a stomp of his foot, maybe would have thrown his cowboy hat at the ground if he’d had one, before he gives up with a cough. ”Yeah no, that was pretty bad, wasn’t it?”
. Dean tests the strength of the ropes instead, quite used to being bound by some maniac or another; they’re just tight enough, and he could probably break loose if he wanted to, but he really doesn’t think he does. ”I have a question.”
he’d have definitely made different choices, ones that Dean might have appreciated more in an awake-state. “You’re asleep, Dean,” he informs him, quietly as not to wake him. There’s no protocol for this. There’s no clear yes or no answers. “What do you want to do?”
When he walks through the door of their apartment after one fairly easy solo mission and kicks his snow-covered boots off, he doesn’t expect Sam to pop confetti into his face. Blinking, he also doesn’t expect his eyes to come back into focus on Castiel, holding a very terrible homemade
“I see,” Thunderbird says in between them, as if he’s getting a fascinating result on his lab experiment. “This is how you show
without looking up from his golden little children sizzling in the pan. It’s all normal procedure when he hears Cas’ sauntering steps over the floor.
Castiel smirks and grabs the back of Dean’s neck with one hand and his shoulder with the other. He holds him tightly as Dean stares right into his wickedly blue eyes, but his head goes tipping right back and stuttering a moan when Castiel
”Fuck,” Dean stated, breathless. He started to quickly cross the floor in long strides. ”Goddamn it, Feathers. I love you and your stupid noodle so much sometimes.”
A step forward is the last mistake. In the blink of an eye, he’s suddenly pushed up against the wall.
He’s an angel. A celestial being. A thing from fairytales. Dean saw a ghost, he fought a ghost, the angel stabbed a ghost.
Which is, um. Superhero push-ups, clearly. Crime fighting activities that can only be performed in Dean’s bed.
”Can you tell Dean to have a good day?” Castiel asked her, and his phone opened the text conversation full of yellow emojis (and one astray purple vegetable).
”That’s a signature?” Dean mutters to nobody in particular, because what the fuck? What did he do to deserve all this,
Dean turns his head up and stares at him with wide, green eyes, lips parting in shock and… whatever else.
Thunderbird fixes him with a glare. ”I assume you will comply with the conditions,” he rasps eventually.
There are two very distinctly different ways you can go about finding your favorite angel in your motel room trying on a
Castiel’s hands travel up his back from his waist, fingertips on his clothed skin, exploring, sensing. Dean brings one of his own into his hair and runs his fingers through it, strands shifting in silver and black this time of night. It’s a little wet from the rain and he doesn’t care. Their lips are a little cold and the scruff brushes his skin and he doesn’t give a flying fuck.
to poetry. We’ll tick that off the list. I don’t think I’ll let you write ever again to be honest. Uh. What about
Admittedly, it’s not so much about house rules and friendship boundaries, as it is about Dean’s jammies suddenly starting to feel like they might get too snug if this continues. He’s kind of blushing, or you know, just a little, or totally not, or whatever.
”You gotta have an angel brother to hook him up with,” Dean says to Cas, rubbing the pain out of his ankle under the table. ”Anyone as good-looking as you up there?”
Cas leaves butterfly kisses from his jaw to his neck until Dean is gasping for air, grasping for a link to sanity with his hand in his hair. He needs to hurry this conversation up or, so help him god, he’ll come untouched.
“I think I have an understanding from your description,” he says, “albeit confusing.” He rounds the counter and walks up to a glass case. “How about the roses?”
And friends are supposed to stab you in the front. Upright and honest, even mutually decided. Not when you least expect it. Not when you need them.
, and Dean would just smile bigger and hold on to him, like he wouldn’t let him slip away ever again, like he’d never let him go.
He’s surprised when Castiel suddenly swings his leg over his waist, and oh my fucking god, there he is. That motherfucker. Planting himself in his lap.
But a piece of rope is gathered from out of seemingly thin air as Castiel grabs Dean’s wrists behind the chair. His face comes inching closer to Dean’s as he reaches to tie his wrists together tightly, working quickly, an almost strict look on his face and Dean could be
That smile  matches the happiness Dean feels within, a spark. A glimmer of something that unmistakably feels like hope.
”Uh,” Dean says intelligently, trying to shake off his thoughts. No point in getting too caught up in dreamland. Nothing good ever comes out of that. ”Jorgenson. Peter.”
“Be with you momentarily,” a voice comes from behind the backroom, and in a way Dean’s interests peak up. He feels like he knows this voice, but can’t place it; it sounds different? Or is the setting just not right?
Dean bites his lip playfully, experimentally; he pulls on his hair to see if he can wake more sounds out of him. When he feels Cas’ thigh inch closer between his legs Dean whimpers instead, making Cas’ fingers hungrily dig into his skin, breathing harder between them. Wanting more, more, more.
”Then I’ll be sure to finish ahead of your odd time criteria and refrain from being such an obscenity to you. I hope that suffices.”
Random final side note + self-indulgent recommendation: I tried very hard to not make a reference to Watchmen throughout this because the actor who plays John Winchester is literally The Comedian which is like PERFECT but I’d have gone crazy mixing those universes. THEN I started watching The Boys which was also written by Kripke and I tried so hard to resist Dean from calling Cas by Starlight because Jensen is gonna be on the show!! lol wow but I recommend both this movie and this show if you’re into these things. Byee ♡
Dean white-knuckles the chair as he stares at the name. ”Shit.” He turns around and stares out the window. ”So whatever names Thunderbird remembers from back then, whoever he saved, is our one chance of being able to warn the next victim. At least until we figure out how to stop Valkyr.”
Thunderbird stares at him in that way again, so that, for a moment, Dean almost gets shy. Okay, chill out, it’s just kinda been a while since he saw a man so handsome. Dean is just chaotically bisexual and it’s just been a while since he felt someone’s heat so close. (Someone who could strap him down and straddle him with the snap of his fingers, and oh good god, how he wants those large hands spreading his legs, how he wants that stubble to scrape the inside of his thighs…)
They get the new place within sight, which becomes evident by how the other man slows to a stop before they have time to exit the alley they’re crossing. Thunderbird squints at the place. This time it’s lit up and seems very much in use, for a change.
”Hey, here we go,” Sam exclaims so suddenly Dean nearly falls off his seat. ”It’s a news article about Valkyr, dated November 1949. Wait a sec… Oh, shit.”
-cough, which he’s still sure is bound to come, but he smiles against the brush of lips instead when no such interruption comes. After all, it’s been a few months of this; passed six of ‘em and aiming for many more.)
”I possess the power to shift molecules, to bind broken cells,” Thunderbird says suddenly. ”It’s been called to heal.”
Though, since Castiel didn’t perfectly understand iPhones, he also, consequently, did not understand the tiny woman who now lived in his phone bearing the name of Siri.
If he’d had to blow out candles and make a wish, it’d have been for another year just like this. But, he thinks, it might just happen like that anyway.
Dean lets his head fall back with a thud and stares at the black sky. Curtain. Applause. Exit scene.
Cas turns his head and looks at him, like he can’t tell if he’s kidding. Yeah, Dean’s not much for apologizing, is he? Nor for saying his thanks, either, apparently. ”Are you just saying that because you’re scared I’ll
Dean makes an expression as if he’s eight years old and feelings are icky and girls have cooties. He is 29. “Uh, do you recommend anything? I mean. What do
“Holy fucking shit,” Dean breathes, regaining his balance. So it’s established: this piece of shit angel has way too much power and knows way too much, by seemingly just touching him. (Maybe he
Dean’s hands start working to find a zip on his suit, because it needs to come off. Now. Castiel heaves the burden off of him and unzips it quickly - thank fucking Christ almighty it’s a two-piece - so that Dean’s hand comes underneath the fabric and finds his hard cock, Castiel stuttering breath; a sign he’s doing something right.
Dean feels lucky. Out of this world kind of lucky. ”Thanks, sunshine,” he murmurs back, and dials the pizza place. ”And I’m getting you back for the teasing later.”
He collapses against the wall and Cas leans back, fixing absently with his own slacks and buckling his belt again. Dean is still catching his breath by the time he’s sitting across from him, smirking.
Castiel nods, understanding; a professional kind of empathy. Dean is just a stupid fucking guy trying to impress his girl or something. It must get tiresome to deal with Deans. Multiples.
comes on next and, even with Dean’s annoyance out of the way, Cas eventually makes the belt drop with a swipe of his hand through the air. It falls together with the rest of what he props onto himself, breastplate, shoulder armor, the whole shebang. Cas seems to allow it when Dean eagerly pulls the black long-sleeve over his head and he throws it across the room. Dean bites his lip, strapped back in now-unbuttoned pants, laced up boots and boxers, the only things remaining from that quickfire strip poker.
Dean smirks devilishly against Cas’ skin as he feels his eager, nimble hands start to mess with unbuckling Dean’s toolbelt.
He looks about Dean’s age too, from his speculation, or maybe a few years his senior because Dean doesn’t usually get a
Castiel pokes his tongue out and licks a stripe up Dean’s spent cock, so that he draws a sharp breath, hips arching up from the chair that creaks miserably beneath him. Dean watches with big eyes as he kisses the head, swallows the cum, just like,
his nose. It stuns Cas enough to let Dean move away and pull his gear back on, smirking triumphantly.
“I bet you could take us to my bedroom in a heartbeat,” Dean says and something flashes over Cas’ eyes. “Well, still no, I don’t
”He has nothing to do with this,” Cas deadpanned. ”Sam, must I really remind you this is very urgent? I haven’t explained to Dean it’s not someone else I love, but him. What should I do?”
”Your boyfriend,” Sam confirms, and Dean can tell by his voice he’s grinning, so he resists slapping the back of his head. ”I mean jeez. You like ’em old, huh?”
Cas squints, like Clint Eastwood, but more mischevious. ”Are you flirting with me, Dean Winchester?”
starts to play, the one that they found years ago from the Beach Boys album, of all goddamn things, about being older and being married, and Dean notices in his peripheral Sam has made his way over to the old gramophone with a shit-eating grin on his stupid moose face. He doesn’t really deem that detail important though. He kind of can’t tear his eyes away from Cas
Thunderbird scowls, a last check of his intentions, and Dean’s eyes flicker to his lips. To the hinge of his jaw, the scruffy stubble, back to his icy blue eyes. That stare is so intense, so intent, it almost makes heat rise in his cheeks.
“Uh, a little busy here,” Dean calls and then turns to Castiel in horror. He lowers his voice: “It’s my brother, tall guy, he shouldn’t— shit, don’t speak, oh my fucking god.” Dean is still hard when he stumbles towards the door and locks it. “Privacy, please! I need to do something.”
”Well as a matter of fact”, Dean starts in a mumble, speaking to the floor, ”I think I do a bit too much, Cas.”
The city depends on him. This is what he reminds himself everytime he gets lost in those eyes. There’s no time to get hooked up on feelings for another superhero in a black latex suit, who’s maybe possibly dead, and definitely an angel who somehow fell from the sky, and possesses powers unknown to man so strong he could probably be an atom bomb. But hell, he doesn’t care about that.
Dean fumbles for the pot. ”Well, then, this is for you. A thank you.” He pushes it towards him, like a dumbass who can’t express things. Just forcing a potted plant at him and hoping he accepts it. ”I was worried about you. You disappeared on me, Cas. I thought you were a goner for good.”
, staring up at the ceiling of his bedroom. He starts coughing and it feels like being punched in the ribs.
”I was in fact going to say you’re doing well for yourself,” Cas tells him solemnly. ”I would call your outfit a very wise stylistic choice… which is also not corresponding with your economy, which however,
Sam clears his throat. ”I found out some more stuff, so here goes nothing. Valkyr sounds a lot like Valentin Kyle, and I wondered about which name came first, if Kyle was a pseudonym. Well Valkyr sounds a lot like
”I apologize, Sam,” Cas supplies, smiling kindly. ”Your brother uses very strange words sometimes. Don’t let it change your habits.”
In quick succession, to another sound of surprise, Cas is lifting him off the bed and pinning him against the wall with a hard thump. Okay, so Dean
”I couldn’t have said it better myself,” Dean says in awe. He runs a hand through Castiel’s hair to fix it. Or ruin it more. The way he likes it to be, anyway. ”Okey dokey, Hellblazer, go get your coat... Let’s rock and roll.”
”Ouch,” Dean hisses, fake-injured, ”right in the heart. Alright, don’t freakin’ psychoanalyze me when I asked you first. What’s up? What’s your mumbo jumbo shit you’re working on? When are we in?”
And then the lights flicker off. The back-up ones powers on with a crack above, illuminating the small space in a dim, red light.
Dean stopped abruptly. Only the bags swung in another ominous circle around his wrists as his face scrunched up in confusion.
“Why do they wish they were older?” Castiel asks, a thoughtful expression on his face. “Are there not several songs expressing a wish for the opposite?”
He opens his eyes when a lady slides down in the seat next to him, pulling his jacket closer to himself with a polite smile. He leans his head back again and his eyelids flutter, threatening with sleep. But before they can close he lets his gaze fall on the person sitting opposite him in the bus.
Dean is still smiling when he gets up from the table and walks into said living room. Its tall windows are filled with lots of green leaf plants, which was entirely Cas’ idea and his contribution to the interior design, transported to here from his shop; it’s done easily enough when you’ve got wings. Maybe that’s why he brought so fucking many. Hell, at least it gives him a reason to keep swinging by, because otherwise Dean would just forget to water them and accidentally turn them to a crisp. He can’t just break his heart like that.
Cas takes his other hand and grips tightly behind Dean’s thigh, lifts his leg up and Dean hooks it around his waist. Like he knows exactly what he wants and he’ll take whatever he can get, which is to say all of it, and Dean just relishes in the warmth, the wetness, the all-consuming feeling of him all around him, hard against him. As if he’s there, right there on every part of his sensitive body at once.
Dean’s not himself when he’s hungry. Like the ads. But it’s true! He’s but half a man! This is clearly worse abuse than what he’s already suffered.
Dean stares up at the flower shop sign, like a challenge. Never in his life has he brought flowers. Hands deep in his pockets and an almost-pout on his face, he glances at the pizza place next door where he got a delicious, cheesy pepperoni pizza made of some sort of paradise, which was then forgotten on a rooftop, this very rooftop.
Inescapably he wakes up in the same bed with the same broken body and reminds himself: it can never happen.
Dean is hit by how earnest he sounds. Ouchie, he’s trying to get to his itsy bitsy heart? It’s closed off, anyway; no visitations, so bye-bye now, smell ya later.
”I lowered your cholesterol too,” Castiel informs him when Dean can’t find the words to speak, hand still hot, placed over his heart. ”I know you like the pizzas here so I believe it’s in both of our interests you eat as many more as your heart desires.”
Thunderbird knocks his head against the wall before and Dean hears the thump when he falls unconscious to the floor.
Dean almost wants to call Sam immediately to tell him about it. Sam is kind of like the Oracle to his Batman, monitoring from home, but if Demonblade really was like Batman he’d have a cool headset built into his mask instead of a phone in a toolbelt, and if that was the case, calling his personalized-computer-nerd would be that much easier. He’d also be able to appear out of nowhere, a badass shadow vigilante, world’s greatest detective… but somebody already took that gig from him. Appearing out of thin air and then blipping out of existence again.
”You know what,” Castiel says, eyes narrowed, backing away to inspect his masterpiece, ”I’m just starting to consider it.”
Maybe they secretly didn’t want to be saved, then. And that realisation almost has him stumbling on his feet.
Dean smiles at his chaos, eyes still on Thunderbird. If he didn’t know any better, he thinks he might just be smiling back.
honestly. Not that he would. Maybe he just, lets out a little sob, or whatever. ”Did anyone ever tell you that?”
Dean smirked sort of mischievously, and Cas took it as his invitation to lean in for a kiss. All his anxieties melted away with the soft brush of his lips. This was the man he loved.
”No inappropriate touching while I call,” he continues, a murmur against his temple where he’s planted a thousand kisses before, ”capiche?”
”Buy a girl a drink first,” Dean sputters immediately as he doubles over. ”Son of a bitch. I told you this makes me motion sick.”
Dean backs away gingerly, amusement like a glint in his eye as he openly smirks at the alien way in which the other man stares ahead. Even his body language is kind of weird at the best of times, like he doesn’t understand his own limbs, like someone wearing too-big shoes or something. Dean imagines an actual green alien sitting inside his body like it’s a costume. Dean has maybe seen
, because he could even imagine the vows: to stay exactly the way they are, because nothing would change between them, apart from the promise said out loud and the silver band he could picture on his ring finger. Its absence tears at his heart momentarily. And they would be happy.
and he grabs for anything he can at all, which ends up being the back of the chair, white-knuckling it while his cock throbs for attention,
Thunderbird, somehow, someway, looks almost fondly at Dean. ”I agree. I guess I’ve grown to enjoy listening.”
Not that he doesn’t... want it. That. The, uh... marriage. Oh god. He literally just turned 30 and he’s instantly thinking about settling down because Cas is beautiful and awesome and feels like sunshine, oh
, because someone’s out there killing random high-up business guys and they can’t seem to get on top of the game, can’t seem to figure it out with the clues at hand, can’t seem to get to the point when they can start kicking bad guy ass. And kicking bad guy ass is Dean’s favorite pastime hobby. He gets very grumpy when he doesn’t get to do it. And also when he involuntarily gets a partner in crime-fighting, but, you know. Life has a habit of kicking you when you’re down.
”Can I make a plea?” Dean breathes, grinding his hips against him filthily. He can’t take it anymore, he can’t.
”Maybe you should do me first,” Cas reasons, but his hand dips into his boxers and curls around his hard dick. Dean immediately bucks into it with a groan, but it turns frustrated when he doesn’t move. ”Open up your pretty lips again. What do you think about that?”
He raises his eyebrow at Dean clenching his jaw and saying nothing. ”Oh I see, I’m getting warmer, aren’t I?”
Dean, as it turns out, is a time optimist and struggles greatly with fitting his legs into his pants just because he kind of got maybe a little bit nervous and he ends up stumbling around the bedroom cursing for a while. He goes to check on Sam before he leaves too, asleep on his own camping bed with his laptop on the floor. Dean stops to drape a blanket over him. Then he makes himself a sandwich. Then he bolts out the door and sprints towards his car.
”You’re forgiven. You could have kept us here all night.” Cas smiles as he slips past him from the elevator, untangling his headphones with a Lana Del Rey album open in Spotify on his phone. Dean stares. ”Thanks for the rescue.”
Instead Dean licks his lips, chuckles once. ”Well. Uh.” Cas’ lips are kind of very, very, very distracting, and it kind of makes talking lose its point. ”I don’t think I can argue with that.”
“Hey, that’s not so bad,” Sam laughed. Then he shook his head. “Fate not fully restored, though. Sorry.”
Dean feels the cold before he has time to turn around. The next second it’s like someone hits him with a log and he’s flung across the room. He lands hard on the marble and slides along the polished, squeaky surface until he hits the wall. He tilts his head up to find Valkyr standing there.
(If only Dean could have scolded him using his full name right there at the table, like woah, that’s when it means danger and consequence to follow
”Uh, so. Let’s catch me up to speed.” Dean can’t quite look him in the eye, speaking to the cement in front of his feet. He counts the unbelievable deeds on his fingers. ”You’ve been here since 1929. You fell from the sky. You can fly and you can heal.”
In short, all his Greatest Hits. Furthermore, in short, being beat up for nothing makes him feel particularly whiny. (This morning had been a game of who could be loudest: Dean cursing and moaning while stretching his taut muscles, or Sam bellowing through the wall for him to shut the bleep up.)
himself to feel. And he wanted to feel it; there was a constant war in his mind over emotions and rationality, over the secrets he’d yearn for.
”It can be more than that,” Dean told him, leaning back to look him down. ”I uh, kind of wish it was
”I’m never decent,” Dean replies immediately before he gets what he implied. ”Oh, nah, actually you caught me napping. No superhero gear for bedtime so please don’t come peeping through my window or anything because I’m just in my undies over here.”
When he slides a plate of toast across the table and places the syrup bottle between them, he sighs and stops to lean against the chair opposite him. ”Look. Do we need to have an adult conversation about what words are fine to call your friends, or are you gonna be good?”
Dean hums and turns around to yawn silently. Bedtime doesn’t sound all too terrible right about now. It’s Saturday anyway so it’s not like he has anywhere to be. Might just fuel himself by sizzling up some fried up eggs first, since Sammy already had his breakfast, that fucking… avocado on toast with lawnmower clippings on top, which he swears are
”Oh.” Dean flies back to vertical position, brushing his sleeves off. He’s delirious. Maybe he just wants the guy to crack a
Dean drops his spoon. It clinks so loudly onto the plate he startles too. ”Goddamn it, Cas,” he murmurs, heat creeping up his neck. ”Shouldn’t be having those kinds of conversations at the kitchen table.”
But he stops himself. He can’t even think of what to say - nothing of substance, or lacking in cynicism - so he just stares at him instead, prompting the man to continue.
“They say money can’t buy you happiness. But I gotta say, sport, I’m pretty damn ecstatic about this house, this body. This life. Look around you, if you get a moment - oops, watch out there, superboy.” Dean ducks another blow and spits out blood. “It’s good up here at the top, isn’t it? Comfortable.”
”All those... moments,” Dean quotes with gusto from the infamous ending scene, choking on the words for dramatic effect, ”will be lost in time, like
Dean follows Sam’s gaze over his shoulder at Thunderbird being photographed, not by the press, but by another group of girls waiting in line. He chuckles at the sight. Guy looks confused as all hell, blinking at the flash on their mobile phones, hair all disheveled like he just rolled out of bed.
Dean wets his lips, lets them fall open and then stay that way. He forgot he even made that joke. And it was. A
. Because now for the rest of his life he’ll never be able to think about anything else than being married to Cas. Married. For the rest of his life.
by Kiss that fills the room with a hot, rhythmic guitar strumming, a soundtrack for sex as good as it gets. Dean turns slowly to Cas, who looks smug as all hell as he throws his trenchcoat aside, baring his lean, muscular body wrapped up in shiny latex. Like
He had found her trapped there accidentally, when he had held the only round button the New Phone offered too long, a distant conversation from the TV almost drowning out her pleading;
He sits down on the ledge around the rooftop and brushes his palms over his thighs. He only picked this building because it doubled as a pizza place downstairs, so it utterly lacks anything interesting other than a staircase to the roof, next to a flower shop. (At least it does have this very lovely ledge to sit on.)
Castiel grabs the back of Dean’s head and he only has time to draw a sharp breath before he’s kissing him.
”I’m sorry for this inconvenience,” Thunderbird continues, and Dean is still just trying to wake up and wrap his head around the situation. ”I would fly to your home but I believe this is a questionable breach of security.”
out of me,” Castiel countered, wide-eyed. ”It encourages me not to get on his bad side, which I now unfortunately have.”
A mere 15 minutes later, Dean Smith is too hot in his clothes. And it’s not only because Cas Novak is painfully attractive and achingly close to him.
That’s like, poetry that’s already been done.” Sam moved his arms as he searched for words. “A mixtape that explains how you feel?”
Dean. Not any other being bearing a male pronoun on Earth. Not Sam. Sorry, Sam,” he directed to the side but Sam vehemently waved him off, so he set his gaze upon Dean again. ”Sam is
right now while stuffing his face with some fine takeaway cuisine and/or drinking the sorrows away as if his liver’s opinion doesn’t exist.
Dean flicks his eyes up at him for a moment, then grins sheepishly. ”Take it as what you want.” He winks. ”Or maybe you take
”Nah, you ain’t seen what I can do. I’ve broken into worse places. Banks at gunpoint, the lairs of super villains, you know, the usual. I’ve got magic fingers.”
As he’d suspected, Siri announced she had found something, but it was only a list of unrelated websites. Castiel nodded.
Sparking sensations, huh. Dean is pretty sure the lights above are flickering. Or maybe it’s his eyes fluttering closed in ecstasy.
Now though, he and Sam have a room each, without damaged windows or drippy ceilings or ice cold floors. Some lady lives downstairs but it just means Dean runs into one of her cats every once in a blue moon when he stumbles out to the garage and nearly trips on one of the fluffy little bastards in the dark. There’s a pretty big, airy and light living room that leads to each of their bedrooms on either side, which works mighty fine as a sound block, of a kind. When Cas comes to visit it’s handy dandy. But Dean has an incredible stereo for KISS and AC/DC and all his other examples of why he has the greatest taste in music ever, and Sam can also put on some Taylor Swift or whatever it is he listens to, shutting out whatever
Maybe Cas should fly to the store himself and buy Dean the purple vegetable as a peace offering? No, he should deal with the issue at hand and not be led astray. But what could be done? Maybe he shouldn’t have deceived Siri like that; she really had just avenged him.
”Like everything’s a copy of a copy of a copy?” Cas asks him, smirking as his head lolls to the side towards him.
So then Dean nibbles on his neck, getting a sigh of basically pure desperation in return. He rocks his hips, just to try to tease him, make it harder to unbuckle him. Oh yeah, he thinks he’s being
Dean’s heart stutters in his chest. He stares in front of himself, at his get-up on the chair by the bed. ”Alright, let’s hold that thought,” he murmurs. ”I’ll get dressed and be there in two shakes. Uh, well. I’ll be specific: let’s meet in about 20 minutes.”
Valkyr’s real name is Valentin Kyle, right. I think the victim from last night might have been a grandson to someone he killed before. It’s like a freakin’ legacy thing. You said history was repeating itself?”
Staring at the time on the display for a moment, he’s confused and disoriented he let himself be knocked out for so long; he guesses his brother could tell he really needed it. For his beauty. And crankiness. Then he stares confused at the caller.
All the blinding lights come on at once as they walk into the middle of the entrance hall. Two large and mirrored staircases lead from the marble floor they find themselves standing on, connecting to an upper floor, and when they hear a sound from overhead, Dean realises with a start they’re standing underneath a huge, brass chandelier covered in crystals and lights.
When Castiel starts to tap at the register, he flashes his blue eyes up at Dean again. “Shame I don’t work in the pizza restaurant, and maybe we’d have figured this out earlier.” When Dean looks puzzled, Cas smiles, ducking his head away. “Dean, I know it’s you. I’d recognize your soul anywhere.”
But he doesn’t finish his sentence because he merely blinks and then he’s stumbling into his bedroom. It’s as he left it; terrible and untidy, bed sheets wrinkled from uneasy dreams about the man now standing in the middle of it, taking in his environment with deep interest.
They don’t do a lot of the superhero kind of missions these days anyway, crime rates at a pretty stable state of fine, or even good, so maybe they have a bit of an itch for adventure. But, at least Cas has been venturing through Dean’s music collection and figuring out if he likes any of it, for starters, so that’s been quite the journey to come home to, tapes and records scattered all over the wooden floors with a tiny Cas in the middle draped with a blanket and eyes big and joyful. He might just be pretending, but Dean gives him some merch as gifts either fucking way. He looks hot, so, it’s a win-win. Suck it.
”You wear one too”, Thunderbird acknowledges. He doesn’t even spare a glance at Dean, which is not fair. He’s looking all distractingly intense, staring at that wall like he’s solving a very important mathematical problem, and none of this is fair. ”It’s customary to conceal one’s identity. I apologize, were you not aware?”
when they felt like they jumped right into a David Fincher movie at best, or like, a David Lynch one. It tends to feel like that when one’s perception of reality gets warped, which is how the story goes as you go running into violence and ancient entities left and right. But, Dean has assimilated. He’s totally completely fine, he’s
witness it - like those news articles all bragged about and claimed to have happened, when he hears a sudden noise as if something wooshes through the air - somehow like the flap of wings? - and when he turns around with the pizza halfway to his partially unmasked face, Thunderbird stands there in his leather trenchcoat and watches him with strange interest.
Dean interrupts to explain to Thunderbird, who nods, before pointing a finger at Sam, ”and complains about a
Castiel’s eyes fall on Dean’s body where his chest lays unconcealed, at each rise and fall. It’s worse than ever, to be fair. Blue, red and purple in all the wrong places. At least he has some hickeys now to make up for it. A few marks of love beside the ones of hate.
”When I fell down it was October 15th, 1929,” Thunderbird continues in the usual, monotone rasp. As if that’s just, a
”You told me about this once,” Castiel recalls. ”This time, you seemed— occupied.” His eyes flick to Dean’s lips. ”But I observed, before I left.” (Oh my fucking god.) ”And I listened, specifically… to the sounds you made.” His eyes drift down, down. ”I believe you found great joy in the video.”
He’s struck with that feeling again, like when he saw the man on the bus. Logically, he knows he can’t be
The large lock hanging on the door is a telltale sign that unwarranted guests should be kept at a distance, though, so at least someone put some effort into making the place interesting, like maybe someone had something to protect after all.
Dean scrunches his nose up in silent disagreement. He’d rather stay here, being warm, happy and useless.
Dean’s voice almost gone with how far past horny he is. He furrows his brow a little to try and cover it up, clears his throat again. ”Yes, dear? And what would that be?”
And when the man removes his trembling hands from around his severed neck, the cut is healed, and all the blood is gone from off their bodies.
The best thing, though, is the people. The safe set of arms to embrace him when he comes home. He never knew he’d been so lonely until he got all he could have ever wanted.
. I got motion sick travelling your whacko ways.” He tugs it open, avoiding Thunderbird’s devastatingly blue eyes and gestures wildly. ”Ladies first.”
, now his cock is so hard and so close to him and so right there, his voice gruff and demanding, it makes all those wants and needs within him pump hotly through his body and urges him to move this along faster, oh so much faster.
Cas purses his lips thoughtfully for a moment. Ah, screw that. Now Dean just wants to grab his tie and kiss him right there across the table. “How old should one be to get married?”
”No,” Dean seethes, scanning for his best plan of action. He grips the blade handle so hard his knuckles crack. ”Everyone has a motive. Even a bitch like you.”
”Life is short,” Dean shrugs, voice hoarse, faking a smile but he’s feeling frustrated. With his wounds showing despite desperate attempts to hide them. With Castiel and how he could think such beautiful things about him. ”And it’s sucky. This business is hard and draining. Who
”I understand,” Castiel replied, “but perhaps I can entice more anger out of you.” Dean furrowed his brow. “As you mentioned pebbles and
Dean arches an eyebrow as Castiel sinks down from his lap and, kneeling in front of him, flicks his eyes up to meet his gaze so that Dean’s stomach twists up. Because, despite feeling about as good as pink jell-o, Cas on his knees with the skewed damn cowboy hat on top of his head, from behind which his blue blue
The cellphone he’d obtained previously was simpler and worked just as fine; it had buttons, for one, some of which he could use to navigate into a section the phone called
Dean is so stunned, he just sits up and grabs his face and kisses him, kisses him hard and sincere, and nothing even hurts. He doesn’t know how to say thank you. He hopes he conveys it well enough with the way he pours every ounce of emotion into the brush of their lips.
Castiel’s chest rises, he stops himself. Then he tries again. ”I’ve been considering,” he says, as if he’s still searching for words, ”if maybe I misspoke to you. If, maybe I never fell. Maybe there was some other way.”
”Her deceit is still in the conversation rectangles,” Castiel explained solemnly before Sam pulled the phone towards himself. ”I asked her to tell Dean I love him, and. She said that. Exactly that. I should have said
he whispers into his hair, the other hand playing with Dean's suspenders and making Dean shudder when he brushes past his nipple through his shirt. ”Good just for me?”
”I thought it was right,” Castiel says blankly with a furrow between his bright blue eyes. ”You don’t like this?”
”You might know I’ve been here a while.” Thunderbird actually looks to be reminiscing. ”The newspapers think I took this role from someone, but it was always me.”
”Wow,” Sam declared unhelpfully. He shook his long locks and put the phone down. ”I miss simpler times when he just texted you pictures from his recipe book.”
. Not just literally. But he also kind of needs to get out of more of these clothes or he might spontaneously combust.
”Hey, so you’re not so bad after all,” he murmurs, knocking his knuckles gently against Thunderbird’s arm. He feels warmth as he drags them down the leather sleeve, a warmth so inviting, so nice.
It makes Castiel stop in his steps, considering. What were the rules for these situations? Dean doesn’t like to be watched sleeping, okay, this he knew. No matter how beautiful and calming Cas could find him to be, whether bundled up and fully clothed and an anxious tenseness in his position, or sprawled across the messy sheets, tired and bruised, like he just dropped his body there and could rise no more; no matter what, Cas still finds himself to be endlessly in love with him.
It’s both an answer to the previous question and an inquiry in general. What would awake Dean want him to do? What does asleep Dean want of him in this moment? It’s common to ask for a glass of water, Cas recalls. Maybe a glass of warm milk. Do they have any milk? He’d go buy some, if the closest store was still open. He’d simply have to go to one further away.
,” he emphasises with turning around, ”so I believe it’s actually deemed as fair that you should trust me back.”
Dean swallows down and Cas blurts out incoherent blasphemies. Dean never even heard him curse before, might it be because they’re always in a work environment… but he takes that as a win.
“You should specify the conditions,” Castiel answers, despite it all. “I don’t know what you’re asking of me.”
They start to rock from side to side together, making a slow dance out of it. Dean’s eyes fall repeatedly on Cas’ lips, so close to his own, still behind the mask, until he gives up and lets his gaze stay there for good. He’s not sure he can tell anyway. This is fine. Dean is burning up from inside out, but this is totally fine.
”When this tall man isn’t my HR guy,” Dean starts to explain, ”recruiting trenchcoat dudes to my Demonblade crusades, he helps with other stuff, yeah. Figuring out clues and like, checking info. He loves nerding it up.”
”Evening, boys,” he rasps out, heart beating hard again. Like there's a ghost feeling of Cas' hands on his body still lingering and making his stomach do summersaults. ”Good work. Go home and get some sleep yourselves.”
The silence settles between them, enough to even make Dean uncomfortable. Dean, regular ole Dean, but Demonblade as well; it shows in how he grinds his jaw and looks away into the distance, walking next to Thunderbird through the dimly lit backstreets. Dean is good at shoving his feelings away like a box in the attic, apart from when he’s with Thunder and it all goes to shit, boxes falling chaotically through the floor, breaking from the weight of too many put away. Well. At least it goes with his vigilante shtick to be salty.
”How does it feel to be 30, Dean-osaur?” Sam asks him eventually over his plate, sharing the small kitchen table they acquired from Ikea a while ago. Which is kind of crazy, seeing as most of their furniture used to be found on the street, or at various flea markets. Now they’re shopping where normal people go, apparently, and that’s a really, very cool thing.
”Huh.” Dean gets up to look over Sam’s shoulder, but it’s so much text his brain gets tired just looking at it. ”What else?”
”Yeah well,” Dean mutters, refusing to get flustered just because he likes Cas a little more right now than he did last week. ”Rich dudes kind of scare me anyway. Life fast, eat trash, I say. I couldn’t save up to this even if I tried to be frugal.”
”I should tell you,” Castiel adds before they reach the fence surrounding the building, ”something is compromising my strength. I guess, weakening me.”
feel the frustration bubble over his edges, like a pot left on the stove. ”Wife at home listening in on your conversation with your…
“You’re with me, Dean,” Castiel says and wets his lips, having Dean staring transfixed at him, only to be stared back at exactly the same. “I’m going to tie your hands now.”
”Then what’s yours, superboy? Why do you fight crime?” Dean snaps his head back to him and Slade casually waves his hand as he explains. ”Hero syndrome?
- Dean saunters up quietly and sinks down into the chair. Unable to see Castiel where he stands somewhere behind him, he clenches his jaw in discontentment.
Dean had kind of forgotten about that and it comes back to him like a punch square in the gut. Ouch, right in the internalized homophobia.
”Very much,” Dean confirms, holding back a surprised laugh. He supposes that’s what he deserves after all the nicknames. Shouldn’t bite the hand that feeds you, though, but he doesn’t feel snarky enough to say it.
“Now that you’re 40 ish, or 42, specifically,” this ridiculous, gorgeous, beautiful idiot man starts to say solemnly, but that smile is undeniable, and Dean realises with a shock and a half he’s got an
They reach a door that resembles a vault at the end of the corridor which Thunderbird - Dean swears - opens by just pushing his hand out in front of himself. No touchy. No feely. Just Dean silently gawking as it slowly swings open, to reveal...
”Wealth doesn’t correlate one’s sense of organizing trends and patterns in an aesthetically pleasing way.” Castiel lets his eyes travel down Dean’s body, which appears to be for
Cas groans, his other hand gripping desperately into his hair too. Dean kinda even wishes he could express how he loves it too. ”Feels
Valkyr starts hitting Dean all over his body, has him trashing back against the wall. He’s inhumanly strong - which makes total sense, fucking unfortunately - and Dean sees the handle of a knife, sword or something else that’s very bad news if he was to puncture Dean’s neck with it sitting in the waistband of his pants, before he punches his jaw and his vision betrays him, ears starting to ring.
”Or figure yourself out,” Sam fills in, eyes on the pages, ”like what am I gonna do? What am I gonna be?”
”Again, why do you speak to birds?” Cas whispers to Dean, who’s feeling appreciative the meaning of the word went over his head, and that he didn’t need to explain it.
But a lot of hunters get married, a little devil on his shoulder whispers into his consciousness all of a sudden. Life like this, you never know if you’ll see the next sunrise; last night on earth and crap like that. Dean already kicked the bucket enough times to know that, got his ass offed thrice or, what comes after that? Frice? A good hundred times if Sam’s memory serves him right? Gist of it is, you take your shot at that point, and you
to spend more time down in the dirty for longer than strictly necessary. He has a video conference to get back to, which makes it totally necessary he gets back to his office 25 minutes before it starts, which totally gives him a reason to just stay in the doorway, waving his arm to grab his attention.
Eyes downcast, the man across fiddles with the loose piece of plaster around his finger, hunched in the seat like he’s trying not to be seen. He’s in a midnight blue suit, ironed neatly, and Dean allows himself to be mesmerized. He’s too groggy (after 3 hours of sleep and equal amounts of coffee cups) to care what he looks like doing it; the man is an anomaly in the fluorescent lights, mismatched from the normalities, and once Dean is looking, he can’t deny he stares.
When he follows him moments later, he might just see stars. His body locks up. It takes way too long to regain his composure but, fuck it, he could stay right here forever.
Dean would choke if he had anything to choke on. Instead he just feels his ears burn red as he scrambles back in his chair, eyes large and embarrassingly startled. Sam laughs behind his hand. Dean silently hates him.
They hang up the call again after a moment, following how Sam confirms he found out the other businessmen who have been found dead were indeed related to men in the same line of work, way back in the day.
“God, Cas,” Dean whispers and has to put the pot away so he won’t actually lose his brain and let it smash. (Pot or brain? Both, definitely both.) “I had no idea you’d be here, I… I swear I’m not a stalker.”
”Even after all we’ve been through? Don’t answer that.” Dean picks up a slice and sighs. He holds his breath then, hesitates. ”Do you think you can tell me your name now?”
have been a good phone because Castiel had never heard of bricks full of electric circuits, apart from maybe houses made of bricks. But phones were small. Such science was beyond man. He suspected Dean just wanted to be able to send him the little yellow faces that so often filled their conversations via text message these days, which he’d also had to grow accustomed to. (Dean also sent a purple vegetable sometimes next to a yellow hand clenched to a fist. Not recognizing the vegetable or its apparent importance, Castiel just let him continue as long as it made him happy.)
He doesn’t really know what to say at that point. That was divine fucking intervention. It was rapture.
like Superman? Admittedly, Cas still didn’t really know what this phrase meant, other than that it was a
”That maybe I was stationed here. I don’t have any memory still, but. It’s like something tells me I’m wrong. That I can’t possibly have fallen. It’s a fall from
Rest assured, the brothers had both adapted pretty well given their circumstances, which is to say, after the
Thunderbird squints. ”Fermented dairy on greased up gluten is indeed an interesting combination,” he says mildly, and Dean is already rolling his eyes, ”but I'll have to decline your offer of sharing this cholesterol together.”
it. If this is happening, and if it may never happen ever again… because he really must have lucked the fuck out this time and he doesn’t know what the hell he did to deserve it… Then it should be done
He hooks a leg around Castiel and their bodies brush harshly together, erections throbbing and hard beneath the gear. “Fuck, we have to get this off,” Dean grumbles, feeling out of breath already.
”Pull off,” he orders abruptly and Dean does, eyes glazed and lips raw and open as he jerks him off the rest of the way, watching with big eyes.
That was all on Dean. Being buddies. Sharing body heat, because it was kind of cold in the bunker, being underground and all that jazz, and sometimes Cas blew out all the light bulbs in the room when Dean took his hand or kissed his collarbone as a goodnight. Dean kind of had a lot of feelings that maybe sometimes outweighed the self-hatred, is all. Things he’d never felt, or just, never had
person. Big, green eyes like a deer in headlights, mouth falling open a bit. Castiel, in turn, stops wiping his hands off with a rag and squints at him.
They don’t speak for a moment, just the sound of the wind chiming gently against metal panels. This is quite the rendezvous, huh. He chuffs his boots against the cement below his soles.
”I had a crush on you here, honeybee,” he’ll shyly admit at one of the dozens of polaroids of them together, smiling fondly at Castiel Winchester’s awe where he’ll sit with his head on his shoulder, following where he points his attention to on the glossy pages.
Castiel nods his head from side to side, like he must have seen Dean do. Dean smiles at the fact he’s so goddamn adorable. “Maybe you can just bring your mask up a little,” he suggests. ”You’ve already done this once previously. You see me all the time.”
”Can I?” he asks, fingers already back down his body and hooking his fingers into the elastic, and he only has to register a curt nod before he’s pulling them down as his hands go down his body again. Dean might not have sucked a tremendous amount of dick, but he still loves to get to give some pleasure, loves to have girls riding his face and have their thighs trapping him as he jerks himself off. He still thinks Cas is beautiful. ”Fuck,
”Sure thing, you very vile abomination,” Dean confirms enthusiastically, finger-gunning him. ”How about you, stardust? Care to join his sinning?”
And down the drain go the plans of not getting flustered as Dean imagines Castiel back in his bedroom, doing more sacreligious things in each others’ company. Trying everything. The bed, for one. That’s a given they kind of missed.
Cas purses his lips in Dean’s peripheral, deep in thought. ”So,” he starts, and Dean squares his shoulders, ”the bi thing…”
“You’re better at that, ya know, touchy feely stuff.” Dean waves his hand experimentally, overconfidence in that anything he even says makes sense. “You got hitched, dude.”
Once, Dean kicked butt of a failed military experiment who was still cruising the base, so that’s kind of what he’s reminded of now. Guy had some super strength as an advantage but, you know, whatever, his stories usually end with lethally plunging nine inches of steel into a shitty person, so he wouldn’t exactly be a joy at parties.
”He was a gangster, Dean,” Sam continues, ignoring him. His eyes are wide as he turns around to him. ”Wealthy, a crime boss. He was wanted for killing other guys in the business. Competitors, I bet.”
”Answer the fucking question or you’ll be chop suey,” Dean bellows, pulling out a sharp, long blade with a noise that rings around the open area.
”Yeah,” Dean chuckles quietly, mesmerized by his eyes for the millionth time. He’ll be mesmerized a million times more, he’s sure. ”Fine like this. I’ll take it anyday, over anything else.”
Cas slumps back against the wall. ”I guess we wait.” He slides down on his haunches. ”Unless we kill each other first.”
Thunderbird saunters up, hands in his pockets. He looks at Dean, and Dean finds himself looking back silently, fighting away the blush boiling his face alive, even in the crispy cold of the early AM.
You’re the one who just told him I help you. Don’t you think it’s fair he knows, when I come saving your ass—”
”What touching?” Cas asks, smirking into the crook of his neck as his hands drop lower from his waist, and Dean sighs for about three different reasons.
”I think you’re a sub,” Cas clarifies and when Dean meets his eyes, they seem just as hazy. But fuck, in this red light, his angelic eyes are missing their heavenly blueness, and he even looks devilish. That’s hot. ”Do you disagree?”
He feels his dick twitch where it’s strapped an inch from Castiel’s thigh he so badly wants to rut against, and and hopes to god he can resist whimpering (but as it turns out he’s just about ready to start
“Easy, tiger,” Dean chuckles and kisses his neck, turning into sucking hard on the skin. His hands slide down his arms, feeling his muscles work and shift beneath the layer of latex. ”We can’t have sex with all these clothes on. Stop trying.”
So that means there’s a pattern, the next of kin to men in Valkyr’s circle way back in the day being hunted and killed. So now it’s just a matter of tracing it. Predicting the next blow.
He comes back down from the high with his chest still heaving. Cas still pumping, his panting breath hot over Dean’s skin.
And, yet! The fucker never even reacted. He never swooned, never complained, never nothing. Nada. Zero. Just scowled, or had an intense stare-off, or nearly hate-fucked him against the wall, clearly. Or, well. That was just Dean’s plaintive wishes.
should not do things to him. A building, however, should also not randomly shut down with a power failure, but lo and behold, very strange things happen sometimes.
“Dean, you’re not in school”, Cas answers softly. He considers putting the comforter back properly over his body, but he looks so beautiful. So beautiful, he just keeps standing there and looks, idolizing, at the gentle curves of his body, the tanned skin scarred and discolored with bruises, the dusting of freckles on his soothed face, fingers calloused and several times sprained where they softly grip the pillow. His chest rises and falls with each calm breath, such softness to the edge. He should never stop having good dreams. “And I’ve never even been to school.”
He makes sure to scan his face, makes sure he’s not overstepping. If he changes his mind, Dean will instantly walk away.
”I’d fuck you but also kill you,” Dean says, kind of too tired to think of the consequences of that sentence. ”Preferably in that order.”
”This was good for you?” Cas asks, eyes big, and Dean is very happy to report he’s definitely still ruggedly sexy. ”You’re feeling happy?”
”I’m clean,” Cas points out. His voice is still so casual, if just a smitch darker. It rumbles down Dean’s spine like a shiver. ”And you have nice hands, too.”
”Hey, her name is Baby and she’s a queen!” Dean barks with an accusing finger pointed at him, which Cas just raises an eyebrow at, accompanied by a smirk.
He raises his head just to catch a glimpse of Cas’ flushed cheeks and adorably big, dopey grin. The mixtape has moved on to
Dean looks up. Thunderbird is turned away, so he doesn’t know what his expression is. Kind of seems like he can’t express them anyway, but Dean sure can try to figure him out anyway.
when he pulls the zip down swiftly and his hand disappears below his boxers, but doesn’t help Dean regain any sanity whatsoever.
”I’m not aware of these and I don’t believe they exist,” Cas murmurs as Dean rubs his hard cock through the shiny fabric, voice becoming huskier, breathing ragged, ”but I’d give that up to touch you.”
”Keep begging,” Cas suggests more than he commands, but Dean still rushes forward and mouths over the outline in his dress slacks.
shakes the floor. When his eyes focus again, the chandelier has crashed into the marble floor, Castiel somewhere underneath in the rubble and broken glass. Dean can’t fucking see him.
Until one door, when he pushes through and it’s a dimly lit room. Blinking as his eyes adjust he jumps when Thunderbird opens a large door opposite him to a loud squeak of the old metal hinges, but his eyes fall back to movement in the middle.
Dean tangles his hands in his hair as he starts to figure out a pace, slowly first, almost painstakingly slow. Dean grips him harder, silently begging him to go faster, but his whiney noises might just communicate it well enough.
Dean blinks back. Blinks more. Then he frowns. ”You know what, blow me,” he quips, then he turns back to the pan with a scoff.
Besides, Cas is pulling himself back into his slacks and dropping back to his knees. With one hand he shoves a big-eyed Dean back against the wall, and with the other he pulls him out of his pants.
Dean clarifies, feeling flustered, like what the heck? Thunderbird shouldn’t go thinking… thoughts. Dean is
Castiel hums something affirmative, and seems to sink into the mattress even more, pliant and soft. Or maybe it’s just Dean drifting calmly to sleep.
Cas’ eyes are wide and watchful when he gets up in his lap, still inside, thighs bracing his waist. He puts his tentative hands on Dean’s waist, splaying out over bruised skin.
“Light the bastard up!” Thunderbird orders and Dean miraculously catches the lighter in his trembling hand. Valkyr seems as shocked as he is; the next second, Dean is clicking life into a flame and placing it to his old-fashioned suit, which immediately sets ablaze.
The door swings open behind Thunderbird, and Dean spins around. The second henchmen comes out jeering. ”Aw, you guys! The pretty boy got himself a pretty boyfriend! Nice
Dean’s grin only grows. Something squirms funnily inside him, fuzzy and warm. He’s pretty sure that’s the closest thing he can use to describe what he’s currently feeling, looking into Thunderbird’s eyes.
Thunderbird stops and turns around so abruptly Dean almost falls on his face trying to halt himself. ”Demonblade, I’ve
. Doesn’t seem familiar whatsoever. But it was in use decades upon decades ago, and Dean didn’t attend a lot of history lessons.
Dean hums in acknowledgement. ”Are you sure he took over from someone? He doesn’t, you know, sparkle in the sun?”
if you need any song recommendations and stuff. In particular if you like classic rock, in which case, you're already winning.
”Well, what you’re doing, preferably. And what I can do to help other than stand around like a goddamn muppet.”
”Well, Mr. Smith,” Cas deadpans at him, ”some of us choose to not drive old scraps of metal with weird pet names.”
if you want me to,” he adds, flicking his blue eyes up momentarily to meet Dean’s (scandalised) ones. ”And I think you do.”
He’s used to Castiel coming and going from the (Batcave) bunker, as he does, almost as much as he’s used to him walking in with a T-shirt he borrowed from Dean the night before, paired with the blue Star Wars pajama pants he got him for Christmas (emphasis on
It’s all only to realise, the man is slowly tilting his head away - never meant to pause, never meant to stop Dean’s world - and, looking up at the moving text on the display, he’s rising. He stands. It’s his stop. And he.
And Cas would be beautiful and bright-eyed and they’d stand there holding one another, among flowers and shit like that and their friends all dressed up and bruised from hunts but joy would hide all the pain, and Cas would understand fuck-all about ceremonies or traditions but it wouldn’t matter, because he would smile at Dean and he would feel like
And he’s by Dean’s side. And he’s grabbing the lighter from his weakened hand, throwing it into the fire in front of them, watching a small explosion begin to expand before Castiel grabs Dean’s wrist and it all fades out like an old cartoon closing the black circle on the ending scene.
proud of him), but he does not, in fact, want that six and a half feet dick and his surfer hair flopping all over him. No thanks.
The living room also has a TV, which is pretty cool, and a book case for their movie collection they’re starting to build; they plow through a few every weekend so Dean can teach Cas all about them (or: gush and swoon and blabber, but he accepts that too). Dean has even started making quite a collection of his CDs, cassettes and vinyls, but he feels a little protective over those and keeps them in his room instead, with his bed, and his closet full of actual clean and hole-free clothes, a matching set of star-print jammies, and some more spare outfits for his boyfriend.
Dean can imagine that if Thunderbird showed even the slightest trace of human emotion, he’d be rolling his eyes. (He assumes he doesn’t even move a muscle.) ”What do you wish to know?”
waiting for his treat right there on his knees, in his half-assedly unbuttoned shirt and wayward suspenders.
”You know,” Dean started to say, in that murmur that Cas liked so much, almost like a purr, “you kind of text like you’re fixing Heaven. Very,
ringing in his head currently as he goes walking up to the little stand of birthday cards and other shit. His eyes widen at a card with a big heart on and puts it away promptly. But it’s too late and suddenly all he can focus on are the bouquets of roses, pink or red. All he can think about is telling Cas how much he means to him.
”Well,” Dean mutters, ”I’ve felt pretty lucky lately, if you ask me.” He doesn’t elaborate. ”Uh, but I was never one for wishing and praying and stuff like that, anyways. So I guess you’re onto something there.”
feel pleasant emotions. Happiness.” His face softens in a smile. “Somehow, it has worked on several occasions.”
“Where…” Dean wheezes, mouth feeling full of cotton balls. So Cas is the first thing on his mind, whether conscious or not. His eyes dart up to try to focus on Sam before he knows he’ll inevitably slip back into comfortable darkness. “Sunshine...?”
”Jesus, Dean,” Cas breathes, finally breaking down himself. His pants fall around his ankles and Dean rubs his eager hands up to the front of his thighs, dipping below his rumpled shirt and touching the V-cut.
, Dean is kind of resisting physically holding his dick down (bad boy, stay!) so, rest assured, he’d be horrifyingly embarrassed if he wasn’t so damn turned on already... it’s like the whole world feels kind of hazy, the lines of morals and what-have-yous kind of blurred and melty.
Warmth floods Dean’s entire body. ”Oh?” He blinks rapidly and his knees wobble, but he’d never admit that out loud. ”Is that so?”
He looks so sad it makes Dean’s chest ache. ”Don’t beat yourself down like that, man,” he says weakly.
”Oh no,” Cas says as he sits back up. ”And we can’t have that. We need to utilize this very unsatisfactory situation.”
It had happened like this: Dean had been flying solo for a few months and, thing is, Robin ain’t shit without Batman, and Spiderman is kind of a bore without Deadpool snarkily snapping back at him, and Dean had just been kind of dreaming of another rugged guy to come join him and at least take some of the punches that got so generously handed out by local villains (like, come on, the bruises were getting kind of
convince himself his staring is in order for himself to monitor Thunderbird. So he could keep earning his place. Yeah, that’s a good reason. A good motive. Thunderbird could keep showing him how he wields a blade, for example, and if it’s still to Dean’s liking.
Thunderbird wraps his hand around Dean’s wrist, his touch hot on his skin, and within a second they’re back to the top of the building they were hours earlier, above pizza place and flower shop, above life with all its turmoil. He doesn’t let go immediately, and Dean revels in the feeling, the tiniest touch, before they drop their hands to their sides again. The moment passed.
”I don’t understand,” Thunderbird says, squinting. ”You also work personally with the very tall man?”
Sam looks concerned at him. Dean might be feverdreaming, but still, he gets it. ”He brought you here, and then I don’t know where he went.” Dean’s stomach twists with guilt, so painfully he almost groans. ”He was pretty roughed up, but I think he’ll be fine, Dean, so don’t worry about it for now. It’ll only do you worse.”
Sam breathes out heavily through his nose and Dean secretly smirks. ”Big uprise in crime, to keep it short. Bonnie and Clyde, you know, that stuff.”
“Hey, the only thing stronger than my love for icing bad guys is my self control!” Dean counters defensively, blushing furiously.
”About last time.” Dean clears his throat, trying not to start blushing. He thumbs across the collar, furrows his brow. ”I uh, never got to thank you for that, did I? You saved my ass, hauling me out like that.”
Thunderbird tilts his head menacingly, apparently unphased by any tensions suddenly found in Dean’s body. The grip on him only seems to
Maybe someone to flirt with at the water-coolers. Maybe someone to come home to. Share his desserts with.
Thunderbird doesn’t respond to his panic, instead he looks around himself with squinting eyes. At first, Dean can only think he needs to start
”I’m seducing you,” Castiel says simply, and oh, Dean has suddenly become a warm puddle on the floor.
”Yeah,” Sam answers, discarding the rag so suddenly Dean has to bite down on his lips not to curse. ”It seems like he took the role off of someone else who’s been spotted around Kansas, since around the 1930’s. It’s mentioned in a lot of old newspapers, not just local ones either. Guy was kind of a hit sensation back in the day. But, you know how the
“Getting my fair share of the famous duo.” Sam’s in a snapback to shield his face somewhat, camera flashes be damned. Dean makes a mental note to point out later how he should be wearing a warmer jacket for this time of night, and that he should most importantly
He sits down at the ledge like he had done, looking up at the man before him. His beauty, still, is nothing short of
“Right. It’s just about having a bright outlook on the future.” Sam shrugs half-heartedly, grinning faintly. “I think uh, it was just kind of a scam to get teenage girls to want to tie the knot instead of being
”Huh. Whack.” Dean snuggles into his shoulder. ”Then if you got nothing better to do, maybe your protective duty starts now. Just lie here and be comfy while I rest my eyes for a sec.”
”Dean thinks I’m in love with you,” Castiel explained, matter-of-factly, and it sounded even worse when he said it out loud.
”Yes,” Cas confirms, ”if you remember so well. So I worry that I won’t be of my most use. But I’ll still try for you.” It doesn’t make any of Dean’s fears subdue; they erupt instead, as sudden as a Jack-in-the-box. Cas, of course, is unphased. ”Let’s go.”
Dean waves him off. ”Gist of it is, you report to me, alright? Which I don’t see you doing so, chop chop, back to work.” He stops yelling across the room - and, ultimately, into various phone calls of the yellow-shirted salespeople - only when he sees the glares that meet him. He points two fingers at them all, eyeing them down. ”That goes for
”Agreeable conditions, Freckles,” Cas comments, smiling gently. He is - figuratively, and literally - an
Then he bolts up, flies out the door - gets caught as it’s closing, wrestles himself through - and disappears into the crowd. He keeps the midnight blue shape in his sight.
Dean splays his own hand over Cas’  and guides him slowly, spreading the precum so that he has to bite back a moan. ”That’s what you want, huh?” he murmurs and grips Cas’ arm instead when he starts moving hid hand on his own. ”Yeah, yeah.
”Yes you can,” he pipes in, confused, and Dean has to stop right as he’s about to pull away and sprint towards the building. ”It will take a moment to get there. Please be patient.”
And that, that seems to do something. Great, so, Dean’s dom kink isn’t only being maintained for the sake of his entertainment. It’s fucking
Suddenly they’re both wiping their hands (pitifully) on their jackets and scrambling up on shaky legs. Before the lift reaches the ground level, they’re both standing there red-cheeked and wide-eyed, covering their crotches and dishevelled shirts with said jackets, which in turn keeps the cum stains hidden to their best ability.
And Cas Novak is easily spotted in the white shirt amongst the unappealing yellow, tucked into his dark, belted slacks and standing by one of the employees so that Dean just has to groan inwardly, because he
”I wouldn’t do that unless you want to join your friend.” While Dean tries to find the source in the turmoil and flying sawdust, he sees hands wrap casually around the railing of the staircase upstairs. ”Is that your formal title, by the way? You seem to be a little closer from what I’ve gathered. Maybe I’ve hit a sore spot.”
that makes Dean gasp. Not the way his aching cock touches Castiel’ thigh as it brushes past him, or the way his stomach goes through an entire rollercoaster ride of the dirtiest, most burning hot emotions.
, up until about the 1950's. They didn’t know if he was a vigilante or something of the supernatural, or just a myth. Some really thought he’s a saint or an angel sent from Heaven, with the way he came to save people.”
, because it’s like? 2 AM? Well, Sam is very wise for figuring out he can avoid Dean going all big brother duty on him this way. “I’m a
”I don’t think he’s a vampire, no,” Sam offers. Dean closes his eyes again and gets comfy while Sam rustles with his equipment. ”I’m thinking, since he’s been spotted a lot less over the years, whoever he is doesn’t like to play the part as much as the last one he took over from.”
Thunderbird seems concerned. Dean never wanted that happiness to fleet from his beautiful face. ”Some things I can’t explain to you, but that house had writing on it invisible to your eyes. A shield of sorts. It weakened me significantly, and as it turned out, I was drained temporarily of power when we were harmed.”
Cas suddenly puts his hand over Dean’s and guides him to rub properly down his front, and Dean thinks he gasps louder than Cas does. His fingers rub down the length of him, straining against the front, and Dean just wants to dig his hand inside and feel him for real.
Dean can feel how his face lights up at that. It’s just gentle eyes observing each other then, and in a way, it’s like the rest of the world melts away.
”Maybe I was stationed to protect you,” Cas continues and meets Dean’s eye. He looks surprised himself.
. He’s liking his worthless bottom energy as much as Dean is loving his direction and control in return.
” He shakes his head in confusion, as if to erase his thoughts and try again. ”You- where? When? In the bath and hit your head or what do you
Like he just hit the point of asphyxiation that sends him swimming through pleasure. Like he’s been trembling against ropes on his wrists and surrendering control to whoever is in front of him. Like Thunderbird could just lean in right now and slot a toned thigh between his legs and pin his arms above his head and Dean would just
Dean thinks of the midnight blue suit on the bus. Icy eyes. Electric. Is this the life Castiel chose over crime fighting? Had he tried to retire? Or did the newcomers - like Dean - simply take his spot?
”Right. So…” Dean pursed his lips momentarily, like he considered his options. “Can we make up now?”
they had him against a wall the night before without even having touched him. That they could, as easily as that, have him up against the wall again, if only his mouth was there to cover him too.
”Did you know that penguins are monogamous and give each other pebbles as a token of lifelong bond?” Castiel continued with content.
Feeling a little spooked, he pouts. ”You know, we’re all freaks here, man,” he tries, ”dressing up like this and beating up bad guys. I pass no judgement whatever your style is, Mister Latex and Trenchcoat,” he adds in a mumble, trying to hit him where it hurts just to get any reaction at all. ”But if we’re gonna work together, we should learn to deal with each other.”
Until he realises he’s standing in the middle of a townsquare, spinning aimlessly, his goddamn leg burning with pain and there isn’t any lean, midnight blue man in sight. He stands like an idiot, breathing heavily, headphones now around his neck thumping out
bar instead, that went very cold in his hands when temperature dropped, that lied about battery percentage during said drops in temperature and even stopped to allow its function like some sort of playing dead mechanism. It was large and more clumsy. Dean said if he dropped it the screen would crack. Castiel didn’t see the appeal. He liked his so-called brick.
He’s scared, to be honest. A little too close to terrified. He cares so damn much about Castiel now, and goddamn it, he should have never allowed himself to get so close, he should have never allowed himself to feel. Because now the nagging thought of
it was really him; he sure wouldn’t recognize him back anyway, given Dean’s full cover when they’re on a job. But now, studying his hair, dark and soft with some wayward, unruly strands, Dean thinks he knows. He thinks. No, maybe he just
”Agreed,” Castiel affirms breathlessly. His hair is so screwed up and lips so kissed raw, he looks like he’s had sex. Which is quite the sight for sore eyes, but it’s just that Dean is kind of very thorough, and handsy and messy and a little bit rough. In turn, he hopes Cas learns to do the same to him. ”I have some more ideas in mind, as well.”
But, it seemed that Dean had been speaking to him, so he ought to be awake. Cas silently damns the fact, because it’s so hard to get him to sleep sometimes. However, this must mean it’s, as you say,
”I’ll drink to that,” Dean huffs, patting his toolbelt for his flask of liquor. ”Actually, no. I should be sober for this so I don’t think it was just a dream tomorrow.” He breathes out, slowly, slowly.
”What the hell?” Dean wheezes under his breath, heat creeping into his face, mind spinning, heart pounding.
He turns back to him, breaks into a smile. He places his hand on Thunderbird’s cheek. ”God bless you, Feathers, and your weird little brain. Never change.”
As soon as he’s out of ear shot, Sam Wesson snorts. ”Will he ever stop riding your ass?” he questions out loud.
. Only plausibly, because it’s kind of hard to see beneath any regular vigilante costume, and especially this guy thinking he’s hot shit in a black eye mask and trenchcoat get-up, on top of the shiny black latex bodysuit...
Basically, if he tried to keep it in the friendzone before this, it’s a power of will that’s currently leaving straight out the window. But? He shouldn’t be turned on by dressing up. He knows this. Only by dressing down, because that’s logical, that makes
He hands travel up his body, rounding his back, goes back to squeezing his ass as he thrusts into him. When his fingers go ghosting closer to his crack Cas actually whines, he’s sure of it, and god if it doesn’t bring him one step closer to actually jizzing into his pants.
a bit too heavy to drop still - but at least he hopes all that adoration he feels his heart full to the brink of got shown through the dozen mixtapes he’s made over the months, signed for his Cas, or his Sunshine, or something else entirely that the mood calls for, with two x’s for two kisses at the end. Hell, he just knows too many good songs to not make use of them. He may not be good with words, but he’s very good with memorizing cheesy lyrics.
Dean hadn’t been thinking about that instance, in particular, but still. ”Can’t deny you pop into my head sometimes too,” Dean admits, thinking back to some angry jerk-off sessions in the shower when Cas had pissed him off but looked too fucking hot when doing it. That’s just, normal. Whatever.
Dean wants to laugh. In frustration, in annoyance, in embarrassment. Laugh at the fact he’s so lovesick, laugh at the unashamed and rebellious yearning within his chest, begging to pull Cas against it to have their hearts beating together. Wow, come on now, that’s just cheesy and he can’t even make a pizza pun about it because he’s surrounded by
