Hearing footsteps come from the hallway, she quickly covered her mouth with her hand. Cursing her breath for making such obvious hiccups, she waited for it to die down. Soon enough whoever it was passed out of earshot, meaning they couldn't hear her. A sigh of relief escaped her lips as tears were swept away. Where were the tissues? Her hand crept up the wall to flip the switch. Eyes that had adjusted to dark were rather overwhelmed with the sudden light, liking taking sunglasses off after a day at the beach. The room was uncomfortably silent. She put the television on to have some background noise as she roamed through drawers and boxes for something to dry her face with. However, her search quickly came to an end as a young blonde reporter in a tight black dress spoke a name that sparked her attention.
With his fist, he threw a punch at the glass. It shattered like a fresh burst of tears, screaming as it fell with a clatter. "We are on a bridge above a lake. I can swim, but the shock and the cold may leave me prone to drowning. I could die, John."
"Some could," he looked up from his notepad to see John. There were some clean cuts on his face, as well as tears in his clothes. Perhaps this part was true. But there was still doubt about this being a lycanthrope.
"It killed the whole street, Sherlock," John suddenly leaned forwards and gripped the chair's side. "Could a human really do that? In one night?"
Most didn't live because they couldn't cope with the pain or they lost too much energy at the start. Blood loss could also contribute. Packs stopped this, because the creatures draw energy from each other. The boost would help the shift along, and although it would still be time consuming, the new wolf could heal itself faster and loose less of the vital fluids it needed, leaving it not-dead. Sherlock truly panicked then, realising how... vacant the other currently looked; as if he was already dead, almost. He spluttered and alerted Sherlock that he - in fact - was
"Temperature higher than normal, not to mention the fact I can feel you shaking. You're feeling the after effects of the full moon and a first transformation, you are not fine."
They left John to gather his thoughts as Molly led Sherlock to their laboratory, where experiments had been left to bubble and fizz on their own accord. She showed him a vile of blood, tufts of fur, there were even fragments of teeth and claws. Quickly he got to work, dipping them in various liquids, seeing how they'd react, and scribbling things down on a piece of paper he had brought with him. Molly felt she would be shoed away at any moment, so she saved her dignity and left on her own accord.
After carrying John to the sofa (he’d passed out in the bathroom), he wondered if he should get him some clean clothes. But of course, he didn’t want to undress him whilst he was so vulnerable. The previous times he’d undressed him had been more appropriate. Instead, he placed towels on the sofa and fetched some clean clothes for him when he woke up. In the meantime, he followed Mrs Hudson’s instructions to clean the carpet.
Unbeknownst to Sherlock, a sheep's carcass was rotting nearby; it must have escaped and found itself lost. But to John it was
They had been given tickets and the simple instruction of 'don't seem like yourself'. Sherlock could do it quite easily, and everyone was aware of this, but John was something they worried about more. However, he could form quite a convincing American accent for himself, leaving himself safe from detection.
Her speech continued, but Molly wasn't interested. Greg had been caught. Their cover was starting to crumble. He had connections with her. What if she was questioned? What if the facility was searched? They had to move.
Molly gave an uncertain sigh, turning her head to look down. "I'm... not quite sure. But you can't stay here. We have at least a few days before Lestrade has to crack, so we'll plan and evacuate," the last part was mumbled slightly as she sucked in her bottom lip, looking around at the chaos. Everyone was everywhere, collecting notes and any evidence they had collected. This room would eventually be entirely empty, seeing as people were also packing up chairs for some reason. Sherlock nodded.
- all the little details, every movement, and the pain in his body sparked and ignited like a flame to gasoline. Clawing his way from the floor and to the window, teardrop glass cut at his shoes. Looking down, he saw a dark head of flattened curls bobbing along, then plunging down out of sight. He screamed, hands planting onto the window frame and into glass. Biting his lip at the sudden rush of pain it caused resulted in more bloodshed - since when where his teeth like a damned
" screamed the stranger, echoing the words over and over before moving on to something new. "My neighbours are dead, my street's dead,
Sherlock hesitated, deciding instead to wake him up. John stirred, grumbling and glaring. Sherlock gestured to the now open door, before stepping outside. Darkness had now enveloped the world, now making previously unsettling things absolutely terrifying. Still riddled with sleep, John slurred a goodbye to Irene and crawled out. Stumbling on his own legs, he fell into the mud. Irene grinned at Sherlock from the front seat, giving a delicate wave before driving away. Finding his eyes rolling yet again, the detective helped him out of the mud. John spluttered, leaning against him.
He then remembered about the tea he had started making and found a smoking kettle. After turning that off, he had to re-light the fire so that John would be warm if he decided to come sit here again. So he did that too.
It took the combined effort of both Sherlock and Lestrade to pull him to safety. John’s chest heaved and he coughed up water as Sherlock and Lestrade were trying to help him breathe clearly. He shivered on the grass and began sobbing and laughing. He’d nearly died in a
"You were whimpering," replied Sherlock, hand still fluffing John's hair. "This action seemed to comfort you."
The wolf was drooling, licking at it's muzzle ready to feast, ready to tear into flesh and send blood gushing over the area like a fountain of death - the vision made him gag. It felt so
Instead of being angry - this wasn't his fault after all - John found guilt twisting into his chest. A whimper bubbled in his throat and he could hardly contain it. "M' sorry Sherlock.." due to his teeth still being unnaturally large in his mouth, his 's' was more of a 'th', but not overly noticeable either. What was noticeable was the fact his tongue was a violent red and quite swollen; with his new teeth he'd managed to bite it.
He didn't get a reply, not that he expected one of course. Once again he bellowed his name, accidentally bobbing his head just a little too low so that murky liquid made him gag. He wondered: how many diseases could you get from this water? Probably quite a few. Due to the colour - a muddy sort of brown, with hints of green - it mustn't be the best thing to drink, but the wildlife seemed happy enough to swim about in it. Either they'd adapted or it wasn't overly harmful. It still didn't stop him from trying to spit it out, however; the taste was foul, with a metallic tang. It made him think of his childhood, when he lost a tooth due to natural causes or after a slightly violent fight with Mycroft.
The words didn't register in John's mind, he simply nodded and clenched his jaw shut in an attempt to keep his tongue away from the invasion of knives in his gums. They continued to trail along miserably, not having a clue where they were going. John needed more rest and food (and more clothing, but that wasn't on top of their list) and Sherlock most likely needed medicine. His fever was stable, but with the cold wind and threat of rain that might not be the case in a few hours. Currently, however, they could have none of this. They were stuck in some sort of woods, where crows continuously glared down at them with beady eyes. With a wolf crawling beneath the surface, John was irritated by them. He felt the need to growl and snap and chase them away - maybe even catch and eat them. It made him shudder; humanity was a thing of the past. Every noise was distracting, every smell like something was dangled in front of his nose.
With Sherlock's extensive knowledge of lycans, he could easily tell you - just like regular wolves - they were creatures that thrived in families, friend groups, communities; a pack. Once there were many packs populating the area; the larger, the better. Strength in numbers. However, due to a limited amount of wolves, extreme measures were taken to gain members. Innocent people were bitten, and whilst some safely made it into their new home, others died right after the bite. Some managed to escape and died an agonizing death a month later. Then there were the few, the oh-so-very few that became lone wolves. This 'trend' quickly gained traction and every year, deaths rose; like a flower coming into bloom. Just like a flower, there had to be an end.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and gave him a sarcastic ‘You’ll regret it later!’ as he left 221B. Sherlock might as well regret it later, but he most certainly did not now. After a quick check on John, he went back to cleaning. The mess of foam had died down, and he cleaned it up. Thankfully, it had still worked, and there was no stain nor sour smell. He brewed some new tea and made sure not to entirely ruin it this time. He was still waiting for the tea to be ready when he heard a groan come from the sofa.
In a comfortable silence they stayed for a while, Sherlock petting John, and John greeting Sherlock with waves of warmth as he snuggled closer to him. Deciding that it would be better if he crouched down, Sherlock did so, wondering if this was... normal. Probably not. They'd known each other for a few weeks - or
Sherlock went and poured the tea into a cup, spilling some on his hand. He cursed vividly and hastily shoved his red hand under the cold tap. Damn, since when was everything so hard? Mrs Hudson really did do most things for them. After wiping the spilled tea from the counter and side of the cup, he took it to John; shaking hands threatened to spill more of the liquid onto the floor. Thankfully, it all stayed in the cup.
"Me. Molly made me watch you," it was John, but hearing his voice when he wasn't sobbing or screaming made it sound unfamiliar.
Beside him, Sherlock was trying to fall to his knees, but the doctor wrapped his arms around him and held him tight. "Nope. As your Dom, I say you're going to sit in our bed and let me feed you. It's what I want to do."
Irene reached up and cupped his cheek. "Good boy." she picked up her cane and went the short distance to stand next to where Eurus sat. She poked at the parachute with the cane from time to time, enjoying the look on Sherlock's face. "Not complaining, doggie?
Sherlock grunted his complaint, but both Dom's ignored him. He could always use his safe signal. If he chose not to, then he must be getting something out of the situation. Or be willing to calm down enough to accept the punishment without getting off on it.
"He's the head of the rest of the world," Sherlock decided on entering the rest of the conversation.
"Well, he'll get what he wants, then. I can't believe he's been pushing to get punished on purpose."
Mycroft grumbled something, trying to spin and face the other three men. When he had nearly managed it, Greg reached out and pushed him back around.
“Don't say anything, Sherlock. Not until we've got you a lawyer. Watch your head,” he ordered pressing him down into the back seat.
Holding something, Sherlock’s brain automatically told him. But what was it? Good or bad? Sherlock watched him for a bit longer than John would have liked, but he was glad again. His sub was back to testing the system, back from the fuzzy area of Panic and into reality.
At that Sherlock grumbled his complaint and began shifting. He was lucky the bucket was below him because he gave up trying to hold it all in.
“No, sir,” he murmured and sucked on the straw when it was pushed between his lips. “What about you, sir?” he asked when he was done. His voice was barely above a whisper and John struggled to hear him.
It had to be the shepherd's pie they had had last month. It was simple enough. "You are actually going to eat it if I cook it, right?"
Sherlock tipped his head on one side and stared at his brother a moment longer. “I make the decisions?”
John walked the short distance to the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed. He placed a hand on Finn's shoulder and shook him gently. "Come on, wake up."
John was getting more and more concerned, Sherlock's behaviour had definitely improved over recent weeks but this was weird.
Finn glanced between the two of them. "But..." He looked thoroughly confused then put his hand on Sherlock's and John's belly simultaneously.
John must have been dozing because he jerked at the sound of the tray on the table and looked over to see his sub on his knees. Knelt in his perfect position, his posture spot on.
John pulled him near and hugged him. "You're impossible." As he pulled Sherlock splashed in the water, eyes wide as he covered John. "Don't look so panicked babe, it's only water." With that, John sat down, the water washing up to his chest..  The next wave washed him over and Sherlock bent over to help him up only for the Dom to pull him down on top of him. Sherlock fell face first into the water.
Sherlock nodded, clearly wary but willing to trust in the older man. The doctor paused for a moment and watched him
The doctor sighed quietly and crouched down beside the bed. "Hey there, munchkin. I didn't mean to sound like I was yelling at you. I'm not angry and I promise I'm not going to hurt you. I was only trying to keep you safe."
It was a joy to work with a truly compliant Sherlock for a change and he hoped it lasted. Even so, he couldn't help but think of this Sherlock as odd. He pulled his feet up to his bum and tied them to his wrists. "Is that enough, boy, or do you want me to bind you even more."
"Like Greg said, we'll have to ask Sherlock." John was torn. He'd like some time alone with his boyfriend, but he wasn't sure sending Finn away even for a few hours was a good idea.
He wandered over, careful to keep his hands in the boy’s eyesight, “Pet… pet?” He knelt down, surprised at the mobility he had in his knee, but more interested in his sub. He grasped him either side of the face and pulled him in for a kiss.
"You may put some pants on," the doctor allowed, checking his phone as they stopped outside the sub's room.
Sherlock's toes wriggled with every tap as did his fingers. Along with his arse clenching, that was about the only visible reaction he gave. Inside, however, he felt like his insides were melting from electrical overload.
"Hush, Lock." Mycroft said, hugging him. He looked over his brother's shoulder and met John's eye. The doctor looked almost as upset as Sherlock did. "He doesn't hate you," he rocked him and kissed the top of his head.
He pulled the chair out and sat in front of his sub. He raised his hand to cup his cheek and Sherlock flinched, then muttered a quiet, “Sorry, sir.”
“Oh, Mycroft, tell your Dom that we’ve found him. He’s no doubt got an area car out scouting around.”
John kicked it a little harder. "If you did like it then it wouldn't be punishment, would it?" John folded his arms and moved over beside Mycroft.
He had pushed him to his knees when they were outside of the living room and had made him crawl to the top of the stairs.
Greg burst out laughing. "You are all over the place." He secured the cuffs in front of him and then forced him down, not caring that it changed the angle of the attacking dildo.
When he was out of sight, John laughed softly. Things were getting so much simpler, the more Sherlock was learning to trust. He had honestly believed after the mistake with Wilkes that this was all over; he was going to fail his first sub, but that hadn’t happened. Somehow, Sherlock had bounched back, stronger than ever. He was definitely the most surprising sub he had ever come across, but he wouldn’t have it any other way.
As John had been working, he had asked permission to change position from where he was knelt and had moved to sit down instead. But the doctor had seemed so far from finishing, he had had to ask permission to move again. Both times John had seemed impressed at his sub for asking permission, something he wasn’t accustomed to, because of that he had knocked a mark off his tally both times.
Mycroft leaned forward and tipped his brothers head back with a finger under his chin. "Yes. To an extent. Does John scare you?"
When the bacon was gone, he started on the sausage, this time taking a few bites himself as he went.
"Stop that!" John barked, swatting his boy on the thigh. "Don't make this worse than it already is. Grab a posture collar while you're gone!" John yelled after the retreating government official.
It was getting late and John was exhausted. He'd been fucking himself for going on 3 hours and Sherlock didn't seem to be paying attention to the time.
He then turned to his poor sub, knowing that he was much more important than his feelings towards the arsehole on the floor. Sherlock’s eyes were wide with fear and when he spotted his Dom looking at him, he pushed himself to his knees despite John’s protests. He was muttering out, “I’m sorry, sir. I’m sorry, sir,” on a never ending loop and it made the Dom feel sick.
It didn't take long for the consulting detective to realise why this was happening. He would have clamped his mouth shut if he could have done.
“Stay exactly where you are, pet!” John ordered, slightly sharper than he intended. It wasn’t obedience that made Sherlock cooperate and lay back down immediately, but quite clearly fear. He scanned him quickly, using some basic field training to sort his priorities out. They were decided for him, however, when he saw the grin on the twat’s face. Wilkes kicked Sherlock in the gut, and judging by the way Sherlock took it without sound or complaint, it wasn’t the first time. That did nothing to stem John’s anger and he flew across the room, his fist colliding with the underside of the younger man’s chin and sending him flying back into the wall. His head hit hard, but that wasn’t enough for John. Nothing but the man’s pieces all over the southeast would be enough, but he settled for punching him again, causing a similar amount of blood to explode from his nose as he slumped back in a heap. John stomped on his stomach hard, and all the air inside the prone man gushed from his lungs. The doctor used the moment’s distraction to his advantage by cuffing him to one of the hooks in the wall.
Well, that was definitely more boring than sitting with his Dom without getting punished and drinking tea. “I finished university when I was 19.”
Something about his sub's posture made him realise that the second he turned his back he would no longer be in the corner.
That answer surprised the younger man, he'd expected at least one more run, if not two. “You're only making me run twice, sir?”
With a growl, the sub looked back down at his cock. He wanted the pegs off, but he wasn't looking forward to whatever John came up with next.
Greg was already naked when he reached it and the shower was running so warm the room had steamed up.
John noticed both Mycroft and Greg watching the younger Holmes and he shrugged slightly, his behaviour was becoming more and more concerning.
John watched as the younger man closed his eyes, no doubt thinking about what had happened and contemplating what could have or
The doctor gave Greg a 'what else can we do' look and let Sherlock go. "Alright, but just go down to where the seagulls are gathered. Don't run off anywhere else."
The Dom had recovered quickly and realised his sub was in Panic. It was like a flick of a switch and the doctor had no idea what had caused it. Subs in Panic tended to be destructive, not something John was in the mood to witness, and certainly not something either the Dom or sub enjoyed.
The younger man looked up to see his Dom stood in the doorway, arms folded. “Now let go,” he used his cane to point at the hands that were tight around his leash.
John watched his sub in confusion. He was now in a ball, but was peering- watching him from through his curls. Panic. Again. John could see this becoming a regular occurrence at least until he understood more about what those arseholes had done to him.
Greg actually considered it for all of 10 seconds, but he really, really needed to submit. "No, thank you, sir."
He groaned as he climbed from the shower and wrapped himself in his towel. He checked Sherlock on the screen of his tablet and was content that the detective wasn't struggling or fighting his restraints. Good. Otherwise he'd end up starting from scratch and tying the brat up every time he left the room until he learned to be still. It was good to see there was still trust there.
He ground his teeth as Irene worked it into him. The only thing stopping him from turning around and whacking her was the fact his brother was chained up on his knees beside him.
“You brat,” he hissed, snatching it off him and dropping it on the seat. “How dare you try and...” he trailed off. He couldn’t punish the boy in this frame of mind.
Mycroft watched on, waiting for the inevitable deductions that came from watching TV with his baby brother, but they never came. However, it wasn't because  Sherlock wasn't watching, he did seem focused on the show, just not inclined to air his opinion on it.
Sherlock took a couple of steps backwards, stunned. He shook his head, John had... the no beatings... after everything that day.... all John had said... he was going to- the- he couldn’t cope with this, he spun on his toe and raced off down the hall, in the direction of somewhere he could hide.
“Yes, I am. I’m in charge of you. Not anybody else, just you. That doesn’t mean I beat you up for kicks and then leave you to ‘drop on your own. It also doesn’t mean I can go out and order every sub to kneel in front of me. Because the only one I can punish for not doing so is you.”
John cleared his throat. “Er, pet.” His head was tilted on one side regarding him in a way that Sherlock correctly deduced as a warning.
Sherlock, the stubborn git that he was, had got into bed so he was sat on his arse. John noticed that he immediately regretted it, but was biting his tongue, he couldn’t show that he had screwed up, he just had to go with it until an opportunity arose. He leant over to clip the leash to the front of his collar and Sherlock swatted his hand away like it was a fly.
John offered a small smile in response. “Well I better deal with him then,” he nodded over the banister where the detective was pacing to and fro on the bottom step.
“Oh yes,” the older Holmes said with a nod. “I remember that. You got him off of a murder charge. Out of prison?”
“Fuck sake. The cheeky bastard has played the three of us and won.” He turned on his heel and headed straight back inside to Mycroft.
John's attention was on the two Holmeses for several minutes. "How much longer do you want to submit for?" John asked seriously.
When Sherlock reappeared, he had some socks on, but no shoes. He knelt down in front of John and held the Dom’s shoe –leather, highly polished – so that he could slide his foot into it. He tied it up and did the same with the other before he rocked back on his heels and suddenly found his head all over the place.
"No, I didn't think so." He pulled him away from the wall and shoved him back into the play room. "If you won't stay on your knees, I will make you."
“Greg, tell me everything you know,” the doctor ordered, kicking his office door in. He thudded back into the filing cabinet behind it, but John didn't care.
John laughed inside his head but kept the strict Dom persona where his pet could see. So Sherlock didn’t want out... it was something else. Again. He didn’t care right now. He would deal with Sherlock how he’d told Greg he would. But this would be the last time Sherlock took off, or the contract would be void immediately. Once or twice was one thing, the third time had been understandable given the reasons but now...
He ran his hand through his curls and then pulled his head back. “I am going to cage your cock again now, Sherlock.”
“Alright,” he growled after a few more minutes, but just as the DI began to loosen his grip, the doctor turned, spotted Donovan in the window of CID and fought like mad for freedom again.
When he reached the kitchen, he saw his phone on the side, plugged in to charge. Something niggled at the back of his mind and he wandered over, sliding his finger across the screen. He had three missed calls, all from Mycroft, and in quick succession over the last 10 minutes. He had planned to keep it on silent until he was willing to give his sub his own phone back. The last thing they needed were distractions, but he realised this could have been a mistake. Therefore, when his phone buzzed again, his finger was quick to perform the motion to answer it.
"Jesus!" Greg rounded on his boy. "How about we don't test that, yeah?" Mycroft would go straight to the worst case scenario. "And I don't recall telling you you could speak." He placed both his hands on his pet's shoulders. "Watch yourself."
Chuckling, John took the towel and dried him off. "You're really floating. Go on into the kitchen. I'll be there as soon as I get dressed."
John clipped him on the back of the head, ignoring the idiots over by the wall, he lightened the blow by laughing softly. “I had Mycroft show me how. Now shut it.” He pulled him down so his head was under his chin.
He balked when he felt his cock being manhandled by his Dom. He couldn’t see anything and he didn’t like it but he didn’t even think of safe wording.
Taking a deep breath and once more swallowing his pride, the brunette turned and knelt at John’s feet.
“He wouldn’t have told you names, sir. When he couldn’t find him and the case got handed to New Scotland Yard, I made sure Greg promised that neither of them would mention his name again if I gave a statement. Despite some of my brother’s obsessive behaviour, he never breaks a promise, especially one to his Dom.” The sobbing the detective had done downstairs had seemed to be the majority of Panic wearing itself out and given his ability to communicate fully again, he was in a much better headspace then John could ever have imagined given the contents of the evening so far. That was most alarming.
John moved around in front of his sub and folded his arms in disapproval. “I don’t think so somehow, boy, do you?”
In the governor's office, the two women were watching the screen showing the brothers' cell. Irene let out a growl when she saw Sherlock.
That, the detective could understand. And he did. He felt lighter when John had said he'd forgiven him. Like they were on a level playing field again.
The younger Holmes blinked at that, Mycroft's expression said he resolutely believed it. But… “It wasn't my choice. It isn't a sub's decision how they are touched or used.”
As soon as she released him and he had regained his composure, Sherlock said, "I can't believe people actually pay you to do that to them."
But Finn looked unsure right up until Sherlock appeared at the top of the stairs. Then he fought his way to freedom and scrambled up them. "I told them! I told them, Daddy!"
"I don't see it," Mycroft said, shaking his head as he was handcuffed. "What does Irene have to do with our sister?"
With a snort, the older Holmes pulled Sherlock to his feet. “Good job you aren't with him anymore then.”
"Good, because I don't." He couldn't help thinking about Mummy. Had she enjoyed what she had done to him or had she simply not cared? He wasn't sure which idea was worse.
John shoved a bowl in front of the little boy and handed him a spoon. "Stir the waffle mix." It was something both Finn and Sherlock would eat and Finn could easily help with. It had become the go to breakfast at 221B. Something all three of them rather enjoyed.
He knelt so there was about half a meter between them. His hands went to his back, but the doctor could see him wanting to reach out and grab it. He must have come to the conclusion he would get it faster if he obeyed. That was the conclusion he wanted the boy to come to.
The Dom just chuckled and thrust in again. "Get back to it, pet." His sub was clever, even with a blindfold blocking his most valued sense.
The doctor thought about that for a bit. "Well- What does it say about me that I don't like it?" He threw himself down on the bench and covered his face with his hands. "I am so messed up."
The detective glanced at his now-fiancé, John was right, the more Finn settled, the more likely he was to act up.
Soon, the sub was completely overwhelmed. His nipples ached and burned. His insides were on fire and cramping. He couldn't control the sounds he made or the tremors that ran through him.
Once he was in the back seat and they were on their own Greg climbed into his own seat and turned the car on.
"Not addressing you properly. I promise I won't make that mistake again, sir," Sherlock said softly shifting on the bed to accomodate his caged cock which wasn't even trying to get hard at the pain.
Sherlock cocked his head on the side again and reached his hand out. His hand went straight through the figure.
John’s grin was hidden by the device in his hand. He jumped up straight away and released the chain attaching the boy to the wall. “Good boy.”
That was the second time he had been called boy in a matter of seconds, an appellation that the Dom hadn’t needed to use for days.
"I want you to quit bloody teasing me! I either want a fucking orgasm or the walk on the beach you promised me."
"Don't you?" He snapped. He took the gag from Mycroft and wedged it between Sherlock's lips on his next complaint. John threw the cage to the other Dom, while he pinned his sub's arms behind his back. "Would you mind, mate?"
John did much the same and snatched the keys from the beefy man’s hands. He used his gun to shift the two arseholes back and out of the way. He quickly set about releasing Sherlock with half his attention on the other two Doms.
The detective pulled one leg up to protect himself as best he could without causing the stool to tip. it didn't help. Irene struck him on the thigh.
If you want to be ignorant, arrogant, rude and abrasive, leaving comments only designed to offend the author who puts hours into a story for your entertainment, I will be rude and arrogant in return. Because I'm done being nice about this bollocks.
The landlady patted him on the shoulder as he turned on his toe to face the owner of the man's voice.
John laughed, the boy actually said please, a word he doubted had ever crossed his thought processes let alone his tongue. Then he nodded back. “My gorgeous boy can sit with me naked if he wants too.”
With his wrists tied back behind him again there wasn't anything he could do to help even if he thought it was a good idea. He knelt there in silence, staring at the floor instead.
"Oi! That may work on witnesses, but I know better, boy." John slapped his sub's thigh. "Out of bed with you."
Sensing her fragile position, the Dominatrix didn't move a muscle. She just stayed where she was, breathing hard.
“Oh, no, no, no. It doesn’t work like that. You count in order from the beginning of the number system. That’s how counting works. But as you pointed out, I had hit you 4 times, so we’ll go to 14. Shall we?”
Sherlock pulled his hand free and took off in the direction of a back alley, clearly somewhere that was lodged in his Mind Palace.
John reached over and pulled Finn onto his lap. He was surprised the little boy could watch any of this, when he as an adult was feeling sick. There was so many precautions in place for Finn but it seemed it would be the adults who needed it more.
Slowly, the detective shifted on the bed and rested his head in John’s lap. Thinking back on it, he was surprised how much he had lost it. Since being a teenager things like his temper had tended to be controlled... just like Mycroft’s. But he had seen first hand that Mycroft couldn’t always control himself... especially with Panic. But this time it wasn’t Panic, it wasn’t natural submissive instincts, it was him.
The doctor stepped backwards, dragging his sub with him by the hand. He stepped into the shower. “We’re going to try something new. If you don’t like it, safe word, it will not affect tonight, but we will come back to it as it is something you should be able to do comfortably. We both know you aren’t really asexual.”
“Sorry, sir,” the Dom wasn't surprised at Sherlock offering an apology immediately, but he was surprised at the need for it. When it came to respect, Sherlock was much improved these days, trouble or no trouble.
The doctor laughed as he finished with the winch. "You're brother is exactly the same, Mycroft." He headed to he door and flicked the lights off. The cameras were night vision in all the rooms.
“We’ve discussed this.” He pushed his fingers between his palms, brushing the fading marks. “You don’t hurt yourself. Ever. Now I told you to stay still. You will stay still or do I need to cuff your feet too?”
John just let himself go and enjoy it. Soon enough, he pulled his pet against him and shoved his cock as far down his throat as he could as he came.
“They’re a perfect match, my boys.” Mrs. Hudson reached over and patted John’s leg. “Poor Finn doesn’t stand a chance with you two around,” she said with a happy smile.
Happy that his sub’s wrists couldn’t separate no matter how much he struggled, John pushed him down to the floor, away from the glass, his head twisting sideways on the carpet.
He set to work, cleaning Sherlock's cock, specifically the tip with an alcohol swab. As soon as it touched his slit his legs jerked up.
"Its been a week, you've been relatively good for the last 3 days. And today you were amazing. I am ready to start trusting you again."
“Of course being Dominant gives you power! You wouldn’t dare to back chat him,” he nodded at Greg whose nostrils were flaring angrily.
Irene laughed again as a large trunk was carried in by three guards and placed on the floor between the two crosses.
"I... It wasn't a tantrum!" Sherlock snapped trying to fight his position but the cuffs and his cock tied to the floor made him rethink.
Sherlock looked the blond up and down once, twice, three times. “You’re very hard, sir,” he pointed out, biting his lip again.
They passed the men without incident and soon found themselves on the beach. The crash of waves sounded along with the call of birds, making everything seem peaceful.
The doctor could see that he meant it. He had penetrated his boy with two fingers and he had been facing away. Compared to the first time they’d scened properly, this was a massive improvement.
“Yes, sir,” the sub repeated. He didn’t like this, not at all, but at the moment he saw no alternative especially after the way he had treated the Dom so far that morning.
Sherlock's eyes were jarred open by a slap to the face. Irene's words had covered Eurus' approach. "Good afternoon, little sister."
Mycroft chuckled at that and returned his gaze to his Dom's face. "And there's no tie to drag me around with, sir."
The flake was still there for the taking. Just for the hell of it, Greg made a grab for it, but Sherlock practically climbed on the table to get to it first. It crumbled under Sherlock's grip and the Superintendent laughed.
Eurus had had a chair brought in from somewhere and was lounging in it by the door, watching Irene work.
Sherlock let out a low, desperate moan. He hadn't expected another enema, though he should have. This time, the burn seemed to start almost immediately. He stilled straight away, hoping it was what John wanted to stop the torture.
Greg clipped Mycroft on the back of the head sharply. "Enough!" The DI reached out, snagged Mycroft by the scruff of the neck and had him on the floor, on his knees bent double in seconds.
"57, mistress," the detective responded immediately. He felt rather sick at the thought of so many strikes, not that it hadn't happened before.
Sherlock huffed and stared down at his cuffed wrists, wishing he'd found a way out of them weeks ago.
Irene spoke next. "Let's keep him that way. Unchain his collar and place him on his side. We don't want to risk a blocked airway."
Taken aback, John stood up straight and asked a question he didn’t really want an answer to. “Do you want me to leave?” He responded with a nod, clearly not up for talking much. “Are you ok?” Another nod, but he didn’t have to be an experienced Dom to see that was a lie.
The brat actually huffed. As if he was annoyed. As if he was the one that thought John was hurt or worse. The doctor growled. That was the worst possible thing Sherlock could have done at that moment. He knew it and did it anyway.
"How," John asked as he approached the other couple, "can he be more of a problem when he's obedient than when he's a trouble maker?"
At this, the younger man seemed like nothing had happened, like the last 10 minutes in the car hadn’t just transpired. He was suddenly invigorated. “Point out where they’re going wrong. Which is usually everywhere, especially if Anderson is there. He is an utter moron.”
In a rare show of frustration, Mycroft threw his hands up in the air. He grabbed his and Greg’s coats and went back to the living room.
When they reached the kitchen John poured the tea from the pot to two mugs that had already been prepared. He pressed one into his boy’s hand. “Drink up,” he said with a smirk as he filled the kettle up and put it on again.
Greg's mouth pressed into a thin line. Mycroft was right. Still it wasn't fair, but hell, life wasn't fair was it? "Shit." He turned to John. "He's right. I'm sorry, but he is."
There was another silent nod. Getting fed up of the silent responses, John pushed down on his cane and pulled himself to his feet.
Sherlock glanced between them, not speaking. The room fell into an awkward silence up until Finn tugged on Sherlock's sleeve.
Irene ran a hand along Mycroft's side, then smoothed it over his stomach. "For a man, your body definitely looks good, almost as good as Sherlock's. It's time to put it to work."
Mycroft shot his brother a look that Sherlock immediately understood: Irene was a fool, despite her intelligence.
John laughed, surprised his boy remembered their first attempt. He had been far too floaty to properly pay attention.
John paced his living room, frustrated beyond belief at not being able to find his submissive. He’d barely slept for days and only paused to eat when his staff made him.
“I do,” Sherlock replied. “There’s you and me, him, and two other Careers. They’re probably separated at the moment – if they come back to Magnussen, he’ll kill them both, and then the Capitol will herd us together for the finale.”
First, this wasn’t punishment or to single anyone out – while Mycroft was alive he never made anyone feel bad for anything they did in the Arena, and that was still true. This was all in the name of a better Panem.
He pulled on the lilac knee-high boots, designed to not only let him swim but run through wooded terrain, hid his dog tags under the wetsuit, keeping the cold steel against his chest, and emerged from the bathroom to face his brother. He had expected laughter, but was greeted with silence as Mycroft looked him over.
“Fine. I’m going for a walk,” he replied before she could even get her question out, and she let him leave.
At some point while Sherlock was talking, John forgot how to breathe, his eyes glued to the silver bands on the chain of the dog tags. No air passed through his open mouth as he stared, and no thoughts passed through his head, other than the answer – the overwhelmingly blatant answer, so obvious that John was surprised Sherlock even felt the need to ask –
It was even harder to look at Mycroft, but he couldn’t exactly avoid being alone with his own brother. There were days that John and Harry spent away from the Holmes’ boys – with their parents. Sherlock didn’t mind that he was away from John these days; John would have to learn to live without him, anyway, and it was important that he spend time with Harry before the Games began.
“I’ve thought of a few ways to go about this situation, but there aren’t many that fix our problem without causing more of a rebellion than we already have on our hands.”
Maybe he could do that to the Capitol? But what would piss them off enough to let both of them go home – without getting them both killed?
There were a handful of girls, though, some of them from the classes above and below hers, who had practically thrown themselves at Harry’s feet, and while Harry would’ve loved this before the Games, she was absolutely disinterested, now. But that was because she only had eyes for Louise Neal, and anyone who saw Harry and Louise together knew that, even though neither of them had plucked up the courage to ask the other out, just yet.
“He just confirmed that. There were twenty-four sectors – one for each tribute, just like we said. But now, they don’t need twenty-four sectors. They only need three – one for you, one for me, and one for Magnussen. So –” he went on, crouching down and drawing a circle in the ever-piling snow on the ground with his finger. “We’ve just been told that the Gamemakers split the Arena up into three,” he announced, dividing the circle into thirds. “You and I are here,” he said, poking his fingers on either side of one of the dividing lines. “Which means that Magnussen is somewhere over in this sector.” He pointed at the empty section of the circle. “Now that the information about said sectors is known to us, our elements can come out full-force; the fear gas is no longer clear, and, as you can see, it’s started snowing on my end – and Magnussen has a Ravenstag or two but I’ve dealt with them and they’re basically harmless as long as you don’t bother them. But, Claudius also said that the sectors will combine as we do, so if you cross that line that the snow’s creating right now, our sectors –” Sherlock swept his hand across two thirds of the circle, leaving only one third untouched. “– will become one.”
However, there were times where, during Sherlock’s worst moments, trying to find some shred of normalcy, Sherlock would find himself purposely running into the bullies who used to beat him up after school when they were kids. In fact, he actively sought out the boys who seemed most likely to try to hurt him, despite the fact that they all were now just on the cusp of adulthood and the fact that Sherlock now had a body count.
– instead of trying to pick him apart and learn all his secrets and focusing on whether we’ve fucked or not – they’d be just as in love with him as
“I – I did. I did delete it,” Sherlock agreed; granted, he had read Lindsay’s name a few times in Mycroft’s journals, but he never connected the two people – not that it really mattered, now that his mind palace was all but destroyed. “I’m sorry for –”
A day later, the remaining thirty-two victors of the Hunger Games – Panem’s only survivors of not only the Hunger Games but of the Mockingjay Rebellion, sans Hannibal Lecter Magnussen, for obvious reasons, and Alexander Waters, so he could keep an eye on the Capitol while Dean was away – were finally allowed to go home, to see their respective Districts free for the first time. John, Sherlock, Harry, Dean, Louise, Antonia, Clover, and a former Avox who had escaped to District 13 named Pollux (the man who had volunteered to be Clover’s interpreter over the past few days while her fingers healed) piled into the last car of the Capitol’s train, and they all watched in silence as the Capitol grew smaller and smaller as the train quickly took them farther and farther away from the city.
He raced down the aisle, racing to stop John before he started, but then someone jumped out in front of him and Sherlock crashed into them, and they wrapped their arms around him –
“Right,” he muttered back, and then noticed a girl with long, black hair, no older than Mycroft, standing before them, dressed in a white robe, hands behind her back and her head bowed – she was an Avox, one specifically stationed at President Snow’s mansion.
Hello! So, you know how I've been editing all of the Hungerlock I have written? And how one of the major edits was adding chapter titles to Sentiment?
“AND BINGO WAS HIS NAME-O!” Sherlock shouted at the top of his lungs, and swung the sword at the man in the tree, causing him to lose his balance and fall right after the hive.
“But why –” Sherlock started, about to ask what exactly kept John there with Sherlock, if he thought Sherlock was weird, but then –
“That he’s terminally ill and wants my consent to let him die with dignity? Yes, he did,” he said, spinning around the face the man. “Does President Bainbridge know about this?”
“Our parents...” Mycroft started, and Sherlock shut his mouth immediately, taken aback. Mycroft hadn’t spoken about their parents since he returned from the Arena. “...Our mother and father always wanted a little girl – a daughter. They had a name picked out and everything. Then I was born – I was a boy, and they were content for about six years, and then they decided to try again for their girl. Then you were born, and you were also a boy, and so they tried again shortly after. Apparently, third time was the charm, because our mother finally gave birth to the daughter that our parents had always dreamed of – little Eurus Holmes.”
“Maybe that’s just the point,” Sherlock replied quietly, and Dean looked back at him. “Loving a Holmes is one of the most difficult things you can do – it’s human error, really. At this point in time, John can’t get out of it, and I don’t really want him to, and I can only hope that he doesn’t either. Given his declaration of love the other day, I can only assume that he doesn’t. But you – you might be able to still fix yours. He’d want you to fix yours.”
“I’ll call you every day, at least once,” John promised. “If there’s no phone on the train I’ll piss everyone off until they get me one.” At this, Sherlock smiled. “And you'll have Harry to keep you company while I'm gone.”
As they climbed through, John took a moment to think about it. Did he really like the people in the Capitol? He hated President Snow, that was for sure. There was Caesar Flickerman; he had helped John survive by helping him gain sponsors to help him in the Arena – no, John did that all by himself. Well, Sherlock declaring his love for John in front of the entire nation during John's interview with Caesar certainly helped him, but Caesar was nothing but a wall John was able to bounce himself off of, projecting himself in the direction of the audience and the Capitol’s sponsors. Then there was Mrs. Hudson – he did like her. She seemed to genuinely care about him. But then again, he was sure she made all District 12 tributes feel like that.
But then Hannibal said the worst thing – the worst possible thing he could say – and Sherlock’s blood ran cold:
She looked away first, and turned her attention to Sherlock. She jerked her thumb behind her, at the training room.
“I need to contain the spark that William and Harriet have created. The only way I can do that is making sure that Panem knows that there can only ever be one winner of the Hunger Games,” he informed them. “And I need your help to do this. Namely, John Watson’s help,” he said, smiling at John, and then he turned his attention to one of the Peacekeepers standing behind them. “Would you escort Mister Holmes back to the training center? I need to have a private word with Mister Watson.”
When he was done, he surveyed his work. There were no cleaning supplies in the medkit, and the wound wasn't completely closed, so it still looked pretty bad, but it was a bit better, and Sherlock was grateful. Dying of blood loss on the first day wouldn't help Harry.
“Do you want someone to go with you? I’m sure we could arrange –” Mycroft started lowly, but John cut him off.
– after everything that he had done and gone through he had stage fright. He had practically grown up in front of the cameras; everyone in that room – everyone in
He was going to be at his brother’s memorial service – the center of his brother’s memorial service – in thirty minutes – because his brother was dead –
Sherlock watched Harry as she packed his things – really looking at her for the first time, since they had entered the Arena. The first thing he noticed was her hair – it was short, now; uneven, very obviously cut with a knife in the Arena, just long enough to tuck behind her ears.  Her skin was marked from stings from the tracker jackers and a few cuts here and there, but Sherlock was relieved to find that she was otherwise unscathed.
“That’s what we said,” Sherlock assured him. “I think he’s just seeing how much trouble he can cause.”
John’s second thought was the memory of what occurred the last time they were in the same vicinity – right after Sherlock and Harry had won the Games:
“Thank you,” he said, and looked back down at John. “I’ll see you on the stage.” He then nodded goodbye to them both, and placed his hand on the doorknob, but then he paused and turned around once more. “And John?”
“I think I’m…I think I’m learning that,” he whispered, thinking of John and Harry. “What time is it?” he asked, louder.
But when John looked up at Sherlock, Sherlock hastily avoided his eyes. John opened his mouth to speak, but it was at that moment the elevator stopped, and Harry walked out of the room after its doors opened.
But something in Mycroft’s voice told John that he knew exactly what would have happened to Sherlock.
“Are you okay, Harry?” Sherlock asked, and Harry’s head whipped to look at him, but as she spoke she glanced between him and Mycroft and Louise, her hand still in her hair.
“Hold on – Hold on –” Sherlock begged the child, and he wrapped his tiny arms even tighter around Sherlock’s neck.
“I think that was the only time I questioned whatever the hell this is,” John said quietly, as Sherlock turned his head again to look up at the ceiling. “I mean, not my feelings for you – once I figured that out I never looked back – but the fact that we’re together.”
And in that moment, it hit Sherlock what he was about to do. For him, everything would be over in the next five – maybe ten – minutes. But for Harry, she was going to have to live with this for a long time. Like she had just said – she would have nightmares for at least six months, but probably for the rest of her life. And, despite what she thought, none of them would be the slightest bit “cool”.
But this was not Sherlock Holmes, though, not really. This was not the brilliant man he had fallen in love with – this was not the young man who sent John the flower this time last year, or the man who danced with him on top of fish in the Capitol. This was a shell of Sherlock – the broken boy in the bread shop who John first felt inclined to talk to – the broken boy with needle marks in his arms whose life John had saved. But John could not save this broken boy anymore.
”Mycroft!” Holmes grumbled, putting a finger to his lips. “John is ill. He is asleep in the other room, and so I would appreciate it if you shut up and leave,”
"... Lestrade was the hero of yesterday; the man that confronted Sherlock Holmes. After previously stating that he had nothing to do with the speeding car, he wasn't questioned. And now he's been proven guilty for being an accomplice of the 'great' detective less than twenty four hours later. Greg Lestrade will indeed be questioned and thrown behind bars where he belongs. It really was quite surprising this wasn't discussed earlier..."
‘Nothing to go on. I suppose someone like that, they've got enemies but…’ Lestrade shrugged. ‘You any ideas?’
‘Let me see Sherlock, who hurt you?’ He tried to pull away but Molly was stubborn. He petulantly removed his jacket and pulled up his sleeve.
Moriarty wanted this lot to be caught, they were being shorn from the main body of what he expected was a much bigger, more complex, organisation. The game with Sherlock was just a side entertainment.
'Yes, you usually just email though...' Sherlock had asked Raz to do a little looking around for him. To check if the graffiti eye that had appeared opposite Baker street had appeared anywhere else. It had.
John's brain unhelpfully supplied. Sherlock was looking at him with a little too much understanding for his liking.
‘It would make a hell of a mess I suppose. Anyway, I want all that inside me. Once we get home.’ John licked his lips as if in anticipation.
Sherlock was amusingly flustered as he climbed out of the car at their door, carrying his jacket awkwardly in front of him. John was left to tip the driver, and gave more than he had planned to when he imagined he saw the hint of a smirk.
‘Yeah, I think he probably is - yet here you are, trawling the internet for alphas.’ Molly finished with an evil smile. ‘Biscuit?’
There was very little really, just what the alpha had been wearing when he came to the brothel, a bond ring, a watch and a wallet.
'Hey.' John stilled his shaky hands kissing the backs of both sets of fingers in turn. 'Don't look so scared. We can go back downstairs if you like.'
'Thank you,I can manage.' Sherlock got up to leave. He only had the vaguest notion of what was needed, practically speaking. Though he knew John, with typical military efficiency, kept bottled water and other supplies in the flat.
He used the bathroom and found he was more mentally alert but still physically exhausted after a shower. The doctor discharged him quickly, making the usual jokes about doctors making the worse patients.
Easy access to food for the only time he felt genuinely hungry was one reason he always spent his heat in a hotel. An unlimited supply of fresh bed linen and towels was another. Mainly though it was the separation from his life, what he considered his
'Fine, just- if you are interested, don't leave it too long OK? If he manages to stay off suppressant his family will probably want him married off to some posh omega with the right pedigree and I think he'd go through the motions for a quiet life. Poor thing'd be wondering how they ended up with a mansion full of test tubes and bits of people.' John laughed at this.
‘Shall we?’ William gracefully rose and John noticed a faint nod to a grey haired man in the corner, a client too John supposed. John realised he was likely a regular, waiting until William was done with him. John felt unaccountably jealous and pushed it down. This was what he wanted, wasn’t it? To get off, no strings?
He immediately changed for bed where John had left a jumper. Deliberately he assumed, since the military had long since drilled any messiness out of the doctor. He lay down and hugged the ugly thing to his chest. It didn't have the depth of scent of the scarf he'd worn at the start of his last heat but it was pleasant, peaceful, to lie and inhale it. He could feel himself drifting off just as his mobile buzzed.
Sherlock raised a soapy hand and John didn't complain as he ran it through his hair. Pulling John towards him he kissed the top of his head. They stayed like that for a few seconds, inhaling each other. John was now remembering how, that morning after he'd reluctantly untangled his limbs from aroused alpha, he'd got himself off in the shower and he couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock had done the same.
A couple of hours later they’d been left alone Mrs Hudson having gone to the supermarket to buy what she needed for lemon shortbread, John’s favourite. Sherlock was tinkering with the strings on his violin while John read.
‘How have you been anyway, well? Are Scotland Yard providing you with some diversions?’ Mycroft said sipping the tea hesitantly.
'Well he came to the right person.' John reached across and took his hand. Affection during casework. This was new, he could come to like it (if not admit such a thing).
‘No send him up. Thank you.’ Sherlock felt he could perhaps do with the palate cleanser, so to speak, of an easy case he could deal with from the flat.
'I wish I'd had this much privacy growing up.' John said, staring out the window across park and fields.
' I'm listening. I got the bit about the paint flakes - carry on.' John was listening - sort of. It was just that it was difficult to concentrate on the finer points of trace evidence when he was trying to decide if he wanted to tear the midnight blue shirt off the detective or remove it slowly, lavishing attention on each revealed inch of beautifully contrasting pale skin . They had been, tentatively, together for a few brief weeks and the notion of being able to act out his fantasies as soon as he got Sherlock alone was still a distracting novelty. The chances of John remembering anything about the four distinct types of paint flakes, less still how they connected to the wife's affair, were slim but he just let the richness of his lover's voice wash over him.
'Wouldn't have been too difficult, simple matter of knowing your habits, making a noise at the right time. Graeme may even have intended that you know you're being tested. Of course everything I've just said relies on forensics and toxicology not yet completed. When will you see him next?'
Lestrade was holding two alphas at a police station far enough out of town that it was only just covered by the Met. Clients, the staff had got away somehow. Paranoid about who he could trust. A low profile seemed sensible and his usual garb was getting a little too well known these days.
'That's what you're supposed to think. Look at his hair, high quality shampoo and product. Yet his hands show signs of repetitive manual work. His feet are coarse, you mostly see that on people who've spent a lot of time in flip flops.' Sherlock said, moving to get a better view of the omega's torso.
‘We were at uni together. This guy here had a trick he used to do.’ Sebastian said with a repulsive grin as they sat down.
Greg opened a yard issue laptop and plugged in the stick. The both stood behind him as he opened up the video files. Scrolling through the clearly marked dates.
‘I suppose I’d just assumed…I mean I’m not sure why…’ Sherlock avoided his eye though his hand kept up the delicious friction.
'Oh no, you stay there.' John said, hurriedly taking off his suit jacket and throwing it in the general direction of his own chair as he crossed the room.
He flopped onto the sofa to await a reply. He did genuinely need another, unrecognisable, phone to send the message to the beta female victim, Jennifer Wilson’s, phone but he could just as easily use one of the cheap pay as you go phones he kept for just such an eventuality. The case was Interesting. Self administered poison, a word-
'The feet? Oh I see,the tattoos. I thought there was something in them ...'she trailed off with a glance to Dimmock.
It shouldn't surprise John given who he was dealing with. He hadn't exactly been subtle In declaring his initial interest. Sherlock looked different though, a sort of open curiosity that boldened John. He felt himself lean closer.
'They won't let him in here dear.' She answered the question his dry throat refused to cooperate in asking. He heard the hum of ventilation units on the ceiling and understood.
– but he's going to be hobbling about for the next couple of weeks, full of painkillers. You look like you can handle it. You do trust him don't you? I mean you looked close earlier.'
'Thanks.' Sherlock said, not really sure how to respond. 'Do you miss her?' Lestrade looked over at him and he immediately wished he'd stayed quiet but Lestrade was replying.
‘How do you get them to follow you?’ Sherlock said, sighing with boredom as the cabbie produced a gun, well, a gun shaped cigarette lighter. Good enough though for the untrained eye. Especially given the dark, fear, alcohol in one case.
'Hello, nice work last night. Just to let you know it's going the direction we hoped for. Richard called me this morning and he offered me something.'
They were making an effort to be extra affectionate for the benefit of their audience as per Sherlock's suggestion and the mixed messages they were giving off soon attracted Melissa Graeme. She leaned between them, giving John a decidedly probing look. Across the table Joe made to leave for a cigarette.
‘He doesn't but what he does have predates his bond, by a good couple of years. In those days he was a street dealer, profitable, ruthless but not exactly big time. Within a year of his bond. You start seeing the the bigger deals, the smart moves.’
‘You haven't, have you?’ John's eyes burn into him a mix of annoyance and hope for a second before he schools it into something more neutral. ‘So what now then, do we go looking for Van Coon?’
'You don't need to do this now you know. I'm not incapable , I'm not in...'He paused, his irritation ebbing away.
'I'll give you both a lift back if you want to leave now, I need to go back to the Yard to sign off on something.' Greg said.
'I think so. It's just we decided the next time that we'd just do it, bond. No point in waiting.' He smiled shyly at John. 'We just didn't expect it to be so soon.'
He pulled John close and kissed him deeply, hidden hand working quickly now. Deft in the motions that would bring John off hard and fast, give him relief. The way he was wriggling and moaning into the kiss John was enjoying the slightly rougher treatment. His orgasm was obviously intense, trying to stay quiet but his muscles bunched and his chest heaved as warm ejaculate coated Sherlock's hand.
John sat a plate of French toast in front of him, sitting down opposite with his own. They ate in silence for a while.
Sherlock skim read the page. It was the fourth or fifth he'd looked at and he was painfully aware that most alphas, if they had looked at this sort of stuff at all, did so as teenagers. He certainly felt like one.
'Something to do with his blood tests.' Mrs Hudson said, putting shampoo and the pyjamas into an overnight bag.
'This must be John.' A posh female voice came at him from behind and he smiled warmly as he turned. 'Mrs Holmes?'
'Three Sherlock, we have a guest.' Mycroft said, staring, pleased with himself, over Sherlock's shoulder. When Sherlock turned to look there was Mycroft's assistant, standing behind a very pissed off and slightly embarrassed John Watson.
Lestrade and John, well-used to Sherlock's self-contained way of working, were sitting on the sofa watching football. Lestrade had brought beer, nicer than the stuff John usually bought for himself, and they were both halfway down a bottle. Every couple of minutes they would shout at something on the screen that Sherlock had no intention of taking the time to understand. In between they had a lively discussion going about the merits of various players. John, who had begged the detective to do all manner of things to him days before, was grinning and laughing with the other alpha. Lestrade looked so in control of who and what he was and Sherlock felt awkward and adolescent by comparison.
The bloodstain may have made the first a write off. Fighting off the employees of prospective clients was an unusual start to the day but surprisingly productive inasmuch as when he asked his brother to arrange for the semi-unconscious beta to be removed it was discovered MI5 were interested in him too. Why the client wouldn't just accept that his alpha had obviously stole the rare diamond , Sherlock had no idea.
Sherlock printed a large copy of the symbols from the wall in an effort to work. The location, next to one of busiest train lines in the city suggested they wanted as many people to see it as possible. He was sure it was some sort of call to arms but that put him no nearer the meaning of the thing. There was still no reply from John nearly a day later.
‘I assumed. Victor Trevor. Listen this is supposed to be a red or white only do but I can probably scare up a malt if you fancy?’
‘Look, why don't you come out with us tomorrow night? We could all do with a break?’ He asked the policeman gently.
'Anyway that's why I needed a fiance quick. It was an excuse not to touch the girl. I thought if I said I had a male omega it would be more convincing. I was on the spot, it was the best I could come up with.'
John felt the long limbs tense and then a deeply satisfying moan as the first gush coated his tongue and was efficiently swallowed down. John kept him in his mouth until he felt him relax, go bonelessly limp.
‘The answer is yes…’ William whispered, pressing their mouths together fervently. He tasted of good scotch and peppermint.
‘Probably…’ Sherlock was interrupted by his own phone. His expression grim as he listened. Harry was sitting, awkwardly fidgeting with her cup, obviously wondering whether she should stay or go.
'I know.' John ran his clean hand over his forearm where there was still a little tell tale scarring, faint but still recognisable as track marks. 'We've all got our demons. You comfortable like this?'
After Greg left John ended up seeing another patient, a child, who had vomited all over the waiting room -and then all over John. He was walking home in a borrowed T shirt when a text came through.
Most of their table had drifted off to dance and a matronly omega was leaning towards Anthea. His brother's assistant was playing the green but keen caseworker angle well and she was getting the benefit of the older omega's experience. She'd been coaxing information from various people all night but so far nothing really new. Other than a ruthlessness in buying up property , which seemed to attract grudging admiration, there had been no sign Graeme was considered anything but successful.
‘That's good John, it fits I...I need you to tell Dimmock for me. I'll be away for a few days.’ Sherlock couldn't bear to say it and it was absurd because John already knew, of course he did. The sound changed at the alpha’s end and he realised that John had stopped somewhere to get a little privacy.
‘Theoretically, ethically. It would be fine if he consents, a surrogate. A natural heat would be best first time anyway . There are hardly any alphas here though, this unit…’ The penny dropped with John.
'Jason, I didn't know you were in London.' He forced himself to look his former colleague and lover in the eye just as Molly and Sherlock came back through the security door and over to the car. Jason turned towards them, his gaze pausing on Sherlock,then sweeping slowly over the detective's long form.
'Have you ever had anyone? A special alpha?' Sherlock's voice dripped sarcasm (among other more appealing things) but defensive sarcasm so John let it go.
‘John I hardly think in Irene’s line of work it will make her uncomfortable.’ Sherlock continued to type calmly.
'There are always rumours about how they're forced into these things-you'll know that' Sherlock let his attention drift back round to the group behind him. The slight slur (obviously had more than one before she came out) and the conspiratorial tone drawing his attention.
‘Of course I do. I said I'd help with your heat. This is your heat too. Did you think I'd just turn up for the fun bit?’
'I'm fine.' Sherlock whispered his voice brittle. Then they were in motion towards the bedroom. Kisses messily exchanged and clothes discarded along the way. What they still wore when they arrived was impatiently stripped before John roughly pulled the alpha down on top of him.
Sherlock started to eat a banana as the plate he'd rapidly cleared of poached eggs and toast was taken away by the waiter.
Thanks to everyone who's read, kudosed, bookmarked and especially commented on this. Apologies (as ever) for the delay.
When they had talked in the flat he had barely been aware of John's scent. By the time he had seen him safely to the other alpha's door he was drowning in it. Chemically speaking, it must have been some sort of pheromone feedback loop, exacerbated by the confined space in the cab, his suppressant wearing off. He understood the mechanism but still couldn't help being pulled under by it. He had wanted to ask the driver, an already disgusted beta, to turn around and take them back to Baker Street. To take John into his bed and do whatever it took to give him relief and pleasure. The relief and pleasure he was now getting from someone else. A proper, dominant, experienced alpha. He forced his mind back to the case, such as it was.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, wanting to say something placating but not knowing where to start. He became conscious of the smell of food and his belly rumbled. A dish of what looked like lasagne sat on top of the stove.
Sherlock sighed. 'Its perfectly simple. Soo Lin Yao had an A-Z on her desk in the restoration room at the museum. She'd lived in London for years why did she need it right there in front of her? Why would a far east based smuggling outfit use an A-Z anyway? Conclusion? The A-Z had only been used recently, since they moved operations into London therefore Soo Lin was still smuggling.'
'Adjust away.' John said standing still as Sherlock carefully removed his tie and undid a couple of buttons. Running fingers through his hair to disorder it slightly. The brush of fingers was lovely, the scent even better.
'You have me Mr Holmes, this is mostly for show.' Shan handed the gun to Zhu Zhi. 'This on the other hand.' She pulled the cover off the ornate crossbow setup from the circus, it pointed at John and Mycroft. 'Will i choose a volunteer Mr Holmes?'
‘Oh, well that's…he’s very suitable but he...’ She looked at him oddly for a moment-her face shutting down to a neutral professional smile. ‘Twice a day as needed.’
‘Well, it's the weirdest situation I've seen blood pressure taken in and that's saying something. Not relevant to the detective work though, is it?’
'I wanted to talk to you about that.' The alpha stood hesitant in the doorway. ' I thought you could use some assistance with your undercover work.'
‘You are explaining yourself perfectly.’ John reached up to kiss his cheekbone. The sharp edge under smooth skin just what he’d imagined. ‘When I got home that night I did as you suggested.’
‘We were both on this chemistry course and I don't think either of us wanted to be there. I wanted to paint and he was just too smart, bored. My dad bullied me into going. He meant well, wanted me to have a solid qualification from a good university.’Victor paused to sip his drink, looking sideways at John.
The omega had steeled himself a little. It wasn't that he expected Sherlock to be rough exactly, more over-enthusiastic. Actually he was gentle, heartbreakingly so. John closed his eyes, he could feel himself opening up and when a finger was slipped inside him his body was more than ready for the breach. When a second was added he arched into the contact.
‘I’ve emailed you your receipt Dr Watson, enjoy your evening.’ She smiled brightly before turning and clicking away on her heels.
‘No, well, that's not why we're here though is it.’ The cabbie goes on to explain, a good pill and a bad pill. The cabbie takes the one he doesn't choose. A fifty/fifty chance with the pills, or a bullet in the head.
When they found the symbol again, thoughtlessly scrawled across priceless marble, Sherlock watched John's face fall, Soon Lin was probably dead.
Lestrade came to visit on the second day and brought another couple of files. Sherlock was particularly pleased to see the yellowing pages of a genuinely old case along with the violent death Lestrade had described to him the day he broke his ankle. John would likely have told him it was inappropriate to think so, since someone had died, but there was almost a romance to really old cases.
The artist smiled at him. John realised that he now couldn't leave without looking like he was avoiding him so he stayed behind.
'God yes.' John whispered. Eyes glued to the alpha' s cock until Sherlock emptied himself onto his stomach.
John felt genuinely sorry for him. He had treated a few omegas with the same problem and it made normal life impossible. Heats that came with no warning and followed no timetable. They could last as little as a few hours or as long as a week. In one case he had admitted someone to hospital for dehydration after a five day heat, despite his distraught alpha's best efforts to care for him.
‘My therapist said it would be good to write things down. I have a therapist.’ John looked away, embarrassed.
'I don't blame her, if I'd kissed you and you'd left me hanging I'd need to relieve the tension as well.' John replied close to his ear.
His last had been spent in rehab, the time before that he couldn't remember. Probably for the best. He did know it was, ironically, the overdose that had saved him from the predatory alpha dealer he'd been desperate enough to buy from.
Sherlock turned slightly towards them and the omega tensed. Sherlock, smelling as he did of another omega, was not the sort she wanted to share confidences with. Anthea threw him a glance, a signal to bugger off and let her get on with it.
‘Yeah, but if you were dying ... if you’d been murdered: in your very last few seconds what would you say?’ Sherlock worked through the thing in his head, trying to redeem himself, even if only to John.
‘Well, maybe it was in the case when you brought it back and it fell out somewhere.’ Lestrade said, glancing around.
‘They all think I’m with you - enjoying it while I can.’ John whispered conspiratorially behind his menu. Sherlock returned interested glances from other diners with a hostile glare.
'Its not exactly that I don't do...I just haven't, for a very long time...I'm sorry.' He trailed off, kind of worrying that John would politely extricate himself and leave. Possibly to go and find someone who would spread their legs. Except not really because John Watson wasn't that man.
'Sort of, I erm- I have erratic heats.' The younger omega turned and walked away a few paces, fidgeting with a hanging coil of cable .
He remembered their conversation about how John used to do this a lot and he wondered if all the others had seen this flash of vulnerability, if it had even been on display. He took a deep breath squeezing the hand before releasing it to start undressing himself, starting with his shirt buttons. No hint of tease. John at this moment needed to be wanted.
Mycroft tossed a paper napkin over the specimen bottle before beginning to fussily fish out and squeeze the teabag.
He excused himself, heading for one of the French doors that seemed to have been left open for smokers. There were steps down into a rose garden and he sat on a stone bench fighting the urge to cry or hit something, probably both. He knew Sherlock was too much of an independent thinker to hang on his parents opinions but it still stung.
'Don't be like that John, I'm buying, besides it can only help if Lestrade is known to have an omega with expensive tastes.' Their eyes met briefly in the mirror.
'What are you doing?' Sherlock said, as Lestrade dropped a rucksack on the floor and closed the front door.
He went to his room where the photographs were still spread on his bed and as he turned to the following alpha he realised that leading John to his bedroom was not the best way to go about things - too late now.
John did but still nothing. Sherlock went off to call Mycroft, see if the 'people' he had watching Lestrade could shed any light.
'He can handle this now, more effective than he looks actually. Don't tell him I said that.' Sherlock said, stepping back out of the room.
'I just mean we’ll work it out, we've got options. I was thinking, I'm still entitled to that extended medical leave. I could take it, stay with you for a while when you get out. That was kind of the plan anyway.' Matt came to rest his other hand on John's thigh.
'No one long-term since before I was in the army. Most alphas don't want a bondmate that thinks for themselves let alone one that works in a war zone.'
'I might have plans.' John said playfully, giving an involuntary yelp when Sherlock's hands tightened, pulling John back against his rapidly hardening cock.
As the prisoner was hauled away Sherlock turned back to the room. The technician was packing his kit away. 'Beer on Lestrade later I think.'
‘You'll be fine. I can't see John.being the sort to just lie there anyway. I think you'll be given direction.
'Well, anyway, give anyone you see from the old team my best, won't you John.' Jason moved away quickly, not waiting for a reply as he disappeared into the building.
'Missy knows but she pretends not to. Jim-he likes to keep work and family separate. We're careful, you know, scents wise. We better get back.' Joe said finally. He led John back inside but took him the opposite direction round the main dance floor and past the bar.
‘They've decided to go in heavy to a warehouse, a supplier of Graeme owns it. Someone's hunch.' She said, disgusted.
'Now.' He breathed in Johns ear before swinging the door wide and stepping into the office. A man with salt and pepper hair stood in the other doorway brandishing a police warrant card.
The technician gestured to Sherlock and handed him a pair of binoculars. 'You might want to look, it's about to go down. They’ve got some toys down there I reckon.'
There was something else too. The thought of John’s lover had stirred something. Sherlock recognised it only because he had seen it so often in his work. He was jealous too.
'They're working up to something, something big and I-we-are mixed up in it somehow. Lestrade and Mycroft bringing me the same thing at the same time. That's no coincidence.'
Sebastian's office was in a commanding corner. There was a tense moment when he introduced John as his friend.
'I thought you'd want some time to yourself, away from my attentions. You seemed so...fragile I suppose. I would have brought you water.' The alpha was apologetic.
'You'd be surprised. It looks impressive from a distance, it's supposed to of course but up close.' Mycroft gently kicked a crumbling section of balustrade with a brogue. John looked down the garden to where Mr Holmes was showing some of the guests the roses. The grounds were certainly overgrown in places now he was looking closely.
'It'd be good, to see you settled.' Harry John could protest that it was early days she sat bolt upright with a small yelp, staring at her laptop.
John sat thoughtfully in the pleasant breeze for a few minutes, watching the slow progress of Mr Holmes and company round the obviously much loved roses. Mycroft Holmes as cupid, God help them.
'God no - he'll have scanned for recording equipment. The meetings he uses this for he wouldn't want filmed. Sherlock continued the motion with his hand, though more gently, friction on a particular spot causing John to gasp.
'Its just hormones Sherlock, yours and mine and whatever happens when the two get together. For what it's worth, I was sort of flattered. It's a nice way to wake up, wrapped around someone who obviously enjoys it. It's not like you were forcing yourself on me.' Sherlock shyly looked up from the sink. John smiled. 'It's been a while since that's happened.'
As Sherlock left the room the television erupted into cheering and John grabbed Lestrade excitedly by the arm.
Mycroft went very still for a second, staring at him intently before reaching into his breast pocket. He placed an expensive looking business card on the table. A mobile number written in biro.
'Yeah, I only knew George years later of course but he was lovely. Funny thing was after they bonded she was ready to go back to being a normal stay at home omega. She'd only worked because her first alpha drank the money, even with that as her reason she wasn't approved of by some. George though encouraged her to keep a bit of independence, saw she was happy that way. She ended up a landlady in the end, well- you've seen the picture.' Sherlock nodded, he remembered the framed print on Lestrade's desk. A formidable looking woman, behind her bar, her children sitting in front of her.
‘Relax, I'm not suggesting you knot me and bite me in here just…’ The omega closed his eyes and pressed Sherlock's hand against his cock, hips pressing up against the friction. 'Not the same as you inside me of course but we’ll get to that.’ John held his hand in place and he took the hint, gently stroking through the fabric.‘I won't break you know.’ John said breathlessly, pressing his hand harder.
Not feeling quite like sleeping yet he moved to the living room and poured himself a modest measure of Sherlock's neglected Highland Park. He didn't bother to turn the lights on as he went and stood at the window.
Alpha scent arouses omegas. Put indelicately it gets them wet, eases the passage of an alpha into their body. What it also does is lowers inhibitions, makes the idea of spending a few days with an alpha, maybe a stranger, inside you not just bearable but desirable,
He occupied himself tidying the flat, walking to the supermarket. He phoned the surgery and signed up for some shifts, on the understanding that they might need cover if his heat came on.
'I can't be completely certain but there's no suggestion anyone else is in danger. In fact if you were to stop helping me perhaps..' He broke off as john shook his head. Though actually Sherlock suspected it might be too late for that now. The case that was developing had a decidedly military flavour, that wasn't an accident.
John first thought was that he'd lost his erection, no big deal, he was nervous. John gently slid his hand between them. That wasn't the problem, far from it. At the base of the alphas still very hard cock a knot was beginning to form.
‘I know it's not enough to get you off, not during your heat. Feels good though, doesn't it?’ John whispered in his ear, dragging his teeth across the lobe. Sherlock managed a gasping response.
'I think Moriarty.' It was the first time Sherlock had voiced this aloud. 'I think its one individual. They had a hand in the taxi driver business, I think in the jade pin business too. There are hints around other cases.'
‘Mrs Hudson left champagne in the fridge, for after.’ Sherlock said, getting out a bottle of water and opening it for John who took it gratefully.
'This is not how people normally enjoy weddings you know.' John said with amusement as he was dragged. Reflecting that Sherlock was stronger than he looked for his skinny frame and wondering how that would play out in more intimate circumstances.
'Maybe they just store recycling here.' Lestrade was losing patience with him, wondering where he was going with this.
'Something like that. I don't want anyone looking at you like that but me.' John's voice was a rasping whisper.
'I think he worked it out himself years ago. We'll never know for sure now of course, his father died five years ago. I think he just wanted someone unconnected to cast an eye over it, confirm it.'
As Sherlock stood, shocked, his phone buzzed. A picture of of the symbols on the wall from John, no text.
There were two typically uncomfortable hospital chairs at the side of his bed and John let Mrs Hudson take the one nearest his head. The landlady chattered about about new carpet and the state of the fridge for a solid fifteen minutes. He avoided Sherlock's gaze and the detective avoided his.
'Now that is something.' Sherlock made a beeline for a sleek car in racing green towards the back of the yard.
Sherlock didn't get the chance to tell her that this was more likely to be as a result of his mess than whatever shady diplomacy his brother was currently involved in.
Sherlock looked through the glass at the alpha. He was wearing a disposable suit his leg jogging with agitation. He looked remarkably ordinary if terrified. Sherlock moved to the property on the table.
The alpha shook his head in embarrassment. 'This is my area, the Mediterranean. The Chinese stuff I probably know as much as you. She told me it was her mother's. When she asked me to keep something so personal safe for her I thought it meant something. I don't blame her, you know?'
He brought his hands to rest either side of Sherlock's head, leaning into his lovers space. Resting his face against the dark curls for a few seconds until his shoulder began to protest at the odd way he was balancing his weight.
'I assure you, you are having no effect on me. Can we sit?' Sherlock gestured towards the fireplace. They skirted the edges of the room before sitting in their respective chairs.
‘No, that’s ... that’s not right. How ... Why would she do that?...’ Sherlock thought out loud, genuinely confused.
'Not for the likes of me then.' John grinned. As the alpha joined him on the bed he growled, a feral noise John was sure the alpha hadn't known himself he was capable of. It did sudden, violent, wonderful things to John's lower belly.
I believe. Tell me, do you have to come in early or do you do the deed during your shift?' Sherlock turned to look mildly at one of the waiters. He stood red faced while the other one looked at him with disgust.
Sherlock watched as John produced an envelope and handed it to someone Sherlock couldn’t quite see. It was at this point all hell broke loose. Armed officers ran across the scene pushing the someone to the ground. John, rather than stepping back, as would be expected of a civilian, assisted with restraining the prisoner who was thrashing wildly. John had a physicality which he seemed to hide most of the time, all the more impressive for appearing in these unexpected bursts.
He hurried Sherlock through the front door, quietly shutting it behind them, though Mrs Hudson usually slept like the dead after her 'herbal soother'. He then firmly but silently pressed Sherlock back against the closed door, his gaze predatory.
'I know what you were trying to do Mycroft. I know and I appreciate it.' Sherlock said quietly. There was the faintest smile from his brother before Molly was gesturing through the glass.
'Very little physical, why would you throw a lot of security at a virtually empty flat with some brochures? Would look very suspicious. No, there'll be a guard for the building as you'd expect. Useless most likely.'
In uniform everyone looked the same but John could feel the slight roundness in Matt's hips and belly that had developed since he presented. After that they took every chance they could. Regulations or not.
He woke a couple of hours later to the smell of cooking, of food cooking. Only in 221b would he ever have to make that distinction. He got up, dressing in his slightly crumpled clothes from earlier, and wandered downstairs. He had expected to see Mrs Hudson pottering about but instead Sherlock was clearing vegetable peelings from the table, the sleeves of his white dress shirt rolled to his elbows.
He nodded to two of the bridesmaids as they came back inside, shivering in too-thin pashminas. Judging by the flirtatious smile he got in return his chances had improved from earlier and he was just about to follow them back into the party when something caught his eye.
He was just writing up a new post about how Sherlock had broken his ankle when he heard him returning with Mrs Hudson in tow.
He became aware of Sherlock studying him closely and he suddenly realised this heat was much further along than he thought, no doubt progressed by his flatmate's pheromones. His skin prickled and burned and he could feel the beginnings of an empty ache, almost like a hunger, that he knew would scarcely leave him for days.
He wanted to kiss William observe what might be called the romantic proprieties, that innocent slippery slide of lips and tongues. He was surprised how much he felt the need to but then that mouth, soft and pillowy.
More wine was produced and poured, they chatted. Films, holidays, Graeme' s charity work. Nibbling delicately round the edges of the reason they were really here. The two lime and soda drinking alphas stayed observant, barely talking. Regularly wandering off to take phone calls.
'Suppressant, I developed it myself. I missed an injection yesterday. The side effects are rather unpleasant, nausea and so on. I sometimes miss a dose, while I'm working. I don't feel it myself but the lower levels are obviously affecting my scent, especially with your approaching heat.' Sherlock stayed perfectly still.
The doctor sighed heavily, going limp for few seconds, then rolled himself upright. 'Come on, shower then bed.'
John, he noticed as he told the story, was as raptly engaged as ever, Lestrade was their friend after all, but there was something else. Relief. He deduced relief from the omega. He realised John had been worried that last night would change things. That he would somehow become less, merely a receptacle in Sherlock's eyes. The idea was ridiculous.
'Yes.' Sherlock sat up to make eye contact. Grateful for the no-fuss understanding, grateful for the way John's hands felt kind but firm against his skin. John's mouth was the same.
‘I'm sorry if I behaved badly just now. Lestrade he's our friend you see.' The omega nodded, she seemed to appreciate the gesture. 'It would be really helpful if you could show us anything and everything you have on
A few hours later they were sitting in an old fashioned pub across the road from the address Joe had given them. Practically untouched pints in front of them.
Sherlock struggled to keep a straight face even more. It was only days after they'd met that he realised he'd given the alpha his home address. Normally he was so careful to be anonymous.
‘Maybe we’re on the wrong track somehow.’ John said,trying to be his usual calm self. He glanced at Lucy who sat at the computer, awaiting instructions. Her hands were shaking, she was looking at the desk, blinking rapidly, all but in tears. John felt some protective instinct bubble up.
The older alpha regarded him closely. ' Look, I know you got started on that stuff, the suppressant and the coke, because you couldn't cope. Now though you can manage the rest of your head. You've got that mind palace up there.' Lestrade tapped his temple. 'You must have a room you can just put it in, alpha stuff, when it's not needed.'
They had sat in bed as he explained his theory about Lestrade's father. About how what was now a door in the alley they had visited had once been a small window. Dismissed as being irrelevant because an adult couldn't get through it. A fourteen year old boy though, one that circumstances had made small and wiry on one hand and angry and scared on the other could do so easily. It was little more than an air vent really for the kitchen behind. The murder weapon likely inconspicuously replaced in the knife rack minutes after the act.
‘A discretionary option. An acquaintance of mine, an alpha. I understand his private life is …heavily scheduled.’
'Yes, well, early days.' Sherlock could feel himself getting red-faced. He had barely considered his future relationship with John. Discussing it with the closest thing he had to an ex while undercover just might make his head explode. 'Thank you for your discretion.' He said formally and made to move away.
‘What on earth do you have a blog for?’ Sherlock immediately realised how this sounded.’What I mean is..’ John broke in before he could back track.
John had recommended her, when he'd given Sherlock the names of the painkillers he should try as promised and Sherlock had mentioned he wasn't happy with his current doctor. The alpha sometimes did locum shifts at the clinic she ran.
There was that moment after a chase, or a stand off, that moment when they knew they'd gotten away with it - again. The look on John's face then, so bright and alive. Sherlock could never take that from him. He tapped the phone against his fingers. Perhaps there was a middle ground. He dialled.
John was obviously a highly competent doctor, a little sentimental perhaps at ‘a woman lying dead’ as he had put it, but nearly everyone was. The revelation had been how much Sherlock liked his presence. How much it helped his process. His phone buzzed where it rested on his chest. He was disappointed it wasn't a reply from John.
'From what?' John said, defensive in his own way. 'I've no shifts this week so far and I met Mike Stamford for a pint this afternoon. My dance card is pretty empty apart from a physio appointment on Thursday.'
‘We’d have got him then. Are you ok ?’ The alpha reached for his, now tender, arm. ‘It's ok. I'm a doctor.’ A slight reassuring smile creased his face.
As he ate a surprisingly substantial room service breakfast three days later he found the rooms of his mind palace bathed in light. Details of the unsolved cases Lestrade had given him coming into sudden sharp focus.
‘Pity. We could have split the fee. Think it through next time.’ About this he was serious. He's done it before, one of Molly's lab assistants. The money was useful but it was mostly the satisfaction of getting one over on Mycroft. It was months before his brother realised. He noticed John was smiling a little, pleased with himself. ‘What?’
John looked round the group seeing mostly indulgent faces at their obvious affection. Except Mrs Holmes, her face had shut down and she looked thoughtful. There was a quick, polite upturn of her mouth as their eyes met but something had changed.
' The security assumes he's one of theirs and tries to take him inside. They argue, the language barrier makes it worse. He probably falls in the panic , the security's unlikely to damage merchandise deliberately but damage is done and he's dead, an unlucky stranger. There's a body so someone senior is called. Someone who sees an opportunity to test the loyalty of their newest employee.' Sherlock looked to Lestrade.
John remembered. He recalled watching the surreal images of snow covered motorways in a tinsel decorated mess tent while he’d been deployed. He also knew, though he didn't mention it, why it stuck in Harry’s mind.
For whatever reason Sherlock hadn't even thought about this. That the heat expected, tentatively looked forward to from his perspective, would still happen.
The name on the screen and the time immediately worried him. Joe. It was barely seven in the morning. He answered quietly, padding naked through to the living room. The younger man was having one of those reasonably lucid half hours between waves of his heat and was following up on last night's text. He sounded groggy but content and it broke John's heart to explain the shitty situation they found themselves in.
'It won't be here.' Sherlock said softly. I know you’re trying to protect me but this is one of the most secure transport hubs in Europe, it won’t be here. They’re too good for that. They’d consider it a wast of effort.’ John frowned at him.’What?’
He explained all this to John while they ate in a restaurant across the road from the Lucky Cat. They seemed to have picked things up as if nothing had happened. The strong smells of spice and sticky sauces covering up any scent from either of them. The rattles and hisses from the open kitchen filling any awkward silences.
'Lucky us.' John mumbled. Sherlock had moved to the sofa where he had flopped down, listlessly glancing through photographs. Pyjamas covering his thin frame. 'Still bored?'
‘Sally Donovan. She’s in my gym, we go to the same spinning classes sometimes.’ Molly shrugged casually, sipping her own coffee. ‘Said you two looked very cosy the other night. John isnt it? Is this a new thing then, one heat plus general dogsbody for the day after?’ Molly was warming to her theme.
John also knew that he’d have to tell Sherlock about it – he’d have to relive it one last time, for him. He’d have to break down the walls that kept the assault from completely taking over his head and let Sherlock in, rebuilding the wall around them, because Sherlock had to know. Despite figuring it out, he still knew too little – he still didn’t know everything that happened – and he should’ve known everything, from the beginning.
“Of course I did,” Harry replied. “We’ve seen it all before. It’s like with our weapons – they’re just giving us whatever they gave our siblings. We’ve seen the maze and the blood rain and the tracker jackers and the jabberjays... There’s probably a section out here for you – for Mycroft – and one for me and John. Though...we’ve been on the shore...I didn’t see any snow...”
“Don’t worry – it’s covered,” she assured him. “You just...have that look about you, once you’re violated by Charles Augustus Magnussen.”
It took John a second to realize what Dean was saying – why he had to explain to them that John never had to work in the mines.
“For those of you who missed it, we just had a huge confrontation in Sector Three. Robert Frankland and Janine Hawkins just tried to ambush Harriet Watson, but William-Sherlock Holmes swooped in to the rescue. After getting stung a whopping
Not like having it with him would do him any good, anyway – the rope tied around his ankle was made out of the same material as the net; a material too strong for any weapon to cut through.
The two boys stared at each other, Sherlock in shock, and John in unspeakable rage – Sherlock didn’t need to see his face in order to know that John was beyond livid. At first, Sherlock was unsure as to why John would be this angry about Sherlock sneaking out, but then he noticed the small matchbox next to John – Sherlock’s stash. As soon as Sherlock saw the matchbox, he completely understood why John was so mad – he had every right to be.
John and Harry stood in front of the television backstage with the rest of the tributes and their siblings, waiting for them to be called out again, one last time, to stand together while the anthem played.
After what felt like an eternity of fighting and losing, Charles Augustus took his lips from John’s, leaving his mouth wet and warm in ways John never wanted to think about again. His face was still entirely too close to John’s – the tips of their noses were still touching.
It was then his adrenaline stopped rushing through his ears, and he heard the crowd’s reaction, with Caesar Flickerman’s voice narrating their confusion:
“Good; I missed you too,” she said quietly, and changed the subject. “While you were asleep, I was thinking about it, and since the Capitol hates seeing us in one place for too long, I think we should move on to the next area. Does that sound like a reasonable and intelligent plan, Mister Holmes?”
Sherlock kept a watchful eye on John’s face as he got into position, and asked for consent to pull down John’s pants and underpants before doing so, but John still asked what Sherlock was doing the moment Sherlock looked away – the moment before Sherlock’s lips touched one of the only parts of John he had never touched before. Sherlock found this amusing and adorable, until he realized that John may not actually want what Sherlock was willing to give, especially considering that the last time anyone had touched the place Sherlock now wanted to put his mouth on, it was in the training center’s stairwell and without John’s consent.
And, even though he knew he was only allowed one question, that he was supposed to ask for permission from Dean for a follow-up question, the words were pushing their way through John’s lips before he could stop them.
“Well, I appreciate that,” John replied. “And I think now would be a good time to bring it up, since our hearings are tomorrow – my hearing’s tomorrow. There are going to be questions about what happened and I don’t want you to find out at the same time as everyone else, this time.”
“He’s probably doing it now to take attention away from the memorial,” Sherlock replied, voicing the theory he had thought of while he was shooting up that morning.
“Of course. Good luck, Mycroft,” she signed, and Mycroft knew she was aware of the decision he had made, putting Plan B into effect.
As soon as Mycroft’s name was mentioned, something in John went off – something happened, and he couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
“What I’m trying to get at is there have been some...” he looked around the room, searching for the words. John knew where this was going – the one place he didn’t really want the conversation going that night. “...extremely false rumors that have been going around –”
“Goddamnit,” John muttered, covering his beet-red face with his hand as Sherlock put the pieces together, glancing back and forth between the two.
And with that alone, Sherlock felt at least a little more confident than he had been moments before. Mycroft knew what he was doing – he had a plan.
“You joined us a very difficult time for William – he thinks he’s killed a few of the tributes. He’s good natured, like you – he didn’t want to hurt anyone.”
“Right, of course you did.” There was a silence as Sherlock stared at John, and John looked everywhere except for at Sherlock. “Thank you,” he said finally. “For telling him to come see me. I...couldn’t have done it without him.”
The first question was completely forgettable in Sherlock’s mind, especially because of the next person who had to ask John a question: Hannibal Lecter Magnussen.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” John said finally, once he had finished, his eyes red and his voice hoarse.
“– wanted me to go collect – you know,” she said, glancing back at Sherlock, and immediately John knew who they were speaking of. “Could you bring me to him? Louise can handle bringing these three up to the penthouse; can’t you?” she asked, giving a friendly punch to Louise’s shoulder.
“I, very literally, ran into Charles Augustus Magnussen on the fifth floor of the stair well, and for a moment I actually thought it was Sherlock – for a second I thought that I had found him, and I was so relieved for just one second – but then I looked at his face – at the cigarette in his hand –”
was being released on the eight-year anniversary of the Battle for Panem and Mycroft’s death, seeing as there were eight years between Mycroft’s Games and John’s Games, which Sherlock understood. He just also really hated the idea of having a whole party in the Capitol with people – not just people,
He had no idea how John had read his mind, but he was thankful for it – every plan he had come up with for initiating it made him roll his eyes at how utterly stupid it seemed. But it was happening, right now – within the next few minutes, Sherlock realized as John took off Sherlock’s shirt, and Sherlock went to work trying to remove his boyfriend’s pants.
John tried grounding himself – tried to keep himself from screaming, really – while he suffered through –
Her jaw dropped in shock, and Mycroft tried not to think about the reason he could see the bottom of the inside of her mouth. Instead, in a fit of determination and impatience, he gripped her shoulders, jostling her as he spoke.
“Difficult to avoid,” Hannibal replied, no apology in sight. “I really must introduce you to a finer aftershave; whatever you’re wearing now makes you smell...numb.”
“I also...I also keep thinking that – that everyone back home wants me dead,” Sherlock admitted quietly, after a moment. “Because I’m a freak. And an asshole.”
“Let’s try somewhere else,” he suggested coolly, and John had no choice but to follow him. “You have to be calm, John,” he said, taking a sip of his wine-and-whiskey concoction. “Remember what I said?”
The Victory Tour was actually beginning to feel victorious – like the vacation Mrs. Hudson always said it should’ve felt like.
And soon, the sound of those seventeen words were the only thing that filled the small space. His voice was hoarse, he was tired, but he kept going, kept repeating the words, afraid that if he stayed silent within that dark, cramped room, for even a moment, he’d go crazy.
“That is absolutely incorrect,” Harry said, her voice breaking. “There is no one in this entire world that could possibly replace you, Sherlock Holmes.”
was the one who killed him? How could he ever look into the faces of Sally’s and say the same, when her final words had been spent screaming insults in John’s face?
And that’s when he saw the destroyed buildings. Luckily, it was only a few buildings – just a few shops nearby the Justice Building – a building that John had expected to be completely destroyed, but seemed to be completely untouched. But there was one building that was completely destroyed – one big gaping hole where a building used to stand, now completely reduced to rubble, while the ones surrounding it – the two on either side of the hole and the three behind those buildings – those were also partially ruined, with broken-down walls and fire marks climbing up the bricks.
“He did?” he asked, his heart racing painfully at the thought that Sherlock had missed him that much.
He was Sherlock Holmes, for fuck’s sake. This is what he had to do. He was a target, and targets walk face-first into danger and wait to be attacked – he
When they had first begun to do the packing, Sherlock had offered to pack up Mycroft’s room, until he got to his room with a box, and John supposed Sherlock realized at that point what packing up Mycroft’s room entailed: taking apart a room that Mycroft himself had set up specifically just to move it somewhere else. John wasn’t sure what would happen from that point; either his belongings would stay in boxes in the attic, or Sherlock would try to set up Mycroft’s room again in the spare bedroom, just to find that Sherlock would never be able to set it up in a way that his brother would approve of, because his brother could never approve or disapprove of anything Sherlock did ever again. All John had to do was glance at Sherlock, standing alone, frozen in Mycroft’s room, to know what was happening, and he immediately phoned Dean.
Mycroft had told them, only yesterday, even though it seemed like it had been at a far more distant time.
As Sherlock hummed again, it began to rain, and Harry was sure she was only just imagining the droplets being as red and thick as they felt and looked.
“But that’s too many names to write, so Uncle Dean decided to just write the names of those who lost, so we would remember who won.”
Even though the emotion showed for probably only a fleeting moment, Mycroft read John’s face in that time, and quickly explained himself. “It’s just for authenticity’s sake. You said you trust me with your life, John. I will not betray you.”
After that, Mycroft went through extreme lengths to ensure that John steered clear of Hannibal. But Mycroft wasn’t there to protect him, anymore.
“What makes you think something happened?” he asked, and he instantly wanted to put the words back into his mouth. That was probably the worst thing he could’ve asked – today especially. He did not need Sherlock’s deductions – he didn’t need to be told how glaringly obvious it was that he had been hurt –
think about anything once the thought’s in their head. I think the question you’re looking to ask is if I actually considered what you offered the night I returned from my Arena, and the answer to that is no. I don’t want to be your friend, I don’t want your help, and I definitely don’t want to be your murder protégé, so kindly fuck off.”
John had never heard so much about their family, about Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. He asked all his questions, even the ones that he didn’t know he had – what they looked like, how they felt about their children’s genius, what they were like to strangers, if the two boys had ever discussed them after their deaths…
“What’s the protocol for today?” John asked Mycroft as cover-up was applied to the shadows under his eyes.
He wanted to go to his mind palace – just for a second, just to calm down – to think of a plan – but he couldn’t. There was too much noise, too many people, too many people after him, and not enough places to hide.
“Of fucking course – they want us to reunite in front of everyone –” John started to complain, but then he noticed that Mycroft was reading the letter over again to himself with a furrowed brow. “Mycroft?”
“That act of kindness has saved my brother’s life in so many ways that it’s difficult to keep track,” Mycroft mumbled, more to himself than to John. “I can never repay you enough for making the decision to speak to him that day.”
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked, upon finding that he was nowhere to be seen, and Harry, who had been helping John unload groceries, stopped short.
“No, we have not,” he replied. “I don’t know if we ever will, but we’ve talked about it, and we’re both okay with it. But really, our sex lives aren’t actually anyone’s business anymore, right?”
No one said a word about Mycroft Holmes. Everyone who had something to say – everyone who had a eulogy burning in their pockets or in their minds – was waiting for Mycroft’s memorial service to read them out loud.
“Aurora’s sister,” Dean added, and it was then John remembered: Charles Augustus Magnussen had raped her sister’s corpse in the Arena.
Keeping his eyes on John, Sherlock leaned forward, his mouth moving closer to John’s now-exposed area, and he was just about to make contact, glancing away from John’s eyes to ensure that his aim was perfect (which it was – of course it was), when John finally found his voice, his hand flying to Sherlock’s dark curls.
With all of the excitement of John’s new life, he had somehow forgotten that life went on, despite his personal win. John may have been taken out of the reaping pool, but Sherlock and Harry were still able to be reaped. Except, Sherlock couldn’t – not if they were leaving –
John remembered the fact that he had once said those very words to Sherlock – just before his evaluation with the Gamemakers before going into the Arena:
Once the stylists, Mrs. Hudson, and Mycroft were all presented and seated, Caesar called out Sherlock and Harry, and they rose from the plate on the stage’s floor, the same place John himself had stood last year.
There was silence as Sherlock filled his glass, and Mycroft began to speak again as the glass touched Sherlock’s lips.
“What if no one played?” Louise asked, suddenly, her eyes welling with tears as she looked up at Mycroft. “What if, when the countdown ends and the Games begin, no one moved?”
John finally exited his room in the early hours of the morning – when most people considered it to still be nighttime. Sherlock was still up, naturally, but Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson had gone to bed hours ago. When he emerged into the main car, Sherlock, who was watching the Avoxes clean, looked up at him.
“They can wait!” Sherlock all but shouted, turning to his brother, one eye done and the other untouched, which would’ve looked funny if it wasn’t for the icy glare he was giving him. “John needs time, and if they won’t give it to him I
At the beginning of the explanation, people were beginning to squirm in their seats, uncomfortable. By the end of the explanation, some people seemed to be angry – enraged that they fought in this battle for freedom just to be locked up forever. Sherlock wasn’t angry at all though – he was scared. He was going to be asked thirty-two questions about anything – there were thirty-two chances for someone to ask if he was high – and if he answered incorrectly, or differently from how everyone
“Are they the names of the winners?” Hamish asked, and Sherlock and John eyed each other from over their son’s head.
“No,” Harry sighed, standing up and stretching as she walked over and removed the arrow. “Thought I saw something when I was...you know,” she trailed off, twirling a finger around her head.
“Well, there were still some people who wanted...relations with me. But to everyone’s shock and dismay, shortly after I was assigned to them, they’d go back to President Snow denying they had ever requested me.”
But there was something about this time – maybe it was the way Sherlock had cried as he said it; maybe it was the compromising position he was in when he said it, keeling in front of the toilet; maybe it was the stupid line of spittle hanging from his mouth as he said it, reminding him of the way the detox was taking its toll, because of a reason that Emmettson Blasscliffe
be annoying, but it’s also a part of you I always admired.” John paused for a moment, letting the words sink in between them before speaking again. “And anyway, I should’ve told you about Magnussen as soon as it happened; I just –”
Sherlock had given him the man’s name a couple times during his detox, begging John to go see him, to go get Sherlock what he needed, and of course John refused every time, but there was something about the most recent time he had asked that struck a chord with John. Sherlock had been in the middle of a nasty bout of vomiting, his head halfway into the toilet, when he started begging.
And in that moment, it hit Sherlock what he was about to do. For him, everything would be over in the next five – maybe ten – minutes. But for Harry, she was going to have to live with this for a long time.
As the train made the travel south, John and Sherlock were treated to the idea of spring – everything wet from the melting snow, and the new flowers blooming through the dampened ground. Of course District 12 had seen spring, but this was somehow different for them – being in the cold for so long and getting a private taste of what was going to come to their District over the following months.
“Mm-hm,” Harry replied, the spoon in her mouth as she reached beside her for a second one and extending it to him.
“I wanted to show them what I could do – I wanted to prove to them that I knew what I was talking about when I –”
But John didn’t know, for sure. Even seeing Mary Morstan’s parents in District 12 now, six months later, made John feel like he was going to vomit on the spot, and he knew they forgave him. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like facing the families who resented him; who would never forgive him.
“Congratulations; you got me to forget that we were on this fucking train for more than two seconds,” John said, still smiling.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what to say to his brother, but luckily Mycroft filled the silence as they walked down the hall side-by-side.
was first published, though, Sherlock was right there alongside the rest of Panem, devouring each and every word, loving every page. However, there were corrections that Sherlock felt needed to be made, and, instead of bothering John about it pointlessly (seeing as John couldn’t very well go and un-publish a book), Sherlock marked it up with the commentary and alterations, writing notes in the margins and crossing out lines as he saw fit. But then Sherlock found that, when Sherlock’s thoughts and memories were too much for him to handle, it helped to see himself through John’s eyes – through the eyes of someone who loved him unconditionally. And so, he also kept an unmarked copy of John’s book, so that he could read John’s opinions of him unobstructed by Sherlock’s thoughts of himself. This was why Sherlock requested and received two copies of
Once he could breathe again, he reached for the bar of soap, not really feeling like doing anything, but finding excuses to remain in the tub, and began scrubbing at his red, raw skin.
“After the fight broke out, he realized that this was bigger than just a handful of us and ran for it.”
Once they were in the office, they all stood before Mycroft’s desk – Mycroft directly in front of his desk, and John, Sherlock, and Harry shoulder-to-shoulder in front of him.
“Thank you so much for coming – all of you –” Dean started as the three filed into the main hall, but Sherlock shook his head, cutting him off.
“Sherlock, Mycroft!” Caesar exclaimed, spreading his arms, as if greeting old friends, but Sherlock could see the gleam on his forehead – the shine of nervous sweat.
“Honestly? I have no idea, but I don’t really want to let this opportunity go,” Dean replied. “I need your help, Sherlock.”
“I feel like I’ve grown up on a screen, and that everyone has different opinions of me that are all completely wrong because they’re only going by what they’ve seen on television,” Sherlock said. “I don’t feel like a person, you see. I feel like...a tribute. Like I’ve always been a tribute. And now I actually am one.”
“It’s the least I can do,” Mycroft said. “We should get back to the party,” he went on, standing. “If Harriet runs into any tracker jackers she’ll need a medical kit more extensive than one hundred bandages.”
If he hadn’t been in a relationship with John for the past year, he might’ve compared seeing the Morphling to coming home after a long journey – safe and familiar after so much time with anything but that – but, thanks to John, he had discovered the true meaning of that phrase, so he knew immediately that seeing the Morphling on his bed felt nothing like that, at all.
John wanted to – if only to just see the look on President Snow’s face – but Mycroft would kill them before anyone else could, and John knew that.
the closure and she felt like this was a good time to seek for it. And then, she talked about Aurora – the sister she lost in the Games this year, just a few days ago. At first, John thought that people would think that Antonia was just using the memorial service for the people who had died the night before last to bring up something almost totally unrelated, but no one said a word. In fact, once she took her seat, people started to follow suit, getting up to speak of the people they lost in the Games, just days ago or even years before. Some people even went up to the stage a second time to speak. John then remembered what Mycroft had said about forgiveness, way back before the Games even started, in the private meeting for the mentors who were about to lose their siblings:
Within fifteen minutes, Sherlock was able to wake up both Watson siblings (much to their distaste), insist that they needed to get dressed and that he’d explain what was going on once they were, and lock himself in his room long enough to shoot up, shower, and get dressed, himself.
The paparazzi collects statements on Sherlock's resurrection from Mycroft and John; John is threatened; John becomes angry with Mycroft.
“I just thought, before any unnecessary questions were asked, that we should give everyone an idea of who exactly they were talking to. Did you think about what I told you the night you returned from your Hunger Games Arena?”
“No –” John started, but it was then that Dean approached them, with a grey-haired woman in a jumpsuit to match by his side.
“This is your favorite,” he said, realizing. The reason why he had rarely seen it was because Mycroft had kept it in his room; the only room of the house in which Sherlock wasn’t allowed.
Sherlock did not care about President Snow. He did not care about the Capitol. He did not care about extravagant things or expensive people or mountains and mountains of food they had for every meal. He probably couldn’t care less if someone paid him. But tonight – in the President’s banquet hall, decorated with a ceiling coated in stars, artificial clouds twenty-feet in the air the musicians could
He went back to the other bag, back in the building, and grabbed John’s throwing knives that Harry had grabbed back at the Cornucopia. He then walked back, thinking about what exactly he was going to do, and not doubting that it was a good idea for a second.
Sherlock looked up at his brother, then at John, and finally at Harriet Watson – his new opponent – and then, Sherlock Holmes dropped the vase, just to watch it fall.
So basically, I'm posting the last chapter of Part Two and the first chapter of Part Three tonight because I'm really happy right now.
“Yes, I know, I just –” Sherlock started out strong, but then faltered, and his voice quieted as he looked down at his feet. “He’s wearing a ring. It was our mother’s wedding ring. He kept it when she died, and I… And his pocket watch – that was our dad’s –”
They sat in silence again as Sherlock remembered his mother’s suicide, remembered what he felt, running through the crowds of District 12’s citizens as they gathered to see Mycroft and Anthea off to the Capitol, finding Mr. Cray conversing with Mrs. Hudson.
Harry nodded, still staring at the open doorway, but she didn’t give John any details about what she wanted from her room. So, when he entered the house alone, John made a couple guesses.
He didn’t know Sherlock’s history – how could he? Sherlock’s addiction to morphling was kept so far under wraps that only three people in all of Panem knew apart from Sherlock himself, up until Charles Augustus Magnussen managed to deduce it six months ago – something that John, even in death, never managed to forgive him for. But this man – this bystander, really – had no idea that Sherlock was using him to fuel his addiction, that he had a history that hurt John so deep he was willing to sprain this man’s arm to keep him from supplying Sherlock with the stuff again. Of course, he should’ve asked the instant any sign of worry crossed his mind, but he was from the Capitol – mental and physical turmoil was more of a sport than a reason for concern.
“I know I’m not Louise but – you know the boy who came in with me? The one who just left? That’s my boyfriend – he’s a friend of Louise’s. And I’ve met Louise. She – she would want you to come play with me. She wouldn’t want you to cry all day.” He held out his hand. “Come on, Archie.”
Sherlock didn’t remember leaving surgery, or being transported from the hovercraft to a room within the Capitol, but when he opened his eyes he found himself not on the metal table but instead in a hospital bed that was manipulated so he was sitting up in a dimly lit room.
Had time always been this agonizingly slow, before? He felt like he had been sitting for hours on his own, but he knew for a fact that it had only been ten minutes.
John was one of the people with, as Hannibal called it, a sneaking suspicion. John had a hope, as well, but he was still unsure.
John never really had to share the specifics of his story, at least, not like the others did. Because, really, most of his story was known, recorded and broadcasted for all of Panem to see: on the last day of training, Charles Augustus Magnussen had kissed and sexually assaulted John, and John had kept it a secret from his boyfriend, and was prepared for his boyfriend to die without knowing. The specifics didn’t need to be talked about, anyway – the feelings John was still experiencing, however, did. Unfortunately, though, whenever the time came for him to speak, nothing came out. It wasn’t as if he refused to talk about it – he simply couldn’t. But for John, that was alright; just hearing that he wasn’t alone was help enough.
Mycroft and John stared at each other for a moment, John’s chest heaving and his teeth grit together in effort to keep ahold of himself – to keep himself from falling apart.
“Do we get to go home if we lose?” he asked, very quietly, the innocence drained from his voice, and Sherlock, knowing that Archie was on his way to truly knowing the answer, told him the truth.
. And he’s done the same to countless others – he has children that have no idea who their father is because he promised these girls that if anyone found out he’d do so much worse to them.”
“Okay,” she said, still nodding, beginning to turn away from him – not because she wanted to, but because he requested it. “Whenever you’re ready, then.”
“He’ll be alright,” Louise assured him, and somehow John believed her, because he knew that she would know more anyone else; she had lost her brother, too.
was the one to be respected. There was only one person he didn’t do this with, and that was John, and that was only because of what he had done for Sherlock. That was, until now. Mycroft viewed John as his equal, which was the closest Sherlock had ever seen to him holding his esteem anywhere near another person’s, but with Dean Bainbridge...it was as if Mycroft was slightly – marginally – submissive to him. Not in any notable way – it was all in the body language between the two of them. Dean had mentored Mycroft almost nine years ago, and Mycroft still held himself in the highest of respects, but it seemed as if Mycroft looked up to him, as opposed to down on him, like he did with just about everyone he met.
“And he hated it – I could tell. Sure, his body reacted accordingly, but I would look at his face and he...he hated it. I kept asking him if he was alright – if he wanted to stop – I kept telling him we didn’t have to keep going – until finally he just told me to stop giving him the option. He had told me to stop trying to give him a way out, because none of them would. In his mind, he
The two boys kissed, their hands still resting on the box which contained a record of their entire relationship, and that was where they made the decision, after spending months creating the book, to bury it in the iris meadow. It only seemed right, after what the mere existence of the irises had done for them and their relationship. They went down into the meadow itself, picking iris upon iris to press into each and every page of the book, marking each and every word written within it with the flower that started it all, and, after Sherlock removed the wedding rings from the chain of the dog tag necklace, the dog tags also went into the box which contained the book – neither of them needed it now. There were no more Arenas for them to go into. There were no more tribute tokens that they needed to wear. There were no more Games for them to play. They didn’t even need the book of their relationship, anymore – they could start completely fresh, on that front. They could finally focus on the future.
