He stood awkwardly for a moment, rocking on his heels and staring at the pristine walls. He hadn't been told what else to do, so he just stood there, hating how the knot in his stomach was already starting to tighten now that he had nothing to do.
The need to submit had been really bad the last couple of days, that was the main reason he was there, at Castiel's house, but before he’d given in, when he was still trying his best to avoid Cas, the need had gotten bad enough that he could barely function. He had called in sick to work, and then just readied himself to wait until he was desperate enough to go and find someone to help him.
"Dean, I need you back here properly so I can talk to you." Dean hummed against the leg under his face, slowly returning to reality. He knew he had no chance of coming back fully, but it would be better than before, and hopefully he would still be back enough to listen to whatever Cas wanted to say. It sounded serious, and Dean was instantly worried about what was about to happen.
"Would you like some pie?" he asked, going to the kitchen to grab two plates before Sam answered. He refused to be related to someone who said
"Yes Sir," Dean managed to say just before Cas left the room, leaving him alone with his thoughts. He could no longer think that this was a mistake, not when he was feeling more settled than he had in weeks, his instincts starting to calm now that he had his - no, he needed to set him free. After this. One last time. Then he would free him. - Now that he had a dom with him.
"Yes, I recall," Cas said slowly, "but that was only for a week, and I got back weeks ago. That doesn't explain how it got this bad without you coming here."
Eileen nodded, looking really excited about it. Dean couldn’t tell if she was excited about the pie, or the reason she needed a pie, but he hoped it was the first one. He had a lot of respect for people who were that excited about pie.
Apparently Dean wasn't going to be eating on his own today. That was probably just as well, he wasn't sure he would be able to if given the choice.
"Bingo! Now, I don't expect any of you to know what the spell’s for, but I’ll let Lilith explain that,” Azazel says teasingly, and gestures to his side where Lilith stands with her hands clasped.
"See, children, I don't need to go inside the house, because what I need is in the ground. The house, of course, was just built after," she says, raising her voice to be heard by the nearly prostrate hunters at her feet, and Cas bites back a curse. It had been a stupid oversight on all their parts.
"They're ingredients- for a spell," Jess finally bites out, her voice low and menacing, and Azazel claps happily at her.
“There was a coup in Heaven that ended nearly forty some years ago. A lowly renegade angel up and decided that the grand fight between Our Lord Lucifer and his brother Michael wasn’t
"Alright enough with the games, the house is warded to Hell and high water, there's no way you're getting in," Dean says harshly, and the demon hums softly, eyes roaming the glowing walls of the farmhouse.
As the final wards activate, Dean steps out of hiding, his hands up and face determined. Next is Sam around the other side of the house, similarly with raised arms, and the demon claps her hands together in unconcealed glee.
“I thought you were supposed to be my backup?” Jess lets out a harsh laugh as she wipes the machete’s blade against her already dirtied jeans, and then sheaths it in one clean move.
"So what- you want me to just sit back and let you throw yourself into danger? We're supposed to be helping people, not using it as some glorified suicide attempt," Jess snaps, her eyes facing forward as a tear escapes down her face, all cast in the blue glow of the vacancy sign outside.
, standing and seemingly more whole. His back is to them,  Jess and Sam are raising their own heads in dazed bewilderment, as he stalks towards the fallen Lilith.
"I hope I haven't missed anything too exciting," Azazel says with a casual smile, much less wired, than his female counterpart, as he tosses the sack at her feet.
When he does return to the room, Jess is up, perched on the edge of the bed, blinking awake slowly. She takes the coffee without comment, nodding her head to him in silent thanks.
“Give me the keys,” Jess says, holding out her hand impatiently as Cas slips from her arm to lean against the car.
"Fine then, I'll let them watch, it'll be more fun that way," she whispers back and in the next moment her hand is being struck out, bringing the three hunters to their knees in violent succession.
The ghoul jumps him then, in either a show of extreme bravery or else extreme malice, taking Cas off guard. They go down hard, and Cas's head hits the tile floor with a sickening crack, a sound that unsettles even him.
"How did you- it shouldn't be possible!" Lilith howls, her face screwed up in fear and confusion, but Castiel does not falter as he stalks her, hand outstretched, as she tries to scuttle backward, like a small, easily squishable bug.
"Let him go or I'll shoot," Jess says, harsher now, and the demon lets out a raucous laugh this time, finally letting go of Cas's face to turn completely towards her new opponent.
The ghoul doesn't give him time to mourn the life unsaved, as it jumps at him through the dark. Cas thankfully has always been light on his feet and shifts out of the way, leaving the ghoul to crash into the wall. The lights flash on as the ghoul stumbles against the lightswitch, and they both squint in the anesthetic, hospital-like brightness, white tiles reflecting the lights. Cas notices now the funeral director is not the only body in the room, and he gazes, panicked at the two stacked at the other end on observation tables. Neither of them, however, are fresh- dug up corpses for the desperate ghouls.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you break your promise to me," Cas says, voice rough and unsteady, and Dean raises his eyebrow at the exchange. Gabe waves it off easily enough, with a shrug.
“Well, I hope the concussion was worth it,” she says with an obvious eye roll, as she wraps her arm under his, taking the weight off his shaking legs.
,” Dean barely says the word so much as sighs it, and Cas looks up at him with a fond, self satisfied smile.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice wrenches something free from the freezing panic rushing through Cas, and again his struggle to break free continues in vain as he watches
“I’m okay,” he says unevenly, even as Dean has to put a steadying hand on his back to keep him sitting upright.
have believed it, that the man he'd know this past week could have been an Angel at any time. Grumpy, and sardonic, as human as they come as Lilith had said. But here,
He begins packing then, gathering the few items scattered around their room and stuffing them into his duffle bag. Jess watches him quietly for a few moments, bringing her legs up into a crisscrossed position on the bed.
"Is your partner late?” he chokes out, letting out a slight groan of pain as she pushes harder, the metal creaking beneath him now. She just grins at him, tutting softly as finally, she comes face to face with him. He only takes a bit of satisfaction that Shelly is a good foot shorter than him, and she has to crane her neck up.
, the angelic coward,” Lillith spits, taking a few menacing steps back in Cas’s direction. “He forbid further action to be taken towards the culmination of the grand fight. He locked Heaven up, and any demon worth their salt who has tried to break seals since then has been destroyed.”
Back in the bathroom, he changes into a threadbare t-shirt and sweats, reveling for a moment in the semi-clean of them before reality comes crashing back down on him. There are bruises blossoming around his throat, finger prints left by the ghoul. He uncaps the ibuprofen bottle, the back of his skull still pulsing in pain, and swallows down two of the pills, scooping water into his mouth from the sink. It leaves a metallic taste in his mouth that he cringes at, as he wipes the back of his hand across his mouth. With a sigh, he grabs for his phone, turning away from the mirror to lean awkwardly on the sink.
“Yes, well- I thought you might have another case for us? We’re finished with the ghouls here, and I don’t believe we plan on sticking around much longer,” Cas says, breathing out a quiet sigh.
“No, I’m not. I saw the light die in their eyes, and of course, poor Stephen Moore didn’t mean for it to end that way but- not all traps are set well,” she says loud enough for the other hunters to hear, and Jessica flinches as if she were slapped.
The rest of the hunters yell out in protest, stuck watching as Lilith has her fun. Finally she lifts her foot, and lands a kick to the soft part of his stomach, incapacitating him enough to her liking.
The air in Cas’s throat thickens, and for a second it seems almost impossible to breathe. Lilith sensing this lets loose a howl of laughter, that even Azazel joins in on, as the sun touches the horizon behind them. Their shadows stretch and elongate in horrible, monstrous ways and Cas can not breathe.
An altar has been set at the foot of the hunters, the pewter bowl, on top of a sigil of some kind. Suddenly, before Cas can get his bearings, the pressure holding him to the Lincoln releases and he falls forward, legs weak with disuse. Lilith grabs him by the scruff of his neck dragging him up just enough that he's easier to hold. She doesn't let him stand, instead carrying his weight across the yard easily, even as he struggles and digs his heels into the ground. She dumps him at her feet, in front of Jess and Dean and Sam, and she grins as she places her heeled foot on his chest and pushes down. He doesn't scream right away, but when he feels a rib crack he can’t help it.
“I’m sorry.” It comes out softer than he’d meant it to, too fragile for the atmosphere between them, but Jess’s features soften. She adjusts the handle of her duffel, eyes averted as she collects her thoughts, before she answers.
“That is exactly where our story leads us. A Cupid's bow, a Nephilim's heart, and the Grace of an Angel; Ingredients for removing all of Heaven’s occupants in one fell swoop,” she says gayly, one arm swung out to showcase the sky above, the sun worryingly low on the horizon now.
,” he gasps out, and Lilith’s head snaps back laughter dying as she steps closer till they're nearly nose to nose.
He tries to stand, and fails, reeling from the injuries Lilith had inflicted, and woozy from the blood loss.
"Yes, you could say there was something of a snag. Upstairs reneged on their end of the bargain. It's hard to start the end of the world when not everyone's a team player," she says bitterly, and Cas has to stop himself from laughing at the absurdity of it.
"I don't know what you mean," he sighs, pressing his forehead to the cool glass of the window, unwilling to look at her, to see the worry and disappointment that surely mar her features.
” Dean asks, surprise and joy making his mouth do an awkward mixture of a smile and gasp. Cas doesn’t seem fazed by this and simply repeats.
"What's going on? What’s happening to him?” she asks shakily as they lower him to the ground, and all Dean can do is shake his head, just as unsure. He turns to Sam, who looks haggard but okay, standing above them with worry and apprehension.
When Dean had turned down his grandfather's offer, he's not sure who was more surprised. His grandfather or himself. After the defeat of both Lilith and Azazel, two high ranking demons the Men of Letters had been tracking for decades now, Dean had some leverage to negotiate. He would work under his mother, they would change their policies regarding hunter interaction, and someone else would be voted into the Chapter Head position.
At first there is nothing, just Sam and Jess's baffled and mournful looks, as Dean can feel his heart beating out of control, into full blown panic until.
And as Lilith gives a rictus grin at her accomplishment, and Azazel watches in appreciative silence, Castiel knows these demons do not know what they’ve unleashed.
He’d really only meant to set an alarm for the next day, but when he notices the icon of two missed calls from Garth, he doesn't think before pressing redial. He steps away from the bathroom door as the phone rings out, echoing slightly in the tiled room.
“He should have never been reconnected with his grace, that’s for one- he’s not an Angel anymore, that much power and knowledge has practically fried his brain,” Gabe says bitingly.
Eventually one of them has to pull away, at the very least to breathe, but even still the warmth pooling in Dean’s chest is electrifying as he looks down on Cas.
, Dean can come to no other conclusion, as Castiel brings his hand down on Lilith's head. This is an Angel pure and simple. Powerful, and mighty, and real.
"No, no, we were just having some fun. I hope the Nephilim was no problem?" she asks, bending down to peer into the sack curiously.
pumped through his skin. In the next moment, Dean is distantly aware of his nose knitting itself back together, of his split lip and gums repairing themselves, but all he can focus on is Castiel’s eyes, as they look down upon him with something akin to adoration.
"Let him go," Jess gits out, her hands gripping the shotgun tightly, hands steady and eyes focused. But Cas can tell she's terrified.
“I think I’m actually looking forward to this hunt- after these ghouls, a salt and burn sounds like a vacation,” she says, as she tosses her duffel bag into the trunk of the Lincoln, and pulling out the handgun she’d hidden behind her jacket out, checking it over as she walks closer.
"I think you've confused them," Lilith says, her demeanor leaning back into a horrifying cheer as she comes to stand by her partner.
“So what, there’s nothing you can do?” Dean asks, trying to keep the raw panic from his voice, as Cas’s skin begins to cool beneath his touch.
“Garth I- hope I didn’t wake you,” Cas replies tentatively, running a hand through damp strands of his hair.
Lilith’s eyes and mouth erupt with that same bright light, and then her body collapses, eyes burnt from their sockets. Dean can only stare as Castiel's eyes turn on him, an unreal shade of blue, expression impassable and all knowing. Something moves behind him through the dark and Dean quickly shouts-
He treasures the moments where he gets stress headaches from hours of data collecting, and tedious phone calls with out of state hunters. When Cas purposefully kisses him with morning breath and steals the last good donut from the box. When his mother refuses his idea to ask for more grenade launcher funding or decidedly kicks his ass in a sparring match. Or when Sam teases him relentlessly about the Angel on his shoulder, even with the sickeningly sweet relationship of his own. Or when Charlie and Cas gang up on him over which Star Wars movie is the best (It’s Return of the Jedi and no he will not back down from that). And even when things take a decidedly bad turn as they always do, it’s okay because it’s not okay. Because he has Cas there to lean against and his mother to confide in and his brother to pretend like it’s all okay, and his family to know that it will be in the end.
And the thing is, Dean doesn't think he’s ever been happier. The things that he thought he was missing, the pieces of the puzzle he wasn’t sure where to place, it's like they’d all clicked suddenly. It’s not perfect by any means, it’s still life, it’s still their crazy messed up world of demons and angels and monsters under beds. But they'd stopped the apocalypse, they'd saved the world, and they'd made it out the other side still intact.
"You're impertinent, I'll kill you first when I'm done here," she hisses, "but I think you'll survive choking on your own blood for a bit." And before any of them can call out in protest she slams Dean's face into her knee. There’s an audible crunch as what Cas can only assume is Dean’s nose breaking, and then blood flows freely down his face.
"If you touch a hair on anyone’s head I will not stop until you are left in the farthest pits of Hell for all eternity," he hisses back, and her smile wavers for just a fraction of a second. In the next, she's letting out a rushed giggle, too high pitched to be sincere.
Well then, Azazel dear, if you wouldn’t mind?” She turns back towards Castiel’s direction, as the air seems to bend and pop behind him. He jerks his head to the side to see the man from the TV, eyes still that sickly shade of yellow. In his hand, he carries a burlap sack, in which something that looks suspiciously like blood drips from the bottom.
Cas leans back then with a sigh, which means directly into Dean’s lap. When Cas notices this, he blinks up at Dean for a moment before saying.
"Oh, a little at first, but I felt much better when her heart was removed," he says with a callous laugh, and Cas stares at him in rapt horror.
“And what makes you any different?” Cas asks cautiously, and watches as Lilith’s smile turns sharp with satisfaction.
When Jess gets back out, he tosses her her packed bag and she catches it easily. They stand apart for a moment, their bags slung over their shoulders, bodies tense with unsaid words. Cas breaks first.
"You think we wouldn't come prepared? I shoot this and you go straight back to Hell lady," Jess says voice resolute and for a moment even Cas believes her certainty. The demon pauses, her head tilts, and for a second Cas thinks she'll back off.
Charlie doesn't seem to forgive him in the most childish way possible, for the large gaps in his story he'd managed to leave out. She doesn’t stop speaking to him, but she does manage to needle him about it all any chance she gets. She latches on to Jess immediately and is only slightly disappointed to find Sam and her have already hit it off. This doesn't deter her from trying to coerce Jess into working the archives.
The pain that blooms from the impact spot makes him gasp involuntarily, dazing him for long enough to let the ghoul really get a hold of him. It's fingers slick with already spilled blood grasp at his neck, tightening until all that Cas can do is struggle hopelessly for breath. He should be panicking now, should be trying everything in his power to get away but he can hear the sounds of heavy boots on the tile floor, and the ghoul is distracted while-
Azazel jumps him from behind, a long silver blade in hand, but Castiel ducks as the blade flies over his head, and then he brings his leg out to undercut the other demon. Azazel falls fast, his blade clattering from his hand as Castiel stands tall once more. He scoops the blade from the ground, twirling it with expert precision, and before the demon can even let out a howl of displeasure, the blade is being lodged in his throat. The demon's eyes flicker orange, his skull clear through translucent glowing flesh. And then he is no more, another corpse.
“Packing.” He doesn’t look over at her as he folds the bloodied shirt from the night before and tucks it beneath the rest of his clothes.
"Cas-?" Jess's voice is soft and broken, as she tries to stand herself, stance uncertain, legs shaking, but Castiel does not look to her yet, his gaze intent upon Dean.
He doesn't try to rouse her, knowing they've reached their limit for the day. She wouldn't take even the sincerest of apologies right now without complaint. So he heads for the shower, strips from his ruined clothes, and watches his failures of the night wash down the drain.
Someone is calling his name over it all, over the rolling ground, and shrieking incantation, someone is calling his name.
It’s Dean's voice that calls out next, and suddenly the front door that Jess had left open slams abruptly shut, as orange gold light floods from between its seams. One of the painted wards comes to life, across its surface burning bright and vivid. As it goes, the rest of the wards around the house flare up. Cas can see them through the windows, around the sides of the house, the place lights up like the 4th of July, and both he and Jess have to turn away from the light show. The demon only watches in rapt fascination.
And of course, there was the whole new aspect of having someone like Cas around. It had been three months and still every time they were alone with each other (rare in such close quarters with the rest of MoL) Dean felt like he was being pumped full of grace all over again. There are bumps, of course, Cas is still an annoying grump most of the time, only coaxed out of his shell by strong coffee and increasingly stupid jokes. And Dean is still sometimes an asshole, because of the stresses of reorganizing a whole chapter of the MoL or just dealing with his insane family, but Cas never lets the bullshit slide, and it’s easy then for Dean to snap himself out of whatever funk he's fallen into.
As his breathing becomes more difficult, Lilith's chanting grows louder still, and the wards on the house flicker furiously. The ground beneath them begins to shake, as his vision begins to blacken.
“I can see that. Why are you packing?” Jess pushes, and Cas pauses, hands hovering over his bag, wary of the possible confrontation this might stir up.
"Well, here’s to not seeing you around. Have a good life Castiel," Gabe says, his easy grin slipping back into his face, and then he's gone, only leaving behind the impressions of his footprints in the grass.
"That's bullshit and you know it- this was just like the werewolf case in San Antonio, and the poltergeist in Bedford and God, I don't know how many before. What happened to dad wasn't your fault, and if you don’t stop treating each hunt like some- punishment for it I- I don't know what I'm going to do," she breaks off, her voice harsh with disappointment.
The first half of the drive back to the motel is oddly tense. Even through his now raging headache, Cas can tell from years of experience that Jess is on the edge of something. This means he's not surprised when she says low and serious-
“Alright, I think we can swing that, Mr. Renegade Angel,” Dean replies breathily, as a smile he won’t be able to shake for hours, slips onto his face.
“Jess would you mind, for a moment?” Cas turns away from him abruptly, and Dean looks up in shock, having half forgotten Jess was even there. She looks between the two of them, something dawning on her as she quickly wipes her face of tears.
The force pressing him into the Lincoln increases as the demon steps closer, her right hand twisting in the air, and all Cas can do is feign calm. The others are out of sight, and there's just her in front of him.
"We were doing good work here, before you and your partner meddled in everything," the ghoul spits, the face of Greggory Carson twisting in a gruesome rage. It levels itself against the wall, watching Cas's blade with unconcealed fear, but neither of them makes a move, waiting for signs of weakness.
Linda Tran was elected within their first month back at the bunker, a near unanimous victory, and Dean couldn’t have been more relieved. Because working side by side with his mother was more rewarding than he’d thought possible.
"A for effort there, Sammy,  but not quite," he says and then turns away to keep up his slow languid pacing.
"We could get out, you know. There's nothing keeping us from just- stopping," Jess says, her voice lower, nearly a whisper now, as she stares ahead at the darkened road. Cas swallows, sinking back into his seat with a frown.
"It's an angelic miracle," Sam spits out venomously, and Azazel stops, looking down curiously at the younger Winchester brother.
“Oh but he did! He did! He set it all up nicely, waited until I was already in the house, choking the life out of your father, and still he waited just to make sure I was distracted. Of course by then I’d already made quite the mess of your mother’s pretty face. The exorcism he recited did save you though,” Lilith says brightly, tapping Cas’s nose with a childish grin, and he stares back at her blankly, unseeing, unfeeling. Jess on the other hand, is gasping for breath as she sways forward into her hands as tears stream down her face.
"Yes! He actually punched him!" Eileen said, barely able to get her words out around her laughter. She was telling Dean about the time an asshole had tried to get her to leave Sam on one of their dates and come with him who promised to "show her a good time". Unsurprisingly, it didn't end well for that guy. At the time, Dean imagined it had been terrifying, but looking back on it, and on how normally calm Sam had started a fight, it was hilarious.
Cas pulled Dean into a tight hug straight away, pressing a kiss against his lips as tension slipped out of both of them now they were together again.
“You're just trying to sweet talk me,” Eileen laughed, gathering all the pastry ends together into a ball.
Dean breathed out in relief, quickly grabbing 'his' cushion, the comfiest one on Cas' couch which Cas always insisted on to protect Dean's knees. It always made Dean feel warm when it was referred to as his. It made him feel like he wasn't just a burden, even when he knew he actually was.
He took off his flannel and his top, along with his socks, but left his jeans on, not wanting to give the wrong impression. He was here because of his biological need, not because of anything else.
He made sure to give them both large slices, and plenty of ice cream, and then he went back into the living room to hand them over. Sam was sitting on the couch, with Eileen pressed against his side, their arms wrapped around each other. Cas had grabbed Dean's kneeling cushion out from under the couch while he was in the other room, and it was placed next to the armchair he was sitting in.
"Thank you sweet boy," Cas said, smiling over at him, a sadness in his words contrasting to the smile. "Now can you please tell me what happened? How did it get this bad without you doing anything about it?"
"I d-didn't want to be a burden." Dean could feel tears start to well up in his eyes, and he knew he had to say it now before he was unable to say anything more. "You went away and while you were there I realized how much of a burden I was on you, so I tried to set you free, but no one else knows what I am, and it just kept on getting worse." He couldn't say anything more, having to put all his effort into breathing and blinking back tears. He'd hidden the fact he was a Sub from pretty much everyone he knew. Not even Sam knew, and Cas only knew because this wasn't the first time he had dragged him off the edge. Cas kept on encouraging Dean to tell someone, but he didn't push. He knew it was a difficult subject for Dean, and that he hid it for a reason.
She smiles at the mention of Jack’s name. “He told us good luck and to keep trying last time I saw him. He said he trusts us not to take advantage of it, if we ever got in.”
“I mean,” she says and points at the screen like Dean knew what he was looking at, “Dude’s older than time. There’s a
He really, really needs to get his brain-to-mouth filter repaired at some point because he keeps saying hurtful shit that makes the corners of Cas’ mouth sink just like this. “I didn’t mean it like that,” he backtracks. “I just—” and that’s all he gets out because he doesn’t know what else to say.
That’s—That’s not at all the answer Dean was hoping for. It almost sounds like— “Doesn’t matter. Answer me.”
The first time he saw Cas was something else entirely. He was pissed at the guy for leaving him like that, for confessing his love in his dying breath, for pretending like Dean was something he “knew he couldn’t have”. Dean was ready to blow his lights out when Bobby mentioned he was here.
Dean can simultaneously feel his heart beat in his throat and sink down to his stomach. He doesn’t know what is happening, the only thing he can focus on is Cas right in front of his holding Dean’s face in his hand. The concern in his eyes is back and one look at his parted lips has Dean leaning back in for more, but before their lips even get to meet a hand is laid flat on Dean’s chest and holds him back.
, despite Dean’s entire body shaking it feels so good to finally get it off his chest. Cas seemed to be right, as always, when he claimed that happiness is in just saying it. “Cas, I fuckin’ love you.”
Despite everything though, Dean settled in easily enough. Being dead, he discovered, doesn’t hurt, and Heaven has proven to be accommodating enough so far. There’s not much that doesn’t materialize the instant he conjures it in his mind. The weather’s always pretty nice and Baby purrs more beautifully than she ever has on Earth. A bunch of his friends are here, and Dean tries his best to enjoy hanging out with them without thinking about
Castiel is halfway through an old novel he found in a dusty book shelf, when he hears something. A ticking, fast and heavy. It‘s pounding and seemingly speeding up every second. Castiel can feel it in the back of his head and after all those sleepless nights, he can easily place what it is: Dean is having a nightmare. Again.
“Jack and Amara... They were able to negotiate with the Empty. They pulled me back out and sent everyone else back to sleep.“
To be completely honest, though, Dean has a hard time believing it. It sounded so good laid out like that, but Dean has never before seen himself as the person Cas was describing. A deadly weapon, a destructive tool that his life has shaped him to be, it’s
“You don’t have to say anything,” Cas whispers because of course he can read Dean like a fucking book. He always could. Mostly.
Dean frowns for a second and seemingly forgets that Castiel didn’t really answer his question. “I‘m fine.“
Predictably, the question catches Dean’s dick’s attention. Cas smirks at Dean’s speechlessness and kisses him gently. Without waiting for an answer, probably because he
Cas moves to sit next to Dean leaning against the headboard, their fingers clasped and their shoulder pressed together. Dean’s mind is running a mile a minute, trying to process all that Cas just shared with him. He didn’t read the whole story Charlie’s computer gave him, skimming it made him feel nauseous enough.
He understands why Cas never told him about it, and he’d understand if Cas told him he didn’t want to acknowledge it if it ever came up. He just needs to know—He needs to know if it’s true, that’s all. Charlie’s laptop has been right about the other things, but this is different.
He can see Cas open his mouth to say something else, but Dean won’t let him. He shuts him up with a kiss, but this time there’s nothing soft or gentle about it. Dean cups Cas’ face in one hand to keep him in place, pull him closer even, and kisses him like the world depended on it.
Cas ends the kiss abruptly, leans back and tilts his head as if he just had the realization of a lifetime. “Wait, did you—did Charlie tell you about my marriage to the djinn queen, too?”
Cas hesitated. “Things have changed. There’s new rules in place. And besides, I...“ He broke eye contact, looked over at the bottle on the table. “I wasn’t sure whether you’d want to see me anyway.“
Their lips move together in perfect sync. Dean can feel Cas’ hand bleed onto his neck but it doesn’t faze either of them because it doesn’t matter, because this moment feels perfect just the way it is. Dean, of course, is still freaking out internally, but he’s got it under control. He just got everything he ever wanted and more, nothing and no one will take this from him.
Dean knows the middle of the night, or maybe early morning, same thing, is a terrible time to be having this conversation. To be fair though, there’s never really gonna be a good time for it. It’s been on Dean’s mind constantly since that day at Charlie’s, more than any of the other things he found out. The other things Dean was able to laugh about in a way, but not this one.
Black oozing tentacles slowly wrap around her. She gives Dean one last glance and then she’s gone, the black spot on the wall closing up quickly. As soon as Dean feels like he can move freely again, he does, barely standing up straight and instantly running over to Cas, falling to his knees in front of him. “Cas, hey,” he whispers, his hands immediately finding both sides of Cas’ face, softly holding onto his head to make him look up at him. “Are you okay?”
Cas. The way he uses way too many emojis when texting. The way he listens to Dean’s music when Dean’s not even sure he really likes it. The way he looks at Dean like he’s the moon and the stars. No more divine boundaries, Cas is human and he’s in love with Dean.
Dean won’t admit that he has no idea what the hell that means. Luckily, Charlie knows him well enough to explain herself unprompted. “You know,” she says, aware that Dean doesn’t know, “It’s basically where your memories are stored, every—I don’t know, feeling or emotion you’ve ever felt. It’s in there.”
Cas grabs Dean’s hand again and pulls him toward the shore (which is sandy and looks like a beach and therefore only pushes Dean’s ocean agenda). He raises it to his face and presses a gentle kiss to the ring on Dean’s finger without breaking eye contact. “You’re the only one I want to be married to, Dean.” He drops their hands back down, but not before carefully linking their fingers together. “You know that, right?”
Something flashes over Cas face, if Dean didn’t know better he’d say it was a moment of anger, like he was mad at Dean for saying it’s okay and for letting attempted murder slide like he just stole Dean’s favorite toy. He doesn’t get to think about it for too long because that expression leaves Cas’ face as quickly as it entered it. “I’m sorry.”
He held his breath when Cas spoke up. “I learned that people tend to keep one-sided feelings for themselves, to not make the other uncomfortable.“
She’s sitting on a stool at the breakfast bar, glasses sunken down to the tip of her nose, glaring at the laptop screen in front of her while resting her head on one hand. There’s sounds coming from the other part of the kitchen and as Dean fully enters the room, he can see Ash digging through the shelves, easily recognizing him by the haircut and the cut off sleeves of his shirt.
For the third time, Dean thought this night couldn’t be more surreal. One moment he was mourning the loss of his best friend, the next said best friend was alive and human. Hell, Cas didn’t even know if Dean would have him, but he still did it, just for the chance of Dean letting him in. Cas, once again, put Dean over everything he had, billions of years of his celestial existence thrown away, just for Dean.
Dean shakes his head. “I do.” But then he stays silent because the words get stuck in his throat. Cas waits patiently for him to say something. “Cas, you-” Dean starts, stammers, then suddenly remembers something. “What did she mean, what’s up with your grace?”
Dean takes a moment to collect himself and eventually agrees that yeah, maybe talking to Cas is usually the right things to do. What is there to be afraid of anyway, Cas saying the memory is fake and Dean stressed out over nothing? Cas saying that it’s real and Dean’s gonna have a mental breakdown over it? He can’t tell, but he knows that whichever it’ll be, he’ll finally have clarity and Cas is going to stay right by his side, no matter what happens.
The cracking of the fire is a pleasant background noise that fills a comfortable silence between them. Cas’ hand is resting on Dean’s thigh, stroking it with his thumb in a calming manner while one of Dean’s hands is resting on top of it. He feels Cas’ burning gaze on him but he knows Cas is gonna ask him uncomfortable questions if he looks back at him.
“I tried,” Cas replies, holding back a laugh himself while pulling off the highway onto a side road. “But when I looked for you in the Bunker I was zapped into the TV.”
“And here we have the reason why,” she says in a slow and sarcastically happy voice. “Dean Winchester. The human who caused our little angel to fall from grace.”
When Cas thought that he’d pretty much said everything he had on his mind, he remembered that he never really answered Dean’s question.
Dean gave a small nod in acknowledgement. He was still trying to wrap his head around it. He‘d spent an awful lot of time praying to Jack, begging for help and cursing his name when he wouldn’t answer him. He was listening after all, he was already working on a plan. Should‘ve just been patient, Dean figured, because of course Jack was going to bring Cas back. He should never have doubted the kid.
“Why not? I ain’t got nothing to hide,” he admits, and it’s even kind of true. He told his conservative mother that he’s in love with a dude and he told said dude that he’s in love with him. He doesn’t have any secrets to spill anymore, and even if he did, what’s anybody gonna do, kill him?
Castiel’s missing need for sleep hasn't really bothered him so far, he likes having a couple hours to himself every day (night?). It can get boring, sure, but he keeps himself busy reading books or catching up on movies that Dean recommends to him. The bunker at night is pretty much exactly the same as it is throughout the day, thanks to the lack of windows and sunlight. It feels different though, more quiet and peaceful with everyone else asleep.
Dean doesn’t notice the tears in his eyes for a while. There’s not even that many, he can blink them away without too much effort, but Cas probably noticed already. Cas always notices. “I’m sorry I brought it up.”
It’s a lot. They’ve had their fair share of fights and arguments over the years, and they’ve definitely given each other more bruises and injuries than any best friends should, but
It was a good call, Dean decides, some days he does lack things to do. You can only rewatch Dr Sexy so many times before mouthing along every line and having a finger flicked against his forehead for it.
Both of them were grinning, couldn’t believe how stupidly oblivious they were. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas‘ neck while he felt the angel‘s arms embrace his torso. He stroked the hair at the back of his neck and took in the smell that he had missed so much. They stayed in silence until Dean remembered another thing Cas had said down in the dungeon all those months ago. “I’ve always been yours to have. You marked me, remember?“
Cas needed Dean to understand that he is not the person he makes himself out to be, that his negative side isn’t what defines him, and maybe Dean is starting to get it. In a way, he really did everything out of love. He loved his brother so much that he went to Hell for him, he loved Jack so much that he defied God for him and he loved Cas so much that…
Without the empty waiting to come and snatch him. Because apparently Cas’ true happiness is Dean, has always been Dean. Apparently Cas didn’t want anything more than telling Dean that he’s not a monster, that he is much more than what his dad raised him to be. That he gives much more love than he realizes, and that he is loved in return.
A moment later, Cas speaks up again, but with clear hesitance in his voice. “I also got married to a djinn queen in Syria.”
Dean’s breath got caught in his throat and he turned his head sideways, the pressure of Cas’ eyes on him making him feel more anxious that Heaven should allow. Cas, however, wouldn’t have it. One of his hands grabbed Dean’s cheek, effectively keeping him in place. It was quite a moment for Dean’s tented pants, the brutally honest question made his dick flag but Cas’ forceful grip on his face made it go back up. He still averted Cas’ eyes when he repeated, “I’m sorry.”
“What? No,” Dean replies a little to fast because if he thinks about it, maybe it bothers him a little. They probably never got divorced so legally (for lack of a better word) speaking, they’re still married. Unless the whole ‘till death do us part’ thing applies, in which case Cas is off the hook. Either way, it doesn’t
Ash is left speechless for another couple minutes while Charlie clicks and scrolls and then types in more gibberish. “Dean, you wanna hear about Ash’s first kiss?”
“She and Ash hacked into the system, or whatever. Heaven. She said it contains every person’s memories of like, everything ever.” He feels a little bad about not being able to be more technical about it, Charlie
“Good to see you too, Cas,” Dean said. Cas only rolled his eyes as he retreated and Dean dropped back to his feet, the situation in his pants only getting worse when he realized that Cas wasn’t just pressing him against the wall but actually
Dean almost scoffs. “I’ve never been more okay in my life.” Cas’ raised eyebrows nearly met his hairline, making it obvious that he doesn’t believe Dean at all. “I’m fine, I’m
Dean’s soft voice brought him back to reality. “You’re-You’re fully human now? No wings, no mojo? You're just like me?” Cas nodded. Dean subconsciously mirrored him. The way he stared at their hands let Cas believe he was replaying everything in his head. “Cas, you… you know that you’re more than just your powers, right?” he said and pointed at the glowing vial, his voice quivering. “I-I can’t believe… angel or not, you’re family. You’re enough. You’ve always been enough.”
There’s a tense silence while Dean’s mind is working at full speed, trying to come up with something to diffuse the situation. Cas is eventually the one to speak up first. “You just said what I needed to hear.”
He’s never had a particularly good feeling about them combining their tech abilities though. One day, Dean’s sure about that, they’re gonna crack all of Heaven’s code and they’re gonna be unstoppable. Hell, they could probably stop being dead and go back to earth if they tried hard enough. For his own sanity, Dean tries not to think about it to much.
to Dean. His eyes fixated on the road and just occasionally glancing over at Dean, one arm resting where he lowered the window and the other in his lap with his hand at the bottom of the wheel. Dean didn’t know whether to mentally punch himself in the face or pat his back for convincing Cas to ditch the coat and just go out wearing a t-shirt because Cas’ biceps and triceps and whatever it’s called had the tent in Dean’s pants building up faster than he even realized.
There’s a sudden shift in Cas’ mood that Dean doesn’t fail to notice. “Dude, don’t worry about it. It’s fine.”
Fighting his inner turmoil, Cas had definitely done a good job of playing his usual role all day. He ate and liked the food that Dean ordered (because he wasn’t going to cook on his own birthday), he was happy to catch up with Claire when she stopped by (just to remind Dean that he was getting old) and he let Eileen teach him how to sign "happy birthday" (even though he might not remember by the time her birthday comes around). It was a good day, despite the sick feeling to his stomach and the throbbing in the back of his head. Somehow he felt tired and wide awake at the same time.
Dean’s heart starts racing at the confirmation that Charlie’s intel gathering was correct. Not that he doesn’t trust her, he just needed to hear it for himself. “Why?”
“Yeah, like—Nevermind, we didn’t really talk.” Dean’s really on top of his game tonight, the blush creeping up on his face only prooves that. Why the fuck would he be talking about Cas with Jimmy Novak of all people? The guy probably hates Cas’ guts for, well, probably everything. Getting him killed, for once. He’d either tear Cas to pieces or turn on his heels to get as far away from him as possible if he ever saw him out in the wild, not ‘say hi’. “I just—I thought he was you, for a second.”
He clears his throat and shrugs it off like nothing happened. He smacks Charlie’s arm softly and frowns at what looks like lines of code on her laptop screen. “What’s that?”
Dean took the box from Cas‘ hands and put it into his lap, hesitantly, before finally flipping open the lid. Inside was a small glass vial, barely as big as his pinky finger, filled with a dimly glowing blue smoke. Attached to it was a small black feather and a thin black leather string, all delicately placed on a tiny pillow.
“Watch your step,” Ash says just in time for Dean to trip over several boxes full of wires, cords, cracked screens and other tech stuff Dean can’t even begin to name. He steadies himself on the closest wall and is glad none of the other two saw him nearly fall over.
It took Dean a moment to catch on, but when he did, his stomach turned. “So, you’re-you’re leaving again?“ Cas opened his mouth to reply but Dean was faster. “You come back down here just to tell me goodbye again?“
you, in case you forgot,” he said through grinded teeth and narrowed eyes, his hand dropping from Dean’s face to his chest, poking him with a single finger. “I wanted you to
they’re here, and then there’s his parents—well, his mom lives down the road, and Bobby is only a short drive away.
What Dean didn’t expect was to not hear Sam‘s voice at all. Instead, he heard the voice that he‘d been wishing to hear again for months, the one that always made him feel better, the one that he hadn’t stopped thinking about since it told him goodbye.
“I…” Cas’ chest rises and falls and he looks past Dean, around the room, as if trying to convince himself that they really are alone. Billie is gone, Meg is gone. No more black goo on the wall just the two of them left in the dungeon. “That was not supposed to happen.”
Both of them look over at Ash, and find him leaning against the fridge with a bottle of beer in his hands. His eyes go wide in fear at the sight of the other two staring at him, and he raises his hands defensively. “Hey, I learned my lesson.”
With one swift flick of her wrist, Cas is thrown across the room, his head hitting the wall with a bump. His body remains still for a moment but when he finally opens his eyes, Dean releases a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Even now, countless kisses and touches later, Dean can barely believe that he finally gets to have this, even if only in death. Post-life, as he sometimes calls it because Cas hates being reminded of the fact that Dean is dead.
Dean smiles down at it, at the ring around his finger that he wouldn’t trade for his life, and its identical counterpart on Cas’ hand. He remembers dragging Charlie to the store to help him choose something Cas would like, explained to her that it couldn’t be anything boring or plain, it had to be perfect because Cas didn’t deserve anything less than that. Charlie just rolled her eyes and told him to go with his gut feeling because he knows Cas better than anyone else and yeah, she was probably right (don’t tell her Dean said that).
Cas pulled back to catch his breath after what seemed like hours, even though it was probably less than a minute. Dean felt his knees go weak at the way Cas smiled at him.
It catches Charlie’s attention, but only barely. She flickers her eyes up at Dean for maybe two seconds and flashes him a quick smile, then goes back to staring down the computer.
Dean leans back in and they kiss until Dean feels dizzy and stupid and his lips are swollen and he can’t tell left from right anymore, he’ll be glad if he can remember his own damn name.
Really, nobody could blame Dean for thinking with his dick, or for completely forgetting about all the rage that had been boiling inside him just seconds before. Cas’ arm square across Dean’s chest to hold him in place didn’t make it better, it just gave Dean some strange sense of déjà vu.
“Yeah, Sammy called and I had to leave at the last minute. Pretty nice timing, now that I think about it.”
“No,” Dean says with not a shadow of doubt. “Not intentionally, at least. I just didn’t know how else to reach you.” Dean bites his lip while hesitating about whether or not he should say anything more before he decides fuck it, Cas is already baring his heart to him so Dean owes it to him to do the same. “I was gonna say something else, actually. But I didn’t know—I was just coming to terms with the fact that—well, that I might love you more than a friend.”
“Oh, man,” Ash sighs in defeat, both a smile and an unmistakable blush a smile involuntarily creeping on his face and letting Dean know he’s not truly mad at Charlie.
There’s a long silence. Cas fidgets with the blanket covering them in one hand while both of Dean’s are shakingly holding onto Cas’ body. After what feels like eternity, Cas nods. “Yes.”
“Good to see you, Castiel,” she says, her voice reproachful but also kind of indifferent. “Although I did not quite expect it to go this way.”
Dean is a dumbass who should’ve known that Cas would ask questions anyway. He doesn’t even know where or
Dean anything since it was already there. The sight of the tiny smile on Dean’s face calmed his nerves a tiny bit.
He looks up at Cas, a sad smile on his face, looking down at Dean like — like it’s the last time. Dean’s stomach turns. The black goo forming on the wall on his right extends a tentacle-like arm towards the door, across the whole room, past Cas and right at Billie, fully engulfing her in itself. Then it starts to rematerialize and takes up another human-like shape and if Dean didn’t know better he’d say it looks like… Meg? Demon Meg?
Dean had never sobered up so fast. He stopped breathing and he was pretty sure his heart stopped beating, too, at least for a moment. A thousand thoughts ran through his head while at the same time, his mind went blank. He jumped up from the armchair, his glass held tightly in his hand, and turned around to make sure nobody was playing tricks on him.
Ash’s jaw drops and he immediately goes to look at the computer screen, and despite the fact that Dean still has no idea what exactly is happening, he follows. The screen still shows the same incomprehensible lines of numbers and letters as before, and Dean wishes he knew what the fuck he’s looking at.
“I told her no,” Cas adds quickly and it’s the first time he meets Dean’s eyes in a while. “I said no, I said I wouldn’t hurt you, but—but then I did it anyway.”
Castiel doesn’t know what nightmares are like, he doesn’t need to sleep and whenever he does doze off, he doesn’t dream. All he can see is the pain they inflict upon Dean all those nights, but of course Dean rarely talks about it. Castiel can’t take away the emotional baggage Dean carries with him all the time, but he can spare him from the nightmares at least, Dean just has to let him.
The second thing was that maybe Dean was a dumbass, too. He’d thought Cas didn’t love him back either. To his defense, he didn’t even think Cas could love him back. He’d never thought a celestial being could catch human feelings, much less for him. He’d thought all those years everyone had been making fun of their relationship because they knew it was a lost cause, like they knew Cas could never love Dean back.
Cas only hums in agreement, or maybe he’s lost in thought because he remains quiet for a good minute. “You remember when I temporarily lost my memory ended up married to Daphne Allen?”
On the evening of Dean's forty-second birthday, Cas was sitting on the edge of Dean's bed, fidgeting with a small wooden box in his hands, his knees impatiently bobbing up and down. He couldn’t sit still if he wanted to and the bouncing of his legs felt weirdly calming. Cas didn’t know why he‘d been so nervous all day. He felt confident enough about Dean’s birthday gift when he first came up with it.
In that moment, Dean realized two things. The first thing was that Cas was a dumbass. He thought Dean didn’t love him back? How could he think Dean didn’t love him with all his heart the way he’d never loved anyone before? It might have taken him a full decade to come to terms with it, but Dean knew it was real. And even it wasn’t, which is a big fucking if, how could he think Dean didn’t still want him around? Cas was his best friend, his family. He’d always want him around, nothing was ever going to change that.
Cas had secretly wondered whether Dean would recognize what he was holding right away, and the way any emotion had quickly left Dean‘s face did neither to confirm or refute it. Dean stayed still as a statue, only stared at the contents of the box and possibly stopped breathing. In that moment, Cas wished he still had his inner compass to help him read Dean’s emotions, but he didn’t because Dean held it in his hands.
Dean rolls his eyes again and puts his head back down where it was resting on Cas’ chest. They’ve had that argument enough times for Dean to know not to bother with it. Jesus, he might finally understand all those cheesy romcom couples he used to make fun of.
Dean’s hands retreat when Cas moves to sit up against the wall, hand clutching onto the back of his head, eyes finding Dean’s again. Still wet and tear tracks across both of their cheeks. Dean can still feel himself shaking, his heart beating out of its chest.
Cas eventually manages to flee to the other side of the room, breathing heavily and holding his hands out in front of him to fight back if needed. “Stop,” he says, fully out of breath but with a smile on his face, “Don’t touch me.”
My grace, you see,... It’s been fading for a while now. At first I didn’t understand why it was happening, but then I realized that it was because of you. I wasn’t supposed to-to feel things, it was you who taught me to do that, but you know that already. Loving you has made me human, Dean, quite literally, and before you say anything, that is not a bad thing.”
“Naomi, she—she made sure to prepare me for every possible scenario. She knew that if I had to choose between the tablet and you…” Cas trails off and the end of the sentence goes unsaid.
It’s out there and Dean simultaneously feels like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders and like he’s going to pass out any second. He closes his eyes, tries to hold his ground, focuses on squeezing Cas’ hand, or maybe Cas is squeezing his, he can’t really tell, and —
Cas smiles and kisses the tip of Dean’s nose, which is another one of those sweet things Cas just does that make Dean feel like he’s on fire. Dean’s on his best way to getting lose in those blue eyes again, baby blue or ocean blue or whatever you wanna call it, it’s all of those things. “I love you more.”
He wasn’t sure which one he‘d prefer. Having Sam sit with him did feel reassuring sometimes. Even though Cas was gone, his brother was still there. It wasn’t the same thing, of course, but it did make Dean feel a little less alone.
Instead, Castiel stays silent and wonders when exactly he started to know Dean better than himself and read him like an open book. He stares at his hands in his lap and hears Dean take a deep breath when he finally finds his voice. “I‘m sorry.“
Dean inhaled sharply. He tried so very hard to be normal about it, and maybe he could’ve played the part if Cas had played fair, but he didn’t. There was no warning when barely five seconds later, Cas replaced his hand right on Dean’s crotch, and Dean let out along, needy moan while bucking up his hips.
“Can confirm.” Charlie punches in a few more magic words and lets out a high-pitched gasp, definitely a sound Dean’s never heard her make. Ash raises an eyebrow and moves to suspiciously look at the screen over Charlie’s shoulder. “Ash, how come you never told us about the time you—”
Castiel doesn’t believe it, not for one second, but nods anyway. He knows Dean will pretend that nothing happened but Castiel decides to push it. “Do you want to talk about it?“
Dean knows without a doubt that he would die for Cas in a heartbeat, no hesitation, no questions asked, although that’s not exactly news to anyone. But he won’t let Cas give his life for anyone else’s, especially Dean’s, ever again. No more deals, no more sacrifices. Cas deserves to be happy, unconditionally and genuinely happy without —
Dean tried to contact Jack more times than he could count. The kid was the new God after all, if anyone could do it, he could and Dean was sure he would. Cas meant so much to Jack, Dean found it hard to believe that he wouldn’t even try to save him.
Dean can’t answer, he just throws his arms around Cas’ shoulders and pulls him into a tight hug. He needs this, he needs Cas close to him after he just nearly lost him again, even if he might be crushing him. He needs proof that Cas is still here with him. Cas’ arms hesitantly find their way around Dean’s waist, holding him with not as much force as Dean is holding him but Dean will take anything. He swears he can feel Cas bury his face in the crook of Dean’s neck.
Everyone—Ellen and Jo, Kevin, Pamela, even Kelly—welcomed him with open arms. Said that they’d do it again, that they didn’t want to see Dean’s face for at least another forty years, and then they put their arms around him and told him they were still happy to see him again.
Well. What an answer. Dean wants to show her just how ‘traumatized’ he is, but figures it might be for the best to just drop it. Charlie means well, even if she doesn’t know what the hell she’s talking about. Whatever. He needs to deflect. “How about Cas?”
“Amara thought that, in order to establish a true free will, divine beings have to stop getting involved in human matters. Angels can no longer walk the earth as they wish,“ Cas explained. “Jack agreed, and so did I.“
When Dean first arrived in Heaven, he felt an uncomfortable abundance of different feelings and emotions wanting to be processed. He was angry and frustrated as well as relieved and confused, probably more, all at once, although he wasn’t even sure he identified all that correctly. He couldn’t even say shit like “It wasn’t fair” because whoever said life wasn’t fair wasn’t wrong.
They get out of the car at the same time, Dean sighing in relief and victory because he managed to make it through a full car ride with Cas in the driver’s seat without sporting a boner. Because apparently, that’s the kind of accomplishment he gets excited about these days.
Dean put his hands on Cas‘ cheeks, holding his face in his hands and pulling him close while Cas‘ hands cautiously found Dean‘s waist. Cas was kissing him back just as fiercely as Dean hoped he would. Their lips moved in perfect sync like they were made for one another. It felt so right that Dean wished he had done this a long time ago.
“Dean,” Charlie sighs, drawing her eyebrows together. “You are the single most traumatized man I know. Anything I find in there is just gonna make me sad.”
“That’s right,” Ash confirms. “And besides, Charlie just started trying like, last week, so.” Ash finally turns towards them, his hand in a bag of chips. “It wasn’t hard back then, but things have changed since Jack took over.”
Dean suddenly speaks up and rips Castiel from his thoughts. “I just get these dreams.“ He stares straight ahead and doesn’t notice the way Castiel looks at him to show that he‘s listening. “I know they’re not real, but- It fucks me up. Every night.“
Dean nods. He’ll definitely blame himself but he doesn’t bother arguing any more, he knows Cas well enough that it would lead them nowhere. He just has to take Cas’ word sometimes. He remembers that Cas is still here. Despite everything, Cas is still right here holding Dean’s hand.
Cas’ reaction is hard to read. He swallows visibly but keeps his eyes on Dean’s. “I remember,” he replies, clearly wary of what’s about to come, but without instantly demanding an explanation which Dean is grateful for.
With his eyes fixated on the little box held tightly in his hands, Cas tried to wipe all doubts about this from his mind and collected himself, turning his body toward Dean and finally meeting his eyes again.
“This has been going on for a while,” Cas states and Dean doesn’t tell him he’s wrong. It’s not an accusation because it’s true and they both know it. Cas must’ve been putting up with Dean’s shit for a while without saying anything, just waited for Dean to talk about it but he never did. “Please.”
“I love you,” Dean says again and he means it like he’s never meant anything else in his life. “I love you, I love you so much.” And
“Dean,” he breathed before Dean had the chance to ask any more questions. He could taste Dean on his lips and that was a feeling he would never get used to. The fact that he could just do that, that it was allowed now, that Dean was all his and he could kiss him all he wanted, it was liberating. It was reassuring. Cas avoided Dean’s gaze and quickly looked away. He had to say something.
Sam arrived back at the bunker at 3am that night. Dean didn’t bother to turn around, only heard the front door open and close again, followed by a pair of footsteps slowly walking down the stairs. He really wasn’t in a mood to explain himself to Sam, why he was sitting in the library by himself, again, instead of trying to get some rest. Sam would give him yet another speech about how he was destroying himself and then Dean would tell him to shut up.
Cas gave the tiniest smile, but it was enough to make Dean black out for a split second. He felt the glass slip from his fingers, heard it hit the floor and shatter in a million pieces. It was like a snap back to reality, and Dean was suddenly very sure that this wasn’t a dream. He didn’t even look at the broken glass on the floor, his eyes kept staring at Cas‘ while Cas‘ were staring back at his own.
until Cas stops worrying about it. Dean feels like Cas has been worrying about this one for some time, so while he feels bad about lying to Cas about meeting Jimmy, he’s glad they could clear things up.
Cas looked different from the last time Dean had seen him. His tie was a little crooked and off. His trench coat had some dirty spots that were barely noticeable to anyone but Dean. His hair was messy and tangled, very unlike his usual combed and neat style. He looked like he hadn’t slept in days, which was a little off-putting considering that someone who doesn’t need to sleep can’t really look tired. The angel‘s pale, expressionless face was the last indication Dean needed to know that something was off. He couldn’t pinpoint it, but his best guess was that this was just another bad dream, even if it felt more real than ever.
Somehow, they managed to find their way to the backseat with most of their clothes lost in the front. Dean was delighted to find Cas’ cock just as hard as his own and all the embarrassment from before went out the window (along with Dean’s pants that Cas threw out with a wink).
Dean’s hand slides down Cas’ arm and finally lands in his lap to wrap around Cas’ hand. He feels Cas’ pulse against his finger and something clicks inside him when he thinks about what that means. Cas really
Castiel smiles and turns off the lights. He carefully lays his hand on top of Dean‘s, softly wrapping his fingers around his sweaty palm. He lets his fading grace work its magic and makes sure to protect Dean from any more haunting dreams for the rest of the night.
“Did you,” Dean stammers because if he falls silent again he might never get it out. “Did Naomi make you kill fake versions of me before? So you wouldn’t hesitate for the real thing?”
Cas pitched the idea of going for a drive to the lake and Dean surprised both of them when he suggested that Cas should drive. There was no good reason for not letting him do it, right? What’s the worst thing that could happen, they swerve and hit a tree? They’d just get respawned back at home like this was a video game, and the totaled car would be good as new waiting for them in the driveway (according to Cas, Dean has yet to try it out himself).
“You told me plenty, Dean,” Cas argues, and when Dean raises his eye brows so far they nearly meet his hairline, he explains. “You made me that mixtape. You took care of me after I was hit by Rowena’s spell.” He takes a breath and hesitates before making his last point, his voice dropping down to just above a whisper. “You refused to leave Purgatory without me.”
Again, Dean couldn’t believe this moment was real. He didn’t know what he’d do if he woke up in his bed right now with Cas nowhere to be found. He’d go crazy. All he could do is hope and pray that this was real and that it was permanent. It was only when he finally held Cas in his arms that he realized that he missed him so much more than he thought.
Neither of them really sees it coming when Dean goes for it. He barely remembers to close his eyes before his mouth meet Cas’ and really, Dean has been dreaming of doing this for
Dean really isn’t prepared to be having this conversation tonight. Frankly, he’s never given it much thought because the truth is, he really doesn’t care, and he tells Cas as much. “No, it doesn’t. I don’t care that you look like him.”
And then Cas kissed him. There were no fireworks, no parade, just Cas’ lips meeting Dean’s, strangely dry considering Dean’s habit of licking his lips, but whatever. It was good, really good, and when Cas’ body pressed against Dean’s he absolutely couldn’t hold back the loud, deep moan that escaped from his throat. The friction against his crotch was incredible, and it took all his willpower to not stain his boxers right then and there.
For once, the blood in Dean’s body doesn’t go straight down to his dick because he’s reasonably sure it’s all collecting in his cheeks right now. He feels dizzy and giddy and love drunk and all those things he can’t be arsed to identify right now.
He noticed the way Dean looked down to Cas' neck, the very spot where his grace used to be stored. The removal wasn't any less painful than he had anticipated, but he knew it was the right choice and the outcome would be worth it. He felt his stomach drop a little when Dean’s watery eyes found his again and it reminded him so much of that fateful night down in the dungeon. He knew Dean was thinking the same thing. Cas gently grabbed his hand and held it tightly to assure him that he wasn’t leaving, not this time.
The blinds aren’t shut all the way and there’s a few rays of sun illuminating the room. Dean’s not sure if it’s the linear approximation of time passing or if his subconscious wished for it to be morning soon. Either way, he assumes it can’t be past six in the morning which, nothing’s changed about that, Heaven or not, is an absolutely ungodly hour to be awake.
They stayed like that for a while, holding each other tight and safe. Cas was the one to pull away first and the look on his face made Dean frown. “There’s something you need to know,“ was all Dean heard before he started painting out all worst-case scenarios. The deal with the empty had a catch after all, Cas was dying, Jack was dying, maybe even Sam-
“Okay, fine. You win.” Ash eventually admits defeat, but Dean can see he’s still pretty amused by the whole thing. Dean, however, is still a little perplexed about it all. “I bow to you, Master Charlie.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” Dean admits and immediately knows it was the wrong thing to say. He can practically see the alarm bells in Cas’ head going off because his head perks up and suddenly he looks wide awake.
Cas is biting his lip, and it’s not the seductive kind. It’s a strange nervous behavior he’s picked up at some point, along with fiddling with his fingers in his lap and clenching his jaw. Dean lets him though, not like it’s gonna give him a headache later.
He leans in and kisses Cas slowly, desperately trying not to ruin the moment. “I know,” he confirms, and it’s true. If there’s anything he’s sure of, it’s this.
Dean was perplexed. “You‘re what?“ he asked, rhetorically but also seriously, as he was definitely not sure if he heard that right.
Moral of the story is that Dean should know better than to let Cas drive his car, but oh well. It’s sometime in the late afternoon, less than a week after the night at the campfire, when Cas suggests another drive. Dean can’t help when the memory of that first time instantly enters his mind. “Sure, sweetheart,” he mumbles, presses a kiss to Cas’ nose and heads out first.
He misses Sam more with every passing day, but Dean takes comfort in the fact that he’s not here. It’s a good thing, he tells himself, it means Sam’s still kicking. Cas says he’s not supposed to talk about it, but he lets some things about Sam’s life on earth slip every now and then, and Dean paints his own picture of it.
“Let him go,” Dean snarls without acknowledging her words, trying to ignore the aching pain in his chest that he’s not sure is real or just being inflicted on him telepathically by Meg. The Empty. Whatever.
“Yes, that sounds more like it,” Cas agrees and they look at each other for a short moment before Dean’s eyes momentarily fall shut. “Are you still tired?”
It was hot and steamy and the backseat definitely wasn’t made for two grown men to get down and dirty, but whatever. It sufficed, and John Winchester would surely be turning in his grave if he saw Dean trying to get his husband’s cum stains out of the leather seats of the Impala later that day. Dean made a mental note to give Rowena a call so she could personally deliver the news to him.
He can feel Cas lean back into him and lay his hands on top of Dean’s. “Hello, Dean,” he says, exactly like Dean knew he would because that’s just his line. Dean will give him all the embarrassing pet names in the world, he’ll call him baby and sweetheart and honey in front of God (hah!) and everyone, but to Cas he’ll always just be Dean. Something about the name being holy to Cas, something divine and pure, how no nickname could ever do justice to the bliss Cas feels every time the name rolls off his tongue.
“Remember what?” Cas prompts and that sweet tone in his voice easily convinces Dean that he can’t and won’t do this tonight.
Speaking of, Cas starts stirring in Dean’s arms the second his name crosses Dean’s mind. He hums sleepily and nuzzles his face into the crook of Dean’s neck, one arm slung across Dean’s chest and the other lost somewhere between their bodies. Dean lazily plays with Cas’ hair in a way that he knows won’t wake him up, the other hand stroking up and down Cas’ side (carefully though because he knows how ticklish Cas is).
God, he was so stupid. There has never been a moment where he couldn’t have Cas, he was just too blind to see it. But Cas knew, or at least had a feeling, and it’s just starting to make sense to Dean. Cas knew he couldn’t have Dean, not because Dean didn’t love him, but because Dean didn’t let himself love him.
“Dean,“ Cas whispered and reached out to Dean’s hand, effectively wrapping Dean’s fingers around the vial.
“I was aware of what was happening—of what I was doing,” he starts, his gaze lost somewhere on the bed, probably the messy sheets, avoiding Dean’s eyes at all cost. “But I couldn’t stop it. I think—I think I didn’t even want to stop it. I couldn’t tell right from wrong anymore.”
They stay out there for a while after everyone’s left, said they’d just finish their drinks but that was several drinks ago. Still, they’re only as drunk as they wish to be (Heaven’s rules and all that), which is not a lot. Cas is a little tipsy, Dean feels mostly sober.
Holding Cas tight in his arms is usually the most comfortable he gets, and it helps him fall asleep faster than he can count two sheep, but not tonight. Cas shifts again, then stretches his legs and finally raises his head to look up at Dean with heavy eyelids.
Cas smiles at that comment and it’s the first real smile Dean’s seen him make all night. Or morning, the sun’s rising fast and the bedroom has come a long way from the darkness Dean woke up in. “So you looked through all my memories?”
Dean raises one eye brow. Ash covers his face with one hand and runs the other through his hair. Looking back and forth between him and Charlie, Dean eventually replies, “Not particularly.”
And he really does. Fully bends over not just his head but his whole upper body as if he just met the Queen of England. Who, by the way, is probably around here somewhere. Jesus, all those famous dead people can’t be that far away. He silently laughs at his own internal monologue because yeah, that includes
Dean keeps a straight face for about ten seconds before he bursts out laughing. He had trouble believing it when Charlie told him about that particular memory, said there was no way Dean didn’t know about something like that, but apparently he was wrong because Cas just confirmed what Dean knew before. “How come you never mentioned that?”
Cas had never felt more at home than he did in this moment. “I love you,” Dean whispered into the crook of Cas’ neck. “So much.”
Right now, Dean’s trying to push the memory of that night back down because he really doesn’t need a boner every time Cas says his name. Cas’ body is warm, his sweater soft and cozy. “Hey, sweetheart,” Dean replies, his heart about to explode at the overwhelming affection for the guy. He kisses along Cas’ neck, starting at the back, softly biting his earlobe, and moving over the stubble on his chin until Cas turns his head and their lips meet in the middle.
Dean was having a good day. Even in Heaven, that’s not always a given, but he was feeling good. The sun was out but it was just cloudy enough not to be blinding, there was a comfortable breeze going and there was a smell of rain in the air. Cas had also fucked Dean’s brains out in the morning, which Dean thinks might have also played a minor role in his good mood.
“She trained me,” he continues with a slight tremble in his bottom lip, “to become ruthless, and quick, and—and she made me do the one thing I could never bring myself to do, and I—I did it. I followed every order.” His voice goes dangerously quiet after that and he looks at his hands resting on his thighs. “I must’ve killed you hundreds of times. A thousand, maybe.”
Dean still remembers the first time he died. Died for real that is, arguing with a reaper about it doesn’t count, and dying a hundred deaths at the hand of an archangel in disguise without remembering it doesn’t count either. Hell though, that is something he’s not going to forget anytime soon, or ever. The nightmares followed him right until the day he kicked the bucket. Now he sleeps like a baby, doesn’t remember any of his dreams when he wakes up so he’s not sure he dreams at all. He regrets having rejected all of Cas’ offers to watch over him at night back on earth now.
. But Dean won’t be caught dead (he really needs to stop with these idioms) refusing Cas his comfort movie if it makes him happy.
It was just then that Cas could actually notice the way Dean was squeezing his hand, clinging to him in a vulnerable way Cas rarely sees in Dean.
Not being able to sleep is one thing, but not being able to sleep in Heaven of all places is another. There’s no such thing as lying awake because it just doesn’t work like it does on earth. You want to sleep and the next moment you are asleep, easy as that. It’s black and white, so Dean pretending to lie awake in the gray area in between is a little suspicious.
“I was past saving, Cas,” Dean said, and it was true. He knew he was doomed the second he felt the rebar drill through his spine and pierce his lungs. He physically shivered at the memory and before Cas could argue about it, he added, “And besides, you killed yourself first so what are you mad at me for?”
they’d done something to Cas because he seemed like a whole new person every time they crossed paths. He came to Dean in a dream, told him they needed to talk but when they did, Cas was—he was essentially set back to factory settings. And that wasn’t the only time it happened.
, just because he wanted to get it off his chest, because he wanted Dean to know. For a brief moment, he wished he hadn’t said anything, he should’ve just kept it to himself, his grace would’ve run out by itself anyway, he-
This time, though, he fully expected Sam to scoff and go to his room, maybe make a snarky remark on his way out. It was the middle of the night after all, and surely Sam wasn’t in the mood to pick a fight either.
Leaning his head back and closing his eyes, Dean felt the car come to a stop. The engine was suddenly quiet, but when Dean opened his eyes back up to check what was going on, Cas was all over him already.
because Dean knows better than to push himself into another Did-you-meet-Jimmy-somewhere situation. What would he even say this time, ‘I ran into the djinn queen at the bakery, she sends her regards’? Not likely. He thinks he did just fine this time.
He’s still angry, and he’s pretty sure he’ll always have a thin layer of rage beneath his skin. It’s just one of those Dean Winchester things that even Heaven itself can’t fix, but he thinks he’s managing. Anger is not gonna bring him back to life, and he can’t be bitter about dying for the rest of his—well, whatever.
Cas shakes his head. “Don’t be. I wasn’t going to keep it secret from you, I just didn’t think of mentioning it.”
Dean remembers just a few minutes before when he so desperately wanted to kiss Cas but couldn’t bring himself to do it, and it feels like a distant memory now. He is overtaken by an overwhelming rush of confidence and courage and thinks
the answer, Cas steps back and points at the oven. “I think the lasagna is ready, will you set the table?”
It wasn’t even that far fetched. People around him were always at risk, always died because of something he did. He should have known from the beginning not to get involved with Cas.
Dean feels lost, but that’s usually the vibe of being around Charlie and Ash. Their friendship is bizarre, but it Dean isn’t one to question it. He’s glad they met, he only wishes it could’ve happened in real life.
Cas was nervously looking around the room again when Dean didn’t say anything. “I hope this doesn’t ch-“ was all he managed to say before he was cut off by Dean‘s lips on his.
“You should get some rest,” Cas advises and starts pulling the blanket back up. Dean flinches for a second thinking Cas is going to get out of bed without him, but then he spreads the blanket over them both and opens his arms for Dean. “C’mere, I’m not going anywhere.”
Sure, Dean might have spent more than the past half year desperately wishing for and dreaming about this moment, but he never actually thought about what would happen afterwards. He just needed his best friend to be alive, that’s all he could think about.
. Cas’ lips are warm and chapped and Dean can feel Cas’ wet cheeks against his own and when Cas finally presses back, Dean releases a breath he’s subconsciously been holding.
Problem is, Dean rarely sleeps in peace. It’s not unusual for him to wake up in the middle of the night, heart racing and beating like a drum against his chest and consequently, Castiel’s ears.
Dean tries to take a deep shuddering breath that doesn’t help him calm down at all. He pulls back but one hand holds on to Cas’ shoulder because he can’t fully let go of him quite yet, and they just look into each other’s eyes like the world depended on it.
Dean really should’ve thought this through. He’s just not sure how Cas would react if he knew Dean was secretly going through his memories. It’s a massive breach of privacy, that’s for sure, it’s why he made Charlie look for interesting or funny things only. He knows that there’s nothing Cas is actively trying to hide from him, so there’s no need to go looking for it. And besides, Cas probably just handed him the best excuse he’s gonna get, so Dean jumps at it. “Yeah. Yup, totally did. He, uh, says hi.”
The glare on Charlie’s face persists, but she cracks her knuckles and pulls up the search bar. Dean doesn’t know what exactly she’s doing but it takes much longer than it did before, and he grows impatient. “He’s in here, but it’s a lot,” Charlie eventually informs him.
s there. It was a lot. All he knows for sure is that it started with Cas wrapping his pretty lips around Dean’s cock and taking him all the way in until the tip was down his throat, and that it ended with Cas pushing him down on the kitchen table and fucking him six ways to Sunday before he coming deep inside his ass.
He figured he had already put himself out there and made himself vulnerable, so he might as well voice the last thing he needed to get off his chest. “Cas,“ Dean said quietly, “I love you so much, man. How could you not see that?“
“There‘s no catch. It all worked out and-and we won’t ever see the Emtpy again,“ Cas explained like he knew exactly what Dean was thinking. He could read Dean like an open book, for the most part.
What sparked the explanation in the first place, you ask? Well, Dean was straddling Cas’ hips, bouncing on his cock like there was no tomorrow and moaning a variety of pet names like prayer while Cas said nothing but Dean’s name in various pitches, over and over. Of course, he then made the risky decision to ask Cas why he never used any nicknames for him, so naturally, Cas went ahead and dropped the bomb like it was nothing.
Cas glared at him. “Of course I do.” He turned the keys and started the engine before Dean could tease him about it any more. The gravelly driveway didn’t pose a problem and so they started their little road trip.
It makes Dean laugh even harder because it sounds straight up nuts if you think about it. However, if there’s any good excuse for failing to mention a literal marriage, being stranded in Scooby world is probably the one. “So,” Dean tries to say, then catches his breath and calms down before trying again, “So you’re the djinn king then?”
Dean takes a moment to find the right words. “I don’t know. One moment I thought shit, he’s gonna kill me and he’s never gonna know that I—you know,” he explains, assuming Cas knows whatever there is to know that Dean can’t say. Some times the word slips off his tongue more easily than others. “But then—I don’t know what happened, but it didn’t feel right to say it. Not like that, I mean, bloody on the floor of that damn crypt.”
“Then what is it?“ Dean‘s voice wasn’t angry, even though he was furious on the inside. He needed to know what was going on or he was going to lose his mind.
The moment the thought entered his head, he immediately felt ashamed. Cas was without a doubt the greatest thing that ever happened to Dean. Despite everything, he was so grateful to have met the angel. How could he just forget him like that? How could he even think about moving on when Cas gave everything for him?
Cas had been dreading this question like none other even though he knew it would come. There were so many reasons and so many things he needed to get off his chest, but he didn't want to overwhelm Dean, again. He took a deep breath.
It takes Charlie about three more hours (at least what feels like two hours because again, time isn’t real) before she tells both Ash and Dean to shut up when they weren’t even talking. Ten seconds later, the computer beeps and Charlie jumps out of her seat, the world’s biggest grin on her face. “I
Eight whole months had passed when Dean thought that maybe, just maybe, he might have to move on at some point. He‘d lost people he loved before. While that didn’t mean that it‘d hurt any less this time around, Dean knew he would eventually be able to deal with it. He‘d get over it. He‘d have to stop blaming himself one day because, as always, he felt responsible for someone else dying.
Castiel, once again, doesn’t know what to say, and neither does Dean, so they remain in comfortable silence for a while. Castiel wonders what Dean dreamed about, what kinds of things haunt him every night. He thinks about the fact that Dean sleeps not in the center but on the side of the bed. He takes in Dean‘s heartbeat, now at a healthy rhythm, his steady breathing, the way his soul seems to slowly regain its usual glow. He doesn’t realize that Dean has fallen asleep until his head falls on Castiel‘s shoulder.
Right now, Dean definitely doesn’t have the mental capacity to think about what the fuck that means without going crazy. Cas frowns and slightly shakes his head in disbelief.
Cas is warm and Dean feels like this is exactly where they should be, together, always. Dean breathes in Cas’ scent, the faint smell of the impala, and he feels right at home.
However, no matter how very clear it seems in Castiel‘s mind and how badly he wants to stay, he has been wrong about situations like this before. There have been several times when Dean has told him off although Castiel could sense a definite kind of… longing, he figured. He often feels like Dean is longing for him, but he concluded that it might just be wishful thinking, since Dean's actions never really confirm Castiel's thoughts.
The road ends at a secret lake they discovered a while ago. It’s not small by any means, it stretches out as far as the eye can see and sometimes Dean will refer to is as the ocean just to tease Cas and listen to him explain the difference between a lake and an ocean again.
Dean’s stomach turns at Cas’ words, his slumped posture and the way he doesn’t even try to justify his actions. “Cas, you were being—”
Cas freezes. His eyes go wide and Dean swears he can feel him twitch. He looks away, towards the open window where more and more sun starts to shine through. He swallows again and takes a deep breath before facing Dean again. “How do you know that?”
Unfortunately, Cas doesn’t believe him that easily. It takes a few more reassurances, some kisses and inappropriate touches, and one
One feeling Dean didn’t expect to experience was embarrassment, but here he is. Get raised from Hell, stop a biblical apocalypse—twice, at the very least—fight not only the Devil but God himself, only to be taken out by a couple vampires wearing clown masks. He deserves every single joke Charlie and Kevin make about it. Hell, he can feel himself slowly reaching the point where he might joke about it himself. He’s not there yet, but he’s one his way.
Castiel thinks. The way Dean‘s words contradict Castiel‘s perception of his state of mind and soul. He can read neither thoughts nor feelings, obviously, but Castiel does pick up on both of those things if he‘s involved in any way. It’s similar to praying, just more implicit and usually subconscious. He’s never had a particularly hard time receiving these kinds of blurry prayers from Dean, given the strong connection the two of them share.
, they just beat death and he just told Cas that he loves him, and Cas loves him too, so again, what the fuck is he so scared of?
When he pulls back he’s pleased to see that his plan worked. Cas’ eyes flutter open and he seems to have forgotten all about what he was going to say before. He blinks at Dean in surprise and Dean can feel his whole body heating up with love, affection and yearning for this guy. “I love you,” he says like it’s become second nature.
Maybe it was the alcohol that gave Dean so much confidence. Maybe it was the fact that he already knew that Cas loved him, so Dean didn’t expect to be rejected. Either way, he knew he had to say something, had to do something, and took a few small steps forward, closing the distance between them to less than an armlength.
Dean decides this is starting to cross the line of getting too sappy for his liking (although that line has been moved so far from where it used to be, you wouldn’t believe). He slowly retracts his hands from where they’re caressing Cas’ stomach and pokes him in the sides right under his armpits, instantly making him jump.
Dean doesn’t have to rack his brain for the detailed memory because that sure as hell was a day he couldn’t forget if he tried. He remembers all that happened and what he said, he just never knew his words had a real effect. “And I meant it.”
Dean definitely feels a lot of ways about calling Cas a coward and literally asking him to just do it, to kill him if he wanted to have the tablet that badly. His throat feels tight when he says, “I guess Naomi didn’t prepare for that.”
Cas looks at the sky for a second, as if trying to remember what Dean is talking about before he eventually nods. “Yes, I did.”
Dean reflexively looks away even though it’ll only make things worse. Cas gently turns Dean’s face back towards him with one finger on his chin. “Talk to me.”
Maybe Dean just thought he had to be the one to do it. Cas had given everything for him, the least he could do is save him from death like Cas had saved him all those years ago. Dean forced himself to stop overthinking it, he’d take any way to bring the angel back. He tried to swallow down the lump in his throat. “How long have you been back?“
“Wait,” Dean cuts in quickly because he has the terrible feeling that there might be a cosmic misunderstanding. “We didn’t need you because you were useful, Cas. We needed you ‘cause you were family.” He lifts Cas’ head with one finger hooked under his chin, forcing him to meet his eyes. “And I said that
He doesn’t find a way to mention any of the newly revealed information Charlie shared with him until a couple days later. Cas might be absurdly good at nonchalantly dropping bombs like that, but Dean isn’t. He’ll bite his tongue until it’s bloody before speaking up without overthinking it first.
Cas breaks eye contact in favor of staring at the bloody hand print he left on Dean’s jacket. “It’s gone.”
Dean’s memory of what went down after that is a little blurry. Tangled limbs, clothes falling to the floor, moans and gasps that came from both of them in equal measure. Some
Sleep is a strange thing. On Earth, as a living human being, it’s a necessity. Your body needs to lie down and rest and just be unconscious for a few hours to function. It’s not an option, and even if it’s possible to run on only a few hours (Dean would know), you can’t avoid it completely.
It seems to do the trick because Cas stops asking questions about their conversation that totally definitely happened. “Oh,” he says instead, quietly, with a slightly devastated look on his face. “I feared something like that might happen.”
Although, to be completely honest—Dean would do anything for that guy. There’s genuinely not a single thing in the world he wouldn’t do for him. He just wishes he’d had that chance on Earth, but it is what it is. He’s got Cas now and that’s all that matters.
Dean sighs, finally breaking eye contact. “It’s just–I couldn’t get my head out of my ass and you just accepted that.” Cas’ face relaxed, silently encouraging Dean to continue. “All those years, you knew, and you–you just let me treat you like… It wasn’t fair.”
“Yeah, you beat me up good,” Dean says like an idiot because making jokes in inappropriate situations is and has always been part of his natural defense mechanism. Of course, it’s the absolute worst thing to say and Cas flinches.
He sighs and wishes Dean would let him do something about it, but Castiel remembers that he‘s not supposed to watch over Dean when he‘s sleeping, has been told to back off and mind his business more than one time. However, Castiel can’t help it and every now and then, when he‘s certain that Dean won’t hear him, he’ll sneak into his room make sure he‘s okay, make sure he’s sleeping and not suffering through a nightmare.
“Do you remember,” he tries again while Cas waits patiently for him to continue. “Do you remember that time you—you tried to kill me? After Purgatory?”
This time it’s different, though. On one hand, Dean would like to say he’s gotten used to the view of Cas driving, he can behave himself around him more often than not and on the other, Dean’s got a lot on his mind. It’s distracting him from the drive enough for him to almost miss Cas’ hand creeping over towards him again, but this time it’s not going for Dean’s dick. It slowly finds Dean’s own hand and wraps around it innocently.
Dean could only ever think about Cas beating him up in that moment, that night in the crypt, breaking Dean’s arm and his nose probably more, it all started to blur together at some point. He’d thought being brainwashed by Heaven would do the job without any complications.
Eventually it’s Cas who sets up the perfect opportunity for Dean to bring it up. He’s been watching Dean for a while, kept an eye on him all throughout the campfire they hosted, frowned suspiciously when Dean dropped his marshmallow because he never drops his marshmallows. If he was in a better mood maybe he’d make a joke about how he wouldn’t be caught dead dropping his marshmallows.
A slight sense of pressure on his shoulder pulls him back to reality. He risks a glance and sees that it’s Cas’ hand claiming that spot, his spot, with his right hand, as always. It grounds him somehow, stops his head from spinning and eases the knots in his stomach. Cas’ face is suddenly soft and all signs of concern are gone, the tiniest smile hiding in the corners of his mouth. Dean doesn’t know how he expected Cas to react but somehow it wasn’t this, something feels off, and for some reason it makes him think and it makes him realize.
“You..had to?“ It didn’t make sense to Dean. Why would Cas have to become human? Sure, the new rules about leaving humans to their own business sounded fair, but what did it have to do with Cas? What does he so desperately need to be on earth for? Why would he give up his grace, wings and angelic powers just to-
“You ass,” he exclaims and tries to escape Dean’s grip, unsuccessfully. Dean’s only just getting started tickling the shit out of him when Cas bursts out giggling, loud and unrestrained. Finding out just how ticklish Cas is has increased Dean’s constant need to make him laugh tenfold.
“So you’re… you’re human?” he asks and feels his stomach drop when Cas nods shyly, then ducks his head. “Fuck,” he sighs and tries to swallow down the lump in his throat. “I–I’m sorry.”
Now, though, sleep is just another pastime. No need to recharge if you’re permanently plugged in and at full power, right? There’s no need for sleep in Heaven. However, Dean likes to keep it in his daily schedule as an escape to normalcy, to just pretend he’s still on Earth and trying to fall asleep in some shitty motel room bed with Sam snoring a few feet away.
“No, listen,” Cas cuts him off gently with a hand on Dean’s knee and Dean doesn’t even mind because he wasn’t sure what he was going to say anyway. He’s sorry, so fucking sorry because it’s his fault any of this happened, it’s always his fault, but he knows Cas doesn’t want to hear about his guilt because he wouldn’t agree with him anyway. “Dean, I don’t regret it, any of it. If… If losing my grace is what it takes for you to know that you are loved, I would do it all over again.”
Cas fake pouts and it’s the most adorable thing Dean has ever seen. He physically can’t not lean over and kiss it right off of his face, their noses bumping together and the Cas’ scrubby cheek scratching Dean’s shaved one. Cas’ lips are dry as always and Dean vows to go out and buy him a new chapstick as soon as possible.
Castiel waits and listens for a couple minutes, Dean‘s heartbeat not showing any signs of slowing down. Some nights it takes longer than others, but Dean always manages to fall back asleep at some point, so Castiel tries not to worry too much. He continues reading his book but realizes that he's hardly paying attention a few pages in, weirdly unable to shake the feeling that something is off tonight. Making a quick deicsion, he puts the book down and gets on his feet before quietly walking down the hall to Dean‘s room. He can hear him breathe heavily, heart beating against his chest.
Cas nodded. “The alternative was to wait for your death and meet you in heaven but... I couldn’t wait that long.“
He feels like everything changed but somehow nothing is different. Cas is still Dean’s best friend, always has been and always will be. Dean will still look at him like he put the stars in the sky, he figures he just doesn’t have to do it in secret anymore.
“Do you remember,” Dean starts and immediately cuts himself off when he realizes he said it out loud and not just in his head. Cas’ features are soft and relaxed, and Dean really doesn’t want to ruin it with what he’s about to say. Dean falls silent.
“Dean, I… I haven’t been a real angel in a long time. Not since I met you. I rebelled, I disobeyed orders, I... I had doubts, and reasonably so, as it turned out. You helped me see that heaven... It’s not where I belong. You showed me that I belong here on earth, with you. You‘re more family to me than my brothers and sisters have ever been.
“You don’t have to say anything,” Cas assured him because Dean had never been a man of big words. He probably needed time to process everything that Cas had just dumped on him,
He remembers, faintly and vividly at the same time, the first couple months after he first met Cas. There were a few times when Dean was
“Answer the question,” Cas said and Dean was convinced he’d still go to Hell for how incredibly horny that tone made him. “I know what happened. Why did you just—”
on his tongue but managed to keep his big mouth shut this time. He didn’t know whether it was because his brain-to-mouth filter decided to work for once or because his raging hard-on was distracting him from saying dumb things. “I’m sorry,” Dean eventually said for the third time.
If Ash was the kind of person to blush when being embarrassed, now would be the time, but instead Ash proudly nods. “He threw up on my jeans later that night and I never saw him again.”
“Alright, alright, that’s—” Ash cuts in with superhuman speed and shuts the laptop harshly, barely missing Charlie’s fingers. “That’s enough for now.”
Dean’s always known that, on the minor chance he ever makes it into heaven, he’d have an awful lot of apologizing to do. At some point the number of people who died for him exceded the number he saved, he’s pretty sure. Not like he could keep count. He thought some of them would surely be angry with him for biting it so soon after they died for his cause, others would hopefully get some sense of justice (or maybe vengeance) in seeing him here.
“It was to me.” Cas’ hands wrapped around Dean’s in their laps because the way their legs are bent and tangled, there’s no way of telling where Dean ends and where Cas begins. His thumb strokes Dean’s palm, and a short moment passes where neither of them knows what to say. “You know, all of those false versions of you—they fought back. They begged me to stop. None of them just—just let it happen the way you did. Or said the things you did.”
Cas’ features slowly started to soften then, like he was finally done fighting. It was kind of a shame because angry Cas was criminally hot, but Dean really didn’t know how much longer he could take it, so he was grateful for his shift in expression. He didn’t dare move a single inch because he was sure he’d feel his dick leaking in his boxers. Cas sighed. “Me too.”
being rejected, never considered it for even a second. Cas was still an angel, and last time Dean checked, angels weren’t supposed to fall in love with humans, he honestly was sure if they were even able to. In the end he was proven wrong, and in retrospect he should’ve known that Cas was different, because Cas was always different.
You know, I once explained to Jack that it was part of our celestial existence to watch humans come and go. I told him that they only live for a very brief time and that we’d have to carry on without them at some point. But... It doesn’t have to be this way. I don’t want to do this without you one day. I-I can’t even imagine it. Not if I don’t have to.”
Cas knows him better than anyone else, probably better than Sam even. Maybe, and Dean hates to admit that, maybe Cas knows him even better than Dean knows himself. So when Cas says that Dean is not broken, that his anger is not what defines him, that destruction and hate is not what truly drives him, that he is so full of love that everyone around him knows it and sees it, when Cas leaves all of these things as his literal deathbed confession, maybe there must be some truth to it.
It’s not like Castiel is alway listening in on him, a normal heartbeat from another room is not something he instantly picks up on. A hammering noise like this, though? He physically can’t ignore it. Castiel is sure that if Dean knew this, he‘d tell him to stop being a creep and let him sleep in peace.
Dean tries his absolute best to remain calm but this is kind of a big revelation and he’s shaking all over, can feel his fingers shiver and his heart beat in his throat. This shouldn’t even be news to him, he was aware of what happened back then, just not the extent, as it seems.
He helped Eileen where she needed it as she made the pecan pie's lid, but she was mostly fine on her own and even used leftover pastry to add a heart to the top for decoration.
For no reason other than… to be his friend? He was a sub after all, and Sam was a grown man; he had no control over his brother. Dean had already made it clear he liked Eileen, and yet she'd still gone out of her way to buy the ingredients for Dean's favorite food, and come over so they could bake it together. He didn't think anyone had ever done anything like this before, unless they were already completely family, or Cas. Ever since he'd presented as a sub, he'd been the one doing this kind of thing for other people, and to be on the receiving end of things...
“Alright,” Dean announced, having to clear his throat a couple of times to get rid of the emotion that was in his voice. He carefully transferred his rolled out pastry into the pie tin he’d greased earlier, and poured some baking beans inside. “Blind baking time!” He watched as Eileen slowly copied him, rolling the pastry onto her rolling pin before putting it in the tin, and then trimming the sides and patching any holes. Her pastry case wasn’t quite as flawless as Dean’s was, but she also didn’t bake pies every other week, and he was pretty impressed. “You’re a natural,” he told her, putting the cases into the oven and setting the timer.
Dean frowned. He had no idea where this was going, but he was more than happy to answer. "He's only human, you know," Dean shrugs, "he makes mistakes just like the rest of us, and all that. But yeah, he's definitely the best Dom I've ever had. He doesn't put on any kind of front, and barely treats me any differently with family than when we're alone. So if you've seen him being a good Dom, that's just because he is."
"It's okay," Eillen interrupted his thoughts, her hands not signing along as instead she used them to grip Dean's shoulders and help ground him. It was only then that Dean noticed he was shaking, and he desperately wished Cas was there with him. He ducked his head to press his collar into his neck, reminding himself that it was there, that he was safe, that he was Cas'. "What were you thinking about?"
"But you're here now," Eileen said, "and if you think Cas is ever going to let you go, then you are severely mistaken. And possibly even stupid."
Dean laughed, a full belly laugh that made his sides ache and tears form in the corner of his eyes. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Eileen dropped her facade and started giggling too, her entire body shaking so much Dean was almost worried she was going to fall over.
“Okay, great!” Her smile was infectious, and she carried such an optimistic energy with her that even though Cas’ absence was still itching at Dean like a missing limb, he could feel his mood rising considerably. He could definitely see what Sam saw in her. “I heard you make good pie?”
"Grab your cushion please, place it to the right of my chair, and then kneel and wait for me to bring our food over."
Eileen put a finger to her chin, miming being deep in thought. “Aren’t we supposed to be making pies? We should probably continue with that.”
Castiel settled into his chair, gently running one hand through Dean's hair as he picked up his fork and started eating. Dean allowed the fuzziness to return to his mind, the freedom of not having to make any choices - not even what to eat or when - allowing himself to just float away as his body held his position.
Dean sighed, feeling something in his chest pull unpleasantly. He hated it when Cas had to leave, even when he'd never really been there.
The noise of worn shoes shuffled in through the front door, a coat was hung up on the coat hook, the footsteps continued, this time the gentle padding of socks on wooden floors.
There wasn't much point thinking about it, this was his life, this was how he was, and however much he tried to ignore it, it would always come and bite him in the ass eventually.
"Good boy," Cas said, an obvious smile in his voice as he offered Dean another piece of food. He didn't actually know what he was eating, but it was crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside, and kind of cheesy, and delicious, even if his brain was too fuzzy to add that all together to tell him what it was.
Eileen laughed, uncurling herself and reaching out to pull Dean into some kind of half hug. “Yeah,” she agreed, “at least we have pie.”
Gentle pressure on the back of his head pressed him down to rest his head on Cas' knee, allowing his body to go even more boneless than before and causing him to float even higher. In most situations feeling like this made him uncomfortable, he hated the feeling of not being able to protect himself, but he trusted Cas and knew that he would protect him while he was indisposed.
"Oh Dean," Cas said quietly, sadly, as he wiped Dean's tears away. "You're not a burden to me. I get as much out of this as you do, though I prefer doing it when you are in better shape. You aren't a burden."
"Follow me," Cas said shortly, his entire body taunt as he stood up and started walking out the room. Dean quickly followed him, ignoring how his head spun and his vision went a bit fuzzy. His Dom was angry at him. He had to obey as well as he physically could to make Cas happy again.
"No sweet boy, come and sit up here with me. You've been doing a lot of kneeling today, I think it's time we give your knees a rest."
He shifted awkwardly in place, his skin crawling like it had been for the last few days, his muscles shaking. Even though this was what he was here for, his knees were screaming at him, the hard wooden floor giving him no padding to protect his knees.
It was still early in the morning, seven am—way too early for Dean to be awake when he didn't have work—but Cas and Sam were both taking the train west for some kind of conference that their works had signed them both up for—as far as Dean knew it was a complete coincidence that they were both going, and they hadn't known until Sam had brought it up a couple of weeks before—and that meant they had to leave early. The original plan that Cas' job had suggested had included leaving late last night, and getting back early tomorrow, but Cas had refused, saying that he wasn't going to leave his Sub for that long. Dean appreciated it, he hated being a burden, but he really didn't like being alone for that long. He knew Cas would never leave him, but after all the time he had spent with John… he couldn't help how his sub brain reacted to being left.
"Who are you trying to- oh." Dean probably looked like a fish, standing there in the middle of the room with his mouth hanging open. He'd never been in this situation before. Eileen wanted to impress… him? She already had his approval, everyone knew that, and he was looking forward to getting the chance to become better friends. But she was still wanting to make pie… for him.
"I missed you," Cas breathed, one hand going to the back of Dean's neck and stroking along his collar, while the other started carding through his hair.
"That might be best," Eileen agreed, looking at her failed lid like she had no idea where she'd gone wrong. "This just doesn't want to play, it seems."
"Probably best the two pies have different lids anyway," Dean shrugs, "makes telling them apart much easier."
Dean nodded, his mind flashing back to the first time he'd ever met Cas. He'd had a similar motive back then, the desire to save Dean after feeling like he'd failed others before.
Castiel squinted for a minute, his gaze feeling like a physical touch. "We will come back to this later," he eventually said, nodding to himself like he just made a decision. "Please take off as many clothes as you are comfortable with, and then meet me downstairs."
"Good," Dean nodded, leaning back in his seat and staring at the ceiling. "We both got really lucky." He didn't want to bring the mood down, not when they were having such a good day, but he couldn't not think about it after what Eileen had just said. There were so many ways Dean's life could have ended up so much worse. He could have ended up dead by now from John's neglect, or found himself taken in by an abusive Dom who sensed his need and knew he wouldn't be able to fight back against an order. He hated thinking about it, simply because of how low the chances of Cas finding him actually were, and how it really was nothing but luck that brought Cas to him. If he had gone to any other bar that night…
"Is Cas as good a Dom as he seems?" Eileen asked later on, seemingly out of nowhere. They were still in the living room, waiting for the pie timer to beep, and until a moment ago they'd both been focusing on their own stuff on their phones.
"Sir?" he asked quietly. He hated the suspense. He hated knowing that something was wrong, but not knowing what.
"Yes Sir," Dean said quietly, grabbing the plates out of the bottom cupboard, and then the cutlery from the draw above that. He set two places at the table, but when Cas looked over to see what he was doing he raised an eyebrow, the meaning behind the gesture clear, so Dean quickly changed it to one plate and put the spare set away.
He pulled his phone out his pocket, finding an unopened text from Cas. He smiled softly at the sight of it, reaching up to fiddle with his collar as he opened the text.
He hated that part of his biology. He hated the instinctual need to be good, even when he wasn't told to, even when there was no one there to know he hadn't been. He wanted to stop, to just not. But he couldn't. And even when he tried not to, he still needed-
"Thank you, that's all I ask. Now, do you want to stop now? Or continue?" Cas didn't need to say any more for Dean to know what he was asking, and he didn't need to think very hard to come to his answer.
"Latticing is not one of your skills," Dean laughed, staring at the lump of pastry that was supposed to be a lattice in horror. "Maybe you should just do a plain lid?"
He still wasn't glad that Cas had left—and the sub part of his brain was yelling at him to keep Cas in his sight, to make sure his Dom wasn't going to abandon him permanently, to the point where he had to wrap his arms around Cas' leg to shut that part of his brain up—but at the same time he was glad to have had the chance to really get to know Eileen. It was great to have her part of his family, especially when she could properly appreciate a good pie.
Dean gripped his wrists tightly behind his back, fighting the fatigue in all of his muscles in order to stay in the correct pose. He was alone in the house, he had let himself in with the spare key from under the plant pot, and he knew no one else would know if he let his position slip, but he would know. He would know he'd been bad. He would know he had failed.
"I've never been able to bake something this tasty! Thanks, Dean, you'll have to send me the recipe so I can try again some time."
Dean hated many things in his life, but this - whatever this was - was definitely not one of those things.
Eileen was just… good company. They were also making pie, the best food in the world, which probably helped keep the mood up. Sure, there was the odd awkward moment—especially when they were mixing ingredients so signing wasn’t really possible—but, when wasn’t there. They got over them. They laughed it off.
By the time he put the cushion down and settled himself into the kneeling pose Cas preferred for at the table, Cas had finished plating up his food and was walking over to the table. Dean quickly tucked his chin down to his chest so couldn't see how full the plate was, but he hoped there was enough because now that his mind was starting to settle, he was becoming more and more aware of how hungry he was.
There were many things in Dean's life that he hated. He hated how his dad had raised him to be a soldier first, and a person second. He hated how much John had despised him, even when all he did was try to be good. He hated how Sam couldn't see it, even though he hadn't wanted him to - sometimes he wished that he hadn't been so successful, that Sam had realized what had happened. He hated that he was here at all, in this house, in this room.
"You're right," Dean sighed, pretending to be annoyed about it. "Alright then, I'll see if I've got the ingredients."
"We're making pie, and I won't be able to eat it all on my own. Is that not enough?" Her expression was perfectly earnest, all except from her eyes which were sparkling with amusement.
"Shhh." Cas put a finger against Dean's lips, stopping his rambling. "You're forgiven. Just please don't forget it again. You can't keep doing this. It's dangerous to let yourself get this close to the edge this often."
“Not a word,” Dean sighed, grabbing everything and taking it over to where they were working. “We have filling to make.”
He heard a quiet gasp come from behind him, shock and something else - something positive? - portrayed in just that one noise. He wanted to turn around, look at Cas and see the look on his face, but he hadn't been told he was allowed to look around, so he wasn't going to.
Eileen's words were blunt, but they got the job done better than any long flowery paragraphs would have. What he and Cas had was forever, and the past couldn't change that.
"Ye'ir," Dean mumbled, rolling his head so that his face was hidden against Cas' knee, his naked chest accidently rubbing against Cas' jeans while he shifted.
"See you tonight," Cas smiled, waiting in the doorway for Dean to press a goodbye kiss to his lips. He looked even more breathtaking than normal, his work suit hugging his body perfectly, and his dark hair mostly tamed for once. Dean desperately wanted to kiss him until his lips were kiss bruised and his hair a mess from Dean running his fingers through it, but he knew better. Cas needed to go, they didn't have time for anything, even if Dean couldn't get the imagine of Cas using his blue tie to tie him up out of his mind. The silky fabric would feel so good wrapped around his wrists.
Dean froze. He couldn't remember which rule Cas was talking about. He'd been in the right position, there weren't any rules about where he was supposed to kneel except when- oh. He was on a wooden floor. The rule was he was to never kneel on a hard floor without a cushion. He didn't have a cushion.
"Definitely," Cas agreed, finally pulling back. Dean could see Sam and Eileen having their own reunion, and he waited for them to finish before he went over to give Sam a hug as well.
Dean grinned, handing both Doms their plates before sinking gracefully into a kneel. He leaned against Cas' leg, letting out a noise that could only be described as a purr when Cas started scratching his scalp.
With an annoyed sigh, he dragged himself out of bed and down the stairs. He didn’t bother to tidy himself up, even though he probably looked a mess from curling up under the covers. He felt a mess, and he’d probably just tell whoever was at his door that he wasn't buying anything, then head right back to bed. He grabbed the front door keys from the key-bowl, and yanked the door open, his words dying on his tongue when he found himself face to face with Eileen.
Dean quickly typed a response, upset that he'd missed Cas. He wished he'd been able to talk to him, even if it was just across text.
The footsteps started up again, and in only a couple of moments Dean could see Cas' holey black socks, and the bottom of his slacks. He kept his gaze down, even though he desperately wanted to look up at Cas. He would be good. He could be good.
Charlie had turned up on the second day. She didn't know what was happening, Dean hadn't told her and she wasn't one to assume, so she just forced him to drink some water, and tried to get him to eat as well. She didn't manage to get any food in him, but the water helped.
Cas and Sam started eating their pie, piling on the compliments to the point where Eileen and Dean made eye contact across the room and rolled their eyes. The Doms were laying it on a bit thick.
Dean kept his gaze down, unable to make eye contact with Cas right now, but he nodded. "I'm not certain you're right, but I do trust you Sir, and I know you wouldn't say something you didn't believe."
“Hello,” Eileen smiled, very obviously looking Dean over and taking in his disheveled appearance. She was wearing jeans and a flannel, which seemed to be her preferred outfit of choice, looking like she was planning any normal weekend at home. She wasn't wearing a collar—she and Sam weren't at that stage yet—but from the way her flannel was swamping her, he could tell it wasn't hers. “Can I come in?”
Dean leaned forwards, pulling the food and the fingers into his mouth. He could do so many things with Cas’ dingers in his mouth, but this wasn't anything sexual, so instead he just took his food, and leaned back to eat it.
"A couple of days ago?" Dean could feel himself shrinking down, curling his bare shoulders forwards to try and make himself less of a target. Cas was disappointed in him.
"Great!" Eileen held up a plastic bag that Dean hadn't noticed before, a smug smile on her face. "I was hoping you'd say that."
"Use a cushion when on a hard floor, Sir," Dean whispered, his eyes locked onto the floor just in front of him.
"Come on, come back to me sweet boy," Cas was muttering. His gentle words made Dean feel slightly better, but it was nothing compared with the gentle float when he was in Subspace.
He'd told himself that he would stay away, that he wouldn't burden another person with his problems like he had been doing for so long.
Dean grabbed out some plates while Eileen grabbed the ice cream, and then they carefully cut themselves large slices of both pies and added massive spoonfuls of ice cream on top.
"Ughhhh," Eileen groaned, her hands covering her face as a shiver racked through her body. "I know they said they'd be back tonight, but can they hurry up? I seriously hate this." She stumbled through to the sitting room, collapsing into the couch with a tired sigh. She'd be fine in a minute, but Dean knew it wasn't nice when you weren't used to it. "Sorry," she murmured without looking up, "you know how it is. My body is not happy with how far away Sam is."
Dean hung his head, his eyes focused on the wood under Cas' chair. He should have known this conversation would come up at one point or another, but he had naively assumed that Cas would wait until tomorrow. He didn't know why he had ever thought that, he was a lot more balanced now, and it made sense that Cas would want this cleared up as soon as possible.
Dean didn't notice when the plate was cleared, nor did he notice when Cas offered him the water. He drank it, but his consciousness wasn't aware of it. He didn't notice the passage of time, while Cas sat there and waited, still running his fingers though Dean's hair.
"I agree," Dean nodded, "there's some ice cream in the freezer, I think we deserve to see if they taste as good as they look."
"Nice," Dean hummed as he slid them both into the oven, setting the timer to make sure they didn't forget to check on them.
"Dean!" Cas sounded stern, the harsh single word enough to jolt Dean out of his thoughts. "I didn't tell you to stand around, I told you to put your cushion next to my chair."
"I missed you too," Dean breathed, "but Eileen's been keeping me company. You need to try the pie we baked!"
“Okay,” Dean eventually said, breathing deeply to try and get the last of his laughter under control. “The filling, let’s see what you brought.” He swiped the plastic bag off the counter, where they’d left it, and started picking through the contents. With what he had in his cupboards, and what Eileen had brought, they’d have what they needed for a pecan pie, and an apple and cinnamon. The two best flavors.
"What happened sweet boy?" Cas asked lowly, running one of his hands through Dean's hair, the action releasing tension Dean hadn't even realized he was carrying.
He floated even higher, swaying slightly from side to side and accepting any food which Cas offered him. He started losing track of time, and his surroundings, and even himself. His only focus on eating the food presented to him, and the quiet words of encouragement Cas gave him.
Dean winced. He was more than aware of what would happen, from back in the days they were scening but not dating. Back then, Dean had always thought that Cas was just pretending he was punishing him for flirting, when he could tell Dean needed it. Now he realized that he’d just been an idiot.
The second he was allowed to, Dean looked up. Cas looked exactly how he always did, business suit still on from his day job, even though he had abandoned his blazer. His shirt sleeves were rolled up, flaunting the solid muscles and the small vertical line on his left wrist, the same size as Dean's, but representing the polar opposite. Castiel looked tired, a relaxed smile which didn't quite look real on his face. When Dean looked up even more, he saw concern in Cas' eyes.
They didn't know he was here. He had an open invitation, but they wouldn't be expecting him. Not here, not now. He wasn't going to turn back, even though it would probably be the best plan.
Cas sighed, sounding tired. "Dean, that wasn't handling it. You used to pick up a random hook-up to deal with the need for touch, and pick up the bottle for all the other symptoms." Dean knew that what he was saying was true, but he still hated it. He still hated that he was this weak little bitch who needed someone else to look after him to stop him from falling into the abyss of biology.
There was a clatter from downstairs, the office if Dean had the direction correct, and he wondered if they were going to stay down there, do some work. He would be left up here to wait until they found him.
"You may look around," Cas said, his tone hardening slightly in contrast to when he first walked into the room, but just as warm as it had been back then.
He heard the clattering of a key in the lock, the creaking of the door opening, the quiet sounds echoing through the house and sounding like gunshots in the otherwise silent room, even from where he was, all the way upstairs.
"I'm guessing that's Cas?" Dean looked up to find Eileen leaning against the wall across from him, watching him.
It took him a couple of moments to register the fingers hanging in front of his face, something breaded being held out to him. Cas was patient as ever, his own fork still picking food for him while he waited for Dean to react. The lack of attention to him should have felt demeaning, but instead it was comforting. It meant that Cas still trusted him to eat without being watched, even if he had failed before.
“There’s nothing wrong with a little bit of sweet talking,” Dean replied, adding in a flirty wink just for the fun of it.
"Yes Sir," Dean sighed, just those two words starting to ease the itch which was dancing under his skin.
The timer went off just a few minutes later, startling them out of a conversation about dogs. The pies, when they pulled them out, were golden brown and smelt delicious. They placed them on the side to cool, and then stood back for a moment to stare at their hard work.
"Submitting isn't weak Dean," Cas pretty much growled, "trusting someone enough to let go that much, and know that they will catch you. To allow them to take you apart, and know that they will put you back together. To know they will only do things that will be good for you. That takes strength. I wouldn't be able to do that, yet you do it so beautifully. You do it so amazingly and I wish you could realize that for yourself."
Which… probably wasn't a bad thing seeing as he was married to the guy and wore his collar with pride. But still.
"Nughhhhh," Dean complained, "I don't wanna." He knew from the fact he could talk that he was already out enough that there was no going back, but that wasn't going to stop him from complaining.
Dean had been worried it would be awkward. This was the first time they’d been together without either Sam or Cas around, Dean wasn’t great at signing—or remembering to always look at Eileen when he spoke—and Cas being so far away was throwing him off enough that he probably wouldn’t be great company around anyone, even someone he’d known most of his life. There were so many reasons why this would go wrong, and Dean would end up making Eileen hate him, and things would be awkward forever.
He sighed quietly, turning to the door to walk downstairs. He hadn't been told he was allowed to stand around thinking before going downstairs, and he wasn't going to go against an order this quickly.
Dean opened his mouth to ask Eileen what happened next, when the sound of the door opening and conversation drifted in from the front of the house. Dean froze, while Eileen frowned, trying to figure out what Dean had heard.
"I was hoping you'd teach me how to make some," Eileen told him, signing slowly so that it was easier for Dean to pick up.
Dean did understand, he really did. His mind knew that Cas was his Dom, which meant his body and instincts were more than happy to complain when he was too far away. He was glad to see Eileen having similar problems—which made him feel kinda mean, seeing as this really wasn't fun—because it meant it was just a normal sub thing. This wasn't Dean being weak, or useless, or needy. It was just how his biology wired him.
Dean hurried to fill up the glasses, making sure to not spill a single drop as he gently placed them both next to the plate.
"I drank something… yesterday?" Dean said, not certain. It was hard to pay attention to the passage of time when his entire being was just focused on being good, even when there was no one there to be good for. "Maybe the day before that…"
Dean scrunched up his face, but didn't argue, standing up slowly to shake out his legs before he went to do as he was told. He may not enjoy watching bees do bee stuff for multiple hours, but Cas loved them and he would never argue.
"See you then," Dean agreed, and the way Cas peered at him told him he hadn't fully managed to hide his regretful sigh. There was promise in Cas' eyes, a promise of
His footsteps were quiet as he padded after Cas, his head bowed submissively. He had needed to be good, but now here he was, making things worse. As per usual.
Dean had to congratulate Eileen for managing to not look horrified, but then again… she'd been there when John turned up to talk to Sam, she could probably guess the kind of ship that man ran.
When he got downstairs Cas was sitting on the couch, a cushion between his legs. It was clear where he wanted Dean, and he happily sunk back into his kneeling position, laying his head on Cas' knee and allowing himself to relax.
The look Eileen sent him clearly said 'I'm not buying your bullshit' which Dean thought was unfair, seeing as it was only partly bullshit. Sure, he was just giving her permission to give up on the lattice, but he did mean it when he said that having different lids was a good idea.
Dean had made more pies than anyone could possibly count this year alone, never mind in his entire life, so it was no surprise that the lattice he made for the apple pie was almost perfect.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean nodded, awkwardly signing along. He’d gotten a lot better, but he still struggled a lot more than Sam and Cas. He stepped backwards to let her through, waving her into the sitting room as he relocked the front door, before sitting on the armchair. Eileen folded herself onto the couch, managing to look right at home, even though Dean knew he would have been feeling horribly awkward had their situations been reversed.
"Just… my past," Dean shrugged, his hands so shaky that his signs must have been barely readable. "I would be dead by now, if Cas hadn't found me."
Eileen laughed, clearly thinking she was being hilarious. "Okay, but jokes aside, Sam's great," she said, "attentive, kind, everything you want in a boyfriend, and a Dom."
Dean nodded, settling against Cas' side in a way which was a bit closer to domestic than submissive. Neither of them argued though, and Dean could still the fuzziness on the edge of his mind, softening the edges of everything.
"I've had friends before who have had a Dom who seems perfect, who seems like everything you could ever want in a Dom, but is completely different behind closed doors. It took me years to be able to help them, and I refuse to let that happen again. I know it's most likely that Cas is just as perfect as he seems, but I always need to check."
Dean's eyes slammed back to the floor, shaking his head slowly. He couldn't. He couldn't tell the truth. He didn't need to talk, he needed-
"Yeah, I understand," Dean hummed. He hated to think about it, but now Eileen mentioned it, John was probably the exact kind of Dom Eileen was talking about. He'd been good enough at pretending to be good that even Sam had thought John was an okay Dom, even though he thought he was a horrible man. Obviously, Sam's opinion would probably have been different if he'd known Dean was a sub, but he still hadn't seen the problems that were there. "You don't have to worry though, Cas really is great."
