Cas forces himself to take a step back and he stares at Dean with wide eyes as his breath comes in heaving waves. Tightness coils low in his stomach, spiking almost painfully as he thinks of all the things he wants to do with the man in front of him.
“Your insolence is unacceptable,” Dean continues as Lilith’s eyes go wide.
Cas nods and looks to his nest with an expression that Dean can’t quite read. If Dean let his imagination run wild, he might this the look clouding Cas’ features is akin to disappointment but he doesn’t trust himself to hope.
Cas arrives in New York for Dean's concert, good times ensue.
“Pressure me?” Dean scoffs, shaking his head with a smile. “Me, who performs in front of thousands of people at a time? I think I can handle some stuffy academics.”
Cas loses his battle and grins as he’s overtaken with ridiculous laughter. Dean gasps for breath, unable to stop his laughter, and eventually, he’s forced to release Cas and roll onto his back. Cas tries to stop laughing, and he rolls onto his side to drape an arm over Dean’s chest, but every time he thinks he’s gotten his laughter under control, Dean snorts and wheezes with a fresh round.
Inias is the last to agree and he does so with a crestfallen expression as he looks upon the easy way Cas stands with Dean. “I would follow you anywhere, Castiel,” Inias says as he flinches a smile and Cas wilts perceptibly.
The sting that Dean’s touch leaves only serves to strengthen his fresh swell of hopeless anger.
“I love you too, Dean” Castiel reminds him, searching those green eyes in utter confusion.
He shakes his head and glances around, noting the buzz is still centered around Dean but this girl is different. She’s here for
Cas perches at the edge of the bed they’ve come to share and his cock bobs at attention in front of him. Dean’s lips travels across Cas’ cheek and down his throat, licking and sucking with the occasional nip that has Cas whimpering with pleasure. Dean bats Cas’ hand away when he reaches for the hunter and Cas whines at the rebuke. Dean’s teeth skim against Castiel’s shoulder, mouth spread wide in a grin as his kisses continue to travel the toned expanse of skin in front of him.
He would hate to have to ruin all the hard work his installers did and he really is quite fond of the soft cream color.
Cas snorts a laugh and takes a careful sniff of his coffee. As suspected, his nose wrinkles as the cheap and terribly weak aroma tickles his nostrils. “You couldn’t have at least gotten me bourbon?”
The next page holds two photos of tiny babies wearing nothing but diapers. Cas sucks in a breath when he notices how thin and frail they are. The one on the right has a tube coming out of his arm and his skin is flushed nearly crimson.
His shapeless robes hide the lithe body that Dean knows is hiding underneath and he can only imagine how Cas’ muscles have filled out now that he’s eating properly. Cas’ body is growing as strong as his will and that makes him all the more beautiful.
“Castiel, no,” The older monk says, panic laced in his tone as he stares down the hall toward the younger man.
Cas huffs a laugh at the melodrama but his heart patters happily regardless. He never imagined he would have someone like Dean to call his own and he feels wholly inadequate that he’ll never be able to put into words what Dean means to him.
Dean is pouting about having to forgo their planned kinktober activities in favor of working a case and he's driving Castiel to distraction. What's an Angel to do when his boyfriend is being a brat?
Damn.
Knowing Gabriel, he’ll show up to the wedding wearing the most garish rainbow outfit he can find to hand out dick-shaped lollipops at the door.
“Don’t pretend you don’t like it!” Meg laughs with a wink and if Dean weren’t so nervous, he’d laugh a little himself.
Cas tilts his head, ignoring the ping of his phone in favor of discovering what is so dire that Alfie is nearly trembling where he stands. He nods and swallows hard. “I can try.” He does his best to smile and look welcoming, he really does want to help but he knows better than to make promises before he knows
“Well, I need to tend to Andrea.” Benny excuses and gives Dean a shrug before hurrying away.
Dean’s palm is sweating, he can feel the sticky dampness plastered against Cas’ skin and he closes his eyes and begs whatever god might be listening for strength. He smiles softly when he notices Cas give him yet another curious look and Dean shrugs to dismiss his concern.
Dean doesn’t wait for Azazel to put forth his complaints and knows he will hear none from Alastair. The brother of the condemned is forced to kneel and be still. If either of them chooses to dishonor their family further by protesting justice, then Azazel will share in Alastair’s fate.
“They had to perform a cesarean to save you boys, but Jimmy took the brunt of the fall. He was without oxygen for too long, the doctors did what they could but told us to expect the worst,” Andrew continues sadly.
He hums and presses a quick kiss to Dean’s cheek. “I didn’t want to pressure you.”
“I think we should discuss formalizing our natural tendencies” Cas settles into a chair and stares at Dean as if they’re simply discussing the weather.
Dean merely smirks and rolls his head on his shoulders before meeting Castiel’s gaze directly. “That a threat or a promise,
The broad side of it is decorated with Norse runes that he’s learned are symbols for strength and honor. Sam had explained how dear the iron band is to his brother and how upset Dean had been to discover Cas had thrown it away.
“For Bobby and Ellen putting up with so much of my shit lately.” He shrugs. Bobby deserves so much more than a case of beer, but Dean knows better than to try to give the old codger anything that he can’t eat or drink.
“Ok, ok,” Dean mutters against Cas’ lips as they grind together. “Let me,” Dean says softly as he releases Cas’ hip to toy with the lacing at the front his pants. “Okay?” Dean asks, fingers stalling on the lacing as his green eyes search for an answer.
Dean scans the menu, one last time. “Can we, uh, how many would you recommend?”
Dean looks up at the woman too, a blonde police officer in a neat blue uniform with a smile that would be disarming if there weren’t so much sadness behind it.
The kind of deep that Dean isn’t sure he’ll be able to help and he’d been too chicken shit to ask over the phone.
Cas?” Sam questions as he settles at the table and only then does Castiel realize he’s still standing in the middle of the room, staring off into nowhere as his thoughts churn.
“I’m sorry” He whines, clenching his eyes as shame washes over him.
Dean shrugs. “Things have changed.”
Once Meg’s bedroom door is closed behind her, Cas drops onto the couch and curls himself into a ball and scrolls through his phone.
“Ooh, Clarence is growing claws. You’re good for him Dean,” Meg says huskily from her perch with a smirk.
is quite lovely.”
Cas shrinks back, biting his cheek to keep his laughter at bay as he schools his expression into something more serious. “And why was Charlie being so unreasonably cruel to you?” His voice is patronizing and he knows it, but he can’t help himself when Dean juts his lip out and gives him such sad eyes.
He wrenches open the passenger door and drops into the seat with his head in his hands as sobs overtake him. His shoulders shake and his chest aches with the struggle to breathe. Strangled sounds escape his throat as his nose clogs and he sniffles violently against his hands.
Bobby rakes his assessing gaze over Dean from head to toe before giving a decisive nod. “Good. Ellen’s expectin you for supper. Don’t be late.”
“Resist kindness and honest affection?” Alfie arches a brow when Cas finally lifts his gaze from the ground at their feet. “Dean is clearly taken with you and despite how we came to be here, has he not atoned for his actions? Do you hold any lingering mistrust of him?”
A lesser Alpha would simply use his power to force Dean onto his knees and show him what omegas are good for.
He walks and walks, listening carefully for signs of his quarry but Dean seems to have vanished. “Dean!” Cas calls out, hoping to provoke a reaction.
“What….” Cas begins, glancing worriedly at the open computer screen. “What is ‘Kinktober’?” he rumbles, using his fingers to create air quotes around the strange sounding word.
“I was in school in Chicago. Got a full ride because I was a homeless student,” Cas says, mouth going dry. Meg is the only one who knows his story, that’s where he met her. “Everything was great. I was living in the dorms, majoring in social sciences. I wanted to go on to become a social worker for queer kids. I wanted to protect them from what I went through.” He stops to take a deep breath and shakes his head.
When Cas looks at Benny, the man is wearing a soft smile and he shakes his head fondly.
Somewhere.
The quiet in the room is deafening as Cas lets out a shaky breath. He had not known what to expect of opening himself to Dean but sharing the man’s bed so soon was not on the list of possibilities.
“No problem, baby bro. I still can’t believe you managed all this time without your social security card. How’d you get a job?” Gabe leans back in the chair like he hasn’t come dangerously close to Cas’s most closely guarded secrets. He smiles obliviously, seemingly glad to simply be in the same room as Cas.
Gabriel circles Virgil with a fierce scowl and Sam stands with him, shoulder to shoulder. Dean cannot hear the words they exchange, but Virgil is quickly cut down by Gabriel’s ax without mercy.
His cheeks flush crimson and he drops to his knees, not even caring that Dean managed to steal his swimsuit.
“Cassie, darling,” Balthazar says with a slight slur. “That boy asked you to be there, did he not?”
Leaves and twigs crunch under the feet of his pursuer as Cas darts amongst the trees.
“Oh, shit,” Dean says, grabbing for his phone when he hears the tone telling him that he just received a message from Sam. “Sam says the bus just started back down.” He turns to Cas with wide eyes. “What should I tell him?”
John fixes Dean with a stern look but an upward quirk of his lips betrays his amusement.
“Attention!” Dean barks, silencing the gathered crowd once Ruby and Lilith are shoved to their knees in front of the Jarl’s great chair. Dean takes a half step forward as he calls for the trial to begin and his heart races in excitement.
“My work here is done!” Bal calls from the direction of the kitchen and Cas only assumes that he’s helping himself to the bottle of Scotch he stashed in the cupboard.
Nothing except his desire to please Dean and the power of that thought nearly makes Dean dizzy with want.
“Cas,” Dean says, drawing out the man’s name as he tilts his head ever so slightly.
Sam chews his lip and Cas finally notices his discomfort.
Cas forces a deep breath and falls back against his mattress to blink upward at the darkened ceiling. “I don’t know what to say.” The pattering of his heart is nearly painful as silence stretches over the line and nausea churns in his gut.
In retrospect, he should have asked her how to play.
Dean sighs but shifts Baby into gear and drives to the brewery as Sam directs. His thoughts keep churning over Castiel’s words, imagining all the things his Angel could have in mind. The club thing really tripping him up though. Cas knows he isn’t into crowded nightclubs with thumping music and too dim lights. That situation is a hunter’s nightmare and beyond that, just not Dean. He can’t imagine Cas would want to take him somewhere like that. And he sure as hell isn’t going to want to take him to a knitting club or something equally populated by old cat ladies.
Mary pinches a frown but nods. “Where in Florida did you say you’re from?”
Cas shakes his head again and huffs a bitter laugh. “Cancer. She went through hell to get clean and it was all for nothing. She’s going to die anyway.”
Nora laughs and shakes her head. “Why don’t you take off, Castiel. I got this.”
Cas looks between Dean and the phone, into Sam’s near scowling face. He doesn’t want to get involved in this disagreement between brothers, but his gut says Sam is right. They should talk to Dean’s manager before a reporter who honestly gives him the creeps. “I’m sure Dean will make the right decision.” Cas isn’t going to undermine his boyfriend for a man who is a stranger for all intents and purposes.
Dean feels himself start to settle, having everything laid out for him to remove surprises helps. He swallows hard as the nervous flutter in his belly shifts into anticipation.
“Looks like,” Cas says as he pushes his shoulder off the sign with a soft smile. “You are very handsome.” His cheeks flush with the honesty of his words but the way Dean’s eyes crinkle at the corners as his smile widens is entirely worth the discomfort.
Cas clenches his jaw, forcing himself to meet Dean’s gaze despite his obvious terror and gives Dean a single but faint nod.
Cas’ cheeks flush slightly and he licks his lips, making Dean all the more curious. “I, uh, I hoped maybe you would be willing to try one of the items from your list?” Cas asks, and Dean’s heart swells with how adorable the nervous knit to Castiel’s brow is, and how endearing he finds the way Cas wrings his hands when he’s unsure of something between them.
This is for the best. Really. Not even the shaky breath he pulls in through his nose can convince him otherwise.
Dean’s eyes widen as Gabriel begrudgingly translates. He swallows hard as he stares and then turns away from Cas with a strangled sound. He can’t believe this. All this time and Cas didn’t tell him. He and Cas met before? As children?
Dean picks up a slice of pizza but his mouth is dry and his stomach flops at the idea of eating and he sets the slice down without taking a bite. “I just,” he starts and shakes his head, noting with bitter amusement how Sam perks up like a puppy being offered a treat, “he made it clear he doesn’t date and I still had to go and kiss him.”
“Dean!” Sam calls just as Dean drops to his knees in the dirt.
Nonetheless, he wipes away the mess on his stomach with a shirt off the floor, it could be his or it could be Castiel’s, he doesn’t care enough to pay attention. Not when Cas is stretched out so invitingly.
Dean huffs and waves out the windshield in front of them. “Eyes on the road,” he chastises but the grumpiness in his tone is softened with a smile.
Alone in their hotel room as Dean ducks into the bathroom with a small bag and crimson cheeks, Castiel knows without a doubt that buying that ring wasn’t a mistake.
That might be the fastest Dean has ever come from someone’s mouth alone. But Cas has never been just someone. Cas hums and cleans Dean thoroughly with his mouth before fetching a cloth to finish the job as Dean watches his with happy flutters in his stomach.
“Excellent. It’s been a long time since I’ve been here,” Cas says as they join the line.
“You got a little something…” Cas gestures to his brow before shaking his head and reaching out to brush the glitter off Dean’s forehead. Cas’ cheeks flush and he steps back as he clears his throat. “So, uh, figuratively speaking, if a single gay man were to ask you to join him for dinner, would you consider saying yes?”
Dean barely glances at their burgers before he nods with a polite smile. “Thank you, ma’am,” he says with a wink.
The leftovers get haphazardly shoved into the refrigerator before Dean is taking Cas’ hand again and tugging him toward the bedroom. Any thoughts of a shower are lost in a searing kiss as Cas backs Dean toward the oversized bed and pushes him onto it.
Cas sets his mug on the counter with a yawn just as Sam stumbles into the kitchen groggily clutching his empty coffee mug. “Alright.” Cas nods. “Is it acceptable if I leave my mug here for when I get back?” Cas asks as he gestures to the coffee pot.
Cas arches a brow and fixes Dean with a glare even as his stomach swoops. His lip tries to twitch into a smile that he smothers as he waits for Dean to squirm. “Fine, but I’m paying for laser tag. That was
Cas smiles knowingly, the slight smirk makes Dean flush and Sam hurriedly turns away with a hand of surrender raised. “Meet you back here in ten” Sam calls as he grabs his pack and heads in the opposite direction of Dean and Cas’ room. “TEN!” He calls back, correctly assuming that his brother needs the reminder.
“Good choice, good choice. But, could I interest you in a round of bumper cars? We’ve got a fifty percent discount going on when you buy a round of laser tag.” He hits some buttons on his screen, looking at them hopefully.
“Awesome.” Dean grins.
“Then have dinner with us tonight, since you’ve already come all this way to harass the folks attending this shindig,” Dean says flatly as he gestures to the sign laying discarded on the ground.
Cas frowns, now watching Dean out of the corner of his eye more than the scene playing out on the laptop. A quick glance to the hunter’s lap shows still hands folded and no obvious bulge of arousal below them. Castiel frowns harder. “Dean?” He doesn’t want to keep his silence any longer if Dean isn’t enjoying the video too.
Perhaps that kindness is his Saxon heritage shining through. John of Winchester was a good man, a noble man. It would follow that his sons are cut to be the same.
Charlie nearly doubles over laughing while his cheeks turn crimson with embarrassment.
Cas smirks at the sound of Charlie’s unimpressed huff and he slips off the bed to find his clothes.
Dean huffs and shakes his head. “In college, my girlfriend and I went, tried to join the parade. She was one of the first people I came out to, was hella supportive, but apparently having a girlfriend made me not gay enough.” Dean wrinkles his nose and shakes his head as his hands betray his lingering hurt.
Cas snorts a laugh. “That would be unappealing”
“So I’ve heard,” Sam says, falling into step next to Dean as Cas leads them through the busy train station and out onto the street.
Cas’ nerves turn to joy and he uses the press of their lips to drown out an excited giggle. He was afraid for nothing and the sudden release of the tension he hadn’t realized he was carrying makes his head swim.
He tenses, the spike of arousal in his gut nearly unbearable as his balls tighten. “Dean!” he cries, fisting Dean’s hair painfully as his cock starts to spurt.
scrunches their noses in disgust.
Dean nods. “Road trip, just you an me out to L.A and back. I got some shit I need to do, but I wanna spend time with you,” Dean is almost whining against Cas’ shoulder by the time he’s finished his spiel. “I don’t see you enough.”
“Oh no, I don’t like that look,” Meg folds her arms over her chest and arches a brow as she glares.
“You will tell them when you’re ready. I don’t know much about you, Alfie, other than you’re one of my top-performing students, but I am sure there are people in your life who won’t even blink if you tell them.” He thinks back to Meg’s reaction when he said he had a date with a man and she took it in stride. “You’re friends with Miss Masters? Maybe start with her. If you’re ready of course.”
Dean’s answer is.
“What about you? Favorite flavor?” Dean bumps back, making Cas stumble just a little.
“Cas!” Dean barks a laugh when Cas sits up to push his pants down, attempting to slide them over the dress shoes he still wears. “You gotta take these off first” Dean chuckles, sliding further down to unlace the shoes and Cas kicks them off with an impatient growl. His pants slide off much easier now and Dean casts them aside, more focused on the half hard cock right there for the tasting.
Zachariah huffs. “Who are you trying to kid? Huh? As long as you pay the rent, I don't care how you whores come up with the money.” He steps into Castiel’s space and jams a finger into his chest. “What I don't appreciate, is the police being in my building to clean up your mess!”
As far as Dean is concerned, Bobby is his Dad and he tells Cas as much.
The soft smile his monk wears as he mounds the earth around a small bean plant has Dean’s heart twisting comfortably. He decides to leave Cas to it for a while longer and join Benny on the training field instead.
“Cas,” Dean says as he pushes open the door to his room. Dean pauses to swallow hard when Cas steps inside and gently closes the door behind him.
Especially if they left with two Norse warriors.
Cas kneels between Dean’s feet, stroking tickling fingers down his inner thighs to his knees before teasing down his calves and tracing the sharp bones of his ankles. Dean’s cock is already taking enthusiastic interest and when Cas drags a single finger across the side of his foot, barely skimming the arch, Dean whimpers with pleasure.
The kink: Asphyxiation
Dean looks up at him with watery green eyes and smiles.
“Right here, little brother,” Gabe says with a touch of the mischief that Cas remembers as he pulls out a slender envelope from the inside pocket of his jacket. “Didn’t trust the airline enough to put them in my luggage.” He hands over the envelope and Cas opens the simple white paper with trembling hands.
Benny sighs and shakes his head, unwilling to admit defeat. “I don’t trust him.”
Cas rolls his eyes but he suspects that Dean’s right. Sam did get very excited when Ellen had asked him about his studies and judging from the adoringly amused look Jess had given him, it’s something he does often. “Maybe.”
Azazel and Asmodeus are gone from their place near the front of the crowd and Dean hopes that his uncle pulled his son away to control his antics but he doubts that is the case.
“Dean?” Cas says softly and Dean flinches when he feels the man brush his fingers along the back of his shoulder.
Cas scowls and shakes his head before bumping their shoulders together harshly. “Not bad, Dean,” he says and the sheer depth of his tone finally draws Dean’s gaze. “I want you,” Cas says in Norse before turning to his native English. “I shouldn’t. You stole me from my home. Enslaved me. I should hate you.” Cas shakes his head at Dean’s confusion. There are words that Cas needs to say out loud.
Cas silences him with a tender kiss as he lifts himself onto his elbow. He cradles Dean’s jaw with his hand, thumb stroking his cheek lightly as he stares down into those perfectly green eyes. “I want you, Dean, I’ve wanted you since you stayed over that night. I was trying not to rush you, I didn’t want you to think…” Cas trails off and chews his lip as he shakes his head. “I didn’t want you to think I only like you because you’re famous.”
“You boys take care,” Ellen says as she squeezes the breath out of Castiel before pushing him into Dean’s waiting arms.
Cas grins. “I’m your sneaky bastard.”
Dean huffs. “Stubborn Christian,” Dean mutters darkly even as he shakes his head fondly.
Dean’s brows scrunch and he swallows hard before he tilts his chin up. “I, understand, my life can be a bit much sometimes,” Dean says and his dejected tone has Cas’ heart stuttering.
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean says as he steps into Cas’ arms and rests his chin on Cas’ shoulder. “I guess I’m just a bit tense still, well, you know.”
His brothers aren’t back yet but Lilith’s sneering face is there to greet him instead.
Slick fingers prod into him and Dean’s cock throbs where it hangs toward the mattress. Dean could cry for how badly he needs to be touched.
Cas nods and Dean takes that as his cue to continue. He can read the nervous set of Cas’ shoulders easily and he would do anything to ease his mind. “How about we stop at a restaurant and I’ll tell Sam to meet us there? Do you know of a place?” Dean asks softly. He doesn’t know where
“That’s great, Dean.” Cas’s smile spreads even as Dean huffs and shakes his head.
His thighs quiver and his heart races as Cas slowly works his mouth over Dean’s shaft. Dean releases the bedding with one hand and rests his fingers lightly on Cas’ head, stroking his silky dark hair as gently as he can manage while the rest of his body tenses from the thrilling pleasure.
He huffs to himself as he remembers the fire in Gabriel’s eyes when he had cornered Dean and dared to raise his voice the night Cas had tried to escape, after Dean had handed down his punishment and sent Cas to bed in the barn.
Dean has Cas to thank for the discovery of their plot and he’s certain that Cas feels he is to blame for the punishment that awaits them.
The oven timer interrupts them when Dean starts talking about being harassed by Bernardo and Balthazar leaps to his feet to check on the lasagna while Dean continues his tale.
“I know, but
Cas can’t help but feel like they’re coming to an understanding, Benny seems like a good friend to Dean and his opinion feels important.
Dean’s eyes narrow further even as he lowers his chin, taking Cas’ hard length back into his mouth. He gives no quarter, sucking and slurping as he bobs.
something.
Dean smirks as Sam wipes away the coyote slobber with a roll of his eyes. “Well?”
Once out of Billie’s office, he shoots Dean a text.
Her grin is devious, but Dean can’t help but feel a rush of affection for the woman. He may have only just met her but she’s kind of awesome in a nerdy way that balances well with Sam.
Dean's heart flutters as he watches Cas put on the same brave and confident façade he knows so well from his dreams. Dean steps closer and gives Cas’ shoulder and bump with his own. “Sam is four years younger than me, just graduated high school and is headed to Stanford with me, with us I guess, this fall. He knows all about my dreams, about you. He’s going to be excited to meet you, I promise.”
Cas’ throat flexes as he swallows hard and nods. “Shall we?”
Dean chuckles and nods. “Yeah, I think it’d make Charlie’s day to finally get me to Pride. Do you think the university would be interested in my band throwing a little benefit concert? I’m sure I could get everyone in on it, maybe raise some money for the local kids?”
Everything Cas has done since he introduced the bath has been his own doing.
A knock sounds on his door and Cas’ heart flips happily as he hurries to answer.
“So, Sam,” Cas says softly as he looks to the youngest Winchester. “Have you heard what dorm you’re staying in?” When they had been in Italy, Sam was waiting for the information from the University.
Three minutes before his alarm sounds, he presses a gentle kiss to Dean’s brow before rolling over and collecting his phone.
Cas shrugs him off with a well-aimed glare and turns to stare at the welcoming party beginning to gather on the sandy beach with a hollow feeling in his chest.
Once inside, Dean doesn’t release him and Cas waves to one of the servers who has been working there since long before he moved to town. He gestures to a booth in the back, tucked in a fairly secluded corner and Cas crosses his fingers that no one recognizes Dean while they’re here.
The floor is hopeless, the sand like pink substance is likely glued down by the oil staining the concrete floor.
Damn, it feels good to laugh.
“Dean!” Cas hurries to catch up with Dean after a moment of stunned silence but Dean doesn’t stop to wait. “Dean!” Cas bites as he grips Dean’s uninjured shoulder to pull him around.
Dean shakes his head. “No, that isn’t it. She was just trying to look out for you, I’m sure she didn’t mean to upset you.”
“You don’t think he’s the prettiest thing on two legs?” Benny arches a brow and Cas flushes deeper.
Blessedly, the door looms ahead of them and Dean is quick to hurry forward and hold it open as he gestures Cas through with a sheepish smile.
Cas returns the look with equal measure, delighting in this playful routine.
Checking out goes smoothly despite the realization that this is the first time he’s bought alcohol in months. Even though he will not be drinking any, he holds the purchased case like a ticking bomb until Cas gently pries it from his fingers.
“Beer?” Cas asks with a raised brow and Dean’s cheeks flush.
Dean groans and drops back against the couch. “And you didn’t say anything?”
Castiel loses count of how many guitars he spies when he gets to ten.
He’s even making friends.
Cas pushes open the door and gestures for Dean to follow. “Chuck?” He calls out as he crosses the threshold while looking around. “Guess he’s not home yet,” Cas says quietly, and Dean doesn’t miss the note of relief in his tone. “I’m gonna go change, I’ll just be a minute.”
The flex of Dean’s hips draws his attention back to Dean and his cheeks color as he ducks his chin.
Once Sam and Jess are out of sight and he’s settled behind Baby’s wheel, he turns his glare toward Bobby, watching Cas carefully for signs of distress.
“Did you know that throughout history, Jesus’ foreskin has been a sought-after relic. At one time, there were more than eighteen plausible claims of the holy prepuce being in a church’s possession.”
Cas sucks in a breath and huffs. “Do not demand to know about our sex life,” Cas bites and Dean feels vindicated by the anger in Castiel’s tone.
Dean lets out a grunt of protest when Cas pulls back. “Please, Cas. Can we just… I want to feel you.” Dean's gaze is uncertain and Cas feels a pang of guilt for holding them back for this long.
Andrew squeezes her shoulders and picks up where she leaves off. “Naomi was a good girl. She did well in school, got a job with her mom at the library to save for college. Then she met Henry.” He shakes his head bitterly.
Gabe huffs and shakes his head. “You thought Cas would side with the family that attacked him? You’re deranged, and you will die for your treason.” Gabriel’s words are laced with venom that makes Cas’ blood run cold.
If he had swung a little higher, or a little harder, he could have done serious harm.
Which is good, he considers idly, because his mind is in no shape to pay close attention to the road when his gut churns anxiously about what state he’s going to find Cas in.
“Fuck, Cas” Dean gasps when Cas taps again, legs straining against the stirrups.
No one moves to harm him and Cas forces himself to take deep breaths, trying to convince himself that no one will.
Dean smiles widely, back in his element as he wraps an arm around Cas’ back and stretches his other arm over Sam’s shoulders despite their height difference. “Not at all.”
He blinks away the haze threatening to cloud his vision and swallows hard against the stray emotions.
Morning dawns and another full day and night pass as Castiel slowly feels more apathetic about his position. He’s convinced that as long as they’re on the boats, the Vikings will not harm him or his brothers.
Missy pinches a frown and closes her eyes tightly as she shakes her head. “Fine. Right.”
“Cas,” Dean says, his voice cracking around the single syllable. “Cas safe,” Dean says, tone pleading as he reaches out to gently touch Cas’ shoulders.
“Why not?” Meg arches a brow, her tone demanding. “Because you’re a sex worker? Huh? Is that it? You’re convinced no one could ever want you?”
Two days of this, nothing but open road in front of them and each other for company has Dean’s spirits soaring. Home is only a few hours away and he’s looking forward to cramming into his childhood bed with Cas wrapped around him as they process the last week and a half.
Castiel nearly cackles with laughter and shows absolutely no remorse.
Cas lets himself be pushed backward and onto the bed, eyes widening when he feels the hard line of Dean’s cock pressing into him. Flecks of dried blood mar the hunter’s hair and a bruise is blossoming high on Dean’s cheek. Cas hadn’t even bothered to heal himself, choosing instead to face Dean’s anger as he was. “Dean!” Cas gasps when presses Castiel’s wrists into the bed and straddles his hips.
Gadreel and Ezekiel both nod. They remember. Of course, they remember. At the time, the King of Wessex making a barbarian woman his Queen was quite the scandal. But Mary was like a ray of sunshine on a bleak day and Wessex quickly came to adore her. When she perished from birthing Prince Samuel, the entire kingdom mourned her passing.
“Would you care to explain to me why only one of my sons has returned.” Asmodeus doesn’t ask. He demands. His luminous hazel eyes glint with the fury only a father can feel at the loss of his eldest son and Dean nearly sympathizes.
Cas knows Dean too well and gives the ball one, solid squeak, urging his lover onward. Dean sucks in a deep breath and nods before continuing. He cuts at Castiel’s waistband next, carefully avoiding tender flesh as he splits the fabric. Castiel’s cock is eager, aiding Dean in pushing the cloth away from Cas’ groin. His underwear goes next and Cas’ dick bobs free, swollen and reddening as precome beads at the tip. Dean licks his lips at the sight and smirks at the knife in his hand.
“Cas, no,” Dean says gently and pries Cas’ hands from his face. “Talk to me.” He shuffles to his feet and holds out his hand for Cas to take.
Cas chuckles and shakes his head as he reaches out to cup Dean’s cheek. “You’re not going to hurt me, Dean Winchester, god of weeding.”
Charlie nods emphatically as she scores again. Cas sighs and shakes his head as the timer reaches zero and he’s down five to nothing.
“When you’re feeling better, we should talk about this. I think you’re experiencing sub-drop.” Cas chatters as he guides Dean to lay down and pulls the covers over them both. Dean groans but doesn’t disagree.
Once Cas finishes in the bathroom, he stops in the kitchen to see if Mary or John needs any help but he finds Bobby Singer instead.
When Dean pulls back, his eyes are gleaming and Cas is left breathless with a dazed smile on his face. “I was hoping you’d say that,” Dean says softly before pressing another quick peck to the tip of Cas’ nose.
Ruby huffs audibly and Cas can hear her shift his feet. “I had Sam wrapped around my finger just like Asmodeus asked until
Dean huffs a laugh and cracks a smile. “Please.” His cock is already plumping, remembering the cruel denial paid to it earlier in the evening and is determined to try again.
Cas nods and Dean sucks in a cleansing breath before answering. “In 79. Cas’ father died, we had to go back to Herculaneum and then the eruption.” Dean trails off and shrugs when his voice threatens to crack.
“That’s you, sweetie,” Rachel says, gesturing to the picture. “Two days after you were born. Our miracle baby.” She smiles to match her expression in the photo. “Jimmy was still intubated then, we couldn’t hold him. That morning was when your mom decided to name you Castiel. She said she had a dream when she was unconscious, a voice that promised you would be okay while telling her what your name needed to be.” She reaches up and places her hand over her husband's.
He can never seem to do the right thing when it comes to Cas and he’s certain that Cas will see that soon enough if he hasn’t already.
“Let Odin see that I stand victorious.” Dean hefts his sword and brings the point down into Asmodeus’ throat, nearly severing his head. A gurgle of blood erupts from his uncle’s mouth and he chokes on his last breaths as he stares unseeingly skyward.
“I’m gonna call Cas, lets him know we’re shipping out. Be ready to go in an hour”
Cas sighs and shakes his head. “No and no.”
Dean gasps when Cas bottoms out and grinds filthy circles against the swell of his ass. He doesn’t give him time to adjust, Cas simply pulls back and snaps his hips forward, setting a punishing rhythm that has Dean seeing stars with each brush over his prostate.
In Dean’s arms.
Cas can’t help but join him, feeling a little bit like a vindictive teenager. He had made Crowley promise to leave his parent’s names out of the article, leaving it a simple mention that they disowned him when they found out about his sexuality. He doesn’t want to drag them through the mud, but he wants them to know he’s doing just fine without them too.
“You…but you don’t know anything about me.” She must be simply being nice, he thinks as he shakes his head. There is no way a bright young woman who makes the Dean’s list in college would be interested in hanging out with a nobody like him.
Cas barks a laugh and shakes his head. “Thanks a lot, assbutt.”
Dean lets his legs fall open, surrendering himself to Castiel’s desires for him. Cas grins against the firm plane of Dean’s chest and lowers his hand further, teasing at the plug jutting from Dean’s ass.
Too dull and pinpricks of rust along the edge from the humid summer air.
“Dad makes the
Cas and Dean have a slow but eventful morning that ends in an important decision being made.
“What?” Dean mutters, only belatedly realizing that he
The woman pales as she stares, really
Strawberry.
, look. “That was Cas.”
Dean rolls onto his back and stretches his arms high above his head with a satisfied yawn before he reaches for Cas, only to find the space next to him cold. After a week of waking up with Cas in his arms, the empty space next to him feels troublingly large and Dean’s heart tries valiantly not to assume the worst.
Charlie huffs on the other and of the line. “Trust me, I know. Those vultures will say anything. My gut says you already know, but I have to say it anyway, please do not reach out to them. Do not identify yourself or give them fuel. I’ll handle any libel against Dean, but he said you’d rather stay out of the circus.”
He reaches for the Angel blade next. Cas will know this one by touch and it is the one Dean had the most reservation about. Dean takes a steadying breath and drags the edge of the blade across the side of Castiel’s throat before drawing a line down the Angel’s chest, leaving a thin trail of red welling in the shallow scratch. Cas shivers and groans, spittle beginning to leak out from around his gag and his cock twitches against his thigh. Dean’s breath hitches at the sight of Castiel’s obvious enjoyment
Cas shakes his head and dislodges Dean from his chest with a quick roll onto his side. “You do have a very nice ass.”
“Hey, man. Talk to me,” Dean says, voice gruff with sleep.
Cas barks a laugh that turns into a growl as he takes the candle from Dean’s hand and tosses it aside. The nearly depleted candle lands with a clatter somewhere out of sight, no doubt smearing melted wax across the hard floor of their room. Neither of them can be bothered to care about that when their lips meet in such a hurried frenzy.
Cas pulls back as Dean pushes to his feet and flees, leaving a trail of wilted weeds as he hurries from Cas’ backyard and into the safety of his house.
“My brother,” he mutters darkly as he pushes himself up with his arms to scan the room for his phone.
Benny gives Sam on more appraising glance before he gathers an armful of loot and leads the remainder of their party from the room.
He watches Dean warily even as he forces himself to slow in his repacking and his breath catches when Dean starts to dig through his own bag and procures an equally tiny charcoal grey box. “It ain’t nothing,” he says again and meets Castiel’s widening eyes with a sheepish smile.
Dean picks up the headphones and turn the noise cancelling feature on before placing them snugly over Cas’ ears, plunging the Angel into silence. He lets out a deep breath then, when Cas can no longer hear his nervousness escape. Dean runs his hands lightly down Castiel’s arm, watching the man jump and shiver at the sudden contact. Dean smiles, trying to channel what little remains of the Demon version of himself to satisfy his lover.
Cas clears his throat and flushes. “We don’t know. They were still safe when we died at least.” He shrugs and turns his attention to the tabletop and Dean can see the cloud that passes over his features with the memory.
“I could eat,” Cas says, taking the out Sam has offered him.
He isn’t even sure why he’s surprised. Cas is friends with Meg, after all, and he’d be willing to bet an entire paycheck that Meg has some serious kinks up her sleeve.
Cas huffs and rolls his eyes. “You are such as ass.”
It really is out of his way, during the week traffic is a nightmare but he needed to escape that night. He had wanted a drink and intended to find one, but Bobby’s insistent texting created a yawning cavern of guilt in his gut that stretched wider with each ignored text.
need to get any bigger.
Dean slides onto the floor and positions himself between Castiel’s knees. Cas rolls his eyes but allows Dean to tangle his hands in the edges of his trench coat and wedge his knees between Castiel’s ankles. “Please. Look at me, Cas” Dean pleads, chin tilted upward as he seeks out Castiel’s gaze.
He’s imagined this moment so many times and always underestimated the swell of emotion he would feel in his chest to have Dean beneath him, eyes bright and pupils wide as Cas lavishes him with attention.
“The Valkyries are here, Odin is here, watching us today,” Dean says firmly, raising his voice so that everyone can hear. “Some of us may not live to see another moon, but not one among us shall shrink away from the honor of death! Go forward, you all know why we are here. For Laugar! For Valhalla!” Dean yells, each word gaining volume as he raises his sword high over his head. The Wyvern carved into the blade glints in the early dawn light and the warriors around him join in with their excited shouts and cheers.
The foot of space they keep between them as they walk down the hall feels like an ocean that Cas would very much like to cross, but he has a promise to keep and he quite enjoys the way people avert their gaze when Cas turns his squinty glare on them.
Dean’s understanding is not of import.
When Dean climbs into bed, alone, midnight is rapidly approaching and Dean lays in the dark, staring up at his ceiling with his stomach twisted in knots.
When he turns around, Dean is shamelessly staring and Cas smirks with satisfaction. “I was promised breakfast,” He says as he folds his arms over his chest and schools his expression into something stern.
“But bi is a key part of the community, hence the B in LGBTA?” He knows the words leave his mouth as a question even as his brain tries to wrap around the idea that some horrible person must have made Dean feel like he wasn’t good enough.
Dean shrugs. “Maybe they’ve just set things aside because they’re happy to see you.”
He thought that Cas was beginning to accept his situation.
Cas will gladly stay with Sam and Gabriel for the day. He misses the long hours spent hunched over books, painstakingly copying them word for word.
By the time he’s reached his apartment, his hands are all but vibrating as he struggles to swallow.
Balthazar clears his throat and steers Cas around to face him. “Cassie, sweetheart. I’m assuming he knew you had a class this morning?” He waits for Castiel’s nod. “So, he knows how you dress for
“Hey man, it’s alright. I get it. I should have asked instead of assuming,” Dean says, his voice barely wavering even as his throat tightens with doubt.
Dean hums with a nod. “How about some coffee?”
“Now go. You’re gonna be late.” Dean pushes him back with a gentle hand at the center of Cas’ chest.
Cas can barely be bothered to care.
Cas huffs and shakes his head as he turns away.
Cas huffs a breath and shakes his head with a frown. He would much rather have discovered where having Dean straddling his lap wearing nothing but those panties would have taken them, but instead he’s forced to endure waiting through dinner before having Dean to himself again.
Now he definitely needs to know. “What is it?”
“Cas!” Sam calls after him but Cas turns and shakes his head.
“Thank you both, so much,” She says with a wide grin before taking her phone back from Benny and slowly walking away with her nose buried in the device.
“I uh…I don’t know?” Dean turns his head to meet Castiel’s gaze, honest uncertainty written across his features. This is something new for them, it comes as no surprise that neither of them knows how much Dean can take. “Maybe start with twenty?” He frowns as if trying to choose a movie instead of how many times he wants Cas to strike him.
As expected, his dark brown locks are sticking up in every direction from being towel-dried and he groans as he stares at himself.
“I don’t know what to do in a place like that” Dean continues. “How does it even work” Dean asks without asking, not expecting Cas to know.
The glare he levels at Cas when he finally cranes his neck to look is truly impressive, enough so that Cas pinches an apologetic frown and tacks on a kindly,
Dean trembles as he fights with his muscles to stay where Cas puts him. To not push back onto that tantalizing cock teasing at his opening and impale himself.
Cas chuckles before realizing Dean’s inner turmoil and falls silent. “I
Dean spins in the booth and smiles warmly as she sets two frosted mugs and the pitcher on their table. “Thank you, ma’am,” Dean says happily as he reaches for the beer.
Cas catches up a moment later and slips his hands into Dean’s with a squeeze that makes Dean sigh in contentment. “Is this okay?” Cas implores, looking slightly up at Dean with wide blue eyes.
“No.” Bal rests a hand on Cas’ shoulder to draw his attention. “God will not punish you for destroying evil.”
Cas sucks in a breath and tries his best to ignore the light brush of Inias’ fingers over his bare wrist and fingers but he finds himself pulling away regardless. “I believe I will return to the village now. It was good to see you all,” Cas says, not proud of how high his tone has pitched but he doesn’t leave anyone a chance to respond.
When he pulls up outside the convenience store, he catches a glimpse of Cas behind the register, peering over a woman’s shoulder with that intense squint of his as she checks out a customer.
Cas smiles at their exchange even as he feels a pang of jealousy deep in his stomach. Dean is so lucky to have a family who looks out for him. Who loves him unconditionally and without question.
“You didn’t think I’d be above fucking my way to the top?” Dean shakes his head and his smile turns bitterly fond and Cas blinks.
Dean swallows hard and forces himself to nod. “Come here, Cas,” He says, holding his arms out to beckon Cas closer. “You’re not being stupid.”
Dean nods and huffs an awkward laugh as he sucks in ragged breaths.
“Cas,” Dean says again with a sort of reverence in his tone. “Beautiful.” He finally meets Cas’ eyes, a clash of green meeting blue and Cas finds himself frozen under the force of Dean’s stare. Dean’s fingers stroke down Cas’ cheek with a feather-light touch and Cas lets himself lean into those tentative fingertips even as he lifts his hand to catch Dean’s wrist in a gentle hold.
Cas nods hurriedly and his heart lodges in his throat when Benny releases him with a slight shove.
“No, Cas,” Dean stops him with harshly spoken words. “Cas does not lie. He had duties to perform this morning that are far more important than toiling in the dirt with
Castiel frowns. Gabriel is right. Who is he to question God’s plan? He hangs his head in defeat. If enslavement by these heathens is part of God’s will, then he shall bear it with as much dignity as he can muster.
“Charlie is going to make his life hell,” Dean continues to grumble until Cas comes to a sudden stop.
Her laughter quickly turns into a wracking cough that leaves her wheezing as Dean helps her onto the couch with Cas appearing at her other side.
“Dean?” Cas finally asks when they’re pulling into the parking lot of the store. “What were you and Meg talking about, really?”
Seeming that no apology will be forthcoming, they’re done here.
The quiet surrounding them is peaceful, silencing the need to keep up idle conversation. Being around Dean soothes the constant buzz of worry under his skin and his fingers itch with the need to be closer to the beautiful man who crashed into his life.
“Beautiful, Cas,” Dean mutters, eyes retracing their path to find Cas’ eyes once again.
A friend? Cas’s smile grows and his heart warms as he holds up his can of soda as a toast. He’d have preferred a beer, but it didn’t seem fair since Benny is technically working even if they are just sitting out by the pool.
His heart flutters excitedly every time he catches a glimpse of Dean’s blown pupils or the tip of his pink tongue when he wets his lips.
Samuel huffs when Castiel obeys and approaches Dean with hurried steps. Cas can’t help but cast furtive glances toward the other man but he does his best to keep his attention on Dean.
“Translating,” Sam repeats and Castiel’s expression falls.
Cas chuckles and strains his neck to press a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. “My hands?” Cas mutters with amusement in his tone.
Benny snaps his fingers and gestures for Cas to follow him down a hall with two more security guards standing vigil. They flash their credentials and are nodded through quickly. Benny walks quickly and comes to a sudden stop at door marked NO ACCESS before rapping twice and pushing it open.
Gabriel hums knowingly and presses the glass to his lips, eyes closing in delight as the amber liquid spills into his mouth.
Maybe.
Dean narrows his eyes and frowns but doesn’t pull away from Castiel’s timid touch. Cas remembers then, the word Dean muttered in the woods where their paths first crossed. “Gratitude. Thank you,” Cas says slowly as he chews his lip before yanking his hand back with embarrassment and turning away so he no longer has to face Dean’s confusion.
That’s it.
Dean hums thoughtfully and sways them back and forth. “Maybe not, but, it’s a start.”
Dean turns to draw Cas into a heated kiss, trying to distract his Angel from his disappointment. He wants to say more but the words dry up in his throat before making it to his lips and Dean hates that Cas seems hesitant to meet his eyes. “Are you hungry?” Dean has to ask despite knowing the answer and he isn’t disappointed by the flat look Castiel gives him.
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to pout. The idea of sinking to his knees for Dean in a place he loves so much sends warms tingles through Cas’ gut that spark into a raging inferno when he considers bending Dean over in the studio while the microphones record every delicious sound he manages to draw out of Dean.
Dean’s laughter morphs into a pleased groan when Cas digs his thumbs into the ball of his foot and massages away the lingering soreness that comes with so many years of abusing his body in the name of saving the world.
“I asked you a question, boy,” Cas grumbles and Dean’s pants grow that much tighter.
“Tonight sound okay?” Cas asks, finally meeting Dean’s eyes.
“That is so not the same thing,” Dean retorts with a wide smile.
His Angel growls playfully and spins them, tossing Dean backward onto the bed with a fiendish smirk. “You’ll pay for that, Pet.”
Dean hums and snuggles closer. “It was good, Cas” He admits as if there was any doubt remaining how much he enjoyed himself. He isn’t certain he could handle that very often, but they’re definitely keeping the sound.
“Cas,” Dean says softly as he reaches forward to tug at the belt of Cas’ robe. “You stink.”
Cas nods agreeably and tightens his hold on Dean’s hand, not willing to let go despite the feeling of being watched.
“Shit, I’ve got to get going. Are you going to be alright?” Sam asks hurriedly, his voice accompanied by the sound of a door slamming in the background.
Cas smiles against Dean’s lips before lifting his chin to kiss Dean’s brow. “I’d do anything for you.”
Cas slips out quickly and urges Dean to lay on his back. “Breathe, Dean. I’ve got you.” Cas leaves kiss after on Dean’s sweat-damp skin, trailing from his hip to his jaw and back down. “I’m going to get a washcloth to wipe you off, okay?” Cas asks and watches Dean carefully as he waits for a response.
God, he needs coffee.
The conversation drifts from topic to topic with Benny eventually getting roped in when Gabriel starts discussing the merits of Cajun cooking and they all lament the tragic lack of beignets throughout most of the country.
Dean follows his gaze, frowning with he notices the sorry state of Castiel’s beloved weeds. Everything is wilting and spotted with brown.
“So, that was fun,” Cas says as soon as the doors close around them and they’re alone in Dean’s car.
Ezekiel smacks his shoulder fondly, if not a bit hard. “Some of us have fallen for these
Dean’s cheeks heat as he lets out a huff of awkward laughter. “No problem buddy. See you in a few minutes.” He ends the call before he can put his foot in his mouth any further. He knows exactly what Cas is talking about, the same reason he’s been enjoying hearing Cas’s voice first thing in the morning instead of the screeching of his phone.
His fury doesn’t stop at the Norsemen holding them captive, it extends to the sky and the king who sits upon the heavenly throne. “Lord, why have you forsaken us?” Castiel mutters and his despair plummets to new levels as the shore disappears from view entirely.
Charlie’s glare softens and digs in her back pocket for a wallet. “Not necessary. Thank you.”
Mick shakes his head. “It’s nothing. You’re gorgeous Steve, if I thought you’d accept, I’d offer to take you home and make sure you never want for anything as long as you’d have me, but as little as I know about you, I’m pretty sure I know how nicely you’d reject me.” He steps forward and daringly takes one of Castiel’s hands in his own. “Whatever the price to pay to finally taste those lips of yours, I’ll gladly pay it.”
All too soon, those hands are traveling south; gently prodding at Dean’s belly and pulling a tickled laugh from Dean.
An annoyed huff escapes him and he shakes his head. “I don’t have his number.”
“Move out!” Dean gives the order and strides across the clearing and into the trees without checking to see if anyone is following. He knows they will.
“Oh, okay.” Dean thought he was going to pay for them. Cas said he was broke, didn’t he?
Cas could stare for hours and never look his fill.
“Look, Dean.” Balthazar pauses and Dean gives a curt nod. “Cassie said I could trust you, and I’ve never known my brother to lie.” Balthazar’s gaze grows unusually serious as he regards Dean carefully.
“Cas,” Dean says, his name drawn out like a warning and Cas steadfastly ignores him. He won’t give Dean the satisfaction.
“Hold on, sorry, Dean,” Meg interrupts and Dean falls silent. “All this time, when you put Alder in his place… you knew so much because of your dreams?” Her tone is incredulous and Dean can’t help the snicker that escapes him at the mention of Doctor Adler.
Cas laughs, so Dean continues the song.
He might play the part of the big bad wolf, and with anyone else, he is. But with Dean? He may as well be a pup for all the power he holds.
Mick smiles and strokes his hair some more. “I told you, I work for some very powerful people. This is part of that job.” He touches the bulge under his arm that Cas cannot believe he never noticed before. “It has nothing to do with you, okay, baby?”
Cas pulls himself from his memories and gives Dean an unimpressed look. When Lucius took them fishing, Dean was always the first one to grab for the fish. Not everything can remain the same, it seems.
Dean opens his mouth to protest but is held silent by Cas’s encouraging nod and Bobby’s hard stare. “Fine, I’m going, I’m going.” He holds his hands up in surrender and quickly crosses the front walk to Baby just as Sam is backing his Nissan something or other out of the driveway.
He doesn’t want to stretch himself open with his fingers, he only wants Cas opening him up. He wants to feel the burn of just a little too much too fast and he wants to feel this in the morning, reminding him of how damn perfect Castiel is and how well they fit together.
I've got to decide which project to focus on next, but I'm looking forward to sharing something new with you shortly. I have another installment of Dating a Rockstar in the works, the third and final Hearts installment as well as a story featuring an autistic version of Cas that I've been sitting on for a while AND an a/b/o smutty oneshot involving Alpha mob boss Cas and omega Dean. So much to write...so little time.
“Oh, really?” Dean turns to look at Cas with an arched brow as he drives.
Cas lets himself sink into that comfort and allows his eyes to slide closed while his mind wanders. The taste of Dean’s lips against his own is everything he thought it would be and this deliberate contact has his stomach roiling at a slow simmer of delight. The warmth that has been building in his heart for weeks is intensified by the excited jitters in his stomach.
“So good for me, Dean,” Cas murmurs between kisses as he trails his way down Dean’s spine. Dean shivers when the wet point of Cas’ tongue traces the divots at the small of his back and he lets out a low whine when the attention suddenly stops. “I want you to relax. Can you do that for me?” Cas asks as he straddles Dean’s hips and settles his weight across Dean’s ass. His warm and slightly rough palms glide over Dean’s sides and shoulders, repeating the circuit until Dean’s ability to think putters to a complete halt.
“Shh, I know,” Cas says as he rests a steadying hand at the small of Dean’s back.
He finally remembers to check his phone as he waits for his espresso machine to fire up and he can’t help the huff of laughter that escapes him as he opens Balthazar’s response to his text last night.
Cas huffs and shakes his head, letting Dean tug him back to his side. “It felt like it at the time.”
to be difficult protests just a little bit louder. “But it’s such a horrible word. Like moist, but worse”
want, Cas? I know Meg wants you out of that life, so do I. But I wanna know what you want.” Dean rests his hands flat on the table, food sitting ignored while he waits for Castiel to answer.
Cas sucks in a deep breath through his nose as he draws back and presses his lips to Dean’s. The earth could start to collapse around him and he probably wouldn’t even notice, not with
word.
Severely.
---Part Seven---
Alfie shakes his head and bites his lip. “What do I do? My parents…” he trails off and buries his head in his hands.
Because of Dean most likely.
The words sound weak even to him. He doesn’t want to go back to the streets, he doesn’t want anyone but Dean to fuck him, but he needs the money. He can’t leech off of Dean like this.
Castiel circles Dean, assessing. “You’re so beautiful” He mutters, watching a light flush creep across Dean’s bare skin with the compliment. “So perfect for me” Castiel reminds Dean of this often but the praise still makes the hunter squirm. He runs light fingers from Dean’s shoulder blades down to the dip of his spine, just above his ass. “Never in my existence had I dared to imagine such perfection. Not until I first laid eyes on your soul. Before I even saw your physical form, I was entranced by your beauty”
Cas hums and wraps his arms around Dean’s back, his hand settling at the dip of Dean’s spine to pull him close.
Dean watches him for a moment, Castiel’s hesitation emboldening him somehow and before he can stop himself, he’s pushing off the mattress and crossing the handful of feet separating them. He chews his lip, staring into Cas’ eyes before giving a curt nod even as his heart hammers wildly. “Please, sir,” he mutters, noting the way Cas’ eyes dilate and darken as the words fall from his lips.
Dean hums and nods against Cas’ stomach, trying to pretend that watching Cas get shot wasn’t the most terrifying thing he’s ever experienced. He’s had this for less than a day and yet he can’t imagine how he ever lived before. He can’t go back to that. “Did you see his face? Even if he doesn’t get convicted, he’s not coming back here.”
Cas can’t help his blush as he smiles without thinking. “Unless I win the lottery.”
Cas turns to Dean with a gentle smile. “But
Cas frowns, trying to remember how to say the word Lilith had thrown at him when she deposited the knife into his pocket. “What.” He swallows thickly. “What is whore?”
As long as Dean keeps his word of not hurting him, he’ll stop fighting until he finds an opportunity to escape.
Dean hurries up to his small apartment to shower and dig something out of his freezer for dinner. He hopes he’s wrong, but deep in his gut, he knows he isn’t.
He was 21 and dumb, Gabe would have laughed at his mistakes and moved on. It just hadn’t seemed like that at the time and now it’s too late.
“If I’m amenable?” Dean arches an amused brow and shakes his head, scent bursting with sticky sweetness. “You are such a dork.”
Yeah, Cas is going to wait to broach that topic.
That will have to be enough for now.
“I’ll go,” Gabe cuts in, bless him. Somehow, he always seems to be able to read Cas a little too well and for once, Cas isn’t going to complain.
Cas is pleased to notice Lilith’s continued absence. After her most recent attack on Castiel’s character, Dean had her assigned to less savory duties and Cas cannot find it in himself to be ashamed of his satisfaction.
“Everything alright?” Dean asks with an arched brow as Cas rejoins their circle.
Cas nods as he sinks into the steaming bath, uncaring that Bal surely got an eyeful in the process. He’s too tired to worry and he trusts Balthazar. “Do you think he’ll be okay?”
“Cool!” She cheers, releasing Dean’s hand and darting off before they can say another word.
He’d rather have Meg healthy and not have to worry about what happens next.
She nods earnestly. “I’m sure. Take your time with your boyfriend. Enjoy yourself.”
Cas sighs, hoping their afternoon out has been ruined, and more than that, hoping no one causes problems for Dean.
Tears prickle in the corners of his eyes and his stomach lurches with fear and self-loathing.
Dean closes his eyes and prays to whatever deity might be listening that Cas responds, but no message is forthcoming and after a few minutes, Dean tucks his phone back into his pocket and gets back to work.
“Yes. I did. But, before I was afraid you only wanted it because of your struggles with your own self-worth. I could not understand why you would want to be used like that” Cas speaks softly but Dean still stiffens in his arms. They’ve gone in circle about Dean’s self esteem issues and now is not the time to go down that road once again. “But then I started reading about kinks and I think I understand now” Cas strokes his fingers up and down Dean’s back but the hunter doesn’t relax. Cas goes on as if oblivious to the thin ice he’s begun to skate. “Your reaction to my dominance proved to me how wrong I was to deny your wishes for so long. I promise to be more open to your desires in the future”
“It’s not too late right now, don’t you think?” Cas asks with a pleased little smile that has Dean feeling braver.
Cas must know that those perfectly blue eyes are a drug that he is powerless to resist. He’s drawn into that deep gaze and pinned in place to be examined. Dean is certain that his entire soul is on display for Cas’ inspection.
Castiel brandishes a heavy wooden paddle as a weapon as if a cooking implement could save him from the sharp edge of Dean’s sword.
Dean shakes his head as he snatches the bags from Cas’ hand. “You’re a stubborn ass, you know that, right?”
Cas shakes his head and clears his throat, finally blinking open his eyes to take in the breathtaking view of the bay and the famous bridge that comes with it. “You’re not,” Cas trails off and shakes his head again. “It’s not you, Dean.”
After all, they’ve both finally learned that they deserve good things, and fighting for them is entirely worth the struggle.
Kinks Explored: Rimming, outdoor sex
Dean huffs through his nose. “Right. Sorry. I’m supposed to be cheering you up, not dragging up old shit.”
Dean lets out a heavy sigh as he dresses in his nicer clothes. Their trial will be short and since they are women, their punishment will likely be banishment.
Alfie nods and shoulders his bag as he gives Cas a watery smile. “Thanks. See you Friday.”
Wear his very wet robes, steal some of Dean’s clothes, or be caught half bare.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas puts on the offered glasses, noticing they’re almost identical to the ones Dean wears and follows the two men out the door. The hall has been mostly cleared of everyone outside of the staff and Garth is waiting just outside the back door.
Dean grins happily as he quickly rolls the joint and hands it to Sam with a proud gleam in his eye. “Still got it.”
Cas yelps when Dean twists his wrist just so and squeezes the head of his cock just right. His skin is flushed with sweat beginning to bead across his brow but he smiles in triumph when he finally gains access to his goal.
“Then we’ll do something else” Dean offers, already bracing for another stinging slap. “You choose”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But that’s absurd! It’s perfectly legal for me to have them, I checked the ordinances!” Cas protests and Dean has to shush him when those damn purple flowers start coming back.
Cas had mentioned, in the quiet shadows of Dean’s bed, that Ezekiel was quite taken with Dean’s distant cousin and wished to marry her but was hesitant to approach Jarl Samuel. He’s been waiting for a chance to speak with Ezekiel about his intentions, but the moment hadn’t arisen until now.
“Inside. Now” Dean grits, narrowing his eyes and daring Cas to disagree.
Cas huffs and shakes his head as he glares at himself over Dean’s shoulder.
Sam sighs deeply and looks to where is Azazel being kept away from his brother by several other men and the monks watch the scene unfold with terror etched in their features. They continually glance to Castiel, wary of the attention Dean is paying him.
He nods anyway, barely risking a glance into Dean’s gaze. “I need to go home.”
By the time their soda is gone and Dean’s driven them home, he’s all but forgotten Cas’ sudden mood change. They dig Cas’ suitcase out from the cavernous truck of his Continental and take turns in the shower before brushing their teeth side by side.
Dean laughs with a shake of his head and steps forward with his hand outstretched. “I’m Dean,” He says as Balthazar takes his hand.
Missy grins and punches his arm playfully. “So, you heard my news. You got anything good going on?” She looks at him expectantly and he can’t help the slow grin that creeps over his lips around the straw in his mouth.
“You done already?” Bobby looks up from his paperwork with an arched brow.
Cas gasps and Dean moans wantonly as they get settled, Cas’s knot tugging on Dean’s rim, making him spasm and milk Castiel’s cock for just a little bit more.
“Dean?” Cas inches into Dean’s living room almost a week and a half after
The sound of a chair scraping the floor and Dean’s voice apologizing to his father sounds distant to Cas’ ears and the rough hands pushing Castiel back barely register. Cas is blind to it all, his gaze fixated on the mess he made.
“Grapefruit juice, blood orange juice, and white sparkling grape juice along with an herb and citrus-infused simple syrup to balance for sweetness,” Teddy explains excitedly while Dean looks on with growing horror.
As the words leave his mouth, Gabriel is shoved from the longhouse in much the same condition as Cas. His sandy brown hair is matted and stained red and his eyes are glazed over and unfocused.
Cas smirks and launches his attack, his pillow catching Dean in the shoulder before he has a chance to defend himself. “Victory.”
Dean nods and narrows his eyes. “Since when do we vote?”
Dean hums again, lips vibrating against Cas’ trembling stomach. “Maybe later,” Dean says, mouthing the words against Cas’ navel before tracing the dip with the tip of his tongue. “Right now I want something else. You wanna give me what I want, Cas?”
“Thank you, Cas,” Sam says, folding his arms over his chest to add strength to the pointed look he gives to Dean.
“No. I want nothing to do with him,” Cas says bluntly. This has been nice, meeting his grandparents but he isn’t certain he wants a relationship with them yet, but he does not want to know the name of the asshole who sent his life careening down the path it took.
“Like what?” Dean isn’t sure if he should be offended or disappointed.
“I ain’t some meek stereotype, Cas. If you wanna be my Alpha, you gotta cut that crap out.” Dean continues and Castiel’s smile grows.
“Lilith hurt you?” Dean says with a hardened tone that has Cas shrinking back.
The fact that Cas is gorgeous, funny, caring, and basically everything Dean has ever looked for in a partner is just a bonus.
Cas can’t help his painfully wide grin when Dean revs the engine as he pulls onto the freeway. Baby roars as she gains speed and the small sea of cars parts around them, respectful of their elder as the sleek black beast merges.
Charlie presses dainty fingers to the center of her chest and mocks offense. “Such language!”
Dean sputters with laughter at the very bird-like offended expression of Castiel’s face at both Sam’s interruption and criticism. “Give me a half hour Sammy, I’ll make breakfast” He manages to straighten enough to get out and Castiel narrows his eyes menacingly at Dean as he clears away the egg carnage from the pan and into the trash.
The bell tinkles overhead when he pushes through the door and Missy turns her attention toward the newest customer, eyes lighting up when they land on him.
Dean hums at the delicious touch and the way Cas lightly scratches his scalp is divine. If Dean were a cat, he’s be purring under Cas’ attention. “I…I belong to you. In every way,” Dean says, swallowing hard around his words.
Cas shakes his head with a sigh. It’s only been a week since he’s seen Dean and they’ve exchanged hundreds of text messages since Dean had to pack up his things and join his band at the next stop on their tour.
“Gross, guys,” Sam scowls and Dean laughs.
Dean sits against a tree facing the monks who huddle together like sheep. His shirt catches on the rough bark of the tree when he shifts, but he finds a slight indent in the truck that cradles him comfortably enough to forgive the hard ground beneath him. Dean watches through the waning firelight as the Christians pass terrified whispers amongst themselves while casting him furtive glances with widened eyes. He doesn’t need to understand their language to understand what they’re feeling right now.
Dean nods, heart racing. He feels silly. This feels silly. A quick drop of this chin shows his cock has deflated but the sense of calm that washes over him gives him the confidence to continue. Maybe this will get better?
Cas squints and tilts his chin which makes Dean snort with laughter.
Cas’ heart stutters, hearing Dean call him his boyfriend sends a tendril of excitement through his gut down to his toes even if Crowley is grinning wolfishly at him.
“Go make my coffee.” Dean points to the door with one hand while holding a soft pair of sweatpants in the other.
Cas rolls his eyes. “You know I wouldn’t miss out on coffee.” He takes a pointed sip as he gets settled. “Thanks for this,” he says as he gestures to the plate in front of him. “You could have gotten me up to help.”
Dean nods. “Anything.”
As if getting in touch with his estranged family isn’t anything at all.
Cas nods. “Yes, Charlemagne gifted one to Pope Leo the third in the year 800.”
“Inias,” Cas says warmly as he opens his arms but keeps a careful watch on Dean as Inias steps into his embrace.
Cas steps forward and he can see the moment when the man decides to approach. He’s tall, taller than Cas, and far more muscled despite his gut. “Anything I can do for you, handsome?” Cas drawls, his tone honey-sweet and sticky.
His reasons for being nervous and keeping some distance between them suddenly seem foolish.
“Okay, okay. I’ll make up some excuse, but please, Cassie. Think about it. Even Michael says he misses you and regrets what happened.”
Cas steps back, somehow knowing that Dean has things he needs to say to Portia and Dean gives him a grateful smile.
“Do you want me? Here?” Casa arches a brow. “Do you want to get on your knees and suck me, while anyone could watch?”
Dean nods and his grip tightens around Cas’s hand, refusing to let him disappear. “Cas, this my Uncle Bobby. Bobby, this Cas.”
“Go away, Sammy,” Dean yells, smile refusing to dim.
“Huh. So like, the exact opposite of you.” Sam rubs his chin thoughtfully and glances toward the house.
Cas smirks. The kid is maybe eighteen. And that is a big maybe. They each have over a decade on him but Cas can appreciate his playfulness.
Cas reaches out to brush a finger along the blade and Dean’s hand darts forward to catch his wrist before either man is aware of the motion. Cas freezes in Dean’s grip and turns his startled blue eyes on him.
“You gonna hang out here?” Dean sits up and presses a kiss to Cas’ cheek.
Cas hums again, leaning close enough to whisper in Dean’s ear. “What you deserve, Dean, is everything.”
“I’m a terrible dancer,” Cas whispers as he pulls back a few inches to meet Dean’s gaze.
“Sorry,” Cas says, pressing his fingertips against his eyes. “I’m such a mess.”
” Dean licks his lips and drops his gaze nervously as red-hot desire flares low in Cas’ belly. “I mean, if you don’t want to, that’s fine, I just really like…”
Eating under Dean’s watchful gaze makes his skin crawl. The way Dean smiles softly and nods every time Castiel deigns to obey him makes Cas want to scream. Being forced to eat something not fit for dogs and then praised for his humiliation causes a sharp ache in his chest where his dignity lives.
Cas falls to his knees next to Dean with wide and worried eyes. “Dean hurt,” Cas says softly, his gentle hands prodding at Dean’s side.
The cushions make his position much more comfortable than the hard floor would be, but Dean still fights the urge to shift and fidget. Holding still has never been his strong suit. The movie plays and he tries to pay attention, he really really does, but his mind wanders and fixates on the slight itch developing behind his left elbow and the dull ache in his hip.
Cas huffs to himself when he considers how deeply he’s come to care for Dean. He’s gone far beyond Dean’s commands.
Dean knows the whole story, and he holds Cas’ hand tightly as he explains that he doesn’t want to taint their memories of their daughter by telling them everything quite yet.
Thankfully, Cas doesn’t take very long and he slides in behind Dean and wraps a strong arm around Dean’s chest and tugs him close.
Their mouths work together and Dean whimpers as his cock continues to protest being neglected. Cas grips Dean’s bare shoulders, helping him balance as he nips a trail down the column of Dean’s throat, licking and sucking away the mess he left until Dean’s skin is once again clean. If used a little bit of his grace, well…no one needs to know besides them.
Cas knows that Dean might run and he’s pressing forward anyway.
Balthazar rolls his eyes and places his hands on his hips. “Of all I said,
“Lame, Winchester,” he grumbles to himself as he tosses his phone onto the cushion next to him.
He doesn’t recognize the number but he’s given his business card to countless students, instructing them to call him if they have any urgent questions so he answers with barely a second thought. “Professor Castiel Novak,” he says into the receiver, opting for his professional title just in case.
Cas chews his lip and nods as he shifts downward, trying to get that one small part of Dean inside him.
He’s been holding down a steady job, has a place to live.
Meg brushes his hair out of his eyes with a wry smile. “I wanna see you go legit, get a real job with an actual paycheck and taxes and all that government shit.”
He smiles and hopes he doesn’t look as stunned as he feels. “Yes, Dean,” he manages to say around the lump of nervous excitement clogging his throat.
“Meg?” Dean grumbles into the phone, slitting one eye open to glare at his clock. The silence on the other end of the line is foreboding and he elbows his way to sitting. With sheets pooled around his waist, he swings his legs over the side of the bed and turns on his lamp when Meg’s wracking coughs come over the line.
Truthfully, Dean is probably the one he is least annoyed with. The only one who doesn’t waste his time posturing and trying to deflect the blame of a failed operation.
“Please Cas, I wanna try” Dean steps forward, taking Cas’ jaw in his open palms to force Cas to meet his eyes. “I wanna try for you”
“He tried to hurt her,” Cas says as he holds his palms open and his knife clatters to the floor. “He had a gun.” Cas swallows hard as he risks a glance at the bloodied corpse on the floor next to them.
Rachel nods. “After the accident, the doctors said we were lucky we didn’t lose all three of you.”
Inias gently rests his hand on Cas’ arm to gain his friend’s attention and Dean’s eyes narrow possessively until Inias waves in Dean’s general direction.
Dean barks a laugh and grins widely. “Oh yeah. I’d always kick Sammy’s ass. I’m undefeated, you know.” He bumps their shoulders together just as Sarah returns to take their orders.
Dean had been more than happy to put a silver bullet through that shifter’s heart as she seductively stroked her crimson painted nails over Cas’ chest. Dean’s only lament is the fine spray of blood, nearly a mist, that mars Cas’ perfect white shirt.
Just, probably not this.
James continues, explaining the simple knot and slowly making a chain with them before having Cas step in and try.
“Why, hello, handsome,” Meg says as she pulls open the door just as Cas reaches her. Her voice is low and husky and her grin salacious as she ushers Dean inside.
“Well, how about we get out of here and you can be just another guy shooting laser guns in the dark?” Cas suggests with a smirk, only to see Dean’s eyes light up with child-like glee.
“You can” Castiel voices his undying faith in the hunter and keeps going. His thrusts remain steady and Dean twitches each time his palm rubs against the head of Dean’s half hard cock. “You can” He repeats like a mantra.
Dean beats him to it. “Here.” He snags Cas’s phone off the dresser and hands it over. The tent at the front of his pants makes Cas want to murder his brother through the phone line but he opts to decline the call instead.
Samuel frowns and nods before turning a critical eye to Dean. “Do you agree with your brother’s opinion? Are you willing to take this monk for your own?” Samuel asks with an arched brow and careless wave to Castiel.
Dean flexes his hips, grinding up against Castiel and relishing the tight squeeze around his cock. His eyes scan the broad expanse of lean muscle, trailing up across his firm stomach and toned chest, admiring that single freckle at the edge of pert nipple before his eyes finally skim over Cas’ perfectly muscled shoulders and finally, finally, that chiseled jaw and those fierce blue eyes. How did Dean ever get so lucky to draw this Angel’s attention?
Cas gives him a small smile. “You wearing my collar is a promise, Dean. A promise to not only obey me but also a promise of trust. I don’t want you to wear it unless you are willing to put all of yourself in my hands. No being a brat, no arguing.” Cas shakes his head to make his point. “I need you to trust me to take care of you, all of you, whether you think you like it or not.”
He chased them off once, he might not be so lucky if they come prepared.
“Waffle cone?” Cas looks to Dean for confirmation and the man nods despite his dramatic eyeroll.
Dean shrugs. “Ten years then, but we’ve only been doing this for a few weeks.”
A pleased smile spreads across Dean’s features. “Yes, salve. Put on now,” Dean says slowly, taking the time to enunciate each word.
Happy Thursday! I hope everyone is having a good week. I don't have any content warnings for you this week beyond some very minor violence and uncomfortable discussions regarding what Alastair did to Cas and the consequences of such.
His stomach quivers, impatiently wanting to recreate that memory even though a mere eight hours have passed. He quirks a smile as businesses give way to houses outside the window, and then the houses start drifting farther and farther apart. When he closes his eyes, he can still see the way Dean’s eyes had grown dark when Cas had climbed over him and his sharp little gasps still ring in his ears.
Dean’s eyes sparkle in the low light of the room as they watch each other, and Cas can’t resist swooping down when Dean tilts his head back against the pillows to nip and suck at the long column of his throat as Dean spills between them.
His Dad told him that it’s perfectly normal and okay to be nervous right now and Dean is going to cling to that advice with everything he has.
Dean quickly resumes his task, pulling the head of Castiel’s cock deep into his mouth as his lips wrap tightly around the shaft. He begs Cas though prayer to help with his gag reflex again, needing to feel that thick length stretching his throat and cutting off his air with his hands bound behind him. The thought sends a shiver up his spine as he takes as much Castiel’s cock into his mouth as he can but it isn’t enough for his liking. The thought of choking and sputtering in a room full people makes his skin crawl. He wants to be good for Cas, he...wants people to see how good he is for his Angel.
“You wanted to talk?” Dean asks, drawing his bottom lip between his teeth as he pushes off the door to close the distance between them.
He was supposed to be inside ten minutes ago.
Sam leans forward, careful to keep his tone down. “Well, it isn’t like you ever gave us much of a chance.” He fixes Dean with the same arched browed stare that he perfected in his teen years and Dean shakes his head in mock annoyance. “So anyway, what happened with Cas?”
“So, you’ve never had tapas,” Cas says conversationally as Dean starts the engine.
“Inias was the Senator, right?” Meg asks, barely sparing Cas a glance as he leaves the room.
Dean nods and sucks in a breath through his nose. “I came out of the closet years ago, I don’t want to have to keep my boyfriend in one.”
“I can’t, Cas,” Dean mutters, afraid to break the spell between them and discover what comes next.
The weather is a little warm for the tattered leather, but it’s comfortable and he can trick himself into feeling invisible when he hunches his shoulders and hurries onward.
“Good.” Mills offers a small smile as she writes in her notebook. “Self-employed, got it.” She takes a moment to flip through the pages. “Alright. I think that’s all I need. Do you have someone you can call?”
Perhaps he should forgo the blockers. Just once to see Dean’s reaction and discover if Dean could feel for him what he feels for the man bent against his desk.
Cas goes reluctantly but melts when Dean wraps a strong arm around his stomach to draw Cas’ back tight against his chest and Dean nuzzles his nose in the crook Cas’ neck with a pleased sigh.
Dean sighs, buzzing his lips as the air rushes out and he shakes his head against the pillow. “Benny won’t go away until he’s talked to us.”
Cas seems to be waiting for Dean to continue speaking. His blue eyes narrow and his brows furrow in a way that Dean has come to associate with insecurity.
“Why don’t you ever mow?” Dean blurts out the question that has plagued him since Cas bought the house next door. “All these weeds, this is a mess.”
Her pout of disappointment quickly turns into a pleased smirk. “You clean up well,” she says appraisingly as she scans him from head to toe.
Dean’s outburst still has Castiel’s heart hammering wildly and he knows to reject this meager portion would likely bring a resurgence of Dean’s anger. He pinches a frown but nods before turning his back to Dean to gain as much privacy as possible on the open-topped boat. Their scuffle has drawn everyone’s attention, even those on the other boats and Castiel’s cheeks heat with embarrassment.
Dean groans but he drags himself from the bed while Cas turns to find something decent to wear around Dean’s parents. “You’re no fun.” Dean pouts but Cas can still hear the smile in his voice.
The barista, bless her, zips to the machines to get his drink going without taking his payment first.
They traverse the narrow, cobblestone, streets and several times more, Cas walks straight into traffic to cross the street. Dean hesitates and finds himself on the receiving end of angry honks that has him running to catch up to Cas and Sam.
“Of course” Castiel is all too happy to mojo Dean clean as he pulls Dean’s back to his chest.
Cas hisses in pain but refuses to let go as Dean attempts to pull him away and force Castiel to loosen his grip.
Dean defies many of the things that Cas had been taught of the Norsemen.
Cas’ gaze flits between his brothers and his brow arches in confusion at Inias’ suddenly harsh tone. Alfie merely rolls his eyes with a shrug.
“I believe you have your answer, Samsquatch.” Gabriel places his hands on his hips and fixes Sam with a glare that could melt a lesser man.
“I challenge you in single combat, Asmodeus. You are not the rightful leader of our people and I will not stand by while you steal the Jarldom,” Dean says flatly, loud enough for all to hear.
Dean’s stomach quivers at Cas’ words, the heat that’s has been slowly simmering low in his gut begins to burn brighter, drawing a drawn-out whimper from him when Cas’ hands pull Dean’s together behind his back.
Cas gives a jerky nod and licks his lips nervously as he pointedly turns his chin toward the bay. “Whenever you’re ready.”
“Dean!” Cas nearly shouts when he notices Dean’s attention. “The road!”
Cas grins and draws Dean in for a messy kiss, the kind that makes Dean’s knees tremble and his vision darkens around the edges as his head swims. Cas’ kiss is all-consuming and Dean very nearly forgets about the ropes binding him until he tries to move his arms.
Five minutes later, they’re sitting hip to hip on Dean’s leather sofa, eating out of the delivery containers with Dr. Sexy playing in the background.
His vegetables ripen on the vine and threaten to rot where they lay because Dean is too chicken-shit to risk facing Cas and every day, Dean hates himself a little bit more for his cowardice.
“Inias,” Castiel answers quickly to Dean before looking to Sam. “Please, he was only trying to protect me,” Cas continues with a frantic tone. “He means no harm.”
Cas grins, all teeth and downright predatory as he stalks toward Dean.
Dean cries out and his fingers grapple against the smooth wood, seeking out some sort of hold as his boots start to slide on the carpet. “Fuck, Cas, don’t stop,” Dean moans, each word punctuated by the pounding of Castiel’s cock deep inside him.
. Cas watches as Dean fetches a large yet shallow bowl and fills it with water from the large basin next to the fireplace.
Dean leads them inside without another word and Cas is careful to strike a balance between submissive and willful as Dean pulls him through the long hall toward an area Cas has yet to see.
His cock lays against his belly, hard and waiting as he spreads his knees to invite Cas closer while he grins lazily up at the man.
He pulls off his seatbelt and throws himself from the car with his keys already in hand as Cas follows quietly behind.
Cas tilts his head and swallows hard, trying to remember what Dean had told him they were doing before they left. “Uh, anytime, sir. I think Dean will be doing most of the driving while I’m here so… I appreciate you looking at my car.” And Cas is. John’s insistence to inspect his car has Cas’ heart clenching tight with immediate affection for the man. He’s never had someone do something so fatherly for him.
A way to convince Cas that he’s worth the effort.
Home. He needs to go home and get ready for a proper date. And drink coffee. Lots of coffee.
Cas swallows hard and relays what he heard to Sam. Sam’s expression darkens as he listens and Gabriel arches a curious brow.
Dean shrugs. “There wasn’t any yelling.”
She shrugs with a smile. “He impressed me in the interview. It isn’t often we get applications from people over eighteen who don’t have a criminal record.”
If you don't mind, carry on and avoid potential spoilers.
They drift closer until barely an inch remains and Dean can feel Cas’ warmth tempting him closer. “Cas,” he breathes, wanting little more than to close the distance between them.
Dean’s thoughts stew and his rage simmers as they’re marched through the village. Curious eyes look upon them and several men and women give Dean firm nods that promise support if he can create an opportunity.
“You two are disgusting,” Crowley interjects, making a sour face but his eyes are warm. “So you met for coffee. How long ago was that?”
He hates his neighbor, but that doesn’t mean he has any ill feelings toward Cas’ new charges.
He leans closer to Dean and shakes his head. “Well, you started it,” Cas whispers, close enough for his warm breath to tickle the shell of Dean’s ear.
Cas pinches a frown but nods. He is as okay as he can be, considering the circumstances.
Dean really does know the way to his heart already.
Dean is certain he’s never been happier. Now, if only he could figure out this thing with Cas, life would be pretty damn amazing.
Cas gives him another one of those soft smiles that makes the corners of his eyes crinkle and Dean thinks he might absolutely die before this meal is over.
“Good,” Charlie says before launching into the details of the NDA.
don’t pout and pester their brothers when they can’t find their boyfriends. They do the mature thing and
Cas nods against Dean’s gentle hold. “Please.” By some miracle, he manages to not whimper as the space between them disappears and suddenly Dean’s lips are on his, warm and soft and perfect.
“Then let's go, big boy,” Cas simpers as he closes the distance between them and runs his fingers up Mick’s chest until they’re toying with the top button of his crisp collared shirt.
“We’ll see how the media and fans take to you, we might have to get you some security.” Dean stops and turns to face him. “I know this isn’t the time or the place, but I’d like it if you’d let my guys install a security system in your apartment.”
Anger rises in him as his home disappears and he wants to scream and rage at the unfairness of it all. He glances around to his brothers to find their expressions mirror his own and Cas’ jaw clenches with anger.
“Mrs. Winchester,” Cas says, finally stepping forward. “I have been dreaming of a past life with your son since the day I turned six years old. The day we met in that life. I can assure you; our dreams were very real.”
“Up. Cas, up” Dean urges as he grips Castiel’s elbow and pulls. Cas goes clumsily and clenches his eyes, he doesn’t have the will to disobey this simple command but his limbs barely respond to his attempt to obey. His entire body screams in protest and Dean holds him tight in his refusal to allow Cas to sink back to the floor.
“He talked about you all the time,” Sam says, looking straight at Cas. “I, I can’t believe this is real.” Sam shakes his head in disbelief before looking down at his drink with a furrowed brow before taking a sip. He coughs a little and looks to Dean with narrowed eyes. “What is this?”
He lets out a sigh, buzzing his lips together as his eyes slide closed.
A sudden scream and struggle from the front of the longhouse has Asmodeus glancing away and Dean reacts before his mind catches up to his actions.
Everything else can wait.
Cas nods and his smirk blooms into a smile.
A way to escape.
“I’m so embarrassed.” Cas groans, burying his face against Dean’s bare chest.
“I missed you too, kiddo,” Gabriel says, voice clogged with emotion. He finally pulls back and wipes his eyes with his sleeves. “You look like shit.”
Cas remains pinned between Dean and the cool wall behind him as sweat beads along his brow. “Dean” He croaks, tipping his forehead to lean against his lover’s as he tugs at the chains holding him aloft; ready to be let down. The sigils and cuffs are dragging at his grace and he’s just so
“Right. Yeah. B14, Eight o’clock” Dean swallows thickly, trying to put together a coherent thought. “Should I bring anything?” He finally manages to croak, terrified that Cas will say yes.
Dean barks a laugh, eyes lighting with disbelieving mirth as he shakes his head. “Me too, buddy” Dean knits their fingers together and tugs Cas from the room.
Cas takes a deep breath and lets it out with a sigh as he joins Alfie at the basin of water. He picks up a rag and takes over scrubbing the dishes while Alfie carefully dries them. “I fear Samandriel is closer to the truth then I would prefer to admit.” He swallows hard around his next words when he sees the way Inias’ shoulders tense. “I have been feeling strange about Dean lately and I know not what to make of my growing fondness for the man.”
“No.”
He pointed to me. “If I recall…you were the one that screamed like a bitch in that wood factory over a harmless cat. And then said it was scary.”
“No. Are you?” He smirked.
“Oh, it’ll be a piece of cake for me. But you’ll be buying the beer and pie for the next month.”
“Thank you. I’ll see you soon honey.”
I let go of the shirt, slightly smoothing the material. “No. Hate them.”
“I’d love to Dean.”
“I am not afraid Sammy.”
“I don’t know how you managed all this in thirty steps.”
Well, caretaker Dean is no one to mess with. I had learned that the first time I got sick after meeting him. So, I stood still as he removed the outer layer of clothes and then inspected the second one to make sure they were dry, checking every inch.
I got myself cleaned up first; who knows maybe someone terrified will turn to me for some comfort. That meant I couldn’t smell like I hadn’t showered in days. Sammy was reading a book when I left and I was sure he’d be watching later on. I took Baby with me as always.
“Maybe…Sorry if I hurt you.”
Dean and I have been together for over a year, celebrating that on Halloween without the haunted houses this time! The last year had been amazing and yet very revealing for me as I learned what Dean did as far as work.
“I…Uh…I’m sorry about this.”
“Believe me, there are worst things out there that what is within these walls.”
Benny, Ash, Adam And Michael welcomed them with bro hugs and taps on the backs. Their beers were immediately ordered and they took their seats. From where he sat, he was able to see the occupied table in front of them and the bar. His eyes were drawn to the two figures occupying the table in front of theirs- a red head in a black polka dot, body hugging dress and….a man whose back was facing them.
Anna didn’t seem fazed. She just crossed her arms along her chest, jutting her hip out to the side, face scrunched up in annoyance, “oh please Dean! Spare me the lecture! The council has given me full authority to stay under your roof and have your pups, so I am going to enter this house as your second omega mate”.
Dean smiled one of his lopsided- cheeky grins. “Hey Cas”.
…..just like
Dean used the opportunity to thread his fingers into the dark hairs at the nape of Castiel's head, nudging the man into him, landing a solid, deep kiss onto his lovers eagerly compliant and hungry mouth. Both losing themselves in the addictive tastes of one another, soon moaning into each others mouths as their tongues danced in sweet embrace.
He didn’t know. But, he knew that there was a connection between Cas and he….at the most awkward of times. And, everything seemed to be happening so quick. Quicker than he’s ever had a reaction to anyone before.
She turned to face the bigger wolf,
He wanted to say ‘
He finally came to realization that this wasn’t a dream. This was all real as the fresh lavender scented air he was breathing in.
His ears flickered back and forth, as if a fly was trying to bother it. He snorted when he found it was Dean trying to playfully nip on the tips of his ears. He rolled his eyes as the alpha chuckled, lifting his head (out of his snuggly hiding place in Dean’s furry black chest) and, shooting Dean annoyed eyes filled with humor. This only made the alpha laugh louder, but, soon, he was the one laughing, when he caught the alpha off guard, by licking a strip up the alphas nose and snout.
Well that kind of reassured him.
He nodded, again feeling so much more enlightened. He picked up his beer bottle and raised it before him, “I’ll drink to that, Red”.
The white wolf looked somewhat saddened by how Dean moved back, further away from him. All the white wolf did was nod and turn to leave. Deep inside, Castiel felt he was given an order by an important alpha….in his life….an Omega always obeyed the demands….of its true mate.
schools bad boy, Dean Winchester.
Lisa wasn’t going to just stomp out of here without demanding some answers though. She folded her arms along her chest, eyes narrowed at Dean, lips trembling with anger, “Why!? I have been nothing but a loyal girlfriend to you, Dean!”
Cas voice was deeper and rougher, replying, “what Dean?” The man looked so adorable all dazed up.
Now the idea of that stung. What if that were the case and he wasn’t just that good looking. All the treatment he had received from his peers and other wolves throughout the years spoke for itself.
This is a much shorter chapter than the rest, but it captures a very important moment for Destiel.
“Be nice, Dean”, Ellen warned before she walked towards the living room.
to sleep; peering through his thin, moth eaten covers, he watched as Dean and Anna slowly ravaged each other.
gowns. It only spoke of how society chose to display omegas as
Before Sam could answer, Dean did in a raspy voice, “Apple pie.”
He took a sip of his hot chocolate to busy himself.
He again heard the purring chesty rumble of his alpha. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes at his own wolfs enthusiasm. All he focused on was how happy he was to be given the opportunity to keep his omega warm, comforted and safe while they slept. He nodded, “Ok then sweetheart, hop in.”
He didn’t want to spoil his mood first thing in the morning.
Now, the omegas biggest fear was that Dean would leave him for someone else. Someone like the gorgeous Lisa Braeden, who seemed to be popping by the house quite often nowadays.
. Somehow, while Bal was sucking hickeys into his neck, as he turned his head to the side to give his alpha more room to explore, his eyes fell onto his window. He caught a peculiar sight- his old Blue Jay friend was flapping its wings wildly, pecking at the glass.
“Not so fast, Milton!” Dean came to stand in front of his mother and mate.
Samuel saw a man in a suit and brown trench coat heading towards him.
He watched Dean’s adam’s apple bob. The man was red in the ears when he replied in a deeper tone, “Yeah I’ll teach you, Cas”.
Chuck Milton nodded and slipped on his flute of champaign. “Yup. A disgrace to our pure bloodline and kind. The tainted spawn of a human and wolf.”
He sounded like a man, he was firm like a man, but, he was mounted like any other woman.
And by the gentle hum Sammy made, he was certain his brother smelled the same heavenly scent too.
Dean still loved him then, holding him close and keeping him safe.
a beautiful man!
Let me know what you think!🙂
Well, do they meet?
Gabriel always got worried when Castiel got reckless. The younger vamp was clearly showing his
Again, maybe he was overthinking or over analyzing. He thought he saw the corner of Dean’s lip quirk up in a barely there smile. He quickly averted the mans intense grass green eyes, that looked almost deep sea green in this lighting. Meanwhile, Dean apologized, “Sorry, for the mix up, Cas”.
I however, always promise that I will complete all my fics. I’m working on them a little slower than usual but I will make sure it has a proper ending.
This time it was Dean’s turn to securely keep his omega by his side as he could sense Castiel becoming pissed- which was a whole new Castiel for him to be honest.
Dean couldn’t resist, flipping Cas onto his back and entering his omegas tight wet hole with one swift thrust. Their moans and groans filled the little barn, carrying out into the early morning skies.
“I’m here to take the halfbreed back with me, Omega!” Chuck said with no respect, whatsoever.
Dad didn’t mince his words and acknowledged the truth. “Yes, Dean. You shouldn’t have said that to Cas…….. But, those words are already out there and honestly, we all do make mistakes in the heat of the moment. It is done. Now, you have to look within your heart, and ask yourself, what do you do from here on out?”
He held his omega steady against him, laying a kiss atop the omegas head. This was perfect and he felt so complete in this moment. He fell asleep to Cas whispering sleepily, “Thank you, Dean.”
So, he decided to charm the man by admitting how his eyes were like ‘
!” Cas jabbed a finger on his chest when he said ‘
And so they did. He pulled out of the hug and checked out his friend. She wore a black and white body hugging, mid thigh length, v necked polka dot dress, with matching black pencil heels. “Wow! You look hot, Red!”
Castiel knew what Michael was playing at. Without a bite mark, over a prolonged period of time, Dean could become vulnerable. He briefly met his omegas green curious eyes, instantly hearing Dean telepathically reach out to him, saying, “In a month”.
He finally responded to Charlie’s suspicions, “yes, Red. It’s Dean Winchester. He’s working at Mr. Singers as a mechanic”.
words every once in a while- like teenaged puppy lovers would, yet, we always yelled out ‘
give in to the pull of their bond.
He still remembered that night, 18 year old Prince Dean visited his family’s cottage. Well, more so, took shelter from a sweltering storm. He was only 10 at the time and remembered being thrilled at seeing royalty in his home. And he felt, at first instances, his heart was won by the handsomeness, charm and strength of the alpha prince.
He chuckled as he remembered that searching blue eyes aimed up at him- wet and shiny- with sadness and awe.
Both the boys did as their father requested- looking both highly nervous, shy and afraid. John only shot the boys a soft fatherly smile, full of warmth, protection and pride. The alpha said something that made the boys eyes widen slightly. Those words were, “its ok.”
Like the first time, this kiss was sweet. The only difference now, is that there was more exploring. Dean promised to teach his boyfriend the art of kissing- and the next step was introducing some tongue.
'. She told him to allow his alpha the time and space to grieve appropriately and in his own way.
Castiel sucked Dean’s bottom lip between his own, feeling the pleasant electricity flow through that act. Again, his hole throbbed hard around his alphas still hard cock. Both unable to hold back on grinding into each other. This time, Dean’s knot grew thicker inside his omegas hole, cock spurting out more streams of cum into the drenched omega. Castiel released Dean’s lip, throwing his head back and howling at how good it felt to be filled so full. “Mmm. Oh Dean! Yes! More!...Please give me more!”
Cas looked at him with stars in his eyes, smiling so happily. The man cupped his cheek lightly, “Well, that’s great news, Dean”.
Dean was fuming and growled. He was going to head towards the disrespecting omega and was thinking of tossing her outside his home when he felt his husbands soft hands grab onto his, halting him in his footsteps. Then, Castiel stepped to his side, meeting his eyes with a much more alert and livened yet calm look.  “It’s ok Dean”.
The alpha was respectful and decent.
There was something he needed to do, before accompanying Dean and Cas to Novak pack lands today.
Dean breathed hard into his neck, bracing against the wall. “Damn baby, now we got cum all over the front of our pants”.
Cas cooking was out of this word-
It wasn’t long when they reached the mouth of a cave. It wasn’t really big. Maybe 3 meters in height and 4 meters wide. It was neither dark nor bright- but it looked good enough for any wolf to walk through with their heightened visions (humans probably would need torches). The cave was in the side of a small hill covered with trees and leaves. They stopped in their tracks and watched as the blue jay flew straight into the cave- echoes of its chirps bouncing out. He once again looked at Dean with a hint of hesitation.
The alpha turned to glare at Chuck, voice stern as he said, “I am willing to give Castiel a chance.”
All he felt was pleasurable tingles rattle his entire being (from head to toe), his
Let’s see what happens....
He positioned his hands just atop Cas hands at the base of the cue stick and he mimicked the position of the index finger and thumb at the top of the cue stick. Cas hands and fingers were so warm in his.
Dean started gathering all the pool balls, crouching down and picking up the fully colored ball-
Everyone forgot about Gabriel who just studied him on the side quietly. He knew that his brother was going to ask him questions later if he suspected something, Gabe was smart that way. Well ask away, since he was more preoccupied with John’s words.
As for him, he was more bold in nature- not to a suicidal extent though. He liked to spend most of his evenings till 7pm at the local library. Then, he would gather his favorite books, load them into his bag back and take a slow walk home- only a block away from the library. He mostly avoided turning his head to peer at the passing cluster of trees along the way- that way he wouldn’t feel so paranoid and agitated. However, he would fasten his pace when he heard twigs break under the weight of something- all along reminding himself that no harm could come to him- a forest wolf wouldn’t dare harm townsfolk.
He sulked the first time he made his way over to the town, to catch a first glimpse of his betrothed. But, that upside down frown turned into a giant wolf smile- purring out loud as his alpha wolf finally found its true half that night. From then on, he looked forward to one day having the blue eyed omega by his side.
. He carefully lifted his gaze, to finally settle on those softened smiling green eyes, hoping Dean could hear his thoughts as he uttered in such fondness, '
Sex was a Lycan and vampire addiction, apart from tearing people to pieces and draining people of blood. The vampire and lycan were now frotting slow and good.
Ellen walked back into the kitchen, “I think you should go get your paperwork done, son. The sooner the better”. She raised a brow at him, “And, be nice to Castiel”.
Missouri tapped his cheek lightly, “Good things are coming, Castiel. Maybe it starts off painful, but, it gets better. And, Jimmy has always been by your side and in your heart. His memory lives on in you. Don’t you ever forget that”.
“Cas, you can survive. Omegas tend to have a lot more will power than alphas”. He uttered with a soft smile, but inside his heart was breaking when he saw how Castiel shook his head- choosing not to listen.
He knew that this must be Sam and Dean’s parents.
in his black long sleeved Henley, dark blue jeans and black boots.
Deep breaths and mental self talks usually calmed him down. He would swallow the lump in his throat and lay his head gently back against the top edge of the headboard whenever the door to their bathroom closed shut behind Cas. He stared up at the ceiling, sighing, “Get a hold of yourself, Dean. This is not the time to be getting all hot about the sexy omega in your room.”
The only person that kept him safe was his twin brother. It’s like Jimmy had robbed him of his developing confidence, when he passed.
“Sure Sam. I would be delighted to meet your big brother.”
Not even his fashion choice would turn heads. Well, Charlie’s choice more so.
He stood outside Cas door, took a deep breath before he rapped his knuckles lightly on the white painted, wooden door. It wasn’t long before the door opened, so silently, to reveal those big blue eyes that belonged to the surprisingly timid looking omega in Banana in Pajamas themed PJ’s. He chewed on his bottom lip, shuffling his feet on the floor, eyes focused anywhere apart from directly meeting Cas blue ones. He said, “Um, hey Cas.”
Before he could finish his sentence, Anna pushed herself up from the floor and spat out, “You will what, Dean!? Hmm!? You can’t do shit to me!”
Ellen proceeded to give John a hug before she stepped back and eyed them with curiosity, “So what brings three Winchester’s to the councils doors so early in the day?”
And just like that, the Winchester’s accepted Castiel wholeheartedly.
He couldn’t help but feel a little boldness grow within him and maybe a little coyness- whereby he had no idea where it came from. He asked quietly, eyes searching the alphas, “And, have you found this omega tonight?”
The last thing he wanted was for sweet Sam to be pulled into the middle of this all. So, he pushed down all his frustration and grabbed a hold of his big brothers arm, “Gabe let’s just go.” He turned to Sam, “He will get in touch with you soon, Sam. I promise. Do not worry, ok.”
The erotic sounds of skin slapping against skin could be heard getting louder. Both losing themselves into their building passion as they neared their very strong orgasms. The bed creaked hard beneath their bouncing weight and the headboard smack hard against the dented walls. They shared breathless, wet kisses and bites as they worked themselves into each other hard and rough, until finally with guttural cries, they reach their orgasms.
He saw amusement in Dean’s eyes. The alpha looked like he had spotted a prey. And that made him hot under his old nightgown- again felt himself leaking. In his mind, all he could think was ‘
They were both seated side by side on the long sofa, facing both Mary and John. There was a little
Let me know what you think?🙂
Castiel felt the anger draining out of him. Dean had a point. A war between the two species would likely start from his family or because of any harm that comes to his family. The Novak’s were of more importance than the Milton’s. He stepped back and released the hold on his lovers lapels. He watched as Dean sucked in deep breaths, before meeting his eyes. Castiel folded his arms along his chest, “Now what, hmm? Because, I don’t want to keep this from your father, Dean. I’m sure he can make an exception for our love!”
“What?”
Buried in the furs of alpha Dean.
Dean always looked apologetic whenever he realized that he was basically overstepping his boundaries- which made him huff out in annoyance.
Dean rolled his eyes, “Fuck off, Luci!”
He was 36 years old and still unmated. This was by choice though and he was so far happy.
“That’s what I wanted to tell you today, but, you got all handsy, and not in the nice way!”
He knew in his heart, what this was.
He stood there stunned for a while and maybe feeling a little bad. But, when he heard a nearby customer saying, ‘
I hope you enjoy!🙂
Missouri was seen grooming a few rose stems, getting all those thorns off. She lifted her head and peered in  the direction of the front door, the instant the bell jingled overhead. Her eyes lit up and her smile only reflected her motherly warmth. “Oh good morning sweetheart. You are certainly a sight to behold, first thing in the mornings”. She abandoned her grooming and walked towards the white roses. “So, another 18 white roses, today?”
And that damn beautiful car parked outside was the same one that picked Jimmy up from home.
he felt in his heart, increased tenfold. It took over him, from head to toe, making his alpha unashamedly whine inside him. He watched with a completely torn expression and an unnamed miserable feeling in his chest, as Cas practically scooted away, as if trying to escape from the entire family.
There were cabins set up under the massive trees, each held a chimney. There were flowerbeds, footpaths, and assorted fruit trees here and there. And the most heartwarming sight of all was the sight of little pups, in their black wolf forms yipping here and there, playing around, scuffling, while their very human formed parents, in clothes, watched on in hearty laughter.
’ for Dean Winchester- before Dean even started dating Jimmy.
to find its mate. So, without further thought, and, with excitement all around, he ran after his omega.
Gabe almost choked on the pie he was chewing on. He cleared his throat and thumbed towards the kitchen, “Um- I need to- um get to baking more pie!”
John and Michael smiled. The Novak and Winchester Pack were finally one and family for life.
These quick shifts in between moods was making him concerned for his husband. He felt Castiel’s words shake him to the very core as his mate said in an icy tone with a stoic dangerous look, “Oh try me, Anna. I’m a changed omega and I will protect my family at all costs. I’m done with all your shit!”
He couldn’t contain his toothy smile, “I would love to try one of your home cooked meals, someday, Cas”.
He furrowed his brow, “Winchester wolves?”
There were sounds of agreement from alphas and omegas around them. Most of them were on Chucks side and that only broke his heart further. He still stood his ground and trembled out in a voice filled with emotion, “Castiel is a good person with a good heart. No omega, halfbreed or not deserves to be forcefully withheld from finding a mate and having pups of their own! It is a cruel fate that you have bestowed upon Castiel! How dare you! How dare all of you!” Tears were now running freely down his cheeks.
And, he was slowly falling for the alphas charm and guiltily forgetting Dean at times (well the settled forgetfulness was becoming more frequent, the more he fell for the British alpha). And, what surprised him most, was that come he and Bal’s 6
“Because that’s where my true mate found me…..and saved me. It’ll always be a special place for me.”
Castiel blanched, “Are you serious, Gabe!? He will kill me…and Dean! He is a ruthless wolf!”
“I believe I have.”
He didn’t want to abruptly disturb the sleeping fuzzball.
Actually, she’s the one that added herself into speed dial 1.
There wasn’t a day that Cas and Dean wouldn’t engage in some pleasure filled fun. Somehow, this fun was increased when both alpha and omega simultaneously hit their first rut and heat together. The feelings they had towards one another only grew and so did their sex drive.
Never had Dean experienced such an orgasm. It was strong and he felt like the energy was being drained out of him through his cock. He shivered, he shook, he groaned as pleasure coursed through his being. He shuddered, “OHHH CAS! FUCK YEAH!”
“I wasn’t disappointed at you, omega, I was though at the fact that that no good Chuck Milton could insult and disrespect you in such a way.” The alpha then looked at him as if mesmerized, “I couldn’t hurt such a beauty as the one standing before me. I could never hurt anyone who doesn’t deserve it.”
Sammy wriggled his nose. “So, planning on pups anytime soon, Dean?”
The thrum Of heartbeats began, chests burning and yearning for each other’s wolves like a desperate craving that hasn’t been satisfied yet.
He was getting a few things straight before they drove off!
So, Dean did the same thing, pulling out a little and sinking back in. Christ that felt too good. He itched to fuck. His groin and cock burned in desire. He shivered when Castiel threw his head back, moaning out, “More!”
- curious, yet, patient.
him. It scared him so much, as he had begun to look at Cas like he looked at some pretty girl or boy omega from his school.
’ look on his face, as Cas laid the plates of food before him. Each plate had steak, salt and vinegar potato wedges and tangy carrot slaw.
He whispered, “I need you to place your legs slightly apart at a 45 degree angle”. The man follows through- definitely shivering under his instructions. He asked, “You ok?”
Dean’s head felt heavy. Everything spun violently around him. He could hear his little brother, Sammy indistinctively yelling out to whoever had supposedly drugged him. ‘
He turned his attention back to Mary’s still brilliantly smiling sweet face and said without a seconds hesitation, “Yes Mary. I am ready.”
He could feel a familiar stirring in his groin- the longer he watched. However, he refused to acknowledge or touch himself. Soon, Anna's back bowed so hard, she looked like she would break, crying out as a powerful orgasm hit.
It felt like his steps were haunted.
The jay bird was calling to his omega wolf to follow. Just as well, Dean had come to stand beside him, asking,
He heard Mary and Sam gasp beside him, yet, he brushed it off; instead feeling this overwhelming surge of protectiveness and worry fill him. Worry for his boys who had encountered these foreign white wolves. He quickly allowed his eyes to scan their unharmed and unmarred features-
His uncle, the Milton Pack leader, Chuck Milton, would never allow such a thing.
He closes his eyes briefly, feeling his heart squeeze in agony.
The heavy ball of floof was laying on his chest-
Castiel’s heart hurt to see the unmistakable fear in the omegas dull green eyes. He itched to ask ‘
His heart ached to know that.
Rufus released a mocking scoff, “Second choice though.”
It’s like he didn’t know his own city. He must have shown some sort of disappointment on his face, because Dean tugged at his hand, “Hey, enough of that, ok. There’s always something new to learn about Lawrence, everyday. Ain’t a damn problem about that, Cas”.
“William Harvelle, Duh! Then, YOU!” Rufus seemed to tease. “Second choice, see!”
It has been 10 years since he’s been here. 10 years since he zoomed past this cemetery after the funeral had been held. He didn’t look back, because, there was nothing left in Lawrence for him. Jimmy had taken a huge chunk of his soul with him to the grave.
. The least the council could do is to bring Anna home. He growled when he watched Anna hugging one of the council members-
Both were hungry. Both growled and gave all they had. Covered in hay and rolling around back and forth with their mouths refusing to give up their pleasuring. This went on for several more minutes before Dean’s felt the omegas juices drown his tongue, flowing down his chin as the young wolf came with such a force that had him crying out around Dean’s cock. Dean drank the omegas delicious juices, like a greedy alpha.
Michael looked suddenly saddened as he replied,
Keep an open mind when reading this fic. Please look out for rape, being captured and used for sex, plus abusive factors.
“Don’t you get it Cas? I don’t think I can control my urges towards you! And I sure as hell won’t do things with you because you’re still a child! So it’s best I just stay away for both our sakes!”
After five minutes or so, he felt the other side of the mattress dip, as Cas climbed into bed, the bedside lamp being turned off before the room was engulfed in darkness. Just as he thought Cas was finally going to sleep peaceful, the omega shifted lightly and said in a whispered voice, “Dean, are you awake?”
He lightly brought a palm to Cas mid back and applied pressure lightly so the man bent down at an angle, leaning slightly over the pool table; and, he did followed, nearly covering the man’s back with his entire torso.
“Yeah, and she happens to be CAS SISTER, dad!”
Jimmy had his struggles, but, he was always strong, determined and optimistic.
“Dean, your father is looking for you!”
Anna would find a way to butt into their conversations. She would find a way to lean into Dean’s side. She would find a way to corner Dean when he least expected it. She wouldn’t refrain from touching the man’s chest with her exploring manicured fingers. Like now, when Dean had gotten out of bed for a glass of water, she had managed to catch him in the kitchen. The omega made sure to dress the part of a seductress too; wearing her see through nightie that clearly revealed her entire body underneath. She somehow pushed herself into Dean’s personal space and cupped him through his boxers, “well hello alpha. How about I get you nice and hard, before I ride you till you’re cumming”.
He bit his bottom lip to stifle his smile some, before greeting, “Hello Dean”. Damn, his cheeks were hurting as blood rushed up into it.
two wolves learning to discover each other once more. His throat was parched, so he jogged up beside Cas, lowering his head and lapping up the cold, refreshing, water, into his mouth.
And, so was Dean.
Almost all the time, if he had a dream about Cas, he would wake up sweating and back into another round of rut. Again, he was confused as to why his alpha was reacting so much to Cas. And maybe, he could guess why…but….it felt wrong.
Castiel threw his head back, exposing his long neck and luring Dean’s mouth to that perfect skin. Castiel cried wantonly as Dean sucked on his neck hard while he couldn’t help but bounce on the alphas two fingers, “Oh God! Yes I have fucked myself open for you Dean. Oh God! Please give it to me, alpha!”
Castiel scowled at the man, “You are not accompanying me, Raphael. You may not respect me, but in the end of the day, I’m in charge. You disobey me, I will get you flogged and then fired”.
He angrily swiped at his tears. He didn’t care if he was reddening his cheeks with the pressure he applied via his palms. He just wanted to stop being so damn- insecure.
Dean probed, “And?”
They shared one last hug, before, Dean was sitting himself back by the island and he was off pecking his mom, dad and Castiel on the cheeks with a
The blue eyed vampire knew all the cities nooks and crannies, every shadow and dark spot, and also the best feeding grounds out there. Castiel was able to slip past any vamp, lycan or werewolf with stealth-like abilities- remaining inconspicuous- all the way to the little gathering of trees by the park- where he smiled as his eyes landed on his black luxurious sports car.
is wooing my future mate! I don’t like the fact that
A/N: Longer Dean POV in the next chapter :)
Dean and Cas didn’t speak after that as both couldn’t help themselves, leaning in for a deep kiss that was soon turning into hot dirty tongue battle. It wasn’t long before both alpha and omega were extremely turned on, ready for another round of lovemaking and knotting.
….now that the boys were growing older, now that their wolves were maturing and that bond that had lured Dean into finding Cas in the woods, 10 years back, was
“What more, Dean!? Tell me, hmm!?”
He sighed, “Hey Red. I’m sorry it took so long for me to call you back. I promise I’ll explain”.
Oh! Ok! Yes this was also something he wanted to bring up.
Apparently, he had nicked a nerve in the alpha. John could see it too, as Deans green eyes, flickered between red and green. The older alpha said, as soothingly as he could, “Dean, calm yourself.”
Castiel’s alpha purred in complete happiness. He smelled like apples to his precious omega- whom he was absolutely certain was his true mate now. It all comes down to the scent. If it’s their favorite scent on an alpha, if there is an instant connection, then there’s a possible soul bond. Marks are not needed, as the soul of the wolves have decided their better halves. He happily responded, “My name is Castiel Novak”.
He had Dean pressed into the dark alleyway wall, devouring the alphas mouth. They were grinding their exposed cocks against each other’s, chasing their 5th orgasm for the night. And it was coming, real quick. Soon, they were crying into each other’s mouths, painting each other’s groins with warm cum. Both shook hard as they supported each other, trying to keep each other up.
But, he was saved not long after. Dean, his alpha, came to his rescue and ripped Lucifer’s throat out.
Anna scoffed, “Oh please Cas! We all know your bark is bigger than your bite”.
His eyes skimmed the surface of the well painted car. It looked so brand new for an old model. The seats were even covered in very new black leather. Not even a speck of dust was seen on this beauty.
To his surprise, Castiel blurted out a strong, “NO! I want you to continue visiting me! I need to see you!”
. But, the thought of parting from Dean, just left him feeling hollow inside. He would have given anything, just to stay by Dean’s side- playing pool, kicking Charlie’s ass in the process, and laughing away. And, maybe getting more lessons or tips on how to play pool-
He chuckled,
Both Dean and Cas eyes shot up, looking more nervous than ever.
thing. He was a simple man: he loved the forests, he liked to be dressed up in his worn out flannels and jeans, and he preferred to drink not so expensive whiskey straight from the bottle or a tumbler compared to sipping champaign from a flute.
The omega was weak in the legs and still a little drowsy. Cas could feel that though Dean looked thin as a twig; he was still heavy. Heavy bones probably? The alpha also realized that if the omega didn’t hunch, out of weakness, he would stand tall at 6’1”.
He was knocked off his feet.
That night, when his parents had told him the news of the arranged mating, he did not get any sleep, instead he wept and soaked his pillows with his salty tears. It was so sudden and tomorrow he would meet the young alpha and be taken away to Winchester Pack lands.
He chuckled, ruffling his son’s hair, “Sure baby.”
Dean nodded, not really knowing how to react. He answered, “Um- yes”.
Yeah, he did have hope and faith….once…..not anymore.
He caught Charlie’s raised brow, knowing she needed a clearer explanation.
in their eyes- which he
The way the engines rumble vibrated through his body, had him feeling excited. The way she sped down the road, was mesmerizing. It was quiet in the car- no music, no chatter. Just, he and Dean enjoying the ride.
He trembled, tears already escaping his eyes like that of a waterfall. He tapped away the hand his alpha reached out to comfort him. “Tell me Dean, who have they chosen?”
Castiel sees the Winchester wolves in human form...and Gem gets cute....
It wasn’t long before they saw the light of day. The cave wasn’t even complicated- more like a short path carved through stone. Like how they entered, the other side of the cave was just as small, and beyond it was a clearing of green grass, tall trees and ferns. There were boulders and streams flowing nearby and the air smelled of
Well, he won’t tell anyone, including his dad, that he had orgasmed hard, to Cas on his mind.  It even took him a lot not to let Cas name fall out his lips as he released cum into the artificial omega hole- somehow picturing Cas face. God forbid if anyone found out.
He was hit with something inkling to recognition, as he trotted over to small flowerbed of Lavender’s growing nearby. He sniffed it in, feeling Dean’s presence come up to stand beside him. He could hear a woman’s soft hum resonate in his mind, soothing and comforting. He could hear her say
He fell asleep feeling alone.
While Sam and Gabe shared their excitement with each other, all he could think about was the
Charlie’s tone immediately softened to that of a motherly one. “Oh Cassie. You know I’ll always be here for you”. She quickly added, “How about after work, you get clean and done up, and we’ll head over to the 'Irish Pub' for a few”.
Cas is his future.
had come to pay him a visit. He somehow managed a smiled for his blue feathery friend, “Hey wise one.”
. The last home cooked meal he had had was at his parents place for dinner- and damn was it heavenly. “There’s just something amazing about home cooked meals”.
He was lucky enough that Dean hadn’t hit him yet….because he learned that keeping your mouth shut and doing as you’re told is the only best option of staying alive.
Thirdly, came John Winchester. Now, it was safe to say that Dean and Sam had inherited their devilish good looks and their nature of simplicity from their father. The man, like his sons, was also 6 foot tall, brown hair (neatly cut), rocking a neatly trimmed salt and pepper beard, had the same grass green eyes as Dean’s, the same handsome smile as both his boys, and one of the most gentlest and biggest of alpha hearts out there. Castiel concluded that flannels, t-shirts, jeans and boots were some sort of a common Winchester family attire- John with his own grey and white checkered flannel, dark wash jeans and black boots. The alpha leader was wise in all his years and as of a few years now, widowed. Castiel felt saddened that Dean and Sam’s mother were no more and would have loved to meet her.
He ended up nodding at his baby brother and placing a finger to his mouth.
Why did it seem like Dean had already given up on him?
’ in human or wolf form. But, she could read those bright blue eyes and smile, loud and clear. Little stubborn fella had smiled so
Sam squeezed Gabe’s hand, leaning into his mate and bouncing excitedly on the balls of his feet.
He had so much to do, so much to see, so much to give before being forced to be tied down into a life of mating.
Viktor was another Elder that lay asleep and would be awoken to take reign after his father Michael, 100 years from now. He did remember- it was stories passed down generation to generations- written in the ancient books of a great war that begun nearly 500 years ago- between Lycanthrope, werewolves and Vampires- all starting from a forbidden love between a vampire and lycan. Sonya was the vampire’s name and she was Elder Viktor’s only child. A child that he condemned to death, as she later revealed how she was pregnant with a half breed child. And to make it heartwrenching, her beloved Lucian, was there chained to the floors to watch her demise.
Cas glanced down at his thigh shyly, before dragging his eyes back up. There was a little hesitation in those beautiful blue orbs. He wanted to remind Cas that everything was ok and that the man could talk about anything he wanted. Before he could speak, Cas asked, “What do we call this..thing…between us, Dean?”
Sweet freshly baked, out of the oven,
Dean furrowed his brow, “Of course, Cas". The alpha tilted his head, “Is this because of what you saw last night happening between Anna and I?”
There were many things that Dean was willing to do for Cas- and if it had to come to that, and he had to renounce his title or run away with the one he loved, then so be it. Come what may, he and Cas were only meant for each other.
Yeah. He just couldn’t stand there and listen to Chuck’s degradation of his big brother. Somehow, he felt much bolder with Sam around and by his side. He glared at his pack alpha, “Castiel may be the product of a human and wolf coupling, but,  that doesn’t mean he is different from any pure blooded wolf here!”
That was another thought that got him quizzing himself. ‘
He asked a little strained, “Um- can you get off my chest, little omega. Or else, I won’t be able to breathe in a few seconds.”
“DON’T TELL MY SON WHAT TO DO, MILTON! YOU WILL LEARN YOUR PLACE!”
Grandma kissed his cheek and said, “you’re welcome my little bug.”
It was as if Dean were a completely different person when Lisa was around. It was like Dean was completely focused on making Lisa blush or laugh and had suddenly forgotten him.
He sat by Dean’s side, his eyes observing.
Yeah he knew exactly what his dad meant. Again, he had learned a lot of freaky information about how an alpha can relieve themselves during their first rut or if they do not have a mate. Sex toys. That’s what they called it.
He dried his hands on the dish towel and headed over to the living room. He was met with his gorgeous date sitting on the long white sofa, smiling up at him. The man held out a hand, “Come sit next to me, Dean.”
He forced a smile on his face, meeting Gabe’s brown teary eyes, “Now go little bro. Go find your prince tonight. I give you my blessings.”
Their coupling was always this charged.
It was like he was drawn to the alpha. He couldn't help himself. He wished that he had much stronger willpower- so that he could avoid witnessing what he saw, next.
They were nearly to his BMW when Castiel froze in his tracks, which resulted in him stopping by his brother. He felt his brother shiver in his arms, breathing a little labored, so he asked, “Castiel what is it? What’s wrong?”
Dean threw in a cheeky smirk at his lover, “I am yours whenever you want and need me, babe.”Dean for once since these hard times began felt that there was definitely hope in all this. Then he smiled at his good friend, “Thanks Pam. This is fantastic news and we are beyond describing how we feel about this. We will certainly be taking your advice.”
Christ!
Daddy shrugged, “Sure, why not? Unless, Cas wants to get some rest first?” Daddy looked at Cas for the last question.
That was good enough for Gem. The little one nodded enthusiastically and cuddled himself more into Cas chest, holding his teddy bear close, “Ok Blue. You’re the best!”
Dean threaded his fingers through his lovers. “I’m sure, babe. Trust me, ok?”
So the wolf council left and it was only John, Castiel and Dean standing before Michael and his pack.
These five alphas were always fair in judgement despite being part of the Winchester Pack. Sometimes, depending on the basis of information and factual evidence, they would rule against the Winchester Pack. And yeah, it was only fair.
“At this time of the night, sweetheart?” It was only 9pm, but yeah, his mom still worried for the young, out walking the streets in the dark of night.
This time, Mary spoke up, curiosity in her tone. “What did they reveal? Well, apart from being white wolves like you, Castiel.” Yes, she was listening very intently.
“This grandfather clock is working just fine, FYI!” Rufus retorted with a mocking chuckle.
Castiel fisted Gabriel’s black shirt, leaning in and growling lowly, “Dean is NOT a vile beast! And I am not Craven’s beloved! That vamp has always been trying to get me to be his mate, but, I have rejected him countless number of times! He needs to get into his head that I’m not interested!”
A teary eyed Heather replied.
Ellen Harvelle spoke direct and firm, “Lucifer Milton, you are now held for the slaughter of the Novak packs innocent omegas and pups, 18 years ago. You will front the high wolf committee. You plus the alphas who participated , and are being seized as we speak, will now be sentenced to wolf imprisonment for your crimes.”
Gabriel held up a hand to stop his fiancé, “No Sam, I need time. Please respect my wishes. I will speak with you when I’m ready to.” There was heartbreak in Gabriel’s eyes when he looked at Sam, this was extremely hard for his brother.
, princess! But, you also need to be reminded of the rules whilst living under mom and dad’s roof.” He saw Cas shift his focus to stare at a spot on his neck, the nervous swallow followed.
Castiel narrowed his eyes in curiosity. “What?”
Cas shot steely blue eyes at Dean, that made the alpha immediately clamp his mouth shut. The omega growled, “Shut up, Dean! Mom and dad need to know the truth!”
He automatically corrected,
. White wolves.
Oh how his heart would cringe at the latter.
Castiel asked, “what are you saying, Dean?”
He enjoyed the reaction of the blue eyed man. And damn, the burn in his lower gut as Cas took him in felt so damn good. What was even more better- was when Cas had clarified that the red haired chick, named Charlie, wasn’t his girlfriend, but, his best friend.
He and Dean were going to perish in an unknown land, mauled to death by wolves that shared the color of
Gabriel heard about Castiel’s omega and he was really excited to meet him. He was so happy that his big brother had found his better half. He rapped his knuckles on Castiel’s bedroom door. He was almost hoping in excitement. He immediately jumped into Castiel’s arms, “Hi, big bro!”
Dean took in a deep breath trying to settle himself, before wrapping an arm around Cas mid waist and pulling his omega to his side. “Anna, there are many ways my omega can take care of me despite his young age”.
Though, he would feel a pang of disappointment when he didn’t see anything new happening around this city.
They didn’t sit down on his bed; instead, they stood on opposite sides of the room. He leaned his ass on the edge of his study desk that was just by the window, whilst Dean just leaned on the door to his room. Both faced each other, studying and/0r staring at each other- as if mapping bodies.
The way Jimmy and he behaved around one another, would have anyone convinced that they were in love. But, like he had stated, it was more like a connection. He felt tethered to Jimmy and sometimes he wrecked his head trying to figure out
affects you,
No harm in experiencing human feelings for someone. Though, he would just have to keep it on the reserve for a while. But, he would keep on smiling. Because, that’s what Jimmy would have wanted. And, that’s what he wanted too.
So, being here, getting the opportunity to see her children find or chase after the mates they adore is in its own way a blessing. For both John and her, of course. John, her beloved husband, was always protective over their boys and anyone who got in the way of his children’s happiness would automatically face his wrath. Just like that no good Chuck Milton!
He knew that his feathery friend would understand him, even if he communicated in his wolf form- though the little bird never spoke back- it still did communicate back with flaps of its wings, tilt of its head from side to side, chirping, hopping on its feet, and flying here and there.
Castiel stopped in his tracks, a few meters away from Michael. His omega was trembling with fear in his arms, silent sobs could be heard. He was disgusted, fuming and enraged by Michael’s sick assumptions. It just went to show that Michael didn’t know him very well. He shot his brother a piercing icy look, “First of all, Michael, I do not bed an omega against his/her will, no matter what their standing is in society. Secondly, THIS omega carries my scent, because the miracle of a true mates bond has been activated between us. Our alpha and omega wolves have made that rare connection, thus, we have scent bonded. This omega is mine!”
John was a good alpha who had Dean’s best interests at heart, though, the timing wasn’t just right.
And, yeah. He didn’t know who made the first move. All that mattered was their lips had finally met.
deserved.” He didn’t like the look of sudden and complete sadness in Cas eyes, but, this needed to be told. He felt his own eyes pool with tears, voice cracking as he said, “But,
. He licked at the shell of his lovers reddening ears, twisting his fists repeatedly around their hard cocks, gaining a filthy moan out of Castiel. The alpha dirtily whispered into Castiel's ear, “We'll talk about it later, babe. Right now – oh fuck- I wanna take you apart on my cock!”
Castiel felt his cock being massaged so erotically by that sweet hole. He shivered whenever his cockhead would press against Dean’s g-spot. The sound of his lycan boyfriend crying out in ecstasy, wriggling on his cock and meeting his every thrust, had him moaning out, “oh Dean! So fucking good!”
He only hoped that Cas would receive him the right way.
And he knew what the apology was for, but, he didn’t want to be guessing anyway, so he probed, “What for, Dean?” Even adding in a, “You don’t have to apologize for anything.” Because, yeah, he loved Dean and he would do anything for the alpha- he didn’t even want to put the alpha in any position that would get him feeling the need to apologize.
He uttered, now feeling a little saddened for the aging, scarred alpha before him.
He sniffled, whining out, “Promise?”
In his heart, he already knew that his pack was the most powerful pack across five states and no one dared poke their nose into any of their affairs nor went as far as to harm any members of their pack. He was already confident on the protection of his pack, but,
That night he fucked and knotted Castiel multiple times until the omega was whimpering and begging him ‘No more’.
His alarm sets off at 6:00am, he gets out of bed, he lazily trudges to the bathroom (takes a piss, then, brushes his teeth), he has a shower, he readies himself in a black suit and tie, he makes his way over to his kitchen, has his coffee and a bite, throws on his trench coat, grabs his messenger bag, grabs his apartment and car keys, heads down to the complex’s basement garage, locates his car, gets in and drives to work.
“Look. I know how devastated you were when Jimmy passed, so I figured I keep the fact that his twin was working as my accountant. Besides, why should it matter? The kid isn’t Jimmy. Plus, he earned this job fair and square!” Bobby wiped his hands on the grease cloth, shooting him a questioning look, “Unless, the man is already a problem for you?”
He felt like his heart had just been ripped out of his chest and stomped on. However, it was nothing he hadn’t expected….
A/N: I am so sorry for posting up very late. To be honest, my spark for writing had slowly dimmed out when I lost my father early last year. He always believed in my writing- no matter what I wrote and he was someone who was always keen to hear about my stories. I had started slowly pulling away from something I loved- writing. And yeah, it’s been hard to type up words for the stories I love.
Michael had to keep his jaw from dropping to the floor and looking like a complete loon in front of his staff. He had to collect himself quickly, gritting out in disappointment, “So! What does this mean, Castiel?” Damnit, he had just wasted Novak money on this omega. It was too late now!
before the waitress was walking away and leaving them alone. He took a sip of his beer, enjoying the perfectly chilled liquid running down his throat.
I hope you enjoy the final chapter...
hill, it only reminded him of how he was segregated from all. He shrugged feeling tightness in his chest, his eyes shyly meeting the wooden floorboards, “Um,  yeah. My hill, as in mine. My pack alpha, Chuck says so. The hill of the halfbreed.”
Please let me know your thoughts!🙂
Oblivious to watching eyes, Dean ran his nose along Castiel’s scruffy neck. He inhaled the glorious scent of his gorgeous omega. There was nothing more he wanted at this very moment than to be mated to Castiel- officially.
Dean hugged his lover. He and Cas would get through this. Anna and the council can go fuck themselves!
“That first part was a cake walk and I’m sure this will be too. If it wasn’t for Sam I wouldn’t be here either.”
“I didn’t have you either. I really do appreciate everything you have done inside; I did notice that Christmas has thrown up in here. Once you are warmed up if you want to finish the outside lights, I will help you. But Castiel, happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in being. It’s in just saying things. You’re all I really need. You don’t have to put up lights but if you want, I’ll help. I mean, I may even find some way to put them to use in our room.”
“Scared yet?” I asked.
He glanced my way and damn those eyes, emerald green.
“Not unless you wanted to be, otherwise, no.”
Maybe, haunted houses weren’t so bad after all.
October 30
“You come here alone also?”
“Clowns really bother you, huh?”
“Deal. I’ll be waiting outside when you get out.”
He looked at me, slightly down as I was a few inches short.
“But you haven’t had that for so long.”
“I went through already.”
I was certain the girly scream I heard was me, but after several moments I felt a hand on my shoulder.
I landed on my back in a snow drift, which probably saved my life. I laid there, stunned. I really was afraid to move but when I did try I found that I was tangled up in lights and couldn’t get up. I tried fruitlessly but eventually gave up. I just had to wait for Dean to get home.
“I’m over here…”
“Are you talking to me?” His deep husky voice had a hint of annoyance.
“Yeah, everyone else seemed to be in a group of some kind except us, wasn’t sure if you came alone or was waiting for someone else.”
“Castiel, why were you on the roof?”
“Then why don’t you want to go? It’s just a haunted house Dean.”
We moved closer and I could hear random screams coming from those going before us. Dean seemed to barely acknowledge them. As we reached the front of the line it appeared they were doing four to six people per group and adding, that would at least put me is the same group with Dean and the couple ahead of us.
“I wouldn’t mind at all.”
I let him go even though I really didn’t want to; I could still feel the muscles tense under my hands. The safe feeling.
Dean stopped walking at the next little exhibit and I swore he looked truly worried, maybe even scared, because there seemed to be a distant look in his eyes. I moved beside him and glanced into the area.  There was an empty black dog cage that was rattling, as if something was fighting to get out. I could hear the barking, snarling, and growling. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to linger very long! So I moved behind Dean, maybe not as carefully as I could.
We both heard the chainsaw and the screams that came right afterwards.
“Jerk.”
“That doesn’t count; I was under that ghost’s virus that created anxiety. Recall I was also afraid of heights and that little dog.”
“Do we not face real enough monsters for you? Why do I need to visit a haunted house filled with people pretending to be monsters, when I am sure I can find a real case online?”
“Neither do I, but I’m sort of afraid of move at the moment.”
“Well, I’ve seen worse and maybe yeah, more.”
Supernatural things existed and well, I had to deal with that. It turned out a few of those clowns weren’t really actors dressed up; but supernatural beings finding victims. It had been a really strange third date when he had to behead a vampire. But, he was worth it.
It seemed the farther we went, the more clowns there were. After that second one I wanted to turn and go back the way I came, but I couldn’t. The third clown totally got another scream and I hid behind Dean.
I could see the mischievous grin in my head.
“I’m fine. No elbows.”
“Seriously Cas? If you wanted to wrap yourself up in Christmas lights for me, it would have been way better to do that inside, in the bedroom instead of out here. I mean its cold
Chainsaws were really common at haunted houses. I tried to distract myself with my phone and finally our group was called to go into the main part. We walked down a short trail and then entered a very short hallway, where an elevator met us. Dean seemed a little wary with the elevator but we got in and we went down.
His smile was infectious. His eyes were mesmerizing. But I had to remind myself that he may not be into men; he didn’t seem to really want to talk to me. The upside is I had a pretty decent view of his very nice ass and those pants were doing justice to his figure.
“I can deal without everything else as long as you’re there. I just wanted to give you a heads up.”
“Hey Babe, I’ll be home in less an hour. Do I need to stop and get anything?”
“You okay? I feel like maybe I elbowed you.”
“Better Hun?” He asked.
Yet…the next display was all clown dolls. I could feel a slight shake in my arms but as I turned the next corner there was a pause before another clown jumped out. What little bravery I had left just left, I know I screamed like a girl and I reached out for whatever I could get, just happened to be Dean’s arm.
“I love you Dean.”
He rounded the first corner and there was this display with a man in the corner, dark black wings spread out and there was blood dripping down his chin. Another body was lying not far, a female and she wasn’t moving but getting closer showed ‘she’ was just a prop.
Dean honestly didn’t seem freaked out by anything but the caged invisible dog. I was finding myself staying close to him, knowing he’d protect me. But, if I thought following him around was bad, after the last hallway was a set of steps and watching him climb them was damn near going to kill me.
“Does that include you?”
The next scene we came upon was bloody with body parts hanging and a madman with the chain saw. Well, this was…mildly disturbing to say the least. But, it was obviously still fake as the body parts looked like plastic.
