"I'm not possessed deary," the fire replied, making John jump in his chair. "I'm a fire demon."
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said. “But…”
“You’ve been keeping an eye on his network,” it wasn’t a question. “I’ll need that information. If I can get to enough of his network, he’s sure to be… annoyed.”
“Goddamn it Sherlock, I love you,” John said, finally looking down.
"Boys!" she said as soon as he had moved into the door. "Oh, I'm so glad you're home. They will not stop knocking! It is driving me up the fireplace!"
“We will get him,” Sherlock assures him.
“I…” Sherlock hesitated. John was really going to dislike this. “I can carry you up.”
Inside, he found cushioned seats, almost like armchairs, and strange straps. He stared around him as Sherlock said something to the driver, who was sitting inside the strange carriage as well.
“No,” Sherlock said decisively.
They laughed together a moment more, then the stranger's words finally sunk in.
“Sherlock,” John said with warning in his voice.
“And I can do it at home,” John said.
"I'm not the housekeeper," the fire responded.
“No,” John said softly. “You don’t need to say anything. I understand.”
, John thought sardonically,
these things
He deepened this kiss, gently parting John’s lips with his own and tasting them with his tongue. John’s mouth obediently opened for him. He found John’s tongue with his own, gently tasting it. John responded by moving his tongue along with Sherlock’s. He pulled Sherlock’s face closer, as though he couldn’t get close enough.
He took a steadying breath and leaned forward, closing his eyes and trying not to tremble.
"I..." John was confused again. "yes, I did. But what does that have to do..."
“And Moriarty,” Sherlock replied distractively.
Sherlock was standing in front of him before he had gotten the first syllable out.
Finally, he opened his eyes and glanced around. The room in which he found himself was apparently a den or a living area, though it was difficult to tell. Every surface was covered with boxes and papers and strange, unidentifiable items. In the corner, beside the fire, sat what looked disturbingly like a human skull.
“Well,” Molly said finally, “as much as you might think me an expert on emotions, Sherlock, I’m not an expert on PTSD. Does John have a therapist?”
Sherlock shot him a glare, but picked up the bowl.
“You might want this as well,” he said, producing a crumpled sheet of paper, one corner torn off.
“Oh good,” Moriarty stepped out of the shadows, moving until he was directly across from Sherlock, standing beside John, “you’re awake. It was really quite boring watching you sleep.”
“The rest of the note!” the inspector exclaimed. “But how…?”
“No,” Sherlock said.
"Perfectly sound analysis, but I was hoping you would go deeper," Sherlock responded.
"Wonder why," he said softly.
“Sorry,” he mumbled, not looking at John.
Sherlock glared at Lestrade again.
, Sherlock though. That meant that he was already not getting enough oxygen. A normal person can go without oxygen for roughly four to six minutes before permanent brain damage begins, but John was already oxygen depleted. He didn’t have long. Sherlock would have to work quickly if he hoped to keep John alive and undamaged.
“Now, gentlemen! I admit I am also quite excited by the night’s events, but this is very unnecessary!” Mycroft shouted before William shoved him to the floor. John instinctively ran over to help him.
John patted him on the leg. “Yes, of course, dear.”
“I’m inclined to agree with the inspector, my dear brother,” Mycroft effortlessly added, “let’s say our goodbyes to Dr. Watson and let the police sort this business out.”
Sherlock leaned forward. “You have to be more precise, Lestrade.”
Wiggins nodded. “A few blocks from here, Mr. ‘olmes.”
“Please, in front of this window, sir.”
Sherlock smiled. “I saw you speaking with someone whom I had initially thought was also part of the house staff, but you were speaking in a familiar tone with the young man usually reserved for family members…”
“…to watch the frigates scattered around, like birds upon the wing; yet know, they only wait your will—it is a glorious thing…”
John frowned at Sherlock, a little weary of his companion’s sudden shift in tone. “Uh, well…I suppose a nice stroll—”
“Holmes, the police…” John said quietly.
Fedorov scoffed before producing a cigar from his back pocket. “If I were planning to murder someone,” he bit the end of his cigar before lighting it, “you would never find the body…”
“Watson,” Sherlock began as John found a clean shirt to change into, “I wanted to apologize for not being transparent with you earlier…”
Sherlock smiled down at Wiggins. “Thank you, Wiggins. I’ll see you back at Baker Street tonight.”
“Mycroft.” Sherlock responded sharply.
“Mycroft.” Sherlock quickly responded before an increasingly irate John could quip back.
Sherlock shrugged. “I have informed the police and they’re on their way, yet I wanted to be able to meet personally the man who’s been terrorizing London’s historic cultural landscape for the last few days.”
“Well, then, Professor Moriarty, if you insist…”
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully as he leaned forward. “You referred to Standish as a ‘vile’ man. Could you please explain your acquaintance with him?”
“Teeth marks and saliva…” Mycroft breathed out, “so the priest was attacked by an animal?”
Sherlock turned around again to sit next to John. “Watson,” he started in a low voice, “I promise to make this up to you. But first, let us figure this out together.”
“Dr. Watson, tell them I was with you when we retired for the evening.”
Bridget scoffed. “Acquaintance? There was none to speak of, Mr. Holmes. Nigel Standish is an enemy of the arts. He threatened to close my theatre company in order to draw funds from the investors. I was actually surprised to find out that your brother ran in such circles.”
Sherlock shook his head. “He’s gone…”
“I think the priest’s nephew went to the smelting factory to stop the production because the weight of his uncle’s death was too much to bear. That can’t be the only site, which means we need to trace any connection to the drugs. However, in the meantime, if we figure out what Carberry was trying to achieve, it may prove useful in stopping Schuller and whoever he is working for.”
They listened to the men a little while longer, but the conversation never yielded anything else substantial.
Sherlock nodded. “I will admit that I’ve personally come across situations where the perpetuator fits your astute observations, but those were far less violent and calculated than others,” he then took another moment, posing thoughtfully again, “and with all honesty, those crimes were associated with the less fortunate who had no other recourse to navigate the cruel world we live in…” The comment elicited some mumbling from the audience, a mixture between those who agreed with Sherlock and those who found the comment to be unwarranted, but still enjoyed listening to the discussion.
time, what does that have to do with Carberry? Also, may I remind everyone that a very dangerous man is still on the loose in London.”
“…yes…” Clara answered quietly.
John’s body went numb before he attempted sitting down. “What? Why would he do that?” He knew Sherlock was out possibly gathering more information about the case, but it seemed like a fool’s errand to go directly to Lestrade.
John sighed. “I guess, but—”
attended the University of London. He was in Watson’s cohort. This could be his. Did that ever cross your mind, Lestrade?”
“Holmes, wait. Stop!” John struggled against his companion. Sherlock took the hint before letting go of John’s elbow.
“Mrs. Hudson, be a dear and fetch us some tea.” Mycroft asked as politely as his personality allowed.
Sherlock was crouched down near the cot, holding up a thin blanket. After a moment of observation, he took his time straightening up, but he kept his eyes on the cot.
“You may also examine my injury when we get home, Watson. But be gentle, please…” Sherlock huddled up against John who gave him a careful hug.
Sherlock smiled back as he turned the book around to look at the pages right side up.
John sighed as a hansom stopped in front of them. “I told her not to get involved.”
“Mr. Holmes! Here is your murderer! Your corrupt deeds have ruined many!” Mamhud shouted as Fedorov grabbed him once more to drag him to an empty corner.
Lestrade let out another sigh before sinking down in his favorite chair.
Sherlock waved John off as they watched Mrs. Hudson and the officer. Eventually the pair left the kitchen and out the hallway.
“When we get our moment, we need to exit the train by the window!” Sherlock repeated as if his directions made sense.
Lestrade glared at Sherlock before sighing again. He crossed his arms in a huff. “I don’t have a number off the top of my head, Holmes.”
“Mycroft.” John muttered.
John shook his head. “What? No! I did not kill him…I left after about an hour. I was home when this happened.”
John nodded. “Yes, I know. I just feel uneasy being waited on.”
Mr. McArthur laughed again, causing Mary who was sitting across from him, to roll her eyes. “My daughter hates it when I discuss business. She thinks it’s too grim.”
“Watson—”
“They’re in the city! I saw them waiting at that journalist’s office.”
Mr. McArthur turned back toward the group, rubbing his hands with delight. “Well! We shall have an exciting dinner indeed tonight.”
Moriarty was standing near one of the bookshelves in his office at the University of London, half facing the window that overlooked the campus green while addressing a group of men who had gathered in his office that late evening.
Sherlock shook his head again. “Calm down, Watson. Not
Sherlock waved a hand behind himself to quiet Mycroft as he used a little pair of scissors to cut a piece of cloth that had been damaged by the attack and was covered in blood.
“There’s no need to shout, Monsieur.” Madame Loire had appeared next to the opening.
“Mycroft, I already told you we like it here. Besides I think musing about moving is hardly the most important matter at hand.” Sherlock responded as he finally sat still. He glanced at the bedroom door to see Wiggins poking his head out.
“Yes, Mr. McArthur,” Sherlock turned so that he could face both James and Mary, “no doubt my companion will tell you how excited I’ve been to visit you all this week.”
Mycroft sighed as he glanced at the vial in Sherlock’s hand, but he stayed silent.
“What? Wait!” John squeaked as he shuffled around in his chair. Detective Baynes stepped to the side to let two guards into the room. They unlocked John’s restrains before marching him out of the room, out of the building and into a police wagon that was stuffed full of other prisoners. John bounced around in the wagon as it drove for what felt like ages until making an abrupt stop.
John rolled his eyes as the hansom made its way to the judge’s residence which wasn’t far from
“Why did you cover for Ms. Clara?” He whispered.
Mycroft, stunned by his brother’s unexpected reaction, stood silently as he expressed his confusion. “You’re sure, Sherly?”
John chuckled. “I understand, Holmes, but you should really enjoy the slow going with cases, even despite the extraordinary start to the year we’ve had. I’m sure the year will present you with your most trying case to date. Then you’ll have the energy to solve it effectively.”
Sherlock nodded timidly before John pulled him back into the hug again. They stayed like this for some time as John just rubbed Sherlock’s back, thinking back to the unbearable conditions at Westgate mixed with his ire directed toward whomever was attempting to frame him for murder.
“Many of my donors share the same mindset, but how do you think this event will be any different?”
“Holmes,” John interrupted, “while I have to admit that I appreciate your fortitude in recognizing that I was in danger that
Sherlock crouched down near the garden. “It’s not difficult to see that your youngest child must have gotten into your jewelry box, taken the pearls before placing them on the ground. Then the family dog,” Sherlock pointed to some dog foot prints in the dirt leading to the garden, “found the pearls and buried them in the garden. The gardener freshly planted these orchids on top of the dog’s clever hiding place.”
piece of wood. It came from the HMS Victory. Nelson’s flagship in the Battle of Trafalgar.”
“I have a warrant and Lestrade is at the Yard,” Detective Baynes responded coolly, “I have my orders.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” John looked at Mrs. Hudson before acknowledging the group of officers, “is something the matter?”
, I figured out that he would be at Saint Paul’s. Now…,” John turned onto his side to grin at Sherlock who looked more irritated than John had ever seen him.
Sherlock sighed again as he folded the newspaper to show Mycroft Conrad Coney’s recent article on the Carberry case.
“Ah!” Sherlock slapped John on the back a little too hard. He thanked the guide for her time before walking briskly out of the house to hail a hansom.
John walked into the office. It was divided into two spaces: one space for Coney’s secretary and one larger space for Coney.
Sherlock and Mycroft had escorted a distraught Mary back to her home before coming back to Baker Street for a late lunch. Sherlock had been very quiet during the entire ride; a little too quiet if you had asked Mycroft, but the latter had figured it had something to do with the incriminating evidence against John.
John felt Sherlock settle next to him. “We need to find out what this Henry Hampford knows. I have a feeling he’s only the tip of what’s to come…”
John smiled broadly as Mary ran across the room to give him a hug. She then stepped back before punching John in the arm who recoiled on impact.
“Holmes? What now?” John asked as he jogged to catch up.
Sherlock nodded again as he took a step toward Henry. “Henry, you must come with me.”
John nodded before rising slowly from the chair. He felt Sherlock rub his back before he left the room, dragging his feet to their bedroom. He opened the door, glancing around the room as if searching for the next step before dragging his feet to the bed. John fell down on the bed, full clothed. He tightly closed his eyes shut, both exhausted yet terrified by the situation.
Sherlock shook his head as he marched to the other side of the sitting room to retrieve his coat again. He hardly spoke another word as he then exited the room quickly with Mycroft not too far behind.
“Holmes.” John helped Sherlock to his feet, but the latter was still looking out over the edge.
“What do you want, Mr. Holmes?”
“That day on the platform…” Sherlock stepped toward John, “I knew something was the matter as soon as we said our goodbyes…”
“I know, Watson.” Sherlock curtly responded as he pulled a file out of Coney’s cabinet, “it appears that Coney had a recent visitor who was in a hurry.”
best. Will you accept?”
Baynes opened a desk drawer to find a matchbox. He struck a match before using it to burn the telegram. He let the paper burn for some time before tossing it into the waste basket next to his desk. He then shuffled around some papers on his desk before rising to exit the office. He walked down the hallway before entering a medium-sized room reserved for important updates on high-profile cases.
Mycroft nodded as he pointed down the hallway. “I’m sorry for disturbing your much needed rest, but I was wondering if you would like to join me for dinner this evening?”
John grumbled to himself before following Sherlock. As he walked in, he found Sherlock standing next to a cot surrounded by a small table and some books.
Moriarty’s tensed expression turned into a satisfied grin as he sat back in his chair again.
Before finally falling asleep, John knew he needed to stop resisting his current circumstances, and this new bit of information influenced his decision even more. If it were true that his colleague had attempted to stop Schuller and Sherlock managed to figure out his notes, then there was a possibility they could find whoever is distributing the drug now and prevent them from mass producing it.
John then redirected his frustration toward Sherlock who looked just as surprised. “Holmes, did you hear?,” he began, “‘A few close friends’ for this much-needed,
“Oh my god…” The nauseous feeling he had suffered just seconds before returned as he stared back at the house. The front part of the house of what used to be the judge’s office had been blown out causing the second floor to collapse. The rest of the front of the house was now engulfed in flames.
The train employee scrunched up his face at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, but waved it off. He peered inside anyway.
John hurried after his companion, trying to mimic his composure but stumbled once or twice as he was still getting used to being in disguise so frequently.
“Standish recognized you, although you must have changed your appearance for safety.” Sherlock surmised.
“And what about it?” Detective Baynes answered, also crossing his arms as he stared Lestrade down.
“Well,” perhaps unwilling to embarrass James any further, Sherlock quickly changed the subject, “I think we’ve all had quite the night.”
.” He nearly shouted as if his father was hard of hearing.
Sherlock held up a hand to interrupt his brother as he appeared to remember something. “Mycroft…,” he readjusted his position in the sofa to sit up straight, “you need to tell me more about what this informant of yours managed to uncover before the police. How did they know about the priest’s murder before earlier this morning?
John looked up to face Sherlock more directly. Sherlock nodded back with a stern expression. “I think we should go there tomorrow if you’re up to it.”
“The rain must have washed off the blood…” He concluded.
John entered the office after Sherlock, looking behind himself to make sure no one had come in to find that they had broken into the office. However, it was too late to protest; he already knew what he was getting himself into.
John’s eyes went wide as he looked down at the furnaces and the vat. He then looked back at Sherlock who looked despondent.
John took a moment before trying again, confused as to why his companion was being elusive about their vacation plans.
“I’m going back to the Yard now, so make sure this gets done right.”
Mr. McArthur looked at his lapel before looking back at Madame Loire. “But…but…why…? I don’t understand.”
Detective Baynes looked around before stepping closer toward Lestrade who forced himself to stand his ground.
John glanced around the area; he could see a staircase leading to the upper floors of the sawmill. John looked for Sherlock once more, confirming to himself that his companion was fine on his own before making his way quietly to the staircase.
Sherlock’s expression had changed slightly as he listened to John. “Perhaps, that seems most likely considering their past relationship.”
Sherlock groaned as he hugged his body up against the wall, walking toward the back of the house.
John regained himself as he let Sherlock pull him through the service corridor. “Holmes! What’s happened?”
“Yes, it appears that Standish found them before they could take anything. I think the London papers could say that he was a ‘hero’ of some sort…” Sherlock ended.
“Onward to Baker Street!” Sherlock shouted with glee.
The officer barely acknowledged him as he locked the cell. John turned to look out past the bars as best as he could, but he could only hear Sherlock arguing with Detective Baynes over the facts of the case that was only slightly muffled by Mrs. Hudson’s crying.
Mycroft nodded as he patted Sherlock on the back. “This is very much appreciated, Inspector.”
“Hey, you! Get back here!”
Sherlock chuckled before ascending the staircase to walk to Mycroft’s room. They slowly opened the door to find Mycroft sitting up in the bed, wide awake.
One of the police officers stared at Sherlock. “A burglary gone wrong?”
“Wonderful!” Mycroft clapped his hands together as he then motioned for John to follow him to the dining room.
John shrieked as the woman fell right on top of his body, driving an elbow into his stomach. “What!” He struggled with the woman as she tried to reposition her body, “what is the meaning of this? Miss? Excuse me!”
“There’s no way we’ll be able to go back to our lives! We’re finished.” John cried out as he propelled himself out of the chair to walk to the fireplace.
Sherlock motioned for Fedorov to take a seat. “Mr. Fedorov, we know that you know Ms. Coventry
the turn, hasn’t it, dear?”
Clara hugged her back. “It’s nothing Ms. Coventry. Mr. Holmes was just recording my whereabouts…”
think I would like to be solving a murder right now?”
“Sherly.” Mycroft said sternly, but Sherlock waved him off.
Sherlock nodded back. “Of course. I’ll be in later.”
“Well, I think there’s a few more things we can try with this antidote—”
to a child in need—graduates from the University of London are known for their generous charity—Saxon then returned the paintings he had stolen to the police this morning before coming here…”
John scrunched up his face before reaching for the cutlery next to his plate. “Basil Whitehall is a thug disguised as a MP, but I highly doubt he would go to such lengths to keep his seat.”
John laughed as he settled in at the breakfast table. “I don’t know why you read his articles, Holmes.”
Sherlock sighed as he had John follow him into the sitting room where Clara was now by herself.
John swallowed. “…you sent the tampered evidence to the Judge…”
There was another pause and some low murmuring before the door to the chapel closed. Sherlock waited before opening the door.
John frowned. “How do you know that, Holmes?”
Sherlock and John were standing in front of their deduction board. Mrs. Hudson had sent in their supper, but it sat untouched on the breakfast table.
“Mr. Holmes!” The man continued to wave vigorously with a broad smile.
Lestrade looked away from Sherlock as he felt his face becoming flush with irritation, but he knew that Sherlock was right. If Detective Baynes was involved and it was tied to something bigger than Dr. Carberry’s death, then Sherlock was probably the best person to prove John’s innocence.
John reached over to wake Sherlock who was snoring loudly. “Holmes. Wake up. Something’s the matter with Mrs. Hudson.”
“…yes…” She responded quickly.
“So, enough to kill him then.” Detective Baynes coolly responded, as he waved a hand about.
“Dr. Watson!” Mrs. Hudson cried before turning to Sherlock, “Mr. Holmes, please do something!”
“Carberry was working on an experiment…” John started, “it was some sort of drug…,” he sighed as he stood up from the chair to walk a bit away from Sherlock and Mycroft.
Sherlock laughed quietly as he placed a hand on John’s shoulder. “Nothing we can’t handle.” He looked sweetly at John who only groaned.
“We need to leave. Now.” Sherlock vaguely explained as he dragged John out of the office through the waiting area and toward the service entrance on the first floor.
“Watson!” John could still hear Sherlock calling for him, but he was unable to answer.
“What in the world happened to this man…” Mycroft wondered, “and what does that have to do with the drug?”
Sherlock huffed, stopping short of the breakfast table. John looked at him curiously before smiling, returning to his work.
“Indeed, Mycroft, but I’ve gotten more than just rest.” Sherlock sat up in the sofa before rising to walk to the fireplace.
But before Mrs. Hudson could respond, the man walked forward, barging his way into the room.
“Holmes!” John unwisely shouted.
“Also,” Mycroft started up again, “I want the two of you to stay with me in the estate bordering the city until the trial. I think you need a respite from all of this, Sherly. I don’t know how many times I must tell you that city life is dang—”
Sherlock shrugged. “No, not an inn.”
“Also, Watson, this thief has been giving us less time until his next target. We don’t have the time to rest.”
Mr. McArthur laughed. “Yes! That is true, but I would be careful Mr. Holmes,” he then leaned inward toward Sherlock, dropping his voice to a low whisper, “you’ll need to keep the Guild a secret. We are capable of many things.” He then winked at Sherlock.
“I must say, I think I am more in awe of your presence, Mr. Standish.”
“I contribute just fine. Don’t I always pay your street informants off for you?”
“Holmes!” John managed in a whisper. He tried reaching for Sherlock to keep him under the cover, but Sherlock was already on his way out from underneath.
Wiggins nodded again before dashing off in the other direction. Sherlock watched him leave before turning in the opposite direction and down the street, rounding a corner until he found an undisclosed section of rowhouses with a group of people walking in and out.
The detective holding out handcuffs in front of John seemed bewildered that Sherlock knew who he was, but then he quickly regrouped.
“James! James!” Mary shouted, waving at her brother, “please drive over here to pick me up!”
“Do you need anything, Dr. Schuller?”
intriguing.”
Mary nodded before opening the door again. “I’ll go now. Give me one minute before leaving.” She commanded before disappearing out into the hallway.
The heiress turned to nod back at John before facing Sherlock again. “Please, Mr. Holmes. You must stay for dinner.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Scotland Yard and Inspector Lestrade tend to get in the way of my work, so yes, I can empathize.”
“Yes?” Lestrade shook his head as he noticed that one of his superiors was attempting to get his attention.
“Yes?” The speaker asked as he looked in the direction of the cough, “you seem to want to add something to my lecture.” His annoyance was unmistakable to everyone, but he managed to remain cool.
“Made a donation last month and this month. Quite a few in the past.” John answered.
“Do I…know you?” Lestrade squinted his eyes as the man in the cap rushed past him and into the sitting room.
"That depends," Dr. Azarian said slowly. "Realistically, the likelihood that Dr. Watson is suffering from a compression injury alone is low. More likely he has some combination of the two--a compression injury as well as a lesion. If that is the case, treating the compression injury could help Dr. Watson regain some level of function in his leg, depending on the severity of the lesion. Unfortunately, we cannot know anything without actually attempting the treatment."
"Then why bring attention to yourself now?" John asked. "If you've managed not to be caught so far, you must have had a better way of getting blood than murdering people in their own homes."
During this time, Sherlock frequently left the house, staying out for long periods of time and then returning with a frustrated expression. John had tried to ask what he was doing, but Sherlock had merely grumbled that it wasn't important in the least and returned to whatever work he was doing.
Freeze your heart
“That’s not what I meant,” Sherlock says.
"Have you found her?" the doctor asked without preamble or apology as he extricated himself from Sherlock?
"Lestrade," Sherlock's tone bleed contempt, "I've already told you. I'm not looking for her."
Surprised, Sherlock backed up a step, nodded once, then turned on his heels and walked briskly out of the room.
"How can you be certain which is the correct diagnosis?" he asked, looking up at Dr. Azarian.
The star looked terrified and John hesitated. The hesitation gave the star just enough time to swerve again and fall, just out of John's reach.
"Right," he said, looking back to the fir... to Mrs. Hudson. "Okay then."
Sherlock's expression turned skeptical, but he followed John back into the living room.
"Come on!" the stranger beckoned him, looking impatient.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” the voice said with a laugh. “You can call me Scarecrow.”
Sherlock hesitated before accepting the bag, realizing that the pendant had the University of London’s medical school insignia inscribed on it.
John rubbed his head; he could hear Mrs. Hudson calling for them from out in the hallway.
“You’re…talking about Carberry’s antidote…” John responded in a hushed voice, all the while keeping his eyes on Detective Bayne’s revolver.
“Holmes,” Lestrade reached for the bag to turn it over, “the initials on the back are a match for Dr. Watson…not Dr. Carberry.”
“…a page in this journal is missing…” Sherlock commented mostly to himself, as he flipped through a journal he had found on Dr. Carberry’s desk. He inspected the torn page before flipping through a few more pages.
Madame Loire’s face turned even more red. She nodded her head quickly before shoving the photograph back into her pocket.
Bridget’s face brightened as she seemingly disregarded how grave the situation was. “Ah, Mr. Holmes! Thank you.”
The guide nodded. “Why yes, sir, actually…” She motioned for John and Sherlock to follow her to a tiny room off to the side of the main central hallway, “we had two historians from the University of London working on an exhibit on Lord Collingwood’s role in the Battle of Trafalgar.”
Detective Baynes perked up at the comment. “Experiment, Dr. Watson?”
“Watson,” Sherlock was tugging on John’s borrowed shirt, “we should leave.”
?” He asked, the incredulity in his tone quite evident.
The group of men mumbled back that everything was fine and that they would get the drug out as quickly as possible.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he patted John’s hand. “Well thank you for the compliment, but can we now please enjoy our vacation, Watson?” He grinned at John before rejoining the group.
“Fine.” John finally answered as he walked over to the other side of the bed to see what disguise Sherlock had picked out for him.
“Sherlock, how can I say this as nicely as possible without offending you?”
“May I help you?” The man asked.
Madame Loire’s face turned red as she accepted the photograph. “Merci, Monsieur Holmes.”
Wheeler jumped out of the way of Saxon thrashing around with the police. “What in the world is going on? I was only informed of this this morning. Saxon?”
Sherlock waved Mycroft off as he approached the guard post. “May I help you, gentlemen?” The guard asked.
“Glad to know that Lord Collingwood’s house is still in order.” John quipped as he followed Sherlock up to a tiny desk in the main hallway of the house. There was a guide sitting at the desk, looking through some documents. As soon as she noticed Sherlock and John, she quickly rounded the desk to greet them.
Sherlock motioned to John before walking to the door to Coney’s main office space. He jimmied the lock with ease.
The man made a move to knock on the door, but Moriarty stopped him with an outstretched arm. He then motioned for the man to stay behind him as he leaned up against the door to listen to Schuller working inside. Moriarty took a moment before drumming lightly on the door.
“John Plunket.”
Moriarty grinned. “Good.” He answered curtly before closing the door to the office.
William scoffed as both John and Sherlock held onto him in the opposite corner. “Me? You’re the one who attacked me!”
“I don’t believe so, no,” he said finally. “You’d have to ask the coroner to be certain though.
“I know who it is, Sherlock,” John repeated.
It was the last round. All John had to do was answer a question and they were free. And after that last question, what could John possibly say that would hurt either of them.
The creature turned toward him, its fangs bared.
"No, we can't," Sherlock murmured, making his way up the steep stairs.
“Your injuries,” Sherlock said finally. “How bad is it. Really?”
“I see,” the Colonel said, thoroughly examining the note.
“I’ve brought you a present,” the Colonel said cheerily.
“Bad business,” Alec looked regretful. “Well, come in. I’ll get us some tea and we can talk.”
“I’m fine,” John said stiffly.
Distantly, he realized he was panicking. Panicking? He didn’t panic. Not him. But the sight before him made his blood run cold.
“John!” Sherlock was watching the counter. They had less two minutes now.
Sherlock glared at Moriarty, then at the screen of the laptop. The liquids in the syringe were all different, but he had no idea which was which or how to tell.
"I'm afraid we haven't much time," Dr. Azarian replied. "The longer we wait, the higher the chance that any possible compression injury is causing irreparable damage."
He was working his way down John’s neck, leaving a trail of marks in his wake. He reached the area where John’s neck met his collar bone and stopped for just a moment, his tongue playing with the collar bone.
"You don't have to stay here," John mumbled, staring down at this lap. "I'll text you when they come with the results."
"Oh," John said, feeling foolish.
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment.
Sorry for the long delay. Back to updating this story regularly now.
“You…” John was actually trying to push himself up.
"I don't believe in God," Dr. Azarian said, turning to go. "But you don't have to believe in God to believe in one man."
“How will you get up there anyway,” she asked.
“Thought you’d like that,” Moriarty said sweetly.
He’d lost consciousness already.
He couldn’t objectively describe what was left as anything more than rubble, though, compared to the other crime scenes, the destruction was minimmal. The culprit had sprung this trap out of necessity. He must not have finished setting up the explosives yet. If he had, John would never have stood a chance. But part of the building still stood around where John had been standing. The explosives had been on the other side of the building. There was hope. It was small and tenuous, but there was hope.
He checked his pulse. Weak. Weaker than ever before. But still there.
“Sherlock…” John began.
, but I would just rather… I just want you to spend, you know… all your time with me.”
"Wait, where are we?" John looked back at the man, who shrugged.
“Then he’ll have to wake up and continue,” Moriarty said simply. “And I won’t even give him a time limit this time. He can take as long as he likes.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, took a breath, and turned to John.
“You’re saying this Sebastian Moran guy was the killer all along?” Lestrade asked John.
“There was this one guy,” John continued softly. “Sebastian Moran, Seb. I was deployed with him.”
"I know you two are rather cozy lately," she looked up at him, her eyes hard now. "I want to know where to find him."
Sherlock was shaking now. He was overwhelmed by anger and worry. Things were already bad for John and were clearly only going to get worse. And this game was clearly targeting John again.
this. It would make him more than uncomfortable. He would essentially be assaulting John. But what alternative did he have? He couldn’t allow John to be shot… again.
"I..." she hesitated. "Yes. I will. But only if I can remain undiscovered. I refuse to be driven out of this country."
John gasped, stumbling back as step as the stick arm thrust into his face. His breath caught in his throat and he felt ill. Then the adrenaline caught up to his system and he shoved at the scarecrow as hard as he could manage.
John’s eyebrow’s knitted together, as though he had no idea where they were or what they were doing.
The ladder to the bottom looked like it was under construction. A cage sat propped against the wall at the bottom of the shaft, clearly meant to protect climbers from falling from the top of the ladder.
Sherlock grinned back at him.
Something was wrong. Behind him, he could hear Sherlock calling him. He stopped and turned just inside the door, trying to make out what Sherlock was saying.
Meanwhile, John was protesting loudly. Sherlock ignored him. Then Mrs. Hudson appeared at her door.
“Sure,” the voice—the Scarecrow—said. “Just like that, if you like.”
flinty and unappetizing.
“Your wish is my command,” Moriarty pressed a button on the laptop and the camera zoomed into the keys of the safe. Moriarty then pulled the laptop close to Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock and John glared at Moriarty.
“A game,” Sherlock sighed. “How dull.”
John glared at the camera, but he picked up the pliers.
"Right," Harry laughed.
“Right,” Mrs. Hudson mumbled, turning and heading back to her flat.
"Er, alright," John shot an apologetic look at Molly. "You'll have to show me. That could be really useful!"
But now he had a chance... a chance to get something back. And now Sherlock decided to talk. And why? To talk him out of it? Why? Why wouldn't he want John to jump at even the smallest of hopes?
John was running, pulled down by the familiar weight of his army gear, dirt in his eyes, mouth, and throat, and shouts all around him. The Afghan sun beat down on top of him like a physical force and, no matter how long he had been there, he never seemed to grow accustomed to it.
--so very utterly and completely.
"Defense," Sherlock said, leaning the mirror against the wood and checking the trip wire, which he had tied to a plank of wood. "When I say now, pull this wire."
"You're here to get me to look for the princess again," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "I already told the king I'm not interested."
John hesitated, feeling rather foolish.
As he moved around, he muttered things, such as "Isolated -- probably chosen for his isolation," or "no sign of struggle."
“Fine,” Sherlock said and hung up.
Sherlock carefully lowered himself and John to the ground, still facing one another.
John groggily shook his head, both answering and shaking the fogginess out of his brain.
, he thought, amazed.
Lestrade approached with his badge out.
"It's okay to love someone, Sherlock," she said softly, sadness just evident in her eyes, "and it's okay to tell them too."
And there, cocooned in a complex device of metal and gauze, was his right leg.
Lestrade thought about what Sherlock had said at the hospital. John was his weak spot. Hurting him hurt Sherlock. But Sherlock didn’t feel things like other people did, did he? He had never cared about another human being since Lestrade had known him. He know Sherlock and John were close, in their own way, but to say that Sherlock cared about him like that… Like what? As a companion? A friend? Something more?
John had glanced to the side and found he was no longer surrounded by a teaming crowd in the middle of the main street, but was alone with the mysterious man in a small alley he had never noticed in all his years in the village.
For the next several hours, John and Colonel Hayter talked old war stories, laughing at the mischievousness they used to get up to in their military days. Sherlock listened contently, enjoying the insight he was getting into John’s past.
"A remedy for what, exactly?" he asked, trying to keep his tone neutral.
The witch narrowed her eyes and stepped forward so that they were only a step away from one another.
The cab had parked directly in front of the flat, making the journey from the vehicle to the door only a few short steps. Nonetheless, it took John a couple of minutes, leaning heavily on his newly re-acquired cane, to get inside.
“John!” his commander was calling him, but he couldn’t move.
“How is John?” Sherlock replied.
John tensed, preparing to fight if necessary.
"But why have the plant in the first place?" John asked.
"Not unless you know how to find the Witch of the Wastes," John said, shifting his weight in an effort to relieve some of the strain on his right leg.
Once they were finally in their seats, Sherlock let go of the breath he had been holding. John, unfortunately, seemed still to be holding his.
“Alright, now time for round two,” Scarecrow continued. “Now it’s John’s turn.”
“You’re
"That's not his name," Sherlock looked more annoyed than John had ever seen him, "and he isn't dead. He doesn't have the decency to die."
"Oh," Molly's eyes were a bit wide, but now that Sherlock had begun, he couldn't seem to stop himself.
They arrived at Molly's lab just as she was preparing the body. Sherlock immediately moved to it and pulled out his magnifying glass, examining every inch of the man's body carefully. Molly, ignoring him as though she were quite used to this, began her exam as well. John waited near the edge of the room, feeling rather useless.
. Sherlock quickly scanned John’s body, looking for the new wound. Not the head, thank God. Nor the throat, chest, or stomach. But where? He knew the man hadn’t missed, but where…?
Sherlock paused, his hands raised in a complicated gesture, and looked down at the now unconscious woman.
“Dare,” Sherlock said finally.
"This wasn't a vampire," she said, standing and turning to face them.
John stumbled as he stood and followed Sherlock toward the stairs.
“Fine,” Sherlock turned back toward the voice. “I’ll do it.”
John nodded. "That is odd."
John's eyes widened as and he took an involuntary step back.
"Can't," Sherlock mumbled, moving more boxes and shuffling papers.
"What is it now?" he asked, setting the cup down.
“I don’t think so,” he whispered.
“Yes,” John said, “and I suspect he only did it to get to… to us.”
“Go on,” the voice prompted.
“No help for it,” Sherlock said suddenly, sitting up and retrieving his phone.
Sherlock paced along the corridor outside John's room, fists clenched with the effort of not bursting into the room and interrupting John's consultation with the audiologist.
“It’s you,” he whispered.
John Watson sighed as he sat on the edge of his hospital bed, dangling his legs over the side, and trying not to fall over.
When they returned home, however, Sherlock had been quite restless, pacing the small room and refusing to speak to John. John, who had, by now, grown used to Sherlock's mood, had simply settled in by the fire and began chatting with Mrs. Hudson while he continued to research curses and contracts, to no real effect.
“Good job it’s not your choice then,” John said firmly. “I’m a grown adult, Sherlock, not a child in need of coddling and protection.”
John's eyes widened as he realized what had happened. Sherlock had been forced to sign the consent form to allow the amputation. His best friend had been the one forced to make the decision.
He turned to face John, who was now glaring at him.
“And what if we refuse to play your little game,” Sherlock asks, already knowing the answer.
“I…” John sighs and tries again. “This past year has been difficult for me. I’ve… struggled. It was hard not to get caught up in the past. It was hard to feel safe. I thought for a while that I would never be able to move past what happened. Never be able to feel normal again. And maybe that’s true, but I feel much closer than I thought I would already.”
“Yes?” the voice sounded gleeful again.
John took another breath.
John stared, wide eyed.
John thought he saw Sherlock grin, but it was gone too quickly to be certain.
He stepped forward, shooing a couple of police away, and began examining the room carefully.
Sherlock prepared himself. John was going to lay into him. Or worse, simply tell him that he never wanted to speak again.
"Oh, that's because the real house is in Porthaven," Mrs. Hudson explained. "The other locations are portals."
"Where does Sherlock go all the time," he asked one day as he sat by the fire, working fruitlessly on the spell Sherlock had left him, yet again.
Sherlock was shaking with anger. He looked over at John, who had somehow composed himself and was staring back at him. Sherlock couldn’t believe how strong this man was. Couldn’t believe his resilience.
"One that will only work if I'm correct about who the murderer is," Sherlock said, moving through a small doorway into a large room.
The doctor stopped walking. He turned back to look at Sherlock.
"Who won't stop knocking?" Sherlock asked, entering behind John and scowling at Mrs. Hudson.
He turned from the window and began making his way through the room, glancing down at the piles of papers and books. There were several files that looked to contain information about various crimes. John picked one up and found pictures of a rather gruesome murder. He put it back down where he found it.
When John finally woke, it was light outside and he was stiff from sleeping in the chair, but he felt significantly better than the night before. He glanced around, but didn't see Sherlock anywhere.
"Yes, how did you know about that?" John asked.
"As I was saying," Sherlock continued, "we'll need to question anybody close to the other victims."
“But that’s on a path. Open to the public. Why are we sitting off trail three hours into the forest?”
“What else?” John panted, not turning.
dampen the spark
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
John stared around at the ominous moving shadows, setting his bags down by the door.
"It looks quite shocking, yes?" he said with a sympathetic grimace.
Suddenly, understanding dawned in John’s eyes and he blinked.
“Shit,” Sherlock said again.
Sherlock growled. "Ignore it! It's Lestrade and I am in no mood to argue over that foolish princess again," he said, moving to his own chair.
and send it shuttling
“John!” Sherlock pleaded once again. “John, you have to wake up!”
But that didn't mean he was going to just sit here and do nothing about it. If he had a chance, he was going to take it. After all, what was his life worth if he lost everything again?
John nodded and turned the nob to blue, stepping out to find himself surrounded by the smell of sea and salt in the air. He glanced around and found a well maintained, but modest port town, with a dock just visible in the distance. Seagulls circled above in the sky and the sound of ships’ horns filled the air. He stood for a moment, simply taking in the sight, before pulling the trash outside and depositing it in the appropriate place.
“John,” Colonel Hayter said seriously, “you saved my life back in Afghanistan. You are welcome in my home whenever you like.”
Dr. Ramar stood without another word, handed John's chart to Dr. Azarian, and left the room as though nothing remarkable had just happened. Dr. Pakash followed him silently, shooting Sherlock a disapproving look on his way.
John narrowed his eyes, trying to resist the urge to swing his cane at her.
He blinked and tried to breathe--to calm down.
"Does that help us?" John asked.
He place the hand of his good arm on his side and felt blood, but the cuts didn't seem to be deep enough to be dangerous. Sherlock's eyes were tense as he examined John's other side.
"Hi Sherlock," the young woman said, her cheeriness contrasting sharply with her surroundings.
"No," Sherlock said shortly.
“Oh, and you might not want to depend on your brother’s little surveillance, by the way” Moriarty said. “I had Sebastian take care of them before we got there. So don’t worry. Nobody should interrupt our special time here.”
“I’ve given you everything you need to at least get a good start,” he growled.
“If we get lost, on your head be it then,” John said, though Sherlock didn’t hear any real concern in his voice.
“Welcome to your first puzzle,” Moriarty said cheerfully. “As a favor to Johnny and to you as well, my dear Sherlock, I have made John’s first puzzle more of a physical test, rather than a strictly mental one.”
John pursed his lips, but didn't respond.
Grunting, John pushed himself up to find Sherlock was no longer beside him. He pushed himself to his feet and ran forward, but stopped short when flashes of multi colored light began exploding just in front of him. In the flashes, John could see Sherlock and a tall, red headed woman circling.
“Hmm,” John smiled as a fire began to crackle. “Not a big camper, are you?”
The shot rang out so quickly that Sherlock didn’t have a chance to even think about putting himself between the bullet and John. He watched as John’s body jerked and he let out a moan.
I am sorry that I left the way I did. I know it was wrong of me, but I couldn't stand to be there with father any longer. Please don't think I left because I didn't care about you. You were everything, but I needed to strike out on my own and try to make my fortune. I didn't want you to have to take care of me my entire life.
“Well, that was fun,” the voice said.
Sherlock’s eyes had gone dull.
“This will hurt,” Sherlock placed the plank next to John’s leg, as close as he could get without actually touching it.
"So, you mean we are in an entirely different world?" John asked, a bit breathlessly.
John paused, trying to come to grips with this statement. After a moment, however, he gave up the effort.
"It means that, when the royal detectives are out of their league, which is always, they come to me. I solve crimes," Sherlock responded.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Of course.
“You’ve got 10 seconds,” the voice turned cold. “10, 9…”
“Have a good talk?” the voice made them both jump. “Because it’s time to play again boys.”
That got Sherlock’s attention. He finally looked up at Moriarty, his eyes wide.
John moved forward to run his hand over the thick vine. Sherlock was examining another vine next to him closely and John was watching him out of the corner of his eye, curious about what he was finding.
“Well, we aren’t you Sherlock,” Lestrade sounded just as exasperated as Sherlock. “We can’t just…”
Sherlock checked John’s morphine, clicking the level up just a touch.
He looked away from his leg and from Sherlock and settled his gaze instead on the bedside table. He didn't want to think about his leg right now. It didn't hurt for the moment, and, although John could not imagine why, he wasn't about to question his good fortune. And, truthfully, he simply didn't have the capacity to deal with it yet.
"Somebody with a lot of money and potentially a lot of space in a greenhouse," Sherlock's eyes were lit with an energy that John found both captivating and contagious.
“Down we go then?” John asked.
"Yeah," John said, "if I can see your mouth I can."
"Er," John said, still trying to collect himself, "good."
As John watched Sherlock, he knew things would be different now. He wouldn't be able to run off the same way he had before. He would have to figure out how to move in the world now that he moved differently. And he still had nightmares and tremors and panic attacks periodically. But, as Sherlock continued to enthusiastically describe the case they were now apparently working on together, he knew he would be able to figure it out. Because he wouldn't have to do it alone. He hadn't lost everything. Not this time.
Sherlock's fists clenched beneath the table as Dr. Azarian paused, looking directly into Sherlock's eyes. He took a deep breath before beginning to speak.
Sherlock was immediately suspicious. What exactly did this maniac think was easy.
Sherlock did the only thing he could think to do. Carefully, he laid himself down next to John, then moved close, allowing his body to partially cover John’s. He urged his warmth to seep into John’s body. Sherlock held John’s trembling body. He laid his head gently on John’s chest. There was nothing else he could do without medical equipment. He needed to get John out of here.
The others also began helping Alec clean up the mess while John watched. After a long moment, the table was turned right side up again and the mess was more or less cleaned. The inspector stood and looked around suddenly.
“Sick?” John asked.
Sherlock’s heart seemed to beat so fast it actually stopped.
“Yes!” Sherlock shouted.
"How does your chest feel?"
"I've no idea," Amelia growled. "But I certainly would like to find out."
John decided to move closer, thinking he might be able to see something hidden from up close. But before he had taken two steps toward the castle, he hit an invisible barrier that prevented him from moving any closer.
He had found John's nurse bustling about amongst her other charges and insisted she accompany him back to John's room with pain medication immediately. She had informed him that this wasn't how things worked and he had informed her otherwise. She had made him wait for her in the hallway on threat of not allowing him in the room outside of visiting hours. He had grudgingly acquiesced, simply to move things along.
“No,” John said, his voice a little breathy. “I’m going to try walking now.”
“On the lips, of course,” the voice seemed to read his mind. “With tongue. And Sherlock, if I’m not entertained, I’ll put another hole in John’s shoulder, so do make it good.”
It had been a couple of hours, but there were still officers mulling around and generally making a mess of things. Sherlock tries to ignore them but ends up snapping at a few who get in his way. Lestrade apologizes behind him but doesn’t bother telling Sherlock to control himself.
"Succinylcholine," Sherlock said, exasperated. "C
"Sherlock," John's own voice sounded odd to him and not, he now realized, though lack of use. "I... I think... I can't...I can't
John was staring at him now. Very intently.
John looked away. His chest tightened painfully and his head ached suddenly.
Sherlock and John both spun their heads (and John’s gun) toward it.
He moved directly to one corner of the room and lifted a scrap of carpet.
"It would be my luck to have come to the house, not only of a wizard, but a possessed fire," he murmured to the fire.
Second, he was sitting at a thirty degree incline. He suspected this had something to do with the bloody awful pain in his chest.
With that, Sherlock retreated back into the kitchen, leaving John and Lestrade in an uncomfortable silence.
She faltered in her growl, glancing behind John to Sherlock, who was still  pacing the room.
"She and I..." Sherlock looked uncomfortable. "We worked together once. She thought we were something more than we were."
“Alright, now time for round two,” Scarecrow continued. “Now it’s John’s turn.”
“Okay,” John’s voice was barely audible, but Sherlock heard it.
“We…” Sherlock swallowed, closing his eyes. “Afterward, I tried to call him, but he wouldn’t answer. I found him—a bit of detective work, very easy. He was with friends. They laughed when they saw me. They told me Victor was only with me on a… a dare.”
Mycroft nodded. “Did you tell the police that? If that’s the case, then they’ll probably let him go soon.”
Moriarty cracked a smile. “Wonderful.”
“Miss!”
“And,” John held up a finger, “I correctly guessed that he would strike at the National Gallery. And I was right, because
“Usually in case of a fire,” Warden James pointed to the staircase that descended downward toward the cells, “smoke triggers the mechanism in the doors, but we have a guard on watch down with the cells. Thankfully we only have two prisoners in the maximum-security cells, or um—”
John reached out his hand again to stop Sherlock. “Need I remind you that the police are looking for us, so Baker Street is definitely out of the question.”
The ringing in Sherlock’s ear finally subsided as he looked from side to side to see that he was lying on his back in the middle of the street.
“Fine,” Mycroft relented, picking up one of the vials “these vials…I’ve seen them somewhere…”
John sighed as he walked toward the bedroom, unbuttoning his shirt. “I think we should get a good night’s rest, Holmes.”
John stood up to turn around to see that one of the men from the group below was now standing on the walkway. John held up one hand as he held on Gladstone’s collar.
John thought it was strange but told himself that the detective was probably remaining calm as part of his duty as an officer.
“Dinner should be served soon, so take your time.”
“Simplistic, Mr. Holmes?” Moriarty asked, smiling.
“Dr. Watson is under arrest.”
disguise, but I really don’t have enough time to explain to you what’s going on.”
Sherlock frowned as he tried to get past his brother, but Mycroft easily blocked his path at each attempt. After struggling for a bit, Sherlock finally gave in as he backed away from Mycroft.
Lestrade scrunched up his face, but before he could make more sense of the telegram, he heard voices outside of Detective Baynes’s office.
Mycroft nodded as he spun around. “Of course! This is quite the dinner mystery!” He added with glee.
“Do you remember anything amiss about Westgate or the Yard? Did you hear or see anything?”
“I’m afraid that the guards do little for that poor man…”
“Sherly!” Mycroft shouted with delight as soon as John stopped their automobile in front of the mansion.
One of the train employees burst into the space, brandishing a gun. John wasted little time as he squeezed the trigger to his revolver, disarming their assailant almost immediately. Sherlock patted John on the shoulder before running out into the hallway.
“It’s Mary,” Mary answered curtly, briefly frustrated that Mycroft couldn’t seem to care to get her name right still, “and of course. Whatever you need me to do, Sherlock, I’ll do it.”
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. “Mycroft. This
“While my companion and I were outside inspecting the carriage house. We found evidence that someone had been sleeping there…”
“Mary,” John reached out to rub Mary’s arms, “we’re just here for a moment. I can’t get into right now because I don’t want to involve you in anything dangerous, but there’s more to this than just someone framing me for Carberry’s murder."
He motioned for John to follow him out into the dining room. Mycroft had Stanley throw a blanket over Standish’s body.
John staggered back a step as he looked back down at the pile of spoons before looking back at Sherlock who was now reviewing pages out of Carberry’s journal.
John looked at the label, but he was perplexed. “…look like the ones you already found?”
“The Battle of Trafalgar…,” John began again, “which led us then to Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery.” He tapped on a map of London, tracing a finger from the British museum to the art museum.
John huffed as he reached for the tea Mrs. Hudson had set out for them prior to their arrival. “Holmes, you are absolutely ridiculous. You’re aware of this, correct?”
“You’re responsible for the German railway. Admit it!” Mamhud shouted at William.
“Yes,” Sherlock responded quietly as he looked in the direction of Schuller’s cell, “the once respected chemist. He’s been in Westgate for quite some time,” he then turned to face John, “I have a lead with your case, Watson.”
There was a pause before some disconcerting scrambling. Moriarty motioned for the man to open the door. The man gawked at Moriarty before reaching for the doorknob, his hand trembling with every painful second. Moriarty ignored the man’s behavior, but his patience was wavering.
Sherlock shrugged. “I suppose that’s true, madam. Henry has his own way of doing things.”
Mr. McArthur winced before walking over to the designated window. He took a moment before sighing to himself, motioning around with his arms as he very awkwardly and very strangely performed a secret ritual associated with the Guild. The expressions on James’s and Mary’s faces betrayed that they were now doubly embarrassed by their father and his secret society.
Sherlock looked upward to see that he had ran into a door of an unoccupied hansom. As the voices drew nearer, Sherlock blinked quickly, trying to regain his composure before he jumped up to sprint away from his assailants.
Sherlock ignored Mycroft as he vigorously flipped through pages before finding the page he wanted. He hustled across the room back to his desk.
case. This is it; I’m telling you. There’s no way we can come back from this. The only feasible connection we had was with that nephew.” John’s body shuddered again as he felt ill thinking about that innocent young man falling into the vats.
Mycroft scoffed as he waved Stanley away. “Oh, poo. I was really hoping to help you solve the case.”
After a minute or so, Sherlock remerged from the bedroom, dressed like a dock worker, causing Wiggins to giggle uncontrollably.
A shockwave of terror shot throughout John’s body as soon as he heard a voice greet him. He stayed in his position before slowly turning around, trying to keep himself from reacting in a panic. As he turned to face the middle space of the upper floor, John could see Detective Baynes standing on the landing to the interior staircase leading from the ground floor of the sawmill.
“Here you are, sir.” She smiled at John and Sherlock as she opened the book to that day’s date.
“Should I even ask how you know we’re here…” Sherlock angrily whispered as they approached the area where the prisoners were detained.
“What in the world happened to this man…and what does that have to do with the drug?”
Sherlock settled in a chair opposite of Clara. “Pray tell what happened.”
And again, one more cough from the speaker’s unrelenting interrupter, but this time the speaker stopped his lecture as the restlessness in the audience brought on by the persistent cough became intolerable.
Sherlock crossed his arms. “I never said
Sherlock lingered as he stayed staring down at the pendant. Lestrade frowned as he looked back at Mary and Mycroft. Mary sniffled as she took out a handkerchief from her purse and Mycroft rose from his chair to walk toward Lestrade’s desk.
Sherlock stopped trying to maneuver past Lestrade as the inspector sighed. “They’re taking him to trial later this week. There’s nothing more you can do…I’m sorry.”
Sherlock looked at her intently. “I think not, Ms. Clara. What happened sounds like self-defense. Also, it also sounds as if we should hold a parade in your honor for exposing that terrorist plot.” He ended with a kind smile.
Sherlock expressed his incredulity with the statement, but Lestrade continued on. “Dr. Watson also owns a revolver...all we need to do is match the bullet we found at the scene to the revolver, Holmes.”
On another note, Basil Whitehall, in an effort to improve his public image, is now sponsoring a neighborhood program that will open several soup kitchens in and around the London area. These should be operational in the coming month. So, let’s see if this helps out dear old Basil…
A horrible smell wafted its way through John’s otherwise unsurprisingly restless slumber, forcing him awake.
“…the last time I saw Carberry I was arguing with him about what he was working on…that night I found out that he was testing his experiment on people in Whitechapel…”
“Persuasion.” Moriarty answered with a slight hand wave.
As the atmosphere between the three grew awkward and tense, Mycroft laughed; his whole body shook with merriment.
Moriarty nodded slightly as he pursed his lips, seemingly considering his henchman’s pleas. After a moment of reflection, Moriarty turned to walk around his desk. He searched through a drawer before pulling out a medium-sized pistol with a pearl handle. He aimed the pistol at the man before shooting him in the stomach. The man shrieked in pain as he crumbled to the floor.
Sherlock hesitated before crouching down near the priest as Mycroft rushed to the other side of the room, too disturbed by the scene.
John, expressing bewilderment, watched Sherlock reach out to him through the bars before turning to catch up with Mycroft. Sherlock and Mycroft quickly ascended the steps leading into the guard room before taking the hallway back toward the director’s office. But before entering, Sherlock stopped Mycroft with an outstretched arm.
“That’s…possible?” John let out.
Not long after, Sherlock and Mycroft were back at Baker Street. Mycroft was sitting in a chair on the opposite side of the room watching Sherlock tinker at his desk in the other corner, remaining completely quiet as he inspected the samples taken from the chapel. Mycroft sighed as he watched his brother work.
"No," Sherlock said.
John stared, "Wizard Homes? You mean the one in the moving castle?"
“What happened?” Angelo asked, actual concern clear on his face.
Molly looked at him suspiciously again.
When he opened the door, he found Lestrade standing there, looking rather apprehensive.
“Do you have it with you?” Sherlock asked without preamble.
"Yes," John said, wonder in his voice. "Yes, Sherlock. It hurt!"
Sherlock carefully described John’s symptoms.
"Hmmm," Sherlock murmured. "Need more data."
“How can I help?” he asked finally.
He looked around at the swarming bodies and, to his shock, saw soldiers in amongst the townsfolk. They were in full uniform, just as he remember, and were running and ducking. He heard their shouts and the sound of explosions.
After a few tense minutes (or possibly hours—he couldn't tell), he began to hear an annoying noise he thought he recognized. Squinting up through dust, he saw Lestrade, who had finally arrived and was angrily shouting for him to get the fuck out of the building.
Then, just as quickly as the memories had come back, John seemed to return to his body. And his body was in
“No,” Dr. Khatri said. “I’m not taking it out with you in here. You’ll be in the way. Plus, it’s protocol. If you won’t leave, I’ll have you removed.”
"Of course I do," John growled. "Stay the fuck away from here."
Sherlock pushed his way into the greenhouse, John moving in behind him. They stood in the door for a moment while Sherlock inspected the area. Finally, as though he had seen something invisible to John, Sherlock moved confidently forward and to the left. John followed, not questioning Sherlock's judgement.
Much of the following few chapters is inspired by the Saw movies.
John was several paces ahead of him, apparently making his way without a care in the world. Although he had been stationed in a desert, he clearly knew how to make his way around a forest.
"Yes," Sherlock shouted, "and I... I... That was STUPID, John!"
“Yes,” John said quickly.
“The rules are really quite simple,” Moriarty continued. “John must simply get to the door on the other side of the room to escape. The door is open. However, there is a time limit, Johnny boy. You’ll need to get there before two hours is up. Otherwise, the door will lock and the game will be over. For both of you.”
The cell was bare and cool. Sebastian Moran sat on the hard cot, idly thinking about his next mission. He was totally unconcerned with his situation. He would be out soon. Moriarty would ensure it. He just had to wait. And perhaps there would be a bit of fun in the meantime.
Sherlock swallowed.
John swallowed.
“Truth,” he managed, clearly just trusting that Sherlock knew what he was doing.
John was going to have to give himself stitches.
delicious
“Thank you,” John whispered.
Shit.
They stared at one another for a long moment. Then they laughed. They laughed like they had the night they chased the taxi. They laughed like they weren’t in a tunnel fighting for their lives. They laughed like old friends.
? I was hoping he would get to have a hand in this too. Only seems right.”
Sherlock didn’t get the reference, but he didn’t care either.
The winter sun beat down through the limbs of the trees, barely reaching the ground through the thick foliage. In the distance, birds sang and various and sundry animals made their way through the underbrush. Leaves crunched and sticks cracked underfoot. Branches and roots seemed to appear out of nowhere, apparently intent on tripping, scratching, and simply annoying him.
Instead, he was on the phone with Mycroft before five minutes had passed, after a brief but furious battle with himself over asking his brother for help.
“Count!” Sherlock barked.
When they arrived back at the castle, John's mind was racing. He hadn't had so much excitement since the war. He had even almost managed to forget about the alternately aching and shooting pains in his leg and shoulder.
“No idea,” Sherlock answered, moving over to sit next to him. “Until I solve the case, I suppose.”
Moriarty laughed again.
“Sebastian?” John’s throat is dry. Sherlock hands him a cup of water.
“Oh,” John said. To Sherlock’s relief, John neither pressed nor seemed amused.
"That's John," Sherlock said, waving a hand dismissively. "He's with me. Now tell me about the case."
Sherlock just stared.
"I'm sorry John," he handed the paper back to John, who stared down at it.
John wasn’t breathing.
As frustrating as his shoulder was, however, it was nothing when compared to his leg. He could hardly locate the origin of the pain, which radiated up and down the limb like an electrical surge every time he tried to move it. The joints, however, seemed to be particularly painful areas. He tugged at his trousers until he could see his ankle and found it inflamed and swollen. He winced and let the trouser leg go again.
"No," Sherlock returned without a pause.
Any moment now an explosion was going to rip through his home and everything he loved was going to be destroyed. He tried to move, but his legs would no longer respond to his commands. And now Sherlock was coming toward him.
By the time John finished giving himself stitches, he was breathless and even shakier. Sherlock had lost count of how many stitches he had needed. Although John was quite adept at giving stitches, even in combat scenarios, his shakiness had made his work a little sloppier than it usually would have been. He had covered the worst of it with the bandages provided though and, after bathing in alcohol, he was no longer soaked in his own blood.
“What?” Sherlock breathed.
But as they stared at one another, John looked to his future with considerably more hope than he had ten minutes before. His lung may have destroyed his hope of regaining feeling in his leg, but at least he hadn't lost everything. He hadn't lost Sherlock. And that was everything that mattered.
“That’s not good,” Molly said.
"Waiting for what?" John asked, turning slightly in his chair to watch as Sherlock pulled several books from a shelve and stacked them on a nearby table.
"Huh? Pursued? Wait..." but the stranger had taken his hand and set off, all but dragging him behind.
The man looked up, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock.
"Dr. Watson," he said, addressing John without any hint of condescension, "you should know the risks before you make your decision."
Sherlock thought about John's past love interests--all women. He thought back to every time John had loudly insisted he wasn't gay--usually when somebody had assumed he was romantically entangled with Sherlock. He thought back to John's anger with him over the past few days--to his outbursts and distance. And he knew just as clearly as he now knew his own feelings toward John that John did not reciprocate them.
Sherlock was covered in blood. His wrists and ankles were raw and bruised. And he looked… intense. Lestrade stood to the side, watching him. Molly looks to him when it becomes clear Sherlock isn’t going to answer.
Harry moved to the door and picked up Fluff, who struggled weakly in her arms. John followed just in time to see the door open, revealing the Witch of the Wastes.
"I felt it!"
Sherlock’s panic increased as he stumbled to his feet, ignoring the pounding in his head and sudden nausea, and closed the distance to the now half-destroyed building. Behind him, he could hear the sounds of the crowd reacting to the noise and sirens blaring (too late, as usual).
“Shoot him,” Sherlock reiterated.
“It’s very generous of you,” John said, turning back to Hayter.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said simply.
"How is he?" Sherlock asked, as he came to a halt in front of the doctor, his heart beating wildly.
"John," Sherlock said, then took a deep breath as though preparing himself for something unpleasant, "do you feel my hand on your leg right now?"
long having practiced the art
John didn’t care to think about how it made him feel.
"After you were stabilized, Dr. Azarian discovered a small pulmonary contusion in your left lung, which prevented full gas exchange and caused your respiratory distress. It was small enough to avoid detection before your surgery, but big enough to cause problems once the lung collapsed again. You've been in a medically induced coma and on a ventilator for three days while your lungs and heart recovered."
They arrived back at the door to the house after only a few short minutes. Sherlock opened the door and waited for John to go through, still staring at him as though afraid he would collapse at any moment. John felt shaky, but he wasn't entirely sure it was from the Witch. He could still feel Sherlock's arm around his waist -- the pressure and the warmth and the feeling of security.
“As I said,” Moriarty says finally. “I am a fair man. It wouldn’t be a good puzzle if you didn’t have at least some clue, I suppose. So, John?”
John groaned but didn’t scream. Not a good sign.
“No!” Sherlock finally found his voice. “Stop now!”
"Yes," Sherlock said simply.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “The first thing you must do is offer a reward for any information on the matter. This is a small village. If your murderer is a local, he might be known. I have jotted down what you might say here, if you would not mind signing it. Fifty pounds is quite sufficient, I believe.”
Sherlock glared down the dark tunnel.
“With his injuries he’ll be in surgery for hours,” Sherlock said. “I need to see the warehouse now.”
“What?” Sherlock let his gaze drift over John’s body.
"Hmmm," John glanced out into the distance. "Any idea where to find him?"
"But...," he didn't understand. It wasn't like Sherlock to be so irrational. "But I'm useless like this. I can't do anything. I can't run off to crime scenes or chase after suspects or... or anything. I'm useless!"
Sherlock found John’s hand in his. John was pressing a cold object into his palm. Sherlock knew what it was without looking.
“And I choose me.”
Blood.
,” Sherlock said, pulling his phone out of his pocket and dialing quickly.
"How do you know?" John glanced out the window to see the coach approaching the docks.
"I know."
"Hello Molly," Sherlock murmured, stepping closer. "I see you've prepared the body. Excellent."
"This isn't about the princess and Suliman," Lestrade sighed.
A flash of light illuminated the desolate land, revealing for just an instant the soldiers surrounded by grotesque creatures. Heat radiated from seemingly all around and the sounds of screams and shots drown out everything, including thought. John Watson watched as a soldier fell to his knees, blood pooling and soaking his legs. He could hear himself screaming, but could not make out he was saying. He ran forward, moving through the minefield of explosions and shots to reach the young man. He was only a child, terrified and vulnerable. John reached him just as his eyes closed. He found the source of the blood in the young man's leg and applied pressure. His hands were covered in blood and he felt sick. Then he heard a shot, as if in the distance, and felt himself fall forward.
Dr. Azarian frowned as he turned his attention from John to Sherlock, though he didn't look annoyed, as he typically did when he dealt with Sherlock. No, he looked...worried? Sherlock felt the panic in his chest swell and took a deep breath.
“I’m a very good shot, Mr. Holmes. Do I need to show you again?”
Sherlock was speechless.
Lestrade smiled at him, but Sherlock turned away again.
“As I suspected,” the voice said.
"Come on," he said quickly, "we need to move. That spell will keep the ghost out for a while, but it won't last forever. It could come back any moment."
Sherlock knew this. He couldn’t help but keep track of the days since then, counting them down like a timer, hoping for the day when they would both be completely free of that warehouse.
“It looked like somebody had cut him open and dug around inside,” the doctor said.
Sherlock paced up and down the small room, restless and manic. He was running his hands through his already wild hair, making it stand on end.
How long was this doctor going to take? How long would they have to wait? He thought through what was likely happening to John.
He hung up the phone and went back to pacing.
John chuckled.
Sherlock stares at him but doesn’t’ respond.
John’s eyes had gone dark.
“Who’s Sebastian Moran,” Lestrade invaded his thoughts again.
“Okay,” he said, putting the knife to John’s shoulder. “Are you ready?”
John frowned, surprised. He had assumed the doctor would prefer to go over the chart with him verbally.
“Sherlock,” John finally opened his eyes, blinking and squinting up at Sherlock. “Are you okay?”
“Why, Johnny’s here’s life, of course,” Scarecrow laughed.
John was in and out of consciousness for the next few days, still on the respirator. Sherlock begged, pleaded, threatened, cajoled, did everything he could to get John off that damn respirator. He was clearly in pain and wanted to say something, but he couldn’t with that thing down his throat. But the doctors were being conservative. With John’s lung still healing and his fever still high, they didn’t want to risk it.
“How many rooms are will John have to work through?” he asks.
"You promised I could remain undercover," she growled. "The longer I stay out here, the more likely it is I'll be spotted."
Sherlock watched helplessly as John finished and thread the needle with his shaky hands. He paused, assessing, then plunged the needle into the skin on his arm, wincing as the needle bit into him.
"Colleague?" Sally asked, looking incredulous. "How does the freak get a colleague. Did he follow you home?" She directed the last question at John, who raised an eyebrow at her.
await you
“Why this is the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes,” Colonel Hayter said.
With a gesture, Moriarty steps closer to John, allowing room for Sebastian Moran to enter and stand beside him.
It took a full ten minutes for the first tooth to come out. Ten minutes of Sherlock watching John screaming in agony. By the time the tooth was on the table, John was shaking and panting, his mouth covered in blood.
Moriarty laughed.
"Sorcerer Holmes?" he asked when John opened the door.
“Shit,” Lestrade breathed when he had finished. “John’s not going to survive any more of this. Why exactly are they so intent on hurting him anyway. Wouldn’t Moriarty want to hurt you?”
Sherlock was staring at the chart, trying to read it. It was just John’s basic information. Nothing useful. He needed the doctor to get to the point.
John was clearly fighting through the fog in his head to think. Sherlock wanted to tell him to choose truth. He could take all three truths and only have to perform two dares. But he had a suspicion John was thinking the same thing. Damned fool.
Mycroft and Lestrade were apparently working together on getting Sebastian, but he was a slippery arsehole. They had plenty of information on him up until a couple of years ago. Then he seemed to have just disappeared. Even Mycroft couldn’t locate him. Not a good sign.
John followed, grabbing his cane and coat. Sherlock turned the door to black and stepped into the nothing. Hesitating just slightly, John followed, eyes closed and heart racing.
The woman stumbled forward a step, then fell to the ground.
“Sherlock,” he said urgently, “if you get back and I’m… I’m not…”
"It didn't exactly help," he said.
“Thank you for the ride,” John said, maneuvering himself to the edge of the seat and opening the door.
She draped her arms around Sherlock before he could stop her, but he delicately stopped her from hugging John, afraid she might knock him over.
“No worries,” Alec said, rushing over to help.
They made it into the hallway. A nurse hurried up to them.
Across from him, Sherlock blinked slowly and took a moment before replying.
Sherlock locked the name away in his head. He didn’t like where this was going.
“He’s in no shape to play games,” Sherlock couldn’t keep the pleading from his voice. “Look at him.”
“You boys okay?” she said, “I heard…”
"Your contract?" John asked, highly confused.
“You’re the doctor,” he said, more softly now. “Tell me how to move you.”
Dr. Azarian grinned again, clearly aware of John's effort. Then he glanced around the empty room.
Sherlock feels a little insulted. More of a recluse than he. What was that supposed to mean?
“Well then,” he said, “how did you do it? Where did you find that note? How on earth did you suspect the Cunningham’s were involved?”
"I am the head of Dr. Watson's treatment team at the moment, yes," Dr. Azarian said, "though I am not the expert in crush injury."
He sat encompassed in his uncomfortable silence, shocked and reeling, for several long moments. Disparate parts of his mind fought for attention, leaving him feeling weak and numb.
The dog whimpered, its teeth still bared, but as John moved forward, it did not move to bite. Gingerly, John ducked behind the dog to find the source of its tangle. In the bush, he found the end of the rope tied around some kind of bar. Sighing, he leveraged his weight against his good leg and began tugging. After a long moment of effort, he managed to pull the rod free and, after a bit of work, untangle the dog from the rope.
He glanced over at John in the passenger seat. He had decided to rent a car for the trip—easier on John with his healing injuries. He wasn’t a huge fan of driving, but if it was necessary, he was able.
He was not wrong. Molly continued her examination, sometimes chatting with John, sometimes remaining quiet and focused. John stood leaning against the wall and his cane, trying not to yawn or nod off.
“20 seconds,” the voice laughed. “I think you might have been right Sherlock. Poor Dr. Watson doesn’t appear to be taking this well.”
Sherlock stared at the tunnel.
"I don't know," Sherlock said, looking carefully around. "Not enough data yet."
"Are you going to share what's going on now?" John asked, glancing out the window to see they were moving toward the center of the city.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John stared at his friend in confusion.
John shook his head, clearly trying to find the words or the will to say them.
“What do you mean you haven’t found anything,” Sherlock whispered angrily.
“You’re just going to keep torturing him,” he yelled. “How the hell do we have any chance of winning if you just keep torturing him.”
She had changed so much since he'd last seen her -- matured and grown. She looked radiant, her red hair cascading long down her back and a smile on her face. She embraced him in a tight hug and he embraced her back, feeling something lift from him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he turned to John.
"Yes, of course," Sherlock was still frowning.
"I hope so," the young man said. "My uncle's been killed and nobody can figure out who did it."
Then he was off.
He looked back at John, still panting, face pale, eyes closed.
“I let him shoot you,” Sherlock exclaimed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Good call?” he asks innocently.
“You two are going to get yourselves killed one day,” Angelo said passively. “Let me get a candle for your table. More romantic.”
“Dr. Watson,” she sounded highly surprised and a bit disapproving. “You should be in bed. Do you need a wheelchair?”
"Impossible," Sherlock had moved back toward them and was now crouching beside John.
"I mean," she said, pity now entirely evident in her expression, "why it matters that the risks outweigh the benefits. Why you care so much whether or not he goes through with the surgery. Why you've been at his side since he got hurt.
"I'm not sure I should stay," he said finally, "Wizard Holmes eats hearts, after all."
Moriarty moved to the laptop again and pressed another button. Nine numbers popped up on the various objects in the room.
“What does that have to do with me?” John rasped.
Moriarty laughed heartily.
“Oh that’s the fun part,” Moriarty said. “There are two antidotes to nerve gas that need to be administered together: atropine and pralidoximine chloride.”
me not to tell,” John said softly. “He… He… He…”
He could feel sweat dripping down his forehead as he stared at the containers. On the other side of the room, John sat patiently, beginning to look more and more pale.
There was a moment of silence before Sherlock shouted, "yes!" jumping in the air as though he were a child receiving the only gift he'd ever wanted.
“And one last question,” Sherlock said to the inspector. “The body. Did it have powder marks around the gunshot wound?”
"Either we are dealing with a very careful vampire," Sherlock said, "or a very clever serial killer."
! Nothing but
“Why?” Sherlock asked, confused.
Sherlock grinned at him. "This case had the smell of old sea written all over it. Whatever was framing Amelia had to be just as old as she was to know about her presence. It was around before the vampires left. Mermaids are old -- ancient. The legend fit too perfectly for it to be anything else."
“Exactly,” John said, his voice shaking slightly. “I would have had a dull, ordinary, miserable life without you Sherlock.”
The ship lurched again and John stumbled into the wall. Sherlock looked back, his eyes wide.
Sherlock flew into the room.
"Leave it," Sherlock grumbled.
"Nope," John said with finality, "I am not having bread for every meal while I'm here. Come on. Let's get this done so I can get started clearing some of this mess up."
"I've got some inside information," Sherlock said.
John hummed, but continued watching Sherlock pace. He hoped something would happen soon to take his mind off whatever was bothering him. He was rather afraid he would start tearing up the house before long.
“To begin the game, of course,” Moriarty said.
“There are no tourists,” Sherlock squinted in front of them, trying to see their attacker. “The mine is closed. Safety issue they’re fixing.”
“I’m going to help you find the first aid kit,” Sherlock said, trying to sound confident. “But I need your help. Can you get up?”
John had never been happier to see a front door in his life. After several weeks in hospital, followed by seemingly endless physical therapy in another facility, he had begun to despair of ever seeing the front door of 221 Baker Street again. He stared up at it from the back of the cab as though it were a fabled portal to faraway lands.
“Oh,” he said, turning back to John and Sherlock, “keep a bit of an ear out tonight. We’ve unfortunately had a string of rather odd crimes in the area lately. Just be mindful.”
“Fine,” he mumbled, stepping to the door.
“You can go in now,” he said offhandedly.
Sherlock calculated for a moment, creating a vague mental map of where he might find John.
“Oh,” Moriarty said dismissively, “and do be careful of the wire, Johnny. It is very sharp. That stuff can cut right through you like paper.”
He let the breath out.
“Shh,” Sherlock grabbed John’s good hand. “Don’t try to talk yet. Give it a little time. Don’t worry. I’ll be here.”
Sherlock did not resist. He allowed his body to move into John’s, careful to avoid his many and sundry injuries. John’s form pressed against his own was intoxicating. His hand were now wrapped around Sherlock’s back, holding him close. Sherlock realized suddenly he had taken hold of John’s hair and was pressing his face closer. Meanwhile, John’s tongue continued to work its magic, gently guiding Sherlock’s tongue and exploring his mouth.
“Shut up,” Sherlock barked.
John took a breath and stepped inside the room.
By the time they arrive at the hospital, John is unconscious. Sherlock is glad. He couldn’t imagine the pain John must have been in. At least now he would be on consistent pain management.
“I’ve been taking it slow,” he said grumpily. “If I keep taking it slow, I’m never going to get out of here.”
When John arrived back at the clinic, he found a note waiting for him on his desk. He stared at it for a long moment, wondering how anybody had gotten into the locked clinic to leave it and feeling a vague apprehension. Finally, he picked it up and found, lying beneath it, a familiar pocket watch. He hesitated, reaching out to touch the small piece. Then he began reading.
They arrived, some time later, at a large, square building that, upon closer inspection, turned out to be a hospital. John had never seen one in person, though he had heard about them in the war. He had been treated in a war clinic, which was as close to a hospital as he had ever seen, but nothing compared to this building, which was bustling with activity and full of strange equipment John had only ever heard about. He wanted to stop and examine everything, but Sherlock lead the way though the main doors and down a flight of stairs to a basement level, where a set of double doors stood at the end of a long hallway.
who eats hearts
“What is it?” he asked.
Looking around, he could see dust and minuscule debris floating around him, so he couldn’t have been out for long. Something on the edge of his consciousness was demanding attention, but he couldn’t quite catch the thought. Something was wrong, but what?
John nodded carefully.
"Why are we here?" he asked finally.
“Easy,” Scarecrow said. “If you and John are both still alive by the 10
Behind her, a meek looking young woman with light brown hair shuffled into the room and cowered by the door. John glanced at her, then looked back to the towering woman.
He watched helplessly as John’s body jerked once, just after the sound of the shot. He watched John’s face as a look of surprise crossed it. He watched John’s hands lose their grip and slip off of the ladder. He watched John tumble through the air, almost gracefully.
But then a voice penetrated the fog of panic. It was very soft and difficult to hear, but it was a voice a would recognize anywhere.
“Fine,” Sherlock’s voice was tight and filled with rage.
“35 seconds,” the voice replied gleefully.
John was still blinking blearily up at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked back at John, who was staring back up at him. He quickly scanned John’s broken body. Bum shoulder, so he would only have one good arm to help. And that arm was, of course, on the same side of his body as the broken leg. The leg, which was tied to a board. And even his good leg was sprained. Not to mention the broken ribs and collapsed lung, which would make leveraging himself up extremely difficult if not impossible on his own. And then, even if he managed to get up, how would he get back down again?
He moved over to a small pile of wood near the corner of the room and crouched down behind it. John followed, still glancing at the grotesque scene around him.
At her mention of John's name, Sherlock's focus finally centered squarely on Molly, who looked startled at the force of his gaze.
One of the men--tall and thin with what Sherlock thought was a rather bored expression--straightened in his chair and took John's chart from Dr. Azarian.
"Yes," Sherlock said.
He tried again.
"We lived together," Amelia smiled at her lap. "We spent our time building this place, so that we could have access to the city when we needed it. And then, eventually, she died. Humans do that.
“Alright John,” he said suddenly. “Time to go. Better hurry.”
Sherlock stopped the carriage in the middle of the city and got out, telling John to wait for him. John watched as Sherlock moved to a clearly homeless individual and leaned against the wall next to her. They spoke for a moment, then Sherlock handed her some money and moved back to the carriage.
Madame Loire and James looked at each other before sitting down. Sherlock then walked to the middle of the room as he began explaining his findings of the evening’s events.
John rolled his eyes at the word “associates” as he fumbled behind Sherlock and Mycroft with most of their luggage.
John nodded, knowing that Sherlock was referring to them hiding underneath the covering until it was clear to search the sawmill. Sherlock walked ahead with John following closely behind. They trekked quietly through brush coverings that had swarmed the abandoned complex of the sawmill.
Mary expressed her annoyance with her father’s childish behavior and her brother’s dismissiveness.
The color drained from Mr. McArthur’s face as he looked back and forth between Sherlock and everyone else.
Sherlock stopped pacing as he faced the fireplace. “…something’s not right…I’m certain.”
The near empty space was so quiet that Sherlock’s voice echoed. The guide turned away from the exhibit, walking briskly back to the desk. She searched around the desk until she found another book.
“Watson,” Sherlock whispered, “go back down near the furnaces…I’ll approach from the walkways.”
Lestrade nodded; he was unable to do anything else. Lestrade’s superior patted him on the shoulder before turning around to walk back toward the house. Lestrade watched his superior approach Detective Baynes who was speaking to another officer. Detective Baynes greeted the man before turning slightly to glance back at Lestrade, grinning before turning to face Judge Becket’s house.
“Thanks, Mr. ‘olmes!” Wiggins responded gleefully before turning around to sprint out of the sitting room.
Henry shook his head again as he backed up against the railway. “I can’t! He’ll have me murdered.”
Sherlock sighed through the pain as he felt his eyes water, feeling a hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock eyed Mycroft as he massaged his wrists from the tight hold the officers had on him previously. After a minute or so, he finally nodded as one of the officers escorted him and Mycroft to John’s cell.
But before John could finish his statement, the sight of a shadowy figure running across the cemetery and into the carriage house interrupted his thought. Sherlock gasped with delight as John hung his head, shaking it before taking in and letting out a deep, drawn-out breath.
“What in the devil is going on?” William had appeared at the top of the staircase. Not too far behind him was Fedorov and Mamhud.
“Watson even said it himself; I’m the only one who can help him…” Sherlock slumped down into the sofa, “…but I’m probably the reason why he’s in this mess…”
“Fine,” Lestrade finally let out, “I’ll let you know if I hear anything, but please keep a low profile.”
“For god’s sake!” The man muttered to himself as another ring penetrated his solitude. He rose from his chair in his library in a huff, tossing his book onto his desk as he straightened himself out before walking through the hall passage to get to the vestibule to answer his inconvenient caller.
Once they arrived at one of the rowhouses labeled “23”, Sherlock motioned again for Wiggins to follow him slowly into the building. They entered, walking down the hallway, immediately seeing a door to one of the units flung wide open. Sherlock held up a hand for Wiggins to stay still as he approached the unit, inching his way to the open door.
“We have little time,” he threw John his coat, “we must get to the residence of William Wheeler.”
“How so, Doctor?”
Mycroft sighed. “Sherly. Please. You’re making me anxious.”
Detective Baynes gathered himself from being frightened now by Gladstone’s insistent barking before waving for his men to arrest John.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock interrupted, “you’ve seen what happens with this drug. We have to get Watson out of that prison.”
“Mary! Oh, sorry…,” a man had entered the room, outwardly surprised to see Mary in the parlor with Sherlock and John, “didn’t realize we had company…”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “Too bad you
Sherlock grinned as he held out the piece of the HMS Victory. “Dr. Saxon’s only goal was to get this piece of British history. Those paintings he managed to walk off with were only distractions from the very beginning. My companion and I,” Sherlock winked at John before pacing back and forth, “tracked him to Lord Collingwood’s house and soon after it was discovered that Saxon had given the coat he was wearing when he obtained
Mary shook her head. “James, please. We must tell father.”
“Well,” Mycroft began as it became clear that the atmosphere in the room had taken a dark turn, “perhaps we should retire to the sitting room for some coffee and cake?”
Sherlock nodded as he walked over to the telegraph box hanging on the wall next to the door that led into the hallway. He grabbed a hanger hanging on the hall tree for guest coats before using it to pry open the telegraph box. John gasped before settling as he watched Sherlock pull some wires out of the box. The box sparked a few times before Sherlock closed it. He then calmly walked over to the sofa to sit down with John who looked flabbergasted.
After listening to Standish retell a run-in with a colleague of his who had drawn his wrath for not supporting a particular policy, the group slowly dispersed for the night.
Lestrade looked both ways before walking down the hallway to Detective Bayne’s office. He knew that the detective typically arrived later to his office especially when he was out on an assignment as significant as the Carberry case.
John’s mouth fell open as he glared at Mr. McArthur for being so callous toward his staff before seeing to Madame Loire who looked to be regaining consciousness.
“How was your drive? You must be tired, but I know that the Doctor most likely spirited you here in half the time!” Mycroft’s smile had turned into a sneer as he watched Sherlock and John unmount their luggage from their automobile.
He continued to grumble as he walked to the other side of the room where their luggage was stored. Sherlock followed him before perching himself against a window sill, watching John rummaged through their luggage. Heavy rain fall from outside could be heard audibly in their room.
Clara looked up at the two men; her face was stern, but she wasn’t upset.
“And here is our murder weapon.” Sherlock said with delight, patting John on the shoulder, “nice work, ol’ boy.”
Mycroft eyed Sherlock. “Well, yes…and the doctors are—or were acquaintances so there’s a good chance Dr. Watson lost the pendant at Carberry’s prior to his last visit.”
“Dear brother!” Mycroft opened the door to the sitting room, “I hope you’ve managed to rest.”
John sighed as he rose from the bed to find a robe. He secured the robe before walking out into the sitting room to hear a man speaking to Mrs. Hudson beyond the door, but he didn’t recognize the voice.
Gladstone, who was sleeping in his bed nestled next to the fireplace, perked up before walking over to Sherlock to lick his hand.
Soon after, John and Sherlock found themselves again in the sitting room, sitting across from Bridget who looked horrified.
“Sherly! Did you catch the murderer?” He asked as Stanley approached the bed with some tea.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock finally appeared in the sitting room, “Detective Baynes, what’s going on?”
“Dr. Watson is under arrest for the murder of Dr. James Carberry.”
“Mr. Holmes! Dr. Watson!”
The statement made Schuller flinch again which caused Moriarty to smile even wider.
“I kid!” He slapped John hard on the back, “
Lestrade barely blinked back before shaking his head. “Holmes, you cannot get more involved. You’ve already done more damage than you realize. Blowing up a prison? A Judge’s house? Holmes! You are reckless!”
John laughed as he rubbed Sherlock’s arm. “I promise I’ll make this up to you, all right? The days will fly by, I promise.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I think you and I are in need of a vacation. The countryside perhaps?”
Mycroft blinked a few times as if he hadn’t understood Sherlock. “But—what?”
“What!” Mr. McArthur shouted, “I knew I needed better locks.” He attempted to sit up straight in his chair, but he slumped to the side.
Mycroft sighed as he rose from his chair. “Obviously, I can’t leave you unattended until all of this is sorted out. No telling
“Everyone,” Sherlock addressed as he let John take a full hold of the culprit that had been terrorizing the entire evening, “this is Madame Loire’s son.”
John smiled, however as he pushed downward into Sherlock’s body, a loud crash interrupted the moment.
“But what’s your alibi, Mr. Holmes?” William interjected as he crossed his arms, “
“Aw, Philadelphia! This is wonderful, isn’t dear?”
John whistled to himself as he read a folded newspaper with one hand while drinking some tea with the other. He was sitting in the dining car of a train on the way to a medical conference for the weekend. It had been a while since he had been this far away from Baker Street without Sherlock, but John needed the space; Sherlock had taken to spreading out all of his experiments in the sitting room and their bedroom and John needed some time away from his companion’s eccentricities.
“A ghost? Holmes, this isn’t the time for riddles and games. I told you this was dangerous!”.” John finally felt himself lose his temper as he held Sherlock up at the street corner. He glanced around the area to make sure they hadn’t been followed.
He could hear Mycroft’s voice on the other side of the door which made him cringe. His whole body shuttered as he turned over onto his other side to avoid listening to his brother-in-law complain about god knows what when his brother and companion were on the run from all of London’s police.
“Watson,” Sherlock shook his head as if John’s comment trigged something, “do you remember any other details about the day you were arrested?”
“Should be there in about three hours, Mr. Holmes.”
Lestrade sighed again as he rubbed his forehead with one hand before sitting back in the chair.
“Lady and Gentlemen,” Sherlock began as he straightened up to address the rest of the group behind him, “it appears we have a murderer in our midst.”
Schuller nodded once more but remained strangely quiet. Moriarty squinted his eyes before leaning back in his chair.
A boisterous bump followed by a crash from upstairs interrupted James, stopping everyone midsentence. Mary screamed causing her father to pat her on the shoulder to get her to remain calm.
Bridget conveyed clear offense. “Why, yes, Mr. Holmes! I came downstairs to retrieve my scarf that I had left on my chair after dinner…I heard a crash whilst descending the stairs and then another…that’s when I found that vile man.”
Mycroft stared back at Sherlock, seemingly appearing as if he was weighing such an important decision against whatever was secretly bothering him.
compared to yours.” He ultimately countered which John was grateful for.
the attitude from you this evening.”
in God’s name are you wearing?!”
“Watson.” He called as he walked up to the cell, trying to keep it together in front of his brother and the officers on guard.
“I assure you, Mycroft, the Doctor’s driving is
“Mr. Holmes, I understand your methods, but is it
John’s face grew even redder as he turned slightly to face the frustrated looking couple before turning back slowly to face Sherlock who only shrugged.
“Something happened the last time, didn’t it? Carberry was trying to stop you, correct?”
Stanley barely responded as he proceeded to extricate John and Sherlock’s luggage from their automobile. John straightened himself out from the long drive before shooing Stanley away; he felt awkward being waited on as such.
“May I help you gentlemen?” The secretary peered suspiciously at both Sherlock and John as if their costumes were unsettling.
John nodded again; his jaw was both rigid from determination and irritation. Sherlock nodded once more before kicking the door open to the luggage car. They found three train employees standing over a crate full of various sorts of weaponry.
“I had reasoned with him before. As a doctor, I could not allow him to continue, but he pushed me to my limits the last we spoke—”
“Sir, it looks like the source might have been in the Judge’s library.” An officer marched up to Detective Baynes who was now watching Lestrade walk away from the house.
John groused to himself, knowing full well that Mycroft was making a snide comment about his driving. Sherlock looked at him before mimicking a laugh to placate his brother.
“Watson, did you forget to feed the dog?” Sherlock sharply accused.
“Seems as if the amusement with murder is a Holmes Family trait.” John scoffed as Sherlock tugged on his arm to follow him.
“Lestrade!” Sherlock barged into Lestrade’s office, “what is going on? Why is Watson under arrest for murder?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. “And how do you know that Standish was stabbed in the stomach?”
Sherlock flipped to another page before walking to the other side of the parlor to find a vial he kept in his coat pocket.
“You’re right…” John finally answered, “the nephew must know more…”
Lestrade paused as he stared back at Sherlock who was listening intently. “…this could be bigger than it really is…”
John hesitated before following, stopping short to look at the clothes left strewn about on the top sheet. He then looked over at Sherlock who was now holding the violin case.
Lestrade nodded. “Baynes.”
“I can’t…” Sherlock started, trying to wipe his face before looking directly at Wiggins, “I can’t pay you right now, so when you get back, I’ll double what I usually owe you.”
As soon as the hansom carrying Sherlock and John stopped in front of a giant portico attached to an even greater and more giant mansion, they spotted a man wearing work clothes out in front, waving at them.
Sherlock let out a deep sigh. “You were in the dining room with Standish after the guests retired for the evening, correct?”
“…your brother, Mr. Holmes, invited us both to this weekend, but when I had discovered that Standish was in attendance, I begged Viktor to act as if we were strangers. You see…” She let out a ragged sigh, “…Viktor had some dealings with Standish that led to some unsavory results…Viktor is innocent, I assure you! But whatever happened between the two of them…well, it ruined Viktor…”
A couple of men promptly grabbed the injured man who was still groaning in pain on the floor. They dragged him to the open section of the bookcase leading to the underground maintenance levels of the university, leaving a trail of blood behind. Moriarty sighed as he retrieved a pad of paper from his desk to write a note to his research assistant to have his rug cleaned immediately.
John craned his neck to gawk at Sherlock. “Holmes! That man is dangerous. Do you have any idea what you have done?!”
Sherlock crossed the waiting room to knock on the door to the main space. They waited a moment before it opened to reveal Coney’s secretary.
“I didn’t do it!” Henry shrieked as he backed up against the railing on the walkway, now holding his Colt Peterson out toward Sherlock which caused Gladstone to bark loudly, “I didn’t think it would get this bad, Mister. I’m sorry my uncle was a part of this…”
“Not everything will result in scandal and intrigue, Holmes.” Watson smiled before returning to his food.
Sherlock flipped through the pages to show John. “Schuller was one of Carberry’s patients. It appears that Carberry kept the chemist’s illness a secret and he tried to have him committed but failed. They took Schuller to Westgate instead after it was discovered that Schuller was connected to some past instances related to poison that’s involved some sort of muscular stimulant…”
“Earlier in the year, you were on the way to a conference, correct?” Detective Baynes motioned toward John as if they were having a civilized conversation.
“I highly doubt wherever we’re going, you’ll need your traveling archive—whatever the devil that could be.” John was aghast.
Sherlock shook his head. “It appears that Mr. Standish was more a victim of a home invasion than murder, dear brother.”
“I will have people stationed at various points in the mansion and we’ll administer the drug after Whitehall’s speech.”
Sherlock walked around Coney’s desk inspecting it before handing the file to John. “Because he did not wish to be seen.”
John frowned at Mary before looking back and forth between her and Sherlock. “What? Mary, Holmes wants to use Gladstone to track down someone who could be potentially dangerous.”
Sherlock shook his head as he approached her. “We’re sorry, Miss McArthur. We didn’t mean to disturb you. Your father showed us in.”
The man smiled back nervously, twiddling his thumbs on top of his desk before continuing. “I know that you want to work with this particular chemist, but…”
Sherlock hummed to himself as he continued searching amongst some orchids, stopping for a second to inspect the stem to one before yanking it forcefully from the root.
“I found a match for the vials we found at Carberry’s and the chapel,” Sherlock turned around with one of the vials and Dr. Carberry’s journal, “there’s a cemetery worker who was also attacked by an animal the same way the priest had been. There was a stash of the vials at his residence.”
John looked around the kitchen before continuing after Sherlock; he wasn’t sure what they were about to find, but suddenly, an achy doomed feeling dropped in the pit of his stomach. He could feel his fight or flight receptors kicking, telling him that something was off about the environment.
“Let me know if you need anything else.” The guide offered before walking away from the desk to inspect a small exhibit displayed in the hallway.
Sherlock furrowed his brow but before he could respond, they heard more voices accompanied with heavy footsteps near the base of the stairs leading to the walkways.
“Honestly, I should have seen it from the beginning…” John vaguely explained. Sherlock was shuffling around next to him, still acting as if he didn’t know what John was talking about.
John looked back and forth between the two, confused by the sudden shift in tone.
The factory’s tower collapsed first, taking one side of the factory with it. It looked as if the building had succumbed to the weight of poor maintenance rather than any intended destruction caused upon it, but John was confused by the boom that sounded before the collapse. John ran inside what was left of the factory, searching around quickly until he found Sherlock lying on the ground, propped up on his forearms and surrounded by a pile of rubble.
"We've got all the time in the world," Ursula said cheerily.
John took a deep breath.
"And finally," Dr. Azarian continued, "your lung has not fully recovered, which makes surgery particularly dangerous. You will be at higher risk for respiratory complications during surgery, as well as for pneumonia during recovery. In addition, the risk for a secondary pneumothorax is high. I generally do not recommend surgery so soon after a lung collapse, Dr. Watson."
"You are in charge of John's care, correct?" he asked.
“Now?” Lestrade asked. “Don’t you want to wait for John’s doctor?”
“Because given your tone,” Mycroft said, “you aren’t looking for information. You’re looking for revenge.”
“Damn you!” Sherlock shouted.
“Have what?” the inspector asked.
"Yes," Sherlock said, grinning wider. "There is only one ship currently docked in this town with that kind of sheathing and thus, only one with that type of graving. We know where our victim was killed."
“He’s unresponsive. Begin CPR.”
John continued fidgeting with the small gadgets. They were miniscule--hardly noticeable unless you were looking for them. But Sherlock could already see that John was self-conscious of them. He thought about saying something encouraging, but that wasn't really his area. He stayed quiet and moved over to the bed instead.
“No,” John said. “No, don’t be sorry for that.”
Glancing to his right, however, he saw Sherlock, who was sitting in the chair beside his bed, watching him closely. John noticed that his hands were resting on his thighs where John could clearly see them and he was not moving at all. He resisted the urge to sigh.
John comes in and out of consciousness for several days but is not yet coherent enough to talk yet. Sherlock stays with him in his room, making sure he is there every time John wakes up.
“What?” Sherlock turned toward the voice in disbelief. “Are you kidding me?”
Amelia shot him a glare.
“Rules,” Moriarty exclaimed. “They key to the next door is in the safe in front of you. The combination of the safe is four numbers. I’ll give you each of the numbers. All you have to do is pull one tooth for one number.”
“I thought you would appreciate me giving John the less intellectual tasks,” Moriarty pouted. “I was trying to be nice.”
"I see," Dr. Azarian looked as though he somehow knew exactly how that conversation had gone, though John couldn't imagine how. "You have been set up with a team of specialists to assess your case. I won't lie, Dr. Watson. This will likely not be pleasant and will certainly take some time. I suggest you get as much rest as possible today. They will begin tomorrow."
"No," John interrupted impatiently. "I know that. I mean, did I do any damage?"
“Why?” the voice asked.
“What do you need?” Lestrade asked.
"He's having a fit," Mrs. Hudson huffed.
"Please deary," she said, trying to back away from the growing slime puddle, "help him."
"Can we get inside?" the outline that was apparently Amelia shifted in the shadows.
Dr. Azarian shifted and John looked back up.
"I..." John looked down at himself, trying to determine if he was, in fact, okay. "I'm fine. But the Witch of the Wastes was here. She's seducing my sister!"
“How do you get at that?”
Sherlock clutched the items John had just handed him, his hand shaking slightly.
“What?” Sherlock stepped closer, leaning down. “How? If I choke you for that long with a pneumothorax, you’ll stop breathing. You won’t be able to get enough oxygen with that lung. You’ll die.”
"Er, right," John said, still staring at the strange man. "I'm John."
"Oh, you've been around as long as I have, you can recognize those sorts of things," Mrs. Hudson said. "Let me guess. You can't talk about the curse. Is that right?"
“No,” Sherlock said bluntly. “None of that. I’m getting you out of here. You will survive. I promise.”
"Eat," John said, sinking down into the red chair again and working on his own bowl.
"Hello John," Irene smiled mercilessly at him as he felt his leg begin to ache more terribly.
"Are you talking about miracles? God?" Sherlock said with a scoff from between his hands.
He had left before Mrs. Hudson could respond, eager to finally make some kind of progress on the spell.
"Good,” the voice droned. “Well then, get on with it.”
"There seems to be no pattern," Lestrade said. "The first occurred three months ago. The last two one week apart. Then another month before this one. Will you take the case?"
“John,” he said. “I’ve narrowed it down to two containers, but I can’t tell between the two. I’m going to have to guess. The wrong one will electrocute you. I’m so sorry John.”
"Sherlock?" John moved to him, carefully avoiding the undulating shadows. "What's wrong?"
“I know that,” Sherlock said exasperated.
“I had heard of your genius, Mr. Holmes,” Colonel Hayter said astonished, “but to see it in person is quite extraordinary.”
"Hmmm," John hummed to himself. He went over the details of the case in his mind, speaking softly to himself. "Victims have no obvious cause of death. All found in a haunted location, but the last victim couldn't have been killed by the ghost. And nothing unusual in the tox screen or blood. Well, nothing except the slight potassium elevation, but that wasn't enough to..."
John’s eyes were closed. He slowly began to tug harder and harder, moving the pliers around in circles to loosen the tooth. Eventually, he began moaning. Then groaning. Then screaming.
Several minutes later, after convincing security not to escort Sherlock off grounds, Dr. Azarian had then insisted he spend the next hour "getting some fresh air" while he took John for scans to determine if he'd done any damage to his leg. Sherlock had protested, but had been told that it was either that or he would be barred for good.
"I..." the nurse stammered from behind him, "I only just touched him. I don't know.. I didn't..."
Sherlock's eyes widened and he stared at John and John was certain he was going to come to his senses and leave.
John reached forward slowly, grasped the lid firmly, and pulled.
?” he asked.
"Right," John said, turning and stepping inside the open door, Sherlock close behind.
“Let’s start here,” it said patiently. “Have you ever been jealous of John Watson’s girlfriends?”
John pushed himself slowly up, leaning heavily on his cane. He moved to the window, wanting to determine as close to possible what time it was and how far the castle had moved in the night. When he parted the curtains and looked out, however, he almost fell backward in surprise.
John looked furious.
Sherlock sat the violin carefully down by the window and moved quickly to the door, opening it to find Molly, shifting her weight from foot to foot and looking nervous.
He looked around the room to find Sherlock lying on the sofa in his smoking jacket and pajamas, smoking a pipe. Sherlock turned his head slightly to address his brother.
“A whole weekend of that. Just my luck.” John said with a groan as he sat on the edge of the bed.
John glared at Sherlock who remained steadfast. They both stared at each other, is if engaging in some sort of match that the two only knew the rules. John glared and Sherlock expressed his contentment.
John grinned slightly. He looked away at nothing before returning his gaze onto Sherlock. “You’re being elusive on purpose in order to have the upper hand.”
“Dr. Carberry.” Moriarty started as he sat down in front of Schuller. The mentioning of the name prompted a wince from Schuller.
Sherlock stopped suddenly, holding a hand out for John to do the same. They were now standing underneath the covering which allowed for a better view of the individuals seen moving around on the ground floor. As they settled underneath the covering, Sherlock motioned for John to keep quiet as they both strained to see or hear any more detail related to the mysterious figures inside. Inside on the ground floor, several men were standing around while another was sitting at a table, hovering over something the other men were talking about and pointing to.
Sherlock nodded with a smile. “That’s quite the achievement, James. If you ever get the chance, you most certainly should try again.”
Lestrade sighed as he faced Sherlock more directly who looked less self-satisfied than was typical. Lestrade thought it was strange; he never saw Sherlock less or more emotional than was apt, but something about his demeanor was uncharacteristic. Lestrade could tell that Sherlock was reeling from John being accused of murder, but he never thought the great Sherlock Holmes could be this rattled.
John was interrupted by a loud crash coming from down the hallway. The butler wasted little time as he ran toward the source of the crash with John following closely behind. The butler stopped at a intricate wood paneled door, throwing it open to reveal Saxon and Sherlock wrestling with each other on the floor.
“Mr. ‘olmes…? Are you sure you’re o’right…?” Wiggins asked softly.
“Holmes? Are you going to join me or just stand there?”
Clara nodded. “Yes. I used to work for Mr. Standish’s wife before he fired me…one day, I accidently walked in on him having a meeting with an associate of his…they were discussing something untoward, it sounded like something that had to do with parliament…I went to the authorities soon after…”
“Watson,” Sherlock walked up to John, holding the telegram out for him to see, “Lestrade sent this.”
Lestrade dodged some officers before racing to his office. He slammed the door close, telling himself to stay calm. He inhaled one last reassuring breath before hanging up his coat and hat.
John sighed as he slapped a hand to his forehead, noting to himself that he wasn’t concerned that Sherlock wasn’t in the bed with him, which bothered him. John couldn’t believe that the case would become any more dangerous than the bombing, yet despite his constant worries, Sherlock managed to move undetected the since escaping Westgate.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped as he shuffled underneath John to sit up on his elbows. “Watson, I cannot believe you’re accusing me of withholding information. Why would I do such a thing?” He pointed to himself, making it clear that he was put off by the comment.
The other officers in the room began murmuring to themselves about the case. Detective Baynes held up a hand to get everyone to stop talking all at once.
Sherlock waved John off before making a whiny noise. “I wasn’t spying, I was observing, dear.” He then picked up his bag before heading up the stairs.
“Watson! Some help, please!” Sherlock was now pinned to the ground, gasping for air.
“So,” John began as their engine sputtered with the ignition, “where in the country are we staying? An inn, perhaps?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened by the unprovoked assertion. “Did you have an unfortunate relationship with Mr. Standish?”
Lestrade winced another time as the knocking never ceased.
“Ah, Mr. Holmes. It appears that your quicker than expected.”
John reminded himself as he turned over onto his side to look at the bedroom door.
Sherlock wasted little time as he shoved Lestrade to the side to exit the office. Lestrade swiftly grabbed him by the arm to keep him from going any further.
“I just don’t know why someone would do something like this…” John let out as he buried his head into his hands.
John looked around aimlessly as plumes of smoke obscured his vision. He finally spotted the entrance to the outside, running as fast as he was able. Outside, he found Sherlock hopping into a hansom, waving for him to come along.
Both Sherlock and John laughed as Mycroft took a sip from his tea. “Dear Doctor, I hope you managed not to get in the way of the great Sherlock Holmes as you are apt to do.” He sneered, making obvious that the bump to his head had only temporarily let his guard down to confess his true feelings toward John.
“Ready?” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock’s expression softened as he listened. “I can only imagine the peril, your excellency.”
“This is a lovely surprise.” Detective Baynes grinned before stepping forward.
“Care to explain, Mr. McArthur?” Sherlock said to James.
The man nodded slowly, clearly thinking deeply before replying to his sister. “Nothing. It only seems to appear occasionally.” He then turned quickly to walk away from the window.
“It appears that the mysterious smell may have come from these vials, which…” Sherlock showed the vial to John.
Sherlock groaned as he folded the newspaper to read another section. “Conrad Coney. It’s amazing what some people will do for notoriety.”
“This is the
John groaned as he turned over onto his back, reaching out an arm to the side of the bed Sherlock usually slept on, but it was empty. John sat up in the bed yawning as he looked around the room. He slowly took his time getting out of the bed before entering the sitting room, finding Sherlock finishing breakfast.
Sherlock sighed as he walked over to the pile, picking through pieces before grabbing a small suitcase. “Watson, why did you bring so much for a week’s visit?”
A woman and a man were looking outside a window out onto a well-manicured cemetery barely illuminated by the night sky.
going to get a few minutes of rest before dinner.”
Mycroft stepped forward to join him at the desk. “Are you not the one you rambles on and on about how incompetent the London police are?”
The woman nodded. “Yes, Henry lives here, but he’s away right now. But he didn’t warn me that any friends would be stopping by...”
You say: “this is only circumstantial.” But alas, according to a source at Scotland Yard, the police have incredibly damning evidence that does indeed implicate Dr. Watson.
Sherlock waited a minute or so before the group splintered off into different areas of the ground floor. Sherlock took it as an opportunity to sneak inside. He slid against the interior wall of the side entrance, crouching down low before finding some machinery to hide behind. In between the pieces of machinery, Sherlock had a view of the group. He looked upward at the upper level of the sawmill before training his focus on two of the men who were standing near the table with the explosive.
“This family is quite interesting, wouldn’t you say?”
John looked up before rising from the bench he was sitting on. He smiled wearingly at Sherlock as he met him at the bars.
Sherlock scrunched up his face at John. “I’m not the one who committed the murder, Watson. Direct your ire toward the guilty party.” He indicated everyone else.
“Wiggins,” Sherlock stopped walking abruptly to kneel in front of Wiggins, “I think it’s best for me to go to the den alone.”
Sherlock patted him on the shoulder before rushing out of the room. “The next link!”
Mycroft gawked at his brother before sighing loudly again, raising his arms in the air in a huff before letting them fall back down on the armrests.
As his brother blathered on, Sherlock motioned with his head slightly toward the front door, indicating to Wiggins that he should take the opportunity of Mycroft facing away to leave the sitting room.
“Mycroft, please get out of my way.” He made his intent clear by the icy stare he gave his brother.
“Watson, stop making a scene.” Sherlock walked ahead of John, but he nearly toppled over from his leg injury. He then limped dramatically to the entrance, greeting a couple as they exited the house.
Lestrade glared at Sherlock. He took a moment as he sighed, slowly dragging his weary body to his favorite chair. Sherlock watched him sit down before sitting across from him in another chair facing the fireplace.
Mr. McArthur grinned. “I’m sorry. Could you tell the rest that we’re having dinner at the old house tonight?”
“Ms. Clara, isn’t it?” Sherlock started quietly, “could you please explain yourself?”
with a grudge against Standish had access to kill him…” Sherlock responded, his tone low.
“Dr. Watson was the last to see Dr. Carberry. His servants are witnesses to this visit.” He vaguely explained as one of the police officers marched toward John to restrain him in handcuffs. John could hardly response as he let the officer escort him out of the sitting room.
Sherlock nodded. “I do as well, but something is still amiss…”
Lestrade turned slowly to look at Mycroft before motioning for the group to follow him into his office. Lestrade walked to his desk to lean against; Mycroft and Mary found two chairs to sit in, but Sherlock stood in the middle in the space, anxious to get on with it.
Sherlock found some of his wayward case notes scattered about the table and the floor. He made a noise as John handed him his cup.
She pointed to the knife. “Viktor enjoys hunting, so I had brought that with me as a present to celebrate our anniversary. I didn’t realize it was taken from my room until you showed it to me just now…”
James nodded at his sister. “Ah, well, but based on what I’ve heard about you, I’m sure we’ll all bore you both to death—”
“All right! Break it up, gentlemen. Break it up!” Lestrade had appeared in the study followed by some fellow policemen and another man.
“Mary.” Mary quickly corrected again.
John’s eyebrows raised as he became increasingly perplexed by whatever Detective Baynes was referring to. The detective picked up on John’s palpable apprehension which made him laugh louder than before.
Detective Baynes eyed John as he sat back in his chair. He tapped his fingers on the desk before cupping both hands in his lap.
“…I understand…and I apologize for being such a grump earlier…” As soon as he reached Sherlock, he rubbed his arms, “part of my frustration is not being able to get a nice quiet moment between the two of us that doesn’t involve work…”
Lestrade sighed as he looked at Sherlock who appeared despondent before turning to face Mycroft again.
“I’m serious, Mycroft. You can either go with me or stay here. But I’m getting Watson out of that prison.”
“Some words of advice, gentlemen…,” Moriarty placed his pen down before rounding the desk again to stand directly in front of the group, “some advice that only the world’s most connected families have access to, so heed carefully,” he crossed his arms as if about to lecture a group of unruly students, “please don’t make excuses for yourselves, it stifles collegiality.”
“Madame Loire?” John asked as he knelt toward the maid, “are you all right?”
Sherlock ignored Mycroft as he slid against the wall, peeking in through windows before finding a window that looked into Dr. Carberry’s study. Sherlock tried to carefully jimmy the lock to the window, but he struggled as he was still too upset about John.
“Stanley helped me carry him to his room before the police arrived.” John answered.
John grinned before turning to face Sherlock, but his companion was halfway down the hall. “Holmes?” John joined Sherlock who was leaning up against the wall, “what are you doing?”
“And what does he know about the vials?” Sherlock questioned.
“What vials?” John interjected, looking back and forth between Sherlock and Mycroft, “what vials, Holmes?”
John laughed, which annoyed Sherlock even more. “
“Dear god…” Sherlock swore as he entered the unit.
Gladstone appeared next to them, barking loudly. “A ghost, Watson.” Sherlock vaguely explained as he limped against John to the area outside the factory before hobbling down the dock to get to the nearest street.
Sherlock stopped digging as he reached downward into the giant hole he had created. “I think I may have found your jewels, Madame.”
Sherlock nodded. “Precisely.”
hysterical.”
A quieted hush spread throughout the auditorium as Sherlock proceeded to challenge Moriarty’s findings. However, the academic, armed with his practiced patience for these sorts of barbs typical at symposia, stood still as he watched Sherlock closely.
John laughed. “And I’ve been the one who’s been absent the longest. Now I know who’s the favorite.”
The man nodded before backing out of the room slowly and with so much caution that the move caused Moriarty’s face to scrunch up with disbelief.
Mycroft sat up in his chair, turning to gawk at Sherlock. “Because you’re clearly distressed, dear brother. Clearly. The pendant?”
But before John could apologize again, Sherlock shot up from his chair before rushing out into the hallway. Curious, although still annoyed that Coney was printing lies about him in the paper, John followed. Soon after, he found Sherlock in their room throwing around clothes.
Moriarty straightened up as he rested his hands on his hips. He lingered staring at the chemist before finding a chair to place in front of him, using a handkerchief to dust off the chair to avoid spoiling his teaching robes.
Warden James nodded as he turned around to type the code into the keypad again. “Of course, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock grinned before responding. “You need my help now. And you know it.”
“You were right when I questioned you, Dr. Watson,” Detective Baynes stood still, “Carberry was indeed working on some sort of experiment, but you have no idea of its magnitude.”
Moriarty’s smile cracked somewhat from the provocation. Sherlock paused, but Moriarty waved for him to resume his critique.
“I’ve been following you for some time, Doctor…you’re an easy target. You have predictable habits—well outside the work you’ve done with the
strange.” Mycroft shrugged again as he uncovered his plate. He clapped his hands together before laying a cloth napkin on his lap. He motioned for John to do the same who was still in disbelief that Sherlock would go back into the city after the bombing.
“Dr. Watson!” Mycroft leaned heavily on John as the latter hoisted him to his feet, “have I ever told you that I think you and Sherly make quite the pair? I am so happy that you are part of the family!” He nearly shouted in John’s ear as the latter dragged him out of the solarium.
Mycroft leered at Sherlock before he relaxed his face. “Yes, dear brother. You must be aware of his dealings in parliament.”
Both John and Sherlock stopped abruptly. “What was that?” John looked at Sherlock before training his eyes toward the floor of the bedroom.
Lestrade walked up to the office, noticing right away that the door was slightly ajar. He looked around again, telling himself not to look suspicious before entering the office. He quickly rounded the door before closing it, hoping no one saw him enter.
“Sherlock.
familiar and intimate French tone, isn’t that strange?”
Mycroft took a moment before rising from his chair. He gave Sherlock one last look as he sighed to himself before crossing the sitting room to grab his coat and hat.
A bullet then penetrated the door, narrowly missing John’s head. He quickly laid down as a stream of more bullets flooded the compartment. John shrieked from the noise as Sherlock laid down quietly next to him before turning on his side.
“Mr. ‘olmes?” Sherlock turned around to see that Wiggins was holding some vials he had found in an opposite corner, “these look like the vials you gave me.”
John sighed as he placed his hands on his hips. “You brought your magnifying glass with you?”
“We have a few hours before it gets dark.” John felt the hand leave his shoulder which compelled him to turn around to face Sherlock.
John groaned as he crouched lower in the bushes; he counted to himself to steady his nerves, remarking to himself that something about the sawmill was troubling, so much so that this was the first time since this all began that John felt his nervous debilitate his thinking process.
“And this,” Sherlock held up the scrap of paper, “this is a letter to your son, isn’t it?”
Sherlock straightened the newspaper out to read the column. “Coney’s source is most definitely someone working at the Yard…”
John squinted his eyes at Sherlock before showing him the weapon. The mother screamed and the baby cried even louder.
All eyes landed on Sherlock and John as the two could feel the tension mounting in the room. John turned slightly to look at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye; he could see a sly smile creep up slowly on his companion’s face.
Sherlock stuffed the vials into his coat pocket before straightening up to exit the room. Wiggins followed him out until they were back on the street.
killed James?” John started, “…but…why…?” He ended quietly, not really sure if he understood the detective.
a ghost. Someone’s pulling a prank.”
Mary turned red as she turned away from them slightly. She rung her hands together, taking a moment before rising from her bench.
Coney groaned to himself; his lead had sent him on a wild goose chase, and he thought it would be best to go back to his office to look through some more source notes before heading back out to lunch. He rounded the corner, grumbling to himself about how unreliable people are and that being the reason why he didn’t trust anyone before he ran into something that nearly knocked him off balance.
“Of course, but remember that there’s
John groaned at his dearest friend and companion gaining up on him before Mary took a moment to open the door that led out into the hallway.
John stopped as he followed Sherlock’s gaze, landing on Standish speaking to Fedorov in what appeared to be a lively debate. At one point, Bridget’s maid, Clara, passed the men; she looked uncomfortable doing so. John watched Standish say something that caused Clara to flush, looking quite embarrassed, before she quickly approached Bridget before leaving the room. A folded scrap of paper fell out of her pocket, but John immediately dismissed it.
Mary walked toward her brother and her father who were avoiding looking at each other. “Father, you mustn’t be upset with James and Madame Loire…I know they did this ridiculous thing, but—”
“Mr. McArthur,” Sherlock accepted a firm handshake from Mr. McArthur who had walked down the front stairs toward the hansom, “it’s quite the pleasure to finally meet you in person.”
“Could you tell us where you were then before we found him?” Sherlock asked coolly.
“Holmes,” John stepped in front of Sherlock, “
Sherlock waited before pulling out a folded scrap of paper from his pocket. “I found this in the sitting room. You dropped it earlier this evening, correct?”
“Holmes, please” John whispered, “we shouldn’t be here.”
John eyed Sherlock, evidently unconvinced, but Sherlock barely budged. John then grinned as he reached over to kiss Sherlock on his cheek, moving his hand downward to caress the side of his body.
Madame Loire sighed, taking her time before looking directly at everyone. “I was born in France, Monsieur Holmes, but I have been living in America for quite some time…I have some family here...some of my distant relatives came abroad during the Revolution to help the Americans…” she sighed again, looking downward before looking back up at everyone once more, “I took the post with Monsieur McArthur to scare him off this property…he’s planning to demolish the cemetery and the house without plans to move what’s here…I found out that some of my distant relatives are buried here…but I didn’t think you would be here, Monsieur Holmes. It was only to happen when Monsieur McArthur and his business associates were on the property.”
“Sherly…we can’t do much the rest of the day…besides, you should definitely get some rest so you can visit Dr. Watson tomorrow…I’ll…” Mycroft rolled his eyes dramatically, “make sure you can see him. Is the matter settled now?”
than aware.”
“Albert Kleinschmidt.”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock walked over to the desk to pick up the piece of the HMS Victory, “here’s your thief. Also, nice to make your acquaintance, Dr. Wheeler.” He motioned toward the man who had entered the study with Lestrade.
Sherlock patted John on the shoulder before exiting. He tried to hold his arms out for Mycroft, but the other had grabbed him too tightly.
James audibly grumbled back at his sister but ultimately drove in front of the portico, so Mary didn’t have to walk too far down the driveway. As soon as Mary was in the passenger seat, the engine sputtered as they were whisked out of the cemetery and onto the main street toward their family’s mansion.
“Good evening, gentlemen.” Detective Baynes began. He looked around the room before spotting Lestrade sitting in the very back. Detective Baynes grinned slightly before continuing at the lectern.
“Holmes, you are so reckless. What did you see that was so pressing that you nearly got yourself killed?” John admonished now holding Sherlock upright.
sounds promising.”
weekend.”
“Baynes is at Westgate now and will be there until late tonight. I suggest you visit the doctor early tomorrow morning.”
John nodded back slowly as he considered Sherlock’s reasoning. Well, he tried to anyway; John instinctively knew that Sherlock was probably the best person to solve this case and clear his name, however, the obstacle seemed too insurmountable.
“Okay then, Dr. Watson,” he leaned forward in the chair to place his elbows on top the table, “why don’t
“Holmes!” John shouted louder, completely forgetting his obligations as a doctor as he panicked that Sherlock might end up hurting himself attempting to apprehend a ghost. John ran through the vestibule to the back porch, watching Sherlock tackle the ghost.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes. Mycroft?”
“Yes?” John betrayed in his voice that he was surprised that the train employee knew who he was.
“Lestrade.” Detective Baynes coolly greeted as if they weren’t standing in front of a ruined heap of a house.
Moriarty nodded before waving a hand around. “Okay then. Get back to work. We need to set preparations in place for Whitehall’s event.” He responded curtly.
“I didn’t mean to offend you, Ms. Coventry. Only asking to establish everyone’s whereabouts.” He took a moment, “and your maid, Clara, she was with you the
“…the business with the theatre came after whatever happened between Viktor and Standish. Viktor isn’t aware of all of the details…if he ever found out, I’m sure he would have made a scene, but he is no murderer…”
“Holmes, please.” John pleaded.
But before John kissed Sherlock once more, he held still, holding him down, looking at him intently.
Mamhud looked upward at Sherlock; his expression was harsh. “Of course…”
Sherlock shook his head to calm John. “I found something at Carberry’s that links to a series of murders, and you’re being framed—”
As John reached for Saxon, he tripped over Sherlock’s leg, hitting the floor face first as Sherlock managed to get a better grip on Saxon.
Mary ignored her father as she stepped forward to address Sherlock. “But that doesn’t fully explain how the ghost could get access to the property. Only my father and James have the keys.”
“No,” the doctor said. “No point. He’s sedated and on a respirator.”
“Let me say this clearly then,” the paramedic said softly. “You’ll be in the way.”
"Seawater and seaweed," Sherlock said, turning to face him.
There are no windows, so it is likely an interior room. There is a mic somewhere in the room or Sherlock wouldn’t be able to hear John, but he can’t make out any other sounds in the room. He needs John’s help.
Shit.
“And the note?” Sherlock prompted.
"Yes deary," the demon responded and John could have sworn it was smiling. "You can call me Mrs. Hudson."
"John," he panted as he came up to him, "are you okay? I felt the witch near you. What happened?"
"But, then how am I supposed to break it?" John was getting annoyed. Would anything in his life be simple again?
"Yes, quite," Sherlock said. "Which is why I didn't notice until now."
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
"It's my life and it's my leg," John said softly. "I'm doing it, Sherlock. This isn't your decision."
“It was you that helped me find you,” Sherlock said.
“I wrote it rather hurriedly.”
They reached the Cunningham estate, which was even more impressive than Colonel Hayter’s. Sherlock had wanted to talk to the Acton’s as well, but they were out of town at the moment.
"First," Dr. Azarian began, "there is no guarantee that this treatment will have any positive outcome. It would essentially be a blind gamble. If there is no compression injury, the intervention will be entirely ineffective."
"Which place is that?" he asked.
Mike raised an eyebrow, "oh? Er, any way I can help?"
He finally looked up at Sherlock again.
John squinted at the stranger, who was now glancing around them furtively, as though trying to read his secrets on his person.
Chaos.
John shot a look at the skull, eyebrow raised.
"The nurse is getting you more pain medication," Sherlock was standing at his right shoulder, facing him. He was still speaking in such a low voice that John had to watch his mouth to understand him. "Do you remember where you are John?"
Well, that explained why his chest felt like it was on fire and his throat felt as though it had been gone over with a lawn mower. Some wild part of him wanted to laugh. It was all so fitting. Of course this had happened. Everything else had gone wrong--why wouldn't his last hope?
“You goddamn monster,” he yelled to the dark. “He already answered your question.”
“That’s amazing,” Colonel Hayter said. John smiled at both of his friends, enjoying the show.
I've begun an apprenticeship with a lovely women out in the countryside. She is a witch! She's teaching me all she knows and getting me in contact with important people. You don't need to worry about me anymore.
Sherlock is on his feet immediately. He has no idea where John is, but the laptop is still on, and he can still hear John. He examined the room closely, looking for any clue about where it could be. He had to find John quickly or he might die from the gunshot wound anyway.
