how this holiday was going to go. Karl prodded Sherlock with the gun, pushing him towards John to try and herd them to the front of the shop, but John had other ideas. He pushed over a tower of giant tins featuring four exotic flavors of popcorn, pausing briefly to wonder at American snacking habits--
Piles of floral duvet covers...mountains of pillows…a rabbit warren of end tables...and throngs of bargain hunters. Just then Sherlock noticed a movement out of the corner of his eye; the door to the gents’ opened and a tall man stepped out furtively. His trouser legs barely overlapped with the tops of his socks and he looked as though he’d had to labor mightily to do the button up. Similarly, his chest strained at the buttons on his plain white shirt; the sleeves, too, were much too short, reaching only halfway down his forearms. The total effect was, perhaps, slightly less conspicuous than going about soaked with blood, Sherlock conceded, but it was nonetheless not a difficult leap to peg this man as the killer.
“As I explained, since I brought home the new bath mat you have complained daily about how it feels underfoot. Therefore, you are here to choose a new one,” he said with what he felt was great self-restraint.
“I love this shop, you know,” he said calmly. “Come here whenever I’m in the States. The Key Lime Tea Cookies. The Triple Ginger Thins. The Vatican Cameos.”
“You, of course,” he said in an almost-whisper. His breath moved Sherlock’s hair where it curled over his ear. “When we get back to the hotel room I’m going to strip you naked and use this stuff to paint a Christmas tree on your chest. Then I’m going to use my tongue to decorate it.”
He took another step forward, hesitated a moment, then put a hand on John’s shoulder and gently turned John to face him.
“I’m going to shoot the hostages one by one, starting with your boyfriend, if you don’t give yourself up. You have sixty seconds.”
Sherlock placed the first slide under the stage clips and peered through his microscope’s eyepiece, adjusting the focus until the tangle of translucent grey-green cells began to come into focus under the lens. In his peripheral vision, Rosie wandered up to her father and nudged his shoulder with her sippy cup. John opened one bleary eye.
Sherlock’s mind reeled. Christ, now he really needed a cigarette. Rosie came crowding around his legs; he gathered her up in one arm and paid for the milk and the chocolate without a word.
He crouched to inspect the stain. It was round; an inch or more in diameter. He pulled out his magnifying glass. There were tiny splash marks around the stain, and the fabric was still wet. If he didn’t know better, he’d say it was a drop of blood--a big one, a recent one, the kind that would come from a substantial wound. Sherlock looked around. Nearby he noticed a yellow sign warning that the floor had recently been cleaned and might be slippery. He felt a prickling sensation as the hairs stood up on the back of his neck.
Sherlock furrowed his brow and perused the options. Then he grabbed a bath mat and spread it on the floor. He removed his shoes and socks.
“Pretty cool customer, talking about sweets at a time like this,” Hans said. “I get what you see in him. Too bad this is the end of the road for the two of you.”
“We did go on exactly as we started, didn’t we,” said John, more seriously again. “You pretended to kill yourself to protect me. Then my wife nearly killed you for real.”
“John, there is a local patisserie not half a mile from here with a 5-star rating on TripAdvisor,” Sherlock admonished him. “Do not be hoodwinked by the specious use of the word ‘Brooklyn.’ These are mass-produced baked goods. We don’t need to buy this when this city is stuffed to the gills with artisanal pastries!”
Sherlock broke off, completing the thought silently. Then he felt John’s head fall to his shoulder and opened his eyes, turning to him. John was crying, pressing his face into Sherlock’s shoulder, his tears starting to run along Sherlock’s collarbone to the base of his throat.
Suddenly the killer burst out of the ball pit and attacked Sherlock, seizing his throat with both hands. Sherlock punched him in the face but found himself falling backwards and plunging back into the plastic balls. Somehow, Sherlock’s fingers closed around a shard of ceramic from the broken lamp and he sliced at the killer’s face, drawing blood. The man let go of him with a yelp and waded to the edge of the ball pit--but John was standing there, pointing his gun at him.
John sprang out of bed, cursing softly. He’d find her downstairs, and she’d be fine, of course she would...but a nagging parental voice of panic in John’s head kept supplying images of Rosie drowning in a bathtub left undrained or cutting herself with a paring knife set down carelessly close to the edge of the kitchen counter. Sherlock was more attentive to Rosie than John would have expected, but he was still quite capable of getting lost in his own ruminations for hours. Rosie could be running amok throughout the flat while Sherlock stared into space.
Meanwhile, Karl hustled Sherlock towards the front of the shop, swearing under his breath and poking him in the back with his pistol.
Maybe they should stay and eat lunch here. They’d come all this way, and John loved eating in cafeterias. They reminded him a bit of his army days. He wondered if he could persuade Sherlock to split a piece of Daim cake with him.
It was time to hunt or be hunted. John clipped the radio to his belt and was about to open the door to the manager’s office when he heard a deafening crash. John whirled around to check the CCTV, but there was no sign of anything that could have made that sound. Karl was now prowling down the freezer aisle while Hans talked on a cell phone and the woman guarded the hostages.
“Drop the gun,” he growled in Karl’s ear. When Karl complied, John picked up the weapon and forced him at gunpoint into the lavatory, where he stuffed paper towels into Karl’s mouth and stuck duct tape over it (kept handy in his knapsack for just such an occasion).
Having secured a nice, stinky round of cheese and some apples, John successfully located the Speculoos Cookie Butter.
“Can you not wiggle quite so much, darling? It makes it really hard to--,” John said, keeping one hand on Rosie’s tummy to stop her from turning somersaults on the changing table, and with the other hand attempting to unfold a fresh nappy and maneuver it underneath her. He heard his phone ring, but he didn’t exactly have a third hand to answer it. It was probably just Sherlock with a rant about the inadequacy of the bathroom furnishings.
John hummed along with a pleasant mix of British Invasion tunes piped into the shop as he navigated its compact layout. He bypassed mounds of navel oranges, a dizzying array of trail mix, and a cluster of New Yorkers enjoying samples of wine from thimble-sized cups. He found the baked goods section easily enough, seized a baguette, and dithered over a Chocolate Brooklyn Babka.
“Don’t try to be a hero, my friend,” he said in a mild tone undergirded with malice. “You’ll only get yourself killed. Besides, shouldn’t you leave being a cowboy to us Americans?”
Before Sherlock could shove his phone back in his pocket and leave the closet, another text from Lestrade.
John finally finished cleaning up the changing table one-handed with Rosie in his left arm. He wiped it down with one of the antibacterial wipes he now kept at the ready at all times, then laboriously washed his hands, passing his squirming daughter from arm to arm. Finally he juggled her back into the carrier and adjusted the straps around his shoulders.
John shook his head and waved his arms like he was directing traffic. He hadn’t flown to New York only to spend their entire holiday on FaceTime with Rosie. He jerked his head in the direction of the revolving doors leading from the fancy hotel lobby to the crowded city streets.
“Ah, here’s the man we’ve been waiting for,” Sherlock said, lowering his instrument and smiling at John. It was such an uncomplicated smile that somehow, time seemed to fold into itself like a telescope, and John had the dizzying sense that he was back at the beginning, back when he and Sherlock were first discovering each other. It was as if everything that had happened to them after Sherlock’s fall came undone, like a hopelessly knotted rope loosened and smoothed. John was seized with joy that made his heart pound. Then his little daughter came crashing into his knees, wrapping her arms around his legs, and he swept her up into his embrace.
“I’d been reckless, and she’d died because of me. You’d lost her because of me. I hated myself. I didn’t have any hate left over for you. And do you know what I think? I think that’s what you feel now. You hurt me, and you despise yourself, and you think I’m the only one who can punish you. But I can’t do that. And I can’t absolve you. And I can’t
Just then, Rosie peed again. Why did this always seem to happen during a change? Something to do with the liberating feeling of being suddenly naked from the waist down? With a sigh, John grabbed a large bundle of toilet paper to mop up the table.
ice cream cone?” John asked as Sherlock sat down at the table with another chocolate-and-vanilla swirl.
Sherlock, meanwhile, was comparing thread counts and fabric composition. Once one started comparison shopping it actually provided quite a bit of fodder for the analytic mind. A 100% cotton bath mat would be more durable, he supposed, but a polyester blend would dry more quickly. Still, the primary factor remained foot feel. He stepped on another option, a fluffy white ALSTERN, and observed that it had a red stain. He frowned. Could they parlay this into a discount?
For a moment Sherlock lost sight of his foe as he flailed among the colorful plastic balls, then the two surfaced at the same time and, using the other man’s surprise to his advantage, Sherlock smashed the ceramic base of the lamp over the killer’s head. Stunned, the man disappeared once again into the plastic balls. Sherlock was about to dive in after him to secure his hands with a zip tie (also kept handy for just such an occasion), when he heard knocking. He glanced over at the window that looked into Småland. To his horror, John and Rosie were standing there. John waved, a puzzled look on his face. Rosie wiggled.
“She got a weekend pass to go to her sister’s funeral. She was scheduled to report to Holloway Castle at eight am today.”
His body curves forward with exhaustion. He feels suddenly weary, in a way he hasn’t in years, not since he came home from the war.
He should have known that Mycroft would even best him in emotional blackmail. Sherlock scoffs and ducks his head to hide his expression. Before he has a snide reply ready on his lips, the door opens and a nurse enters, carrying a tray of grey bowls and plates.
“Interesting,” he says politely. He studies it, hates how it suddenly looks familiar somehow, like it’s taking on Sherlock’s features. He quickly hands it back to Mary.
“Yes. He’s got this idea that the key is supposed to fit through the gap between the door and the frame, but it doesn’t, and it’s completely throwing his wild theory to the winds.”
“I will,” John says, pushing past Mycroft. She looks tiny and frail, bundled in blankets and secured to the stretcher. Christ. John´s not sure if he'll ever be able to forgive himself or Sherlock if Mrs. Hudson doesn't pull through.
John has to jog to keep up with Sherlock’s long strides as the detective veers left, then right, then left again. He pushes through a small restaurant filled with angry Asian couples and they emerge in a back ally. John has no idea where they are, but he can still hear the angry buzz of the crowd, the sound of bottles smashing against the pavement, tires screeching to a halt, shouts and cheers.
“It was a all-available-officers kinda thing. Shite…” Lestrade combs a hand through his already messy hair. “It could easily have become pretty nasty. We’re lucky the rain sent most of them home.”
Sherlock’s phone gives another insisted buzz, then third and a fourth before it falls silent. John can see the longing in Sherlock’s eyes, his curiosity, and eagerness to check his messages. Just because he’s sitting down at an ordinary lunch doesn’t mean that the world’s greatest detective has stopped working. Not that John ever wants him to, he doesn’t want to change Sherlock Holmes in any way, he doesn’t want to diminish him.
Sherlock opens his mouth, but seems to change his mind. He turns stares at the fridge. Lestrade follows his gaze, wondering why he hadn't seen it before. A small magnet is holding a piece of paper to the fridge, he recognizes the logo from St. Bart’s hospital.
John steps closer to read Sherlock’s handwriting. The coroner notes the time of death as occurring between 11 am and noon on Sunday.
now, he’s going to want to do things like taking his son to the bloody duck pond and have brunch with the girlfriend- wife (John does everything so orderly). He’ll have a normal, boring, job, and do normal, ordinary things, and he’ll go and live in the countryside, because John has fond memories of his childhood and he’s nostalgic and he’ll want to share them with his family. And maybe he’ll promise to come to London, (because that is what people do) sometimes, and maybe he will, once or twice, but it will be just a promise, useless strings of words he’ll give Sherlock before he’s submerged, infused, wrapped up in this normal, ordinary life, away from the one where he spends the night chasing criminals down the street.
John doesn’t know how long he sits there, waiting and staring, but he suspects that almost half-hour passes before the door to the interrogation opens, and DI Dregs steps in, carrying a cup of coffee in one hand and a stack of papers clutched under his armpit. The scent of coffee is poignant, but subtle when compared to the spicy aftershave DI Dregs seems to have bathed himself in. He’s dressed in dark jeans and a black t-shirt that plays homage to a band that John has never heard of, but that seems to have attached themselves to the symbolism of skulls and snakes. John is surprised at the lax attire and wonders if DI Dregs has chosen it to settle or unsettle the people he interrogates.
They’ve just passed York Street when John sees her, standing with the fake nonchalance of somebody who’s trying to appear inconspicuous and failing. When she sees them, she straightens her posture and takes a step onto the street, not as if to block their path, but enough so that John can’t ignore her.
He’s certain Sherlock hesitates once more in the doorway before John hears the sound of his steps receding down the stairs.
Mr. Coil draws his lips to a thin, white line, “as you can see, detective inspector. This is a waste of time. I suggest….»
“Thirty two years old, he served a six-month-sentence for sexual assault on a minor when he was seventeen years old. Doctor Fenway’s name is noted in the case file for the defence. He was given a lenient sentence because Fenway said he’d been in…what do you call it?” Lestrade grimaces, unable to form the words and Sherlock does not even want to entertain them, not even in the privacy of his own head. It’s an occurrence so seldom that it’s almost considered a medical anomaly. Thankfully, he’s been spared the embarrassment of experiencing it himself.
“Hmm.” Lestrade pulls away and moves over to his desk where Sherlock can hear the rustling of paper as Lestrade consults the mess that he calls a filing system on the top of his desk.
John sees the way Sherlock freezes in the doorway, inches by inches, starting with his feet going all the way up to the taunt T of his back.
John’s finger leads the way down the list, stopping at Joseph Braithsworth’s name: 56-year-old. He lived all his life in London, along with his wife and his daughter. He was the owner and chairman of Sansburr Industries, a massive corporation that earned him a salary of seven figures.
“Good evening, Mrs. Kettle,” John lets a hand comb carefully through Sam’s hair, “I hope today hasn’t been too upsetting.”
He presses his lips together to a thin line and lets the Alpha direct him towards the kitchen where he picks up a warm plate. John turns in the doorway, one foolish, futile last look at Sherlock as the Alpha herds him down the stairs.
He takes the tube because he needs the normality of it, he needs to be part of the afternoon crowd of commuters, to blend in, inhale the stale air of the Underground.
His shirt is plastered to his skin and beads of sweat trickle down his forehead, stinging his eyes. After wiping a hand down his face, he swings his legs to the floor. Standing is a monumental effort. His shirt is unbuttoned, and his pants rolled up as far as dignity allows. Since seeking the opportunity to escape is always at the forefront of his mind and whatever challenges await him (unlike Sherlock) John prefers to face them wearing his pants, which is really, quite sensible. He walks carefully over to the door, and presses his ear against the crack.   Unfortunately the only thing he can hear is the pain in his head, swelling in waves of white static and curling down his spine, a steady, pounding beat of arousal and he has to brace himself against the cot to keep from rubbing up against it.
“Is it not strange,” DI Dregs says from his corner, “that Doctor Fenway was shot several times?  You should think once would suffice.  And what is with those extra shots, warning shots?”
“Certainly, Doctor,” she instantly replies, getting to her feet to busy herself with the kettle and the cups.
The scene has been cordoned off, and a tarp pulled over the body to protect it from the light rain. She pulls the tarp away and recognizes the high-heeled shoes first, and then the blonde hair.
“What about you, Doctor Watson? How did you end up here?" John glances over at Glen Reese. He stares back, his eyes suddenly calculating.
"Doctor Fenway" Haversaw says in a voice that is all black silk and lust. His eyes never leave John and John feels his pulse escalate and his breath catch in his throat.
Lestrade says that the site doesn’t exist anymore, but that they can trace down the last IP address from Annabell Lewis’ computer history.”
“So we got three people identified,” Lestrade says, shaking Sherlock out of his thoughts. “Reese, Finkle, Blithely. That leaves the nurse and the marine. If these two Alphas were… chosen for personal reasons, then we might find the nurse and the marine amongst their records.”
He dozes for a while and wakes to the sound of squeaky wheels over the linoleum floor. They serve him dreadful food that tastes like cardboard, but he forces himself to eat the pudding and the bread roll because John would want him to. After an orderly clears away his tray, he finds John’s phone again and spends a while catching up on the news. He’s never been piqued by the headlines of politics, scandals and world catastrophes, they were never very interesting (and far too often a part of Mycroft’s machinations,) but he’s desperate for a distraction, anything that might jolt his mind back into action.
Sherlock places a cup in John’s hands, the tip of his fingers brushing against his knuckles. John quickly lifts his cup to hide the sheepish grin on his face. It was a tiny, fleeting gesture, but John knew well Sherlock’s thoughts on sentimentality. That he had given John even that barest of touches told John that Sherlock was acknowledging the change in their relationship. Sherlock hadn’t abandoned John to an empty bed
“It’s not filed under ‘David’,” Doctor Fenway says, sounding smug. “I’ve devised the filing system myself and only I know how to decode it. You can search all your like, well, as long as it takes security to come and escort you off the premises for threatening behavior.” He holds a brown file loftily in his hands, a small smirk on his face.
“Well, he was so kind and gentle and protective - I just,” Glen Reese leans forward and lowers his voice. John follows his lead and leans slightly over the table. When he gets close enough, Glen reaches over and gently touches his arm and John instinctively ually snatches it away.
They enjoy an ordinary, dull and normal lunch, even if the sandwiches reveals that Mrs. Kettle has a hidden culinary talent that one might only find in a Micheline restaurant. John wonders how he’s ever going to manage the return to the Chinese takeaway.
“One that’s far away from work, but not too far away from the apartment - you intended to walk home, but the rain - “
How many times had he wished for Lestrade or Molly to tell him it had all been some horrid mistake. He had begged, cried and cursed for it.
“Just for another couple of hours, I’m doing a consultation for Doctor McDonald.” He rubs his hands, trying to coax some warmth into his stiff fingers.
“It is possible,” Sherlock says in a manner that doesn’t make it all too obvious that he’s grasping at straws. “I also want to visit the crime scene at Finkel’s practice.”
“Because the victim was drugged, probably by the tea in the cup in front of the telly. The tox screen will confirm it.” Sherlock rises from the floor and John pushes himself up with slightly more effort.
John kind of forgets for a several weeks at a time that Sherlock is an Alpha. Then, of course, comes the sulk of such epic proportions, so acrid it could have peeled paint off the walls. There are days when Sherlock doesn’t bother getting dressed ("clothes are boring, John!") or getting up from the sofa ("the world is boring!") or doing other pedestrian things such as eating ("also boring"!) or much to the displeasure of John´s heightened senses- showering.
His lawyer is a horse-faced woman with a bleached buzz cut and long, sharp limbs. She is dressed as though she was preparing for a war she does not intend to lose. Lestrade has faced her a couple of times in court and is well acquainted with her cold-blooded approach.
Cobb, John thinks, is trying to smile, but it doesn´t come off quite right. It's like somebody has taken a pair of fishhooks to the edge of his mouth and pulled. Even Sherlock can command a smile- any kind of smile, even a horribly fake one, like the one he uses when he tries to sham people into trusting him or leting them into their house.
He finds a clean cup and saucer and places it on the table in front of Sherlock before finding a spare chair for himself.
Maybe if John hadn’t been so dismissive, maybe if John had just put on his Doctor John Watson persona, and handled Glen Reese like he did those patients that just wanted somebody to talk to. If he’d just faked a smile, a sympathetic ear, maybe things would have been different.
“Are you sure you don’t need to see a doctor?” John can hear the uncertainty in DI Lestrade’s voice, so John forces a smile.
“She’s not all that coherent at the moment, sir. There’s a doctor on the way, we may not be able to talk to her until later.”
For once, John thinks blithely, being an Omega is a characteristic that will work to his advantage. Alphas might fight over him, but they won’t risk harming him.
“Keep pressure on the wound,” John instructs, kneeling next to Glen Reese’s heaving form. Angry scratches mar his cheeks, his nose is crushed and bleeding badly and he’s spitting blood.
A female constable leads him, not to an interrogation room, but to DI Lestrade’s office, where a plate of sandwiches and more tea is waiting for him.
A couple of children are poking at something floating in a puddle, while their mothers huddles under the awning, warming their hands on cigarettes. They stare at John, with dark, watchful eyes and twisted lips. They don’t like strangers here.
“My client has already said that he’s not interested in discussing personal medical matters,” ms. Alton says.
“Anyways,” Lestrade switches on the television where a “Please wait,” message is displayed across the screen. “It could start at any moment.”
You´ve my most sincere apologies for the long wait. I got caught up with grading at work (210 papers graded!) Afterwards I hit a bit of a wall with this story, and writing in general and I wasn´t all that confident I´d manage this huge task I´ve undertaken.
John feels a chill run down his spine and he grips the edge of the table so hard that his knuckles whiten. “Did you tell him who you were meeting?”
John Watson is busy carefully spooning milk over his Weetabix while Harriet licks strawberry jam off her knife and the back of her hand. She makes small snuffling noises around her toast as she mumbles scratches away on a belated homework.
The atmosphere is uncomfortable at 221B.  It has been strained ever since Moriarty held John hostage at the pool, and the balance of power of their relationship has shifted even more in Sherlock’s favor. John is always hyper aware of Sherlock’s temper now, as if he’s gained an internal Geiger counter that measures Sherlock’s moods.  John has lived in close proximity with plenty of men, even with Alphas, almost all of his life, but he’s never been so in tune with them that he could tell exactly when they needed something to drink or when their left shoulder was itching. Sometimes Sherlock’s scent derails his train of thought and makes him falter in his steps. When that happens, he suddenly begins tripping and stumbling all over the flat and he has to resort to blaming his leg so as to not divulge the real reason.
“Don’t be stupid,” Sherlock growls, clutching John’s arms to keep him pinned to the spot. He leans in even closer and John forces his eyes shut for a moment, to will away the soft caress of Sherlock’s curls against his forehead. His pulse is beating rapidly against his throat and his palms are uncomfortably warm and slick and he doesn’t quite know what to do with his hands, so he balls them into fists to stop himself from doing something insane like touching Sherlock. For a wild moment he thinks Sherlock is pressing his nose against the crook of his neck, but the overwhelming slew of lust, want, hope is making it difficult to focus on anything but breathing and keeping his hands firmly to himself.
“Bruising on their hands and feet, traces of glue on their ankles and arms. Sample of the glue has been sent to the lab.»
John takes a sip of his coffee and lets the warm liquid slide pleasantly down to his stomach. “Is that where Finkle was found, in her office?”
“Molly and I found something interesting,” John says, sounding a bit breathless at the suddenness of the memory.
John returns to the kitchen, tidies away the rest of the plates and cutlery, then he makes himself a cup of tea and brings it to the living room. His phone is quiet, and John cannot decide if it is a good sign or not. Sherlock would first have gone to the forensic mortuary in Westminster to get the keys from Molly. Then he would have to take a cab across town to Paradise Gardens. It'd be late by the time he arrived at the old crime scene.
“Ma’am," a young constable calls, beckoning Sally over to the police car.  The constable is one of those young, fresh-faced youths that she cannot help but resent just a little bit.
There’s a brief pause filled with the sound of fingers running over a keyboard. “Let me call you back in fifteen,” Molly says.
"None of your men thought it out of place,” Sherlock says with poorly disclosed pride on John’s behalf. “Glen Reese was part of the support group and we know he had access to Fenway’s computer and files”
The sun is creeping slowly higher on the wall by the time Sherlock finishes reading. He’s staggered by a sudden wave of apprehension as several things falls to place in his mind. It’s like those first, painful jabs of withdrawal. Tiresome at first, but growing to a cacophony of agonizing pain and the only thing he could hear is the roaring thunder of pounding blood in is ears.
There’s never been anybody Sherlock had wanted to be part of his life before, so why was John apparently an exception to this?
Burrell blinks, shakes his head and lets go of his wrist. His entire posture deflates and he sinks into the chair, burying his face in his hands.
Christ, John thinks, he really wants to impress Sherlock. He knows that it’s the Omega, wanting the attention of the alpha, but the knowledge doesn’t make him feel any less ridiculous, like a dog wagging his tail, eager to please.
For a full day he had been interested in Carl Jung and still remembers the musty smell from the well-worn book
They part because they need to breathe and John feels Sherlock’s pulse. It’s wild, a ludicrous beat in rhythm with his own. The tip of Sherlock’s nose brushes against the corner of John’s. He doesn’t know if the Alpha is nuzzling him or scenting him, but he finds that he hopes it´s the latter. He wants to say something but finds that his words are stuck in his heart and his chest is tight and it is still hard to think. He swallows, tries to form a sentence in his head when he feels Sherlock’s hands slide down to curl around his shoulders until he’s got John wrapped in an embrace, his nose brushing against his hair and silent words mouthed against the crown of his head.
The bath makes Sam drowsy, and he tucks his hands under his pillow after just one story. John crams the duvet tightly around his tiny frame and sits on the edge of the bed, carding his fingers through Sam’s curls, listening to the sound of his breath petering out to an even sleep. Toby tucks himself next to the child, head on his paws.
Sam slips out of the bed and this time he grabs hold of John’s hand and hauls him up. John cringes as his bare feet touch the cold floor. Much to Sam’s chagrin, he insists on finding a pair of socks, slippers, trousers, sweater and his morning robe before he enters the living room.
Lestrade is intimately familiar with this song and dance between John and Sherlock. Sherlock will refuse, though Lestrade is beginning to suspect that it is only a token defense. John will continue to needle him, urging him to have a bite of this or that. It may take hours, but John is as unrelenting as Sherlock is stubborn. In the end, John will drag Sherlock to the negotiation table, they’ll sling sharp-witted insults at each other, though never barbed ones, there will be rolling of eyes, arched brows, and much scuffing of feet. In the end they’ll hash out some sort of agreement. Sherlock will take a bite or something, and John will look immensely pleased with himself.
John Watson, however, is wrapped up in preparing for college and medical school by taking extra curriculum biology and spending most of his free time reading and studying. Never any trouble with John Watson.
“Now this, this I never really mastered.” Sherlock confesses low and tight. “If I do it correctly, you will just be momentarily indisposed. If I do it wrong, the indisposition will be permanent. It might take you a few minutes before you fall unconscious, but I am confident I can stretch this out to be as long and painful as possible.”
“I did. First on the scene as soon as the fire department gave us access. We’ve had ten men combing over every inch of this place, but the only thing we found was Finkle’s remains in her office. Ever seen a burned body? Sheesh, they’re far creepier than bloaters.”
The intern huffs and folds his arms over his chest. “Freedom of the press, ma’am. There’s nothing in the constitution that says that you have to sympathize with the victims or hate the murderer.”
"I well….." John pauses and stares into his dinner "It´s just that, I think it´d be a good fit for me. I like the Army Cadet Forces and I think I´d like the army as well. To get out and see the world, to get some experience. I mean, I´ve never been further away from London than Edinburgh. And the army will pay for medical school so I won´t be burdened with student loans for the rest of my life."
"You really solved it, just by looking at the reports and listening to Rose Williams´ story?" John asks dubiously as they walk the short distance to the third witness´s house.
His eyes widen and he stares at her for a long second before he lets go. The collective gasp of the crowd accompanies his fall.
The wind picks up and by the time Lestrade arrives at the Baker Street tube station, it seems to be raining from every direction. There are a few people on the street, bracing against the storm and looking just as wet and miserable as Lestrade. Even Speedy has rolled up his awning.
The woman nods mutely. "The police wasn´t able to identify the killer based on their descriptions. The witnesses were called in to look through photographs of known felons, but it didn´t yield any results. The police said there is nothing they can do."
His stomach fills with ice and the cold blossoms through his body, to the tips of his fingertips and it presses against his stomach. Paroxysms of pain contorts his body and his feet move on their own accord and then he’s leaning over the kitchen sink, vomiting bile and weak tea.
All at once his world’s shifts and changes, the clarity that comes with the realization is harsh and terrible. The jam stains on John’s jumper. The reason he moved out of Baker Street. He can, logically, accept that John moved away, but he cannot fathom that John would
“Well, you know, maybe he’s trying to pull one over on you? See how great your deductive skills really are?”
“Thinking!” John snarls, “She’s dying, your…play pal had her shot! She´s dying and it´s, it´s our fault- doesn't that mean anything to you?”
“How many Alphas do you have in this station? Scotland Yard is relatively significant, you have what, a couple of thousand employees working here. I am betting there is at least four maybe five Alphas in this building at all time.”
This is, of course, not permadeath. There are some significant differences between this version and what is canon, and if that was not all clear in this chapter, it will be evident in the next installment.  Due to the length and the time jump, I am considering diving this story in two.
A few days later, much to her chagrin, Mrs. Braithsworth discovers that her daughter has transferred all of her trust fund money into benefits organization established to help the victims of mesothelioma. It requires another dose of medication to tackle that particular news.
“That’s-“ Lestrade tries, falters and then manages to find his voice again, “this means that the murderer is the one who called the answering machine.”
, John says and finds a blank piece of paper for Sam to draw on.  John makes himself another cup of tea and settles down in the chair across from Sam, occasionally asking questions about what he’s drawing and googling the answer to how crayons are made. Sherlock is still and quiet in his chair with only the sporadic sighs and shuffles of papers.
“It is possible,” Mycroft concedes, “that Moriarty wasn’t fully convinced and was trying to make either of you do something foolish.”
Sally nods and then gestures for Lestrade to follow her across the room to a small table set up at the end. On it sits three cardboard boxes. Inside are shirts, shoes, socks, pants, and underwear, neatly folded, tagged and put in clear evidence bags.
John feels a sudden hammering in his chest and jerks to look at her and sees the unease reflected in her sharp, grey eyes.
John Watson clutches the arms of the uncomfortable wooden chair Doctor Fenway has placed him on. He tries very hard not to squirm.  He wishes that Doctor Fenway would not sound so bloody cheerful about his predicament.
When Moriarty had kidnapped John, a hired hand had just walked up to him on the streets and led him away at gunpoint.
John can tell that Doctor Fenway is restless and wonders at the cause of his unease. He glances about the empty office, but everything is in its usual place. His gaze lingers for a moment on the doorway to the private washroom and he sees the pale glow of light along the crack of the door. It must be a trick of light, but for a moment it looks like there is somebody moving on the other side.
“Right. Simon could have been forced to change clothes on gunpoint, or his clothes could have been changed after he was drugged, though that seems unnecessarily cumbersome” Sherlock continues, “the details on that matter is not all that important.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says and tries to still the cacophony of white noise in his head. Jam. Mud. Tea. A hint of rain. John’s eyes, the storm in them and how it makes something inside him cringe. This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen.
“Here you are, doctor. My what a lovely morning,” she says with a cheery voice, “Enjoy your tea, you can use a little warmth out here.”
Is the connection not between Nash and Crawford, but between Crawford and Braithswort? Does Nash have access to funds they haven’t uncovered? How did Crawford come to know about them?
“Then, the killer realized that your suicide was a fake. Nobody tries to get the attention of a dead man."
“There are things he should know,” John says, and Mycroft doesn't even look up from his phone when he agrees.
“Right,” Sherlock says, “alibis should discount a lot of possible suspects.” Sherlock moves about the flat, his gaze locked on the file, his free hand leading the way as he advances across the room. John cannot help but to think that Sherlock looks more in is element now than when he sat awkwardly at their lunch table. John shifts his weight from one foot to the other hopes to ease the sudden tension in his joints.
-Edward shakes his head and folds his hands on the table, his self-confident smirk finding its way back to his lips. Not for the first time, Lestrade remembers that Edward is a professional actor: he’s working from a script while the rest of them are trying to figure out which role he’s playing. Main lead, obviously, but is he the antagonist or just the stand in for the real villain?
“Let us return to the case at hand: unable to use the promotion material from the execution, Edward Blithely initiates a hate campaign against Alphas on social media. You are unable to link Edward Blithely to this Support Group, the scene of crime, the video material or hard-drive. Despite this, you wish to issue a warrant for his arrest and to search his home and work space in hopes of finding evidence.”
“Sir,” he throws a crisp salute and then strides off. Sherlock watches the man leave, with a look of deep condemnation.
Sherlock can practically see the cognitive cogs in her mind slowly gearing into action. “Oh.” Regaining her confidence, she smiles at Lestrade.
“I’m fine,” John says and gives Sherlock’s left hand a reassuring squeeze. Sherlock doesn’t seem quite convinced and John wonders how much of it is the detective deducing the contents of his mind and how much is the Alpha acting instinctively to sooth the Omega.
This chapter, well, this entire story, would not be possible without my wonderful beta, kgatz, who not only makes the story what it is, but also teaches me things about noses and American geography.
Cobb looks down at Glen Reese as if he’s just now noticing the unconscious guy by his feet.  A low, agonized moan seeps from the man and John has to restrain himself from moving to his aid. Instead he forces his eyes to remain on Cobb. Don’t let the enemy out of your sight.
Lestrade scratches his cheek. “If Finkle’s files were destroyed, I’m not sure which solutions remain for us….”
“The looting has gone on for hours without a single police officer in sight. Only tomorrow we shall be able to see the scale of the damage, but it is likely to be the most severe in recent memory. The Prime Minister recently told us that she is meeting with senior officers at an emergency meeting at midnight to discuss strategy.”
This is somewhat of a special chapter, because I believe it marks the halfway point of the story (as far as my notes goes).
The room is silent for a heartbeat. Edward seems to recover some of his earlier confidence. His lips are curled in a mockery of a smile and there’s an angry shade of red creeping along his neck. Sally notices the sudden change in demeanour. Sally’s posture suddenly tense, mirroring Edward’s.
“Yes,” John says, folding his arms over his chest and stealing another glance down the corridor before he says to Mycroft. “Have you spoken with him?”
He finds his voice, breaks the sudden silence. ”There’s nothing to do at home, might as well make myself useful here.”
Jane Hill moves across the room to stand next to John, undoubtedly to use him as a human shield. He feels her erratic breathing against his cheek; a pearl of sweat is trickling down her forehead.
“No, Ann Lewis’s fiancé, Toby Henricks was with her.  He confirms Ms. Annabell Lewis’ story so far.  They called and knocked on the door, but in the end they had to force it open. They called an ambulance as soon as they saw what had happened, but all the ambulance personnel could do was confirm that she was dead and then they called it in to the Yard.”
It’s a long walk back to Baker Street, but despite the slight chill, it’s a nice afternoon. People are hurrying through Green Park while Sam and John are enjoying their leisurely pace.  Sherlock contemplates the possible restaurants between the Yard and their destination, ruling out those unsuitable for Sam. Would he like Chinese or Indian? What is safe for him to eat? Will he be able to free his phone from his pocket with his left hand so he can search for his answers without letting go of Sam?
He tries to be subtle about it when he nudges his chair a few inches away from Burrell. He doesn't like the sudden proximity of the Alpha, the way his eyes are narrowing, looking at him as if he’s trying to place his face in amongst memories of old friends. Like he´s recognizing something.
But it’s not the nightmare that’s awoken him, and it takes his sleep-addled mind a few seconds to recognize the shrill sound in the room. He fumbles for the source with one hand while part of his mind is searching for his gun, before it reminds him that the gun is now in his wardrobe and not in the nightstand drawer. He can feel his hand knocking over his glass of water, cursing as the liquid seeps into the sleeve of his pajamas and dripping to the carpet. He finds his phone on the third grasp and unlocks it with trembling fingers.
She speaks slowly and with suspiciously articulated confidence. But her words are distorted by the chant below and the Alpha turns his pleading gaze on her. He has to be about thirty or so years old, she reckons. Short brown hair and almond-shaped eyes that make him look younger. Or maybe that’s due to the fear in his eyes. The Alpha looks at the female constable, takes in her gentle smile and there’s this unexpected clench in his chest. Maybe she’s right, maybe things will blow over and he can move somewhere where nobody knows the crime he committed when he was seventeen years old, when his body was battling all these terrifying, vicious forces. The memory sits like a stone in his chest; he remembers the feeling of blood rushing through his head and the friendly doctor telling him that this wasn’t his fault. That he was, in a sense, a victim of biology and that society can’t fault him for urges he has no control over.
There is another moment of silence before Doctor Fenway continues, acting as if he didn’t hear John’s question. “We’ve been talking for a while now, Doctor Watson.”
Mycroft gives him a look like John’s a dog that’s just performed an especially clever trick. God, how he hates that look.
“Now, here is the clever bit,” Sherlock preens, “we take the three pawns and use their heads. Their heads are around, but because the magazine is heavy and stiff, they stand steady on their heads.”
He gathers his patients’ files, shuts down the computer, straightens a few pens and papers on the desk. Closes the curtains and gathers his few meagre personal items, stuffs them in his medical bag to keep Mrs. Gillespie from asking questions he can’t answer.
“He was my stepfather’s physician,” Edward shrugs, “I only met him once, when I was quite young. He explained to me why my stepfather…acted as he did. And that’s the only thing I wish to say on the matter.” He pushes the picture back across the table until Sally takes the hint and slides it back into its slot between Glen Reese and Lee Finkle.
I wish to thank all of you kind and wonderful people who have given me comments, encouragements and kudos here and on tumblr. Without you support, I´d have given up long ago.
Something hard and heavy settles in Lestrade’s chest and he reaches out and places a hand on Mrs. Hudson’s arm, stilling the tremors. Her arm feels thin and bony under the fabric. She smiles, small and brittle and lowers the cup to the table. She pats his hand as if Lestrade is the one in need of comfort.
“Do you want to-” John asks again, arching his neck, exposing the  rapid pulse beating against his skin. It’s a submissive gesture and John feels the sharp intake of breath before Sherlock growls, “no.”
If he presses it, his cover will be blown. There will be a new location, new name, and new job. And he really likes it here.
With a deep breath, he banishes the myriads of the observations and thoughts that presents itself upon studying John.
“Mr. Reese, Glen Reese, came to me and said you asked him to read through the notes on a new book you’re going to publish on an Omega. Named David.”
I think a lot of readers have been looking forward to this chapter and I hope it does not disappoint. As always, you continued support is what drives this story forward. Please do not hesitate to share your thoughts, suggestions and ideas with me.
Moriarty has made himself at home in their living room. He’s sitting at the table that doubles as Sherlock’s desk, idling browsing the headlines of an online newspaper on Sherlock’s laptop. When he sees the two of them, his face creases into a smile that seems eerily fond and genuine, yet sends a shiver down John´s spine.
So they are arguing. Interesting. If they aren’t fully united against him, maybe he can win one to his side. Maybe it’s not too late to make amends with Glen Reese?
Sherlock kisses the dip of his throat, grazes the jut of his collar bone with his teeth and John feels scorching heat as Sherlock’s breath ghosts along his skin to the pale expanse of his neck.
The entry hall is empty, and the tall, metal roof sucks up the sound of his footsteps as he makes his way towards the staircase that will take him to DI Lestrade’s office on the second floor. John is grateful for the silence because it gives him the space to sort his scattered thoughts, to put everything in chronological order until it’s a neat, sensible, narrative. Though, even to himself his story just seems like a series of inexplicable events. If he hadn’t met Glen Reese, he would never have learned about that blasted book and wouldn’t have felt compelled to confront Doctor Fenway. If he hadn’t let his outrage for Doctor Fenway’s actions distract him, he might have picked up on some clue that would indicate that Doctor Fenway would end up dead just a few hours later.
“That’s the only logical reaction when a ….” Sherlock pauses wonders how to define them. He’s never wanted to think about these emotions John conjures in him. He doesn't want to study them, name them. (Flatmates, acquaintance, partners, friends, lovers. What if he gets them wrong, he’s done so before.) He wants John to define it for them. He’ll take anything John will give.
Had he thought he would have to give up being a consulting detective, the very profession he created to stave off mental stagnation. What was it Sherlock had said once, how he abhorred the dull routine of existence, how he needed puzzles and mysteries and to have a mold catalogue to analyse, needed problems to solve, to keep his mind occupied in such a way that he didn’t need artificial stimulants. He’s been worried about it ever since Anderson’s little taunt.
“First we checked the bathroom in 315 and then the toilets in the corridor. Sometimes if the bathroom is occupied the patients will use the ones in the hallway. When we didn't find Mr. Reese in any of the bathrooms, we searched the entire floor, and then the rest of the hospital. Occasionally patients  sleepwalk due to the stress of new surroundings and having to sleep in a room with strangers. None of the night staff, including the orderlies, janitors or the porters had seen Mr. Reese. At that point, security was alerted and we tried to contact Mr. Reese's next of kind, but we unable to locate him at any of the numbers he had provided on the emergency contact information.”
John possesses a wide range of mundane knowledge that Sherlock has not found relevant to put to memory, but which has on a rare occasion been proven vital to solving a case, or another.
“You’ve seen this before,” Sherlock’s voice is low, soft, like John’s a spooked animal that needs careful handling. John balls his hands into fists; he won’t let Sherlock think him weak and easily afflicted.
. There is no more wondering, no more reasons to linger in hope.  The realization stings at first, but accepting the sting and its truth means that he can move on, though first he wants to move out. He can’t stay here in this flat with Sherlock and walk through this emotional minefield every day. This is the final push he needs to break out of the stalemate he has with this Alpha.
His audience does not look convinced, but they move aside and give Sherlock room to unfold his experiment.
“Glen,” John says, kind but firm, holding a finger in front of Glen Reese’s face. His gaze flickers about the room, before he looks at John. His eyes are glassy, his pupils struggling to focus on John’s finger.
I know some of you had some theories about the "main plot," and I'd be very interested to hear your thoughts on it. Please feel free to contact me in comments or on tumblr, http://friolerofiction.tumblr.com/
“Just do as I say, please,” he sounds almost frantic, and John glances up, sees Sherlock standing at the very edge. Behind him, he sees the tall, dark figure of Moriarty. His heart feels like it’s trying to claw it’s way through his chest and he starts running towards the building, cursing his useless limb. If he can just get up there in time-
A police car arrives and two constables emerges from the car, a man and woman. After briefly scanning the crowd, which seems to keep getting larger, the two of them disappear through the main door of the apartment complex. The floor is covered with old newspapers, pamphlets and the mail of former tenants. The male constable wrinkles his nose in disgust at the cloying stench of cat piss.
Doctor Fenway leans back in his chair, hands slightly raised, and he remains as calm and poised as a cat when John marches angrily over and slams his hand onto the desk and yanks the file out of Doctor Fenway’s hands.
He may not know the man all that well, but during all of their encounters Glen Reese had always been a flustered, bumbling man. Two days ago he was sobbing into his telephone at the crack of dawn. John had dragged his unconscious form out of the bathtub before handing him over to paramedics. But, now he's sitting here in a cell, having been  drugged and kidnapped, calm and poised.
“I doubt it was ever just a matter of your safety: Sherlock abhors being told what to do, to be controlled,” he levels his cool, grey eyes at John, “and when Sherlock was unable to maintain control of his Alpha’s instinct he was giving Moriarty a superb motivation to manipulate him.”
John’s memory supplies the image of Fenway, bloodied, beaten and tied to his chair, gunshot wounds staining his body.
He can see Burrell’s last-ditch battle for control. He knows the turmoil that’s warring inside him, the desire to assert domination over somebody who is trying to control him, the voice of logic that is warning him that he’s a heartbeat from crossing a line from which he cannot retreat.
“With Mycroft, I fear,” Sherlock replies as the pale expanse of his neck disappears behind the fabric of his dark, blue shirt. “There is no need to worry, he’s obviously not here to kill us.”
“How could anybody who planned to commit suicide by chlorine gas poisoning manage to buy the wrong products?” Sherlock challenges.
"I just want somebody I can connect with, somebody I feel…..I don´t know  how to explain it, somebody with whom I can share everything with, I mean, looks- they fade with time, right?" John realizes with dismay how utterly lame it sounds.
“Yes, but not necessarily Fenway’s patients,” Sherlock starts only for John to finish his sentence. “They would be victims of an altercation with an Alpha, or the extended family. Though, I suppose in such cases their names might be protected….”
. He wants Sherlock to carry the evidence of John’s possession. He wants his own claim of ownership etched into his skin. It’s nothing he’s wanted before and he tries to shut it off until the heat of it tears through this wall that’s kept him safe for years and years, smashes through and floods him with all the emotions and thoughts he’s kept stored away, because his Alpha-
“It’s quite alright, dearie,” Mrs. Hudson shushes, “I got some crayons and some paper, maybe that would be better?” She pushes her chair back from the kitchen table and disappears into the living room. Mrs. Hudson returns with a thick notebook and a new package of crayons. Sam makes grabby hands as soon as he spots them.
John is grateful that the newspaper is hiding his expression; because he’s certain that his dismay must read so clearly that even Sherlock would understand what has brought it on. He feels as though he’s just been shot again, the bullet cutting right through him, icy cold and then burning hot.
“I insist on a video recording of the proceedings,” she demands, much to Lestrade’s dismay who has to send Donovan back upstairs to find the necessary equipment.
I live here now. He thinks.  He twists in his tangled sheets and stare at drawer in his bedside cabinet. This is my life now.
When the nausea subsides, John goes through his list of injuries. His leg hurts, but that is a familiar pain. His head throbs, but careful probing does not reveal any crusted blood or broken skin. His vision swims and he can´t really remember what happened- the more he tries to assemble  the pieces together, the more his head hurts. He closes his eyes for a moment and diagnoses the nausea and vertigo as signs of a light concussion
John hears the creak of the cot as Glen Reese rises and walks the length of the room, standing with his hands tucked under his armpits, thumbs visible and pointing up.
“Hey, you ever heard about preserving the crime scene?” DI Lestrade comments, rather halfheartedly John thinks. Sherlock just repeats his ‘hmm’ sound again and then marches across the living room to the narrow hallway that leads to the bedroom.  John trails after him, because, well, that is what John has been doing ever since first he chased Sherlock across London.
“It’s a long story,” Lestrade warns. Most of the background noise has disappeared, and Lestrade’s voice is loud and clear in the receiver. He’s probably stepped away from the streets, Mycroft thinks, or he’s sitting inside a car.
Sherlock grins, looking immensely pleased with John. He scoots up in his chair until he’s perching on the edge of it, like a great, black rooster, head bent, eyes skimming over the details, making small, content, noises.
John can feel his defiance rising, and his throat dips as he swallows back his words. There’s no reason to risk antagonizing her, he’s not the only one in danger after all.
Shite, John’s never had a proper Heat. He read about them when he first learned that he was an Omega, but Doctor Fenway gave him access to suppressants and since then he never thought about it.
“Personally,” the woman in the high heels says, wobbling a little, “I’d thank whoever did away with him. Him and the rest of those Alpha monsters.”
The phone sings again and John hurries to answer, pulling away from the crowd in search of some privacy, his heart pounding against his ribcage.
John is tempted to hang up, he’s under no obligation to listen to Glen Reese rail at him, they aren’t friends, at best they are acquaintances and the only reason they are even that is because Glen Reese is an Omega who John happened to meet on a case and has been unable to shake ever since. He doesn’t want to know Glen Reese and all that he represents.
“That’s ridiculous. Of course he’s important, he’s the reason for everything,” Sherlock dips his hand into his pocket, feels the sharp shape of the card. It is illogical that it should feel so heavy.
“Move the desk and those chairs away,” his voice is perfectly calm and flat. John knows that a seizure can be terrifying to watch and the last thing he needs is Jane Hill panicking.
He halts, staring at John and Sam at the kitchen table. For a second, Sherlock looks like he’s suddenly gotten lost in a minefield and doesn’t know which way to proceed without stepping on something. John can see every nuance of emotions warring for control in Sherlock’s eyes. His itch to rush off and confirm his theory. His desire to stay with them. The urgency to solve the case. He wants John to come with him. His obligations to Sam.
Sam says, dipping his chin and staring at Mrs. Hudson from under his long lashes. It’s a look that would have melted the coldest of hearts.
He’s worked for the London metropolitan for almost fifteen years and has too much experience with human capability for brutality. He has seen bloated corpse floating in the river, he has seen bodies writhing with so many maggots it seems as though the victim is still moving. He has worked on accidents scenes where there isn’t much left of the victim. He has photographed dead and mutilated children. Albert Thompson has seen evil before and he recognizes it now. This crime scene could only have taken root in the most sinister of minds.
“I am not useless, I am not useless!” Glen Reese screeches, using his considerable weight to keep Cobb pinned to the ground, his nails raking across Cobb’s face, drawing blood. The man grunts, plants his face into Glen Reese’s face, but Glen Reese sinks his teeth into the flesh of his palm, and Cobb howls with pain.  With a vicious howl, he grabs Glen Reese by the scruff of his shirt and yanks him forward, crashing their heads together.
Possible triggers for graphic description of CPR. Please note that I´m not a medical professional and that all my research is limited to google.
“Oh.” John runs his hand across Toby’s head, the dog licks his fingers and then sets about to investigate the rest of his surroundings, nose firmly pressed to the floor. Sam watches the dog, his expression stuck somewhere between joy and caution, his hand clenching and unclenching against Sherlock’s. The sight pulls at something in John’s chest and leaves him feeling breathless.
John settles Sam atop the bedsheets, carefully pulls off his boots and his coat, brushes his damp hair away from his eyes and places the stuffed dog into Sam’s hands, watches his fingers curl around the soft fabric. He lingers for a long while at his bedside, feeling at home for the first time in a long while.
John scrubs a hand across his brow, trying to sort out his thoughts in a way that doesn´t makes him sound like one of his grandmother´s romance novels.
He shuts the screen, his mind still searching for the words to adequately address the myriad of emotions that are swimming in his chest. In an unguarded moment, Sherlock admits to himself that he might never have felt as happy as he does now, head injury, a broken arm, and unsolved murders be damned.
John remains standing still in the middle of the room, his stomach rolling unpleasantly, threatening to push bile up his throat. He swallows and swallows as the room tilts slowly backwards and forwards.
John awakes to the sensation of an unexpected presence in his room. He lies completely still, allows himself a couple of heartbeats before he opens his eyes and finds Sam’s tiny shape standing in the doorway. His dark, Sherlockian curls from a wild halo around his head. When he sees that John is awake, he hurdles himself across the room and onto the bed. He grabs hold of John’s pyjama-clad arm and tugs while his right hand, middle finger extended, swipes from his waist to his face.
“I'm…” John starts, not knowing how to complete the sentence. He's sorry Glen Reese had a painful experience, but he has an inkling that Glen Reese isn't at all that accepting of  John's feelings of sympathy or remorse.
“I think his whole movement is losing steam,” the tallest woman says. “Unless he does something… radical to grab people’s attention, his campaign is just going to dwindle away into nothing.”
“Been a while since I’ve seen one of these,” Albert Thompson says as he pulls on his blue latex gloves. He, makes a note of the dark, leaking substance, identifying it as probably being blood. “During my second year in London we had this would-be-serial killer who liked to send the police bits of his victims in the post.”
Liberal interpretation of Carl Jung, psychology and the English judicial system. Please disregard my total fibbing of all legal procedures. There is also some angst and smut in here.
And then, with disorientating speed his synapses connects the dots and sends him rushing out of the room.
“You said you found something interesting on the hard drive,” Sherlock says impatiently, eager to move on to the things that are more important than complaining about riots.
“I know,” Molly says, “the pathologist commented on it as well. Drug overdose is far more common amongst women and there were plenty available to her in the apartment.”
He dresses, drags a comb through his hair and brushes his teeth. He descends the stairs and hears the quiet hum from Mrs. Hudson’s radio. The flat is the same as it was last evening. Books, papers, bullet holes. He doesn’t know why he expects it to be different- why he thought that anything would be different, as if one night with Sherlock would send his world off tilt.
“Your client put himself in this situation, Mr. Coil. We're working a kidnapping case and don't have time to wait for him to sober up. Mr. Whitewell has said that he is willing to answer our questions.”
John lets the warmth of the teacup seep into his cold fingers. He stands there, staring at the Christmas tree for a moment, half picking up the sounds of Sam and Sherlock pottering around in the kitchen. The fridge door opening and closing. A pot being filled with water. Drawers and cupboards being opened and closed again. He takes another sip of his tea and is not even slightly surprised to find that it is absolutely perfect.
Sherlock isn’t convinced, he lacks too much data to be able to make a confident analysis of what John may or may not do. John isn’t the only thing that has changed. Lestrade’s got himself married again, to Molly Hooper, (nothing like a massive lie to bring people together). Mrs. Hudson has actually left Baker Street to spend the winter with her sister in France. London has changed. He knows her statistics by heart, crime rates are up by a record 20% the past two years. Minor incidents, in the grand scheme of things, muggings, drug-trafficking, shoplifting, scuffles and fistfights outside bars. Alcohol-induced violence.
“I didn't even know what was happening, that I was….different,” Glen Reese says, and then he turns away from John and addresses his next statement to the door.
Sherlock looks immensely pleased with John and John feels an absurd warmth blossom in his chest and his mouth quirks into a crooked smile before he can stop it.
“Physicians often draw parallels between the Omega heat and hot flashes. While a hot flash may last for as little as two minutes to thirty minutes, an Omega will typically suffer for four to five days. In addition to being an internal sensation, the Omega will appear flushed and the skin will be warm to the touch. At the peak of its Heat, the Omega will experience intense and painful arousal that lasts through the Heat. It is during this stage that unmated Alphas will find the Omega intensely attractive. There have been several documented cases of Alphas attacking Omegas, because they are unable to resist the Omega, and the Omega is helpless to refuse the Alpha’s advances, no matter how unwelcome or brutal the attack is.
John doesn't really expect Sherlock to remain in the backseat of this investigation and is surprised when he quietly ambles over to study the various engine parts. His hands are firmly in his pocket and he´s frowning at various bits of tools and machinery. John wonders if Sherlock has the know-how to reassemble an engine in his Mind Palace and thinks that he probably does.
“Jacob would often lament  that he was unable to find intellectual stimulation among his peers or any academic challenges from his tutors. This feeling is not uncommon for Alphas and probably one of the major reasons they are often drawn to high-risk occupations, they are thrill seekers. It is probably why Jacob concocts these elaborate schemes he plays on people. He complains that people were small-minded, that they lived in their little bubble, are unable to see, to comprehend, the world around them and that he quickly grows bored with their company.
The sound of footsteps in the living room. An exasperated sigh. A heavy object pushed over the floor followed by quiet cursing. Lestrade steps into the living room.
"You are going to walk away from here and keep on walking until you´re back home. You are never going to lay a hand on him again. Do I make myself clear?" The American bares his teeth. He digs his elbow into the man´s windpipe. "Do I?"
And it hurts too much to breathe and John gasps and Sherlock takes it as an invitation to slide his tongue past John’s parted lips, swallowing his noises and licking away any doubts John might voice.
The games begin and Sherlock’s mind is awhirl, flickering through each possibility. Is Moriarty trying to appear relaxed, knowing that Sherlock will see through it?  If that is the case, why the ruse? Why the gun? In their previous encounters Moriarty has never been one to dirty his own hands. Does this mean that truly feels uncertain?
"He´ll explain everything to you, John. The whole Alpha-Omega dynamics. What to expect from your life from now on and how to get Suppressant so you don´t….smell so enticing."
“I’m not so sure,” Mrs. Hudson says, “Mary seems to think that failing to take this seriously will have dire consequences. How did she put it….yes, “it’s too late to take precautions after the house is on fire.””
“If you want to meet him, you should join us for late lunch,” he offers. It’s casual enough, though from the bright gleam in Molly’s eyes you’d think she’d just been offered to meet the Queen.
Sherlock replies. John feels Sam wriggling against his chest, a finger hooked into the corner of his mouth, his eyes pleading.
“Don’t be absurd, John, this isn’t a suicide,” Sherlock scoffs.  Before John can ask any other questions Sherlock strides off again, this time stopping outside a green door.  A little ceramic heart hangs on a nail in the middle.
“Now, Doctor Fenway,” Lestrade continues, capturing Edward’s attention again. “You say that you do not know him, but we have your name listed in his records.”
There’s a hiss in Lestrade’s ear as John and Sherlock loudly discusses something. Lestrade keeps his smile, even as he listens to Sherlock’s absurd suggestion. Then, the mic changes hands and John’s voice resonates through the headphones. Lestrade instantly begins to repeat what John tells him.“You are correct, of course, ms. Alton. There are strong legal safeguards in place to protect patient’s confidentiality. However, there are exception circumstances to this rule, such as for the police to investigate a serious crime.”
It’s been a while since John’s been on the receiving end of a proper temper tantrum. Sam’s embracing every aspect of it like a champ. He howls. He shakes his fists, pushes away Sherlock's hands and kicks against the table with such force that it threatens to knock his chair over. Only Sherlock’s cat-like reflexes stops it from tumbling backwards.
He walks out of the living room, down the empty corridor. He closes the door to 221B and locks it, rattles the doorknob to make sure it’s securely locked.
They return Baker Street in silence.  John feels weird and shaky like he’s walking on eggshells and that at any moment Sherlock will demand that John tell him
Anderson is holding a clear evidence bag and inside it is a slender book with a paper cover. He is still smiling, and John suddenly feels like he's suspended on the edge of a panic attack, he can feel his breath lodge in his throat and his blood rushing from his head. For a moment, he’s just one terrifying heartbeat away scouring away and curl up, hyperventilating, in the corner of the interrogation room.
Sam narrows his eyes as if he doesn’t really trust John’s estimation of the distance between the apartment and the London Zoo.
“Oh, Anderson, Anderson,” Sherlock chants in that sing-song voice he knows grates on every inch of Anderson’s self-control.  The reaction is immediate, Anderson’s cheeks redden and he balls his hands into fists, but before he can retaliate, Sherlock continues, “Do you imbeciles understand even the most fundamental principles of blood splatter analysis?”
London´s pulse is out of synch with his, her streets and her people are unfamiliar. The playing field has changed and for the first time, he doesn't quite know where he fits.
Christ. Even as medical doctor and an army surgeon, John has never been this nervous about presenting his conclusion. What will happen if he is wrong? Is Sherlock just going to ridicule him? And when did Sherlock´s potential mockery become a favorable outcome?
Yu hits the play button and the screen fills with the blurry image of something pinkish. It takes John a second to realize they’re looking at person’s mouth. The camera jostles around and in the background they can hear the sound of an car engine.
It’s been near two years since he last visited 221B Baker Street. It had been shortly after Glen Reese’s head had been found on a stake and Lestrade still had hopes of a swift resolution to Sherlock’s operation. He’s not seen Mrs. Hudson since. The only way he can keep Sherlock’s secrets is by avoiding the people he’s keeping it from.
"I know you have paid attention in class, Mister Watson," Doctor Fenway continues. John suddenly feels as if he is about to be quizzed. John has always been a diligent student. He straightens his posture.
All accolades goes to my beta CowMow for this quick update, my beta is an absolute brick (which I have been told is a genuine British expression).
“You know well my thoughts on love.” He can almost sense John’s wince and John’s voice is hollow when it speaks, even if he’s tried to inject a sense of…carelessness into it. But John Watson was never a good actor.
The woman sitting in the chair in front of them had been blubbering non-stop for almost five minutes. Sherlock remains uncharacteristically silent, perching on the edge of his chair, watching her with cat-like anticipation with his fingers steepled under his chin. He looks, as usually, unimpressed by the woman´s heartfelt tale of woe.
He’s only managed a few steps down the corridor when Sherlock calls his name. It’s a call that John is hardwired to respond to. John stops. Draws a breath. He fights a brief, losing battle with his head and heart, which have formed an alliance against him.
John spares a brief moment to worry about Mycroft’s lax in security if they hadn’t picked up on Alexander lurking around Baker Street, she’s hardly an inconspicuous figure.
John likes the Army Cadet Force. He liked the rigorous exercises, the discipline and the camaraderie among the cadets. At school his academic accolades had always made him stick out like a sore thumb, but in the Cadets he finally found a group like-minded individuals. It was in the ACF, learning to set a sprained ankle, that he met Andrew Cunningham, and somehow, after the unfortunate Scissor Incident, became best mates. Like John, Andrew plans to pursue a medical career, though John often gets the impression that it is a small step in his grandiose plan of becoming an ace heart surgeon, making millions of pounds and "scoring a hot, blonde, wife."
John wonders how obvious he is in displaying his affections.  Are the adjectives he chooses in his blog too telling? Is he too considerate when he offers to make Sherlock tea just as he knows Sherlock prefers it? Is he touching Sherlock more often than would be considered acceptable between friends, colleagues or flatmates?
When her cell phone jolts her out of her sleep just past midnight, it’s with a sickening feeling. She wipes the grit of sleep out off her eyes and glances at the red, blurry numbers of today’s date. She knows why she’s being called out.
Sam looks down at his tablet again and then over at Sherlock as if he’s assessing Sherlock’s potential beneficial input to his current puzzle. He grabs the tablet and scampers over to the bed, and John gives his back a small nudge to help him up.  Sherlock tries not to wince as Sam settles against him, manoeuvring his arm until he has Sam’s warm back against his chest and the tablet in his lap.
The two Alpha turns to sneer at him and the constable’s pupils narrow into slits, blinking slowly like a crocodile winking at you from just over the surface of the water.
Sam seems content with this confirmation and returns his attention to his bowl of berries only glancing up to point at things, moving his hands through sometimes complicated signs and preening under John’s confirmation when he got them right. His vocabulary is expanding daily, and John thinks that he’s not too far away from stringing them together to more than three-word sentences.
Edward clears his throat, preparing to answer Lestrade when there is a knock on the door so sharp that it makes Edward jolt in his seat.
John circles his fingers gently around Sherlock’s wrist, before sliding them down to cover his hand, lacing their fingers together, and smiles.
“Well, he’s forwarding your tradition,” John answers, even if he doesn’t know if it’s Mycroft’s tradition of pretending that he doesn’t realize that Sherlock is pretending.
Much later, when John Watson is blinking at him in morse code while wrapped up in a Semtex vest of explosives, Sherlock realizes that he desires that John Watson remains in his life.
It is like Sherlock has decided to sweep that under the rug, along with John’s feelings for him. John’s too much of a coward to confront him or raise the subject again, because part of him likes that Sherlock is pretending that everything is
But not even in his imagination can he conjure up a Sherlock Holmes that wouldn’t have been willing to sacrifice what he thought necessary to keep the people he cared about safe. The acceptance sits heavy in his chest.
John returns his attention to the files, flipping through them until he finds the close up of Isidora’s body. There are ligature marks on her neck that matches the strangulation patterns of the cables suspended around her neck. There’s nothing to indicate that the cause of death wasn’t strangulation by hanging.
Sherlock devours every inch of John with his eyes, the way his hair curls around his ears, the white blossom of a gunshot wound painted on his shoulder. He skims his fingers across the scar, and then yanks his hand back as though he’s been scolded.
“Doctor Watson. This book was recovered from the locked desk in Doctor Fenway’s office. Is there any reason your fingerprints should be on this book?”
Up close, John sees young, mousy eyes behind glasses knocked askew, accompanied by a smudge of dirt across her nose.
Well, Molly’s part he understands. Sherlock would have needed somebody he trusted to mock up an autopsy report and to procure a fake weight for the coffin. And Lestrade, allright, somebody had needed to write the police report and the following inquest. Sherlock had also needed somebody to collect his reports and arrest the participants of Moriarty’s game.
“Do you honestly think Moriarty is going to send you off to live happily ever after in what, South America? You think he was ever going to let Glen Reese trot off. You don’t even know the man you’re working for-he doesn’t leave anything to chance. He’s got this all planned out to  the most minute detail, the only thing he didn’t plan was Glen Reese falling ill and you….acting like a decent human being and taking him to the hospital. This is our one chance to get a step ahead of him.”
“You are quite interesting, Doctor Watson,” Doctor Fenway says, his voice still warm and calm and grating on every inch of John’s self-control. “For most Omegas the instinct is to submit and protect oneself. You, however, seek danger in an effort, I believe, to prove to the world how you are most definitely not an Omega.”
He wonders if this is normal, Friday afternoon, behaviour for Paradise Gardens. Is this a house party or a spur of the moment of celebration?
John struggles awake and scrambles for the light on his nightstand. His legs are tangled in his sheet and he’s knocked one of his pillows onto the floor. The light flickers on, casting dim shadows on his surroundings and chasing away the last vestiges of his nightmares. It’s usually Afghanistan, but this night he was back in the alley with Adrian Reese and it takes him three heartbeats to recognize his surroundings and to assure himself that the Alpha is not in the room.
Edward leans across the table and looks down at the photographs. He presses his lips to a thin line. There’s just the faintest flinch, more of a twitch really. Ms. Alton’s frown deepens and she leans over Edward’s shoulder to get a better look at the pictures. She scribbles something into her notebook with a pinched expression.
John waves them off early in the morning; Sam in his raincoat and Wellies while Sherlock tug his collar up against the rain. They disappear into one of Mycroft’s cars, Sam with an expression somewhere between excitement and unease at leaving John behind.
Albert tells them he still has his military issued handgun, and old Mrs. Tormberry from 301 says that she still has her old service weapon from her days in the RAF. So, if any of these Alphas give them any trouble, they’ll be sorry.
John wipes a hand across his face and blinks until his vision clears. The room is desperately warm and he can feel beads of sweat trickle down the back of his neck.
If it is about the money, then it doesn’t really matter to Crawford if Isiodra Nash was murdered or not.
“Excerpts are hesitant to make a connection between the recent influx of homicides and violent crimes to the growing rioting and hatred of Alphas,” the reporter says to the camera. “Many are clamouring for an end to these unrests, and for answers to crimes proposed by the so-called List. Others demand changes to the legal proceedings such as stricter consequences for Alpha offenders, despite their youth and the circumstances of the incidents. Edward Blithely, seen by many as the leader and instigator of a growing social movement against Alphas, has said that he does not condone violence of any kind. He has been unable to comment on the recent-”
“There’s a small closet that was used to store her files,” Lestrade explains and gestures towards to the charred remains of the door. “Not much left to see.”
This realization had required four nicotine patches to analyze because he’s unfamiliar with emotional epiphanies concerning other people. (Aside for the one where he worked out that he wanted as little as possible to do with Mycroft, but certainly that was only common sense. An imbecile would have come to the same conclusion.)
There are still many hours left of the morning and John needs to fill the time with something else than his own thoughts. The clock hasn’t even passed eight when he’s dressing himself and Sam for another trip outside.
They look like shit. Soaked to  the bone, covered in blood, their pants and shoes caked in mud. John looks weary, his hair plastered to his skull by the rain.
“Bloody hell,” John groans, his posture slumping, “do I really need to explain this particular…?” John glances away, his knuckles turning white. “What was it you called it? Oh, right. Evolutionary cul-de-sac?”
As always, I am debt to my wonderful beta CowMow, who listens to my ramblings and crazy ideas, and still manages to decide I´m worth the time and effort. <3
Lestrade looks terrible and he knows he doesn't look much better himself, with dark circles under his eyes, his jaw unshaved and a large bandage on his forehead.
Sam ambles down the corridor to his room and Sherlock follows in his wake, mindful of remaining in line of sight at all times.
“Mr. Reese,” John schools his expression, he's become an expert in hiding his emotions these days. “How can I help you?”
It’s improbable but not impossible, after all his face was in the rags magazines plenty of times in connection with Glen Reese’s trial and then again when Glen Reese’s decapitated head showed up on a stake a couple of feet from his former flat.
John puts all his strength and precision behind his fist as he throws a punch at Sherlock that sends the taller man reeling backward, clutching his nose. Christ, that
Anger flares, bright and dangerous, and Courtney has to reel in her temper to avoid raking her well-manicured nails across the guy´s smug face. “What do you mean?”
As always, all my thanks to everybody who gives me their support and encouragement, and especially my Beta  CowMow, who is an absolute corker.
“Sir, the children,the teachers, the headmaster not to mention the very angry parents are  hysterical. The publicity is going to be an utter nightmare.”
“Call me on my cell if there’s anything important,” Lestrade mumbles in an effort to make it appear that he is still in control of what happens in his own office. Yu Kosaki bows again, and then hurries out.
"I know this probably sounds cliché, but that doesn’t make it any less true. Yesterday I was assaulted and I had no idea what to do, I just stood there, frozen, terrified and I never want to feel like that again. They all say Omegas aren´t fit for a life in the army, and maybe that is true, but I think that´s something I should get to decide and prescribed by society."
“Jane Hill, did.” He wets his lips. “She said she could hook me up with this really easy job: walk in, grab this fellow and escort him to the police car. She was going to pay me 5000 pounds for it.”
“He gets a bit unnerved when people appear unannounced,” John explains, carefully placing a hand on Sam’s head, combing back his curls. Sam makes grabby hands at John, and John kneels until he has Sam’s attention, saying slowly,
“We have been differentiating Alphas for decades, but the laws have always distinguished in their favor. Our list of demands is only seeking to remove this leniency given to Alphas who commit serious crimes and to reduce the dangerous influence they have on our society.”
Edward leans back into his chair again, his jaw clenched as though he’s working through his response. Before he can form it, his lawyer intercedes.
The female news anchor looks up from her papers to address the nation, “the metropolitan police has described the riots the worst since the London Riot of 1981. The riots started when a peaceful protest over the Parliament refusal to debate the list of demands set forth by Edward Blithely, despite 100 000 signatures gathered. The reason rejection of the petition was stated to be because it violets the privacy act.”
He bites his lips, shuffles his hips a little and thinks that he might just cry from the pain and humiliation of it all.
The truth is hardly a suitable answer, so John agrees and manages to lead her into a conversation about the weather and the new medical examiner’s location. He skirts around conversational pitfalls, such as the latest political trends, anything related to the case or their estrangement for the past three years.
“We only need him in the interview room. Besides, I think I’ve earned myself some good will,” Sherlock says, his voice oddly soft. Lestrade notices it and Sherlock’s quick glance at John.
“I don’t know.” Lestrade gestures for them to follow him down the corridor. “Usually something else happens to divert the public’s interest, another scandal or crisis. But a lot of people seem to feel very strongly about this. I guess it’s because of all the personal stories that are constantly being published. Every day there’s a new, grim tale to fuel the fire.”
“If we assume,” Sherlock drawls, opening one eye to peer right up at John, before swinging his legs over the side of the sofa and jumping up, “that the killing was an execution of Alphas, then we can conclude that the executioners-to-be assumed he was another Alpha slotted for the ceremony.”
He turns back to Susan Clearwell and she nods. "That´s it. It was over in seconds. I couldn’t even tell if it was a man or a woman, if he or she was young or old. Sorry, but I can´t help you."
She proceeds to measure the length and width of the head and photograph it from every possible angle. Now and again she´ll pause and say “hmmm” in a way that Lestrade has learned to recognize actually means: this is strange, unusual and really
He steels himself for the part when he has to tell DI Lestrade exactly why he had been kidnapped, and he is incredibly grateful that the DI Lestrade’s laptop screen hides his expression. John has to expound on the part where Glen Reese confessed to Doctor Fenway’s murder and how he met Jacob- Moriarty- online and agreed to let Moriarty concept this scheme so Glen Reese could get his revenge.
John may not be as observant and skilled in reading people as Sherlock Holmes, but he knows that Doctor Fenway is lying.
Except, he really hasn´t. He may always be in the same room as Sherlock, but he´ll never see, observe, the world as Sherlock does and connect the dots as easily as Sherlock does. He will always try and catch up with Sherlock Holmes.
“Wrong!” Sherlock declares with glee, clasping his hands together.  John thinks there may be nothing more wonderful in the world than watching Sherlock as he is now, opening their eyes to everything they aren’t seeing, or rather, observing.  For a moment they’ll see the world as Sherlock sees it, thousands of points of information interacting and telling a story.
“Listen, I don’t usually like it when men come on strong, but in your case, I might make an exception.”
“Where’s the emergency exit?” John asked Karl as the three men rushed toward the back of the shop into the wall of frigid air emanating from the dairy aisle.
As John bound Karl’s wrists and ankles with duct tape and left him hog-tied on the linoleum floor, the two-way radio crackled to life again.
Sherlock’s hand, which still lay on John’s shoulder, clutched John’s shirt as his other hand flew up to touch the side of his face. John grabbed Sherlock’s shirt and pulled it out of his trousers so his hands could move up the bare skin of his back and pull him closer. Sherlock’s hands slid into John’s hair, which was sleeker and longer and greyer than it had been the last time he’d touched it.
“She’s learned to escape her cot, it would seem,” Sherlock said lightly. “But she can still be contained with a baby gate at the top of the stairs, for now.”
He’d missed John almost more at that time than when he’d been abroad. During those two grim years, he’d at least had a purpose that was bound up in his love for John, in keeping John safe. It was perfect, in a way. A total immersion in puzzle-solving and periodic violence--two of his personal specialties--all in the service of the person he cared most about. He’d had neither the time nor the ability to keep tabs on John as he’d have liked to do, trusting that Mycroft would watch over him, and somehow the possibility had escaped him that John would shake off the dust of their shared life so completely.
“Yippee-ki-yay, you bloody wanker,” John muttered in reply, setting down the walkie talkie and stripping off his cable-knit jumper.
The following morning, John woke up to the sound of Sherlock playing the violin. That was nothing unusual, but it occurred to him that the room was oddly bright. He glanced at his alarm clock; it was 7:30. That explained it. Generally Rosie woke at 6, if not before, and woke John up chattering away to herself in her cot. The windows blazed with light; he’d forgotten to draw the curtains last night. He sat up and looked over at Rosie’s cot. It was empty. Oh God, she had learned to climb out of it!
John cautiously exited the manager’s office and rounded a corner with his box cutter drawn and at the ready. Suddenly, he found himself slipping on a huge puddle of red liquid, flailing his arms and grabbing at a shelf of craft beers for support. Was that blood? As John regained his balance and looked more closely, he understood. It wasn’t blood--it was wine. He gaped at a sea of the stuff that lay in his path, scattered with evil-looking shards of green glass. Karl had pushed over a tower of cases of Charles Shaw cabernet sauvignon to discourage John from heading toward the back of the shop. Karl hoped to steer him toward the front where his partners in crime were waiting. Well, it was a waste of a perfectly drinkable, affordable vintage, because John wasn’t about to be deterred. He took a deep breath and ran over the broken glass towards where he judged Karl to be, smug in the knowledge that (over Sherlock’s objections) he had worn a comfortable, if unfashionable, pair of athletic shoes with thick spongy soles.
“More than anything,” John said before pressing his lips to Sherlock’s again. Sherlock kissed him back and put his arms around him. It felt so familiar and so unfamiliar at once that it gave him vertigo. It was like waking up from a yearslong, dark dream. He pulled back a little to look into John’s eyes, filled with life and intelligence and...yes, it
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and bent his head to take the tip of John’s finger into his mouth. He licked and sucked it, his eyes locked on John’s. John felt a flush rise to his cheeks at the sensation and could not help licking his lips.
“I need to say something,” he said, looking at the ceiling. Sherlock tried to knit together the shattered fragments of his composure. They could still go back to friendship, to the way things were yesterday. This need not ruin that fragile thing they had. Finally, John spoke again.
“John, there you are!” Sherlock crowed. He pulled out his phone and started texting, talking all the while. “What a lucky break! As you know, John, I have a love/hate relationship with the London criminal classes. I
Sherlock jerked the focus knob and the objective lens hit the slide and cracked it in two. He managed not to react otherwise, although his heart leaped into his throat.
“Karl, where the hell have you been?” Hans groused. He turned, only to find himself staring down the barrel of the gun John had confiscated from his associate. Simultaneously, he heard a sharp cry as Sherlock leaped into action, squirting Grapefruit and Lemon Hand Sanitizer Spray into Tony’s eyes and disarming her easily.
“Yes,” Sherlock finally said. “We can go home.” He gave John’s hand a minute squeeze; the tiny gesture filled John with an agonizing hopefulness that he did his best to repress.
He went a little deeper, a little deeper, moving inside him and listening to John’s shaky breaths and murmured encouragement. Like this, though, he couldn’t kiss John; their height difference was too great. He pulled back and commenced thrusting shallowly again, bending to brush his lips against John’s. The feeling of their lips connecting while he was inside John was so powerful that Sherlock was suddenly closer to orgasm than he’d realized.
“To get your gun?” Sherlock replied slowly. “Yes, good idea. I’ll tell Lestrade to meet us there and I’ll put Mrs. Hudson on standby to collect Rosie from the creche if this goes long.”
John glanced over at Sherlock, who was looking away from him out the window, his right arm slung over the back of the seat and his right index and middle finger tracing the line of his lips. His left hand lay on the seat between the two of them. John reached for it again on impulse, grasped Sherlock’s long fingers and felt an answering squeeze.
A winded Sherlock arrived in the bedroom furniture section only to be confronted by what seemed like endless wardrobes. His heart sank; then he heard a text alert.
“It wasn’t. I know I said it at the time but--” John looked down. “It was one of the many wrong things I said. And did.”
,” he said with a kind of contempt for the word. “And neither are you. You seem to want to hear that I’m angry, that I hate you, that I’ll never forgive you. And maybe you’re right. Maybe I should be angry. Maybe it’s wrong to forgive you. But all I can tell you is that after Mary died, after--”
“I have to go now, my little Rosebud. Are you being very, very good for Auntie Molly? Daddy and I will bring you home something special if you are!”
“John, you were absolutely right about Trader Joe’s,” he said approvingly. “This was great fun. Let’s come back tomorrow!”
“Finally! That’s the second time you’ve FaceTimed with Rosie today! What news can a three-year-old possibly have stored up between breakfast and lunch?”
“I wouldn’t do that, John,” said Karl with a menacing smile. “You two better join the rest up by the cash registers. Now.”
“That doesn’t even make any sense,” Sherlock breathed, his mouth nuzzling John’s ear in turn. “But it sounds wonderfully dirty. I’m in. Let’s get three jars.”
The two maneuvered through the crush of pedestrians, many burdened with packages and festive red-and-green shopping bags. As an early Christmas gift, Molly had insisted that John and Sherlock leave Rosie with her and spend a week away, just the two of them. They’d rushed to buy plane tickets, renew passports, and book a hotel. Neither of them knew New York well, but they’d ended up with a plum spot close to Central Park.
“It’s unseasonably mild,” John insisted, taking Sherlock’s hand and leading him through the double doors. “Besides, I want to pick up some Speculoos Cookie Butter. I had some when I was in the States for that conference a year ago, remember? This time I’ll get a couple of extra jars to take home so I don’t eat it all before we board the plane.”
“Oh, please,” he said, withdrawing his hand and turning up his coat collar as he started toward the high street and the nearest taxis. John smiled and followed him.
“Nothing’s wrong. Why would anything be wrong?” John said unconvincingly, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze as he moved across the room to sling his jacket over his chair. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and followed him over.
“You idiot! How could you let him get away?” Hans snarled. He was a tall blond with keen eyes, an aquiline nose, and an imperious expression whose effect was only slightly dimmed by his gaudy Hawaiian shirt. He shook his head in disgust and pointed a gun at Sherlock. “You, get over here with the rest. Tony, don’t let this one out of your sight. Karl, for God’s sake, find the boyfriend. And when you do, do whatever it takes to neutralize the threat.”
“Hello, Miss Bun! Won’t you please give Rosie a big hug for me since I’m so far away over the ocean?”
He followed the mop’s vanishing trail before it could dry completely. It led him to a janitor’s closet, but the door was locked. Working quickly with a credit card and a bent paperclip that he kept handy for just such an occasion, he jimmied it open to reveal a man lying passed out on the floor, bundled in bloody VÅGSJÖN towels.
Sherlock reached down to undo John’s belt and trousers; John helpfully raised his hips to allow it and fumbled at Sherlock’s trousers in turn. Soon Sherlock was nude from the waist down and John’s trousers and pants were around his knees. Sherlock reached around to grab John’s arse and pull him tightly to him but slipped so he was half-on, half-off the sofa. John moaned as their erections were squeezed between them.
“I’m here to help you, can you talk?” Sherlock said, setting aside his phone. “Who did this to you?”
John wove through the masses crowded around stacks of shockingly affordable toilet brushes and shower curtains. He found the men’s loo, but there was no changing table inside. Frustrated, he joined the queue of exhausted parents and squalling children waiting for the family restroom.
“Did you even read the book I got? The Royal College of Pediatrics does not recommend giving sweetened foods to children under two,” John replied testily. “Besides…” He trailed off.
John wanted to take him by the shoulders and shake him, wanted to slide his hands between the open sides of his coat and wrap his arms around him. He wanted to drag him away from guns and chases and cops and robbers. He wanted to get him home and lock the door behind them.
After his return from Serbia, Sherlock had adjusted to a kind of low-grade grief that pressed down on him constantly and at acute moments seemed to squeeze the breath out of him. John had been living with Mary, the two of them wrapped up in one another and then in their new baby. And rightly so, of course. Sherlock had understood intellectually that it was right, even if he couldn’t bring himself to feel it.
“No, I could not,” John said. “In fact, I’m leaving you to it. Rosie needs a change. Then I’ll be looking at high chairs. Text me when you’ve picked one.”
That night, Sherlock lay on the couch while John and Rosie slept upstairs in the room they shared. He fancied he was lying in the indentation left by John’s latest nap. Perhaps this would help him divine what was going through John’s head.
“Progressive Swedish company, my arse,” he muttered. “How on earth does IKEA not have a changing table in the gents’?”
At least, that is what he would have said if Sherlock’s mouth hadn’t suddenly smothered his own with an urgent kiss. Still snug in her carrier, Rosie giggled as she was gently enfolded between them. Sherlock released John's shoulders and raised his hands to his face, drawing him still closer into the kiss.
that they’re so bloody stupid as to provide me with more information just as I’m hitting a wall, and I
Sherlock regarded him silently for a few moments more. His brow knit, he lowered his gaze to their joined hands once more. The sky was clearing; John became suddenly aware of pale, tentative sunlight filtering down through the departing wisps of cloud, filling the puddles at their feet with sudden reflections and limning the contours of Sherlock’s face before him.
A little while later John came back to bed with two glasses of water. His expression was muted. Sherlock’s heart clenched.
“John.” Sherlock turned his piercing gaze on John and used his deepest, most reproachful voice. “She’s changing so fast. I can barely keep up with cataloguing her neologisms and enthusiasms. When we left London four days ago she was obsessed with umbrellas. Now umbrellas are old hat and she’s besotted with spatulas! Spatulas, John!”
“Left at the silverware display, right at the picture frames, right again at the floor lamps, up the stairs, left at the throw rugs, past Småland, and you’re there.”
It was from Lestrade; it was a photo of the completed SONGESAND. Very tasteful, Sherlock had to admit.
The problem was, he couldn’t help but send glass shards skittering in all directions as he ran, and the sound alerted the criminals. John heard their chatter over the walkie talkie.
“I still think I could have pulled off the plaid,” John said, setting his new Fluevog boots aside as he climbed into the hotel room bed. Sherlock had loomed over him with silent, sour disapproval as John tried on the
Sherlock clambered to his feet and helped John up and out of the rest of his clothes. John’s hands were on his hips and he bent to kiss him again, shedding his shirt as they stumbled back towards his bedroom and onto the bed. He got on top of John and lay between his legs, fumbling in the bedside table for lube. He spread a palmful on their twinned erections and grasped them both as best he could, pumping lightly. John threw his arms back over his head, moaning and sighing at the sensations. The sight was too erotic. Sherlock let go of John’s cock, grasped his own and rubbed the head along John’s perineum, forward and back so that it pushed against his balls at the front and just brushed his arsehole at the back end of each stroke.
Early one morning later that week, Sherlock was muttering at the screen of his--scratch that, John’s--laptop as John herded Rosie towards the door.
… He free associated. Sand: beaches, tropical vacations… Song: "Under the Boardwalk." "Kokomo." "Margaritaville"? This didn’t seem promising. Just then, a reply from Lestrade arrived.
John had found the manager’s office and watched the CCTV feed as Sherlock joined the rest of the hostages. Karl was obviously being berated by his boss, judging by the taller man’s sharp gestures and Karl’s hangdog posture. Then a third person, a young woman, trained her gun on the hostages while Karl and his boss grabbed their employee walkie talkies. Karl stalked off camera, and John heard a burst of static from behind him. Another walkie talkie lay on the manager’s desk.
“No harm done,” John replied. “Except to my shoes. Unfortunately, the soles are completely knackered after running over broken glass.”
Then he was coming and coming inside him, and slipping out, and John was grabbing Sherlock’s wrist and guiding his hand, fucking Sherlock’s fist and coming gloriously all over it, and they were both laughing breathlessly with delight and relief.
The second time it happened was a week later, at the corner shop. They’d collected Rosie from the creche on the way home from the Yard. John grabbed some milk while Sherlock stared at the rows of forbidden cigarettes behind the counter. He heard John’s voice behind him.
John looked around as he fished out the money for the cab driver. The weather was overcast but dry, and he could see Sherlock on the far end of the overgrown plot, crouching by a chain-link fence and peering through his magnifier. A car came down the street on the opposite side of the fence and disappeared around the corner. John started to make his way over the uneven ground and around piles of rubbish--an old tyre, broken flower pots, the rusting, twisted frame of a bicycle. Just then the car that had just passed reappeared, its passenger side window opened, and John heard several popping sounds. He instinctively threw himself to the ground but when he looked up, he saw that far from taking cover, Sherlock had leaped up and was running toward the nearest gap in the fence and after the car which now sped away down the street.
