right, why not give it a shot? They both studied in the same city, and the rest… that could wait. The peace that embalmed him when John’s hand held his made him long for more. Much more. And the rest could be postponed until the end of August. Just this once, he would grant himself one reckless decision. John was worth it, his whole being knew it now.
He looked through his backpack, taking out a packet of biscuits he’d saved from his home before departing. A good-bye gift from his landlady, Mrs Hudson. Of course she wouldn’t let him leave without them.
“Wait. John can see your wings?”
“How can you be so… hopeful?” Cas asked eventually as Ariel sang her heart out. Irene gave him a side glance.
Sherlock huffed as he propped himself up on his elbows, and John’s arms helped haul him into a sitting position. His legs felt as though they were made of reef coral, stiff and numb. Well, even reef coral was surely more sensitive to touch than these two limbs currently were.
“I see that you haven’t grown gills yet. Disappointing given that you smell like fish,” he replied, sniffing his own armpit. “I hope you’ll shower.”
“Get ice cream,” Irene said, sitting cross-legged next to Cas on her bed. “And also iced coffee.”
“Good. Because if any of these bastards try to get you, they’ll have to go through me and Mrs Hudson.”
Cas glanced at him, a smile tugging at his lips. “We do. I like her and John and Sherlock. I haven’t told you, but there is this… air, let’s say -- no, an aura, actually -- that John has. I compared it to that of a bee. To elaborate, bees are believed to have been created to be God’s messengers or warriors, depending how you interpret it. They’re trustworthy and reliable. Angels would put their trust into them without a doubt.”
“You dozed until noon.”
"So, how are we doing?" Professor Slughorn said loudly as he examined the potions desk by desk. John stared at his own in horror, in the meantime of him chatting he forgot to add newt eyes to his solution and the whole thing was bright orange instead of lime green.
“What?” the other three shouted in unison, just as baffled. “How?”
in which summer begins
“What the fuck? Sherlock, what’s going on?”
“It’s fine. It happened over a decade ago. Thirteen years to be exact.” He considered how to begin and took a deep breath, fingers of his left hand rhythmically dancing over John’s sternum. “The details are fizzy, I kind of blocked out some of it as a kid, but I remember that one year when Mycroft came home for Christmas, he was tense. He relaxed over the holidays and we celebrated my birthday in January, but I noticed that something was troubling him. I was still in my pirate phase and I made him promise to come back with a big treasure, which he did. I don’t know, he had graduated already by then, I think he was working on his third PhD --”
He swallowed, Sherlock repeating the motion.
He checked his silver watch on his left wrist. It’s been over an hour since his fortunate arrival to the mall when he got a nice view of Sherlock and Johnny-boy walking side by side, holding hands, goofy smiles on their faces. It was so adorable it made him sick. Sherly-boy actually started attending boxing classes, and his
"Brilliant deduction, John," said Sherlock flatly. John poked him, rolling his eyes.
“Your tooth?” Sherlock asked, a horrified expression scrunching up his face. His nose wrinkled in distaste when Greg gave an affirmative nod. “Why a tooth?”
"Okay, but how do you get to a House Elf?" interested John, his legs heavy with exhaustion.
“I have lots of names,” replied Seb cryptically. “Handsome, Gorgeous, Bastard, a Britney Spears Stan…”
Mike grinned. “Pretty morbid, I know. But that’s our Molly.”
“Do you need our help?”
“What is that?” Irene pointed at the thing.
“Three orphaned pixies in a trench coat.”
things. He could do without the embarrassment now, though, and he promptly looked at his feet and shifted his stance and by proxy his jeans too.
“Yeah. But I’m not sure he’ll be a hundred-percent convinced if it’s just me.”
“No.”
“Yes, I thought that was obvious,” Cas deadpanned, walking forward to snoop in Dean’s drawers. He let him, figuring that he had enough chastising for the day. It’s not like he minded Cas going through his stuff at this point. Any trace of him was welcome.
“Don’t forget your wallet, Sherlock,” Irene reminded him as she kicked a pair of black socks under his bed.
“No. It’s strange to be on the receiving end of your deductions, that much is true, but it’s still brilliant. Besides… I dunno. It’s unlikely I’d ever speak of it myself, as you pointed out. I’m not used to speaking about it. But you, seeing at least the skeleton in the closet, knowing it? Yeah, that makes it a shit ton easier. Sure, you have the approximate facts and you’re pretty damn accurate, but there’s more to it.”
John beamed at the reassurance. “Thank you, Sherlock.”
“Hi,” the goth girl said, smiling tightly, showing off her shiny teeth.
. Sure, Jan. Just end it soon.
His reflection grinned widely. “Pleasure’s all mine, Sherlock.”
no point in talking, let's just see the pining in action translate into more
Suddenly, the world shifted, and Sherlock found himself sitting upright, slotted in the vee of John’s legs as his hands steadied him, John cradling his cheeks, fixing him a stern stare. “Sherlock, don’t say that. That’s not gonna happen, alright? We’ve been over that. And this,” he took both their hands, nodding at the silver rings they both had, “is a good reminder of that.”
Irene chuckled. “You’re taking it a bit too far, but yeah. I get your point. But Greg can still protest. What if he says they can’t stay at the Shack and he calls Animal Control or a local shelter?”
and hit the wall.
“If you are fast enough you’ll make it till lunch and we will still have a couple hours left for fishing,” John said, getting out of the boat as well with Sherlock’s help.
“He’s quite generous for scamming people so fervently.”
Irene grinned. “He’s got a point, but until you two virgins stop acting so shy and innocent, I’ll have a field day.”
“I decided to start collecting them,” she said, stepping back and tilting her head to look Greg in the eye as if to challenge her newfound passion. “I have my Union Jack flag at home, and I think I’ve got Wales too, but I could use a flag of the US.”
“Yes. Some answers need time to reveal themselves. Besides, it’s still gaining strength. I wouldn’t be surprised if TARDIS stops here relatively soon enough.”
He graciously left out the many details of Torchwood, British Men of Letters, the Grimm Network, and Anthea’s and his involvement in trying to solve this memory loss bullshit that they were facing. The clock was ticking in the basement of his mind devilishly, growing louder by the day. It was a week till John’s twenty-third birthday, but his nephew had a skewed perception of time and events and probably thought it would be his twenty-second on this planet.
“Oh shit,” he heard John say.
“Fuck you.”
Sherlock debated, deciding against the idea. There’s a chance Rosie is close, just like the kidnapper, and so he picked up his pace, wishing that he were born with eyes on the back of his head and not just the front. Useless, these organs of vision, if he couldn’t make the most of them when needed.
John sat on the porch, sunbathing. Or so he told himself. He and Sherlock went through second-year medicine chemistry and biology together. John noticed Sherlock’s textbook yesterday before he and Irene left and brought up the subject earlier today. Sherlock had a copy of a fourth year chemistry university textbook, claiming he was always ahead of everyone else. Plus, this was fun for him along with the science of deduction. John didn’t doubt it, seeing how well Sherlock understood the subject and how graciously he explained the concepts and  topics John had failed to grasp during the school year. In turn, John walked him through his ‘beginner’ medical knowledge. Sherlock absorbed the information like a sponge, saying it would be useful to have this knowledge at future crime scenes.
played on the TV, the dialogues interrupted by their crunching on chips.
She left and Greg stood up only to face-plant the king sized bed in a second. It’s not that he was worried about the kids. He’d spotted a fuckwit from the Club tail them out of town, so they’ll be focused elsewhere and not on the Shack. Greg managed to lose the idjit halfway to Florida, so there’s that. Now he has to text his man Florida, be bi, do crime, all that jazz…
Irene threw a glance at Sherlock, who was absorbed in his ridiculous crossword, seemingly oblivious to what John had said. The silence in the kitchen was deafening, so Irene left John to fold the sandwiches into perfection and went to fetch Kate and Cas. Mrs Hudson was dusting in the living room and moved strategically upstairs. No furniture was forgotten, and even the stuffed abominations got a touch-up, the picture frames that held cryptic grainy photographs and paintings of cats moving from side to side before settling into an angle no one cared to adjust. Mrs Hudson liked it better like this, Greg couldn’t give a damn, and Irene appreciated its unique vibe. She fetched Kate and Cas to join them in the kitchen, and the five of them devoured the sandwiches sooner than Mrs Hudson was done dusting the ground floor. Cas didn’t count -- he took his sandwich apart, poking at the lettuce and ham while Irene and Sherlock each stole from his tomatoes, John the lettuce, Kate the ham, and the dogs got the bread. Everyone was sated.
“Did he date anyone here?” Irene asked again, careful with her inquiring tone. It would probably be for the best if they left the topic of John’s past for the time being. Irene could ask him for herself if the opportunity arose in the future. She realised how her question may have come off, so she hastily added, “I’m not asking for me -”
this town anymore?” John heard himself say as he listed through the file on the conspiracy again. “Aha! It says here that Hirsch believed one can hibernate or survive if they get covered by tempered mixture of dark and milk chocolate like a Kinder Egg.
“Yeah, get me a bottle of Japanese sake,” Lestrade said, fishing out his wallet to give John three fifty dollar bills.
New episode (number 5!) airs on the 10th, and things between John and Sherl will finally get a lot more interesting! Also, there'll be a new person I'll introduce. Hint: the episode is called A Nightmare at the Opera. Can you guess why? :) bit of a word play right there~
Word count: 5679
“What?”
Oh yeah, and we also have Will Smith. And Hulk. And... yeah. More lore!
Stay tuned folks!
The Doctor straightened his back from where he was slouching against his side of the console. He was as tall as Sherlock. Lanky tall gits. “We have visitors?”
“Alex is fine,” he said warmly, watching Cage struggle to walk around a stack of books and a bear trap.
plan later to get it, but please -- let’s go home? I’m creeped out by this room.”
“Yeah, before he gets a crick in the neck,” John said, shutting the journal and handing it to Sherlock. “I wrote it all down for you to revisit and memorise in your Mind Palace.”
Word counts: 5682
“Yep.”
“Quite. Part of it used to be a quarry and locals joined the two areas when it filled up. It is mostly surrounded by the forest, so it has a nice view. There is even a passage that leads to a waterfall. Not the Reichenbach, but still impressive and -”
“Yes, I’ve said that already.”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t we be?”
John woke up gradually, as if resurfacing from a deep dive in the ocean. As the last bits of his now incomprehensible dream dissipated, he moved a hand to rub his face only to discover that a mop of curls rested on his shoulder. He ran his fingers through them carefully, smiling to himself.
“No idea,” John said, swirling the spoon in the gumbo. “It’s his property, he bought it all legally. And it brings him profit, why would he get rid of it?”
He noticed how Ron hugged her around the shoulders to console her. The last few days were extremely stressful for everyone, especially her, it seemed that she was in charge for the most part: preparations, plans, precautions… Definitely the most responsible one, Lupin knew who to contact. Also it wouldn't be the wisest decision to come out of the blue and send messages that could be intercepted to Harry Potter across the Great Britain, but still.
"I swear if it’s another rotten pumpkin stuffed in my unused sock-"
Thank y'all for readin' and I wish y'all a very nice dimension/earth wherever you are~
“Y’all,” she said, “it’s time for our last challenge! Whoo!”
Irene’s smile was warm and she hugged him back with such force he gasped for air, staggering backwards. “Thank you for having faith in me, I guess?”
John stepped forward to get a better look, but Sherlock stopped him. “Wait, let me.”
There was silence for a few seconds, and Mycroft thought they found him out. But then Sherlock spoke, “What do you know about the Chamber of Secrets, Dad?”
“Unidentified,” Sherlock said, putting his half-drank glass on the coffee table. He resettled himself comfortably atop John’s thighs and leaned into him like an overgrown cat. “We were researching the town’s lore in the nearby archive in hopes of finding a lead. The Natives have had some evidence of old rituals that described an ancient being beyond our comprehension, but most of the caves that held the authentic drawings or texts have been destroyed or caved in. All we have is second-person reports and dusty old books.”
The lawn and the makeshift dusty parking lot were deserted, save for the pigeons scavenging for garbage and litter scattered around like hay. Irene scoffed and changed her trail to pick up a crumpled can of Loca-Cola whose previous owner didn’t bother to walk the extra step to properly dispose of it. Nasty pigs, some people. But as she noticed a singular can, she soon noticed the litter everywhere, reaching as far as to the woods. Well, the Shack’s lot has been mostly spared, but that was probably due to Mrs Hudson and Greg or John cleaning up regularly. Sighing, she returned to Kate and vowed to take better care of her surroundings. And if that meant that she had to whack sloppy arseholes across the head, so be it.
At first, he came to his senses as if resurfacing the deep waters of his homeland. His eyes stayed closed, his brain trying to tune into his surroundings, but… All that welcomed him back to the world were shivers, cold, and stinging pain from the cuts on his backside.
“I’ve been gifted, what can I tell ya,” John smiled and shifted them so that Sherlock was half-splayed on his chest. “Sorry. I just enjoy ruffling your feathers.”
“Still think I’m a fake, dear?” Mary said sweetly, crouching. Irene wanted to punch her in the face, wipe that shit-eating grin right off of her, maybe break her perfect teeth too. She spent ages styling her hair this morning!
"John, help me!" he hissed as he struggled on the ground. If this happened, say, during Transfiguration or Defense Against the Dark Arts class and a teacher was present to easily diffuse the situation, the whole ordeal would be funny - unfortunately, that wasn't the case.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said blankly, slotting the package under his pillow.
Sherlock blinked twice, his legs carrying him without noticing. This has played out faster than his social filter could properly register the flow of words. Mama walked towards Sherlock and reached for his hands, squeezing them, then putting them on his cheeks. All this, he found he didn’t mind, as much as he loathed touches from strangers.
“Uhm…” Irene recalled their conversation from over half an hour ago. “I think he mentioned that you should meet him at this ‘TARDIS’.” She mimicked the Doctor’s air quotes. “He went to the City Hall.”
“Absolutely. I’ll keep an eye on her.”
And Irene may be accumulating an army, who knows?
“What do you mean?” Greg asked, his heart skipping a beat. Oh no. No no no. “You don’t mean --”
“Just in case, kiddo,” Greg had said, finally suppressing the last of his giggles. This man, honestly. “But yeah. Feel free to chat Millie’s kids up any time before coming here. Who knows what secrets of the universe will reveal themselves to you.”
̷F̶o̵r̵ ̵n̷o̵w̸.
“Where did you get it?”
“How did it end up near the knife and OG, then?”
“You can get a seat, I’ll go see where Gabe is in the back,” John announced, leaving them to choose a table. They went for the one nearest to the exit in a corner. Sam and Dean sat on the side facing the front porch and Cas and Sherlock opposite them. Cas was huddled near the wall, taking the menu card.
Sally continued speaking, motioning to two people seated on the back of the podium on comfortable chairs. The O’Learys. “We’re here today to celebrate the amazing and pompous Founder’s Day at Reichenbach Falls, as we do every year.”
updated: 15.6. 2021
“My condolences,” John huffed a pitiful laugh as she lay down on her side on the narrow bench and subsequently passed out. Sherlock stood up in the meantime and made a show of dusting his jeans, and then he shyly looked up at John, who outstretched his arms to welcome Sherlock in an embrace. If Sherlock didn’t throw himself at John, then he wasn’t sure what the force of nature was. John held Sherlock close, lifting him off the grass minutely, his nose buried in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. “Hello, you. I missed you.”
As she stepped back and turned, she clashed head-on with another person. The lemonade spilled over her left thigh and trickled down her skin in thin streams, wetting her socks and trainers.
“I don’t give one flying -
A scandalised look passed Sherlock’s features. “What? Why would I return it? Don’t even joke about that, John. It’s from you, of course I’ll keep it.”
“What do you think’s gonna happen? A sugar overdose? Nah, it’s fine. A slurpee never hurt anybody.”
word count: 4524
? I won’t have anyone stand between us any longer. I’ve waited
John felt his mouth spread into a smile, and he winked at Sherlock (did he blush?) to reassure him that it was no problem. Sherlock looked down, biting his lip. He was adorable -
Greg shivered at that word. If Florida was causing chaos then that’s very mild. There’s worse things causing much worse problems out in the void. And he’d rather not indulge Florida in this project.
“None that we know of. Cas, our new friend, fought with him recently. Remember the last storm? Yeah, they had a showdown in the Shack’s yard. Cas doesn’t know what is up with him, either. Actually…. No, you’ll see who Cas is when he and Dean arrive.”
, the glare told him, but Sherlock only shrugged, putting Rosie on his hip.
She had long red hair and was wearing a purple top with short sleeves, a blue-grey jumper tied around her waist. A baseball cap sat atop the table, brand new. She was eating a burger, a cup filled with Loca-Cola by her elbows. And then it clicked.
“I can’t read.”
“I knew you were tired,” Sherlock said, sitting up but staying on the floor next to John’s chair, “so I wasn’t surprised when we came back and Irene said you fell asleep. However, I underestimated how much exactly you were or still are tired. I didn’t want to wake you up. You were….”
Word count: 4876
“Did you give them names?” Greg asked, hands massaging Grace’s neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
she and Mrs Hudson had said.
“Oi! Why should you?”
Hello, as promised, this chapter is muuuuch longer than I thought it would be - hope you like it! And thank ou for the kudos :)
“Interesting,” Sherlock corrected, bringing the toaster with him behind the table. John drank the last of his chocolate infused milk and put the bowl aside, leaning on his elbows. “What is it for?”
They departed and Sherlock rushed to the attic, frantically turning pages after pages to no avail. No mentions of hauntings, possessed furniture, or similar shenanigans. Or, the author was no longer here to write about it and this mess is more recent.
“Again?” Greg frowned, leaning closer to see what Rogers took out from his carrier bag. “Shit, did the tax collector find me? God dammit --”
God, I hope so. I really want to get to our Drarry timeline, I plan a couple chapters of just the '94/'95 plot line after this eighties' shenanigans is over :) to make up for it :)
“Jesus. You blush when I compliment you and then you spit this out?”
"What if we get hurt?" said John, trying to keep up with Sherlock's long steps. He was almost running.
Sherlock’s mind raced furiously as John’s grip tightened, his thumb brushing his knuckles. He had to get them out -- trick the ghoul, if needed. Others began descending into panic mode. Kate started listing all the chores she should be doing at work at the Shack, Wilkes said he had to call his father and so on. Mike seemed to have passed out from the stress.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock waved him off, shooting him a glimpse of a smile. “Don’t make me repeat myself. Give me five minutes!” His curls bounced up and down his forehead, beads of sweat forming under his hairline.
Despite his vocalisation to Irene that he had no intentions to… what? Date John? Get together with him? There was that tiny, treacherous part of his brain saying that fantasised about scenarios where they did date. And it was… nice. As much as he hated to admit it, this stupid tiny voice kept theorising what it would -
“Hm, let me see. Ah, how about that girl from two days ago to whom you said he can call you his dream girl and then you punched him in the shoulder, ‘jokingly’? Or the girl who was wearing that ‘Little Mermaid’ t-shirt and you asked her if she likes sushi because you do, too?”
Sherlock glanced at the literally ragged doll of used-to-be Nicolas Cage. He couldn’t say he was sorry. He found it creepy just as John and Irene did. And this wasn’t even Nicolas Cage, the doll. It just had his poster face stuck in an eternal strange smile glued on its face.
“I chose Jake,” the racoon said shyly, clasping his tiny hands together. “Obvious reasons. You know, forest animals don’t really use names.”
Seeing Irene’s soft tug of lips forming a smile, Sherlock believed it. As he recounted the cases in the car to her (while John and Lestrade bickered about what kind of pizza they were ordering) he forgot about the scolding, and about the resurfacing memories of his school bullies and name-callings. Donovan might not accept his help, but that has never stopped Sherlock from interfering in the name of a good cause, especially when he knew he could bring a new perspective into it. But he will leave the matter as it is for now. Because today, he got John, his step-sister, and himself to be happy as he was.
“Of course,” Mary flashed Irene a smile that didn’t meet her eyes. “I thought about what you said about me and John.”
“Later-later.”
Oh, and the colour wheel can be seen on tumblr
Sherlock snorted, shaking his head. A curl fell on his forehead and dangled in front of his lashes, hanging dangerously close to his eye. He hated when hair poked him right in his line of sight. Lestrade parked the car on a curb next to a small open lot and stopped the engine.
episode 4, chapter 1
Few people started to get restless and shifted nervously on their seats next to Draco. The Durmstrang visitors murmured something in their language, and Draco internally rolled his eyes at them, but it was more out of jealousy that he couldn't understand them.
“Nicolas Cage?” Dean said incredulously. “Holy shit, you’re real?”
“I have a suspicion that the Mystery Shack attracts all kinds of chaos when Lestrade isn’t here, ironically,” he said, stepping aside when the goat decided that the living room was boring. It trotted towards John, whose brows furrowed as he considered the intruder.
“Oh… Nothing, nothing!” the woman stuttered, downing the rest of her coffee. “Silly me, mixed up the town drama with something else!” Mrs Hudson laughed good-naturedly, brushing the matter off. Irene got a funny feeling and she scratched her temple. There was sudden pressure on it, but nothing hurtful; not a headache. An underlying sense of
Jim Moriarty.
also yeah, slight mentions of johnaconda because why not!
The Prefect was a girl John didn't recognise, and she emitted a fearful presence. She checked the corridor carefully before walking off, but to their luck, she didn't find out Sherlock and John were there, but it was a close call.
“Yep,” Sherlock popped the consonant, gathering his and John’s empty plates to carry them to the sink as well, but he didn’t bother washing them. “She won’t bless us with her godly presence for at least the next two or three hours.”
Bad things happened. All the time. Insane people roamed the hallways, some know it, some don’t. And there were bigger things happening at the castle presently than Mycroft wanted to admit even to himself.
,” Sherlock gasped upon resurfacing. Ripples of water collided with John’s mouth, making him spit it out; it tasted too fishy. “And here I thought you had the decency to warn me.”
Thank you all for reading and wish you all a very nice day/night wherever you are~
“I merely recognise quality music across genres.”
The back doors burst open as he rushed inside towards the room full of exhibits to find the impostor tallying it to the nearest bathroom to glare at a tall mirror where… Sherlock stood? What? How?
Irene and Kate exchanged a shameful look and retold the event, but neither Will nor Jake judged them for it. “Hey, I’d do the same thing,” Will said. “Just to try it out, you know?”
to begin with. Always meddling with Greg, you Holmeses. Tsk”
“I know very well what I’m facing, and it’s a bunch of stupid, egoistic morons. Even religious missionaries would be less of a pain in the ass than you dickbags. Tell that
“Seriously? This is your first sunrise?”
Dean turned the lights on, Grace and Redbeard watching the mess around them from the safety of the kitchen. John and Sherlock were hanging in the air tied by their ankles to a strange contraption that spanned over the whole hallway, previously hidden in the dark. Cas grabbed Dean’s arm to stop him from advancing further. They were surrounded by ropes and thin wires.
, Sherlock couldn’t care less about his intentions. God, deep down he knew he was throwing away his very own shot when his rational mind refused the pull of his inner instincts. But would a relationship with John ever be possible? He could be straight all this time and Sherlock might have assumed wrongly, whatever Irene’s self-assured
“See? Greg’s on my side. Don’t think I haven’t seen you sing along to Shake It Off by Taylor Swift in our hotel room in Oklahoma.”
“Yeah, I saw you in the passenger seat of your lovely car over there.” He must’ve pointed at the car with Mary’s companion across the street. Her shoulders relaxed a trifle. “Not the best of spies, eh? Amateurs, I’ve met better scammers than your club buddies.”
Moments later Sherlock delighted them with his presence as well. He looked lost in thought, pondering the possible outcomes and culprits. Irene practically heard the cogs and wheels turning in that big brain of his.
“There’s a bridge or pier under the water, just a few centimeters,” Sherlock explained, ducking from another pile of bones Dean knocked to the ground and stabbed with the garden tool. “I’m guessing it leads to the waterfalls.”
“Why?”
“Lives here, lives here -- he doesn’t know that, does he, though?” Mork grumbled.
much data on their hunting lifestyle and hunting techniques! Maybe another ghost case would pop up, too….
enjoy~
“How long?”
“Mhm. What’s your favourite food?”
"How could I forget that creepy moment?"
He risked a glance from the corner of his eyes. Sherlock looked… surprised?
“You’ve been a blessing,” Greg said softly. He nodded at Sam. “Seriously, if it weren’t for her I would have been utterly lost.”
good at evaluating such things. I see how John looks at you. It’s like there’s nothing else on Earth he’d rather set his eyes upon. Which is, frankly, understandable because you’re a hot mess of a scientist for the most part. And besides, I don’t like Mary, and neither do you, no point in denying that.”
I’m going to check it now,
“Vampires were said to have lairs in the northeast part of the woods,” Sherlock said, shutting the journal closed. The road was bumpier and bumpier as they descended to the less frequented pathways. It was a miracle that the cart stayed on it and didn’t tumble into the grass trenches that bordered the road.
“Wait, one more thing,” Sherlock hurried to say. “Grace and Redbeard are probably thirsty. See how they stick their tongues out? For one, it serves them for cooling down since they don’t sweat like humans. I gave them my chips, but I’ve no clue when’s the last time they drank clear water. I don’t want them to be dehydrated.”
Irene weighed the option. “Earth sounds fine, maybe even water.”
can thus begin.
“Honestly, Mr Cage, I’d appreciate it if we could talk this out,” Dean tried, only to be shushed by the doll.
Will chuckled and patted Irene on the back. “What will you do about the fleshlight?”
“You said that a student was expelled in the forties and they blamed him for opening the Chamber and letting the monster out to hunt muggle-borns,” John said, sending a shiver down his spine. That made him paranoid for a few hours the first time he heard that.
“Cas,” Sherlock said, clearing his throat. The amnesiac angel looked at him from a table on which folded shirts waited to be picked up. “You can go to a changing room and look at the size of your clothes there. You can tell us through the curtain and we’ll bring you some clothes to try on.”
“Greg! Are you coming?” Irene’s voice interrupted his train of thought, and he snapped back to present. He suddenly found himself at the bottom of the stairs.
London quietened this time of year, which would be to Sherlock’s dismay in the previous years, but not so much anymore. Namely when he could sleep in, next to his husband and daughter, the little bean of happiness lying between them, limbs akimbo as she stretched them out, pushing her dads to the edges of the bed. Technically, she’s his step-daughter, but John always scoffed when he pointed out the useless detail, which (and he wouldn’t admit to this to anyone else than John) melted his insides, serving as a reminder that
Blake squinted at the ceiling, heaving a deep sigh. “Why? Why us?”
The upstairs area was silent. The kids and Castiel retreated hours ago, and by a matter of chance, Greg discovered what Castiel was. An angel. He woke up after the kids and Cas talked in the kitchen (very inconspicuous), but he was too out of it to make himself get up. And then Irene asked if virgin Mary was a virgin for real -- a valid question -- and happily reminded everyone nearby that Cas is, in fact, an angel. Greg’s eyes had snapped wide open at that, cold sweat breaking out on his forehead. John had promptly shushed her, albeit not as quietly as he’d probably hoped he did. Greg wasn’t about to rattle himself out nor was he about to create an awkward moment, so he continued slouching on the couch until Irene and Castiel were gone.
“My dearest great-great-great nephew thrice-or-so removed,” Greg sighed aggravatedly, “will you, oh please, for the love of the hungriest of fucks, pass me the butter?”
“After shower,” Sherlock replied, arms winding around John’s neck as he pressed himself up to his back. John leaned into him, humming.
Kate scooted next to her on the bed, Redbeard peering through the crook of her elbow at what his humans were up to. He licked at Kate’s ebony skin and wiggled a little into a more comfortable position to nap. Kate leant her head on Irene’s bony shoulder. “Let’s get started.”
“Then invent it, science bro,” Irene yawned from her bed, turning her phone off. “You’re supposed to be the smart one.”
“What?” Sarah peeped shakily next to Wilkes and Kate. Mike and John were horrified, frozen to the spot. As if they had any way of moving elsewhere.
He excused himself from the sitting room, not knowing where he would go exactly. Grimmauld Place was bigger on the inside, naturally. But there was just so much space to fit a number of extended relatives without running out of oxygen.
“Yeah. But let’s not be harsh, maybe it doesn’t ask for it. Maybe God or whoever just got tired of travelling and plans the fate of everyone in some shabby house pretending he is writing a book.”
“It’s a long story,” she said, her expression softening momentarily. She rubbed her temples. “He was okay one day and he changed completely the next. He was out camping with friends, but he got lost. Just a couple hours. We sent out a ranger with a dog and they found Henry. He looked like he ran a marathon; he was out of breath, constantly checking the forest over his shoulder. Problem was, he went absolutely apeshit when he saw the dog, refused to be in its proximity or even see it in his peripheral vision.
“Good! Jake, meet Kate. Kate, this is Jake. He snatched Greg’s permit weeks ago, and he’s the fluffiest boy to ever fluff.”
thanks for reading and enjoy!
"Sherlock Holmes!" Professor McGonagall called out, and the dark-curled boy whipped his head up. He left with a smug look on his face, John and Greg were floored. What the hell just happened?
“Too little data to answer that yet,” Sherlock clipped his tongue. He circled around OG as he inspected the eye stabbing. It wasn’t too deep, as though the person attacking wasn’t strong enough to pierce further. The cut in the abdomen was ragged, the attacker was struggling with that area as well. Interesting. “Technically, all of us except for Lestrade and Mrs Hudson  are suspects.”
“That makes two of us,” Sherlock smiled a little ruefully. Dean helped him up and they parted ways as Sherlock left the temporary safe spot.
John laughed and scratched his nose. Sherlock had a knack for angering people, but he enjoyed it all the more when it was his extended family. This next letter was from the first of August:
“It’s alright. You know I don’t mind. That’s what best friends do, right? We got each other’s back, no matter how much of a pain in the arse we are.” Sherlock looked up, something vulnerable in his eyes. John gave him one last earnest smile before shoving him towards the Ravenclaw Tower. “Now go before the Prefects catch us and McGonagall yells at us.”
Hi everyone! So, surprise suprise, I procrastinated again because I dreaded existence and school related responsibilities. BUT I MANAGED 4K WORDS TODAY FOR YOU! Hoever, not beta'd so feel free to point out typos or inaccuracies if you find any :) <3
“A traitor.”
“Doing my duty as the Head Boy, obviously,” Mycroft replied coldly, and even from top of the staircase Sherlock could see his eyes flare. “Which is to monitor the hallways after dark, brother dear.”
who would win? horny sherlock or one saucy john watson boy?
John joined him about ten minutes later, recalling what they talked about with Sam and Dean, informing him that they’ll be coming around in a few days at the most. Sherlock thought it perfect, he could get
(See the end of the chapter for
“No.”
One day after the party, Sherlock and John are the happiest they could be. Greg, however, needs a new TV. He gets arrested, though, and Sherlock has the opportunity to show off his deduction game to Sally Donovan while Greg cools off in county jail. In the meantime, Irene and John get sidetracked to uncover the O’Leary’s family dirty secrets, but find much more than they bargained for…
thanks for reading & enjoy!
He sat down beside Sherlock on the floor, back pressed to the sofa. Greg and his imposter - OG, a.k.a. the Other Greg - were seated in the armchair on their far left. Mrs Hudson sat on the sofa with Irene, both with their feet up on the coffee table. There was enough space for yet another person to sit with them, but Sherlock didn’t bother, and neither did John.
Greg picked up a walkie-talkie that was connected to a radio, fumbling with its buttons and tiny antennas. The sound of static increased and decreased. Once it clicked, he brought the device up to his mouth. He put his feet up on the steel table, dusty from the dirt ceiling that littered particles from above. His eyes grazed the almost-finished portal in the room in front of him illuminated by artificial lights. He had to hurry up with the construction if he wanted to have it ready at the end of summer, but today he worked plenty.
“No.”
“Me too. But yeah, I’m also glad he’s the way he is. He’s one tough little guy.”
"We have Charms with Hufflepuffs and then Transfiguration with Slytherins," said Carl next to John. "And then we have our Flying lesson!"
Millie clicked her tongue. “They’re both incredibly clever children. So is your John. Which is why you should talk to them.”
“I’m aware. There’s always
John stretched on the bed and rolled over to his stomach. He usually slept in shorts or briefs and without a t-shirt, and Sherlock could stare at his tanned back all he wanted. But first he had to get in the shower. He made a quick work of it, turned on the cold tap, and when that proved to be useless, a quick wank sufficed, after which he dried himself, put his clothes back on, brushed his teeth and crossed the hall straight to John’s room. Thankfully no one else was awake yet, except for Lestrade and Castiel, neither of which bothered them.
And although John was hurt more about the fact that she didn’t have the guts to break up ‘properly’ before she had found another prawn for herself, he was surprised how he felt weirdly wounded even at this moment. Well, he never favoured liars in the first place. So why would she want to date him again?
John grunted a response and deposited himself on the springy sofa next to the armchair. He put arms behind his head to relax. He growled when Greg’s fingers flicked him in the ear, twisting his neck just enough that he could stick his tongue out at him.
“Hussie is the motherfucker who made Homestuck,” she explained. John got to examining the file he got a hold of. It said TOP SECRET on the front page, in red capital letters and all. Fancy. “And well, he’s a chill guy I’d say. In the end, he’s got a knack for creating a compelling story and universe. But he also has a horse kink, so…”
“Thanks. Hey Sherlock,” John smiled at him, eyes crinkling around the edges. Sherlock reciprocated, nodding at Cas. “Here, take this. It’s chilly outside, better put something on.”
“Thoughts,” Cas said, a smile tugging at his lips when Dean rolled his eyes.
The ghoul named Frank stared back at Mary, glassy eyes empty and full of acceptance. He didn’t do so much as flinch. He folded his sorted cards into one full deck and pushed it towards the middle of the coffee table. He rested his back up against the peeling wallpaper and put his damaged hands in his lap.
“I could sing,” Kate offered, only to be immediately shut down by everyone present. She scoffed, but took it all in good grace.
Summer holidays are here, and the step-siblings, Irene Adler and Sherlock Holmes, find themselves in a boring town called Reichenbach Falls, Oregon, USA.
“Let’s call this mystery guy Jim,” Irene suggested. John wouldn’t know if it fit, given that the dude was overgrown by weed and ivy, but it’s not like he’ll care.
“Good, then. Sorry again. Now go and get ready. John, Greg will give you the cash tin.”
“Every time I think Henry got better, he proves me wrong,” Donovan said, stepping over the slimy red jacket.
Sherlock peeked from the archway, trailing the hallway, barefoot. He turned left and immediately collided with something - someone - solid. He bounced back, his knees giving out from the scare.
“So, what do you think so far?” John asked once
"Sherlock has friends now? Interesting," Mycroft said thoughtfully. "As busy as I might be, I still care for my brother's well being. I have an offer for you, John."
at them! Dogs, the most innocent of all, and starving like
the past constantly! Surely a few minutes is nothing for her.”
the chemistry between them. They’re so natural around each other it ticks me off to see them both play dumb-dumbs and hesitate.”
"I don't think it's a good idea, Sherlock," John whispered, crouching alongside the bookshelves as they made their way to the forbidden section.
“Thanks. But... Ugh, hold on,” John said, slowing down and parking on the side of the road lined by dark green pine trees. Mrs Hudson and Sherlock had taken a different route to drop off her own shopping at her house first. John turned the engine off, resting his hands on the bottom of the steering wheel. He turned his body to face Irene. “This will probably sound absolutely bonkers, but now that you mention the day we collided -- everything sort of stilled and felt as though it all clicked into place? Sort of like deja vu; my head spun, just… ugh.”
“Says you who simps over any female glancing your way,” Sarah commented, not bothering to lift her gaze from her phone screen. That earned her another round of applause and uproar, and Wilkes sulked on the side.
The Ravenclaw ignored him as usual and just handed him the torn piece of robe from John.
"Definitely a Hufflepuff, but it's impossible to say what Year," the Ravenclaw said, thinking. "We can still catch him, though."
“Whoa! Wait,” John grabbed her by the wrist, pulling her from the magenta beam. “You don’t know what it does if you do it repeatedly.”
“Good boy. Listen, there’s no food again…”
“What is he doing again?” Greg leaned in as John lifted a shoulder.
Word count: 6571
Sherlock picked her up by the wings, keeping her at arm's length. John offered Irene the shovel. “Want to do the honours?”
“So you won’t eat?”
Anyway, this is my romantic que to go and do my homework~ I have tests from chemistry and biology and russian (my 3rd lingo) seminars next week (+ slovak). I'm about to get my butt whooped! How are you all? I hope you all are good and healthy :)
“She probably did, but I deleted it.”
“Sorry to break it to you, but the game was rigged from the start.”
__________________
"Maybe a police drill nearby?"
special thanks to bee, dee, and nutella
“No one can intercept us or eavesdrop, or Apparate on Baker Street. You can take my word for it. Now,” he shifted in his seat and put his left leg over his right, “do tell us why you’ve come here for exactly. Don’t leave any details out, be as thorough as possible. We’re not in a hurry, are we, John?”
“Marina.”
“Great, just when we go on vacation, we have to deal with this bullshit,” said the other one, putting on his stylish shades. “Get the guns and salt, Sammy, I’ll rent a boat. We’re going on that island and get it done as soon as possible.”
“I didn’t know you took art courses,” Sherlock said somewhat accusatory. But then again, it wasn’t like John showed off with his skills, besides his barely-capable writing skills he used for his blog. Interesting.
“Thanks, Kate. The suggestion does seem nice,” his nephew smiled tentatively. “What do you think, Greg?”
“Huh? Don’t tell me you think eating is boring.” John looked Sherlock up head to toes, concern wrinkling his forehead.
“Where did that come from again?” Sam asked, kneeling beside Sherlock on his side opposite of Dean.
He stood up to time his ‘accidental’ meeting with Sherlock perfectly. The lesson he had was ending, and he’d heard the two lovebirds agreeing that they’ll meet near the ice cream vendor behind escalators afterwards. His cover was therefore ensured. And sure enough, as he was strolling by, he bumped his shoulder into Sherlock’s, who was checking his phone, ignorant of his surroundings.
“Git,” John laughed, shoving Greg in the arm good-naturedly. “Maybe we’ll spin it around that
To everyone’s surprise, Snape didn’t yell or degrade them any further. But he didn’t let them off the hook that easy, either. “I will have you know that talking at the same time as I do will not be met with calm the next time you attempt it. I may merely tolerate it now, but I will let it pass seeing as this is our first class you have me as a teacher. Do it again and I’ll have you prepare an antidote to an unknown poison and have you test it afterwards. Understood?”
Mary’s head hung low, contemplating the words. Irene pitied her, to a degree. But she was trying too hard to get John to be on friendly terms with her, and she was not subtle about it either.
“Good night, Mycroft,” he bade sadly. “Thank you for listening, and I wish you a very nice day or night, wherever you are. Take care.”
“Yes?”
“Really now!”
John thought about it, an idea lightning up above his blond mess of a hair. “When's Sherlock's birthday? He never told me.”
. “Ooh, is it getting hot out here or is it just that girl?”
After all, having Sherlock on a different scent entirely may put him out of danger’s way. This Chamber of Secrets business didn’t sound so dire anymore. Mycroft could dig around as well, inconspicuously ask Professor Flitwick about it, throw clues in his brother’s way… Anything to keep his nose out of Mycroft’s business. Things may calm down after he graduates - hopefully. Maybe going off to the Ministry will draw his rival’s attention elsewhere than on Hogwarts and his pressure point. That seemed like the right course of action. Surely at least until he finds a solution to deal with it without intervention.
The dogs were panting, but who wouldn’t be? Metal parts of the seatbelts burnt John more than once as he ensured that the dogs were secure on towels so as to prevent the seats getting dirty. Even the steering wheel was too hot to touch. Damnit. That’s what he gets for staring at Sherlock’s ass while getting out of the car.
“Is it?” Sherlock asked, looking at the nest that John’s dirt blonde hair had become.
next chapter, John and Irene will be digging up dirt on Janine~ see you in 5!
, but he couldn’t remember the details. Eh, he blamed the weather. Sherlock’s brows furrowed in concern. John lowered his gaze, rubbing his feet on the carpet. “Uhm… Thing is, my father could throw things around when we were younger when he got angry. Nothing serious, but I’ve lost a few things because of it. And I value my books too much to risk leaving it in Canada. Especially since I’m not home for a majority of the year. And so, I snuck them out here one summer. For safekeeping.”
“Alright, I’ll make sure to get you a nice sauna in hell,” he told her as they ascended the stairs. Once on the first floor, Sherlock flipped the lightswitch on. Irene’s stomach grumbled audibly.
“It doesn’t have to have a backstory, Irene,” Sherlock said, an amused smile tugging on his lips.
Greg rose to his feet and pointed an accusatory finger at John. “You’re on thin fucking ice, buddy, that couch bears the weight of our sins. Show some respect.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I heard that, Irene,” Lestrade said, descending the stairs from the upper level of the house. Unfortunately, his scrutinizing interest to admire Kate’s the décor caused him to skip a step and almost trip on the stairs. He managed to hold onto the railing, the wood creaking painfully under his death grip as he balanced himself. “Hey! Stop snickering! I could’ve ended up in the ER! Who would pay for the bills? Jesus save me from the American healthcare system.”
“Oh, you can’t imagine,” Sherlock said, half groaning. Everyone turned to him. That was probably for the best. If the rest succumbed to hysteria, it could make matters worse. He had to think of a plan. But first: data.
John smiled, walking backwards in the direction where they came from, Irene following him. Ugh, she hated walking uphill. At least her thighs would get some exercise. “I’d rather you are a hobbit and healthy than a moose with a streak of health problems.”
Cas spread his wings to their full length.
He cleared his throat and looked down on the floor. “Ah, yes, sorry. Lestrade has just gone out. I’ve no idea where. Probably dumpster diving to find a new exhibit for the Shack.”
“If you put it like that…”
“Right. What does Greg think?”
Gabe’s eyebrows shot up, and he leaned backwards. “Kind of. If I’m being honest, this is sketchy.
His reflection was already awaiting him, pacing in its frame, impatient.
“You’re already dead, quit bitching.”
“I’m too lazy to get up. Stay,” he mumbled into John’s belly.
“Yes, because you are someone aspiring, your red aura says so,” Fala added mindfully as her wings twitched up and down.
Sherlock was glad for the summer heat and his recent training with Anthea; it masked his blush. He liked when John complimented him, or his deductive skills. They were far from perfect, but it took small steps. Good thing he had John by his side to assist him.
the bit where the man marries a beaver is taken from Gravity Falls, where a man on a similar expo married a woodpecker. Don't ask :'D I couldn't resist Alex Hirch's tomfuckery and had to include it for the sake of nostalgia
Sherlock and Irene arrive at Reichenbach Falls to spend the holidays at their mom’s  family friend’s house -- the Mystery Shack. Ran by a notorious smoker and a professional conman, they settle in, and soon John Watson arrives, too. There’s a mystery journal, a goth girl, spark of a new connection, and summer. The beginning.
“Show you what?”
special thanks to bee, dee, and kindergartens for existing and taking my sis into it because JESUS CHRIST ON A POPSICLE the peace is immaculate
John glanced at Sherlock from the corner of his eye. The curly boy stared at the road ahead, enjoying the amicable silence. Freddie chatted up Billy who sat on his knees, unbuckled, turned back to talk to the ghoul. It was when Sherlock turned his head in John’s direction that he realised with panic he had been staring. He bit on the inside of his cheek and tried to pretend he was checking up on Irene. Yep, she was alive, hurray!
“Mermaids are primarily sea creatures.”
John suddenly remembered what he wanted to talk to Greg about originally when he came in. He sucked in a deep breath, rubbing his bare forearms vigorously to give himself some courage. “Right, so… There’s something I’d like to talk to you about.”
“You know that’s a bunch of nonsense, Rowena,” a gruffly voice of a woman somewhere to their right said. John and Sherlock both flinched, and Sherlock held onto John’s hand instinctively. “Boys, can you throw this piece of cloth elsewhere? I’d like to see your cute cheeks.”
“It’s unimportant,” Sherlock muttered, walking to a coffee table they were moving next. He panicked, but he saw this as an opportunity to make it an inside joke of their own. He winked at John. “Whatever Grant’s name is, it won’t matter. We’re here for the next mere six weeks. Then we return to England, and we’ll probably never see him again.”
“We did! Nice seeing you again, Sammy.”
The merfolk was entangled in a net made of thick strands of rope, but that didn’t stop it from trying to get out of it.
After dinner they retreated to the living room to watch
"If you put it like that it loses its charm, John, do lighten up a little," Sherlock patted him on the cheek.
“Wassup, Sammy?” Dean’s chin jerked upwards, regarding him playfully. “Up for a game of volleyball in the lake? I promised Cas we would teach him.”
? Someone has to keep you fed, London Boy.”
Mrs Hudson kept filling her equipment away in silence in a calculated manner. Irene’s blue gaze followed her precise movements, playing with her nails. They needed to be redone.
“Yeah, actually,” he said, and Sam slowed down the boat as they came to a halt at a tiny cold beach. The front of the boat bore into the wet sand, parting it and ruffling the sand particles in an inverted ‘V’ shape.
John drew his last crimson sweater from the wardrobe; his Gryffindor jumper, possibly his favourite. He looked at his suitcase filled to the brim with robes, his normal clothes, and second-year books and decided to leave his Gryffindor jumper out. He’ll wear it tomorrow, ready to represent his House at any given moment.
“A map!” John gasped, lifting the hat into the air, observing closely. Irene shuffled onto a chair next to him. “See this? That’s us here. The wiggly line pointing there… Hold on, wait here.”
“What’s wrong?” Mike asked.
“Okay, I’ll make some. Greg may want to try it as well. Want me to show you how it works?”
“Damn, girl,” he said, eyebrows raised. “Isn’t there a counterspell to banish him?”
A small slip of paper drifted inches away from the tip of his shoe. Sherlock pinned it to place before the faint summer breeze blew the paper farther away. He recognised it -- he pocketed a similar leaflet that day when Lestrade took him and John out on the Reichenbach Lake. Lestrade had given this to Sally instead of his fishing permit, but it turned out to be a coupon for a free boxing session at the local gym. It must have fallen out when he grabbed his phone.
"Sherlock! Get me out of here!"
“The O’Learys?”
regarding…. Jesus, okay -- genital herpes.
“Oh, we’ll see about that. Get your own bloody phone, Holmes.”
Mrs Hudson fixed her with a sly smile, the wrinkles around her twinkling eyes deepening. “Oh, don’t worry, he has only ever had eyes for our Sherlock.”
“Sorry,” Blake said, not knowing how to proceed. “I just… I really do believe you. That you’re innocent in this. And sorry that my comment yesterday about who may want you dead…. I’m not particularly good when talking to others.”
“When I fall asleep, feel free to borrow my headphones and keep watching. You’re probably gonna stay up, so take up Sherlock’s bed and unwind a little.”
“Nope, he’s adopted like all toys are,” John grinned, handing Archie to Sherlock and taking the bags containing Cas’ clothes in turn. “I mean, you can return him if you don’t like Archie, but that’s bad etiquette.”
“Christ, how can you drink this stuff?”
will satisfy her enough to let me be for the rest of summer.”
Irene watched Mike walk out into the sunny parade in the park. Poor guy. There had to be a way for them to end up together -- Mike and Molly. They were two halves of the same being, she saw it for what it was. Her senses proved to be right in the case of John and Sherlock and Mrs Hudson and Angelo. Third time’s a charm, and if she is correct in her assumption and succeeds in bringing them together, she’ll take it as a sign from the universe that matchmaking is the perfect career for her.
“I think it’s about time to greet y’all properly!” Mary exclaimed and people started clapping along the rhythm of the music. “Silly old me to put it off for so long!”
Moreover, another thing -- or person -- that made him withdraw and contemplate was Greg Lestrade. No matter what he did, Cas couldn’t shake off the intuitive feeling that
We are getting into some past action, so the next chapter may also be still in '94, then we get back to Sherlock and John as well.
(I'm sorry)
There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the burnt slip of parchment, and the rest of the school stared at their Headmaster. Dumbledore cleared his throat, his spectacles flashing towards the very opposite of the Slytherin table, and Draco resignedly knew what this must’ve been about. He threw daggers across the Great Hall as Dumbledore said --
Sherlock today? And previous days? And when we were having s’mores? Don’t be coy with me, Watson, you were sitting on Mrs Hudon’s truck like lovebirds!”
“Sherlock Holmes.” He motioned towards Irene. “Irene Adler. Step-siblings.”
Stay tuned for next episode to see what foe awaits!
“Maybe you have an x-ray vision for the divine,” she suggested, getting an eye roll from Sherlock and a confused look from Castiel. “What? None of us are wise in this.”
Blake approached his own seat, but chose to keep standing.
“Try to comb your hair to the side,” Dean said, mimicking the motion. Cas unsuccessfully repeated the gesture, but it ended up being messier than five seconds ago. “No, the other side. Use your fingers more… Ah, fuck it, c’mere.”
He watched her disappear, shaking her head as she turned the corner. Redbeard came in to ask for cuddles and belly rubs, and then John called him to help prepare dinner with him. Cas left the kitchen soon after, his DIY denim shorts and shirt wet and stuck to his thighs.
“Oh?”
Sherlock didn't have to answer to spring into action. With one motion of his wand a silvery Irish setter jumped out and chased away the first line of Dementors descending upon them. Greyback and the two masked men approached, but didn't attack yet.
“What do you think of this one?”
“Christ, she’ll regret that,” John whispered, trying to keep a supportive fake smile on his face long enough for her not to sack him. Sherlock nodded, wincing as his step-sister downed the whole cup and refilled it with nectarine-flavoured chewable ice dump.
“It was alright,” Sherlock said, shrugging. He hated small talk, but was this? He wasn’t in the mood for answering questions, but he promised Mummy not to be snappy. Which he wasn’t, he knew how to control his frustration with the general population. And Lestrade was polite. A scammer of a Canadian, that much was true, but he was tolerable as a person to live with. And he was their host, so societal expectations dictated to be nice. “It was different, obviously, but I had no problems adjusting as much. I am not the most sociable and amiable person, so I’m mostly alone studying or doing experiments.”
“You do,” Jake agreed, then winced as he realised how it must’ve sounded. “Sorry. Animal sense of smell, you know.”
Sherlock waved a hand at the name as if it annoyed him. “Yes, I’m sure he won’t mind having another slave around.”
“True. Hollywood is bonkers.”
“Martha Campbell, but we call her Em for short,” Dean said through a mouthful. Sam elbowed him and continued.
Oh, it did. The silent yearning that Sherlock had throughout March, April, May, June, and finally, July, was indescribable. He wrote it off as simple brain shenanigans, but seeing John… he really found his half, didn’t he? Okay, this is definitely over the top, so he’ll keep it to himself. But… yeah. John and him had a familiar pace of
Sherlock grinned at her and massaged Redbeard’s cute floppy ears. Irene did the same for Grace, swirling her fingers in soothing circles. “Precisely. Well, if you want to. But I’d like you to help me. The more, the merrier, or whatever the colloquial phrase is, right? If we stand our ground, Lestrade will relent.”
“That’s cheerful.
“Man, you gotta try it!” Will said, excited by the prospect of a sweet treat. “There are so many flavours! Cookies, kinder bueno, strawberry….”
"Do you think he’ll let Greyback come after you?"
“For sex?”
“If it makes you happy,” Cas replied, sighing. He rubbed the back of his neck.
Also, do you want to see a chapter in the future where our Mystery Shack gang plays Good Omens Ouija Board: Twister Edition?
“John?” Sherlock called out, and Meep too, by the way of a bird. The two located him quickly, the dodo rushing to check on the confounded John. “Oh. Who is that?”
“Too much information, but those are my words exactly, Jake. The blond’s called John, by the way. So really, you don’t have to be scared of Sherlock or him. True, Sherlock’s focus can be uncomfortable, but he’s alright. And John is tame like a golden retriever. I’ll be there when you introduce yourself.”
“John, please. I’m a woman. Even if Sherlock is kicking off his detective career, I still know more than he does in lots of areas, as he’d put it, because women sure as hell aren’t in his field of focus because he’s gayer than frogs snorting tap water. He’s right in this case, though. I mean - just smell the stupid paper! It’s awful. She’s overdoing it. But we will never know for sure until we see her.”
"- she started thinking of ways to get inside the Ministry. We’d like your input too, of course."
lies. How could anyone sensible read this, less so even believe it? Yes, it was pretty much there, but as far as he knew, he and Harry were on agreeable terms. Did this jeopardize it? If he could, he wanted to help Harry get out of this unharmed. By the look of things, he was among few people who sympathized with him and his struggle.
"So what d'you think is down this way?"
when they got interrupted. Twice.
It’s been four days since their adventure in the forest when he and John took Lestrade’s golf cart and chased Irene’s captors. Sherlock’s first guess was a vampire, but his step-sister’s date turned out to be three pixies in a goth costume and a trenchcoat. Suffice to say, Irene and ‘Normandy’ broke up and since then Sherlock’s step-sister came to the conclusion that dating wasn’t for her at the present moment, so she is opting to matchmake those around her until true love made itself known to her. Which, in his opinion, was a horrible career decision, but whatever floated her boat, Sherlock wouldn’t criticise too much. The absolute worst was, however, that he anticipated Irene to revisit the topic of him and John.
Sherlock nodded, absorbing the new information and filing it away. His eyes intensely followed Janine for a few seconds, groaning when her song started playing. “Seriously? Miley Cyrus?”
“Yeeeees!” the woman sang, dancing in her frame. She wore a yellow summer dress, her long brown hair braided into two strong strands that hung over her shoulders. Her frame had a golden tint to it, as opposed to Rowena’s, which had a sapphire hint of colour to it. Helga put her hands on her hips and smiled down at the boys. “This feels better. You wouldn’t believe how long I’ve been buried under that cloth. Now I can see you!”
Thank you all for reading and I wish you all a very nice day/night wherever you are~
“Me,” Moran said nonchalantly. “The speculation is that the author left it out to write in a page on an observation but forgot about it. Shit happens.”
If only she knew.
But the room they were in served its purpose, and none of them acted up. Until now, it seemed. Fuck. At least he’ll catch them in the act this time around. He was supposed to when the doll display was up a few years ago, but that didn’t go as planned.
not, Cas. Trust me, okay? You didn’t ask for memory loss and you certainly didn’t ask to be a mediator in some divine game between dimensions. You’re not to blame.”
“I was very much
“What’s wrong?” John asked.
“Jesus, how is she so wild?” John asked worriedly, peeking out to see Irene tramp downstairs and into the adjacent rooms like a tornado. She pushed Sam into a wall, threw a dirty sock at Dean, ruffled Cas’ hair, stuck her tongue out at John, hugged Sherlock around the waist, and then ran up again. All of this happened in such a quick succession their collective brain cells struggled to comprehend it.
Kate waited for volunteers to raise their hands or come to the podium on which she and Mrs Hudson operated. Grave silence filled the room. A young woman, no older than Irene, pushed through the crowd and started speaking to Kate.
“Something tells me that’s bullshit. Sherlock, I’m serious every time I say you’re a genius or that you’re brilliant. Most people that have met you think so. You should’ve seen the texts from Mike and Eddie and Billy -- who basically worships the ground your British ass walks on. Fuck Wilkes and Anderson and whoever tries to undermine you. Do you know why that is? It’s because they can’t face the truth. Yeah, you deduced me as well when you got angry, but as uncomfortable as it is, the sheer fact that I don’t have to speak about it makes it easier to live with it. You’re not a freak, nor are you odd. I mean it.”
“I’ll be damned if I ever turned into a bird.”
? Haven’t I suffered enough?” Lestrade whined, groaning as Donovan tugged him towards the police station. Sherlock followed in tow, hands in pockets. He zipped up his hoodie; the wind blew stronger on the open street.
Seb yawned, patting his jeans for his phone that started vibrating. “Then we wait some more. Stop asking me stupid questions. Hello? Ah, Mr Magnussen.”
“Yes, excellent, Donna!” the Doctor shouted, rubbing his hands together. “Curious, isn’t it? I’ve never seen anything like this before.”
“Bring the girl. There should be a Moose man as well.”
He slid the doors aside and stepped in from that God-awful grey carpet of the gym onto polished wooden boards. The room was spacious enough to host a small group of participants; mats for warm-ups were rolled up in the left corner and canes of differing lengths were propped against the opposite wall. A faint smell of incense lingered in the air; recently ventilated.
When he looked around the Great Hall, he could see Greg stuffing himself with a chicken drumstick as he talked with his Quidditch teammate. They were a cool bunch, the teams. John wished he could join, but he didn’t have the money to buy a lasting broom, and his parents probably wouldn’t allow it. It was a miracle that no one busted them flying about this summer in the forest when Greg - against John’s wishes - brought his broom with him. The stars had aligned themselves nicely this year. It also helped that John’s dad was on a work trip on the other side of England that week. But maybe, just maybe, he could persuade his mom and dad to buy him a broom? He’ll have to ask Greg about the logistics and what would be a decent pick, but he can definitely give it a shot. He’s seen a few games of Quidditch in the past two years, and the game seemed to be more fun when one participated, although it was quite enjoyable from the seat too. Especially if you saw a Bludger chasing one of the players or if they were hit.
“Debatable,” Sherlock said, pecking John on the cheek. John smiled, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. “Tell Irene that t-shirt looks great. And that Davekat is canon. That should help.”
“The Church, Catholic, Evangelical, or Anglican, can suck it up and kiss my --”
“Earth to Sherlock?” Irene said, waving a hand in front of his eyes. Sherlock blinked, pupils refocusing to his step-sister, her hair free of tangles and wavy. “You got lost in that brain of yours again. I was asking how dinner went.”
And then…
“Irene’s still asleep?” Sherlock’s head snapped up to see Lestrade standing next to him, realising the question was aimed at him. He was wearing his usual suit trousers and white shirt, but without the jacket. Everything was ironed out. A courtesy of Mrs Hudson, surely.
“If you want to be metaphorical about it, yes,” Sherlock frowned at the ceiling, letting out a slightly ragged breath. “I’m not done yet. After shouting a little at the cashier, she directed me in a direction and I rushed to see whether Rosie and her kidnapper were still close enough for me to catch them, but that proved to be fruitless. There was
"It's me, stop the fuss," Sherlock whispered into his ear when John struggled against him.
She was speaking to the Doctor by then, pleading him by her desperate look, hands clasped together. The Doctor rocked back on his feet and stuffed his hands in his trouser pockets. Donna elbowed him to reply. He sighed. “It turns out we can. I’ll explain in TARDIS. Follow me, please.”
“I think it’ll be on the second floor,” Sam said, pointing at a panel showcasing the layout of the mall. He took out his phone to check a received message. “That’s John. Says to get hair bands as well.”
“How about you go change and try them on? We can have a little catwalk in here, and you can show off the dresses better that way. I’ll see how they look and give you feedback accordingly.”
“Don’t fancy yourself, more like a labrador. Ha, there’s a pun! A LABrador, get it?”
Greg grinned, a rueful crook of his lips. “I can imagine. I didn’t say we’re leaving them here. Just wanted to know if they have a home or someone who misses them.”
Her screams carried throughout the entire forest for everyone with ears to hear.
“Absolutely,” Irene said, patting her hand softly. “Just you wait, he won’t be able to look away once he sets his eyes on you. Mark my words!”
“Do I even want to know?” Lestrade asked, yawning into his fist. He didn’t get much sleep, probably going out to poker nights or staying up late watching telly. Or maybe devising a devilish plan to overtake the world or scam more tourists, who knew?
John straightened to his full height and let himself breathe. Then Sherlock’s slightly panicked voice reached him. “John?”
“Yes, Tim said he may have something of importance for us,” Sherlock said, nodding. He turned his head left to right, observing the park. The sun was rising steadily, it must have been close to twelve. So much for their morning errands.
“I love you,” they said in unison, kissing at once. The kiss was sweet and soft and slow, even deliberate. As though it was something delicate, precious (and it was) and it couldn’t be spoiled by anything hasty.
“Once I’m done with you teenagers,” Cage breathed, swinging the sword laboriously, “Greg will return to us again. He always does. He’ll be my friend again.”
When it came to unusual behaviour on Normandy’s part, he noticed how wobbly her legs appeared - though that could be the platform boots. Additionally, her arms spasmed every few minutes, or was that just a nervous tick or the bump the bus drove over? Irene was, of course, oblivious to all of it. Her date didn’t try to get near her neck again, though. Maybe Sherlock’s paranoia was really undeserved.
Unable to get out without risking getting cut into pieces by a maniac, John let Cage get closer. He tuned out Irene’s distressed calls of his name, fingers itching for his bat. He assessed Cage’s stance: body rigid, the wood not fully animated yet, but the rage within made up for that. If he’s fast, Cage won’t be able to hit him with the axe, he’ll knock him over and hopefully take the sharp tool from him.
“Dreams vary,” he shrugged, walking towards the exit leading inside the inhabitable part of the Shack. His worn-out mood got the better of him. “Now go catch up on the lunch at Angelo’s. Imma go nap on the couch.”
“Oh, about seven hundred dollars,” the woman said casually, putting on her heart-shaped shades as if she only told Irene that she was baking brownies.
“I feel like death,” Sherlock mumbled, feeling completely drained.
“Right, I’m glad to hear that.” Lestrade peered over his shoulder at his nephew and Sherlock. “We should get on the water if we want to catch anything.”
Sherlock hopped inside and waited for Lestrade to do the same -- not an impossible task by any means, but as the car door opened, a tomato hit the windshield. A pair of school boys giggled and threw another piece of the fruit at them, this time aimed at the Mystery Man himself.
in which there is Freddie Mercury and it starts happening
“That John is bloody studying in Toronto as well?”
thank you all for reading and I hope you enjoy <3
to, but John insisted on eating food every once in a while. Or snacking. Or doing some mundane activities, or experiments…. Alright, fine, experiments had a pass. At least he didn’t have to refrain from kissing John now. Maybe except when other people were around, that was plain intrusive.
in which people come and go
He slouched down on the couch in the living room, fingertips under his chin as he tried to relax a bit. He needed to file away all the new information Harry Potter had told them upon their visit to Baker Street the previous day. He didn’t have time yesterday because the encounter with Greyback was rather disturbing, especially to John, and today they went over the possibilities of where the horcruxes may have been. His informator unfortunately didn’t make it on time as he hoped, but that didn’t matter. Some things couldn’t be rushed, and they were only people, too.
John accepted the yummy treat and waved him a goodbye. "I'll see you at Potions!"
“No, Professor,” Harry answered, shrinking a tiny bit into himself, painfully aware everyone was watching him.
“Hm,” Cas said, letting his eyes graze the shelves. The pillow pets section piqued his interest. “This cat looks funny. It’s flat and colourful, as if it got run over by a car. Why would that be sold?”
"I'll figure it out," said Sherlock and he disappeared upstairs to the Ravenclaw Tower.
“Okay, but don’t come to me after the gamekeeper sets out to
“I’m nineteen, actually.”
“Shut up, some of the items are funny.”
Sherlock’s bed was empty. He wasn’t playing pranks on her. Then the knocking repeated and her legs swung over the bed as she lit up her bedside lamp. “Jake?” she whispered, and adrenaline kicked in.
“Didn’t want to go to the dentist to have it removed, so he punched me in the face and then we wagered. He said he has a legal right to it, I said bullshit, and then we got drunk, like you do at twenty years old, and lost a bowling match to Bobby Singer,” Greg explained, but it did nothing as such for Sherlock. John knew that story.
Dumbledore would jump around him to make it right immediately.”
“Was it the day he was supposed to take the guys on the lake?”
“It’s around… 3000 miles from Florida to here,” John said, approximating the distance. “The US is huge.”
“John, right? I remember him when he was this tall,” Florida said, indicating the height with his hand placed flat in the air below his knee. He got seated at the round table near the balcony overseeing the nearest beach. “Not gonna lie, I didn’t think you’d leave that Shack of yours so willingly. What happened? Hit your head?”
John made a poker face, then rolled his eyes and exhaled in fake exasperation. “Fine. But give me pros and cons first, alright?”
“Agreed. Mrs Hudson, did you bring the dresses we talked about?”
“I can assure you that they are not covered in slime, otherwise he would’ve slipped from my grasp long ago,” Sherlock said, outstretching his hand, the lizard looking at Greg with cold, black eyes. Greg backed away, stuttering.
thanks for reading & special thanks to bee and dee, and my shirts that make me stylish
“Got anything?” John’s steady, if a bit worn-out voice cut through the tension in the museum. The rest of the room was dark, Greg’s ‘creatures’ throwing long and distorted shadows on the walls. Only the doll display was bright and shining. Like the highlight of hell.
Feel free to comment and chat <3
“How much for it?”
Comments are appreciated and 100% encouraged :D
“You’re a menace, Holmes,” John said, failing to sound apprehensively. He shook his head, marching into the bathroom to hold Irene’s hair up. “And get that ibuprofen you have left!”
“That’s all sweet!”
“I don’t know, I haven’t gotten a letter back yet. She’s working a lot, that’s understandable.”
Sherlock scowled at her, moving a box of cleaning detergents towards the staff room with his foot. “And what do you think I’d do? Fall in love with the next guy I lay my eyes upon?”
,” John groaned, face-palming himself.
“And how about you, Mary? Seb and you still together?” John blurted out, not quite tasting the bitterness in his tone. Mary didn’t even flinch, but she shot him a calculating look.
