“Take him. You will be in danger if you remain. Go. I shall not be long!” He argued before dashing back into the manor.
"Yes, please." He whimpered in reply, kissing him fervently. Mycroft pushed into him slowly, waiting until John whimpered to begin moving.
"Oh!" Hamish gasped in awe. "You're the Captain!" He made a little salute and the three men giggled. Sherlock jumped up, Hamish tightly held in his arms before he set him down and bent low so his eyes were right in front of Hamish's. Hamish had the little toy sword around his waist and the eye patch on his head.
"Es tut mir leid, aber ich dachte du wärst jemand anderes." The man said softly and let out a huff of air as he stepped back away from John. "Es ist schon eine lange Zeit, Johnny." The man sighed softly again and sank down in a chair.
"He has continued to portray himself as a second victim. He denies any involvement in John's rough treatment whatsoever and I am sad to report that many in my coven still believe him to be honorable. With Elizabeth on his side it was inevitable that he would be cleared. In truth they are lauding him for conceiving a child with her."
“Oh you two." She grinned as John scratched his neck. "Always shouting at each other and you can't possibly be without one another. You two will be the death of me. So I guess you'll be able to turn the other bedroom into an office now like you wanted." Mrs. Hudson was about to continue on but he cut her off.
“Do not hide from me.” He whispered, pushing their foreheads together. “Though I may be careless enough that I do not fear for myself, I do fear for you. For some time your mind has been far from here, you carry weight in your heart that you do not share with me. Your nightmares have returned and you constantly keep yourself at a distance from me. You have been constantly distracted and increasingly easier to startle. Why do you hide your truth from me, when you know I can feel it?”
"John, you're injured - not weak." Their eyes met and John shivered slightly. Sherlock realized he was trying to fight his emotion. "All of this, everything that's happened... It's been too much for you. Then just as you start to get your feet back under yourself, someone attacks you. The fact that you're still here putting up with me, shows that you're a stronger man then you give yourself credit for."
"Ah, is that why you had George fetch your cases?" Mycroft's tone was serious and knowing. Confusion riddled John's features as he tried to understand what that meant.
"Touch. What. John?" He grabbed a fistful of those sandy locks, tilting his head back so he could nip and suckle on his neck.
"I said touch me, Sherlock." Sherlock growled as John issued the soft but firm command. He was almost panting as he helped John back into the bed so he was lying in the middle of it, propped up against the pillows. Sherlock desperately wanted to touch him and the thought of John trying to command him only made it stronger.
"John how do you know Georgina Pendergrass?" Sherlock asked furrowing his brow in the way he did when a clue was in front of him but missing.
"A chat about what?" Mycroft's voice was clearly patronizing.
"I told you, pet - punishing you for keeping secrets and lying. You never told me about your cousins," A smack, "That you know German," Another, "That you were teaching Hamish," the list went on for a few minutes and John's legs were red with welts and his cock ached. He was reduced to whimpers and groans, struggling so hard he was starting to feel the metal cut his wrists.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, you will not." Mycroft's voice was stern but he said it simply, crossing his arms. "You do not deserve him and as you continue to lack the concern necessary to protect him, refuse outright to prepare him for this life, and are woefully inattentive to his wellbeing I am considering revoking your bond with him. Do not dare to come in here shouting at him! You are the one who has been brooding for almost a fortnight! You are the one who did not protect his heart! You are the one who caused him to neglect his own wellbeing in favor of yours! This was the first time in three days he has been convinced to take rest of his own will and all because he was too upset at not knowing what your dark moods entail!" Mycroft wasn't shouting but his tone was perfectly clear. Rage filled him and bled off, filling the darkening room.
"Mycroft..." John blushed and whimpered, causing him to stop.
"I'm going to make some tea, want some?" Sherlock asked as he stood.
“Very well, you may go now.” Sherlock said sternly before fully turning his attention to his beloved and watching how John was responding to the situation at hand.
"Then that will have to do for now."
"I won't be able to stop." Sherlock whispered.
"You've suffered so much for me, dealt with so many shifts and changes in your life it must feel like you're never on solid ground, and yet you wake up each morning thinking of one thing..." He whispered, his mouth pressing in towards John. "Me." He barely breathed as their lips met, the water raining down over the both of them.
"It's more than I ever deserve." He whispered, sinking back down. "I will make this right John, I swear." His hand on John's and it would be very clear nothing would move him from John's side.
"Are you really that stupid? Why do you hate who I am?!" John was angry and hurt, his tone betraying him. He clutched Hamish as tightly as he could.
“It is more than that, my beloved.” Mycroft said quietly. “They haunt me, both of them. I feel as if John is so close I could touch him. I have not felt something like this for so long…” He trailed off, staring at the wall.
“What of my fear of losing you?” Sherlock’s voice was soft, gentler than it had been in some time. “You always consent to ignore the danger to yourself for my betterment. You are my light in this world, my guide. What is it that allows you to so carelessly toss yourself aside?” He held John’s chin so he could not look away. “Without you, I am naught.”
"Then stop holding back!" John grunted as a command but Sherlock grinned.
“The bleeding came before dawn. She was resting peacefully for the first night in several days and I was woken from my slumber here in her chambers by the sounds of screams. The baby was coming and there was nothing we could do to help her through it. Then the bleeding came and would not stop. We have tried every means we know to stop it however it refuses to be controlled.” Her voice was soft as she watched Elizabeth open her eyes.
"I needed a flatmate." He growled back.
“No.” Sherlock said with a smirk. John could tell Sherlock was trying to act ‘normal.’ “Is this true John?”
"I would love to." John responded softly, looking down.
just walk in here? Do you have any idea the amount of damage you've caused?" His voice was a low, almost lethal tone.
"I've made arrangements with Lestrade that he may contact you here with cases as needed, but I would recommend that you do not leave except to go to the Yard and that if you do leave you keep John at your side. Stay away from Baker Street."
"Detective, take the boy outside. Take him to the car and I will join you shortly." Mycroft commanded darkly. Greg went to protest and Mycroft sneered. “Do not argue with me and do as I say!” He snapped coldly.
"A woman?" She asked incredulously.
"Do not tell me how to live my life, Mycroft." The coolness was unmistakable.
“I…” John grunted, opening his eyes. He felt a little stronger but still was sure he had died. The sheets under him were so soft and he felt warm and safe in a way he’d terribly missed for years. He turned, feeling a hand on his cheek and his eyes went wide. “Mycroft…” He mumbled, his hand shaking as he raised it to touch the others face. “You…”
"We... Are... Piw... Pirates!" Hamish exclaimed proudly, clearly having been scolded by Sherlock for still not pronouncing the letter R properly. John could also tell the little boy had been practicing the word over and over in his head for at least twenty minutes.
"Grandma?" Hamish asked softly, reaching up to touch her cheek.
"D-Daddy?" Hamish sniffled softly and John forced his mind into submission.
..." He said smirking slightly. He shifted slightly so he pulled out of John but leaned down so they were still tightly embraced, with Sherlock on top. He caressed John's cheek and licked the slow trickling blood on his neck.
"We're not going to be able to make it back to the cottage before this storm hits. We'd better head towards the Gardener's Cottage." John said loudly but sighed as Sherlock stalked off in the other direction and didn’t seem to hear him at all. John grabbed his arm. "Sherlock!"
"How did Sherlock bloody Holmes sneak into our room with a one year old and put icing in his shoes and replace his hair gel with an icing container without us waking up?" Greg asked between giggles.
"We can always spend the night in the Gardner's Cottage if we need to." Sherlock shrugged. John gave him a piercing look, that was not the sort of comment he expected from Sherlock.
"The herb..." John grunted, clawing Mycroft's back as he shouted. "Please!" He whimpered and thrashed.
“It is because of you that I was able to come home.” He finally forced out, their eyes still locked. John’s face contorted in confusion and Sherlock smiled softly.
think?" Sherlock shivered a bit internally. The one question that only John could ask in such a way that it always made Sherlock giddy. It was a logical statement to ask in the moment but every time John Watson wanted to know what went on in his mind, it made him feel a desire more powerful than anything he'd ever felt.
"I... How can I be sure you haven't poisoned it?" John tried to use humor, but his voice didn't follow suit and it fell flat. A small smile tugged at Sherlock's lips but faded quickly.
"Alright boys, ready to go?" He smirked. "Nice shirt John." He grinned, teasing him.
“He is more protective of us, than any of us deserve.” Sherlock muttered softly before moving to hang his coat.
“Was murdered last year,” John said softly, clenching his fist. His jaw tightened but neither Sherlock nor Greg had the intention of pressing him from information.
“The killers methods seem familiar to me, as if I have seen them somewhere before, obviously.” Sherlock snapped, and John simply pursed his lips and furrowed his brow. He leaned over and took the file from the other.
"Then why hide it? Do you not trust me?" John's voice maintained it's even tone but clearly gave away his hurt feelings.
"You're nothing like him and you never will be." He leaned his head down, nuzzling his nose into that sandy brown hair and inhaling that scent, that pureness that was only ever John. "We are not our fathers John, we are ourselves."
“So what has changed?” Sherlock sighed impatiently. "Why do you suddenly want to know what's going on? I thought you all were going to let us handle it."
"You know not what you say, John Watson." But his hand was already scaling the length of John's neck. "You do not understand..." His motions froze when John spoke.
"So, is everything alright at the flat?" John forced out, looking at Mrs. Hudson and almost begging for her to change the conversation. She patted his arm.
"Sherlock are you feeling any pain?" She asked quietly.
"You look like hell." Greg smirked as he sat down across from John.
"So Captain John," John's voice cracked but he took a slow deep breath and recovered, "Wrote back to Prince Erik," Sherlock's brow furrowed and he looked at John with an intense stare. He'd never received a reply and that was why he...  John was suddenly talking again. "Prince Erik, I understand your feelings and shall guard these as if they were my own flesh. As I swore to do with anything you entrusted me with. I do hope you still have
"John..." Sherlock scolded, John sighed.
"Sherlock, if you heard all of it…" He was gearing up for an explanation but Sherlock's mind was already focused.
“I know you are my love,” James chided gently, taking Sherlock’s hand and walking him over to a sofa by the door. He pulled Sherlock down, kissing him gently. “However my love, I am afraid I must leave for business – thus I do not feel I deserve your touch.”
unit. She says he's pretty bad, got a stab wound and a lot of superficial stuff. She with John at the hospital, I'll take you." Sherlock was focused but silent for a moment.
“You are plotting to escape and I wish to know the details immediately. I have a strong coven; we can return there and find safety.” He frowned as he watched pain spike through John’s eyes and then felt his own pain when John refused to meet his gaze.
"Oh you are clever." Sherlock purred.
"Sherlock are you alright?" Lestrade shouted as he ran towards him, putting his gun away. Sherlock nodded slightly not speaking but moving as swiftly as he could over and clumsily freeing John.
"He has no hold over your husband, Sherlock." Mycroft said reassuringly but Sherlock continued to brood as he paced. Mycroft motioned for John to continue.
"Do you honestly think this was easy for me?" His voice was firm but soft. He was trying to be gentle. But there was darkness there. "That I just walked away and everything was perfect for me? I don't
“It is nothing.” He whispered, struggling to try to get free. He froze when Sherlock’s lips were suddenly on his, their bodies pressed so tightly together as Sherlock took what he felt was his. John was gasping, trying to struggle away as his grief overwhelmed him and tears began to flow. Sherlock however refused to let up, kissing John until there was no breath left in his body.
"I'm so glad you're alright." Georgina said softly, hugging them all in turn. "You've done it, you've finally solved this mess and put it to rest." She gently touched John's cheek. "My poor Johnny. The things that man's hate has done to you. James would be so proud of you my lovely nephew. I'll come by to check on you. Please call me if you need anything." John blushed and smiled as she kissed his cheek. She did likewise for Sherlock before sweeping out to the main house. John and Sherlock both moved to sit, Sherlock stretching out on one couch and John settling down on the other.
"Your son is fine, stop screaming!" Marcus yelled at John, punching him in the face yet again. John had a hook buried in his skin on each arm, both legs, and one on his chest. There was one at his throat over the artery and dangerously close to puncturing his skin. Marcus moved to hit him again but stopped as footsteps echoed and he turned.
“You tried.” Hamish whispered reassuringly, his little hand balling up John’s hospital gown under his fingers.
"You did not want me to." Mycroft said simply, a smirk on his face. "I will never force you to do something you wish not to. Others I would, not you. Never you, my little vampire."
"I appreciate the commendation, however I disagree."
"J-John?" Sherlock said softly, his eyes suddenly fading from black to their normal appearance. His voice trembling. John tried to respond but the effort took too much and he sank back against the pillows panting.
"I want him." Sherlock spat as a reply.
"For two days I have tasted, touched, and explored you anew. I am ready now Sherlock. I am ready for more. I want it. I
"Your grounds are much larger than any indication I have been given." John praised as Sherlock led him through a long ivied tunnel.
"Anything?" Lestrade asked softly.
possess you to do this?!" He demanded in an angry rage. Greg had raised his hand to his mouth, still trying desperately not to laugh and continued avoiding meeting John's gaze at all costs. John compromised by looking somewhere between amused and exasperated as Hamish pouted and looked ashamed.
"Oh that feels even more incredible." He closed his eyes, moaning softly. Sherlock only smiled and continued.
"I'm… Sherlock," John exclaimed as he clawed into Sherlock's leg, Sherlock pumping over him again.
"What is this?" John asked softly, looking around the now empty room.
"Yes, especially now that we are so near to each other." He searched his eyes, panting.
Anthea stood at the end of the hall, out of sight, watching the scene before her. A disheveled Sherlock stood on the outside of the library, pounding on the door, frustration clear in his voice and his actions. She sighed, this was the hundredth time she'd witnessed this same situation occur and she could tell how it wore down both the mender and his mate each time.
." He growled and he took off.
, I'll bring updated case files." He rolled his eyes, again stopping Sherlock in his tracks. "I took the old ones back when I helped Molly put away the groceries."
"What is it?" Sherlock asked softly and he walked closer. John's hands were shaking as he reached out and pulled out a golden chain. He held it up and a gold key hung from the chain with a piece of blue sea glass tied to it. His thoughts were held by the key until he heard Sherlock inhale a sharp breath and felt something like rage sweep through him. Sherlock was confronted with the impossible, he couldn't believe it.
“It’s cliché, overtly obvious, and rather boring. But that’s what happens when the plan of a Mastermind is left in the hands of an idiot.” Sherlock snapped, resuming his usual manner as he explained what should be obvious to those who couldn't see it. "John and I have discussed all of the details that I have. This is all part of the plan, the web left behind to enact final vengeance. He is aware of the dangers!" His anger spiked and was clear in his voice.
"I thought it was interesting that she made any sort of contact, seeing as how she was supposed to be dead." There was a darkness to the edge of John's words and Sherlock's attention was drawn back to his mouth; watching him as he spoke each syllable of each word. Was that jealousy in his tone? Why did the tone ripple through Sherlock and excite him on so many levels?
"There are two things we need to discuss and I need your full attention. Which is why we are discussing it now." Sherlock launched into explanation, assuming his normal countenance. "The first is that I intend to ask John to marry me."
“I apologize, however I am afraid I do not recall making your acquaintance.” Mycroft muttered softly, glad his mask was covering his face. The man smirked, stepping a bit closer as he did. Mycroft could not keep his breath even as the sensations pulsed harder in his chest.
“Lord Holmes, John… Why are you here?” Lord Moran demanded softly as he and Moriarty entered the room. “What has happened?
"Eh Greg, I'm alright." John said dismissively, but let his eyes close. He was utterly exhausted.
Gregory fought hard not to groan, John had very few tells, yet those he did have were clear markers of his mindset. These particular tics were remnants from what Moran had done to him.  A sort of nervous condition caused by the burn of silver throughout his body. The more worried or anxious the Mender got, the stronger the tics presented. Gregory made a mental note to ask George and Anthea to look in on the pair a bit more often, before looking down at his hands. He wondered what he could do or say to convince the pair to return home. Mycroft was not the easiest of people to get along with, that he knew, however, they would all be safer in the walls of the family manor.
They dropped Hamish off at Mycroft's at some ungodly early hour on Thursday morning, much to the displeasure of Hamish, Mycroft and John. But Sherlock was nothing but secrets and smiles. He hadn't told John a word about where they were going and he'd only backed one small suitcase for the both of them.
"Or for those too stubborn to stay dead," A voice rang out through the room just as John entered from the hallway. Both men straightened up and tensed, their faces betraying their emotion quite clearly.
John amused himself by working the cases with Sherlock, when he could keep up; and by studying all that the mortals were learning of science and medicine when he could not. Many times, Sherlock would dash off on a case, leaving John rooted to the spot on the crime scene – seemingly vanishing into thin air only to turn up later shouting that due to John being absent from Sherlock’s side the killer had five extra minutes before capture. It was on an afternoon such as this, that Gregory and John found themselves in a comfortable silence, sipping some blood wine, while John looked over the details of a previous case and Gregory waited for Sherlock to return with answers. No sooner had Sherlock swept up the stairs, grumbling about the cold outside than the view outside the window became obscured by a wall of white. Snow, which they had not expected but which seemed to be hell bent on blanketing the world. Gregory started up from his chair, hurriedly tossing his jacket over his shoulder before John put a firm hand on his arm.
"I have never seen someone go so still simply to think." He said firmly.
. It made his temper flare and he yanked one open slicking his fingers overzealously with oil before pushing two of them almost unceremoniously into John. John cried out first in pain and then in pure pleasure as Sherlock's magic bore down on him again. Sherlock was using his magic to restrict the pain, rather unintentionally, as he was utterly desperate to mark his mate. To reclaim him. He worked John over with his fingers, working to bring him to the edge of and then restraining his release. John completely lost in the sensations burning in his body could do nothing but moan and whimper, the pain a faint shadow in the background noise of his mind. Sherlock pressed a third slicked finger into the tight muscles, spreading John wider and wider as he worked. There was nothing for John but Sherlock, he was ensnared and even the room faded from his knowledge.
“No…” John gasped, tears coming. Mycroft simply held him, both of them shedding tears as they heard the sounds of the sailors preparing the ship to depart.
Sharp pain, a scream, the sound of crashing.
"Mrs. Hudson, I'll take you home. We've set up a few extra patrols to keep an eye on you." Lestrade said, cutting through the silence. He moved directly over to her and nodded at John.
“Her husband, whom was the one who turned her against her will, was running a smuggling operation. He was caught by the imperial fleet and taken to trial.” Sherlock replied quietly, locking his fingers in front of his chin.
"I apologize for waking you." Sherlock smirked, pulling John tightly to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The quartet moved down to the drawing room and found Elizabeth wringing her hands in her seat. She looked greatly distressed, her eyes red from tears, and her breathing somewhat ragged. When John came into the room she rushed over to him and grabbed his hands, pressing her forehead to them in supplication. A motion which took John by surprise.
"I'm glad..." Lestrade said it awkwardly and John's face tightened. So Lestrade had known the truth at least longer than he had known it himself. Sherlock shook his head ever so slightly and John clenched his jaw.
John's mind reeled from the overwhelming sensation of Sherlock's nails on his back and their tongues intertwining. John's body clearly gave away how much he was enjoying the sensations and Sherlock found himself quite pleased to note that it was his touch, his kisses that were driving John to distraction. He increased his efforts moving from John's lips to suckle on the spot where his neck and shoulder met, eliciting a deep groan of pleasure from his
"Losing you would be far harder on me than anything else." He whispered, nuzzling his nose into John's neck.
“I will never tell, it would ruin the game.” Sherlock said quietly, his smirk deepening. He licked his lips, James caught watching the red of the blood that swirled on the end of the others’ tongue with the motion.
"Well... That sounds agreeable enough..." John said softly, now very red and staring out the window.
"I know, however it gave me great pleasure to do so. Let it be like this for now, Sherlock. Stay here with me for a few days and let me explore you at my pace. Please." A plea Sherlock knew he was powerless to refuse even if he wanted to.
"Wait, what's this?" Kitty asked grabbing John's hand. She laughed. "Oh isn't that precious. He gave you a ring? No," She gasped incredulously. "What are you two going to be consulting husbands now?!" She giggled and ripped the ring off John's finger, finally garnering a response for him. He struggled trying to get it back. "Oh look, he does care." She growled and punched him in the right side of his face, reopening the wound from earlier. "It's mine now." She slipped it on her thumb, ignoring the blood. "Only ten hours left Johnny boy, then it's your curtain call."
"Das ist klar aber warum bist du
“I apologize my Lords, it seems the wheel broke. We will have to unload it to fix it but we shall have it done within a few hours.” The driver promised. Mycroft frowned.
"That was Mrs. Hudson," The tongue click and a sigh. "She said John left to go to the grocer about half an hour ago. Left his phone at home," Sherlock's features tightened. The grocer was within ten minutes of the flat. All they needed was milk. "She said just a bit ago someone slipped a note under her door for you. She said it was something about watching him. She said she'd tried to call you several…" Sherlock turned on his heel, already dialing Mrs. Hudson and moving down to hail a cab. "Sherlock! I'll take you!" Lestrade came after him.
"No, I do not. You are like no man. I know there is something different about you and your brother. I had heard the rumors and always believed them to be the fantastical notions of bored individuals, however I can feel your hunger like my own breath. I can feel how deeply you desire me. It's rather frightening really, to know that of all those you could choose you have your sight on me." Their eyes locked and Sherlock felt it again. That string pulsing between them.
He sent the second just as he received a response from Lestrade.
"Good evening, John." Mycroft said softly. Realizing his brother was busy in his mind.
"My apologies..." John mumbled as Mycroft led him out.
"John, just because I'm racing away in my mind doesn't mean I'm leaving you." He'd almost whispered it but he spoke with complete conviction and effort, trying to comfort John. "I'm not leaving you, least of all for her. You are my heart." John had looked so deeply into Sherlock's eyes, trying to read the soul of the man before him. He'd known how hard it had to be for Sherlock to even ease the chatter of his mind when he was 'on the case' and to focus on the fact that John had needed him. He tried to let it comfort him, to prove to him that Sherlock was telling the truth. "But we both know I can't stop this. You know it better than anyone else. I have to figure this out. I have to know why you are so important to this whole mess." John understood what Sherlock was really saying - he needed to understand where he'd made a mistake and put John in so much danger. Sherlock had stayed in the room with him, guiding him back against the pillows and ensuring he was propped up and comfortable until John had finally dropped to sleep.
"It did not take long to see Elizabeth off however Lord Moran came… Well if I am honest he rather appeared out of nowhere and expressed a wish to speak with me." John forced out, his hand shaking slightly. "He says his coven is again becoming ill and he wishes me to research the herb apparently responsible." Sherlock was still beside him and the anger that transferred between their bond was not assisting John in regaining his calm.
“You are brave to come here.” Sherlock began but Moriarty cut him off.
"Not one you're happy with. I heard what you said John." John looked up as Sherlock tentatively slid his hand over top of John's, squeezing it gently. "I'm home. For good."
"That's what love is Sherlock. It's nerves and worry. It's jealousness and fear." He gently cupped the detectives cheek, their eyes still locked. "This is normal for any relationship and doubly so for ours, it's okay to be afraid. But you're brilliant, you're incredible, and you've figured this all out." John whispered, his mouth still very close to the detective's.
“Sh-Sherlock?” He asked softly, “What is on your mind?”
“You are the worlds’ foremost healer and Vampire Mender. You struggled through the ages of darkness without allowing your loyalty and spirit to break. You are fought over amongst Covens and world powers, yet you still do not give yourself the credit you deserve, my dear Watson.” Sherlock leaned in and kissed John fiercely. The kiss was desperate and pleading all at once, meant to claim and reaffirm at the same time. John tried to fight the rising desire within himself, to not give in to the small warmth of hope that grew in his chest. He prepared words to rebuke his lover's words, but they faded as Sherlock insistently continued to kiss and caress him.
"You need to eat." He said firmly, his tone completely masked. "And I need to care for you."
"Uh no, I've... I've uh.. I've met someone." She let out a squeal of joy.
"Don't give me incentive." John said gruffly, the tears finally stopping.
"You really have moved on haven't you?"
John turned and surveyed Sherlock's eyes for a long, silent moment. Sherlock was holding his breath, waiting for the answer he hoped John would give. His eyes eager for it. John licked his lips slightly, looking confused and concerned as he searched Sherlock's eyes for the answer to so many unasked questions. The ring box was heavy in John's pocket, a weight of shame and doubt that felt like it was only growing heavier with each passing moment. He reached up, two fingers gently touching Sherlock's cheek - as if once again seeking proof this was real. Sherlock responded in kind, two long fingers gently exploring and stroking John's cheek.
Meaghan retreated from the room and set to her tasks. She prepared the horses and ensured several sun blocking cloaks were ready in the entrance to where the horses waited. She returned to the hall and waited hours without a cease tormented by the noises coming from the room. John had implicitly told her what to wait for but she was growing impatient and worried. She did not like the noises the mender was making, nor the supposed pleasure he was drawing from this moment. Just as she was fixing her mind to rush into the room and claim John away from her father she heard a shout and wrenched the door open. Her father was against the wall, John’s blood on his lips. John was almost blank, his eyes rolled back in his head. She could feel the arousal bleeding off her father.
"Did you think I wouldn't notice?"
“There you are love; I wondered where you had wandered to. I see now it was with good reason. Lord Holmes, it is as always a pleasure. You have refused so many of my invitations lately, I was beginning to think I had wronged you somehow. I am pleased to see you accepted this one.”
"Hm..." John smirked. "You do know his heritage?"
From his position he could now see what Kitty was doing and it made rage sweep through his body in a way he'd never expected to feel. She had the scalpel in her hand and was making noises like a little girl drawing a picture as she continued carve her initials into John's chest, though the pattern was now completely obscured by blood. Sherlock watched and easily registered the pattern of the letters and he could tell from the amount of blood this was not the first time she had done this.
"I can see it in your faces. There is also a lingering sort of echo in our bond, a connection made between you two. I believe I felt it before when Mycroft was with me and you were in your room. You were speaking silently." John sounded thoughtful as he spoke, analyzing the feeling.
"You'd only ask a girl's family. I don't think it applies the same here. Either way I don't think John would care what Harry thought anyway. But if I were you I'd clear it through Mycroft."
“Must you be so annoying,” Sherlock sighed. “And just when I’d thought we’d reached a new understanding.” Mrs. Hudson quickly took her level not wanting to see the brothers at it again.
John began to shake and a loud series of noises downstairs prompted Meaghan to usher Sherlock from the room. She quickly refastened the silver around John’s wrists and neck, finishing dressing him just as her father burst into the room. He smiled predatorily at the mender, enjoying how broken the man looked.
"That is true. Though if you stare too much I may get the wrong idea." Sherlock tilted his head just so, intentionally making John blush again. Again slowly undressing him with his eyes and not bothering to hide it. John coughed and felt his body responding with enthusiasm.
"What?" He looked outraged. "Why would you…"
"What are you speaking of?" John demanded, looking confused. He never received so much as a kind word from this man and to hear them now was utterly infuriating.
"D-do not drink of me..." John warned, shivering violently. "If you drink of me the herb... Will be in your system." He groaned and arched as Mycroft drove home, pushing into John until he bottomed out and groaning deeply. "More, please!" John whimpered and Mycroft rolled his hips hard, continuing his work while trying to exhaust the mender.
"Sherlock, stop being such a jerk." John snapped and the four of them laughed. Sherlock blushing just slightly. He moved over and took Hamish from him. "I'm going to go settle him in upstairs."
"You saved me." John smirked. "I mean you broke me again, but you've saved me over and over from my darkness, Sherlock. I know this is a journey that is uncharted, unclear, and likely terrifying for you. More than anyone else I know how hard this is for you. For me the hardest part is accepting that I love a
"I'm anxious." He replied dismissively. "I feel like there is something I could be missing, something important. And if anything goes wrong you could be hurt or die. This isn't the same..." He was cut off mid-explanation as John's mouth found his and blew his train of thought to pieces. It was nice to have the quiet in his head for the moment and John was the only one who could ever cut through the chatter.
Sherlock continued playing for awhile pretending he wasn't pleased that both John and Mrs. Hudson were thoroughly enjoying his music. John found himself lingering over Sherlock as he played, watching how each muscle moved underneath the dark grey shirt he was wearing. Lingering over the shape and movement of his fingers across the strings, the way his eyes lit up when he opened them and how his face looked almost angelic when he had them closed. His attention so focused on Sherlock that nothing else seemed to matter. Mrs. Hudson eventually returned downstairs leaving the two of them in the slowly settling silence of the flat as Sherlock finished playing. John waited to see if he would speak once he settled down on the couch next to him, but he said nothing. After a few minutes John felt it was safe to bring up some of the concerns that had come to mind when he'd gotten into the shower.
Sherlock pulled John into a slow, passionate kiss just before Anthea knocked on the door. John opened it and stepped out. She smiled fondly at him, reaching over to gently push a piece of his hair into place.
"That's a whole week of wasted time. I'm fine Sherlock." John went to sit up and grunted. A coughing fit wracking his body. Sherlock gave him a terse gaze, "Alright maybe I'm not fine." He conceded and lay back, propped up against the pillows.
"Did you have to?" A soft question asked by a voice thick with sleep. He shivered slightly. Sherlock's voice was deeper when he first woke but his tone was clearly a complaint.
“Hamish, this is my Aunt Georgina. Georgie this is...” John said as an introduction.
“It is true, my love. If the punishment is carried out as it should be he may not even maintain his fixation on us when he arises in fifty years.” Sherlock sighed, watching Mycroft closely.
“I have received word from the others that the coven gathering is to be moved closer. Father has sent one of his guards back to inform me to prepare his things for the trip. That will give us two months to build up the herb in your blood enough that no one shall know but us.” She whispered quietly. She looked up as she heard a noise outside the window and frowned. “Rest now, I shall return tomorrow at nightfall.” She whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why have you not shared this with us before?”
- He was relaxed as John touched him -
"Hush, I know my love. I know." Mycroft fought his own pain. John looked up at him and cupped his cheek, deep guilt in his eyes.
John blushed more as Sherlock helped him out of the car, making sure his jacket and scarf were tidy and neat. A few photographers snapped pictures of them from across the road, but Sherlock's attention was completely on John. He smiled softly and escorted John inside and to a small room where Lestrade and Mycroft were already sitting and from the look of it partially through their first glasses of wine. John snorted with a laugh and slid down in his seat.
“What do you mean?” John asked softly, not entirely sure if doing so was the smartest option.
"Gross!" He proclaimed loudly, he was clearly proud of himself for using the word correctly.
"Surprised?" Sherlock grinned darkly. “Don’t be, you’re an easy man to follow even when my brother doesn’t lead the way.”
you would come to your senses. Leave everything to me; I shall arrange it straight away. No point in delaying." Mycroft smirked. "I shall send a car for you this evening."
"I believe the choice is not mine to make if I am honest. I have yet to speak with her since this entire incident began and I promised to be her physician." John said softly, as he stood and dressed. "However perhaps you two could be convinced to accompany me?"
"If you ever lie to me again I will punish you for real." Sherlock growled, pressing his mouth to the other side of John's neck and marking it equally, his hand wound tightly in that sandy hair. John whimpered in reply. "So... Now my pet, tell me what he said."
"You do that." Sherlock added, moving to pick up his violin and then stopping. John was watching him as if he would vanish. It unnerved him. As soon as the bottom door slammed he let his attention focus on John. "What?" He asked softly, betraying his confusion.
"Some of us more than others." She smirked and her eyes flicked to Sherlock who had the eye patch off and was positively devouring the pictures with his piercing gaze. They didn't worry themselves with Sherlock's behavior anymore, knowing as they did that he likely wasn't even in the room with them anymore.
Jacob, Mycroft, Greg, and Sherlock sat silently in the back of the car as it made its' way to the manor Uthur had mentioned. Sherlock looked deadly and it made Greg very uncomfortable, but he seemed to be the only one who noticed. Jacob looked ready to go to war and Mycroft had been texting and making quiet phone calls for the last hour of the trip. None of them had spoken and yet all of them seemed to be on the same page as far as what was happening. Sherlock was bouncing his knee and twisting his wedding ring around and around on his finger, while Jacob simply remained calm and still. They arrived at the location and Mycroft was the first to sweep out of the car.
“My mender.” He breathed, leaning close to press soft kisses to John’s eyes, cheeks, and mouth.
"Oh trust me, they have been." Lestrade said in a somewhat tired voice. "The man left behind, the poor John Watson and the recently returned exonerated but distraught Sherlock Holmes. Barely reunited before tragedy strikes again." He fought a snort of laughter, saying it all in a very melodramatic tone. "One day they hate you, the next you're their best story."
Mycroft could think of nothing except the mender in his arms. He gently caressed John’s cheek, frowning when he felt how cold the other was. He dashed down the stairs with him, through the birthing chamber and into the room with the large tub. He gently set John down and dashed off, returning with a glass of bloodwine that he gently provided the mender. He nursed him through several glasses before stripping and taking John into the bath. He cleaned him, murmuring words of gratitude and affection to him. So glad to have him back. John grunted, everything felt like a dream. He swore he heard Mycroft but his mind supplied that there was no way that could be true. Once Mycroft was sure the mender was cleaned he tended to the wounds that remained, hissing when he realized John had a scar that could only have been caused by repeated puncture with a silver dagger. He carried John into the secure room that he’d used to bring John into the vampire world and set the mender softly on the bed.
knowing?" Sherlock growled intently, his face dark.
“You even watch the smaller details now, my love. You have improved quite a bit” Moriarty smirked, lilting the word at Sherlock as he walked closer. “Though so have you.” He turned his dark eyes on John with a look that made John’s skin crawl.
“How did Mrs. Hudson come to be an acquaintance?” He asked softly.
The tension finally breaks and this chapter leads to full man on man action (again towards the end). Again if it's not your thing please skip it.
"What has delayed you so?" Mycroft asked gently. “It should have only required a little time to see Elizabeth off, you have been gone for quite awhile.”
." Sherlock whispered, slowly opening his eyes. "I was so comfortable until the noise of you thinking woke me up." John snorted.
"You belong to me." His reply was utterly dark as he slammed his hard length deep into John, burying himself to the hilt hard and fast.
"In my jacket, the right pocket," John whispered, his smile not fading. "Promise me you'll stay here."
“You did not inform me this case was so blatantly obvious to be solved, I have wasted away an entire afternoon on nothingness.” He snapped, before beginning to spout off the details of the entire event.
"It'll be okay John." Sherlock whispered, putting his hand on John. But his voice was still odd. They'd almost wasted too much time. There was danger that he would be permanently compromised because of this. Guilt welled up inside Sherlock's stomach and John who was both half in the world and half out of it felt the tremor that ran through the detective.
John’s face fell, he finally broke their gazes by closing his eyes and a shudder went through his body. He was disappointed to realize that Sherlock had noticed his behaviors, though he could tell from Sherlock’s lack of anxiety, he did not know the whole of John’s feelings. He had hoped to keep this darkness from his love, to shield him for as long as he could before the darkness confronted them. Deciding that a half-truth would be better than a lie, he forced himself to find calmness as he opened his eyes to meet his loves anew.
"No pain... Too much sensation." He replied gently, closing his eyes again.
"Yes,
"Captain John, I demand you keep these safe. You are as always the only one whom I can trust with such essential items. One day you and I will become pirates and we will sail the world together as we were meant to. For now I have decided I will become a detective as you once suggested I do. They did not listen to us but If I can prove that King Izzod did not murder King James then we shall be allowed to be friends again. I don't know if this will truly make it to you, but Prince Croft assures me Lady Georgina is trustworthy. I am loathe to confess this but I miss you terribly. I have tried to learn more about you, but I have failed despite my best efforts. I know I
“Oh, isn’t he wonderful?” Mrs. Hudson gushed. “Of course you’re so much better, but the way he plays…”
- Sherlock's body language was tight, defensive, closed off.
"John, please forgive me. Grant me that which I do not deserve." She pleaded, looking up at him.
"You are quite capable of moving about the flat, as you have been for several hours now. But you haven't really done things well, have you?" Sherlock realized almost as soon as he finished the statement that he likely should not have said it, but he didn't take it back. Instead his face tightened to show that he knew the wrongness, but he didn't soften at all - his anger and defenses also rising.
"Be at ease Elizabeth. This will not do for your condition. Your words are inspiring however I worry I may not trust them. Tell me the story behind them?" John asked softly. Sherlock and Mycroft sank down in chairs across from them, their eyes roving over the pair as they talked. Sherlock was desperately protective and wanted to lash out at the woman even as John held her hands so gently.
"What?" John snapped awake and Sherlock smiled. He helped him up and hugged him to himself, ignoring the flush of warmth.
"Lord Moran?" Mycroft's tone was clearly incredulous.
"Do not approach him." He ordered and Sherlock looked livid. John looked confused and tried to move forward but Mycroft held out his hand and used his powers to hold John in place.
“What nicety is this?” Sebastian growled as John so easily conceded to his whims. He smirked as he tore away the scraps of clothing John was allowed to wear. “If you think I shall go gently simply because you behaved, you are wrong.”
Was it Friday already? He let out a soft sigh, his body wound so tightly he felt like his muscles might snap. It was just PTSD - that's what his therapist kept telling him. Get out of the flat, go back to work, take up exercise, live. She kept telling him over and over, but she didn't
"God damn you're evil." John grunted as Sherlock slipped out of him and collapsed against him. He fumbled about, finding his shirt and wiping the cooling sticky mess from his chest.
"He has a suit." John said by way of a greeting, his throat still a bit rough.
fascinating I'm going to have to tie you up and ravage you senseless." John groaned loudly, trying to grab Sherlock and prolong the kiss but he was already out of John's reach.
Sherlock made a blanket nest for Hamish and settled him down into it on the couch as he put on some horrid children's show that would rot his son's brain. Hamish settled down instantly and hummed along with the songs on the television as he slowly grew sleepy and fought not to close his eyes. Sherlock moved over and pulled John into a hug.
"Watch me." He commanded. "Watch me give you want you want, John." John couldn't have disobeyed if he wanted to, his attention becoming fully focused on the fact that he could just see how Sherlock's hard cock was pounding away at his tender ass.
"Yes, of course they are!" John defended the brothers easily, almost enraged Sebastian would dare say anything of the sort. “Sherlock is a perfect husband and both of the brothers care for not only myself but the entire coven with greater attention than I have seen any other leader give their coven, even you.” John’s voice was meant to be compassionate but his heart ached. He could not stand Sebastian’s insinuation that Sherlock and Mycroft were anything but kind to him.
It took only an hour for Mycroft to finish reading all the correspondence that had arrived and he sighed softly as he tried to discern something to occupy himself without disturbing John. He first attempted to come up with something else to occupy his mind, but found his attention drifting down over the peaceful form of the mender sleeping cuddled against him. He reached down, gently placing a hand over John's chest and smiling as John let out a soft, sleepy contented sigh. He watched fondly as John nuzzled his head against Mycroft's arm and sat quietly simply watching him sleep for a long moment. Sometime later he tensed as he felt the energy of the house shift, a sort of violent ripple tearing through the sleepy peacefulness the house had carried for almost two weeks. It was a clear sign that Sherlock had rejoined the world of the wakeful. He closed his eyes allowing his hearing to dominate his other senses and focused on the sounds coming from the house. He noted the sound of Sherlock slamming open his bedroom door, followed by his hurried footsteps down the stairs and the loud clang of the door to the wing of the house where the mortals they kept lived. The footsteps stormed back upstairs and down to Sherlock's library before returning to his room. Then they turned and began towards Mycroft's wing of the house. He realized that Sherlock was full of rage, his footsteps quick and his energy storming.
"You've become quite a man, John." She said softly as he put his hand on hers, settling down beside her on the couch facing the stairs. "I don't think I'll ever understand how you grew to be such an incredible person with so much hatred around you. The things your father said and did to you and your sister were horrible. Some of the worst things I have ever heard a human utter. Yet here you are with a great husband and beautiful son. An acclaimed doctor, a detective in your own right, and a more loving father than I have ever known."  John blushed.
E-mail: KayC3367 at hotmail dot com
"Sh-Sherlock!" He exclaimed in relief but anger crossed Mycroft's face and forced John to tremble as his Sire's feelings reverberated in his body. Sherlock did not seem to acknowledge Mycroft's presence, his full attention focused on his husband.
“Of course I did. It’s a celebration for you.” Mycroft said gently, his intention not masked.
“Mrs. Hudson, John and I will be returning to Baker Street before New Year’s eve. We’d like to throw a small get together.” He said without looking at her.
“Since you are here am I to believe you have accepted the agreement?” John growled, clenching his fist. He had to time things just right.
Sherlock sighed and lay John back down. He removed his coat, sweeping it off of himself and draping it over John like a blanket. He then set about the flat, turning on lights and the heat. Surveying the rest of the information he needed to catch up on what had happened for the last year. He came back and picked up the cardstock letter from John's chair and was surprised to see it contained so little information. All it said was: Don't give up, you know the truth. - The Woman. A sign of solidarity to a man who was broken. His eyes flicked over John again, a whole host of feelings trying to crowd into his mind all at once. The chief of which was grief. He'd known that this would hurt John, but he'd never expected to see him cracked in half like this. He moved the things from John's chair and sat down, steepling his fingers in front of his face and focusing on the information. It had to be true then. The things the two of them left unsaid, the feelings that had driven him to show his sorrow enough that Molly had caught it. The things that had driven him to setup this whole plan. The man he felt utterly devoted to in a way that he'd vowed to never feel in his entire life, was destroying himself because of it. He walked over to the kitchen and rummaged around. He was still looking for something when Mrs. Hudson came up the stairs.
"Drink of me, Mycroft. Claim what is yours: the mortal remnants of a life you despise." John coaxed, his eyes fluttering closed. Mycroft felt the spike of heat rise in his body along with the desperate hunger as his gaze fell over the throbbing vein in John's neck. It had been worth the painful sleep of a day without feeding to feel the shiver that ran through John's body as Mycroft's aura washed over him.
It was almost too much really for Sherlock in this moment. The disappointment in Hamish's face that morning, the fact that John had still been keeping something secret from him, and the fact that ever since this case had reopened John seemed on edge all seemed to point to some failing Sherlock had made. It reminded him that he'd never truly stopped to think about the consequences of his work. He never had. John's life had already been in danger countless times because of this and now here he was, afraid again. It made something inside his chest want to claw its' way free, his eyes carefully focused on his husband as he tried to use his brain to think through the problem his heart was having. John would never ask Sherlock to give up his cases and Sherlock never intended to, but there had to be a way to keep working but make sure his family was safe. He sighed softly as his attention slowly came back into the room.
"He has been distant with me ever since your dark mood. I believe I have angered him by being with him and being so predictably angry." He shuddered as a tear fell.
Darkness is threatening at every turn - John still doesn't see it and with Sherlock acting a bit childish it threatens to overwhelm them.
"I..." His voice caught. "I wasn't supposed to come apart like this. I had gotten so much better, so much stronger!" He was shouting slightly. "I was so much better than this!"
“John?” She said quietly, waiting for him to raise his gaze. “Sherlock wishes to know our…” She stopped when the door opened and Sherlock slipped inside, his gaze focused on both of them.
"It is not your fault, my little mender." Mycroft's voice was gentle as he tentatively sank down next to John careful for any move he might make to flinch away. "Moriarty did this to you and he ordered his followers to carry it through. You could not have known your necklace came off."
"Oh Hamish, love..." John whispered and he took Hamish from Sherlock. He cuddled him close rocking him.
"Let’s go out here and you can sit with your Dad and I’ll get you some medicine." John offered as he carried him out into the living room. He smirked noting that Sherlock had hardly even moved from his previous position on the couch, his legs flung over the end of it where he'd made room for John to sit and be his pillow. Sherlock looked up slightly, surveying Hamish as he deduced the situation.
“We require nothing from you, thank you.” Sherlock snarled.
"Sherlock, it's going to rain. There's thunder. We need to get to the Gardener's Cottage." He pulled him along. Sherlock was muttering under his breath as they went.
"Oh God! You two are incredible..." John gasped out in a voice thick with lust, his cock twitching against his belly.
"You'll have to be more specific, John." The look in his eyes was pure dominance and possession, pure lust and it snapped John's mind in half. He groaned with need.
"I cannot keep my hands off of you, John..." He whispered against his mouth. "Not one bodily urge has swayed my mind in all of my life until you and now it is as if the gates will never close." He ground their hips together, their mouths desperate to seek purchase on the others' and their moans clashing softly.
"I don't think I'll ever be prepared for this..." John whispered and Sherlock smirked.
“You are being far too formal and far too kind to me. I know you cannot control your beautiful mind.” John pulled one hand free and reached up to brush a curl from Sherlock’s forehead. “This opened new pathways for you to solve some of the cases that have been vexing you, I expected as much.”
"Look at that smile!" She gushed. "It's been ages!" She laughed quite happily and though Sherlock now had his back to them John was quite sure he was smirking.
"She was an idiot." He replied monotone, his attention unwavering.
Sherlock was taken by surprise when John moved so he was beside Sherlock instead of in his lap, however he allowed the mender to guide his body down against the bed. John gently began kissing him, timidly at first and then slowly growing stronger as he found he could stomach the motions. John could not explain how the desperation rose in his chest to cherish his lover with physical expression. He'd felt the pull of their lust before and been chilled to the bone by it, however now it burned like a fire in his chest. It grew as Sherlock went pliant under John's hands, allowing John to direct their actions and the speed with which he undertook them without expectation or fear of judgment. Sherlock let John explore him, watching with curiosity as John let his thoughts come and go.
"Because Marcus Watson has been a determent to our organization for too long and this time he has gone too far. Attacking a child. He has been staying in one of the orders older safe houses. Jacob knows where it is and he will go with you. Because John Watson was the most beloved nephew of my late lover James Pendergrass and I will not let the evil inside of his father consume him or your son."
“Yes sir, I was dispatched last night to bring this to you. I hope that we will find your answer favorable. I’ll take my leave.” The man gave a curt nod as he turned and left.
"That summer King James told lonely John he was inviting another of his friends and his two little boys to stay. King James said that the eldest boy was likely not going to be very interesting to lonely John because he was preparing to be a business man like his father and was already involved in political and business things, but James felt that the younger boy might be a good friend for John. So John was very excited when arrived at the estate and found out the other boys were already there. King James arranged for them to be introduced and when John offered an introduction he was disappointed." Sherlock's eyes had fluttered closed again and his face was tight with emotion. "The other boy looked him over and pronounced him normal and boring before running off." John sighed and Sherlock casually stretched out so his socked foot brushed against John's ankle. "Now lonely John was lonelier than ever." John's voice dropped.
"Yes, I did." John conceded but his face was still tight.
Heavy silence fell around them as they looked out the windows, still cuddled together but unspeaking. Neither liked the idea the other had some secret they were keeping about this, but John couldn't talk about that summer yet. The pain he felt was still so strong and he didn't know if he could trust himself with it out in the open. He sighed trying vainly to remember
“N-no… Sherlock what is…”
John had enough time to register Sherlock coming towards him before that blue scarf wrapped around his eyes, cutting off his vision. He struggled a bit against the bindings but moaned as Sherlock pressed light, fluttering touches over his legs and stomach.
"Of course." He said firmly, but his eyes were hard.
“It has come time for us to move residences. With these most recent goings on at court I believe it’s time for us to change to one of our other manor houses for a time. As you have already been to France I was considering we might go to Germany first and then to France.” John looked at Mycroft with confusion as he finished speaking.
Sherlock swept out of the flat finding that he himself was angry that John was angry. John should have known Sherlock would want the card. He grumbled it over in his mind on the cab ride to the station but found the entire situation pushed from his mind as soon as he arrived at the Yard. Lestrade already waiting to meet his cab and beginning to fill him in on information immediately as the pair walked into the station.
Mrs. Hudson escorted John upstairs, they stood in the doorway of the empty, dark flat and silence descended around them in a very uncomfortable way. John leaned back against the wall next to the door and looked at Mrs. Hudson. The dust flowing gently in the air as they stood there both of them letting their emotion swirl around their hearts. Mrs. Hudson coughed as she opened the curtains, trying to let sun into the darkened space. Deep down she hoped John was coming home, coming back to bring life back to these rooms.
"When did he seek you?"
John walked with her downstairs before taking a deep breath and walking out the door. He dodged through the reporters, noticing again that Kitty was watching him with a strange look on her face. He made it past the reporters and though he didn't need one he hailed a cab, instructing the driver to take him past the grocery and further away from the flat. The reporters didn't follow him and he sighed with relief when he got out of the cab about five blocks from the grocer and began walking. Back at Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson jumped when an envelope slid under her kitchen door. She picked it up slowly and opened it, wondering who on earth would do such a thing. She hoped it wasn't another of those hateful letters they'd received after Sherlock's 'death.' It was unlabeled beige cardstock envelope with a simple single piece of paper inside. The note said simply: Do
I was." John sighed and realized that "case mode" had returned. Sherlock set the book back down and John looked over the stack of pictures Sherlock had reorganized.
"Yes, I look forward to assisting you in his tutelage." Sherlock said firmly, his face darkening. Mycroft simply waved them off.
Incredible warmth, the feeling of a hard but somewhat yielding
“Rat,” Sherlock teased tickling him. The boy giggled.
"Yes, she is my grandmother. She has met me twice so far."
“You knew?!” Sherlock demanded darkly. “You KNEW?!”
"Sher…lock…" John grunted, trying to say something.
"Mycroft!" He hissed, his hands tentatively moving to touch Mycroft as he worked.
"John!" Sherlock shouted, clawing John until their mouths met. John hips moving hard against his own. "God, yes." He panted, arching up into him.
John is still suffering the effects of the herb Moriarty slipped into their drinks during the engagement dinner, but that was just a trial run for something darker.
"I shouldn't feel like I do for her. I shouldn't have been taken in by her. I thought I dealt with all of this! It was so much easy to hide how I felt for you in the beginning. You were always denying there was any connection. But she..."
The entire energy of the house shifted as the brother's prepared themselves. It became dark and feral. Anthea was the first to find one of the brothers, Mycroft, looking as if he was preparing for war. He dressed hurriedly, a long thin cane that contained a sword at his side. Sherlock was back with him in moments, his hand still tightly clasped around the necklace. Anthea's eyes went wide.
“I have betrayed you and I beg forgiveness.” Moran said softly, his lines more his own but still clearly contrived.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft commanded as Sherlock appeared at the top of the stairs beside him. “Go with John to Elizabeth’s manor. I shall go to the Duke and bring him presently. Do
Sherlock was left standing alone in the dark as the moon rose a bit higher. He didn't move for a very long time, watching the candle light that flickered to life and through the hall towards what could only be John's chamber. He felt an overwhelming urge to enter that room and claim John now, however he pressed himself to wait. He must speak with Mycroft first. Mycroft was the leader of their clan and he would have to have permission. Though if Mycroft said no he had every intention of proceeding anyway. John would be his. Mycroft seemed to be waiting for him when he returned to their manor and stalked into his study.
Sherlock felt John’s look and simply smiled, nodding to the woman before continuing the path home. They arrived at the manor to find Mycroft sitting inside the living room when they stepped in. Sherlock simply huffed in annoyance and drug John passed the other, not seeing as John looked back at Mycroft with confusion on his face. He had wondered why it was that Mycroft stayed so distant from him now. No matter what John did it seemed there was a gap now, and though he was content with Sherlock and knew Mycroft now had Gregory, it still nagged at the back of his mind.
"It'll rain all week at that rate." Sherlock sighed, already annoying.
"You were not even from the room, Lord Holmes." George smiled and took up Sherlock's bag.
"I know what you said Sherlock, here you can use this bag to put the other things you need in it."
"No, he is not is he?" He walked over and circled his brother, observing him. "You have tasted his essence." His face was very close to his brother's, their skin almost touching. "Did you take it? Force him?"
"John Watson-Holmes." He grinned, their lips almost touching.
James sighed as he entered his rooms and found Sherlock sitting, still as a statue, on the desk. He threw his cloak down, slowly beginning to undo his shirt as he waited for the nasty words that would come. He was surprised however when Sherlock did not speak, his eyes flitting over the other vampire with interest.
alive and I need her to... Well I need her to
Mycroft watched silently as John clutched at Sherlock. The two of them whispering words that even he could not hear. He was about to approach when Sherlock turned his head ever so slightly and glared at him, his look giving the other pause. After a long moment Sherlock pulled back and gently swept John’s hair out of his eyes, a soft smile blooming as the two finally gazed in eyes unfettered by lost memories and pain. John was nearly delirious, still partially unsure that this was real and not some imagining of his. Nothing meant more to him then seeing Sherlock truly looking at him, with love, adoration, and the memories that had for so long been blocked. Sherlock however, felt how John shivered and knew that his mate was on the brink of exhaustion. Just from observing him, he could tell it had been some time since the mender fed last. He knew this would give him the moment he needed to speak the words on his mind to his brother without the mender hearing such a harsh exchange.
"You are! You met me in an alley before the city was awake, caught me stumbling in weakness and proceeded to wrap your entire mind and passion around me! You learned everything you could about me in order to learn what I was, to learn how I lived... You have been loyal to me without me even having spoken with you. You are the most interesting person I have ever met." He crushed his mouth to John's again, cutting off his next reply.
"You would think so. But you must remember people have believed us to be dating since we met. So this will only continue to fuel the speculation of those whose idle mind has no room for important thoughts." John shook his head.
"What did Moriarty do with the information he gleaned from that conversation?" Sherlock interjected.
Find me on Tumblr if you'd like HollyGlow is the name!
"You should really..."
mate, Mycroft! I love him! He loves me! He is mine!" Sherlock was still shouting, his voice echoing in the room. "Why are you so intent on trying to take him from me!?"
"A history?" Mycroft demanded. John looked away, clearly upset.
"Not out here." John grunted, trying to stay rational but an ache building in his groin. Bedroom," John ordered and Sherlock teetered on the edge of his own rationality. He wanted to ravage John exactly where he was, but he conceded. Getting up he strode into the bedroom without hesitation pulling his shirt off on the way.
“Sherlock,” The Mender tried to argue, to refute all of the things Sherlock had said, but he was unable to do anything but moan when he felt Sherlock pressing a slick finger against his opening. Using the Mender’s distracted state, Sherlock had easily worked his body, just as he might his violin. Sherlock smirked as their eyes met and he claimed the Mender’s mouth anew. John groaned again before a shudder went through his body and he gave in, letting Sherlock have the victory for now.
going to fix that." It wasn't a question, it was a command.
"Not all of us are so lucky as you." Moran replied with a soft growl, his eyes flicking over to John.
"I..." Sherlock paused, he was paler as he stepped back. He extracted the small black case from his chest pocket and slid it open. He slowly, with a trembling hand extracted an exact copy of the key but with a green piece of sea glass.
." He growled again, this time even lower.
Mycroft is up to something. I don't know what (he refuses to tell me) but I can tell you he is no longer so keen on Sherlock keeping little Vamp!John in the end.
"You do not know how I feel. I heard the words you spoke, Sherlock and you are wrong." John whispered, forcing Sherlock to meet his gaze. "I do not desire in any way to be anything other than your mate." Sherlock's eyes grew wide as John stepped a bit closer to him. "I have never wanted an end to our bond, I simply did not believe you could tolerate a sudden distance from me."
“My Lords, the carriage is ready.” A woman called.
"We'll text you, thank you Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock said softly, flushing a bit. He kissed her cheek and hugged Hamish.
from Lord Moran?" Mycroft looked utterly annoyed, believing the two of them were playing some sort of cruel trick on him. When neither of them seemed to cave he sighed and looked over the envelope. He unsealed the letter and read aloud: "Lord Mycroft, I am sending this letter to you in the only hands I can trust," Mycroft quirked an eyebrow as John flushed a bit, John looked pointedly away from Sherlock which served only to anger him more. "I am seeking a truce between our clans in the name of John Hamish Holmes nee Montiere. Well as you know him Watson, but we both know that is not his birthright.  I seek this in his name as he is dear both to my coven and to myself and we wish to ensure that the health of the family who has his protection as their goal is protected and his happiness is maintained for the whole of the world. This will likely be of some confusion to you as you may not know all of his history, however I owe him a debt greater that I shall ever be able to repay without making a move such as this. I do hope that finally he accepts this as a step towards repaying the insurmountable debt I owe him. Lord Mycroft, our families have had little quarrel over the course of your life amongst our kind. However, there has been much tension between our families since our arrival in the courts in England. I wish to seek end to that tension. The safety of the mender John, his mate, and his family are now a priority for me and as such I hope you will send a favorable response to this letter with haste. I congratulate you on acquiring such an excellent fledgling whose loyalty will forever be unwavering, and more so for his addition to your own family line. With all my gratitude, Lord Sebastian Moran." Mycroft finished and looked directly at John as he dropped the letter on his desk.
"I am on fire." He whimpered, pressing against Sherlock's touch. "Claim me again..." He pleaded, groaning as Sherlock again ran his hand just a bit above his skin. He thrashed his head, feeling alternatively dizzy and inflamed.
I can't believe this story is almost over! What a ride. To be honest this chapter is actually the end of the plot but there is another full chapter and an epilogue to go!
"Yes, I was lucky enough to discover this opportunity. We were in fact just finishing our discussion. I happened to be on my way to see Lady Elizabeth when I noticed him outside.” Sebastian bowed to John. “Until you call, mender.” He said softly stepping back and turning to walk off.
"Of course it is, who else would come for you?" She snarled.
"You are an incredibly smug bastard." John panted, both of them laughing quietly.
"I owe you a great apology brother mine. I understand we were just beginning to share in the blossoming of our own bond, however I cannot accept solace or physical comfort from you when my mate refuses even the slightest touch from me. This departure is abrupt and chaotic however if my John no longer wishes to be mine then I simply cannot bear to be here any longer." He nodded and continued towards the door, still unaware that below his feet John was shedding tears of his own as he began to understand what his distance had done to his love.
kill the people who attacked me."
footfall. He didn't move to look as he heard someone setting down the food on the spotless kitchen table. He didn't dare turn and face the brother of the man he missed so much it was like his soul was missing. He felt Mycroft looking over him as he lay in the dark, Mycroft standing in the doorway in his best attempt to be imposing. A muscle tightened in Mycroft's face as surveyed the state of the flat and it's resident. John's outline clear on the couch. He'd lost so much weight and clearly had not done anything to care for himself in the last several days. The second man stood frozen in place as he surveyed the room before him. Sherlock Holmes almost felt the air in his lungs compressed out of them as the
"Please milords, I..." She looked nervously up at the house. "Lord Moriarty has not allowed the servants to leave the house in three days. We all have been tormented in our quarters by strange noises coming from the unused stable out near the old garden." She motioned to a building in a clump of trees a bit away from the house. "I... I am sure I have heard Lord John's voice." She whispered, ducking her head as if expecting a blow to befall her.
“Ah, yes Lord Moriarty asked to accompany us to visit you.” John’s father spoke and motioned for the man to join them. "He had to attend to the carriage."
"You're... My Captain." Sherlock whispered, his hand touching John's cheek as well. A whole host of emotions ran through both of them and Sherlock felt John tremble.
"Mrs. Hudson, how many times... Sherlock was not my boyfriend."
"I..." John didn't know what to say.
"He's definitely hiding something." John smirked as he picked up his tea.
"This is normal?" He asked softly, incredulously. "This fear gnawing at my stomach, the anger roaring through my body?" He flipped their position so he was over John. "I have so many conflicting thoughts in my head. I want to mark you from head to toe, to pound you into this couch until it breaks, and yet I'm paralyzed by the fear that in two days it'll all be over and I'll really have no reason to keep on living." John was panting at the fiery look in Sherlock's eyes. It was so many things: dangerously primal, deliciously needy, and incredibly telling.
"I should have expected Sherlock would have informed him, himself. Why?" He demanded darkly.
"All this time, all these games... Everything that he did was aimed at stopping me, but not by harming me. It was all aimed at my
"John!" Sherlock groaned. Mycroft smiled wider and positioned himself behind John guiding him into Sherlock. "Oh! It is so much!" His head fell back against the pillow as John sank into him fully. John groaned and whimpered before shouting as Mycroft pressed into him. Mycroft held him firm so he could focus on his cock buried in Sherlock and Mycroft's in him. His head went foggy and he moaned again as Sherlock shifted up slightly. There was nothing else in the world but the overwhelming sensation of being pinned between the brothers.
"If my life would save his I would forfeit it without hesitation. My feelings will not change tomorrow or in three thousand years. I shall love him for all the ages of the world. He is my mate." John's voice was eager and earnest, reassuring both of the Holmes men that he meant each word. "My heritage as a Solvanar not withstanding I do not come here to gloat or flaunt what I am. The blood hunger inside of me is not what drives me here to your door. I come only as a man helplessly tied to another being for all the ages of the world." Sherlock made a soft noise and Mycroft looked to him. Sherlock desperately wanted to lay his claim, to turn John and claim his as his own forever.
“I need to think John.” He mumbled softly, turning to look at the other.
" John pushed back down onto Sherlock's fingers, whimpering as he did. He was already overwhelmed by their arousal, it thrummed in his chest and through every level of their bond. "
"Me?" He asked incredulously.
"I honestly thought she would have remained distant. It was a misinterpretation of her motives. It will not happen again." He said it dismissively, tilting his head slightly.
"Is he? I believe that right now Lord Moriarty intends to have his way with him. Perhaps you fear the wrong man. Just look at them..." Mycroft's tone was dark and Sherlock felt himself compelled to look where his brother directed.
"Why did you take it?" The pain in his voice was what Sherlock latched onto, slowly looking up to meet his eyes. John's eyes betrayed the deep pain he was feeling, the utter betrayal.
"You're trying to solve me again," He whispered his lips moving in such a way they brushed John's own.
“Very!” Hamish giggled.
"I'm sorry," She said softly. "I didn't know which symptoms he was having so I had to get a few kinds. I talked to the Pharmacist and she said that a nasty cold has been going around here. So I got you some zinc lozenges and some immune strengthening drink powder to make sure you don't get it from them." She smiled.
"Thank you John. Thank you for relieving the dark burden of my heart. I am terribly sorry." She whispered.
"Lestrade, thank you for everything," Sherlock sighed softly.
It was not a pleasant situation. There was blood spilled in all directions, making the dirt floor with spray patterns of various strengths and lengths. John was balanced precariously on a narrow table, his wrists bound and stretched above his head, his ankles bound together and all of the restraints tied to a long rope so he could be maneuvered around. He had dried blood, semen, spit, dirt, and other substances dried and caked all over his body, his cheeks tear stained and swollen. He was currently lying on his back, his eyes half closed. His body was wracked by shivering caused jointly by weakness and hunger. His gaze was unfocused as he slowly turned his head as far as he was able to see who'd come to relieve him from his torture, but his entire body went tight with grief and despair as he realized who had come. Sherlock was vibrating with so much rage Mycroft was concerned he might become violent, his desire to harm those who had harmed his mate overwhelming his logical mind. He moved closer to his brother placing a hand gently on his shoulder to try and calm him, though in honesty his own rage was not much better controlled. John was utterly broken and used. They watched as he resigned himself to his fate and saw the exact moment his body went lax as the adrenaline finally cut out. The weakness of his aura and the fluttering of his breath caused Sherlock to soften and he darted forward using his one free hand to rip away the ropes and bonds, ignoring how they cut him. He pulled John into his lap on the floor, cradling and rocking him. Mycroft watched in somewhat stern hesitation as Sherlock ignored everything else in the room except his injured mate and relaxed enough to return his attention to the offending vampires.
"I had heard rumors that our mender was not recovering well. I investigated to find out what might have undone the progress it seemed you and your brother were making with him and I learned from Elizabeth the details of her previous visit, which I found quite distressing. As I had yet to hear from either of you regarding his progress I came with the hopes of speaking with the little mender." Moran sighed, his eyes hard.
"Fine!" Sherlock snapped in rage, throwing something across the room and watching it shatter. "He has barely glanced at you in months, but go to him! What do I care!" His tone cut and he watched as John shuddered with silent tears. He tore from the room, leaving Sherlock to face the vacuum of his feelings. Sherlock slammed around the room for a good ten minutes before settling down on the couch to brood.
"No love, I have you and your Dad, and your uncles. I'm not lonely anymore." He whispered and leaned down, kissing the boys forehead.
"I don't think, despite all of the times we went to get food, that I ever just watched you as you ate. It's rather mesmerizing." A wicked grin, John blushed more. He turned his attention back to his biscuit but almost choked when Sherlock spoke next. "When?" He demanded and though John knew exactly what he meant, he feigned ignorance.
"I don't intend to." Sherlock was musing over her words. His hand was still firmly on John's shoulder as she moved, clearly not completely trusting of her.
“Okay now he’s just being suspicious.” John sighed and helped the others set the table.
"We should go out like this more often." Sherlock smirked.
"No, clearly this was not at all what I intended." His tone was abrasive.
"I'm not." John smiled at Sherlock's utter confusion. "It led me back to you." Sherlock pushed against John softly and without hesitating John melted back into the cold tile of the shower.
to you, everything I ever tried to be. She looked right into the heart of both of us and saw the things we were hiding. She made me confront my feelings but the moment I started to accept
“You are welcome to disturb me at your leisure, though I did not think you would desire to do so.” Mycroft frowned, feeling himself soften despite his intentions. It seemed the Mender would always have a pull on his emotion, despite his better judgment.
"John, you aren't behaving rationally." He kept his voice calm, despite feeling strong emotion internally.
"It doesn’t have to be something like that." Lestrade blushed slightly and launched into an explanation but Sherlock held up his hand.
"I did. I learned how to play the dating game and I was so good at it I earned that horrible nickname. I found a way to cope just like you. Only you stopped making friends or lovers." John whispered.
"I've sent him away. Every time. I am not willing to indulge the sentiment of..." Sherlock growled in anger and slammed Mycroft into the door.
"I... Let me free." He pleaded, giving Sherlock a deeply tormented look. Sherlock felt something in his chest twinge but he knew he could not. John whined and whimpered, trying desperately to free himself.
"I should wring your neck." John said softly, a tear falling from his eye. "I should shake you and hit you. You've wrecked me, Sherlock." Sherlock moved to speak and John shook his hand, grabbing a handful of his hair and pulling gently, but with authority. "No, it's my turn." He growled softly. Sherlock could not stop the thrill that went through him. "But I can't. All I have wanted was for you to come back. For you step through that door so that I could tell you all the things I was too afraid of before. So that I could show you that we could have worked together. That we are together in this!" John's voice grew slightly louder but was still a whisper.
Sherlock fought the smirk that toyed at the edges of his mouth as he realized what John had done. He pulled his pistol out and aimed it squarely at the woman on the ground, moving over and kicking her pistol further away.
"Use me Sherlock. Have you way with me. Claim me!" John commanded him, but he shouted as Sherlock unceremoniously shredded his pants and threw the tatters to the floor. Sherlock lowered down and took John in his mouth, causing him to quiver. "Oh fucking hell Sherlock, what…" John thrashed and moved to grab Sherlock's head.
"Alright then we can take Hamish to the dentist and then we can head out there." Sherlock countered a smirk on his face.
"Yea! Pirates!" Hamish giggled.
"Father," James spoke quickly, moving to him and grabbing his hand. Sebastian conceded for a moment however when James looked up at him, he yanked his hand away. "What is wrong? I am in need your assistance." James' pleaded, his voice shaking.
"Naturally he asked you to accompany him?" Mycroft asked softly, carding his hand through John's hair.
with it when it comes.” James walked over and forced Sherlock onto his horse, mounting behind him.
"There's a lot you don't know about me Mycroft, and I worked hard to make it that way." John smirked and Sherlock looked at him with pure heat. “I’m surprised it worked.” He laughed.
“I was and I shall not apologize for it.”
“She is safe.” He promised, groaning as he felt John’s energy shift. “You ingested the herb.” Mycroft whispered, biting into his wrist and offering it to John without a second thought.
"Wow, yea." He snapped as his temper tried to cover his battered ego. He bounced his leg rapidly, sitting on the edge of the bed. "Thank you Sherlock, for reminding me of how I have failed!" He snapped his eyes up to Sherlock's, theirs meeting and Sherlock almost buried under the amount of pain and anger in John's gaze. It unsettled him, knowing that he was the reason this man was feeling so many conflicting feelings. "I'm so sorry that the fact that I have feelings for you ruined..." John started panting hard and Sherlock realized that if he didn't do something to quell John's anger, John would descend into another set of flashbacks.
"As I will protect you." John promised in return, leaning up to latch his mouth on Sherlock's neck. He moaned deeply, feeling the tenderness with which John kissed him.
"You're late." She sang at him. "I thought you weren't going to come at all, it was going to be ever so disappointing." She giggled, standing up off of John. John didn't turn to look at Sherlock and Sherlock kept his gaze focused on Kitty. He sneered slightly as he realized John's ring was bloodied and slid over Kitty's right thumb. She twirled the scalpel and giggled again. The woman was completely deranged, her eyes wild and crazy as she approached Sherlock.
“The menders,” She replied firmly, not letting Sherlock intimidate her. “As I have always been since he saved the lives of my family.”
Isn't Hamish adorable?!
? He began to shake slightly, the threat of another panic attack immanent and decided he was going to leave the room. He looked up flashing an angry and hurt look at Irene before beginning to move, not even trying to conceal his feelings. Just as he moved to step away Sherlock's hand slid up over his left shoulder tightening down and locking him in place. He squeezed his shoulder in what was meant to be a reassuring way but it sent a clear message to Irene.
"Where is my brother?" He tried to smooth over the situation.
"Was I ever?" He breathed as their lips collided.
"Do not be so hasty." Sherlock teased, slipping out of his dressing robe - which was all he was wearing.
"Christ, he's okay." Lestrade's voice interrupted as he almost ran into the room. "Glad to see you're awake, John." Lestrade handed Sherlock a coffee and Sherlock smiled in appreciation.
“Do you have a place to reside for the duration of your visit?” Mycroft asked before he could stop himself.
"Oh sod off." He laughed.
"Good boy." John replied and then put the bottle away. He moved into the kitchen and put the kettle on before losing himself staring out the window.
"How do you even know what
"Well you're going to be with me Greg, so you can make sure I am." Sherlock spoke softly, sitting back down and blinking back his emotion. "We're having a New Years get together, the three of us. Mrs. Hudson will be out of town visiting her sister so we'll have the run of the place to ourselves."
"Yes he does." Sherlock agreed and Hamish giggled.
"My... Mycroft..." Sherlock panted, sinking down so he braced over John on shaking arms. His voice tight and desperate with need, tinged with disbelief as the desire rolled through him.
Comments always, always welcome!
Irene had just walked out the door and the two of them were alone in the steadily increasing vacuum of the living room. John could feel how Sherlock's body had tightened, read in his face how utterly helpless he was feeling in the moment, and understood in that instant no matter what they both lost. He'd taken a deep breath to strengthen himself before he finally pried his voice loose of his throat. They were both in complete shock over her sudden arrive and departure.
" John grunted and made it look like he was in pain.
"No... I want to claim you." He was almost begging. "I want to claim you before he touches you." His mouth greedily returned to John's pushing him back into the pillar of the gazebo.
5 - Series 3 - So here's the thing. I enjoyed Series 3, I think it gave my little JohnLock brain a lot more material to work with and several more fears to consider but it will NOT be a part of this story with any relation to the way it occurred in canon. Just in case you haven't seen it I shall leave no spoilers here for you, but some events will be included (cases, villians, etc) but John/Mary will be temporary if at all and their canon story will not evolve the same here.
leave John’s side for any reason!” He snapped, striding back to their room to change.
"Have you known?"
“You are an infuriating beast, Sherlock.” James growled as he got even closer. “I will wipe that smirk from your face and make you whine like the whore you are.” His voice was darker still.
"Good thing we're in the middle of nowhere then." He yawned and stretched, hissing slightly.
"I was wondering if you were ever going to teach me." John smiled as he sat up and kissed Sherlock softly. "Yes I am ready." He crossed his legs, facing Sherlock and watching him intently.
meant nothing." Sherlock demanded, clearly sulking as he sank back on the couch.
"You've also been studying and cataloguing my pain responses, to find the limits of my pain/pleasure threshold. Studying my reactions to the various ways you touch me, grab my hair, the way you claim me."
"It's nothing tied to..." Lestrade paused, not entirely sure how to label the situation, "It's nothing very adventurous. It's just a double homicide that we can't seem to quite..."
"He tried to enter your mind, Sherlock. Without being trained! It required Anthea and I to work for two days to bring him out of the sickness. He refuses to sleep, to take blood, and he is utterly distraught because you, my infantile brother, did not adequately prepare him for life with you!" Mycroft's voice was low and deadly. Sherlock's attention snapped back to Mycroft and there was only breathing room between them as they stood toe to toe.
“A concession easily granted. We leave in a fortnight. We will spend a short time in France to ensure our Coven House there is in order, then we will finish his journey. You will travel to the coast in your carriage, however, I do ask that you remain with the group at all times.” He looked as if he would say more, but both noted how tightly John was gripping his chair.
"Oh John, my little one, you do not know what you ask of me." He whispered and leaned down letting their mouths connect again. Mycroft let his hand trail over John's neck, shoulders, arms, and chest. Offering fluttering touches that caressed his skin and his aura as they went. John groaned softly, trying to push up into Mycroft's touch but Mycroft simply held him in place. He cradled John's face again, his hand on John's right cheek, slowly pulling their lips apart.         "I would love nothing more than to lay claim to you, my darling. Alas I cannot. You are Sherlock's mate and without him present I will not do anything to compromise that. Sleep now, let your body rest as it changes. I will stay here and hold you. When night falls and Sherlock returns together we will show you just how incredibly special you are." John whimpered again but Mycroft kissed him several times to silence his protests. He wrapped John in the blanket carefully, situating him against his own body and caressing his back until he felt him sink into a deep sleep.
"You're foul." Marcus snapped and he punched Sherlock hard. Sherlock faltered and tried to recover. "You tainted my boy. He was..."
"He is complete. All that remains is your bond, however you cannot complete that now. We must speak with his family tomorrow." Mycroft stood and kissed John's forehead. He grunted and grabbed for him but he couldn't reach him. "No my little one. You stay and rest. Sherlock will protect you." Mycroft nodded to his brother. Sherlock pulled John to him and sank back against the headboard.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My love, you are so foolish when you speak like this. For months now you speak as if every moment will be our last together.” Sherlock kissed him deeply. “I will never let any harm come to you if it is within my power to stop it.”
"That man is dangerous, brother." Mycroft's voice simply appeared beside him, startling him slightly. "Lord Moriarty is of utmost concern to us." Mycroft leaned back against the railing, his sharp jacket a stark contrast to it.
"Come on!" He demanded, "We need to go now."
"Let them talk." He looked right at John and winked, smiling the smile he only gave to John. John looked down a little embarrassed.
“How did you manage to keep your idiot brother away?" Marcus purred, pacing slightly.
it." John teased right back, allowing Sherlock to help him out of his own coat. "I mean it, please thank them Greg."
Rest, recovery, and reunion are in order for the Watson-Holmes family.
"There's only one explanation, John..." Sherlock whispered. "The wing in my mind palace, the one that's locked... It's..."
Sherlock kept playing as John cleared away breakfast and continued tidying up. John felt ashamed of the state of the flat, knowing that he had put no effort into things because he felt he'd had no reason. He also felt fear that somehow this was going to prove to still be a dream or some figment of his own imagination. It seemed having Sherlock there gave him a burst of energy that he had not had in ages, so he capitalized on it to continue his work. After John finished the kitchen and began straightening the living room, Sherlock abandoned the violin instead moving about so he was close to John. At first the action seemed to tell John that Sherlock was desperate to be near him, but it became clear to him quickly that Sherlock was supervising him. He began to grow agitated, feeling hemmed in. When he crossed the living room and Sherlock moved to sit in his chair, he finally spoke up.
“We can’t work together if we take him, we’ll have to divide our time. We work so much better when we can look things over at each other’s side.” John argued in a small voice.
-Youngest son of a wealthy man, male line eliminated.
alive." Silence fell between them for a long time before John finally got the courage to ask the question burning inside of himself.
"Lestrade, thank them all for me. It's going to be awhile before I can write and I think we both know his penmanship is horrible." Lestrade laughed.
"I know. I don't ever expect you to forgive me. I only hope that we can build something new now that your father is gone and I can truly make up for how badly I let him injure your heart." She sighed and closed her eyes. "It's hard for me because I can still see you that summer. I can still see the tears on your cheeks, the hollowness in your eyes, and that gold key around your neck. How broken you were because of what your father did. I saw that look every night before I fell asleep. It was the same look you had in your eyes when your father tried to stop you from divorcing us and when I came to the hospital after you were injured. You were ready to just give up on everything, to just pass out of the world because there was nothing left for you in it. No person let alone a seven year old should experience that..."
"Arr, well Pirate Prince Hamish, give me my sword." He demanded, holding out his hand. "A Pirate Prince... No, the Pirate King is nothing without his sword!" Sherlock announced grandly and taking the sword from Hamish rounded on John. "And you scurvy curr, just what are you doing standing around like an idle fish?!" He poked John in the chest with the sword. "Find me scarf, now Captain!" Hamish giggled and stood behind Sherlock, grabbing his leg. He'd lowered the eye patch over his left eye.
“Bad timing,” Sherlock chided but kissed him all the same. He moved to say something when both their phones went off. They both looked confused, knowing that Mycroft had just left and ripped their phone from their pockets in haste.
“Moran is at the hotel across the way,” John announced softly, his mood softening to the confusion of the others. “I saw him enter moments ago.”
“There are many reasons why I have been sent here. Though why I am here tonight is my own doing.” Gregory said softly as he walked over to lean on the railing beside Mycroft, his full attention focused on the man before him. “I have come to England on behalf of Their Royal Highnesses to inform you that we received your letters as well as letters from some of our affiliate covens here, explaining the situation that is before us. While the Tribunal’s ruling has silenced any action we might take in Sherlock’s stead, I can assist you and your coven through this difficult time. My Ladies also offer my services as a token of our faith that you will align with our clan and our missions.”  Greg smiled as he looked at Mycroft, their eyes locking for a moment. “I am here tonight as I wished to meet you.” He smiled even more broadly and Mycroft’s eyes locked with the other man’s gaze.
"It is true. You have already known that I love you just as my brother does. Nothing of that has changed. You are our mate. His husband, my fledgling, our lover." Mycroft promised.
“Where?” John and Sherlock both asked at the same time and the four of them laughed for a moment, Hamish looking confused.
"Good morrow, Lord Holmes." John said standing quickly and bowing a bit. "I have come as you requested. I am deeply grateful for the escort home last evening as I have heard a woman was attacked and left to die in the forest shortly after our departure."
"M-Mycroft..." Sherlock whined, panting for breath. Mycroft smirked and moved behind Sherlock, pushing his fingers in deeper. "Oh my dear God, brother what are you doing? " He panted incredulously, gasping as Mycroft stroked that bundle of nerves.
"I am glad to know Mycroft knew our history, especially since he was responsible for bringing us together at Baker Street in the first place. Otherwise my complete lack of belief in fate would be foundering right now." Sherlock's smirk was wide.
"Ah yes I forgot, Sherlock Holmes is in my head now."
4 - Flight - Only mentioned here as my vampires in my original fiction work possess this ability. None of the vampires in this story do.
Their mouths met again, but it was so different this time. Soft, passionate kisses that threatened to pry every ounce of emotion from their bodies as they sank further and further into the moment. Sherlock cradled John's face and John's hand wrapped in Sherlock's hair as they pressed against each other. They came together frantically almost desperately as they tried to show everything with their actions. Sherlock stood and taking John's hand led him up the stairs to their room, absolutely determined to remind John of every reason he chose to become his husband.
"On our way home, back to England. We shall try to find Moriarty when we arrive." He sighed; looking down as he gently ran his fingers through John's hair. "My mender, I am terribly sorry this has happened. I should not have allowed you two to travel alone. I knew something would happen and I could have protected you." He dropped his head to John's shoulder in exhausted relief. "I am pleased you have awoken. We almost lost you both in one day."
“By God do not torment me!” Sherlock demanded, clawing into John’s back.
"Please... Let me..." John whimpered, clawing at Mycroft as the elder brother held him by the shoulders.
"Teach me." John demanded earnestly, gripping Sherlock's dressing gown tightly.
"This is not what nature intended! Man with man! Woman with woman! It's wrong! That's why I killed James! Because he brought shame to this Order! Just like that man you married! All of them tainted." He raged and his eyes were wild and unhinged. John tensed, clutching Hamish more protectively. "But I can fix you, even if I have to bleed it out of you."
“I think that’s all I can do for now.” Sherlock said suddenly standing, it was a lie all three of them knew it. But Sherlock clearly realized there was something deeper at work here for John and wanted to speak with him about it alone. “I’ll need to review the other case files and then I can let you know more.”
in the kitchen trying to make tea. His mind clearly not in sync with his hands. John knew what the effort meant and he let it soften his anger and hurt. They'd both wandered in darkness alone for almost a year and now together again they had no idea how to interact anymore. Both aching inside, both hollowed out from a year of regret.
"H-how?" John groaned, trying to claw at his chest. James kept his arms pinned and nuzzled the spot where John's necklace should have been, causing violent panic to rise in John's stomach. His eyes went even wider.
“God you always make the most beautiful sounds.” Sherlock purred as he pulled up off John with a wet noise.
“Did Queen Kyna ever tell you about the powers of the Solvanaar bloodlines?” Gregory’s confusion deepened.
watch you two pleasure each other sometime very soon." He promised darkly and Sherlock flushed.
"So you are correct, I do not fear your heritage, however I do feel you are saying I fear something..." He swept closer, reaching towards John but stopping again.
"Not 'just' John," Sherlock sat up straighter as his eyes locked with John's and the words just effortlessly flowed from his mouth. "Never just John," His tone was soft and full of emotion but his eyes sparkled with their normal enthusiasm for something he considered to be entertaining. "
“My love has not gone; however, we have both been changed by our experiences. We will need to learn who the other is now. To embrace the journey and let it make us stronger.” He leaned down and peppered small kisses all over John’s face, trying to reassure him.
"Oh..." Sherlock paused, looking confused and conflicted. "Lestrade called about one of the cases..." He suddenly felt as if going to Scotland Yard was not the best idea, his face tightened as he tried to understand the moment before him.
"You sound like such a prat when you say things like that. Those idle minds paid our bills for quite awhile."
“It’s got the same M.O. as some of those unsolved cases you keep an eye on.” Greg shrugged.
"You're really asking me that?" He let his surprise show and was rewarded with a small smile. He nodded. "I knew there was something when we first met, adoration maybe?" He mused, pausing in his eating. "You just rattled off my whole life in a series of seconds. It was and is incredible. The feelings came and went over and over, surfacing more strongly when we were in danger or you weren't taking care of yourself. But there was no more denying how I felt when I found myself thinking of all the
(See the end of the chapter for
- But his shoulders sagged, his eyes were lowered -
"I do not know what..." He began, fighting the emotion in his voice.
"It hurt you know..."
- The tire tracks indicated a car slightly bigger than a normal sedan but not quite a limo.
mate." He gently rubbed John's back. John pulled his head up to look at Mycroft, disbelief in his eyes.
"That would be lovely. Thank you." She hugged John softly. "Get well soon. If you need anything just call." She handed him his phone.
Just before their second wedding anniversary Harry gave birth to Hamish. Sherlock insisted that they name him Hamish (John’s middle name) and John retaliated by insisting that they also honor his Godfather, Lestrade. Sherlock had initially been reluctant about allowing Greg Lestrade to be Hamish’s Godfather, but that was quickly determined to be something Sherlock would have to deal with because John refused to budge. When Hamish was just over a month old Harry moved into a new flat-share and slowly began to stop contacting John. Within three months she had met a new girlfriend, gone through a bad breakup, and relapsed into drinking. When she finally came back into John’s life she demanded his help. Sherlock refused to help her, utterly convinced she had no true intentions of stopping her alcohol habit this go round and encouraged John not to help her. John did his best to help her; unable to turn away from his sister, but between assisting Sherlock with cases and caring for Hamish he didn’t have much time to spare. Then, just two months ago she had been killed in a motor vehicle accident that was seemingly her own fault.
"What's going on then?" John cut straight to the point. Mycroft had to concede that he was at least good at sticking to the facts. "Don't try to say this was just a friendly visit. You were just here and we all know you only come to visit so quickly when something has happened. Especially when you come personally," There was curtness to John's words but much less than there had been on any other occasion. Mycroft was somewhat moved by the extra effort at congeniality that John was putting forth and in that one moment he understood that Sherlock and John had a bond that he didn't exactly like but that Sherlock desperately needed.
“I can’t talk about it right now Sherlock… I can’t.” John looked upset and Sherlock let his fingers intertwine with John’s. "It's too much." There were tears in John's eyes.
Sherlock woke quickly when he heard Anthea knocking on the door. He knew it was her because her knock was inpatient. She opened the door when he responded.
"No frowning on your wedding day." John scolded softly, grinning. Was he still suffering the effects of the herb? Well yes but not entirely. Suffering wasn't
trouble. Sherlock, I believe Baker Street is no longer safe. This is evidence to support my theory. I believe that John has a bigger target on him than even you are capable of seeing. I think you are clearly incapable of protecting him on your own and as such I think you should come
"A knife, Sherlock?" John grunted but Sherlock simply smirked. John sighed with displeasure but Sherlock kept smirking.
"You knew how he felt all this time. You knew he loved me." John's voice was almost demanding as he looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes. The fire burned between them and Sherlock's eyes were dark with lust.
"Are you ready?" Sherlock asked him, leaning up to kiss him.
"Oh I have and will be again. And likely our brother." He laughed with her. They were both a tad nervous each concerned about the possessiveness of their respective husbands and about the fact that their husbands often spoke ill of the other's mate. She continued her efforts smoothing his collar, trying to mollify his nerves because she assumed (rightly so) they were in regards to her groom.
“You heard my words.” He growled almost daring Mycroft to interrupt him. “I have seen from his memories what you have done to him. Though he is too kind to see the torment you wrought. I saw how at every turn of this horrid affair you have betrayed his trust and his heart. You abandoned him to his grief, to his darkness, and then to Moran’s devices. You swore to both of us that you would protect and care for him, that you treasured his heart, and you are nothing but a liar.” The darkness in Sherlock’s voice was so powerful that a momentary flicker of fear passed through Mycroft’s eyes. “Your words mean nothing and if it was not for the fact that I know that his recovery requires safety, and the best safety we have for the moment is here, I would take him and leave this instant.” His voice was low, dark, and full of anger. “You have your mate now, mine will be free of your torments.” He turned crisply on his heel, nearly shoving his back into his brothers face before heading quickly for the door.
- fairy tales with hunters...
“Lord Holmes, a sailor just informed me that another boat was commissioned to return to England and I am rather certain I saw your brother being taken on board it.” George looked worried.
"What actually happened? How come you two lost touch?" Greg asked with rapt attention. "I mean it sounds like you two were very close..."
"Wait..." Greg started but Hamish made an angry noise and he just held up his hands in surrender.
"So we will accept your offer if it still stands." He continued, trying to keep his voice as even as he could.
"Will you take me again?" He flushed red and Mycroft smiled. He pulled him up out of the tub and lay him on a rug on the floor, he retreated to the bedroom finding the oil and ensuring Sherlock was not laying there brooding. Sufficiently pleased his brother was still asleep, he returned to his groaning fledgling and coated his fingers and his cock with oil.
" He sat down on the couch across from them, looking John over in silence.
. "Because, Sherlock," He said his name with a huge wave of emotion behind it, "I don't know what the
. John sighed softly again, trying to let the anger go. "There were too many things we didn't say. To many times that we both gave each other the look we gave each other last night and nothing happened. So many times that... I walked away. All I had left when you were gone was regret. After someone sent me those pictures I gave up. What was the point? There was the evidence that the man I admire more than anything, a life I cared for more than my own, a man I
“These are lies!” Sherlock raged, rounding on Mycroft who grabbed his arms.
"He tried before?" Sherlock demanded, stopping his pacing again.
"It makes all the difference in the world. It is only within the last two generations that my line has finally expanded beyond the borders of the city. The fallen families wish to collect us and the hunters to destroy us for our mixed abilities. The only reason I have been kept safe is that they all believe I am dead. They believe that the Rowan's killed me years ago."
“My apologies Lord Moriarty, I have had much business to attend to and a gravely sorrowed coven to care for.” Mycroft’s tone was curt Sherlock looked at him with a furrowed brow, pulling his mask up to see his brother better. Mycroft looked away and when he looked back it was to find that James had already escorted Sherlock away.
husband and
"John, my little one, it is nothing like that." Sherlock promised and lifted his chin. "You are not boring. Do not let the lies of your family continue to cloud your mind." Their eyes locked and Sherlock read John like a book.
“Oh look at you, look at you!” She exclaimed, holding him back to survey him. “You don’t look so bad considering all you’ve been through.” She turned then to Sherlock and smiled warmly, holding out her hand. “Sherlock, it’s been many years. I’m not even sure if you remember being here. I see you opted for a different career?” She asked softly as he shook her hand. John’s brow quirked and he looked almost astonished. “Oh look at this handsome little man.” She knelt down and looked at Hamish.
"I'm trying John. I am. You're not the only one haunted by that day," His voice was so different in this moment, revealing so much to John about the man who claimed he never felt. John's mouth parted slightly as he let the words, touches, and tones sink into his body. "I may have been at the top of that building but I could see your face. I could hear the way your voice shook." Another breath caught in John's chest, followed another tremor. The touch on his skin deepened, pressing with gentle firmness against him. "Stay in this moment with me, John. Feel my skin against yours." Gentle but firm commands that flew right in the face of John's anxiety and slow cooling anger. The touch swept up his back making the embrace stronger and short circuiting John's brain. "I'm trying to make everything right again John, but I know now I can't do that alone. I need you. You are what makes me, me." His voice was barely audible as he admitted something so deeply personal. John felt how the words wrapped around his heart. It was so much stronger than four little letters. It was terrifying and beautiful. It was all he'd ever wanted and yet it scared him to death. But he wasn't alone in those feelings. He could hear them in Sherlock's uneven breath, feel them in the tiny tremors than shook under Sherlock's skin, sense it in the gaze that was looking over the top of his head. The anger bled away quickly leaving a raw ache behind.
"What?" John paused. "Oh, no."  John smirked. "I'm... Moving on." He offered.
"You're immigrating." She sighed sadly. John looked at her with some confusion.
“It is nothing.” John parroted, his attention never wavering from the wall.
Sobs followed him the entire way, sobs and the soft murmur of his brothers voice. Each sob felt like a knife in Sherlock’s heart but he could not find the reason why in his mind. He paced angrily through the library, unknowingly picking the same track John had worn into the floor when Sherlock was first taken. He paced endlessly, his anger and emotion whirring away inside of him. None of it made sense! This man… Sherlock did not know him! How could there be such pictures of them?! He had been married to James for so long, too long for there to have been any other marriage. His thoughts raced as he paced back and forth, back and forth for hours. After some time the sobs died down and faded completely leaving a hollow silence that Sherlock did not like any better. As he kept pacing his eyes fell on a long row of tomes that were unlike any other in the library. They were handbound and, as Sherlock discovered when picking on up, handwritten. He looked at the spine and frowned.
"You would if you thought it would somehow help me.Now come on, you need to go back to bed." He tried to move him but John didn't budge.
Sherlock was going insane he could feel the lust in his mates' body, he could feel the tenderness, the ache that was growing. It was maddening. He was going to storm back into the chamber, he would have John for himself - but George stopped him again. Once Sherlock fed from one of the many servants the Holmes family employed to provide safe means for the coven to feed, George led him to his room and locked him in. He raged about for a few minutes before sinking down on the bed and letting out several tears of frustration.
Ah, so they'd reached a point of John's feelings. Obviously the visits had irritated John just as much as Mycroft. Also apparent to Sherlock was that Mycroft's behavior had not been any better than John's in the most recent series of visits. Sherlock paused as his mind absorbed the details of the scene before him.
He found the bottles of scented oils next to the bed, knowing they were put there by Mycroft for his little
"Yes. I do." Another sigh. "Moriarty wants Sherlock, Moran wants me."
"Brother..." Sherlock began to protest, moving towards Mycroft as if to offer him some sort of comfort before freezing and looking down. His face was tight with pain.
"I'm..." Sherlock smiled. "Glad you came."
“Sherlock, you are my world,” John whispered, looking up into his love's eyes. “You found me amongst the weeds and managed to grow a garden in my soul.”
"Thank you." John smiled and kissed her other cheek, leaving her beaming. He hugged Hamish as well.
Once they arrived in Germany the Coven settled into the top floor of a hotel at the base of the mountain path leading to their manor. Mycroft spent many mornings at the manor, overseeing the repairs and leaving the remainder of the Coven to their own devices at the hotel. John and Sherlock spent many lazy days, simply enjoying their time together, and many evenings in the hotel bar watching people come and go. Some afternoons John could tempt Sherlock to sit in the garden with him, deducing the people that passed by in the street. John still behaved oddly, disappearing in the afternoons into some unknown corner of the hotel and often writing hastily in one of his journals. After nearly a month in Germany, Moriarty finally made himself known to the group.
"So soon after Sherlock?" Her tone betrayed her worry.
"Mistakes mean we're human Sherlock. But you're already worked on counteracting that. You made a call and in my opinion, it was the best one you could have made. You came home and you let me in." John whispered as he reached out and let his hand come to rest on his tags over Sherlock's chest.
"Never, my love. Never." Sherlock promised and he bit down on his own wrist, offering it to John. John fought, trying to pull away however the hunger inside him was overwhelming. He began to suckle on the proffered wrist much the way a babe might suckle its' mother, settling down as the blood lulled him into comfort and a half sleep. Sherlock's attention never faltered from his love, still cradling him and rocking him gently.
His heartbeat raced as he looked over every detail in the way only he could, The amount of emotion and sentiment it conveyed to him was overwhelming.
"Were you expecting more?" Sherlock turned to him a bit confused. He was actually quite fascinated that John was able to put the pieces together so quickly on his own.
"Is that a trait of doctors?" Sherlock asked, teasing. "Not wanting another doctor's opinion?"
"The gas leak was obvious, some sort of trap has been set in Baker Street. It is likely set to go off on New Year's, a sentimental symbol, and will likely be triggered exactly a half an hour after midnight - the exact moment that
"Nein, ich kann nicht." Jacob tensed, he moved to say something else but John cut him off.
Sherlock stared after him for a long time until he realized John was making an extraordinary amount of noise in the kitchen. He moved to find out what was going on and John was slamming around, shoving pans and cups back into their places with as much noise as possible. He looked up and Sherlock slid into a chair at the table. Sherlock was surprised at the force with which John was working.
“I think he's just enjoying the ego boost.” John said dismissively. “We ought to get dressed; Mrs. Hudson and Molly should be here shortly.”
“J-John?” Sherlock mumbled, his voice shaking as arousal warmed him.
2) Sherlock, John, and Mycroft will refer to her using emphasized gender specific terms: /her/, /she/, /The Woman/ - this is in keeping in line with the statement John made to Mycroft at the end of Incident in Belgravia stating that Sherlock referred to her only as 'The Woman'
"I will do my best." John's voice was soft as he let a few tears fall.
John took a slow shaking breath that hitched when Sherlock suddenly swept around and caged him in the chair. Sherlock's eyes burned into his, seeking answers to thousands of unanswered questions as his rage built and swirled in his eyes violently. Sherlock leaned forward and claimed John's mouth in a furious kiss, full of possessive passion. He straddled John in the chair, one hand finding its way into his hair and pulling his head back for better access. Sherlock forced his tongue into John's mouth, claiming him and not caring who might be near them to see. He kept kissing him, his aura pushing down on John's until John's entire body felt like it was no longer solid. Sherlock growled darkly against his mouth and clawed into his sides as he slid their bodies together and forced John to relent to him.
"I'm sorry love, is your tooth hurting again?" John asked softly, putting his forehead against the little boys.
"John," Sherlock tensed, he wanted to say something. To say the
"Greg, Molly?" He called and waited for them to answer. "Would one of you please come up here and help John eat so I can give Hamish a bath. He apparently decided wearing his soup was preferable to eating it." He heard both of them chuckle and then Greg came up the stairs.
"It is too noisy." He replied hoarsely.
"I like that..." He smiled, his sleepy fist balling up on John's chest.
"H-harder." He barely breathed as he forced out the words, shouting when Mycroft replied with his actions. Sherlock met John's mouth with liquid heat and the two dissolved into the fire as all three of their bodies sank into the desperation for release that burned like white hot metal between them. Sherlock could do nothing but follow the pace set by his brother as Mycroft enjoyed the feel of claiming them both.
"Obvious, trite, and boring," Sherlock snapped. Her hand trembled on the pistol grip and just as she focused herself to fire she shrieked, a gunshot ringing out through the building. Kitty dropped to her knees, a bullet hole through her right leg. Donovan tackled her and pinned her
"Home?!" Sherlock snorted with both anger and irate amusement. "Are you insane?"
"Hush now, little one." Mycroft smacked his thigh gently and John arched as lighting shot through his body. He whimpered but stopped speaking. "You want to be touched do you not?" He asked firmly.
had lunch he means." John smirked as he came out. "Thanks for sitting with him." He smiled at Lestrade but his face was tightened with emotion, clearly showing that he was annoyed by something.
"You're mine." Sherlock growled in reply, kissing him.
“I did not realize this had affected the entire coven so poorly. You must be kind with me, as to explain fully I must go back quite a way,” He said it softly, hoping to dissuade the other, though it was not long before it became clear nothing was to deter Gregory from the answers he sought. John began from the very beginning, explaining first how John had become a vampire, then how Moriarty struck, Sebastian’s many betrayals, his time as a captive, and Sherlock’s return to their memories. He talked until his voice was horse, frowning when he realized Gregory was looking at him with mixture of awe and admiration.
"Christ, two of you?" Lestrade sighed and ran his hand over his face. "Really, I never expected to hear you sound so much like him John. Mycroft's right though, I should have. You two just be careful alright."
"It's the other arm. You got shot in the left shoulder in Afghanistan." He put his hand on John's and the effect drew John's attention. "This will heal."
John felt a blush rise on his cheeks, realizing that Sherlock was clearly being rude as he felt slighted that his alone time with John had been interrupted. He cleared his throat, leaving behind the barely eaten biscuits. He took the file and flicked through the information. He looked over the images of the two women and the crime scenes they were found in, though it caused his stomach to flip. As he was just about to closely inspect one of the images, the file was snapped out of his hand and thrust back into Lestrade's. John was taken aback by the anger on Sherlock's face.
"Lestrade," Lestrade's face tightened almost immediately. "What?" He sighed heavily. "Donovan, Donovan! Slow down." He paced slightly. Sherlock's entire attention turned to Lestrade, which was like having the force of the sun bear down on you and you alone. Lestrade tried to focus on Donovan's words. "Where?"
"Sherlock?" It was Mrs. Hudson, her tone clearly showing a bit of frustration. Sherlock laughed quietly at the look on John's face. John was panting for breath and really not interested in seeing Sherlock walk away from the moment. Sherlock pushed his hips into John again, pinning him back against the wall.
"No." John's voice caught under the force of his attention. "But I can't lie and say I don't feel anything about it. Because lying won't get us anywhere, it'll only ruin what we've started." He sighed but didn't pull away. Trying to keep his voice even. "I'm jealous, Sherlock. I'm beyond jealous.I didn't even know
"We'll see in a few years, then I'll have a true comparison." John laughed too.
sorry to disturb you two," She shouted through the door, "However you have not fed in three days and there is someone here to see you."
“Father! Father help me!” Moriarty wailed at Moran, who simply turned and walked away.
"Where did you find him?" Sebastian cut in, growling.
"You..." His voice caught.
Mycroft had engineered it so that the cooking fire used to make food for the mortal servants and to heat the house ran underneath of it, making the tub maintain a warm temperature during the evenings. He gently cradled John in his arms as George returned with an elegant sleeping robe and draped it over a chair in the bath room. Mycroft nodded and George returned to Sherlock to guard him as he slept. Mycroft slowly set John in the tub before following him in, holding him close without doing anything else for the moment.
"Well I'm going to make sure I don't blog about that, the last time you were stumped we broke part of the internet." The two of them laughed and then sat in a comfortable silence for a long time.
Mycroft set the pace, a soft but determined speed that drove both of the lovers insane. Slowly he built John up and then stopped, forcing him to stop as well, before beginning again. Then just as he felt John's body begin to tighten he sank his teeth into John's exposed neck. John and Sherlock shouted as they tumbled over the edge together and within a few moments Mycroft followed behind, his mouth still latched onto John's neck. Sherlock sat up, gently letting John fall out of him before taking a spot on his chest to bite down and help Mycroft drink him. John sagged against them, his eyes again half closed and Sherlock carefully shifted him down onto the bed. Mycroft sliced his wrist open and pressed it to John's mouth groaning loudly as John eagerly began to drink. He let John drink for longer than the night before and slowly pulled away. Admiring him for a moment before leaning down to kiss his bloodstained lips. Sherlock tensed but allowed the kiss, knowing that jealousy of John's bond with Mycroft would become poison to their own bond. John clung to Sherlock's shoulder as he buried his face against his chest, panting for breath and struggling to remain awake.
“NO,” They heard Hamish shout suddenly and they both ran to the living room just in time to see Hamish toss his teddy bear at the TV. “RED NOT BLUE! Look at the shape! ” The little boy yelled as he was watching one of those children shows that pretends to ask the audience for input. John doubled over laughing and Sherlock simply consented to look slightly sheepish.
"I'll murder him if he comes here, John. He'll never see you again. I'm going to fix this for you. You've always followed the wrong path, letting your soft Uncle influence you. I'm going to make this right, you'll be happier than you ever were with that man."
"Why are you so angry?" Sherlock asked softly, leaning against the wall near the door. His voice cutting straight through John's angry internal mutterings.
“Away again? Why must you always leave?” He demanded petulantly.
"How... Oh..." Sherlock blushed. It was true, comparing the two witness accounts would sharpen his mind. "Oh alright..."
“I’ll send you everything we’ve got. Anything else?” Greg asked and was surprised when John spoke up. Three years and he'd still not gotten use to the fact that John was getting just as fast as Sherlock.
"Oh God..." John's voice cracked as tears leaked free. Sherlock understood instantly that John had been locked in a nightmare of dread; one that told him Sherlock might not be alive. A memory of the last time they’d stretched their hands out to one another and only one of them went home. He could only imagine the intense emotion that had been trapped inside John’s heart and mind for two days."You're okay..." He whispered meekly.
Also if you're interested in teasers/updates on my writing status check me out on tumblr: http://hollyglow.tumblr.com/
“You have poisoned your blood?!” He demanded angrily, grunting as John easily maneuvered him. “What have you done?!”
"Good." Sherlock smiled and he kissed John over and over until he felt his body go slack in his arms.
“Oh, hello Mrs. Hudson, how are you?” Sherlock stopped and tried to soften himself a bit.
“What’s with all this feeling stuff?” Lestrade asked gruffly, downing his third beer.
A vicious storm has finally come, first in the form of a sickness and then in the form of a man with a score to settle.
“Yes, the herbs in the pill were fairly common mortal poisons. There were however several background herbs that…” John began, his hands clenched and his body tight with fear and rage.
There will be a lot of time skipping ahead in the next few chapters and some Mystrade coming up. Don't worry I promise, absolutely promise if you stick this out there will be a happy JohnLocky ending!
"There is still fire raging in my blood. I am rather grateful you did not allow me to drink your glass as well." He conceded, smiling as Sherlock wrapped around him.
"I am, I don't have a choice." Mycroft sighed at John's face. "Don't worry, Georgina has arranged someone to come and help care for Hamish and Sherlock. Someone you will appreciate." Mycroft looked up as a woman hesitantly walked in the door.
They both drank, displeased to learn they had been sleeping for almost two days, most of which John had not been present. Anthea seemed pleased with the report she'd received and the brothers consented to give John his prerogative in the matter, sinking back to sleep until darkfall the following night. Sherlock woke first, gazing up at his brother with intrigue, watching as he breathed and slept. His form
"That's partially the poison and partially the antidote." He whispered back. But he also knew John was aware of that.
"It's quite the possibility. I can't have
“Sherlock…” John’s voice cracked and Sherlock shuddered.
"I'm not dead." A darkness in his voice, his speech cracking.
“I’ll find a way to help Elizabeth. Please rest.” John pleaded but Elizabeth opened her eyes and gave him a sad smile.
"What about..."
“It can be a holiday of sorts.” Sherlock pressed on.
. Sherlock actually found himself disappointed in that. It had seemed so much more interesting when it looked like a larger family or Order feud. But he didn't have time to wallow in the triteness of it because Jacob snapped him right back to the reality of it.
"I fear nothing of you. You will not leave me to die because I have already become fire in your veins. I became your fascination at least three years ago and now you can no longer put it off. I want to feel it." He pushed his neck into Sherlock's mouth and moaned as Sherlock began to lathe his lips and tongue across it.
” Sherlock’s voice tore through John’s mind as a series of crossbow bolts tore into him in rapid succession. Some remaining lodged others passing through him, until he collapsed. One hand loosely closed around Sherlock’s ring.
"Send George down to the chamber.
including in Sherlock's hair. Hamish was sitting in the middle of the island counter banging on a pot with a wooden spoon Sherlock's pirate scarf wrapped around the little boys head and covered in flour. Sherlock was signing some sort of 'pirate' song while he worked and Hamish was keeping time by banging as loudly as possible on the pot with the spoon. Greg and John were both giggling softly from their vantage point and John was relieved to see that there was actually a plate of scrambled eggs, bacon, and pancakes waiting to be taken to the table. John sighed and Hamish looked up at the same time Sherlock seemed to realize they were there, both of them looking absolutely sheepish as John caught them. John didn't know whether to run away, laugh, or be concerned his husband had lost his mind.
"Oh," No emotion in his voice, just blankness.
“I cannot take much more of this. I need you.” He forced out, the two of them pausing and staring deeply into each other’s eyes. “I need to feel us.”
"Oh..." Sherlock turned away slightly, which John tried to read. Was he blushing? "I knew rather strongly when you actually showed up to view the flat, that there was some important bond, it was later however," He froze, fighting himself. John saw the vulnerability creep onto his face, it made him worry that he was pushing too far too fast. He started to say that he didn't need an answer but Sherlock actually smiled again. "When you saved me from my own stubbornness after knowing me for such a short time, I knew it was something potentially dangerous." His smile slipped and it was clear he didn't like how exposed he felt. He quickly changed his look and added: "We certainly could have had
“Rest now, Sherlock is too far out of your reach for the moment. We must get you back to your coven.” Moran sighed, propping himself up. “It will be dark soon, then you shall have some of my blood and I will return you to your kin.” He promised in a soft voice, using his power to lull the weakened mender into a sense of security in his arms. He felt the moment John went lax and he growled darkly. “You idiot.” He growled. “If you had only remained with me none of this would have happened. You are mine John. That we must continue this charade…” He growled darkly, his eyes looking like they would devour John. “Rest assured my mender I will punish James for what he has done to you. No harm was to come to you, my little one.” A smile crossed his face as a rainstorm blew up around him, providing enough cover from the sun that Moran was able to remove the bolts from John’s body. John groaned and began to wake.
“Greg is right, what’s gotten into you?” His voice caught as he looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, which were glassed over. He spoke in a whisper; to be sure they weren't overheard.
He led John down the hall in his mind, towards a specific door, pushing it open. It revealed a memory of Sherlock's, a small stone house with a small garden. "
"Oh my Elizabeth!" The Duke cried crossing himself before walking over to the bed. He gently brushed the hair off her face, his tears becoming more rapid.
" Mycroft mumbled and stood, he paced over to the window. He could not face John like this, with so much sentiment aching in his chest and John's attention fully fixated on Sherlock.
Before John really had a grasp on things they were back at 221B and the doors closed on the reporters screaming questions at them outside. Just inside the door John grabbed Sherlock and threw him into the wall gently, kissing him with intense fervor. Sherlock grinned and broke the kiss, watching John carefully.
"This is violently unfair, Sherlock Holmes. You told me you understood!" John shoved him back, their bodies close together. Sherlock growled and pressed his mouth against John's.
John made short work of dressing and hastily arrived at Elizabeth's manor. He was ushered inside by one of her servants to a room where she was lying propped up in a large four poster bed. He came in a took her hand, feeling how cold and clammy she was.
"Elizabeth, you are not welcome in our home. I suggest you contact the apothecary to and request the name for a physician nearby. I will not treat you. I wish James a quick recovery and ask you see yourself out." He turned and strode from the room as strongly as he was able.
"Do you want everyone to know?" No emotion, just a question of fact.
"Sherlock, that was not polite." John scolded him, sighing.
"Your body is dying my love," Sherlock's voice was soft, like a whispering wind in his ear. His long fingers dragging across John's back and making him moan loudly. "It is both dying and yet being reborn. Close your eyes." John did as he asked and he moaned even louder. The sensation of touch magnified thousands of times.
"Uthur contacted me and offered me money to retaliate against Marcus and his family for the wrongs he'd committed in the name of the Order. I took the assignment but I told him that you and Harriet were not the same as Marcus. He told me to either find proof of that or to kill you both. Either way he would reward me. So I came to London for awhile and tracked you both. I easily wrote you off because you were with him." He nodded to Sherlock. "You would not have reunited with him if you were following Marcus' plans for you, though I was confused when you kept going out on dates with women. When I contacted Uthur he told me he was glad as he never wanted you to be a target because you were so beloved by James. He vowed in that moment to never harm the favorite nephew of his lover. So I was put on Harriet's trail. I followed her for two years, watching while you two helped her and she bore your son. I was convinced she was not following any plan Marcus might have lain out for her until she met him for dinner one night four months ago."
“I had not considered that; however, Mycroft’s actions were his own. I do not hold a grudge with you, I know what power finding your mate has. I only harbor disappointment that Mycroft did not tend to his duties as he should have.”
"I imagine he will not." John agreed. "I believe you will have made him angry, claiming me like this." He blushed as Sherlock looked into his eyes. "It will be worth it."
John set Hamish down in the bed and helped him snuggle in before he stepped from the room. Sherlock was impatiently pacing the corridor from the hall to the middle of the living room while Greg sat there with his arms crossed. Mycroft stopped John in the hall upstairs.
John groaned and his eyes fluttered closed. Sherlock kept moving so incredibly slowly until John desperately whimpered. Sherlock stood and turned John, positioning him over the low desk in front of the window so that his ass was raised and presented for Sherlock to use, his arms still pinned behind his back. John blushed slightly, his face turned to watch Sherlock. He'd never seen such an intent look on his face.
"Don't worry; we'll take good care of your partner. You're more than welcome to remain here overnight with him." Sherlock nodded but didn't say anything else.
"Oh you are very good..." He purred, removing his hands only to undo his trousers. "I'm not even going to take these off John. I'm going to fuck you with my clothes on." The click of the lube cap, a few moments pause and then John almost shouted. Sherlock pushed into him hard.
"He loved me, this is his vengeance." Kitty snarled, drawing Sherlock's gaze back to herself, her voice becoming dangerous.
“It will not do for someone with as much power and authority as you, Lord Holmes, to remain hidden in the shadows.” His voice drifted softly over Mycroft, causing the shiver to deepen. He regarded the newcomer with a look of interest; surely he had not met the man previously. He would have remembered someone so striking. The man wore an elegant dark suit from another age, his silver hair flashing in the low light of the room even as his eyes glowed vibrantly with pleasure, “It is an honor.” He bowed. Mycroft stood stock still for a long moment, trying to will the heat and eagerness in his body to a more tepid temperature as the man’s gaze met his own. He could feel a pulsing sensation in his chest, as if a string was being wound so tightly between himself and the other man. He finally forced himself to steady and held himself up as firmly as he could.
"So John, does this mean you will not be returning home?" His father asked softly, seemingly confused.
"I was afraid you had been injured or gotten trapped in your mind." He protested, his head falling against Sherlock's chest.
"You are, what is it?" Sherlock demanded.
directly so I may ensure you are well kept and happy.” He leaned forward a bit, his mouth just apart from John’s. John felt how Sebastian’s aura pushed down on his own, how easy it would be for Sebastian to simply overpower him. “I will always protect you
"Alright, you and Donovan with me, we'll go in first and alone. Kitty is going to be waiting for me. She won't expect me to bring you – so that's our advantage. We've already lost two hours and I don't want to waste more. He's not well, it is going to be difficult to see but I need you two on your top game. Whatever happens, do not act until I give the signal." Sherlock's voice was low and deadly, which made both of the officers uncomfortable.
"I wouldn't have 'Mish without Harry..." John looked down.
“I am rather impressed.” His mother spoke quietly. “The changes in your manner so far are incredible,” She sighed. "You have become so refined in so short a period." Her tone was curt, disbelieving, and John flushed just slightly.
"I will see you home safe. You are to come to my manor tomorrow." Sherlock's instructions were firm but once inside the carriage he brought their mouths back together.
"We have fought so many battles side by side, Sherlock. If you had babysat me all the time like you are now we never would have even had the chance. You like that I take risks, that's part of why you chose me as your flatmate. If I had taken the peaceful and easy way out you would have died before we solved our very first case." John sighed as his shoulders sagged under the weight of the emotional burden he was carrying. "It's just... I already feel helpless enough without Mycroft and now you constantly reminding me of how I have failed."
"He's actually right, you're lying." Sherlock said and quirked an eyebrow.
"Yes after you went to sleep last night. I told him we wanted to accept his offer." John moved slightly, putting his hand on Sherlock's chest. Sherlock tensed but out of pleasure, not out of fear.
"Anything for you my love." He promised, trembling as he tried to wrap around John. "Anything."
There was no haste in this moment, only the two of them and all the ages of the world. The two of them were beginning to feel more like themselves, so haste was no longer necessary. The ethereal whispers of the bonding state giving way to the earthy mortal realm. Sherlock set a desperately slow, feverish pace; their mouths struggling to stay together as their breath grew ragged and heavy. Sherlock locked his hands with John's, pushing them up towards the head of the bed, using his own body to lift John's hips slightly and change how he was pushing inside him. John shouted in his mouth and groaned, desperate for the release Sherlock was denying him. Sherlock kept John pinned under him, building the fire inside their bodies steadily but slowly until hours after dark had completely fallen they finally crashed over the edge. John panted for breath, silence descending around them and their eyes locked and burning together. Both of them utterly boneless and wrecked from such a powerful release. Sherlock smoothed gentle kisses over John's face, eyes, and mouth apologizing for tormenting him but not really meaning it. Anthea gave them an hour to recover before loudly knocking on the door.
“There is no time, I need you both at once. This case is very strange, and I need your minds.”
“What did you mean that you told him not to touch me?” John asked after a while.
“Were you able to free him?” John inquired, leaning forward.
"I didn't expect to hear from you, Sherlock." He smirked as he sat down, "Least of all so quickly." He took his usual tone attempting indifference.
“When I heard him speak with you on the boat I did not realize this was his plan,” Mycroft muttered softly, mostly to Gregory but enough that Sherlock heard. Sherlock’s eyes fixated on Mycroft with a hatred and anger the likes of which Gregory had never seen.
“Marcus was going to shoot you; if Jacob had not fired when he did that bullet would have lodged in your chest instead of tearing through your muscles and missing your organs. But you won’t be getting up to anything to strenuous for awhile.”
"I do not have to. I am going to claim you, right here on this floor. Then I'm going to leave you to the wolves." He giggled rolling his hips so he ground down on John, laughing harder as John moaned but tears formed in his eyes. "I am going to break you apart, John. Then I am going to watch as Sherlock finds you. As he discovers you tainted and broken. I shall be present to witness the moment he turns from you and you break. Elizabeth does not even recall that she loosened your necklace yesterday. What a silly thing for the Solvanar elders to decide, mortals can touch our shields. Your shield will not protect you now. Your mind belongs to me."
"How did my silent thinking wake you up?" John didn't move, looking down at Sherlock from his raised position. The effect of it very clearly put John in a dominant position and sent shock waves through both of them. Sherlock groaned softly pretending it was dislike of being awake. But John knew it was because he found their proximity arousing, he knew because he felt it too.
"Yes of course it's a woman!" He tensed, clenching his fist and looking down.
"Oh... If you keep going I'm going to have to abandon my little experiment." Sherlock's voice was husky and full of arousal against his ear. John could feel the heat burning off of him. "And I have four days to torment you. I don't want to waste myself in one go."
"Good morning John," Mycroft's voice had been even and normal but John could see that he was somewhat taken aback by the look on John's face. His umbrella was, as always, at his side and his entire image the same standard angular black and white it always was.
"If you don't stop being so
Several days passed before Sebastian was content he had successfully removed whatever taint had been on the mender on his return. He returned to his usual methods, tormenting and taunting John while abusing him in front of the whole coven. John, for all anyone else could see, still looked broken and battered. He cried out in pain and allowed himself to express every ounce of sorrow he possessed, but Sherlock could see the glint in his eyes, the fire of purpose. And it made him burn. He had grown more restless since his last meeting with John, desperate to taste more of him, to have him all to himself. He found himself lurking near the room where the mender was kept, eager to claim him. John was a fire in Sherlock’s veins and he could not understand it. The herbs he had been given for so many years had easily stripped his mind of the memories, though he knew they were locked inside one of the many rooms in his mind. He didn’t know if he would be able to last a fortnight without taking John for himself.
"He gets too wound up, the two of them feed off each other. If Sherlock is on a case it only takes two days before Hamish starts to follow him around brooding and grumpy just like he is. I think it's because he wants Sherlock's attention but he is too young for me to explain the whole mind palace thing." He sighed. "With me being sick there hasn't been anyone to keep the two of them entertained and the rain only let up last night. So the two of them have been in a right state."
of the things I have struggled against my whole life." His voice was a soft but passionate whisper.
"I do not know why you would have bothered, Sherlock is your mate." Mycroft snapped at him, his jealousy rearing its' head.  John went tight, like a child scolded.
"No. Trust me, he isn't planning on going anywhere." He laughed. "Otherwise he would have left Baker Street when he thought you were dead."
"What happened once you left me?"
"John," He purred in his ear. "I want to take you. I want to take you while you take Sherlock. May I have your permission?" He caressed John's sides, waiting tensely for the answer. John's gaze flicked up to Sherlock's and silently he nodded his acceptance. John flushed.
"Ah." John said softly as realization dawned on him.
"Do you honestly think Moriarty cared about you?" John's voice was normal, it irked her. They weren't here to chat.
"How... Long?" Sherlock croaked as his voice felt scratchy. Mycroft loosened one of the restraints and handed him some water. He sipped it slowly.
"You really aren't upset?" He whispered in reply, their foreheads touching.
“Think nothing of it.” He replied, trying to stand. Sherlock flowed with him, pulling the Mender tightly against himself. John struggled for a moment before giving in and hugging Sherlock tightly. He looked up, watching as Sherlock pulled only a short distance away and met his eyes.
John tried to get up, struggling as he heard Sherlock’s voice. Was he dreaming? Was this another nightmare? Every time he tried to push up, Sebastian pushed him back down. Eventually Sebastian had, had enough – he yanked the mender up and pierced his shoulder, drinking him until the man was on the verge of death. He threw John so his body slammed hard into the wall and he cried out again in pain.
"Ah, I take it John is still ill then?" Mycroft countered. "Yes, then I shall. It will be interesting to meet other members of the Order. Do tell me you packed a suit."
"I am glad to know that." John smiled a bit and took Sherlock's hand in his own as they walked out of the room.
It was only a matter of moments before John tumbled over the edge of his release and took Sherlock with him. Both of them panting as they stared at each other and tried to come back into the world. They lay there, wound together like a thread until a soft knock echoed on the door sometime later.
"You're not pirates," John retorted. "Pirates have a ship."
" Sherlock commanded, he moved up - slicking oil over his cock before burying himself in John. He groaned John's name as he slowly slid his hips back and forth, pumping through John's clenching muscles as John arched and moaned under him. He leaned down so as much of their skin as possible was touching, kissing John deeply until he broke the kiss panting for breath. He turned his head, his neck easily exposing itself to his hunger.
“Are you certain everything is packed?” Mycroft demanded as he looked over the two carriages. “Why must I go without you?” He demanded as Sherlock and John surveyed their things.
Sherlock's addiction to danger comes up against Mycroft's desire to protect John. Mycroft finds himself feeling more for his fledgling than he expected to and Sherlock's jealousy rears it's head.
"You've been here for three days. Erm... Sorry." John said softly, gaining a hum of approval from Sherlock as he did. Sherlock wanted him to explain but he decided not to for the moment, allowing his mother to retain her dignity.
, let him go." She took a deep breath, regaining her composure. "A hunter sent for a target, but failing to return with the prize," She whispered.
“You shall do no such thing.” Mycroft raged.
"I can, I have..."
“My John... Do not fear anymore, I am truly home.”
They settled into their temporary life at Mycroft's estate fairly easily after that. Lestrade came by at least once a week to ask about a case, check in on them, or else just to have dinner with them. They went into the station once a week as well, following up on whatever they were working on. Mrs. Hudson came to visit a few times and John began a relatively structured schedule of waking up early, being hauled into town for physical therapy and doctor's visits, heading to the Yard, and then returning to isolation at the estate. Time flew by and before John had really absorbed everything that was going on he and Sherlock had been at the estate for almost two months. John's arm recovered much faster than the doctors had expected, no doubt owing to the amount of effort he was putting into trying to get back to full strength - but he was still having some trouble with certain motions. His nightmares dwindled until he was only having about one a week and as winter descended on them it was hard to remember that there was still a spider web lying in wait. Which is why John was slightly taken aback when after two months of not speaking about the case at all Sherlock sat him down on the couch to explain what he knew.
“Daddys?” Hamish asked, grabbing Sherlock’s trouser leg. Sherlock smiled.
. She didn't know what it was like to have Sherlock Holmes as the center of your universe and then have nothing. It was like seeing the sun rise every morning, feeling it's warmth, knowing it's dangers and then suddenly one morning nothing but darkness. No rants about the stupidity of those around him, no dangerous chases, no looming danger that they were united together against, no... secret looks, whispers that were denied, touches that... His heart fluttered and then sank as the weight of the things left undone and unspoken settled over him. His anger came and went as he mentally scolded himself. Why had he never told Sherlock the truth? Why had he never asked why he kept looking at him like that? Why he would sneak into his room and watch him? Why hadn't he just admitted that he...
"Yes."
“He remained behind with the mender. Well we believe it is the mender. There is far too much blood to move anything until night falls. Whomever it is they are alive but unwell.” She looked up as George entered the inn.
"I know. I understand completely what is happening but in order for the web to be destroyed we will have to play into it."
“With that, I shall take my leave.” Gregory stood, pulling on his coat.
Some important answers to important questions I have been asked:
When his mind finally seemed to pull itself back together they were both laying on the bed, panting hard. John was utterly wrecked, staring at the ceiling and trying desperately to find rhythm for his breath. It didn't take long though and within five minutes the two of them were laughing, hard. Their breath was still uneven and ragged but the chuckles continued on until John finally rolled over to look at Sherlock, pushing his hair back off his head.
"Wait, are you suggesting we use John as bait?" Lestrade was preparing to lecture Sherlock.
"Alright Sherlock, I get it. You don't have to be a bloody jerk about it. I'll have Sally look into it." Lestrade turned and strode out of the flat.
“If you will not be quiet I will make you quiet.” Sherlock hissed softly, his voice against John’s ear.
for help before he went to you?" She growled. "Oh you didn't know that he asked her for help? I mean he probably could have cracked the code himself but she wouldn't give it to him. So he sent Sherlock to her." John smirked. "No, you obviously are just a foolish girl. He used you and left you behind. This isn't about him though is it? You have some sort of issue..." She cut him off as she turned around.
"I shall never forget. Nor should you forget that he is
Sherlock and Lestrade stepped into the office and Sherlock closed the door. Sherlock looked positively nervous and it took all Lestrade had not to laugh.
"You have been arguing again." His voice was quiet as he could not handle the loudness of it just yet.
Darkness rolled in quickly and the rain opened up on them before they made it to the Cottage. John was rather displeased and very grumpy, but he was not so lost in his own thoughts that he missed Sherlock tensing as they approached the scene of James' murder outside the unused Gardener's Cottage. John quickly saw what made Sherlock tense; a shadow flittered across the window of the cottage. John dropped the case just below the tree outside the cottage and the two of them ducked low outside the cottage moving towards the door and slinking after the shadow. They followed the person as they opened the door to the Cottage and John drew his pistol. He motioned for Sherlock to get behind him and he slowly stepped towards the opened door but did not see the shadow move out of it. As he stepped into the cottage however he received a fierce right hook in the jaw.
"Why wouldn't you want me to know?" Sherlock asked quietly as John gently guided him back into the house, case in hand, as he got the two of them out of the biting cold. He slid the door closed as he replied, trying to keep his voice even.
“Oh no, I ensured he was convicted for the crimes and helped persuade his coven to destroy him.” Sherlock’s grin was almost too much, and John found himself laughing at it.
Mycroft helped Sherlock wrap John in their jackets, doing the best they could to cover him and protect him. He spent several minutes situating the mender firmly in Sherlock's arms before the brothers and George began their journey back home, both Mycroft and George alert for danger. They heard shouting from the house, including Sebastian and Elizabeth but they ignored it in favor of getting John home safe. When they arrived at their manor George was dismissed to secure the perimeter of the house and Mycroft and Sherlock took John down to the room they'd used for his rebirthing. Anthea was waiting with clothing and bloodwine. Mycroft gave her barked instructions and she left, leaving only the three Holmes men behind. Mycroft watched Sherlock and John for a long moment before deciding their first task would be cleaning the mender up. He led the way into the bathroom, ensuring the bath was warm before taking the mender gently from his brother. Sherlock got in the tub and Mycroft lowered John down into his arms before following down into the tub. John stirred and began to wake, tears coming anew.
"You've seen me worse." John's voice was scratchy.
“That man has just finished purchasing jewelry for his wife, whom he is trying to convince he is not having an affair with their neighbor. What his wife has likely not realized yet, it is with their male neighbor.” John smirked and looked at his love, light burning in his eyes.
It took John a few days to recover from the ordeal with Lord Moran though his nerves in no way abated as he waited for a summon from Elizabeth. A week came and passed with no word from her. The servants reported that James had in fact returned home later the same afternoon Elizabeth had been to the Holmes manor, however no summon was sent. As time stretched on John grew more nervous that something terrible was befalling his cousin, so it was of no surprise that he began sleeping less and less as the second and third weeks passed. After a month of no news John was sitting, fully dressed on the sofa in the room he and the brothers had been sharing when a thunderous knocking rang through the house. John was up in an instant, helping the others dress. Mycroft pulled on his dressing gown and moved out of the room to allow Sherlock time to dress.
"Why did you not tell me?" Mycroft demanded, forcing Sherlock off of him.
“Me?” John’s face tightened as he looked at Greg.
“I will not. There is nothing we can do and I will not force myself to suffer more than I already have.” He shouted, spinning to face the two men. He paled some when he saw that Gregory had his hand protectively on Mycroft’s back and turned back to his experiment, his body shivering slightly.
"You already know I accept. I have studied your kind or what is available about them. You will see everything." John nodded and closed the door.
"It's not John. We couldn't have known she would get in that car and we were clear across town." His voice was soft, his tone the one he reserved for speaking to his family. "You have been so strong through all of this, tormented as you tried to help her, your loyal heart fighting against everything including me. Going through our separation, seeing her do so well and then fall back into hell, and then to lose her… To see it end this way is destroying you. Please, John, talk to me." Another kiss pressed against John's ear and neck.
“He was, unfortunately, required to remain in town due to the storm.”
"Have you been with men before?" He asked quickly half blurting the question out and half demanding.
“Come, you need to rest. I know you are masking your exhaustion, I can feel it.” Sherlock scooped John up and carried him over to the bed. Both stripped down to their undershirts and Sherlock tentatively crawled into the bed beside John, unable to stop his grin when John immediately curled against him.
-Low energy, darkened eyes –
could do to him.
"There's something you're not telling me." He whispered softly, making Sherlock's eyes widen.
she was but Sherlock was surprised she'd come at all. She looked up into John's face both of them searching each other's eyes for a long time before speaking.
"Mender..." Mycroft began but John shook his head.
"That was the idea. If Marcus believed I was simply stalling for time he would have killed you before I could stop him. He intended to torture you until he got you to accept his plan. Uthur and I have been working to convince Marcus that I was an ally for some time now. He believed that I disapproved of your relationship with my brother and intended Sherlock to be with Molly. That's why I had her come to stay for that entire weekend, knowing that Jacob was likely to show up there. Uthur suspected that he would kidnap you and Hamish and our goal was to protect Hamish no matter what.” Mycroft sighed, apparently sharing the same dislike of explaining the situation as Sherlock.
“I said no.” John growled angrily, his back going rigid. “I am not going and that is my final decision.” He growled softly.
"I'm sorry I was finishing up." John looked at him with a bit of confusion.
. The memory flashed in his head.
"Oh, my apologies!" John snapped but Sherlock registered the hint of fear on his face. "It was Lord Moriarty wasn't it? They did not inform me you arrived." John stepped forward and grasped the man's hand in supplication. "I apologize Lord Holmes, we will have to part our pleasant conversation. I must attend to my duty."
