Christian tosses a look over his shoulder and scoffs at Charlie, “You stay out of this, fucking dyke!” Charlie’s face flushes. Her eyes swim with unshed tears.
“I would have thought it would have been easier than quitting alcohol,” she says. “But it really wasn’t.”
“Gonna see Mamma, baby girl,” Dean says weakly. Emma stills enough to buckle her into the seat without Dean feeling like a jailer. He wipes her wet, snotty face as well as he can with his sleeve. Then Dean drops a kiss on her sweaty forehead. “Love you, bug,” he says through a tight throat.
Her fingers meet his cock through his boxers, and he releases a sharp breath. He inches his fingers under her bra, touching the bottom of her breast, but it’s hard to navigate under so many clothes.
Campbell gives Anna a long, sweeping look from her feet to her face, the kind of look that makes Cas want to take the man by the throat. Finally, he jerks his chin toward the door. “Get out.”
or whatever. And it’s not like he keeps in shape for the aesthetics; it’s supposed to be about maintaining a healthy lifestyle, but Dean can’t deny that at least part of it’s to keep his weight down.
Dean levers himself onto his elbow. It’s hard to read his facial expression in the darkness, but at least Cas made him sit up.
“Okay –” Dean says. He doesn’t know whether to be relieved or not, to know there’s a medically sound reason for why he lost such a substantial chunk of time.
“Careful,” Dean says, detaching mouths long enough to get a breath in. “Don’t think Charlie’s old mattress is big enough for the both of us.” Charlie sold her loft bed in favor of getting a new frame for her basement bedroom, and when she’d offered Dean the mattress to use before Dean could buy his own bed, he’d jumped at the chance, seeing as he actually has a bedroom, now, instead of just a living room with a pullout couch.
And Sam nearly careens the car off the side of the road. Sam can hear his heart thudding in his ears. “I mean, I,” but there is zero way for him to save face right now. “I
Dean meets her eyes levelly before he bites his lip and looks away. He tries to find Cas and Charlie again, but they’re lost in the crowd by now. “I’m on Abilify, lithium, and Zoloft. I’ve got valium for emergencies.”
Dean looks around himself like an idiot, as though he’s expecting to see little explosions of…he doesn’t know. He’s aching to ask how his own voice appears to Cas, but that feels like the kind of information Cas should volunteer, himself.
“Now, hear that?” Dean pauses to gulp past the sudden dryness in his throat. The guy’s palm is clammy against his own. Dean tunes in to the faint strains of music coming through the gym’s hopper windows. It’s a slow, big band piece with – speak of the devil – the chairman of the board, himself, crooning along with brass, percussion, and strings.
Ash and Chuck are laughing, clearly poking fun at Anna’s message, because none of them knows what it means. Sam’s been set adrift. Nothing makes sense. Dean – Dean and Castiel – but Castiel is a
The doctor nods curtly. “Very well. Your brother came in with a 0.78% BAC. We estimate he ingested approximately 3,000 milligrams of Vicodin. The naloxone reversed the effects of the hydrocodone, and we’ve been administering acetylcysteine to help repair the damage to his liver caused by the acetaminophen. He is, in short, very lucky to be alive.”
Emma laughs at the strange new word. Cas grins at her. Dean beams at the two of them before Cas looks up, catching his eye unexpectedly. Dean’s cheeks are likely still flaming red. His smile turns abashed, but Cas’s only grows. His blue eyes gleam in the sunlight. Dean’s chest twists so hard it’s almost painful.
Emma’s on a sugar high after dessert, so Dean readily agrees to let Sam and Eileen tire her out in the backyard with Bones. The grass is soggy with April’s characteristic showers, but a little mud never hurt a kid. Dean takes a seat on the small porch jutting out from the back of Bobby’s house. Bobby limps out of the sliding door to join him.
Again, there’s the horrible rush of terror that maybe she’s inherited whatever it was that made Dean go crazy. How is he supposed to protect her from that? How is he supposed to be better for her – be something Dean never had growing up?
“They also give me drinks half-off, so first round’s on moi,” she finishes with a wink. “Oh yeah, we’re also getting a couple plates of chalupas because, holy shit, Cesar is in the kitchen, and you can’t miss out.”
But he also knows that it wasn’t all Dad’s fault. That Dad was out fighting evil sons of bitches that this university-grad, preppy-ass psychiatrist would piss his pants over, and Dean had to look after Sammy, because someone had to. And it was Dean’s job. It’s still his job. And, he swears to God, if this douchewad starts rambling about
“No.” Dean tries for firm, but he must land on sharp, because Sam flinches again. He tries to soften his tone. “I can’t, Sammy. I’m sorry, but I can’t, right now.”
“Haven’t gotten around to decorating yet,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck. “Listen, I know you’re not having a great night, and all, Charlie. But I really don’t think you want to be here, right now.”
“Hey,” Charlie says kindly. “This is an open meeting, man. This isn’t even the big stuff, okay? You don’t have to talk to anyone. You can even pretend you’re just there to listen. Like we’re journalist students or something.” Dean gives Charlie a confused look, and Charlie tosses her hair back and laughs. “Come on,” she nudges him again. “I got you.”
But Cas’s hands are suddenly wrapped around both of Dean’s wrists, and the look in his eye is fierce. There’s an inward light simmering there, something that knocks the breath out of Dean’s lungs.
“Go shower,” Eileen orders when Sam deposits the bags in the kitchen. “Jack and I are making sandwiches for lunch.”
Dean recognizes him as the man Dean crashed into at the front door. Now that he gets a better look, he looks like he might be homeless. It’s probably a biased point of view, but he’s got the ragged look of someone who lives rough: fingerless gloves, old hat, jacket with patches in the elbows.
“I’ll make do, thank you, Dean,” Cas says kindly. Dean curls under his blankets again. His bed is warm and comfortable. He doesn’t know whether he’s going to fall asleep, but he’s definitely going to be immobile.
Dean’s throat goes tight. He has wanted to say these words ever since Jack disappeared. He’s not gonna chicken out now. And, hey, when he has his session with Mia later this week, maybe she’ll give him a gold star.
“You can usually tell someone’s moved beyond a trauma when they can talk about it without any strong emotions. If they can tell you the story as if it’s just another memory, then that means their brain has healthily processed the event.”
Dean wants to leave. He doesn’t want to have to be here right now. Pretending nothin’gs wrong when literally everything’s wrong. Everything’s wrong because Dean is
Luca digs the muzzle in deeper. Sam imagines him pulling the trigger. Sam imagines a gory spatter of blood and gray matter on the wall behind him.
He blinks several times in rapid succession, and then he steps forward. “What am I to do?” he asks, voice unexpectedly steady.
“Okay,” Cas says. But there’s clearly something else bothering him because he frowns, and then he finally adds, “So, you do find me attractive?”
“I’ll make sure to get out of your way then,” Dean says, making a move to leave, but she stops him again.
“Thanks,” Dean says, shouldering Emma’s bag, taking the picture carefully, and putting Emma on his hip.
Ash keeps talking as he rummages through the drawers of a dresser that’s nearly hidden below vines of chords and electrical wire. Whereas Charlie’s apartment is clearly the room of a gamer, Ash’s apartment looks more like the control room of a top-secret organization.
Dean’s not great with ambiguity in relationships. It’s family, friend, one night stand, fuckbuddy, or dating. Not that he’s ever gotten around to dating for any significant length of time. But Cas doesn’t really fit into any of those categories anymore. Seeing as they’re friends, but also hooked up. But not planning on hooking up again. But Dean’s pretty sure he’s going to be jealous as fuck if Cas pulls an SO out of the woodwork any time soon.
It’s fucking different. This pain is different than Hell. Different than Purgatory. Than Michael. It belongs to him. Dean controls it. It’s his. It’s real. And the fact that Dean can feel it means Dean’s real, too. Means he’s here: in his own bed in the bunker, and Sammy’s there, too. Real. And so’s Cas. And Dean thinks Jack’s there, too.
Dean walks with no destination in mind. Just meandering, like he used to do after Dad got home, drunk as a skunk and meaner than the devil, after he finally passed out on the shabby sofa. Dean and Sammy’d just head out the door and wander. That was before all this Hunter and Angel crap. Before Dean even really knew Benny. They were both just kids. Just kids and the world looked a helluva lot kinder.
The playful atmosphere dissolves behind Cas’s confession. Dean hesitates before he puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder, just brushes his fingers across his sleeve, and it’s a little like an electric shock. Tingles all the way up his arm and into his chest. He wonders if Cas felt it, too, if maybe that’s why Dean can feel Cas’s muscles tense under Dean’s touch.
Actually, after counting a few breaths, sitting there with his hand tight in Cas’s, eyes shut, and ears filled with music, it’s a lot easier to forget he’s sitting in an airplane hundreds of feet above ground. He can almost imagine he’s sitting in a car or maybe a train.
Dean’s hovered around a two or three most of his life. It means the thoughts always loom in the corner of his head, but it’s easy enough to ignore them except for when it unexpectedly spikes past five. That’s when he’s supposed to call someone on his crisis team – which currently includes Pamela, Sam, and Bobby.
“Well we’re, ah,” Dean scratches the back of his hand. He looks at his waffles – all melty, dribbly syrup and wilting whipped cream. “I guess we’re trying to, um, make a go of it, or whatever.”
To get under the highway, they need to cross through a construction site that’s been closed off with chain link fences and traffic cones. Construction equipment: a cement mixer, dump truck, and backhoe, loom in the darkness like the carcasses of hulking, ancient beasts.
Footsteps echo through the dark. Dean turns to meet them. Cas runs out of the shadows. His face is white, and he has to be a ghost, because Cas is dead. But he’s got a messenger bag slung across his shoulder and he’s wearing a tan trench coat that looks a couple sizes too big for him.
Benny’s blade is in Dean's hand, and then it is in Michael’s chest. Dean does not remember taking the two steps forward. He and Michael look as one to the blade protruding from his sternum.
bring a loaded gun into Lisa’s house with her eight-year-old son, Ben, seeing as he was out of his head with paranoia and psychosis at the time. And at least Lisa didn’t press charges, so the incident isn’t on Dean’s record.
“Jesse and his husband Cesar host a D&D campaign upstairs every other Tuesday,” Charlie explains as they weave their way through a moderate sprinkling of patrons. They find themselves a table in the corner of the bar, for which Dean’s grateful. There’s definitely a friendly, lively feel to the place, but it’s also a little overwhelming. He can see a sort of dazed look on Cas’s face, as well, and he wonders what all this would be like with his sound-to-sight thing.
Mick claps him twice on the shoulder, but he exchanges a glance with Sam before straightening out again. Sam’s frowning, and he stays frowning when he sends Mick a shrug.
Dean toys with the idea of calling Sammy, of asking if he, Junior, and his one-year-old chocolate lab, Moose, wanted to come over before Cas and Eileen carpool back home. But Dean hesitates. This feels like something he wants to keep between just he and Cas, right now. In case it doesn’t work out.
She lets it hang there for a minute. Dean’s stomach turns over. Dean braces one elbow on his knee and leans into his hand. He doesn’t want to look at her.
Cas looks at Dean, forehead wrinkled, like there’s something he’s trying to puzzle out, and just when it’s starting to get uncomfortable, Cas takes two paces into the room and gathers Dean into a hug.
“Bullshit,” Dean says. He scrapes his chair back, and he stands up. He’s not – he’s definitely not threatening her. Dean doesn’t know what he’s going to do, but he just knows he doesn’t want to sit at the table and listen to this crap anymore. And Eileen clearly feels unthreatened, because she doesn’t even flinch. But Sammy doesn’t get the memo, because he’s on his feet too, and moving his gigantic body between Dean and his girlfriend.
Dean’s chest tightens. He knows the warning signs of a panic attack by now, so he takes a couple gulps of air, forces himself to sit with it for a minute, reminds himself he’s safe. Cas is safe. Sam is safe. Little Dean is safe.
There’s a split second under Billie’s suffocating gaze where it could go either way: Dean could cry or Dean could get angry. He gets angry.
Dean finally realizes he’s not breathing. Michael’s holding his head under water again, and if Dean sucks in, fluid will fill his lungs, and he –
“Chuck,” Dean manages to say before his throat closes up again. It’s like that time in the alternate apocalypse world, when Sam got killed by vamps and Dean suddenly couldn’t form words or thoughts anymore that didn’t center around
Dean’s kept his eyes closed through the entire ordeal, and Cas knows they’re shut now against embarrassment. Cas lifts his free hand and uses it to cup Dean’s cheek. He can feel the rush of heat under Dean’s skin.
“And Andrea was super suspicious I was your girlfriend, so I just flirted super hard with her to throw her off the scent. I think she kinda liked it.”
Jo’s behind the bar, wiping out a row of glasses with a wrung-out rag and sniping at Christian, “You mess this place up and Mom’ll have my head. You steal her good whiskey and she’ll have yours.”
“What can I do?” Cas finally breaks the silence. “What can I do to make it better if we’re – when we’re together?”
It takes a long time for Dean to drag himself back to consciousness. His body reacts sluggishly in the mornings now, just one more thing he hates about the drugs they have him on. He’s less reactive, less able to orient himself. It’s an advantage to sleep next to Cas, because at least he’s able to respond to high alert situations, but Dean hates knowing that he won’t be able to react the way he’s supposed to if there’s an emergency. If something breaks through their warding. Or if he gets a call from someone who needs help.
Dean’s pulse jumps at the realization that they’re a party of three; he was under the impression it was just he and Charlene meeting. Dean wonders if he’s being set up for an execution,
Benny nods. “Tonight. There’s a dance at the gym. School’s neutral territory. Perfect place for it. Away from the ears of Campbell and Deacon.”
Sam’s arms drop from around Dean, and Dean steps forward. Once, twice tentatively, unable to look away from Cas’s face – his piercing blue eyes that, the last time Dean saw, were being swallowed by sentient, malevolent black sludge. Then Dean gains moment, stalks forward – Sam shifts uneasily; Cas looks momentarily afraid, as if expecting a blow; Miracle bark-growls, but gets out of Dean’s way – and Dean collides with Cas’s chest. Pulls him hard against him. Wraps his arms around his miraculously solid form and hangs on tight.
“I dunno,” Dean says for the third time. If Pam’s frustrated with him, she doesn’t show it. In fact, maybe she can tell from his tone of voice, but her eyebrows soften in sympathy.
“I, ah, would have brought her in to see you,” Lydia says awkwardly. “If, you know, not for the whole hospital thing. All the germs.”
Charlie comes out a moment later with a pair of dark pants. She shakes them out, and her eyebrows shoot up. “Do mine eyes deceive me, or is this fabric artistically ripped?”
“We, ah,” Dean tries to remember. Yesterday night is covered in a gray film of exhaustion and something else – something confusing and hazy – like trying to look through a fogged-up windshield without defrost running. “We just made out.”
The litany runs on, but then Dean moans, low and desperate, and Castiel brushes his lips against Dean’s forehead, long lashes leaving traces of tears on his cheeks, and Sam thinks he just looks like a person. Just another person.
“Hey, Deano,” the voice in Dean’s ear and the clap on his back makes Dean spin around, hand raised –
“Then I won’t ask you for it,” Cas says calmly. “I’ve told you that before. I’m prepared to accept whatever you feel able to give me.”
Dean grinds his teeth together, shoots Sammy a sharp glance, and Sammy’s abashed face is enough to confirm it, even if Sammy shrugs and says, “He hits like a sissy, Dean. I’m fine.”
And then Sam made Dean tell the fucking story to Cas. Tell it like it was some big testament to the triumph of John Winchester’s fatherhood. And Dean had to make himself laugh it off, like he’d learned to laugh it off in the nearly twenty-five years since it happened.
“The fucking cops, Dean,” Sam says frantically. He taps Dean’s cheek like he’s seen Dean do to wake up Dad, back when Dad was alive to drink himself to sleep on the sofa every night.
“Stop!” Cas yells. He smashes both hands against his ears hard and squeezes his eyes shut. “Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop yelling! She’ll hear! Please – don’t – Anna! I don’t want Anna to hear!”
“Oh, wow, happy birthday?” Dean says. Eileen and Sam had Dean and Cas over tonight, but it wasn’t for any kind of celebration. Is a six-month birthday considered special for babies? Was Dean supposed to bring a gift. “I can mail a card.”
, Dr. Winchester,” Dean replies, wondering how large he has to roll his eyes for Sam to see it. Dean can’t exactly blame Sam for worrying. Dean did spend all last Sunday spilled on his little brother’s couch in a depressed stupor. And Dean hasn’t been exactly forthcoming with Sam about this new PTSD stuff. Sam doesn’t know about the nightmares that cut through Dean’s sleeping pills. He doesn’t know about the constant state of vigilance, of feeling like someone’s watching him, waiting to pounce, catching shadows in the dark and remembering touches on his skin.
When he comes out of the bathroom, Cas is awkwardly perched on the arm of the couch, obviously not sure what he’s supposed to do now.
“Hey, close the door?” Dean asks, trying their newest command. Mir responds immediately, nosing the door shut from the opposite side. “Good boy!” Dean calls in reply.
Cas is on his knees in front of his sister. He hesitantly lays a hand on her shoulder. She does not shrug him off.
But Cas steadies himself, and when he ends up toppling, it’s in a controlled fall to his knees so he can gather Jack into his arms where he’s still sitting on the floor.
And that’s how he leaves the room. The door snaps shut behind him, and he’s swamped by a rush of hot air in the hallway.
He crosses Sam Winchester’s long legs and leans back against the comfortable sofa. He looks at the identical piles of ash on the floor that were once Jack and Helen Kline.
One-handed, he yanked down Dean’s jeans. The fabric caught and bunched on Dean’s thighs where his legs were spread too wide to let them come down any further. The guy dug a finger into the elastic waistband of Dean’s boxers, pulled down until the boxers pooled against Dean’s jeans.
“I don’t – I’m not trying to manipulate the guy, or something,” Dean snaps. He swallows with difficulty when Billie pauses again to watch him.
But Billie doesn’t ask any more questions, instead she clicks her pen closed on her clipboard. Dean hadn’t even registered she’d been taking notes the whole time. The thought of what she’s written about him makes his stomach curdle.
“No, you’re not,” Cas states. Days like this, Dean really hates the whole shrewd persona the guy caught on to because he used to be a whole lot easier to handle when he didn’t understand humanity. “I wish you’d just talk to me, Dean.”
Dean takes a deep breath. He’s okay. Benny’s not freaking out. Benny maybe doesn’t think Dean’s a horrible person. Benny maybe isn’t  judging him for not being able to take care of his baby girl.
“Yes!” Emma is on her feet at once. Cas stretches out his hand to grab hers, and – like he’s some kind of baby whisperer, Emma slows at his touch.
“He always comes back,” Dean says in a hollow voice. “Don’t – don’t let him hurt me, please.” And Cas knows Dean isn’t talking about Sam.
Dean suddenly recognizes the turnoff for the access road to the bunker. The path to the bunker is so familiar, it’s become reflex, so Dean tugs the car down the road. The engine hums under his foot. The entire car is vibrating.
Jim’s Diner is packed and bustling. The April showers scared all the customers inside, and it was hard for the brothers to find seats. They eventually found a table squashed into the corner near the heavy door that leads into the back alley. Dean feels uneasy among all the rush and noise. He’s glad to be sitting with his back against the wall, with an unhindered view of the rest of the diner except for Sam’s face sitting across the table from him.
“Posse just came in, chief,” Benny says, and nods across the room, where Michael and Luca Nova have just stepped through the gym’s double doors, dragging along the rest of their gang and girls. Dean catches sight of Anna Nova, hanging off the arm of some square in a tan jacket. Dean has to admit that Anna’s sexy as hell. Something about those blue eyes of hers makes Dean think about all sorts of things he shouldn’t about the Nova brothers’ little sister. Everyone knows Angel girls exist under a strict
Sam brings him back to his apartment, and Dean wonders if his brother will ever let him move out again. He hasn’t had much time to think about his own apartment; he assumes he hasn’t been evicted. He’s got an automatic payment set up from his account, so Gabe’s been getting rent, and there’s no reason to kick him out. Unless Dean scared him enough with his breakdown, and Gabe doesn’t want to rent to a crazy person.
But Cas is tousle-haired and pale from sleep, and Dean remembers that, oh yeah, Cas slept there last night. After Dean kissed him. And the two of them cried like they were on some kind of cheesy ass Lifetime movie. Then Cas encouraged him to take a shower while Cas made dinner, and he urged Dean to actually eat at the kitchen table instead of in his bed, and Dean forced himself to eat half a plate of plain spaghetti because Cas didn’t know how to make tomato sauce.
“Sure,” Dean says. Lydia pauses on her way out to brush a hand against the back of Emma’s head. She makes sure not to glance at Dean. Then she’s gone. And Dean’s alone – well, alone save for Donna – with his daughter for the first time.
One second he was drinking and the next second he’d had the pills and it just felt like a fucking great idea. So simple. So easy. It wasn’t like he’d
“Doing the best you can doesn’t mean working yourself into the ground,” Pam retorts. “Doing your best needs to mean you let yourself rest and ask for help when you need it.”
The other figure turns his head at a word from Cas, and he calls to them. “Hey, you troublemaking kids, how many times do I have to tell you to stay off my roof?”
Cas doesn’t have a chance to ask more because they’re handing over their boarding passes and heading down the accordioned tunnel of doom toward the plane. Dean’s heart is beating so hard it’s like a jackhammer against his ribs. The rolling suitcase he borrowed from Sam bumps behind him. Sam had been less-then thrilled to hear about Dean’s impromptu trip to Boston, but he’d eventually softened after a rigorous interrogation about Dean’s mental faculties:
“Gee thanks,” Dean says scathingly. “Not like I haven’t been trying to keep up with a toddler lately.”
. And a deposition involves sitting down with a court reporter, who will record your answers after you’re sworn in. It’s basically a testimony rehearsal, except they can use it against you if anything about your testimony changes at the hearing.”
“You a college girl, too?” Thomas asks. All attention is suddenly on Eileen, and Dean can tell she’s uncomfortable. He spots Sam’s shoulder move, and he knows his little brother’s just put his hand on his girlfriend’s knee.
He runs into Jack coming out of the bathroom. The boy is smiling, and he tucks the detector into the back pocket of his jeans.
Warnings for the douchebag Campbell family: overt ableism, sexism, racism, homophobia, and probably a lot more, but the narrative undermines these attitudes whenever possible.
Cas looks alarmed, takes a step back from the dog, and raises his hands to shoulder height. He’s not wearing his trench coat. He’s not even wearing his rumpled suit. He’s dressed in a pair of Sam’s sweatpants and ratty t-shirt that is way too big for him.
Dean tries to shake his head. He doesn’t want it. He hates those things, too. Claustrophobic and tight across his nose. It makes him remember waking up with a tube down his throat, something mechanical keeping his chest rising and falling –
Dean shoves his own cardboard box onto the counter, scuffing up a trail of filmy dust behind it. Sam straightens up to his full gigantor-height and sends his eyes around the room. His scowl turns into the kind of look Dean imagines rich people put on when they admire their gardener’s Christmas card, and Sam says, “It’s, ah, bigger than I thought it’d be.”
It’s too much to ask that they won’t run into Sammy on the way there, and, sure enough, the kitchen opens as they pass, and Sam sticks his shaggy head out.
Dean touches his thumbs to the tips of each of his fingers, mirroring the movement on both hands, feeling the ridges of his fingerprints.
, the guy rasped. His chin dug into the base of Dean’s neck. His entire body enveloped Dean, and if Dean struggled too hard, he’d get a face full of toilet water.
After a while longer, Dean final pops up the footrest on the chair and levels the back out, then he curls into as comfortable position as he can find, and tries to get a little sleep.
Dean breaks his feud with Sam on Friday, when he calls him about what to wear to Cas’s art gallery thing.
“Don’t,” Dean whispers against Cas’s jaw. “Don’t,” he burrows his head into Cas’s shoulder. “Cas, please.”
“Can you specify exactly when?” Bevell digs her talons in deeper. “Perhaps it was before you agreed to go to her motel room together? Or was it before you had intercourse? While you were working out the rules of your engagement?”
or whatever, Cas wanted to keep an eye on it, and it’s not like Cas doesn’t trust him, but it does serve as a deter if Dean would ever – but he won’t – because it’s not like he’s going to go fishing around in Cas’s drawers for the crap.
Cas has wondered, sometimes, whether it might be better if he and Jack find somewhere else to live. But every time Cas thinks about it, his stomach twists, because he can’t fathom the idea of leaving Dean.
“So, what’s the plan of attack?” Dean asks. Both he and Cas are dressed, and they’ve got six hours to kill before they have to get ready for the four o’clock wedding.
The car jolts forward. Dean sees a flash of orange flame in the rearview mirror, and he knows Sam must have caught fire to the barn, burning the vamps’ corpses and all the blood.
They make it into the bunker. The air inside is cool and dry and stale. It shrivels up Dean’s lungs. Makes his skin crack and bleed.
“But you don’t drink?” She clarifies with a sugary smile that makes her look even more like a predator.
. Cas is – Cas is smiling. Cas is – Cas is telling Dean that – Cas is – and Dean is too slow – too slow, again – watching Cas die, again – Cas is – Cas is –
“Stop – stop – God – stop!” Cas whimpers. He hits the back of his head against the shelf, seems to realize it’s there, and does it again intentionally.
Dean’s anxiety is back. Once again, he’s almost warned of its presence ahead of time by Miracle’s curious tilt of his head below him.
The door inside his head rattles. There’s a roar of rage and fear behind it. Dean puts his back to the door, braces his legs on the floor so it stays shut tight.
T-boned in the Impala. Already bleeding body slammed from one side of the backseat to the other. His head cracks against the window and everything goes dark.
“No,” Dean says, a little aggressively, because he’s really not loving feeling like a stupid little kid on top of everything else.
The guy took his hand away from Dean’s dick, reached around him instead, fished with warm fingers for Dean’s face, found Dean’s mouth, and Dean just fucking opened his lips on instinct to let the guy’s fingers in, sucked them because he knew that was what he was supposed to do, curled his tongue around them because he knew how to make it good – fucking learned how to make it good –
“Hey,” Layla says, touching his face again, guiding his gaze toward her. She’s sitting in a wheelchair beside his bed. “You just look at me, okay?” She smiles wanly. “I know you’re scared, and it hurts, but you’re going to be okay. Okay? You just let them help you.”
“Fuck,” Dean says again. He twists out of Cas’s reach and leaps out of bed. He stands with his back to Cas, shoulders tensed around his ears. He’s holding both his arms across his body, so tightly Cas thinks he’d need a crowbar to prize them apart.
Dean was maybe seventeen. Dad had dumped him and Sam in Washington, near the border, for a couple months during the summer. Rainy as all fuck. He’d been hooking for a while by then. Knew how to wait outside a bar with a pack of cigarettes, ask for a light from the right kind of guy. But one night he got caught by the owner – some brawny guy with a dark beard and broad shoulders. Named Asa.
“Shit – no – Dean!” Sam darts forward. Cas meets him there. The two of them together, now prepared for Dean fighting back, manage to haul him off the floor.
Maybe Lydia catches a glimpse of hurt in his eyes, because she suddenly looks uncomfortable. Dean coughs clumsily, not wanting her to feel bad – it’s not her fault he’s such a screw up.
Dr. Jorgensen extends his hand to each of them in turn. “We’ll keep you informed about Dean’s condition. And I urge you to visit later today during visiting hours. Support of friends and family is integral to our patients’ recovery.”
“Dean?” Eileen says, and Dean knows it’ll be impolite not to look up, so he does, and he wishes he didn’t, because she’s looking at him with so much concern it’s like he must be literally bleeding out of his pores, or something.
“Who’s the old man?” Claire asks, leaning across the seat to poke her head out of the passenger window. She looks a couple years older than Kaia, and she’s got dirty blond hair pulled away from her face.
“Hey,” Sam says. He plants his hand on Dean’s shoulder, wanting to preempt any violent reactions. “Hey, man. It’s okay. You’re okay.”
They stop for bagels before arriving at Charlie’s old house. When they do pull into the driveway – nestling beside a ginormous dumpster Charlie rented for the occasion – Dean sees that Charlie’s first twelve years of her life were spent in a stereotypically suburban, but pretty little house in a quiet neighborhood, not unlike the house that burned with Mary Winchester still inside. It’s light blue with gray shutters and a red door. Charlie’s either kept up the maintenance or paid someone to do it, because the house doesn’t look like it’s been standing empty for the past nearly twenty years. The stubby brown grass in the lawn is well kept, and the bushes are trimmed.
“Being angry at the people who hurt us is okay,” Billie says when Dean’s talked himself hoarse. “You’re allowed to hate him.”
“I think I was yesterday,” Dean answers, but he doesn’t mention the coughing up blood thing. It’s not a big deal; it hasn’t happened since this morning.
“Should have what?” Billie says. “You said you had a head injury. How were you supposed to have stopped the accident?”
Dean doesn’t miss hunting. Hell, the nightmares and scars mean it’s never far away. But sometimes Sam, Eileen, and, even rarer, Cas, would still take a nearby salt and burn or act as consultants on something especially tricky. They still kept the Bunker – situated almost dead center between their two houses – well-stocked and maintained for any hunter traveling through the area, mostly younger folk like Claire and Kaia, or Krissy and her gang, but also the occasional familiar face, like Charlie and her wife Stevie or the Banes twins.
Alastair had the keys of half the inmates. Ride with Alastair and no one else would touch him. So, fuck yeah, Dean let him turn him out.
“I just want to know if I hurt you,” Dean says desperately. He doesn’t have the clearest memory of most of his hookups. The idea that he forced her to be a part of something she didn’t want to be a part of is terrifying. It’s sickening.
“How long –” Dean tries to ask but apparently two-and-a-half words is enough to leave him out of breath. He gasps through the rest. “was I out?”
“Kick me that ratchet, will you?” Dean says, flinging out a hand and wiggling his fingers from below the undercarriage.
“Dean –” Cas says. He moves his hand to grab Dean’s, pulling it away from his hair. “I’m here. I’ve got you.”
“Dean!” Someone yells. It might be Victor; Dean’s not sure. He’s somehow made it all the way down to the playground.
For a moment there is perfect, disbelieving silence in Dean’s head. He cannot physically grasp what just happened. Christian stirs: shakes his head, levers himself onto his elbows, touches the back of his hand to his nose and realizes it’s bloody. Sam probably broke it.
“Here,” Dean whispers. He wraps his hand around Cas’s and guides it up to Dean’s mouth. One by one he sucks Cas’s fingers into his mouth. Cas trembles, and something like a whine spills out of his lips. Dean finishes by licking a wide stripe down Cas’s palm, and Cas gets the picture. He returns his hand to Dean’s dick, moistened now with Dean’s spit.
“Is there anything particular about small spaces that upsets you?” Billie interrupts him. “An association from childhood, maybe?”
And if he took one swallow, he could stop thinking about the bottle. Just one taste. Just to – to prove to himself he could handle it.
Dean hesitates. It is so fucking hard knowing what to say. He wants so badly to curl Ella in his lap and never let her go, never let her get hurt by anything ever again. He knows it’s impossible to be absolutely certain that he or Cas won’t be hurt by monsters again, and maybe it’s unfair to promise her otherwise, but, dammit, she watched her parents get killed by a monster; he can’t let her worry that she’s going to watch it happen all over again.
Dean snorts. If it was anyone but Cas – or maybe Charlie – Dean would snap at them that it wasn’t their business or make some sort of snarky remark to avoid the subject. But it
He comes back out of the bathroom to find Cas also changed. Meg is unabashedly looking through Dean’s closet for a belt. Charlie is trying to convince Cas to keep his tie on because it makes him look
Cas keeps walking. The floor is made of wood, scuffed up from years of wear, but it looks sturdy, and maybe a little roughness isn’t so bad.
“I’d hoped binding him would be enough,” Amara explains. “I didn’t foresee this hiccup with Samuel Winchester.”
Anna puts her eye to the peephole to see who’s knocking, and she takes an alarmed step back from the door.
“What happened?” Sam pants, he looks a little wild, and Cas wishes he would calm down. He doesn’t want to set Dean off again.
Dean rolls his eyes, because it’s not like he did. He’s never been able to get super into the Halloween thing. Dressing up in costumes always seemed like it would be fun, but Sam grew out of that shit when he was about ten and never got back into it. So, Charlie’s not too off on her predictions for his night; except he’d be demolishing a bag of Snicker’s in front of
Dean lifts his head from Miracle’s shoulder and sees Sam standing in the threshold, hair haloed by the hallway light.
Micah turns a little more at the sound of his name, peering at Dean from the corner of his eyes. Cas maneuvers carefully closer. Kneeling so Micah and Dean are at eyelevel.
There’s a rickety staircase in the corner, which must lead to the bedrooms above. According to the listing there are three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. Cas climbs upward. He can already hear Jack rooting around in one of the bedrooms, EMF still buzzing, but thankfully not beeping.
“You’re in luck,” Benny says, rattling one of the bottles. He pops the cap and leaves a couple capsules by the glass of water where Dean will see them when he wakes up. “Take it easy, chief,” Benny says finally, straightening out with his hands on his knees. “We’ll talk about it in the morning.”
Micah slowly, sloppily, takes the fingers he was chewing on and puts them to his forehead. He pulls them away in a quick sign for
Benny brings Dean over to his waiting station wagon. Dean’s stomach pitches, and he barely has breath enough to push away from Benny and totter a few paces until he’s bending over and puking in the hotel parking lot. He’d topple headfirst into the puddle if Benny didn’t catch him around the chest.
Jack’s face becomes solemn as he begins the explanation. Jack left earth with every intention of giving up his powers. He believed no single entity should have the authority to create and destroy worlds. But, after rescuing Cas from the Empty, there was more to put right in Heaven then he anticipated. Time is different up there, he explained. You could travel a road for fifteen minutes and find 60 years had passed on earth.
“Yeah,” Jack sighs. His shoulders fall. He breaks eye contact. Dean feels irrefutably like he’s failed. Like he should have said something else. Cas and Sam have always been a helluva lot better at the pep talk routine.
It’s almost like it was her mother’s reproach that was the trigger, because Lydia rolls her eyes, grabs Emma from her grandmother’s arms, and crosses the room to Dean. And she offers Emma to him.
“Ah, the man of the hour,” a pasty, pot-bellied man hustles over to Cas, looking just exactly like what Dean imagines a funeral director would look like. “Castiel, welcome. Welcome.”
Dean watches Cas covertly as they take another Uber to the church. He tells himself it’s because he’s worried for the guy; Cas gets more tense as they approach the ceremony, where he’ll be seeing the rest of his family for the first time. But Dean keeps getting distracted by little things: the way Cas’s hair curls around his ears. The sharp blue of his eyes, cast into greater relief by the color of his suit. The glint of a fleeting smile in the wispy winter sunlight.
Cas is already shaking his head. “She was the one who left me,” he explains. Dean remembers what she said,
Dean’s always felt skeevy about meds, especially the stuff that has such noticeable, immediate effects, like the sleeping pills or valium, which he only ever takes when things get so bad it isn’t even
Cas comes through the door of the en suite bathroom. He’s carrying a glass of water, and he looks fresh-faced and slightly damp after scrubbing his face in preparation for bed.
Billie cocks an eyebrow, as if to warn Cas from interrupting his again, and Cas falls silent. Jack pipes up, “What do you mean our world. Isn’t it your world, too?”
Dean can’t sit still for long. He paces a rut into the floor for nearly another two hours, texting Cas every ten minutes with another place he should look for Sam: bars, parks, the bunker, the fucking grocery store.
“I’ll do anything,” Dean chokes. “P-please. I’ll hurt them instead. I’ll do it. I’ll hurt them. Just – just not again. No more.”
“Hey, I know it’s uncomfortable, but you gotta calm down, Dean. We’re not gonna hurt you. We’re trying to help.”
Dean can’t see through the curtains hanging over Cas’s window. As quietly as he can, he grips the windowsill and draws the window open. The pane glides out of the way noiselessly. He slips inside feet first, and his shoes land quietly as a cat on the threadbare carpet.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Sam asks, peering carefully at Dean’s face. Dean does the trick where you look at the bridge of someone’s nose instead of their eyes so it looks like he’s making eye contact.
And no. No. Dean doesn’t want to remember. Dean doesn’t want to remember the stink of his cell. The slippery crud the mops left on the floor. The thin polyester sheets, pilling with use. And him – him – Dean doesn’t want to remember him.
“Whoa,” Charlie intercuts. “Am I gonna have to run interference between you two all night. Because, if so, I’d like to be pointed in the direction of the booze, first.”
“I can’t heal him, Sam,” Cas whispers. His voice shakes. Sam can’t tell if it’s with tears or anger. “I can’t – that’s always been the worst thing about losing my Grace. That I can’t help you anymore.”
Dean spends another two weeks at Sam’s, attending sessions with Pam every-other day and heading to Victor’s for blood tests every week to make sure his lithium levels aren’t out of whack after his new dose. Overall, August is a complete wash. Bobby and Ellen bring dinner on Sunday, and Dean apologizes for missing so much work. Bobby calls him an idjit and reiterates that the only thing he cares about is keeping Dean healthy. But Dean still feels guilty, plus he hates the idea of eventually returning to the garage where all the guys will wonder where the hell Dean’s been for a month.
The court reporter’s office is smooth, maple furniture and dark green carpet. The court reporter, himself, is a sturdy, tan-skinned man named Edgar Martinez. He’s largely expressionless, and his stoic face gives Dean the creeps as he administered Dean’s oath and meticulously records everything Dean’s saying. So Dean tries to keep his eyes on Bevell, which isn’t much better, because her frosty smile and hard eyes make Dean feel like he’s staring down some kind of vicious animal that wants to tear out his throat.
That night, Dean swallows another temazepam without a second thought. He doesn’t want to have to listen to Sam anymore, and he doesn’t want to risk waking up in the middle of the night because of nightmares, which always get more intense after bad days.
He and Jack haven’t talked about sex since. Cas is afraid he might have overloaded him with information – but, after the nearly disastrous occurrence between the teenage bookstore employee and her zombie boyfriend, Cas had simply wanted to make sure Jack received the information from a trusted source.
me, Dean,” Sammy keeps talking. Rattling on a mile a minute because he knows his time grows short. “I can be here in 15 minutes if you need anything.
“Is, ah, Dean doing okay?” Sam says. A minute ago, he’d been prepared to start demanding information as soon as he saw the doctor, but now he feels strangely diminished. He’s almost afraid to ask. He knows his brother got wheeled away only about six hours ago, but also knows that Dean could do a lot in six hours.
Dean stalks down the sidewalk. The street is relatively quiet and dark. He still doesn’t know where he is. He doesn’t know how he can get back to his apartment. There is no way in fuck he’s going back to the bar to ask Gabriel.
“He – ah,” Sam searches for some kind of explanation, keeping ahold of Dean’s hand even though his brother’s fingernails are biting painfully into the back of his fist. And Sam knows it must be bad, if Dean’s willingly holding hands right now. “He doesn’t like hospitals.”
“So what?” Dean demands. “You think I should ‘a reported her or something? You think I should have fucking pressed charges?”
Cas is silent for a moment. Dean begins to wonder if he’s fallen asleep, but then he says quietly, “His name was Balthazar. My first. He was my Liturgical Theology and Practice professor.”
Charlie holds the door for Dean and leads the way down the fifth-floor hall to the farthest door on the left. Dean can already smell a skunky trace of pot. She pounds her fist against the door and hollers, “Yo, Dr. Asshole – I mean, Dr. Badass!”
Dean concentrates on not being sick as Sam helps him with his socks and boots, tying the laces like Dean’s some damn kindergartener. And Dean remembers teaching Sammy how to tie his shoes:
“Come on, here comes the airplane and all that jazz,” Dean says, tipping the coffee forward again. Sam is slightly more successful at swallowing this time.
“I, ah, wanted to say I’m sorry,” Dean starts, glancing over at Eileen, but she’s looking out the window and didn’t see him speak. Dean takes a deep breath, and he taps her on the shoulder.
“Dunno,” Dean replies. “I prayed every night when I was a kid. Then Mom died, I guess. Whole apartment went up in flames. Didn’t seem like any point in believing in a God that was gonna let shit like that happen. But I think Sammy still believes. Still catch him praying before bed sometimes. Even if he tries to hide it.”
Dean’s phone rings again. Right, Sammy. Dean moans, and he lets his arm drop. Cas is staring at him intently, every muscle primed. Dean offers him a weak smile, and Cas deflates a little, but he still looks keyed up.
“That’s good,” Pam adds after Dean’s done talking about how he and Charlie had made plans for playing videogames that weekend. She pauses, and it’s the kind of pause that makes Dean’s entire body recoil because they’re only 20 minutes into the session, and Dean knows there’s more heavy-lifting to get to.
“I always enjoy watching movies with you, Dean,” Cas replies. Which makes Dean feel all squirmy and nice again.
Dean thinks about Charlie – who’s probably sleeping – but then his thoughts trail to Cas, and his chest tightens in something that feels a little like anticipation, a little like fear.
“I cannot believe I’m offering this to the jerk who hurt my little brother, but you need a ride back home?” Gabe’s hand finds Dean’s back.
Dean grits his teeth, pulls the support sleeve over his bad knee, and heads out for his five-days-a-week torture session. He times himself 15 minutes out and 15 minutes back. When he gets back, he’s soaked through and gasping through the heat. His head pounds like it’s a second heart, and he feels a little woozy. Four and a half miles on three hours of sleep and no food? Definitely not the smartest idea he’s ever had.
Dean’s never had this kind of conversation without running away before. Sure, he and Charlie sometimes talk about deep stuff, but that usually connects to some piece of fantasy or science fiction. This is different. This feels comfortable and safe. Almost like a therapy session, except Dean’s not paying Cas, Cas gets to share, too, and they’re not digging into anything with a goal in mind. They’re just talking.
Dean does what she says without a word. One, she’s got a demeanor that indicates she won’t be easily crossed. And, two, Dean’s going to puke if he tries to speak.
But Charlene doesn’t need the warning because there’s a tiny mewl from within the carrier, and Charlene’s attention immediately fixates on her granddaughter, who’s evidently been disturbed by the raised voices.
“How many times have I told you punks,” Lieutenant Campbell growls, and bodily tears apart Ash and an Angel, who are still rolling around on the ground. He loses his fedora in the process and spits a curse, bending to retrieve it.
“It was good to meet you, Dean.” Billie rises from her chair, offers him another rare smile. “I’ll see you next week.”
“Are you interested in art, Dean?” Sarah asks. Dean knows this is just a curtesy; she never really knew him very well, but she definitely knows him well enough to know he’s not interested in art. Sarah and Sam only dated for a couple weeks, but Dean always liked her on the principle that she dug his little brother out of his post-Jessica slump. Not to mention that was right after the accident, so Sam had to contend with Dad and Dean, plus a broken heart, so the kid definitely deserved a good lay.
“Alright, Dean,” Cas says placatingly. He brandishes the thermometer again. “I think I should check your temperature again. You’re not making much sense.”
Dr. Jorgensen nods, writes something on his clipboard, and asks, “Does it happen often? Being unable to speak?”
The sun hangs near the horizon, casting long shadows on the pavement, blushing the sky pink and orange. Sam’s still shaking. He focuses on gulping lungsful of air. He can’t afford to fall to pieces right now. It’s not fair to Dean if – but Dean’s lying lifeless on a hospital bed. Dean’s covered in blood, slumped against a wall with a knife sticking out of his chest. Dean’s kneeling in a pool of blood, breathing hard, staring blankly at the corpses on the ground. Dean’s screaming himself out of a nightmare, yelling for Sam. Dean’s holding a blade to Sam’s neck. Dean’s cocking a gun – Dean’s begging Dad to stop –
He and Jack separate soon after, Jack waving the EMF detector at anything that looks suspicious. The front door opens immediately into an open floorplan: living room in the front and dining room in the back. Cas enters the living room; it’s cleared of any furniture, so it looks large and his footsteps echo in the emptiness of it. But it’s a snug room. Sunlight spills onto the floor through the windows. There’s a fireplace against the wall.
Dean’s stomach lurches. He’s stumbling to his feet and across the warehouse floor before he recognizes anything else. All there is is panic. Because fuck. Fuck no. Not now. Not now after fucking everything and Dean can’t – Dean can’t. Not again.
“Mamma!” Emma cries, triumphantly, once she’s on Dean’s hip. She practically climbs out of Dean’s arms and into Lydia’s.
Dean puts him out of his misery, “I told her no. Hooked her up with Jody. Figured Claire might want the gig.”
Dean’s arm drops from around Cas’s waist. He totters back a few steps before he finds equilibrium again. With distance, he finds his heart has bypassed adrenaline rush into a freeway gallop.
Cas certainly seems to take him at face value, and he asks, “You don’t want to stick around for more of the party?”
Dean’s mouth goes dry. His heart stutters once, twice, and then kickstarts into a sprint. He curls both hands into tight fights and digs into his palms, but his fingernails are way too short. And, fuck. It’s bad enough for her to bring it up, but why did she have to drop it in out of the blue?
“And how’d he know in the first place, huh?” Campbell demands. “Your brother was found skewered under the parkway with another o’ you sewer rats. The other’d been stabbed in the back, and your brother in the chest, so we’re missing a piece of the puzzle, see? Cause they couldn’t have killed each other.”
Dean turns away swiftly. He doesn’t have anything to do in the kitchen, but he makes himself busy regardless. He snags a glass of water from the cabinet and fills it from the sink.
“Anyway, what crap are we listening to?” Dean demands. He reaches for the radio dial so he can change the channel from whatever top 40 bullshit Sam has playing softly in the background.
“Run!” Sam gasps, and he drags Dean forward. Dean struggles to keep up with Sam’s strides. Sam’s shoulders scream with the extra strain. He knows the cops saw them. He can hear the pounding of their footfalls behind them.
They haven’t even gone farther than handies on the floor of Cas’s studio. Which is – well, tell Dean he would have gone a month and a half in a bona fide relationship without once having actual sex – Cas would chide him for that remark,
Regret is already thick inside Dean’s throat. Why the fuck does he even try? Why the fuck does anyone in their right mind actually think Dean’s fit to socialize with normal people?
Sam doesn’t need Cas to continue, because he knows that guilt well enough on his own. It makes his chest burn, to think about Dean alone – truly alone – in Purgatory for so long. Abandoned by his brother and his best friend. No wonder Benny had turned into such a lifeline.
Seeing as Dean lives paycheck to paycheck, it’s a daunting number. As much as he loathes asking Sam for more money, it might be his only resort; it’s not like he can really swing another job, right now. But he’ll ask if Bobby will consider occasional overtime. Or maybe he can pick up some of the other guys’ shifts.
“You gotta do what you gotta do,” Dean shrugs, bypassing Cas’s first question. “I think you’re a great host.”
Dean fishes for Cas’s warm body next to his, and he tries to smother the disappointment and anxiety that stabs in his chest when he doesn’t find it. He turns his head and looks at the empty pillow just to make sure.
Dean nearly shits his pants when his phone goes off in his back pocket. His fingers tremble as he thumbs open the screen.
“I don’t have fucking guns,” Dean mutters. He still hasn’t had the ‘no sleeveless’ conversation with Charlie.
That was the first time he wore a suit, too. Something worn and old they dug out of a salvation army store. Dean didn’t wear a suit to Mom’s funeral. He remembers the itchy, too-big white Polo he wore over black slacks that were cuffed twice so he wouldn’t trip over the hem – hand-me-downs from Christian because all Dean’s clothes got burned up.
“Hi,” Dean says, pushing himself to his feet. He forces himself not to look for any witnesses, instead leaning forward so he can peck Cas quick on the corner of the mouth. It’s fine. No one’s going to say anything.
“Don’t ever touch me again,” Bela tells him, voice cold and dangerous. Then she crosses to the door, flings it open, and marches down the hall.
Dean rolls his eyes before he can stop himself. Nightmares are just nightmares. He’s been dealing with them his whole life, and he’s not about to stop. “They’re fine.”
“I don’t think this occurred because of an inadequate knowledge of the human reproduction system,” Cas says, but he smiles swiftly to let Dean know he’s joking.
A truck pulls up on the road. Footsteps on the gravel. Cas gently eases the phone from Dean’s weak grip and talks into it, “I’m here now, Sam. I have him. I’ll call you later.” Then he hangs up.
But Dean seems to have calmed down somewhat, even if Cas can still feel his heart racing below his ribs when he winds an arm around Dean’s shoulders and gently rubs his back the way he knows Dean likes.
“Jack,” he croaks. He takes an unsteady step forward. Sam catches his elbow, giving him something to lean on.
Dean pulls back, smiles like he knows the girls like, like he knows the guys in the dirty bathrooms and back alleys like, and says, “I want you to, Cas.”
“So,” Dean says, doing some quick math in his head. “You graduated five years ago?” And maybe Cas just has one of those faces that looks older – there are bags under his eyes, and his heavy eyebrows and perpetually confused expression give him wrinkles around his nose – but he sure as hell didn’t look like he’s still in his twenties.
“What are some things – other than having access to your daughter – that make maintaining stability worth it to you?”
Sam looks at his lap. He fights the temptation to put his head back in his hands by twisting his fingers together.
“Jo....” Dean starts, and he doesn’t know how to finish. He wishes she hadn’t brought this up now. He feels exposed. Like any minute one of his coworkers, or worse, Bobby or Ellen, is going to wander over and eavesdrop on what they’re talking about.
Sam’s eyes are back on Dean. Slowly, Dean lifts the cigarette back to his lips and takes another hit. He knows – he fucking knows – he’s being spitefully provocative, but he doesn’t really give a damn.
The pain is sharp and good. He rolls down his sleeves after he’s done, and he leaves his razor disassembled on the side of the sink. He doesn’t have the dexterity to put it back together, now. Plus, he might need it later.
But the words crowd inside his throat all at once, until he can barely breathe, let alone speak. So Dean forces a smile, and, because he’s a shit, stupid person and he hasn’t got around to learning sign language yet, he signs one of the only words he knows: makes a fist at shoulder-height and bobs it in an imitation of a head nod.
“He won’t leave me alone,” Dean whispers desperately. “They won’t – I can’t – they’re everywhere, Cas.” He’s shaking hard. The knife trembles in his hand.
,” Dean growls, aggressive enough to make himself inwardly flinch. But it’s too late to soften his tone.
makes Dean’s stomach bubble with nausea. “Just get it over with,” he says weekly. “Just, God, I just want it over with.”
Content warnings (spoilers): Dean cuts himself with a razor, and there’s a veiled reference to sexual trauma
Dean tugs his pack of cigarettes and his Zippo out of his back pocket. Takes a couple fumbles before he manages to catch the flame. Then he nearly bites clean through the filter because he’s clenching his jaw so hard.
And Dean hesitates to call them homophobes. Mostly because he’s not a little afraid that he’s still sorta homophobic, himself. It’s not like he’s being deliberately malicious. He tries to do and say the right thing. But he still stumbles over the right pronouns when he’s faced with someone like Cas’s friend Benjamin. Or he makes comments he knows are offensive to Charlie, even though he’s just joking. Or he gets a little shiver of disquiet when he sees Cas wearing his earrings or nail polish.
Dean squares up to Michael. Pansy ass prep school boy doesn’t have anything on him; Dean could lay him out flat with a flick to his prissy nose. “Cas is my business,” he says firmly.
There’s a musical pinging from the front seat, cut off by a sharp and relieved breath as Sam answers the call. “Donna, thank God – wait, I’m driving. I’m putting you on speaker.”
Bobby grabs Dean by the elbow and drags him into his office, cane thumping with each step. He shuts the door behind them and then rounds on Dean.
For the first time in what feels like days, Dean truly recognizes Sammy’s voice. And Sammy’s the only one who’s there. The past…however many hours or days or weeks, are all just a nightmare blur of faces, voices, and memories. But it all feels a little clearer now. Partly because of the unrelenting headache. The resounding ache in every part of his body, like he’s been run over by an eighteen-wheeler.
The doctor continues, “Unfortunately, that’s not the biggest issue. The fact is, during the seventy-two-hour hold, your brother will go into withdrawal. Depending on the severity of his addiction, it can be a very dangerous process. A hospital would be able to help him through it, but it is something to consider.”
“Oh, thank God,” Dean mutters under his breath when he stumbles forward a few steps and sights the impala parked on the other side of the street. “Holy fucking shit, Baby.” Dean darts across the road without looking left or right; thanking Christ again that it’s a quiet street and there’s little incoming traffic to speak of.
Cas takes the remaining few steps to Dean’s bed. He wants to peel the pillow off Dean’s head, but he stays his hand, not sure how Dean will respond to touch right now. “Regardless, Sam and I would like you to try them.”
Dean’s eyes are already adjusted to the darkness outside, so he immediately sees the hulking shapes of Cas’s bed in the corner, a desk, and an armchair. And there’s a small, wooden cross, dark against the white wall. In front of this cross, there’s a silent, kneeling figure, rocking slightly, back and forth, toe to heel, muttering nearly soundlessly under their breath. It sounds like the whispering of the wind or the static between radio channels.
Dean lays there in the dark, staring at the slats of the top bunk above him, and he listens to the steady, slowing breaths of Ella and Micah as they’re eased to sleep. It takes Dean a little longer to let himself drift.
It’s not like Dean’s never thought about it before. Wondered what it would be like to feel scruff rub against his cheeks, chafe the inside of his thighs raw. How different the firm, hard body of a man would feel in comparison to a girl’s soft, yielding curves. And the gruff morning-after voice. The heavy brows and thick, steady hands.
“Did I see you out here talking to Kaia?” Benny’s voice comes from behind him, and Dean turns in time to see the church door close and Benny join him against the wall.
“I – I don’t think I wanna have…I always have sex the first night,” Dean rambles. “I don’t – I don’t wanna do that this time.”
Dean breaths in through his mouth, out through his nose, like Lisa taught him. Fucking Lisa. And Ben. Dean’s never told anyone – not Sammy or Cas or Mom – but he lurked around on Facebook for a while, found the kid, saw he was a junior at the University of Michigan. Typical fraternity bro posts. Beer and girls. Same goofy grin. Kid shared too much online.
“Dean, no,” Sam whimpers. His eyes swim with tears, and that ain’t right. Sammy ain’t supposed cry. Not when Dean’s still around to do something about it.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean says hoarsely. At least it’s a week away, he soothes himself. He can come up with a better story by then. He can rehearse it a little more so she doesn’t see the cracks.
Sam doesn’t understand. One moment it was a still, quiet July day. The next: outright war. And there must be something in the city’s summer air, all heavy heat and smog. It breeds violence in their veins, makes it so their blood boils, and they have to snap sooner or later or else they’ll explode.
Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Dean’s chest rise and fall from the rush of air. Sam takes his lips off Dean’s to inhale again, then he repeats the process.
In Purgatory there had been Benny. Until there wasn’t Benny. They never talked about it after they got back from Purgatory. Like it was some sort of screwed up Vegas thing.  And then Dean watched Benny’s head bounce one, twice, three times on the pavement as his body sunk to the ground, spilled blood out of its neck.
Dean swallows with difficulty. And then he nods. “Okay, Sammy,” not sure if he really means it, but too tired to argue if he doesn’t.
“No,” Dean says. And he’s not trying to be obstinate. He honestly doesn’t think he can handle talking about him and Sammy’s fight. It already hurt enough spilling to Charlie.
There’s another hard ache in the center of Dean’s chest; but this one feels happier than the one he gets when he thinks about Cas.
“I-I don’t wanna leave her,” Dean says. And, Goddammit, starts crying again. It’s like every time he bit back tears as a kid has swelled up inside him and spilled over. He feels so fucking broken. So wrong. And he can tell the valium is working, because his heart has slowed down, and there’s a lazy, whirling feeling to the world. But he can’t stop crying.
“Hi, baby,” a voice purrs into his ear. “You looking for a good time?” The girl is pretty. She’s got wavy brown hair, shiny and smooth in the low light. Hoop earrings the size of bracelets frame her cheeks. She’s wearing a purple, low-cut shirt that shows off a nice rack, and a short, tight skirt with fishnet stockings.
“Wow,” Luke stops a few paces away, staring Cas up and down. He doesn’t give Dean or the bellhop with their bags a second glance. “Little Cassie’s all grown up.” He’s got a nasally voice, and a coldness in his eyes that Dean’s never seen in Gabe’s. Dean immediately dislikes him.
“I don’t need help,” Dean says fiercely. He doesn’t mean to sound so aggressive, but his chest is tight and he can’t force the words up his throat otherwise. “What I need is for people to stop treating me like I’m a kid.”
“I know I was soulless,” Jack protests before Cas can get a word out. “But it was still me. It’s still my memories. It was still my power that –”
Dean breathes into the peaceful, comfortable darkness of Cas’s bedroom. He relishes the steady rise and fall of Cas’s chest against his own. The smell of his hair, close enough to Dean’s face that Dean can burrow his nose in it a little and not come off as strange.
“I left Jack at the bunker in case…” Cas trails off, chewing his lip, eyes glued to the road ahead. Sam doesn’t know what he was going to say. In case what? What exactly does Cas think they’re walking into, here? Some kind of attack or trap? Or just Dean again, maybe passed out drunk again or – God, Sam hopes not – with some girl he picked up from a bar.
“He’s detoxed before,” Cas cuts in again. “When he was in – before,” he finishes lamely, and Sam realizes that Cas was going to say
“Dean,” Cas says again. He grabs Dean’s upper arm. Dean can’t stop his head from spinning for long enough to yank himself free of Cas’s grip, so he reaches across and tries to ply Cas’s fingers away.
. The words echo inside Dean’s head for a minute without any meaning. His hands relax their hold on Sammy’s shoulders, but his little brother doesn’t move. Now that he’s finally meeting Dean’s eye, he seems incapable of looking away.
General warnings for panic, disassociation, and allusions to sexual violence - including an intense/complicated scene at the end. Please read the end note if you want more details.
He immediately pulls Jack back into a hug. Less intense this time. Just firm, comforting pressure, like he does for Ella when she wakes up screaming from nightmares. Like Cas does for him when he rides out a bad muscle spasm.
“Sorry,” Dean whispers. He’s not sure why he’s apologizing; it’s just that there’s suddenly a crushing sense of despair and inevitable failure on his ribs. This is really not how he thought this evening would go.
He’s never felt so free, so at ease, so without inhibitions than behind the wheel. Tires grumbling on the pockmarked pavement. Flat farming land spilling across the horizon. It’s like there’s no sense of time, no past, no future, no worries: just him and his baby. And it feels right. It feels okay.
And suddenly fear is all there is. It surges up from his belly like a tentacle and unfurls in his throat, choking him. Dean gags on it. It’s the second time today he’s been knocked breathless on his back. It’s like he’s pinwheeling, spinning without a tether through outer space. There’s a Ray Bradberry story like that. Spaceship explodes and sends the crew careening into open, gaping blackness. Their radios still work, and all the guy can listen to is the screaming of his crewmate as he hurtles through the darkness toward his eventual death.
There’s something warm and bubbly in Dean’s chest. Cain’s words don’t quite penetrate. He gets to – he still gets to see her? He gets to see her more often?
Castiel is a hypocrite. And the warring desires inside his heart – to cast this thought from his mind or to embrace it fully – makes it so he can hardly breathe.
“That cold still bugging you?” Donna asks when he unsuccessfully muffles a coughing fit into the crook of his elbow. It leaves his chest aching.
Dean doesn’t get much more work done while he waits. He battles with whether he’s supposed to call Sam or not, but he ultimately decides he’ll just watch what he says, and if anything makes him feel uncomfortable, he’ll let his lawyers know after the meeting.
And he tries to stop the wave of despair from crashing over him, because he knows this new rush of discomfort and sickness is a result of the drugs, and it feels like he’s slowly poisoning himself, one pill at a time. And now he just needs to take it again. And feel fucking miserable for another fucking day. And they just have him on the lowest dosage for the first two weeks, until he meets with the fucking psychiatrist again and he makes Dean take more.
“You do this at the garage?” Sam asks. Dean blinks his eyes open. Sam’s already picking at the edge of Dean’s band-aid, and he peals it off without waiting for an answer. Dean doesn’t bother trying to lie once Sam sees the scab; it’s not like the kid can’t recognize a cigarette burn.
Dean doesn’t even fight Sam when he brings out the sleeping pills. All Dean wants, right now, is to drift somewhere he doesn’t have to think, anymore. The meds finally drag him into blissfully empty, dark unconsciousness.
Cas has a hand on Dean’s arm, and Dean wants to tell him that he can fucking walk on his own, but the words don’t come, so he lets Cas guide him up the flight of stairs to the front door and out to the frontage road. Lets him bring him to the passenger side of the car – Sam’s car – not the Impala, and wait for him to climb into the seat before closing the door for him.
Kali and Gabe brought a fancy cheesecake, so they all eat cake in the living room and toast Cas’s good health with expensive champaign. Dean’s never been a girlie drink kinda guy, but he has to bite his lip to stop himself from accepting a glass regardless. This sobriety schtick is a load of bullshit, and Dean secretly ponders how long he’s actually going to last.
“You got something you wanna say to me?” Dean demands. He ignores Victor’s warning squeeze on his shoulder. “Why don’t you say it to my fucking face?” Dean crowds up to Christian’s chest. The guy’s only a couple inches shorter than Dean, but Dean’s got more muscle on him. And he’s Goddamn sick of Christian, been cleaning up his messes for as long as he’s been a Hunter –
Dean tells her briefly about Charlie, making sure to mention that Charlie is in no way, no how, of any sexual interest, because that’s the kind of thing Pam wants to know about.
Instead, he hides in Dean’s bedroom again and thumbs through more real estate listings in the area. The more he thinks about it, the more Cas warms up to the idea of moving somewhere else. An actual house.
The desire to cut off the choking emotion in his throat by sticking his lit cigarette against his hand is automatic. He’s been better, lately, at not reaching for a blade or a lighter when he gets stressed out. But the urge is always there. And Dean’s already cuffing his shirtsleeve to find somewhere that won’t show when his cellphone buzzes again.
He slogs through Friday, the only bright spot on the horizon being that he doesn’t have to work any weekend shifts and Charlie wants him to come over so they can play
“I don’t think I’ll get too close,” Charlie tells him. She looks festive: she’s wearing a fluffy sweater with a picture of the Grinch on it and a Santa hat pulled low over her ears.
Luke’s departure leaves a bad taste in Dean’s mouth. He wants to ask Cas if he’s okay – he put up with Dean’s ass all flight, after all – but Cas is silent and subdued as they finally make it into their hotel room. It’s Cas’s brother; Dean’s not going to just blurt out
“Jeez,” Dean says through the grin that’s tugging at his lips. He juggles his daughter so she’s face forward, chewing on one hand and staring around the unfamiliar house with wide eyes. She’s got her other hand tied tight in Dean’s flannel, holding on to familiar comforts. “Guess someone’s second best.”
Pain is good. It keeps him centered. It stops his mind from careening off in strange directions, dragging him with it. It keeps him present.
The house is empty. There aren’t any cars parked in the driveway. Cas doesn’t know how humans shop for houses. He glimpses the number of a real-estate agent on the sign, and he thinks maybe he should have called it, but, oh well, he knows how to get into an empty house. It won’t be a problem.
And he doesn’t mind meeting at his place. Dean messages him from the front seat of Baby, dick staying at half-mast, heart beating hard in his throat. That’s why Dean likes apps like this: no room for doubt or nuance. Spells it out for you.
Cas looks at how close Sam is to Dean, how large and looming he is, and remembers what the PTSD website said about not crowding people, about not touching people unless they wanted to be touched. But Dean doesn’t seem bothered by his brother’s proximity. He blinks at Sam’s face, nods tiredly, and Cas thinks that must mean Dean can hear and understand. At least, Cas hopes so.
But it’s Monday now, and Dean rushed over as soon as he could after work, even though it’s already pushing eight o’clock. Dean couldn’t let Cas wait another day for an apology.
“Do you and your, ah, partner have kids?” Dean makes awkward conversation. He knows things like that are complicated. Gay marriage isn’t legal in Missouri, so neither is adoption. He doesn’t know what the other options are.
“You don’t need to…engage with me romantically to make me stay with you, Dean,” Cas says. “You’re my best friend and my family. That’s all I need from you. In fact, it’s more than enough.”
He’s returning a coffee mug. He is not going to screw Cas. Chiefly because Dean doesn’t have irresponsible, emotionally bankrupt sex with people anymore. But also because he’s not sure that Cas even wants to screw him. Except he probably does. Because he gave him coffee. And that’s basically a preposition, right?
“Hey, easy, slugger,” Dean says. “Don’t hit the cripple.” He raises the brace on his right wrist as evidence, but Sam seems to be having trouble focusing on anything, right now.
Cas saves the website with a list of strategies for helping a loved one with PTSD on his notepad app so he can read it over in more detail later.
Cas still has the clothes he borrowed from Dean during their night out. Dean counts them as a lost cause. Charlie told him to talk to Cas, but that’s not actually going to happen. Dean doesn’t talk to people. Besides, what he did was pretty shitty. Cas isn’t gonna want to talk to Dean.
Cas comes to him that night. It’s not how Dean thought he’d come: in a nightmare. Cas’s voice transforming into Lucifer’s. Hell, maybe, with images of Alastair and blood. Or, if he was lucky, at the end of that dock on the lake, casting bobbers into the water.
“Dean,” Sam pants as he catches his breath. The relief in his voice is palpable; he clearly didn’t expect Dean to still be alive when he got back. “Gonna, gonna get you down, okay?”
Dean’s hands are numb. Just to prove he can still move them, Dean folds his fingers into fists. Bite his fingernails into the fleshy heels of his palms.
slips into Dean’s head, and his stomach clenches. His esophagus closes up. It’s suddenly harder to breathe. Harder not to let the doctor see.
said Dean, trying to keep his voice measured. He could barely hear himself through the blood pulsing in his ears.
“I have nothing to hide,” Cas says stiffly. Campbell stands, swinging his hat at his side. He disappears into the apartment behind Cas. Cas’s throat is tight. He swallows in an effort to relax his taut muscles. Deacon is shuffling his feet, clearly ill at ease with his partner’s behavior but unable to find the right words to say.
Bobby lets out an exasperated huff behind them. “Don’t mind me, I’m just gonna go back to bed,” he says.
“We’ll have to get you some other stuff, too,” Dean tells Miracle. It’s quiet in the bathroom, nothing but Miracle’s splashing and his own breathing to keep him company. “Like a collar and some toys, yeah? I don’t think Sasquatch is gonna like it if you chew up his shoes. And some treats, too, huh?”
the inappropriateness of this term because of its ties to Nazi eugenics. Please read their comment, linked above, or you can find it under chapter 30. Thank you for giving me space to grow and learn.
Sam blushes. “I mean – Cas seems like a nice guy, really, Dean. It’s just – you’re looking after a kid now. And you don’t exactly have the best track record –”
Dean ducks into the car. The interior is no less abhorrent: all crisp leather and wood paneling. Dean could gag. Cas takes his own seat. He’s still frowning in confusion.
“Yeah, yeah,” Bobby says, as uncomfortable with sincerity as Dean is. “Put your boyfriend on the phone for a sec.”
“Okay,” Sam says on an exhale. Sam’s hand inches to the back of Dean’s head. He lifts, and the motion makes Dean’s head spin. His stomach drops. Dean gasps reflexively as pain sears from one ear to the other.
Eileen casts Sam a slightly alarmed look when Hannah grabs her arm and pulls her toward the stove, and Sam looks apologetic. Dean chuckles and pushes his brother out of the room. He’d rather leave Eileen with the girls then any of the guys. And Dean’s glad to dump the dog with the ladies.
Cas is silent for a long time. Finally, he nods slowly, and his voice is calm as he says, “I understand. Thank you for being honest.”
Sam nods. And then a weird, heavy feeling settles into his chest, because Jack and Eileen obviously have everything well in hand in the kitchen and Cas is perfectly capable of watching Dean. And Sam’s the one who walked out in the first place, so of course there isn’t a place for him now. Because it’s not like he does anything but yell at Dean, anyway, like some kind of total jerk. Because that’s really the last thing Dean needs right now.
Dean’s cheeks alight with heat. He doesn’t think he’s ever been invited to a birthday party before. Even when he was a kid. “Thanks, dude. Of course I’ll go.”
,” Dean says. He leaps away, and then whatever kind of magical moment they’d been sucked into is shattered. “You – fuck.”
It takes a minute for Dean to understand what Cas is talking about, and when he does, something swoops in Dean’s stomach so violently that it takes away his breath. Because no. No. That hadn’t been Cas’s fault. That had been Dean’s. For God’s sake, Dean had kissed Cas, not the other way around.
“Dude,” Dean exclaims, walking over as Cas waves to him. “What the fuck are you driving? You look like my frikken pimp.”
BTW, I'm thinking about changing the summary so it better fits where the story ended up taking me - so keep a weather eye in case I switch things up!
“Let me sit up,” he says abruptly, voice remarkably clear, and he immediately tries to struggle into a sitting position. Cas slips a hand behind Dean’s back, braces his other arm across Dean’s chest, and lifts him. Dean seems to have trouble keeping his head up, and he fights to stop his chin from lolling toward his chest.
Jack and Cas are both standing at the stove, frowning thoughtfully at a pan of bubbling batter. Whatever it is doesn’t quite smell like anything Dean wants to eat.
Dean stays late to finish a 2009 Camry. It’s not until he’s on the bus heading back to his apartment that he remembers he was supposed to get his couch delivered today after work. Which should have been 15 minutes ago.
“Really?” Chuck cocks an eyebrow, and for the first time Dean sees a resemblance between he and Amara: their attitudes of unbearable cockiness are identical. A family of assholes. “Then why the convenient binding spell my favorite son is currently hiding under his robes? Metaphorical robes, that is.”
“Are you alright?” she says slowly and carefully, like she wants to make absolute sure he understands her.
And she deserved so much better. So much more then to die alone and scared in a bathtub, screaming as the blade flashed again and again. And what did she think about as she lay there choking on her own warm blood? Did she think about them: how Dean and Sam had dragged her into this? How they had doomed her from the first moment they fucking saw her?
The IV needle slips back into the crook of his elbow, glides cold, blessed relief into his veins, and everything goes black.
“You didn’t eat lunch?” Cas says, even though the evidence is right in front of his eyes. Part of him – a small, petty, and waspish side – wonders if Dean will still have the gall to lie about it.
Dean doesn’t look at the screen, just passes his eyes over the brightness and looks at his knees again. “Yep.”
“I must have passed out,” Eileen explains after, she, too, is sitting at the kitchen table, armed with her own glass of whiskey and a damp paper towel she holds interchangeably from one ear to the other. “When I came to, they were gone. I tried to call, but I couldn’t reach you.”
“She said –” Sam swallows again. Like he’s moving in slow-motion, his eyes drift from the side of Dean’s face to his eyes. Dean finally notices that his little brother’s eyes are wet. Sammy’s crying, he realizes. Sammy shouldn’t be crying. If Sammy’s crying, that means Dean’s messed up. “She said that Luca…knows about you and Cas-Castiel.” Sam trips over the words. He heaves a deep breath. “She said Luca killed him.”
So not only did Sam and Cas decide to just dump Dean there, they decided to fill the doctor in, too. Fucking great. Fantastic. Now Dean needs to figure out what they told him, because Dean needs to know how psycho the doc thinks he is.
Sam returns with an abashed smile. He sits back on the chair, and Eileen goes into the kitchen to fix her coffee with milk and sugar, seeing as Dean takes it black.
Mick hasn’t called yet. He probably will soon, after he knows Dean will be back from visitation. Dean doesn’t know how the news makes him feel, to know that everything could be decided in less than a month. He could lose everything in just four weeks. It’s sooner than he expected.
“So you know this place pretty well, then?” Dean asks. He taps the ash off the end of his cigarette. Bela’s is still unlit; he should probably ask if she wants a light.
His cell buzzed again. Dean inched his hand toward the phone on the bedside table. His arms were heavy, strangely unwieldy. Maybe he was getting sick. Maybe it was just the lifetime’s worth of built-up injuries finally coming back to bite him in the ass. But he’d woken up sore before. It never felt like this.
But Cas looks up, smiles grimly, “I understand, Sam,” he says firmly. And Sam thinks that maybe he really does. That Sam’s being unfair for assuming he’s the only one in this room totally out of his mind with worry about Dean. “You care deeply about your brother. So, you worry whether or not you’re making the best decision for his care. But, either way, that decision is made now.”
Dean shrugs, but he can’t quite help the upturn of his own lips. Something about Charlie’s smile is contagious. “Yeah, we’re okay.”
“What the hell did you do?” Dean roars, and he shakes Cas’s shoulders. Panic courses through his body, singing in the back of his head. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“You want one?” he offers. He knows she’s going to decline; no way is Cas’s pretty, Catholic sister going to want a cigarette, but it’s impolite not to ask.
this. For now, Dean communicates his love in other ways: in letting Cas hold him, in needing Cas, in wanting Cas, in cooking for Cas, and in asking Cas never to leave. And that can be enough.
It’s a surprisingly good evening, considering the fact that Dean was a pile of grubby, dejected blankets in a hospital bed earlier that day. And Sam seems to be reassured by the presence of Cas; at least he knows he won’t be leaving his brother totally alone.
Sam disappears into the kitchen. Dean hears the clatter of dishes and running water as he fills the coffee maker and gets out mugs. Bones come toward Dean again. Dean tries to hold him off, but pushing at its face turns into sort of patting its head.
Dean tries not to focus on the fact that Charlie has just confessed to watching Kali, Gabriel’s imposing, beautiful, Goddess-like girlfriend, having sex. Or the fact that a woman like Kali in leather actually sounds really great; not that Dean wants to consider any more than he has to that Charlie and him might have similar tastes in porn.
“Hi, Mr. Winchester? Dean?” The aide approaches. She’s got dark hair and large brown eyes. She smiles kindly. “My name is Duma. Will you follow me, please?”
“Cas says the nightmares are getting worse. You’re barely eating. You’ve clearly lost weight. A lot of weight. You look like crap. And you think I haven’t noticed the shaking hands? Cas says your memory’s blown to hell, you keep spacing –”
“Fuck no,” Dean says. “I don’t dance.” It might have been something he’d do in his twenties, but not at 32 with a bad leg.
Sam said when Dean didn’t reply. For a second it looked like Sammy’s face would crumble, but he collected himself with a deep breath and a furious blink. Dean didn’t want him to do that: close himself off like that. Dean wanted his little brother to fall apart, to cry, to stumble into Dean’s arms. Dean could cradle him like he used to when Sammy was a little boy and worried about Dad not coming home, afraid of the shadows and bumps in the night.
Dean tenses; they’re not really supposed to talk about the case away from their attorneys, especially not together. “No, why?”
“Of course,” Cas says. He stands. Dean realizes he’s wearing the same sweatpants and oversized smock that he was last night. He never left to get changed. He never left Dean at all last night.
So, Cas should be sleeping, but he doesn’t want to. Instead he sits in the bunker’s kitchen drinking tea – Sam’s that he forgot to bring with him to his new apartment. It’s bitter, but soothing. Cas likes it with a squirt of Dean’s honey. And when he’s not sitting and drinking tea, he is, as Dean would say,
“Well,” he stands. His chair scrapes against the floor. Miracle, who’d finally calmed down and rested by Dean’s feet while Cas explained, lifts his head. Dean raises  his hand on instinct, wanting to clap Cas on the shoulder, but Cas is sitting across the table, and he’s a little farther than anticipated, and it means Dean’s hand would come down on the back of Cas’s hand if he –
– with Cas started up, and they haven’t even had sex yet. And that’s definitely the longest by a large margin Dean’s ever slept with someone without getting into their pants or letting them get into his. It’s not like Dean doesn’t want to – he
Dean has no way of knowing whether he’s really crazy or if this is some kind of weird-ass spell or hex, if they’ve got him on drugs to make everything trippy or it’s some kind of venom. How can he even be sure that this doctor guy is real and not just Dean’s imagination like Dr. Cartwright had been back at the mental hospital with Sammy?
The kids are still peacefully asleep; they will be for about another half-hour until Ella tumbles out of bed, already a wiggling bundle of excitement over another day full of running through the sprinkler in the backyard, building and toppling block towers, and maybe a playdate with Uncle Sammy and little Dean. And Micah will bury his head in Dean’s chest and insist on another fifteen minutes of cuddle time, sitting in Dean’s lap as Dean wheels himself around the kitchen, pouring bowls of cereal and cups of orange juice.
“Does it help?” Sammy says suddenly, voice so quiet it’s almost nonexistent, like he’s begging Dean to say anything to make it better even if it’s a lie. “You know. The meds and stuff. Do they – are things better?”
“There’s this guy,” Dean starts haltingly. He doesn’t want to talk about Sam, or work, or meds, so the first thing that pops into his head is Cas. “He lives in the apartment under mine. He’s this weird artist dude who, like, paints pornos with his ex. But they’re classier than pornos.”
Fairly explicit and emotionally complicated sex scene in this one. See end note for spoilery content warning.
“Yeah, it was night,” Dean says. His face burns. He can’t look at her face. “I wasn’t – Dad was behind the wheel.”
Emma’s done with her milk. Cas grabs another napkin to wipe the drips around her mouth, then he reaches into his bag to dig out his jar of birdseed.
“These are going home with you. I don’t eat apples,” Dean says, swinging a sack of golden delicious at Sam’s head. Sam ducks.
Sam and Dean leave the dining room, head through the archway into the cluttered, musty sitting room. Samuel’s sitting in his favorite winged armchair. His feet are up on the coffee table. ESPN is on mute on the tv; it’s showing a poker tournament. Caleb is on the couch, beer dangling between his knees. They both look up when Sam and Dean enter the room.
“C-Cas –” Dean pulls away with difficulty, throat aching, breathless like he’s run a mile. It occurs to Dean suddenly that the last time Dean was in the studio alone with Cas, it was after the hearing, when Dean – when Dean tried to get Cas to make-out with him. The memory makes disgust writhe in his stomach. He has to make something clear. “I – if we do this –”
Alfie and Cas lead the way. Dean’s more than happy to hang back and let Cas catch up with his little brother. Alfie is an enthusiastic tour guide, pointing out the Freedom Trail, a line of red bricks inlaid into the road, and explaining which famous people are buried in the granary burial grounds. Cas is talkative enough when he gets on a subject that really interests him, but Alfie is more like Gabe in that he
Sam shakes his head. “No, definitely not. We’re not there yet. I mean, she,” Sam blushes, “she stays over a lot, but we’re not talking moving in yet.”
“Got anything worth drinking?” Campbell turns to Jo, hooks a barstool with his ankle and pulls himself up. He takes off his fedora and places it on the counter by his elbow. The flickering lights in the ceiling glare off his bald head.
Dean laughs. They’re silent for a minute. The kind of silence that burrows under Dean’s skin and makes him itch for something to say. It used to get him into trouble in school all the time.
It all feels so alien. So irrefutably not-Sam, that Dean can’t wrap his mind around it. And suddenly Dean’s back in that cramped campus apartment, picture frames on bookshelves made of plywood and cinderblocks, bicycle crammed in the corner, weird-ass modern art and plants. The fucking too-tight Smurfs t-shirt.
“Okay,” Sam says, but he’s already looking back at Dean. Dean’s eyelids flutter; he’s stopped yelling and has drifted into some sort of state between consciousness and a dead faint. Castiel still has his arms around him; he’s tight-lipped and blinking back tears.
Cas crosses the floor to Dean’s closet, pulls open the door, and emerges again with a pair of sweatpants and a hoodie. Dutifully, Dean drops the blanket. With shaking fingers, he snakes his tie out of his collar and shrugs off his jacket. He hesitates before reaching for the buttons of his dress shirt.
“Okay,” Victor says soberly. He’s always been good at cutting the bullshit. “It sounds like you’re rapid cycling, Dean.”
“Will you stay in here tonight?” Cas asks, like he already knows the answer, and Dean’s so infinitely thankful that his throat goes suddenly taught.
“Oh God,” Sam gasps. He shudders. “Dean, I –” he gulps twice, can’t focus on Dean’s face. “I left. I fucking – I just left – I –”
Cas lifts a hand. Dean stops with him in the middle of the floor. He cocks his head, such a familiar sight that it makes fondness blossom in the base of Dean’s ribs, and listens.
Michael leaves the Men of Letters’ bunker as soon as Dean and Castiel disappear through the portal. The bunker is not warded against angels, so Michael has free rein there. This is, perhaps, unwise. Yet Michael can’t exactly fault the Winchesters for it; after all, Michael no longer finds it strange for an angel to be best friends with a human.
October brings the first smattering of orange leaves in the park across the street, Charlie forcing Dean to imbibe a bona fide Pumpkin Spice Latte from Starbucks, and a jack-o-lantern of assorted candy outside Gabriel’s door.
Sam’s breath hitches. He tilts to the side, and Dean just lets him fall over, because he doesn’t look like he’s any immediate danger of swallowing his tongue or throwing up. He’s just shitfaced. Sam lands with his face in the couch seat. His shoulders shake under the towel; Dean’s not sure if it’s with renewed tears or just the cold.
The brothers finally detach. Alfie’s face is red and Cas’s eyes are wet. At least it’s a more successful reunion then last night’s with Luke.
Jack still looks puzzled, but he accepts Cas’s answer with a shrug and continues on his way back to his room.
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs. He doesn’t really want to hear it. He’s busy thinking about other things, now. Like the fact this is Heaven and he and Sam weren’t supposed to end up in Heaven. They’d pissed off Death so badly they’d earned themselves a one-way ticket to the Empty. And, truthfully, Dean’d kinda been looking forward to it. “That was Chuck’s fault, wasn’t it? If he wants to blame someone, blame that douchewad, not himself.”
“I gotta get back to my shift,” Alex says. “Either of you two breathe a word of this to Jody, and I’ll slip laxatives in your orange juice.” She turns to Dean and, much kinder, asks him, “You, um, need anything before I go?”
Cas’s heart sank, because he loved the little farmhouse, and he’d been excited to show it to Dean. He thought the clear air, sunlight, and large fields would be good for Dean instead of the musty, dank, and cold bunker.
“I insist,” Cas adds firmly, almost like it’s an inconvenience – like someone told him to come up here and give Dean coffee. So, maybe not flirting? Maybe just operating out of a skewed sense of social decorum?
Dean pulls himself on top of the dumpster with difficulty. Before, when adrenaline chugged feverishly through his body, he hardly noticed the pain, but now that he’s been walking through the sluggish, sultry air for the past ten minutes, the aches have had time to solidify in his bones. And everything hurts.
thing to hospital staff. Dean doesn’t care. The aide he’s stuck with is an older guy, Joshua. Dean remembers him from his last stay in Research. He’s got white at his temples and a calm, warm demeanor. He says he remembers Dean, as well, and Dean hates the idea that he’s becoming a revolving door patient. Joshua says Dean should ask him for anything he needs; perhaps he would like to go for a walk in the garden?
Donna sits on the couch. She’s got her eyes on Emma. Dean does, too. He can’t take his eyes off her. She’s slobbering all over her toy and speaking happy gibberish. She rocks a little more and scoots her butt closer to the rest of her toys. Dean shifts so she can’t move too far away from him, aware that he’s hovering, but totally incapable of stopping himself.
“Can you tell me if you hear voices, see things that aren’t there? Do you have trouble telling the difference between what’s real and what’s not real?”
“At this point, that decision rests with the mother,” Mick says kindly. “But I think it’s certainly worth asking once we get there.”
“I wondered if you –” Cas clears his throat, suddenly feeling strangely nervous. And he tries to remind himself that asking to watch television with either Sam or Dean is not exactly a novel occurrence. “There is a show called
that tells Dean he’s doing the thing where he rambles with too much detail to avoid talking about the actual issue.
“I’m serious,” Dean tries again, keeping his voice level and kind, feeling guilty about egging her on. “If you need someone else here, I can call them.”
Dean swallows down the impulse to bite Sam’s head off again or push up from the table and just give up entirely on a nice, quiet breakfast with his brother.
The waiter approaches and takes their drink orders. Charlene gets a sparkling water with lemon. Marv says water’s just fine. Dean gets a coke.
Cas nods. He slowly releases Dean, as if testing whether or not Dean will stay on his feet. He takes a step back and nods again. “Let me know –” he starts again. “Just call if you need anything.”
“She’s fourteen months,” Eileen pipes up, returning with her coffee. “She probably doesn’t form memories yet. She’ll just be happy to see you.”
“You two enjoy now,” Bess tells them, squeezing her way through a group of young people milling around the register, rattling out complicated coffee orders.
Dean finds himself unconsciously grinning at the sight, and he can’t help but wonder what it would’ve been like if he’d actually taken Charlie up on her offer – could he have gotten Meg and Cas to join them, as well? Probably. Almost definitely. Flirting is what Dean does. It’s turning it off that’s the hard part.
Dean stumbles through the door to the bunker. It’s been two weeks, maybe, since he’s last been there. He’s been away for longer so many times before. But it feels different. Feels wrong. It doesn’t feel like home anymore.
.” For a minute Sam just gapes, like he doesn’t have words enough to explain how angry he is. He threads his hands into his long hair and tugs, pulling his forehead taught.
Michael tosses his dart underhand toward Dean, and Dean catches it neatly. He turns swiftly and jerks his head toward the door. The Angels noiselessly follow him out, and the door slams firmly behind them.
And Dean remembers that Eileen’s parents are dead, too. He thinks about how she’d been in Hell for two-hundred years, how she wasn’t going to let anything stand in the way of living her life.
“God, why’d I agree to this,” Dean moans. He stomps over to Charlie’s bathroom and folds his arms, blowing out an exasperated breath, but Charlie doesn’t seem convinced. She shoots Cas a conspiratorial grin before she starts attacking Dean’s eyelids with a tiny pointy brush.
“How’d you, ah,” Dean clenches his jaw and swallows. “How’d you decide your kid was better off with you than without you?”
, Cas said, just a little over an hour ago. And fuck. Because, yeah, this is torture for Sam, but Sam can’t imagine –
Dean doesn’t turn around. He just keeps walking. He doesn’t know what’s wrong with him. He needs to get somewhere quiet. He needs to get off the fucking street.
“Just dump it wherever,” Charlie instructs him, coming through the door with a couple of sacks of clothes – probably all graphic tees. Dean leaves the boxes under the window in the living room, takes a minute to wipe the sweat off his face, and heads back through the door, nearly plowing into Cas, who’s taking the stairs to the second story with an armload of Dean’s things.
“Many people do consider me an ‘odd duck,’ yes. As for whether my mother is a bitch, you’ll be able to decide that for yourself tomorrow.”
For a while, the doctors didn’t know if Dean would be able to walk without a limp – but that was after the doctors worried that he’d lose his leg entirely, and after the doctors worried that he wouldn’t wake up at all, or, if he woke up, it’d be with some irreversible brain damage from the swelling in his left cerebral cortex.
Dean wants someone to pull his head back by the hair, bear his throat, suck bruises into his skin. Dean wants to hurt. His body tingles with a sudden, irrevocable, and startling need. And he almost opens his mouth. Almost opens his Goddamn mouth. Because maybe Benny –
Dean is crying. He’s boneless on top of Cas. Chest to chest, and Dean’s shoulders are heaving with quick, muffled sobs. Just trying to breathe. His tears turn Cas’s shoulder warm and slick. Cas’s hands are steady when they land on Dean’s back.
“Anything good on there?” Dean nods to the laptop, playing something that sounds like a fight scene with lots of swelling orchestral music. “Cuz I could show you a couple a’ good sites.”
“Fine,” Dean huffs. He knows he’s deteriorating rapidly into the sullen and obstinate stance he adopts when he’s fed up and exhausted and sick of being told what’s best for his own mind and body. But then he remembers that he fucking decided to be here. Benny told him that he has to choose. He has to choose every Goddamn day to do what’s best for Emma. Even if Dean doesn’t give a shit about getting better, he wants his daughter to have a dad who’s not as unstable as John Winchester.
What the fuck was he thinking? Why the fuck did he agree to come on this trip? He’s doing everything in his power to not turn tail and spring out of the airport. His hands are clenched in tight fists, and he urges himself to find an anchor in the slight pinch of pain between his nails and palms. He can’t sit still: one second he’s pacing circles around the gate, the next he’s staring out the window, watching the planes fly in and trying not to think that, in a few minutes, that’s where he’ll be: hurtling toward his death.
Good sex, Castiel explained, involves pleasure. Pleasure is complicated, because all human beings experience pleasure in different ways. Some experience pleasure through pain, others through gentleness. Some prefer to dominate a sexual experience, while others prefer to submit, and still others do not have a preference.
Garth, Bess, and Gertie, their precocious six-year-old, arrive soon after. Garth is carrying a crockpot which Dean hopes contains Bess’s iconic mac and cheese, and he has one arm slung around his very pregnant wife. Gertie immediately darts toward Dean and Lizzy, and then declares through a gap-toothed smile that, “Mamma’s pregnant, and not with just one baby, but
“Cas, lie down,” Dean tries. He reaches for Cas’s arm, but Cas dodges him – and – fuck, yeah – don’t touch him, right now. Instead, Dean pulls down the covers of the nearest bed.
Wordlessly, Cas takes a hand off the wheel and reaches across the divider between the two seats to take hold of Dean’s hand. Dean lets him, because he figures his constant jittering is probably getting on Cas’s nerves.
“If you’re about to tell me you don’t go for dick, I’m about to tell you that you should expand your horizons. Come to the gay side, we have cookies.”
But then a quiet, insidious voice lets Dean know that, if he calls Sam now, Sam is going to know something’s wrong. Sam is going to bring Dean to the hospital again.
“Sam,” Dean says, letting his voice drop into advice territory. Because, sure, Dean’s a mess, and Sammy has to do more than his fair share of cleaning up after him, but that doesn’t stop Dean from being Sam’s big brother. “You’ve been seeing her for two months, man. Pump the breaks a little, ‘kay?”
He thumbs open the screen and sees that it’s five to midnight; they left Sam and Eileen’s about an hour and a half earlier, immediately prepared for bed after their forty-minute drive from Sam and Eileen’s two-bedroom town apartment to Cas and Dean’s one-story ranch in the middle of nowhere, and then spent the last twenty minutes having leisurely sex. What could Sam possibly
“Jesus, Dean, tell me what you really feel,” Sam snaps. “I don’t know what’s got you tense this morning. But you shouldn’t take it out on me.”
“I’m sorry it was so rough,” Lydia says sympathetically. “She can be a handful when she doesn’t get her way.”
“He’s okay,” Dean says, rocking Cas in his arms. “He’s back. He’s alright. It’s okay, sweetheart. It’s okay.”
“What, I’m too short for a stormtrooper?” Donna teases. “I don’t go in for the stick-up-the-ass approach. I’m here for this little pumpkin, and I figure I can do just as good a job being friendly as being a jackass.” Donna jiggles Emma in her arms and puts her nose in her face. “Can’t I, sweetheart? You wanna go to your daddy?”
“Say the word, I’ll take you out for sundaes any time, kiddo,” Dean says with a wink, only half kidding.
“Dean,” Pam cuts in soothingly. “Today you tried. You got out of bed and got ready. You tried so hard you nearly collapsed in on yourself. So next week you’re going to try again, but this time you’re going to remember what the roadblocks were today, and you’re going to get past them. Even if it’s just to get a little further out the door. No one said progress can only be measured by the size of the step forward. Hell, it’s still a damn step, and that’s good enough.”
And Dean’s happy for the girl. M. Especially because Dean only knows bits and pieces of her story, but it’s enough to know it wasn’t good: religious fanaticism and untreated pneumonia. She will undeniably be better off with someone who actually cares about her, especially considering she’s already 15, and getting families to foster, let alone adopt, teens is next to impossible.
“Couple a’ idjits,” Dean agrees. He gives her a squeeze and tries to not reveal how hard his hands are shaking. It’s like he was going to get hit by a car, but it missed by an inch, and now there’s just a whole lot of adrenaline he doesn’t know what to do with.
But now the mustard seed has taken root and sprouted. It’s spread its giant branches through every twisting avenue of vein and capillary. It pumps full of blood every time his heart beats. Swells with every lungful of breath.
Without a word, Sam digs the keys out of his pocket and tosses them to Dean. Dean catches them. His fingers feel numb, but he catches them.
Somewhere in the back of his head, Dean is aware his phone is ringing. It’s inside his coat on the passenger seat. It’s probably Sammy or Cas calling to check up on him. They’re probably worried. And they shouldn’t be.
Dean lets his other hand wander to Cas’s chest, splays his hand there, feels Cas’s firm chest under his shirt, wants to dive below to press his heel against Cas’s crotch, massage him to hardness, fit his dick between his lips. Kneel on the pavement in the alley outside, don’t choke, be a good boy and swallow if they want you to. Get the money first. Don’t wine unless they like it. Breathe through your nose. Grow your hair long enough in the back so they have something to hold onto.
“Oh, thanks,” Sam says. He takes the box out of Castiel’s arms and sets it on the counter. It rattles as it moves, and Dean winces in sympathy for the poor schmuck that is himself tomorrow morning when he’s going to have to wake up without coffee.
“Um, hi,” Dean says. He pushes the plate toward her; they were fresh baked when he left, but they’ve cooled off on the way.
because he needs the pain – God, he needs anything so he can pull himself up for long enough to take a breath – just needs to take a fucking breath. Rakes his fingernails down his arms, catching flecks of skin on the way down, leaving red ropes down his forearms.
It’s 24 hour visiting hours in the intensive care unit, so Sam and Cas take it in turns. At least, Sam tells Dean they do, but so far he’s only been awake when Sam is there. Sam tells him that Dean was out for fifteen hours after his surgery and, by the time he’s woken up again by a doctor who does an uncomfortable and invasive test that involves poking him everywhere – he means everywhere – to see what his sensory and muscle function is like, it’s been another ten hours, which means it’s been a full day since he’s seen Cas.
“We are in the clouds,” Cas whispers, knowing he has done again what Anna always reprimands him for: starting in the middle of a dialogue that has, until this point, only been one-sided.
“Zip guns?” Ash says quickly. The words leave a pulse of nausea behind in their wake, and Sam hides his unease by shuffling into a more relaxed stance.
“Dean –” Cas says in surprise, maybe reproach, certainly confusion because Dean knows he’s not exactly giving him clear signals, right now. But Dean can’t help it, so he curls in deep, presses into Cas until Cas gets the point and spreads his arm over Dean’s back, holds him close.
Dean wants nothing more than to hoist Cas up so he can wrap his legs around Dean’s thighs, spends hours licking into his mouth –
“Shh,” Cas says again. He nudges the pill between Dean’s lips. Out of another pocket in his cavernous coat, he pulls out a water bottle. Dean chokes back the pill. Then Cas puts the mouth of the bottle to Dean’s lips, tips it. Dean swallows. Takes a slow, shuddering breath.
Dean tugs on his jeans and switches out his dress shirt for a black t-shirt and a red button down. It’s one of his favorite looks. He’s not someone who spends a helluva lot of time on his looks – Dad always thought any kind of vanity was girly – but he likes the combination of the dark red with his eyes and skin tone. As he gives himself a pass in the mirror, he can’t help but wonder how Charlie’s mascara would look, but he swiftly dismisses the thought. He runs his hands through his hair and tugs his amulet from under his collar, so it lays against the black shirt.
A high wine of fear leaks out from behind Dean’s mask. And he’s tilted up on the bed to help his breathing, but the hard pressure of the raised platform is a poor substitute for Cas’s warm, firm chest.
Dean gets off the bus a block before Singer’s Auto so he can swing by Dunkin’ for an overpriced cup of black coffee. He wonders if he’s doomed for rest of his life to think about Cas every time he drinks coffee, now. He vows to return the mug that night because that way he will, one, actually have an excuse to see Cas again, and, B, he can just stop obsessing over it, already.
“You are racing to your death!” Anna shouts at him. Spit flies from her lips. Castiel has seen her angry many times. Anna has a temper as fiery as her hair, Mama used to say. But Castiel has never seen her this angry. “Luca is looking for him! Luca will kill him! And if he finds you with him, he will kill you, too!”
Dean carefully detaches himself. He rolls off Cas and sits up, but he doesn’t get out of the bed. Truthfully, the warmth and physical contact was helping him stay grounded, too.
“There’s, um,” it takes a minute for Dean to find his voice. “There are all those old cars in the garage.” It’s been handy having them around – but it was better when they had other hunters living here, too. Now no one’s used any of them in about two years. They’re just sitting there gathering dust because Dean hasn’t had the time to wash them lately –
“Oh, wow, ah…” Dean sputters. Because that’s like – Cas is flirting, right? Dean flirted and then Cas flirted, and that’s what’s happening right? And fuck. Fuck. Because that was exactly what Dean wasn’t supposed to be doing anymore.
Sam rushes forward and presses his brother back against the mattress. “Dean,” he says. “I’ve got you. Come on, man.” Dean is obviously weakened from the abuse his body’s taken over the past few days, but his panic makes him unexpectedly strong, and he cracks his forehead against Sam’s in what might be an accident or might just be a reflexive response to being pinned down.
“Anyway, we’re playing this Tuesday at eight,” Charlie brings them back to the Dungeons and Dragons conversation.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, although he doesn’t look away from the painting he’s frowning at. “Are you already back from work?”
“Hey, Dean?” It’s Sammy this time. So close Dean could reach out and touch his face. “Hey, man. You’re going to be alright, okay?”
It’s about all that can be said. It’s not like they can go back in time. Dean can’t change his choices. He can’t erase the fact that there wasn’t anything else he could do. He can’t change Dad. He can’t make Dad more present for their childhoods. He can’t give Dad a steady job. Sam can’t make this one better; it’s just something he’s going to have to swallow. Dean learned how to do that a long time ago. And now Dean’s going to have to come to terms with the fact that Sam knows. That, no matter how much he might object, this singular fact will change how Sam views him. It’s impossible not to. Sam will either view Dean now as a victim or as a whore. Dean’s not sure which one’s worse.
“Dean Winchester, the Hunter?” Anna continues. Cas feels his heart break. He knows: he has lost his sister. He has chosen Dean; Anna is gone from him.
,” Dean protests before stuffing a handful of colorful candies into his mouth in an effort to dodge the question. Rendering himself silent, however, proves the wrong move, because it just leaves more quiet for Charlie to fill.
This is it, Dean knows: time to bite the bullet. He takes a deep breath and lays his fork and knife on the side of his plate.
“I don’t know a ton about parenting, Dean,” Pamela tells him. “But I know every parent is scared to hell they’re gonna screw up their kid. And, shit, all of them do in some way or another.”
There are two cars in the driveway, one for Lydia, and Dean figures the other belongs to the social worker. Dean can’t tell if he’s more nervous to be spending two hours straight with his daughter or about being under the hawk-eye of another social worker; he’s never really had the best of luck when it comes to CPS.
“Talk about what?” Cas says. His brow pinches, just like it used to when everything about humans was puzzling and strange: toothpaste, traffic lights, water bottles, and toasters.
Cas is beginning to think that his Grace will never return. That, perhaps, at last he’s truly Fallen. And then he wonders, is it even possible to be an Angel of the Lord when there is no longer a Lord to be an Angel of?
Isn’t that what psychologists talk about? Self-reliance. Independence. Advocating for his own well-being for a change. Wasn’t that what Dr. Fuller told him and Dean when they were on that wraith case for Martin?
Dean shakes his head. He inches back onto his side, curls up with his back to Cas. Maybe it will be easier to ask it if he can’t see Cas.
“Great,” Dean squeaks, cuffing his palms on his jeans. Maybe it was the discussion at the party that gave Dean the shove he needed, but the next Monday he called Mick and set up a consultation.
. It’s not fair when Dean’s supposed to be able to handle this. It’s not fair to Lydia, who deserves a good night’s sleep, for once. It’s not fair to Dean because – because he’s Emma’s dad, dammit, and he’s supposed to know what to do. He’s supposed to be able to make it better.
“You fucking try anything, and I’ll deck you,” Dean hisses into Sammy’s ear when he gets close enough.
low in his throat at Dean’s sound of distress and rolls Dean over onto his back. Dean is weak from tears, from the residue of the fight, from the poisoned blood pumping through his body that makes him pliant in Cas’s hands, and Dean is ragdoll-limp in Cas’s arms.
Dean cracks open an eyelid. His reflexes are shot, because Cas is literally right next to him, and Dean really should have woken up and grabbed for his gun under his pillow before he let anyone get so close to him while he was sleeping.
All the air in the guy’s body rushed out of his mouth in a strangled shout of agony. He doubled over, hands over his dick, blood dripping from his bitten fingers onto the floor. There was blood on the guy’s lips, too. He must have bitten his tongue when Dean hit him with his head.
Sam feels about two-inches tall. Not for the first time he marvels at how much they don’t deserve Cas. Then, he realizes he’s just standing stupidly in the middle of the hallway so he kicks himself toward the kitchen, thinking idly about pouring himself four fingers of whiskey.
Cas is the newest one to the game, and Charlie keeps pausing to explain things to him, looping Dean in, too. The others don’t seem to mind; they overall seem like a friendly, patient group, more interested in having fun than being competitive.
“Very good,” Pam says. She’s still smiling. “Sobriety ain’t gonna be a picnic, Dean. But I think a twelve-step program under your belt will be a good sign for a judge.”
, or whatever. But Dean’s not going to sit here and talk to a stranger about being tied down to a bed. About being drugged out of his mind, kept so docile he can barely open his eyes. About wearing those stupid, tissue paper-thin gowns while people poked and prodded his body. The indignity of it. The vulnerability. The total lack of self and choice.
“I –” Castiel’s head spins. There are too many thoughts, and it’s difficult to form words. “Yes, Dean. If that’s the way you prefer –”
“Babababa,” Emma tells him, waving the book and falling onto her butt. She bounces a little but seems entirely unbothered by the change in altitude. Dean rolls onto his side and crawls over to her, which hurts his bad knee, but whatever, he’s not risking a headrush by standing up.
He makes his way back over to Sam. It’s deadly quiet in the garage in the wake of Dean’s anger. Dean can hear every honk, cuss, and grind of tires on the street outside as evening commuters start making their way back to their white-picket-fence homes and wives wearing frilly aprons and bright smiles, just like in
“We’re going to bring your brother to the psychiatric unit, now. Don’t worry, Mr. Campbell. He’s in good hands.”
Dean’s placed in a one-to-one after his conversation with Victor, so Dean figures his shrink probably spilled the beans about the whole
so Cas extracts his arm from between them and lays it across Dean’s shoulders. Dean shifts slightly, maybe on instinct, to fit himself into the space under Cas’s chest and arm. And Dean feels a little like dead weight, like he can’t hold himself up anymore.
“I can’t do this without you, Dean,” Sam says tremulously, looking into the corner of the room. There are tear on his face. His skin is all splotchy and swollen, which means he’s probably been crying on and off at Dean’s bedside for a while, like some kind of hysterical wife. Sammy always was a crier. Every time he does it, it makes Dean remember him as a little kid, crying over spilling his bowl of cereal or ripping his stuffed rabbit or losing one half of his favorite pair of shoes.
“Sam, get in the damn car!” Eileen yells, leaning across Jack. She looks concerned and a little pissed off. “You’ll make yourself sick.”
Dean’s snapped off the lights and drifted into a light doze when he’s abruptly brought back to consciousness by the sound of urgent knocking. Dean’s brain immediately cycles to the usual catastrophes: the building’s on fire, someone’s dead, it’s the police, someone’s in the hospital –
“I love you, Mom,” Dean whispers when he can talk again. “I love you, and I miss you so much. I’ll – I’ll bring Emma around to meet you, okay? As soon as I can. Maybe when it’s a little warmer.” He chuckles a little, suppressing a shiver in the cold wind and hugging his arms close to his chest.
It certainly makes Cas shut up. Cas swallows a couple times. He’s still looking straight out the windshield.
Dean feels his face get hot again. In fact, sweat beads at his hairline, and his vision goes out of focus. Then comes the dizziness, and Cas grips his arm and lowers him slowly onto his back on the mattress. Dean stares at the ceiling, and his heart races in his throat. It’s like he just got finished with a run, except he’s literally lying down.
Cas is rubbing Dean’s back. It feels nice. A steady, slow rhythm. Dean keeps going. “There was a guy once who wanted more. He wouldn’t take no for an answer, so he tried – and – and I almost killed him. I might have killed him. I don’t know. I stole his wallet and ran. I didn’t leave the hotel for the next week because I was scared shitless the police would show up, and – and Dad already proved he didn’t care if I rotted in jail. And that was only stealing. Murder would’ve been…yeah.”
The thought of food makes Dean’s stomach squirm, and he raises his hand, shakes his head. “I’m good. Thanks.” He crosses the room, takes his mug, and swallows a slug of coffee, which burns his mouth but manages to settle a bit of his nausea.
Dean is distracted by Castiel’s coffee so badly through work that Rufus snaps at him twice to get his head out of his ass. Dean knows he’s overthinking things. He fixates on shit. He always has. But that doesn’t make it any easier to
Castiel looks momentarily pleased with himself before concern ghosts back across his face. “Will you be able to sway the meeting? Convince them to go with skin?”
Charlie doesn’t want to be his friend because Dean’s a good person. She’s just lonely. She just got dumped. She’s clearly just looking for a shoulder to cry on. Like a platonic rebound. Once she finds someone else – someone better or someone she can actually hookup with or someone who isn’t batshit insane – she’ll leave Dean in the dust. Dean isn’t a permanent kind of person. He’s someone people use: for a quick lay, to fix their car, babysit their kid a couple times while they teach late-night yoga at the Y, take care of Sammy while Dad goes out to get sloshed, for monthly checks to –
“What did you make?” Sam asks eagerly, reaching a hand to peak under the tin foil Dean spread across the pans.
“Have you…” Cas frowns, clearly uncertain how to continue. “Have you had issues with disassociating before now?”
That couldn’t be what happened, he tries to reassure himself. He thinks he remembers her taking the reins. She kissed him against the wall. She shoved him toward the bed. He remembers she was firm and assertive in bed. She was – she was definitely into it, right?
It’s a good enough night to go out again, so Dean takes himself to whatever corner bar is grungy enough it won’t attract the local hipster crowd, but upstanding enough the booze won’t leave him blind.
“Dean, listen,” Sam begins delicately. “I get that you’re upset about Emma. But you’re seeing her again on Wednesday. This was what? The second attempt? And it was a really busy day for her yesterday. She met a lot of new people. She was just overtired.”
seemed especially intense right now because he’d just lost his twenty-years old coping mechanism. And it’s not like Dean even wanted to stop drinking. If he hadn’t stopped drinking, then none of this would be an issue now.
It’s a blur of paperwork and signatures and legalese. Dean’s left shellshocked and a little winded. He keeps replaying Cain’s voice in his head:
“Yeah,” Charlie pauses to yawn. She pats her palm against her open mouth. Then she stretches out her shoulders. “That’s night life, bitches.”
“Hungry?” Dean says gruffly to compensate at the mushiness in his chest he gets from seeing Cas smile.
The doctor’s expression is unreadable. “Your brother mentioned your father frequently drank, but you don’t think he had an alcohol problem?”
“So, what do you think, Dean?” she offers. “Just say the word, and everything can go back to the way it was”
If Shay’s surprised, she doesn’t show it. Instead, she laughs lightly. “Inflation. You know how it is. A girl’s gotta eat.”
“None of your business, Frenchie,” Michael says. He’s tossing a baseball from one hand to another. Another member of the gang – Sam thinks it might be Raphael – has a baseball bat over his shoulder.
Dean doesn’t get much sleep that night. It’s a combination of the oppressive heat that makes his sleeping bag stick to his skin and a sizzling, staticky feeling in his bones. Dean hasn’t had his own place for four years. It feels strange. It feels somehow like Dean’s doing something
“Dean,” Cas tries again. His eyes are rounded with concern, and Dean’s done something to him; Dean can tell, even if he can’t remember what he did. He just knows he’s hurt Cas again. Like that time with the Mark. Beat him bloody. Felt the bones snap under his fists. All he ever does is hurt him.
“Hey, Mikey,” Dean says at once, moving closer so Micah can stand up and clutch at his pant leg. Dean wishes he had the dexterity and balance to bend in half and pull his son into his arms, but he puts his hand in Micah’s bushy hair, trying to translate a sense of calm. Micah doesn’t do well meeting new people.
“Dean, listen to me,” Pam says softly. “Yes, mental illness is genetic. It is very possible your daughter could also develop bipolar, but it is not, by any means, a guarantee. And if she does? There are few better that can parent a child with mental illness then someone who has already learned to manage that illness. You’ll be able to catch warning signs sooner and relate to her in a way someone else won’t. Every child –
“Ow!” Charlie wines, rubbing the place on her hip that Dean snapped with his jacket. “No excuses! I had to find out from your
Cas moves his hand from Dean’s cheek, gently threads his fingers under Dean’s chin, and lifts his face. Dean can’t focus on Cas’s face. His depth perception is shot, and his vision is fuzzy in one eye where the swelling’s the worst. But Dean can see the blueness of Cas’s eyes flashing in the moonlight. His face is no longer hard or blank with hatred. Instead, he looks soft and concerned, almost like a little boy confronted by something he doesn’t understand.
, Dean thinks, before the fact that he’s in a hospital sinks like a knife into his chest. So maybe he’s dying, or maybe someone else is dead, and maybe Dean killed them. He kills so many things.
“It’s okay,” Sam says. And he sounds a little desperate. Sounds like maybe he’s crying. “We just want you to be okay.”
Sunday night, after visiting hours, Dean’s mood drops again, aware that he has missed yet another visitation with Emma. He knows she’s too young to register he’s missing, but that doesn’t mean he’s not a terrible father. Donna sent him a message hoping for his quick recovery, but there wasn’t anything relayed from Lydia. It’s stupid; Dean knows he shouldn’t have gotten his hopes up. It’s not like Emma can draw cards, yet. But he just wants to see her. He wants to treasure what little time with her he might have left.
But he’s shaking. He’s shaking, and he can’t pull himself together, even for Bobby, who’s never hit Dean before in his life, but he’s got a hand raised like he’s ready to slap Dean across the face.
“Yes!” Dean blurts out. “I’m not supposed to – it’s not supposed to be like this. I’m supposed to be able to take care of my own shit.”
Then it’s back down the stairs for more crap. All in all, it takes four hours and to get everything unloaded from the cars, and all six of them – after Meg shows up halfway through with a half-drunk can of Monster and a burst of snark – are coated in sweat and exhausted by the end of it.
Cas tightens his hold around Dean’s torso. He drops his face into the crook of Dean’s neck, presses a kiss to Dean’s smooth, pale skin. “I won’t,” he promises, relaxing his fingers so his palm lays flat against Dean’s back. “Dean, I’m here. I won’t leave.”
“Wh-where would we go?” Cas says stupidly. Stupidly, because, logically, he knows this is nothing but a dream. They have no money. Cas cannot leave his family. There is nowhere that would have them. Cas understands that the world they live in will not take kindly to him and Dean.
Dean shakes his head. “You still don’t know how to take care of yourself. Sit,” he orders, and points at the edge of his bed, which, until a half-hour ago, he’d been planning on crawling into. “You better still like peanut butter and banana sandwiches, because I gotta get rid of this fruit somehow.”
voice that he probably downloaded directly from a “How to Support a Loved One Who Struggles With Depression” blog. “Glad you came.”
Dean sees Sam’s attempt for what it is – a distraction technique. Dean decides he’ll let his brother get away with it. “They the gross ones you make with wheat flour?”
“Fuck, Cas!” Sam shouts. Horror gives way to pure reflex. “Do it now!” There’s no way to know how long Dean’s been lying here, not breathing. His heart’s still going, but Sam can’t be sure it will for much longer.
“Cas,” he says gently. Mostly he wants Cas to stop hitting his head. “Cas, I’ve got you, buddy.” He grabs ahold of Cas’s arm, and Cas moans and tries to tug away, but Dean doesn’t let go. His heart twists; he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do – he doesn’t want Cas to feel unsafe, but they need to get out of the fucking closet and somewhere private.
The hospital released Dean after a week, with strict order to finish out his 10-day course of antibiotics and use the inhaler whenever he had trouble breathing. They told him most of the chest pain and congestion should clear up in three to four weeks, and the breathlessness in five to six, fatigue might stick around for longer. Bobby had told him sternly that he better not see him in the garage until at least next Monday. Jesus, pneumonia sucked.
“You gonna run off again?” Dean asks, but the idea of scolding her doesn’t stick around. He can’t exactly blame her for having more energy than he has.
And then Sam remembers he was supposed to call Jody with an update. It’s probably way passed his designated twenty minutes.
Meg’s taken her jacket off in the heat of the bar. She’s wearing a spaghetti strap tank top underneath, which accentuates her jutting shoulder blades and clavicle. He gets a closer look at the tattoos on her shoulders and down her arms: block letters spelling out strange words and wispy, occult-like symbols. Dean thinks he recognizes a pentagon.
“Okay, okay,” Dean surrenders, lifting his hands to shoulder height. Her point is granted more evidence when he starts coughing again. He covers his mouth with his elbow and wheezes into his shirt sleeve for a minute. When he catches his breath again, Dean quickly makes sure there’s no blood left on the fabric; it’s clean. Maybe he imagined it before.
Bobby turns and smiles loosely, “Didn’t think I’d cut it as a father. Who’d have thought I’d get stuck with you three hellions?”
Whoever last owned him trained him well because Miracle bounds onto the bed at Dean’s direction. The firm weight of the dog lands on Dean’s legs, and Dean reaches around on instinct; he’s not hugging a dog, for Christ’s sake, he’s just…he’s just holding on. The fuzzy warmth of Miracle is comforting and solid. Even though Sammy clearly hasn’t given him a bath yet. Mutt still stinks.
Cas is still looking at Dean, but now he looks vaguely intrigued. There’s a tiny pucker between his eyebrows. “Is that why you came outside?” Cas inquires.
But the next morning Dean was better, and he insisted that the farmhouse was alright, that he’d be alright, that he was being foolish, and it was okay. They’d be okay. And it would be good. A move would be good. For Jack. For Cas. For Dean. They’d be alright. That was three weeks ago and, for the most part, they have been alright.
Cas keeps up an endless stream of whispered comforts. Finally, Dean quiets until his eyelids droop. Soon he’s nearly asleep.
“Ah, no,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck. He really doesn’t want to get stuck with small talk, right now. Besides, he needs to get to work; Bobby let him take a two-hour lunch today as long as he worked late this evening. “Came about something else.”
The thought slinks like venom into Dean’s belly. Because Cas might have come to his senses, might have rightfully decided Dean was worth too much trouble, and might decide to just stay home. It’s already been a little while – more than enough time for Cas to get his stuff and follow Dean to the garage – Cas should be there, by now.
“Love!” Anna scoffs and tosses her hair again. “A boy who kills cannot love, Castiel! He knows only violence and deceit. He can only hurt you.”
Emma’s dressed in a tiny blue polka-dot sweater today. It hits Dean suddenly that all the clothes she owns were picked out by Lydia. He doesn’t know the policy as far as buying her stuff. Lydia’s been using his child support checks for essentials, sure, but Dean wouldn’t mind getting Emma a few toys, maybe. Something different to wear. She’d look cute in one of those baby leather jackets he’s seen in stores. He’ll have to ask Lydia what she’s already got.
Cas is back after a second, though, carrying a glass of water he filled from the sink, and he crawls back into bed with Dean. Cas is holding the glass of water, obviously waiting for Dean to sit up, so Dean complies, even though the dizziness from yesterday hasn’t faded yet.
Cas lightly presses his palm to Dean’s chest and runs his palm down the length of Dean’s torso, and up again, and some distant part of Dean’s mind realizes that he is quite literally getting a belly rub from an angel. And, in the course of his life, maybe it’s not quite the strangest thing to ever happen to him.
The girl handed Dean a joint and the table laughed when Dean coughed his way through his first drag. And the girl simpered. Dean’s hair stood up on his neck when she put her cherry pink mouth to his ear and whispered,
Cas likes to wander the bunker’s halls at night, listening to their breathing within their rooms, keeping a lookout for anything that might disturb their slumber. But Dean calls it stalking and growled something about
Maybe Cas can read minds, because he looks up suddenly and catches Dean’s eye. He smiles swiftly, excuses himself from the middle-aged woman cooing over one of his paintings, and practically jogs over to join Dean in the corner.
There’s a piercing, shrieking pain in Sam’s stomach, and he curls inward. A flicker of concern ebbs across Castiel’s eyes, and Castiel can shove it up his
And, ridiculously, Dean thinks about that guy with the safety pin through his nose. In New York when Dean was sixteen, snuck out on Sam and Dad after a hunt. Dean thinks about the
“I don’t think it counts if you never graduated,” Sam says, casually enough, but Dean always wonders if those kinds of comments are a dig. Dean doesn’t think Sam blames Dean for dropping out of Stanford during his last semester, but he can’t be sure that there’s not some hidden resentment. The accident was Dean’s fault, after all.
Dean nods. Cas takes his arm again. His fingers squeeze against Dean’s torn skin, and Dean hopes his blood won’t seep through the cotton; he doesn’t think he cut deep enough.
Dean pushes himself into a sitting position, and then he feels his heart drop into his bowels, because, “Son of a
Nick laughs a little disbelievingly, but he doesn’t question it, just says, “No fuckin’ way I’m getting friction burn on my dick, man.”
“Oh. Fuck.” Dean’s body feels hot. Just as quickly, he goes cold, leaving a film of sweat on his forehead. He swallows hard. He digs his fingernails into his palms.
They’ve managed at the bunker because they’re not exactly saddled with a mortgage here, or in need of gas or electricity or water. The streaming services and internet they’ve bummed off of their usual credit card racket, but they have near enough bona fide credit cards under Dean and Sam Campbell that Charlie hacked for them for around town: grocery runs and stuff. That’s been paid for by whatever Bobby left them – the house wasn’t worth shit, but the old cars and junk brought in enough to start a savings account, and the land sold well.
There’s a pang in Dean’s sternum, and he tries to ignore it. It’s fine. He’s fine. He wasn’t supposed to be hoping for a relationship with Cas, anyway. Just because it’s totally off the table doesn’t mean anything has to change. They can still be friends. Just friends.
It all clicks into place: Mom’s deal. Azazel’s plan. The midnight feedings. Choking on fire. Running into the hallway in time to hear Mom screaming. Sammy thrust into his waiting arms. Lucifer’s perfect vessel.
“Feel free to bring her into the living room,” Donna breaks into Dean’s thoughts. “She’s got loads of toys in there.”
“Fucking douchewad,” she mutters under her breath. She hasn’t noticed Dean yet, and Dean stands there frozen, wishing he’d had time to retreat before she got outside. She has red hair tied into a tail at the back of her head. Dean notices she brought out a box of Cheez-Its with her.
But it’s hard to wallow when there’s a baby to feed, to change, to wash, to play with, to tickle, and to make laugh while he gets her ready for the day. Emma makes it through the whole night and morning without crying for Lydia once, so Dean counts it as an overall win.
“Trying to not think about it,” Dean says. It’s as near the truth as he can get. Any time he does think about it, he feels like his chest is being sat on by a rhinoceros. He’ll become paralyzed if he stops to consider what the hearing actually
“Fuck off, Cas,” Dean says. He drops the glass in the sink. He shuts off the faucet. He turns around to face Cas – Cas in a gray t-shirt, neck stretched out and worn so Dean can see his clavicle, and he’s wearing sweatpants, droopy in the knees and – Dean can’t do this. Dean can’t do fucking
She crosses the balcony and wraps herself around his torso. Dean spreads his arms around her without hesitation. It’s hard to remember a time when hugging Charlie wasn’t second nature. He presses a kiss to the top of her frizzy red hair. “Love you, kid.”
instead of for family or loyalty or the good of the world or whatever. And it had felt good. It felt okay. Like he’d finally managed to cut his apron strings and move on.
“He shouldn’t have hit you, Dean,” Dr. Jorgensen says gently. And it’s the kind of voice you use to reassure children. “Maybe he thought he was just trying to protect you, but hurting you wasn’t protecting you.”
“I need to speak to your brother, Sam,” Anna tells him in a remarkably steady voice. “I need to go to Singer’s Auto.”
He’s hyperaware of all the noises around him: the nonstop traffic on the street below, steady plop of his leaking faucet, and hum of his refrigerator. Dad used to say rattling pipes, rats scratching in the walls, cold spots, and flickering lights were all signs of the supernatural. Of course, Dad was a delusional and obsessive son of a bitch who dragged Dean and Sammy across the country and back, tracking demonic omens that didn’t exist. So Dad’s word isn’t super reliable.
“Cas, you gotta understand –” Dean turns finally and, shit, he shouldn’t have. Because Cas’s eyes are so
Fuck this. And he rolls himself back into the blankets and curls up on his side. He is so fucking sick of this shit.
Cas launches himself at the smaller of the figures, landing a kick square in his chest. The vamp flies backward. Another, who’s built like Hulk Hogan, barrels forward, flinging his own blade for Cas’s neck with zero grace – huh, vamps fighting with machetes. Got a whole fight fire with fire vibe going on. Dean can respect that.
He surreptitiously shoots off an email to Cesar down in New Mexico, asks how retirement is treating them, veiling questions about
“I hate this,” Dean rasps. “I hate this. I hate this. I hate this.” He hates feeling so out of control. Utterly debilitated by the crushing sense of despair in his chest. Unable to grasp ahold of any one thought; they’re all whirling in a vortex inside his head.
“I don’t think she likes me very much,” Dean says. He cranes his neck so he can kiss the underside of Cas’s jaw. Cas moans and bares his neck. A flutter of excitement runs through Dean’s stomach.
, too. Dean’s not sure if that’s a grandeur she’s afforded it because of the way Dean talked about it, or if it’s just a coincidence.
, he thinks as he pulls on yesterday’s jeans and fastens them without a belt. He doesn’t bother with his shoes because they’re loose and uncomfortable without laces. So, he pads around with the socks they gave him last night; they’ve got those little rubber grips on the bottom to stop him from sliding around on the linoleum.
that one time Dean and Cas actually talked about it before sleeping in the same bed and making out just became a normal thing they did. And that’s what Krissy called it, too. When she asked Dean about the hunt and got all defensive. Like it was normal. Totally normal and she’d kick Dean’s ass if he said anything against it.
He gets Mir’s bag of treats, the ones that look like tiny dry pieces of bacon, from the cabinet. He and Cas quickly realized they couldn’t leave Miracle’s treats on ground level because, if the dog was smart enough to open and close doors and fetch Dean’s meds, then he was also smart enough to sneak treats.
“Thank you,” he whispers. He presses two fingers to his lips and drops the kiss onto Mary’s headstone.
“So get this,” Sam says from across the library table. Cas is thumbing through a paperback novel and steadily working his way through his third cup of coffee; caffeine may be a poor substitute for Grace, but it doesn’t stop Cas from putting it away like a gas-guzzler. “A home invasion in New Philadelphia, Ohio. Family of four. Dad was stabbed through the chest before they ripped out his throat and drained his blood. Cops are thinking some kind of cannibal cult thing. Kids missing, two boys, one nine-years-old and the other five.”
“Fuck that,” Dean interrupts, voice still muzzy from talking beneath a pillow. “They’re just…just a fucking placebo, Cas. They’re only gonna make me feel like shit.”
“Yes, sir,” Sam says faintly, feeling every ounce of blood rush out of his head and pool in his feet. He feels kind of sick to his stomach.
Dean points at the bowl of lumpy batter. “Mix about another cub of milk into that,” he directs Jack. “And, ah, whisk it. It’s supposed to be runny.”
Sam doesn’t understand, but Dean says it with so much conviction, so much raw candor, that Sam can’t help but believe him.
“No, he’s, ah, busy,” Dean hedges, hoping Mick won’t call his bluff; Mick and Sam work in the same office, after all.
“I’m sorry,” Sam says. And shit. Because it sounds like the kid’s getting choked up again. But when Dean chances a look, Sammy’s eyes are just red. And he’s still looking at the ceiling. “I thought for a long time that…but I should have asked before. I should have…”
And he could mention the condom thing, sure. Billie wouldn’t judge him. Therapists are supposed to be all about the not-judging thing. Not like Sam. As if Dean would talk about condoms with his little brother. The two times in his life condoms have come up in conversation between the brothers was when Sam was fourteen and going to his first high school dance, and Dean tucked a rubber into Sam’s inner coat pocket with a wink and a
“Being pals with the bartender has it’s perks,” Charlie informs Dean as they make their way back to the table. “I have met many a lass through Jesse’s good word.”
During foreplay between Cas and Dean, Dean flashes back to several non-consensual encounters he's had in the past, as well as violence he's enacted on others while he was a demon and in Hell.
“I have to admit,” Chuck says with a smile. He’s leaning against one of the pillars holding up the parking garage ceiling, arms crossed over his chest. “Eileen, I’d counted on you. But, Sam, you are a bonus.”
Depressive episodes have left him in bed for weeks at a time, but when he’s been mentally stable, he’s never been one to spend extra time in bed. The lack of movement has left him on edge and itching for any kind of distraction.
Cas looks confused for a minute – Dean’s about to clarify what he means – but then understanding dawns in his eyes and he actually frowns, which wasn’t exactly Dean’s intentions. “I apologize if she upset you. Meg can be…”
He knocks hard on the door. He barely waits for Cas’s expected, “Come in,” before he’s turning the handle and opening the door that Cas never seems to lock.
It’s been a really long time since Dean’s gone out with a group. In fact, he can’t recall ever doing it before. Sure, he’s been out with Benny, Garth, and some of the other guys from work, but that’s always been an early Friday evening thing. He was in his twenties the last time he went out for a night on the town. It feels a little bit like he’s been transported back in time as they all pile into Cas’s car and follow Charlie’s directions to Cesar’s.
