“A slave.”
Thanos stared at them for a time.  It took time, but he eventually spoke.  “Steven, come here.”
As they traversed the bridge, Steve, as much as she tried not to take in the sights, gazed upon gold buildings as far as the eyes could see.
“Come with me, Loki.  Now!”  Thor arched up violently as he released inside Steve ass.  Loki followed suit.  He lazily kissed his brother again and then slowly stepped back, the group watching warm cum ooze out the abused hole.  Thor lifted Steve from him and placed him on his legs, but he could not hold his weight and the former super soldier collapsed onto the floor.  He lay there unable to move due to such intense pain.  He was beyond exhausted.  He took a few gasping breaths here and there as he stared straight ahead, cum pouring from his torn and bruised holes.
“Where to this time, Stark?”  Clint asked.
“She cursed at me and spit in my face.”
Steve sat in the chair in front of his desk, finishing up emails.  He was coordinating his next mission.  Since opening the center in upstate New York, he was busy planning other shelters as well.  There were plans to open a new one in the Midwest and another in the West.  Things were progressing nicely.  In addition to his Avenger duties, Steve had partnered with the FBI to aid in investigating cases of human trafficking.  He had recently help in a raid that saved over thirty people from slavery.  He felt accomplished and proud to assist in the recovery of the victims.
"Tony", Steve tried, but Tony interrupted him with a hard voice: "Deal?"
"Yes you two, have a nice day or whatever..." Tony rolled his eyes and Peter snickered.
Fuck, fuck, Tony, why the fuck do you always have to fuck every thing up!!!
“What?” Mum questioned.
I furrowed my eyebrows.
Peter looked over to Wade again, with a silent plea to help, but Wade couldn't do anything either, so he just answered truthfully.
And then it hit me. Of course!
No one was here, no one could hear me, so it was okay.
"Oh god" Peter moaned, trying to put Wades lips back onto his own, but Wade wouldn't let him. He went on sucking Peters neck, enjoying the small whines that came from Peter. He was so sensitiv on his neck. One day Wade would make Peter come just from sucking his neck, but now he focused on stroking Peters cock, teasing him, enjoying how Peter was pressed against him, how Wade could undo him so completely.
My heart thumbed against my ribcage as if it wanted to jump out of my breast and gallop away. Adrenaline rushed through my veins and I held the door so tight, my knuckles turned white.
Shit, Fuck! They were all here today! I forgot!
”Morning Tony. Did you sleep well?” Mrs. Rogers asked as she sat a plate full of pancakes in front of me. My stomach growled loudly as I sat down at the kitchen table with a big yawn.
“Hey, Peter, calm down. It’s okay”, his Dad murmured, rubbing his back and then turning to Steve he answered: “I know you don’t trust me to take care of Peter properly, but I do. I even started cooking food on my own, so that it is fresh or whatever you said would be better than ordering it all the time, okay? You just had him for a whole week and now it’s my turn. I know you don’t like it, but it was our agreement and you need to accept that.”
“It’s fine Dad, I stayed up much longer than one while I had school” Peter remarked but still got up and slowly strolled out of the workshop.
Maria Hill walked over to Clint, pressing the devices in his palm.
"So" Steve started when they where on the streets.
“Yes, and you failed”, Bruce laughed.
“No, you don’t understand…”
I watched him, while I searched an empty chair and sat down, but he was too occupied in whatever the hell he was doing, that he didn’t notice.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at his boyfriends remark and quickly jumped under the shower, when he was done, they both sat down at the small table and ate their breakfast.
When I woke up again it was in a hospital, my mum sat next to me, looked at me with red, puffy eyes.
My head nearly dropped off my hand, that currently was the only thing holding it up, at the sudden bang of the door.
Mrs. Rogers sighed again.
“What!”
“Tell me!” Howard roared and my breath hitched.
Bruce, Thor, Rhodey and I just laughed.
"I love you too, Tony."
„Of course, Sir“, Jarvis answered as usual.
“She is always like that” He pointed out as his Dad looked at him horrified.
“What is it? What happened?” I tried again, more frantically this time and then I got a glimpse of who exactly was in the hall. It wasn’t only Pepper, Rhodey and Rhodey’s mom, but Tony too.
I was so glad about that that I started to ignore his insulting jokes and comments he still uttered now and then and sometimes even started to laugh about them.
"Boys please, it's already eleven pm and you are still awake. You have school tomorrow, both of you", Mrs Rogers voice came loudly from the kitchen.
I frowned.
Mrs. Rogers ignored him.
“Did you already show him your Game Console?” Dad asked him smirking, one eyebrow raised in question.
"Peter I mean it, we can't have secrets in our family, it wouldn't be right."
“Well, as interesting as Rhodey’s broccoli problem is, I’d really like to go back to Bruce’s tragic love story because I’m pretty sure she’s got a crush on you too, Bruce,”
I am a real author now too. :) So if you like my work and are german, cause my work is only available in german right now, please don't be shy to write me.
“I think Tony was just confused. I would be confused too if people who never gave a damn thing about me suddenly wanted to talk to me and asked me how my day was”, Jane giggled in Thor’s lap.
It started out as a perfectly normal day. It was nearly too perfect... well, that should have made me start thinking. I just got to comfortable. It was catastrophic.
"And Captain America has yours so..." I started and laughed.
Bruce, who was next to me fiddling with his shirtsleeves, couldn’t hold back a giggle, but blushed like a tomato when he saw Betty Ross walking into the cafeteria halls.
Rhodey pressed his teeth together, forcing out an apology.
“I-I just wanted to ask, you looked tired and… well, I worried.” Steve smiled unsure.
"Don't be sorry, it's okay Tony. Everything is alright. You are fine." Mrs. Rogers hand rubbed my back and Steve sacked against me, wrapping me in a huge hug.
“Yeah, I feel guilty, because of what Pepper said and tried to be nice to him today in English. At first he didn’t seem to mind but then he suddenly asked me if I wanted something from him and when I said no he was confused and walked away”, I told them and looked at Pepper with questioning eyes.
It wasn’t long before we arrived in school. The whole way Steve and I just walked in silence next to each other, but it wasn’t awkward, just really relaxing.
It doesn’t matter anyways.
“Okay, spill it, what do you want?”
“Bye Peter, see you later”, Tony said, turned the car around and left Peter at the school.
After school Steve and I went to the ice cream shop and sat down in one of the grass islands in the city, doing some homework outside. I helped Steve with some math and physics homework and he helped me a little bit with my art project, before we went to the library to get some new books.
It was 3 am and Bucky still slept peacefully next to him.
"No! Oh god! No. He is going to die! His father... he is going to kill him! Mum! I know it!"
There where tears in his eyes.
“Tony, there are people out here, that care about you. You were at Rhodes’ but Steve and I took you home to us, because I have more of my medical stuff here and I wanted to keep an eye on you”, Her eyes sparkled friendly, but there was a hint of sadness in them.
Wade fell silent and looked towards Peter again who just nodded.
It hurt. It burned through Tonys body like fire. Tony was like fire, hurting and burning everyone who would come near him. Not even Steve, who would stand up for everyone, could stand Tony.
Tony gulped the delicious coffee down.  “Jack will watch her.”  He looked to Bucky to ensure that plan was acceptable.  He smiled when he saw the Winter Soldier nod in approval.  Iron Man then opened a drawer and procured a few items.  He walked over to Clint.  “Turn her around, Legolas.”  Clint complied and had her facing front with him still inside her.  Tony looked to his smart Stark Tech watch and entered a few buttons.  Suddenly, Steve’s biometrically sealed collar opened.  Tony silently grabbed it and placed an O ring on it and put the collar back on. He secured a leash to the new attachment.  “There,” he said, “Jack can lead her around like this.”  He pulled the cord slightly, causing Steve to whimper as her neck jerked forward.
“You should be appreciative that we are your betters.  You should kneel at our feet for the privilege of serving us.”  He let the words hang in the air, not expecting an answer from her.  “The activities thus far that you have been part of have been…oh, what is the Midgardian word?”  Loki paused for effect.  “Vanilla… in comparison of what could happen to you.”  He ran his hand gently down her face.  “We use our pleasure slaves in Asgard for public entertainment.  Our slaves often service ten…twenty…thirty in one night.”  He smiled.  “We play wonderful little games with them.  The fun is never ending.”  His tone darkened.  “Brother…perhaps we should take our little bird to Sakaar.  I am sure the Grandmaster would love a little plaything like her.  His imagination is endless.  Think about it, darling…all species of the universe pass through the Grandmaster’s realm.”  He tucked a bit of hair behind her ear.  “You could be the featured
NEXT: Malibu
“Good.”  Bucky smiled as he released Steve to allow him to stand.  “Now, go back to your Uncle Thor and be a good little princess for him.  Your holes are for us to enjoy.  Do you understand?”
“Use the one in my room, Stevie!”  Tony shouted out from the floaty he was on in the pool.  “The outdoor bathroom is broken.”
He did not know how long they were in the clearing; Steve could not muster the energy to move.
“Jack.”  Tony smiled and nodded as he turned to the others. “This is Jack Rollins.  He’s my West Coast Happy.  Right Jackie?”
“Please Uncle Tony…I promise Uncle…”
When Steve’s eyes opened the next morning, he knew Bucky was behind him.  He was surprised to see Tony in front of him.  Steve was still naked as were the others.  The pain he had felt yesterday, returned with a vengeance as his awareness peaked.  His little body was in between these two monsters and Steve knew he had to try to get away.  Despite the discomfort, he pushed himself up quickly and slithered down the bed and as he tried to stand up, his body would not cooperate and he fell to the floor.  Still determined Steve shakily stood from his supine position and limped towards the stairwell.  Before he could reach the door, Bucky’s voice rang out in the modern space.
Please read the tags. This fic is not for everyone.
“Look at our little whore, Loki.  She is enjoying our coupling so!”
Steve nodded as she looked down.  She sniffed once and took another deep breath.  “Okay.  Let’s do this.”  She tried to smile.
“Me too.”  Bucky said.
“Release inside him, Anthony.”
“You are dirty, honey.  We are so disappointed.  We’ve been so good to you.” Tony added.  “I don’t think you deserve our cocks anymore.”
“Can you bring them back, Father?”  Tony spoke.
“Such a good girl for us, Stevie.”  He said as he washed her sweat soaked hair.
“Y-Yes.”  Bucky was lucky he had super soldier serum because even he could barely hear him.
She joined Bruce, Sam, Rhodey and Nick and they flew back to New York to be with Stevie.
All hope left Steve at that moment.  There was no escape.  There was no compassion.  Steve was surrounded by absolute monsters.  How could he have not seen this before?  Earth’s Mightiest Heroes…they were sadistic and immoral.
“Okay, Tony.”  He nodded his head.  “Okay.”
Bucky forced his chin up.  “Look at yourself, baby.”  Steve did not want to anger him, so he obeyed.  His eyes quickly darted to the side, though.  “Uh, uh.  Eyes forward.”  He waited.  “Good.”  From behind him, Bucky started caressing his face and then stroking his hair.  “Look at my pretty girl.”
“Well,” Thor raised a glass, “to a job well done then!”
“Gotta admit, even if you did, maybe I don’t want him to turn back.”  Bucky replied.
“Go ahead, Clint.”  Bucky ordered as he could feel Steve start to struggle slightly.  “Stay still, honey.”  He commanded.
“How?”
They had completed dinner one evening, when Thanos beckoned them to the great hall.  He gazed at their lands in the distance for some time.  He turned to his boys and spoke.  “You boys have been everything I could have imagined for my children and much more.  Because of this, I will grant you one request of me.”
“Ahhh!”  She screamed out at the pull on her hair.
“You did well, Little One.”  Thanos said as he stood from the bed.
“Because I’m your bitch, big Daddy.”
“Indeed, Stark.  We did.”  Thor smiled as he and Loki placed their robes back on.  “We must depart for Asgard later today.”
Finna knew that the Midgardian did try her best.  She could smell the scent of all the cunts all over her face.
“Do you hurt?”
After he dressed, he turned to the Warden.  “I want to call my lawyer.”
The next day, Thanos brought Tony to an area of the castle.  When they entered, Tony’s eyes shot open as he looked around.  It appeared to be like a high tech lab.  “Do you like it?”  Thanos asked.  Tony was speechless.  “Well, Anthony?”
“That would be a lovely sight, Brother.”  Thor added as he stroked his cock.
“”T-Three!”  The pain was overwhelming.  “F-Four…”  Steve thought he’d pass out from the strength of it.  He would have flown off his lap if his arms were not secured around him.  Steve hiccupped as he tried to catch his breath.  “F-F…”  He had to force his mouth to work.  “F-Five.” And then the hits stopped.  The only sound in the room was the hysterical crying of Steve as he let his body flop down, ass up on Bucky’s lap.  Suddenly he felt something cool spread over his cheeks.  It stung at first and Steve arched up.
“What?!  Are you fucking kidding me?”  He said in disbelief.  “I’m Tony fucking Stark.  I demand to be placed in special custody.”
The three stood 10 ft apart, shackled by their arms and in leg irons.  Bucky’s metal arm was destroyed and his right arm was restrained to his waist.  He also wore a special cuff designed to neutralize his super soldier serum.  They all wore shock collars and were muzzled.
“Well, my sons?”  Thanos asked.
“Fuck you.”  Steve replied with trembling lips as he spit in Bucky’s face.
He turned his gaze to Stark.  “You hated me all along.  Probably from some shit Howard did or said.  You never even tried to get to know me.”  He chuckled bitterly.  “The funny thing is, Howard and I weren’t even friends.”  He shook his head.  “Nothing to say, huh?  Hmm…probably don’t want to incriminate yourselves further. I get it.”  He took a deep breath and stood.  “I could kill you both with my bare hands and not even break a sweat.”  Both men sat up a little straighter but still said nothing. “But…I’m better than you both.  I wouldn’t do that.  You are broken people and nothing can change that.”  Steve turned and left.
“My princes!”  She curtseyed.  “To what do I owe the pleasure of you visiting our stables?”  She turned to see the diminutive blond next to them.  “Oh…what have you brought with you?”
“Damn, Stark.  I must admit…this is fucking beautiful.”  Bucky nodded as he gazed upon the large Olympic sized infinity edged pool and beyond that the expansive ocean and beach.
Thanos had informed Tony and Steve that he controlled a good portion of the planet and he looked to rule benevolently but they had enemies.  Steve learned of them as he walked through the streets of the capital city.  He met with ordinary citizens.  He also traveled to rural areas as well.  He learned of the toll the decimation had on people.  While people were sad about losing loved ones, many, especially those who struggled, believed that they were better off now.  They praised the bravery of Thanos and how he saved them all.  They felt blessed to survive and felt they were chosen by a higher power to be in this world.  They had only hoped that their enemies would have been vanquished.
“Let me know how it goes.”
“You’re not the boss of me.”  He replied in a snarky tone.
“How could you?”  She asked.  Her voice was full of emotion.
.”  She clenched her teeth in anger.  “Had to wait ‘til I was a girl,
“Are you of a better class that you cannot be a slave?  Are you special?”
“I tried.”  She whispered, feeling despair and defeat.
He embraced the trembling super soldier again.  He rubbed his back, reveling in the fact that he was here right now.  Tony felt for him, having to watch his beloved friend die for the second time and he was helpless to stop it.  Again.
Thor and Loki took their pleasure, moving in unison.  The men focused on the groans of ecstasy coming from the Asgardians and not the agonized noise from Steve.  When they each released, Tony swears thunder rolled outside.  The brothers stood up after they recovered and went to grab more mead.
The next morning, Bucky woke up slowly.  He had to urinate, so he slowly withdrew his cock from Steve’s ass.  He had spent the night with his cock embedded inside him.  It felt amazing.
Stark walked over to the nightstand and pulled out a tube and handed it to the Winter Soldier.  Bucky hissed as he coated his erection generously with lube.
“You got rid of my tech.”
It had been three weeks since the fight with the witch.  She caused mischief all over the city, leading many of the Avengers to wonder if the newest member of their group was behind the invasion.  Loki scoffed at the notion.  He had worked with the Avengers for over a year alongside his brother and was insulted at the insinuation that this low class witch was even in his league when it came to magic.
“Stop!”  Steve pleaded as she tried in vain to loosen her bindings.
Finna gave Steve a few minutes and then released her bonds and reattached her leash.  She was led to a smaller chamber where there were three training slaves restrained on similar beds.
Steve looked at him with his piercing blue eyes.  He replied with all sincerity.  “You made it.”  His eyes watered.  “I just wanted something…”  He trailed off as he looked down.  “I didn’t want to get rid of it.”
“I’ll take care of you, my Lady!”  Fandral replied and climbed over to Sif and the two began kissing.  He lowered his body and soon began devouring her core.  Sif moaned and grabbed his hair as she closed her eyes and enjoyed his mouth and tongue.  It did not take long for her to cum, her juices exploding over his face.  He leaned back, pleased with himself as he wiped his face.
“A good Samaritan.”  Steve replied as his eyes narrowed.
“Those will remove your super human strength for now, Steven.  It would not be fair to your brother for you to be stronger at this time.”
“She loves it.”  Clint said as his head fell back in ecstasy.
“Yes, Mr. Stark.  Absolutely.” The man nodded as he looked down at the petite woman in front of him.
Bucky shrugged his shoulders.  “Why not?”
“It is okay, Stevie.  Whatever you need.  It is okay.”  He watched as Steve shook his head and bit his lip.  “I promise, Precious.”  He leaned down and kissed him.
“If at some point there is a reason otherwise, convicted rapists go to General Population like anyone else, prisoner 161019.  You are free to appeal your placement.  Until then, you will now be escorted to your new home.”
First, Steve was taken to a room with a metal table and other equipment.  It reminded her of a lab.  Finna brought her a cup and while Steve was wary to drink the contents, she did.  She feared what the woman would say to Thor and Loki if she did not cooperate.  When she completed the elixir, almost immediately dizziness overtook her.  The guard secured her on a metal table.  She tried to keep her breathing under control, not understanding what was happening.  She distantly felt wetness to her nipple and then a pinching feeling.  It was repeated on her other side as well.  Her legs were spread as someone grasped down there and the pinching feeling occurred again.  It did not hurt, but she felt pressure.  Tears fell, out of a feeling of helplessness.  She thought Finna was speaking to her, but it sounded muffled due to whatever was in the concoction.  They seemed to leave her on the table for an unknown amount of time after that.
She took a few deep breaths.  “I’m n-not special…I’m j-just a kid from B-Brooklyn…”  Her lips trembled as tears fell.
They left her in the corner and returned to the table to finish their breakfast.  They reveled in the muffled sounds coming from her coupled with the vibrations in her holes.
“He is.”  Tony concurred.  “And I had to talk him out of contacting Bruce to have him help with the Doombot situation.”  He paused.  “As much as I miss our Brucie, he needs to stay away longer.”
“Yes, Mr. Stark.”  He said as he opened the back and placed the luggage in the car.
Steve trembled as he traveled a few steps back to the bed and lay his head down as he raised his backside.  His hands shook as he reached behind and parted his butt to reveal his glistening tight pucker.  He turned his head into the pillow to try to muffle his crying.
.”  He sneered.  He picked him up and carried him over to the table and sat down with Steve on his lap facing him.  He forcibly grabbed his long hair and pulled it taught as he signaled to Tony to attach the collar.  Steve tried his best to resist but was powerless against Bucky’s hold.  He heard a click against his neck and tried to pull it off when he wrenched his hands free.  Bucky chuckled as he grabbed his arms and secured them against his sides.  Any attempt at movement was futile.  Steve was red in the face with exertion.
He shrugged his shoulders again.  “I like understanding the science behind it.  That’s all.”  He trailed off and returned his attention to the weapon in his hand.  “Now, shoo.  Go be with Stevie.  You’re neglecting him to hang out in the lab with me.”
“Please Daddy…I didn’t do anything.”  She begged as he stood over her.
“And I don’t give a fuck about you two.”  She said dismissively to the Asgardians.  She shrugged as she folded into herself.  She knew she would be punished for speaking out, but she did not care anymore.
“Good.”  She nodded in a pleased manner.  “And what is your purpose?”
“Oh, Tony…I am so sorry.”  He shook his head as he grabbed Tony’s hand.  He was happy Tony did not pull away.  “Rhodey is okay.  So is Thor…Natasha…Bruce…a raccoon…”
“Because I belong to them.”
The torment is unending...
“Aye.  I think you are right, brother.”  Thor licked his lips as Loki pouted.  “Were you jealous?”
“Don’t touch me.”
“No you don’t, sweetheart.  You may be mad right now, but you’ve always loved me.  You just didn’t realize it.”  He paused as he looked at Tony.  “Can you get it up again?”
“What?”
.”  Clint said in a tight tone.
“What do you need, baby?”
“Stand, Stevie.”  Loki said after Finna left.
He completed his business and walked back into the room.  He knew Steve was awake and he scooped him up and brought him to the bathroom.  He started the large jacuzzi tub and entered it with him when the water level and suds were to his liking.  He proceeded to bath himself and Steve and when he was satisfied with the degree of cleanliness, they exited the tub.  He dried the former super soldier off; he then proceeded to take a seat in front of the ridiculously large mirror with Steve in his lap.  The younger man kept his head down, still hating to see his image reflected.  It only served to remind him of the unwanted change and the fallout from it.  He hated himself.  He was stiff in between Bucky’s spread legs; back ramrod straight…legs clenched together.
It seemed like forever, but Sif eventually rang a bell.  A guard entered the room.
When the pilot alerted the occupants that they would be landing within the hour, Bucky placed his hand under Steve’s chin to alert him to wake.  He had eventually fallen asleep, despite the stretch of Bucky’s large cock within him.  The younger man blinked awake and his reality hit him immediately.  He did not move, waiting for Bucky to tell him what he desired.  He did not want to antagonize him.  The Winter Soldier grabbed the back of his head and brought their lips together.  Steve whimpered with discomfort as the large tongue assaulted his mouth.  When Bucky leaned back, his eyes were dark with lust. He grabbed his thin hips and lifted him off his rock-hard dick.  He forced Steve to his knees hard and grabbed the back of his neck and forced his mouth onto him.  Steve gagged at the combined taste of his vagina, Bucky’s musk and bitter taste and the precum that was leaking.  He struggled to move off the cock, but Bucky’s hold was steadfast.  The bulky man stood as he enjoyed the warm mouth.  He was relentless as he thrust in and out, tears rolling out of Steve’s eyes as he tried to keep pace.  The plane was filled with choking and gagging noises as drool oozed from his little mouth.
“Mistress…”  She started hesitating.  “I want to be good for them.”  She pleaded.  “I do.  B-But…it hurts…it hurts so much.”  She lowered her head, trying not to cry.
“Steven, have you received such little praise on earth that you do not know your worth?  You are special, just like your brother.  While Anthony is skilled in some arenas, your skills with the troops, in battle and in diplomacy are just as valuable.  You have won over the people.  They see your compassion and gravitate towards you.  I am an intimidating figure as a ruler; you have shown them that we are doing good for them.  Never underestimate your worth, my precious.”  A tear slipped down Steve’s face as Thanos’ words permeated through him.  He brought him to his chest as he was embraced. The warmth felt so good.  He rested his head on him as Thanos stroked his silken hair.  Steve knew he shouldn’t…but he felt safe in Thanos’ arms.  He felt safe with Tony.  He couldn’t imagine not having that and it scared him.  He started crying as emotions overwhelmed him.  He remembered back to a time where he was unwanted as an orphan, mocked on the streets of Brooklyn and in the army, at times revered but also feared as an Avenger…The fight before never ended.  He was forever Captain America.  Rarely Steve.  He always had to have the all the answers.  He had been so tired…
“You better.”  Bucky playfully threatened with a smile.  All the men laughed as they entered the home.
“Eat.  You need your strength to be our good girl.”
“Very good, Anthony.”  Thanos said as he grabbed the lube.
“That’s it, sweetheart.”  Bucky sounded pleased as Steve tried not to be affected by the feelings coursing through him as Clint ate him out.  “Let me hear you or else…”  He let the threat linger in the air.
“Doesn’t feel so good, does it?”  Natasha said, trying to keep the emotion out of her voice.
DEAD DOVE: DO NOT EAT. Please read the tags.
“But…he’s never…”
Thanos lowered the gauntlet and as suddenly as the pain came, it stopped.  Tony lay panting on the floor, grateful that pain dissipated.  Steve lowered himself to his knees, checking on him.  “Tony.  You okay?”
“Please…big Daddy…can I suck your cock?”
“Stevie,” he said gently, “No lying to Daddy.”
Tony considered all the variables and he knew they were fucked.  In all the scenarios he had imagined the fight with the big bad would go for the last six years, he had never considered the end game would include captivity.  Victory may have not been guaranteed, but he thought he would go out helping people. He was prepared to die for the cause, as was Steve.  This…he could not fathom what Thanos had in store for them.  It made him nervous not being able to understand his enemy.
“Please, Daddy…I’m sorry!”  Steve pleaded as Bucky swiftly turned Steve’s petite body over and placed him on his belly.  Steve could feel Bucky’s monster cock attempting to burst out of his pants.  Bucky caressed Steve’s perfect little ass and then lifted his hand and came down hard, causing Steve to cry out in pain.
“You’re asking me?”  He sneered at Howard’s son.
“Are all Midgardian girls that tight?” He chuckled.  “Perhaps we should bring some home.”  He said to Odin.
The End
“Great!”  The three started walking to the elevator to descend into the garage.  Steve could only watch as they disappeared.  She was suddenly alone with the 6 ft 5 in man staring down at her.
father.  The abusive, neglectful Howard.”  He sneered.
Bucky’s smiled widened as his response.  “Now your uncles are going to have some fun with your holes, okay?”
“That is why it was worth the wait.”  The older sibling answered as he sat propped up against the headboard.  He stroked his cock and looked at his slave.  “Come, Little One.  Sit on my cock.”
We talked with Mrs. Rogers about the day, before we went in Steve’s room and started reading together in our new books and damn “hitchhikers guide to the galaxy” was fucking awesome. I think I’ve never laughed so hard in my life about a book.
Only when Tony was sure that Steve really fell asleep he got up again and changed into his normal clothes.
“They are young, both of them and they didn’t do anything wrong until now, they just helped getting some bad people arrested”, Bucky said.
“See! It’s not that hard.” Steve grinned.
“Dude. We were just trying to be nice to you!”, Clint said, raising his arms in defeat.
I didn’t know why I did it, but it just felt like I should tell somebody and so this whole thing came up again, but what confused me even more was that my mom somehow seemed to know something about Tony too.
He helped Thor in physics and managed to get Bruce to talk to Betty and didn’t flee from us in the cafeteria.
Steve smiled britghtly at me, his eyes sparkling. I couldn’t stop myself, I had to smile too.
“Can I have a paper from you and borrow your pencils? I forgot everything, because my alarm didn’t go off to wake me.”
“I am meeting with the rest of the Avengers. We are going to discuss what we do about Spiderman and Deadpool, of we are going to recruit them or see them as threats.”
“How was your day?”, Natasha asked him after an uncomfortable silence, where nothing was heard but the clinking of the dishes and the murmured conversations of the
“That is the problem, Wade”, Peter mumbled. “They both still love each other, I know that and I know that Papa knows he still loves Dad and Dad knows he still loves Papa, but they don’t know they love each other.”
“Finally Steve and you put your heads out of your asses”, Pepper grinned. “Pepper!” I yelled. The other two snickered and then we made our way to the classes.
Heavy footsteps echoed through the hall outside.
I rubbed my eyes and nodded.
Dum-E after hearing his name perked up and beeped excitedly.
“Peter, don’t talk like that to your father”, Tony said softly.
I yelped, because of the pain shooting through my body and tried to calm down and slow my breathing.
"I don't want to give us up and I don't want to give our other parts up Wade and I have the feeling that Papa would want that and I'm not sure Dad can do anything about it" Peter said honestly.
Steve thought about that a moment, while he ate another pancake. After he swallowed it down with some coffee he answered: “Yeah, the seem young, but I think this is the problem. When we don’t do something about them they could get out of control, they both need training and people that have their backs. I want them on the team, but Fury says, that we should see them as threats beforehand because we don’t know if they are sent to get information from us, gain our trust or if they really are just two kids trying to play heroes.”
That was Tony Stark.
Tony just looked at me disbelievingly, shook his head and when the bell rang to signal the end of the lesson, he grabbed his stuff and disappeared faster than I could blink.
"I don't care as long as Tony will be safe in the end."
Coulson gave him a silent nod before Tony opened the door and was gone.
Howard threw Maria across the hall. She slammed against the cupboard and dazed looked up at him.
“That’s definitely better than reading Comics about Papa”, Peter whispered in between his moans and kisses.
But he obviously was. He was stiff, fidgeting with his fingers, biting his lips nervously and scanning the room, as if he needed to escape it in any moment.
“They look like small trees, but they’re not. They’re just a cheap imitation and they taste awful!”
“I know you love me Steve and I love you too, but your heart lies with Tony and not with me and I want you to do what your heart says. I will never leave you Steve. You are not going to loose me because of this. I forgive you and I love you.” Bucky said softly, wiping Steve’s tears from his cheek.
“Spiderman and Deadpool, that’s what we are going to talk about today. Mr. Stark, why aren’t you reading the documents you where given”, Fury started and then glared at Tony with his one eye.
“He’s probably still hangover from the party yesterday,” Clint threw in.
I shook all over. Goosbumps tickled on my skin and I shuddered. I curled up into a ball, trying to shield my body with the bed sheets that strangely were still the ones I covered my self with last evening.
They lived in a small apartment downtown in Brooklyn.
Peter nodded, strolling forward and into his Dad’s open arms before harsh sobs shook his frame and the tears started to slip freely.
I flinched.
"You look cute when you are pouting", Steve smiled warmly at me.
They ate their Pizza and watched some Star Trek to make fun about the crappy tech they used, before they spent some time in the workshop, where Dad tried to make some repairs on the Iron Man armor, Peter tried to do some updates on his Game Consol but more often than not played with DUM-E fetch the ball.
“I am going to the bathroom”, I announced and marched out of the room, curious looks following me, until I shut the door.
“Hmm, maybe something like that?” Wade smirked letting his hand slowly glide over the bed sheets in the direction of Peter’s groin.
“What? At least we tried”, I argued and crossed my arms over my chest.
“I feel great”, he responded.
You can contact me via tumblr: tonystark604
"Sorry Mr. Forge" Peter mumbled, while Wade grinned smugly.
I have to go away! Dad is crazy!
"No..."
He brushed the hair out of Peter’s face with his hands and then gave him a kiss on his forehead.
He looked up at me with wide eyes, as if he was shocked I actually cared enough to answer, then he shrugged it off and smiled.
Steve growled.
Mrs. Rogers on my other side just shook her head grinning.
"Good, no go make yourself ready for school while I still try to fight this mango", Tony mumbled and turned around.
“Rhodey, help me getting him into the guest room.”
"Shut it!" I groaned and shoved him playfully.
It was dark outside and cold, it rained and my socks and clothes were soaked through.
With one warning glare, Tony left the workshop and Dum-E beeped sadly at his creator.
“Look at that, seems like Tony Stark is freezing his ass of in the middle of summer. Apparently he really doesn’t have feelings,” I laughed and the others turned to look at Tony.
“Of course!”, came the reply only shortly after.
And when you are not german you can write me anyways because I love talking to people and I am lonely. :)
It was the best thing anyone ever said to me. Might be a good day after all!
“Do you want to talk about it?” His Dad whispered.
"Okay, you listen to me now. You and your boyfriend go make yourself ready for school, then you come back down and eat your sticky, disgustingly healthy food I made for you and you will not complain because it took me the whole morning because apparently there is a lot you need to consider while making oatmeal, who would have thought... but, wait... where was I...?"
"I will not look like Robert Downey jr. when I am older!" I grumbled and crossed my arms over my chest.
“Iron Man report!” Steve yelled through the comm links.
“I’ve seen him at the hospital where I work a few times,”
"Your father is right" Wade said. "There can't be secrets in your family and you know that Peter, the worst part is, when Steve finds out that Tony knows, then he will blame Tony, not you."
I don’t want him to be sad. It is all my fault! I spoiled his party.
“You are a lovesick monkey”, Bucky laughed.
Steve thoughtfully looked down at his empty plate.
"Lets just talk about the plan. Maybe you will accept it" Mrs. Rogers said to Tony.
Peter was fourteen years old when he heard his parents fighting again. In the morning the alarm had went off as Doctor Doom attacked New York with his Doombots, again.
I didn’t believe them.
Silence.
stood up with a pained moan.
“I’m okay, Nat.”  He answered as his eyes watered.  “I’m going to be okay.
Thanos entered the home followed by Steve and Tony.  It looked surprisingly cozy and clean.  It was a large space, with tall ceilings to accommodate the Mad Titan’s size.  He led them to a wash room.
“Indeed.”
“Good, baby.  Daddy is so proud of you.”  He grasped Steve’s tiny waist and turned him around to face the other two.  His cock was still inside him.  “Tony.”  He said as he nodded at Iron Man.
Suddenly, the door to the spaceship opened again.  Thanos emerged.  He stepped onto the grass and walked towards the group.  T’Challa crossed his arms and his Black Panther suit materialized around him.  Rhodey armed his repulsors.  Widow pulled out her stun batons.  She looked to Steve and Tony with betrayal in her eyes.
One evening, they sat side by side on what had become their bed, when Thanos entered the room.  They both looked up at the giant figure and watched how he took a seat opposite to them.
“Bye, Buckaroo.”  Tony said as he dropped into bed, too spent to take a shower.
“If you choose not to be a good girl, you will not like the consequences, Stevie.”  He held up a thin remote he had distributed to the others moments before.  Steve’s eyes watered as a tear rushed down his face.  “If you by chance breech an elevator or staircase, there will be a similar effect.  It doesn’t feel good.  It also functions as a GPS monitor accurate within 10 feet.”  Steve’s eyes widened as Tony explained the functions of the collar.  He was trapped and there was no escape possible.  He dropped his head as he bit his lip trying to stop himself from crying even more than he already had.  This was not happening…this couldn’t be real.
The older man leaned back and placed Steve back in his seat.  He shook, folding himself in a small ball, the cold of the airplane encompassing him now.  He could hear the three removing their clothes.
“Apologies, Lady Sif.”  Loki said regrettably.
“I am a visionary, willing to do what it takes to allow many to survive.”
Bruce placed the tablet down and walked over to the three restrained men.  “I am ashamed to have called you friends…colleagues.  What you did to Steve…is absolutely unimaginable.”  He turned to Natasha and Sam.  “Guys, find Steve.”  They nodded their heads and made their way further into the Penthouse.
The man from Vanaheim removed his robe and stood next to his friend and pushed his dick in next to his friend.  Steve practically convulsed as she was double penetrated in the same hole.  Her scream was swallowed by the hard cock in her mouth.  It took some maneuvering, but they established a pattern where one thrust in and one thrust out.  All three men released at almost the same time.  They took a few steps back and all but collapsed on the couches to recover.
“Let’s get cleaned up, alright?  And then we’ll think about our next move.”
When Tony came back, Steve was on the bed.  He sat next to him.  “Talk to me, Steve.”  Tony said in a quiet voice.  He did not want Thanos to hear them.  He was unsure if the giant had enhanced hearing though.
“Please!  Daddy said no!  Please!  Please, Mr. Jack!”
“Stand up.”  Finna commanded Steve who could not help the tears that fell down her face.  “Now, slave.  Your betters will summon you shortly.  Disobey and the punishment will be severe.”  She stepped next to Steve like a towering amazon next to the petite former Avenger.  “Do you understand?”
“Well, I don’t think it’s nothing.”  Bucky responded in a serious tone as he surveyed the group.
Thank you for your continued support of this fic. PLEASE READ THE TAGS.  This is not a nice story. DEAD DOVE: DO NOT EAT
She lowered her head, not able to look at them.  “I understand, Daddies.”  She answered quietly, the staccato rhythm of her heart was beating so hard that she felt it in her ears.
“Indeed, we do not.”  Thor replied as he smiled.
“You are home, Steven.”  He replied.
THE END
“Hey guys.”  Steve said as he waved at them.
Steve lost track of how long it had been since she was freed from their control.  She was making progress with her therapists.  She appreciated the efforts on the part of her teammates in her recovery.  They made sure to check on her often.  Even when she was not in the mood for company, they would often simply sit with her for hours on end, not forcing her to speak.  She did not feel pressure to suddenly be okay and return to normal.  What was normal anyway?  Steve needed to recover from horrible trauma and was still dealing with the fact that ‘he’ was now a ‘she’ in the eyes of the world.
Tony’s heart sank.  This guy was nuts.  “You can’t keep us here.”
“We are helping him in our Avenger way.  He needs his family around him while he adjusts.”  Tony sounded sympathetic.  Clint tried his best to contain his laughter.
“Come here, little bird.”  Loki said as he waved his hand and his and Thor’s clothes disappeared.  When Steve did not move, he added, “Do not make me repeat myself, Pet.”
Bucky sighed as he grasped his face.  “Enough of that.”  He warned.  “You have a pussy and tits.  You are my sweet little girl.  Do you understand, honey?”  His eyes narrowed as he started to fondle his breasts.  “Say it, Stevie.”
“You do not need it.”  He paused as he stood looking down at the human.  “If you are a good boy, in time, I may let you play around with your trinkets.”
Tony was feeling tipsy as he continued to imbibe in his drink.  “Instead of sitting up there all mopey and shit, we could show Steve a good time.”
“Please!  Let me go!”  She begged, not sure of what was to come.
”  He made a face at Stark who scowled back.
Steve’s chin trembled.  He wanted to scream…to yell…to claw at his captor with all his might.  “Y-Yes.”
Thor and Loki looked down at Stevie who continued to cry.  She knew she would be punished for her transgressions.  They decided to wait and to continue to have their fun.
“The time has elapsed, Sir.”
“Thank you, Miss Everheart.”  He answered quietly.
“You ain’t seen nothing yet.”  He smirked as a smaller plate revealed itself under the other and out came a 10-inch x 2-inch cock.  “They are self-lubricating, but I’ve never used it before and while I want her to feel it, I don’t need it ripping apart her insides.”  He pressed a button and both cocks inserted into her holes.  Steve arched up as much as she could restrained, and her muffled screams could be heard behind the gag.  The boys heard the metal joints piston back and forth inside her channels.  Tony could control the speed, the depth and the intensity of the movements.  Tears leaked from Steve as sweat poured from her body.  It was pure agony and unrelenting.
They breathed heavily for a time and then Bucky gazed up at Clint.  “Your turn, Legolas.”
He walked over to the other large bed in the room and saw Tony asleep peacefully.  He was shocked to see his appearance.  He looked twenty years younger.  He did not have the goatee.  His face was free of wrinkles and his hair had no hint of gray.  Steve sat on the bed.
“Yes, Daddy.”  She answered and pushed herself up, ignoring the pain in her groin and lowered herself onto the waiting, leaking dick.  Thor grasped her petite hips hard as he lifted her up and down on his straining cock.  “Fuck…so good…”  He groaned.  “So tight…best pussy out there…”  He moved her up and down.  Despite Loki’s lube slicking her channel, there was a considerable amount of pain.
“I want her mouth if you want to take her cunt.  You’ll love it.”
“Come closer, boy.”  Steve’s legs felt like jelly as he forced himself to step forward. Thanos’ large hand cupped his chin as he raised his head to make Steve look at him.  “Never cover yourself.  You are a beautiful creature.”  Steve’s body shook as he suffered the unwanted scrutiny.  “Again…such a fierce fighter, yet as skittish as a newborn colt.  The contrast is intoxicating.”  He smiled.  “Go lay on the bed, Steven.”
Steve woke up and at first he lay there staring at the ceiling.  Slowly, recent events barreled back into his mind.  He sat up.  He looked down at his wrists when he felt cold objects encircling them.  He tried to take them off but to no avail.  He lifted up his hand and touched his now bare face.  His beard was gone.  He stood up and a lock of his hair flopped down on his face.  He touched his scalp and he realized the length was similar to when he emerged from the ice.
“Daddy…”  He choked out as he fell into his chest again.
“You’ll need to be punished, baby.”  Bucky responded.  “You’ll have to earn our forgiveness.”
“Feels even better inside.”  Clint added as he stroked his leaking cock and stepped up to Steve’s mouth.  “Tightest ass I’ve ever fucked, man.  It’s amazing.”
“Did you miss me, sweetheart?”
Steve was gathered in strong, warm arms.  Tony rationally understood the impossible situation Steve found himself in.  He wiped tears from Steve.  “I forgive you, baby.  I do.  And I wanted you too.  That’s why it was so hard.  Why I was so angry…so hurt.  We will move on from that.”  He smiled at him.  “Now you and I are here.  Together.  We’ll take care of each other.”
Tears poured from Tony as Steve’s face reddened with struggle, he was gasping for air.  Tony’s hand reached down to grasp Steve’s now soft cock.  “Feel me, sweetheart…” he whispered as he stroked him.  “Feel my hand.”   Steve’s eyes opened as he felt Thanos’ cock hit his prostate and Tony’s hand on him.  He moaned and cried out at the stretch.
After they stripped of their armor as well, they stood in their tunics.
“James, I would like to express our gratitude in allowing us to fuck your Steven.  I believe this is an important role for her to provide for the team.  We often have slaves who perform such duties for us warriors on Asgard.  It was something I am sorry to say this team has lacked.”  Thor said.
“Oh…oh…AHHH!”  Thor released inside her.  He arched on last time as he spilled.  “That was magnificent.”  He breathed out as she settled onto his cock once he stopped moving.  He closed his eyes briefly as he rested.
“Fantastic!”  He exclaimed as he looked down.  “Okay, sugar, make Daddy cum.”  He smiled.
“Lots of reasons.”  Bucky answered. “Back then you could get killed or jailed for men fucking other men.”
“Home.”
“Re-education.”  Loki replied as he grinned.  “Stand, Stevie.  Let us show your other Daddies how beautiful you are.”
“Well, what do have to say for yourself?”  She asked sternly.
“You can cum, baby.”
Thor appeared at Bucky’s side.  “May I?”  The tall blonde said as he looked down at the little body.  He proceeded to pick Steve up and cradle him almost like a baby.
“Father requires our aid in settling a dispute in Vanaheim.”  Loki added.
Loki looked down at Steve.  “Strip, Stevie.”
The billionaire moaned when she began to move up and down more rapidly.  He was going to give her only a limited amount of time to make him cum.  “Jarvis, set the timer for five minutes.”
He yelled out as Bucky picked him up and carried the small body over to Stark’s ridiculously large California king bed.  Steve tried his best to beat Bucky with his fists, kick his legs, anything to get him to let go.  But it was to no avail.  The others simply followed the duo into the bedroom, loving seeing the struggle of their Captain.
“Kneel before your King.”  Loki commanded and Stevie had no choice but to comply.  She kept her head down and tried to keep her composure being the only naked person in the room.  She shivered from the draft causing her skin to produce goosebumps.  She was so scared.
“I am sure you missed our company greatly.”  Loki said with a smirk.
Christine nodded.  “You are starting an initiative?”
“You are very talented, my son.”  Steve blushed but did not say anything.
“What, Stevie?”  He moved to sit up in bed.  Steve followed suit.  The super soldier couldn’t look him in the eye.  “What do you mean?”  Tony prodded.
“Ummm.”  Finna pondered as she stood and walked to her head.  She waved her hand over Steve’s face.  In addition to her role as Mistress of the Slaves, Finna was an accomplished sorceress.  She trained under the tutelage of the late Queen Frigga herself.  “Yes…”  She closed her eyes as she scanned her restrained captive.  “The kid from Brook…lyn…the
“You’ve been back in the land of the living for two years now, James,” Tony said, “Are you too chicken?”
Steve was crying as she followed Finna.  They returned to the comfortable chamber with the large fire.  Steve was at the Mistress’ feet.
“Yes, Mistress.”  She replied and left the room.
Thor, Loki, Hogun, Fandral, Volstaag and Lady Sif were in the East chamber awaiting the slave.  They continued to drink mead as they lay around on couches and cushions in the ornately decorated chamber.  They were dressed in golden, fluffy robes.  Beautiful flowing fabrics adorned the room and ceiling.  Toys were secured on one wall.  A breeding bench and bed were situated in the space.
The Winter Soldier made his way down to his large suite a floor below Stark’s.  Steve stayed silent as Bucky washed him after their arrival. He was so sore he could barely move and perhaps his former friend took some pity upon him.  Steve had expected Bucky to force him to service him while in the shower and bath, but he did not.
“We won’t, Clint.”  Bucky assured him.  “She’ll need to understand that what she did was wrong.  Now…I don’t think we’ll use the bot like that again.  I don’t regret that at all, but clearly it made her spiral.”
“So fucking hot,” Tony said as he and Bucky shed their clothes and were masturbating to the site of Steve triple penetrated.  The gods had stamina and fucked Steve hard for almost an hour.  Clint had finished in her mouth so Bucky and Tony both were able use her mouth as well.
“Open your eyes, Stevie.  I want you to appreciate how fortuitous for you that you will not be placed in there.  It is because you will be an obedient girl, will you not?”  Stevie nervously nodded.  “Words, darling.”
“Perhaps, but your curse allowed you to be a titan on Earth; a genius who built beautiful machinery.  You are one of the only people who could make me bleed.”
They sat for hours in silence; the gravity of their situation hitting home.  They couldn’t escape.  Where would they go?  They couldn’t commit suicide…he would just bring them back.  Thanos was too powerful, even without the gauntlet.  With all his technology, Tony barely gave him a scratch in the final battle and Steve merely for only a moment was able to hold him off.
“No, I like the results.”  Bucky said.  “She will serve in the exact way I wanted.
Thor and Loki quickly stripped and while advancing towards the bed, Loki coated his cock with lube.  He did not waste any time as he lifted her legs and bent her nearly in half and shoved his cock inside her tight, waiting cunt.  She had not been fucked by a man since her arrival to the stable and while it hurt, Stevie did her best not to cry out and fight.  She allowed him to find his pleasure inside her.  She grunted a few times when he hit her cervix roughly.  Loki quickly came and released a copious amount inside her warm pussy.
“I know, Buck…I just…”  He trailed off as he walked towards Bucky.  He sat down heavily.  The others scattered in various places in the penthouse.
Steve shook her head as a few tears fell down her face.  She was so tired…so cold…in so much pain…she just wanted to rest…to die.
Steve’s eyes widened as she moved her hips faster and faster trying to satisfy him.  She had never had to do the work in this capacity.  She started sweating with exertion as time kept ticking.
“Thanks!
After some hesitation, T’Challa tapped his ear piece.  “Open Section 5.”
They returned to their room and did not speak for a time.  As they undressed for bed, Tony noticed Steve seemed a bit distressed.
“You are a little thing.  We had to hurt you before to show you how you should behave.”
“They can be.” Odin replied with a smirk.  “This one has a lovely mouth.”  He gestured forward with his hand.  “You may sample her holes.”
“Our fight is not with any of you.  Do
“You must be good, Little One,” Thor said as he thrust his cock in her mouth.  “So good…”  The god of thunder moaned as he moved in and out.  He looked to each side at Loki and Clint as he panted out, “Paint her with your seed.”  He smiled and looked down at the small girl in front of him.  He grabbed onto her long, blond locks for leverage as he increased the strength of his movements.  Loki and Clint took themselves in hand and stroked their respective cocks, loving watching Steve at their feet, choking on a big cock.  Thor roared his release and the other two followed: cum spurting in strands onto her face, hair and back.  Thor took a step back and watched as Steve struggled to regain her breath, still kneeling on the floor.  She started raising her hand to wipe the release on her face when Bucky stopped her.
He smiled evilly at her.  “Good, Pet.  Now…did you enjoy yourself at the banquet?”
Stevie had heard a commotion and had fallen off the bed.  She was huddled against the nightstand, still restrained by her ankle.  She was shaking as she curled herself up into a tight ball.
“No, Steve…”  Bucky said in a sad tone.  “We weren’t worth it.”
create one.”  He warned in a threatening tone.
Thor grabbed her by the arm hard.  “You do as you are told slave.”  He shoved her and she landed between Sif’s splayed legs.  “Use your mouth.”
One of the Royal guards approached them.  “Your royal highnesses.”  He bowed.
Natasha was so relieved to see that they were alive.  She never lost hope and wished to know their fate.  She wanted to celebrate but was incredibly cautious as they walked up to the barrier.  Something seemed off.
Steve forced herself to speak.  “Yes, Mistress.”
“Please, Uncle Clint!  It wasn’t my fault!”
Thor and Loki have a wonderful relationship with Odin in this fic.
Tony and Steve shared a look as they stood outside the force field.  They smiled at their friends who were obviously a little cautious.
“But..but…you’re brothers!”
“Well, of course, we couldn’t do anything if we didn’t ask ol’ Buckaroo first…”
Neither of them answered, because Thanos already knew the response.  If given the choice, they would not return to earth.  They could not freely admit it, but that was the case.  However, Thanos admired their selflessness.  He knew once this was done, his boys would be truly his.  They would erase at least one of their greatest failures.  They could clear their conscience and truly move on as the Children of Thanos.
“Does that hurt Little One?”
Thor yelled, “NO!!” as he tried to stop Steve.  The Asgardian knew even his new forged weapon was no match for Thanos and the stones at this time.  Even if he could kill Thanos, could they reverse the catastrophe that just occurred?
“I wasn’t informed of this.  I’m not leaving.”
“Yep.  You and Loki should come out here.  But Thor!  DO NOT use your god damn rainbow fucking bridge and ruin my lawn or my sand.  I’ll send you coordinates and have Lokes teleport here.  Got it?”
“What?”  Bucky asked.
They discussed mundane things for a time and then Bucky brought Steve to the bedroom and restrained her by the ankle and then returned to the group after shutting the door.
Loki smiled as he said, “They were discussing the wonderful assets of the Captain.”
He moved slightly away from Thor to answer.  “Well, it would be a simple spell to prevent him from being with child and also…I can ensure maximum enjoyment.”
“Sir, my protocols…”  JARVIS slurred his command and stopped altogether.  Suddenly, from the balcony a shattering sound traveled through the penthouse as War Machine crashed through the glass followed by Falcon. Their weapons were ready and aimed against the trio.  The elevator doors opened, and Nick Fury, Maria Hill, Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff and Sharon Carter stepped off with guns drawn.
When the bath was complete, he lifted her out and dried her.  Steve could barely walk so he brought her over to bed.  He did not place clothes on, he wanted to sleep naked with her.  He turned to his side and gathered her against his chest.  He became slightly hard just feeling her warm skin against his.  He pushed his semi hard cock into her vagina.  She tensed because she was dry but said nothing.  He settled in and quickly fell asleep.  It took Stevie longer because of the pain inside her, but she felt content knowing that Bucky was happy.
Steve’s eyes opened when he felt the spaceship land.  He and Tony unbuckled themselves and stood.  Thanos approached them and waved his gauntlet and suddenly all three were in full armor.  Steve and Tony looked down and theirs was gold and purple, similar to the Mad Titan’s.
“Anyone else?”  Loki asked as he placed his robe back on.  Hogun and Fandral walked up to Steve and relieved themselves all over, soaking her hair, face and body.
“That’s a warning, Stevie…you better behave.”  Bucky responded and he picked Steve up and turned him over until he was on his back.  He grabbed the thin wrists and extended them above Steve’s head.  He cried out in distress as Bucky turned to the Asgardians.  “Lokes.”  He said quietly and with a wave of his graceful hands, invisible bonds locked Steve’s wrist to the bed.  He looked up frantically as he tried with all his might to break away.
“Tony?  Lube?”  Bucky knew he could go down on him or have someone else but he wanted to show Stevie who was boss.  It wasn’t about his pleasure right now.  Maybe later if he was a good girl.
“ANTHONY.”  He practically growled.  He proceeded to pick up the human and hoist him over his shoulder.  Tony screamed and kicked all the way back to the ship.  After they entered, Thanos dropped him near a sleeping figure.  Tony scrambled over to see an unconscious Steve Rogers. His face was bruised just like his own.  He let out a sob as he looked to Thanos.  “What did you do to him?”
“Steve?  We are going to have a doctor look at you; I am going to be with you the whole time.  Make sure you are okay.”
Steve looked down as he took deep breaths.  He reared his arm back and slapped Bucky as hard as he could across the face.
Thanos knew that the guilt they carried over their lost friends would be something they could never overcome.  It was the last aspect they hung onto of their home planet.
“Thank you.”
“It does not always need to be pain, child.  Or cold.” Her grey eyes stared upon her.  The girl still shivered greatly despite the fur and the large fire burning in the room.  Finna knew when she took a small glimpse into her mind that cold was a great trigger for this one.  She would take full advantage of the aspect to get her in line.
“Please, Stark,” Loki added, “By the way you gaze at our dear Captain, you are hardly devastated that he has not reverted to his previous form.”
“Let’s go to bed.”  He lifted her up and they settled into bed.  “I want you to sleep with your mouth on Daddy’s cock, sweetheart. Okay?”
“Great idea.  Grab a drink and we’ll sit outside for a bit.”  Tony retracted the clit stimulator but kept the other bot settings the same.  The two metal cocks continued pummeling inside her channels.  He placed the gag back in and blindfolded her.  Bucky handed him a drink.  Tony placed the remote down on the table and the three went outside to enjoy the late afternoon California sun.
“I want his mouth.”  Tony replied.
“I need to talk to my lawyer!”
“Yes, Daddy.”  She looked down.  Even though the man could not touch her like Bucky and the others, she still did not want them to leave.
“Now, slave, we are here to correct a great wrong.  Be a good girl.  Lady Sif shall report to me your progress.  If you perform well, you know what your reward is.  If you do not, I will have a great punishment for you.”  She leaned down to whisper in her ear: “Give your sincerest apologies as well, child.”  She smiled as she caressed her hair.  With a nod to the Lady, Finna departed.
The next morning Steve woke up with a small note sticking to Tonys pillow.
I nodded and smiled at him, but even I had to wince at his fake it felt.
“Hello friends!”, boomed Thor and together with Jane, followed by Rhodey, Pepper, Bruce and Natasha he sat down at the table.
"You've heard it Dad. Papa doesn't like me hanging out with Wade, now imagine what would happen, if we told him that we are actually a couple." Peter sighed. Wade came up to Peter and clapped his hand on his shoulder, giving him support.  Tony didn't know what to say about that and for a moment he just stood there with his mouth wide open staring between Wade and Peter, not knowing what to do... what to say and then determination claimed him and his face darkened.
Steve
"Of what? Sherlock Holmes? Of course I did, why do you ask?"
Ashamed Steve retreated a little bit, but still looked at me with concern in his eyes.
I didn’t answer, but dad didn’t wait for one and just strode out of the kitchen.
Steve turned around, said goodbye to Peter, who ignored him and with a hurt feeling went slowly back to his car.
"Just what, Wade?"
Well, it’s certainly not entirely untrue…
“How dare you speak like that to me!”
Jarvis took care of me. I liked Jarvis, he was warm and actually proud of me, when I came up with new ideas for robots.
“What are you going to do today?” Steve asked Bucky after he swallowed some fruit.
“We could start by sitting with him during lunch”, Bruce suggested and pointed towards Tony who was sitting alone at an empty table.
They all jumped into action, Iron Man the first one on the scene, the rest following soon.
“Jesus, Tony!” I heard Rhodey’s voice.
Frantically I looked around and searched for a way out, my gaze just focused on a window when I stumbled into the kitchen table and a loud screech echoed through the
(See the end of the chapter for
He had a pained expression on his face and it hurt Wade to see Peter in so much pain and worry.
I squeezed my eyes shut and did as I was told. At least I knew this part.
"True", Steve laughed. "She probably did too much again."
I grabbed my sweater, threw it over my head and opened the window.
Tony knew it. It was his own damned fault. He shouldn't have put Mrs. Rogers and Steve in this situation. They were good people. People who deserved nothing bad in their live. What was Tony even thinking, forcing himself in their lives. What the hell was wrong with him.
“Bye Wade, see ya tomorrow in school” Peter shouldered his backpack for school and went downstairs to see his father standing awkwardly in the hall waiting for him.
“We are not?” I asked confused.
Steve looked up blinking blearily towards his mother.
Two years passed since the divorce between Tony and Steve. Two whole years where Tony slept alone in his big bed, that he had bought for Steve because he had always complained that their bed was too small for them both. Two whole years where Steve found Bucky and moved in an apartment with him, breaking Tony’s heart all over again.
“Yeah, sorry about that, it just kind of slipped, forget it.”
Mr. Harrison snorted angrily but Tony had already turned around and searched for an empty chair, which happened to be next to me.
“Well, then stop it. It’s annoying!”
"What is it?", Steve asked. His voice was determined and strong again. He stood up.
They helped me into the house and closed the door behind me. It really was warm in here.
“Then we really need to play it, its fun, you will see”, he said excitedly.
Peter laughed loudly.
“That’s not true. You are just lazy. Maybe you should stop fucking your unicorn plushy so much.” Peter grinned.
Then his face got in my vision and I felt his arms on my upper body. He helped me up, but I couldn’t help it and fell back in his arms.
“Ah dude, do you really had to remind me about that?!” Tony yelled through the coms.
„I think you should rest for the reminder of the night too.“
Steve looked disappointed but nodded. “Okay.” And I really was grateful for that.
"Not in this language, young man" Steves Mum came storming through the door, looking at all of them seriously.
He often cooked with his Papa, Dad was more the type of person that went out to eat something, ordered something or made someone else do his food, when he even remembers he should eat something from time to time.
"No."
“Fuck you, Rogers.” He grumbled back and disappeared in his car.
"I thought we were gonna be late for school?" Wade teased.
Wade laughed and kissed Peter, pressing him against the wall. Warmth spread through Peters body, as he felt Wade pressing up to him.
“Hit her head a little bit too hard, did she?” Peter mumbled as he just saw how Wade shoved Ajax face into the bin. When he finally managed to push Ajax completely into the trash, he kicked it hardly, making it roll around the cafeteria directly in front of Mrs. Finch, the director of the school.
"Good night", Steve answered and then promptly fell asleep. His breath evened out and his face looked peaceful, young and vulnerable. I would have loved to kiss those wonderful soft looking lips of him, to draw the lines of his body with my hands to remember every single thing and to cuddle my head in his neck to breath in this stunning scent. He smelled like sandal wood and honey.
“No!” was all he said, shortly before the pancake made his way down onto the top of Dad’s head.
“There were loud noises.”  She said in such an innocent tone.
Bucky only gave Steve a few seconds of shocks, but it was effective.  He was left on the floor, practically drooling after the energy flowed through him.  He reached down to pick up the slight form.  “See Stevie…you need to be a good girl.”  He cradled the stunned Steve against him.  “Your Uncle wanted to feel good and you were bad trying to stop him.  Your body belongs to us, Stevie.  You are not to refuse any of us.”  He paused as he wiped a few tears.  “That was your punishment…wasn’t pleasant, was it?”
Tony closed his eyes and focused on the fullness in his ass and the warmth surrounding him.
“Man…”  Clint paused as he rubbed his crotch.  That’s kind of hot.”  Tony nodded in agreement.
The silence in the room was palpable.  In that moment, Steve realized that neither of them was capable of remorse.  But he had to push a little.
“Y-Yes, Daddy.”
Stevie breathed heavily as she tried to ignore the woman.  Her body was constantly aching, but this new pain was unbearable.
“Then you will learn.”  He calmly answered.  He pushed Tony’s hips forward and his cock slipped into Steve’s mouth.  Iron Man cried out at the feeling as Thanos directed him to slowly move in and out.  He tried to resist but Thanos was so strong.  Tony gently grasped Steve’s beautiful face to try to minimize the pace.
“How’s it going?”  James asked.
“I just…don’t know what I am going to do.”
Steve looked at his brother and nodded, wanting him to ask.
“Our Little Bird has been good for team bonding.”  Thor said.
“It hurt so much.”
“Why?”
“JARVIS, I have requested to no longer be addressed as Captain.”  He said with a smile.
The Falcon left the room and returned with a code they forced Stark to give up before they departed the Tower.  He unlocked the cuff as Natasha found some clothes for her to wear.  Unfortunately, they were Stark’s but, she wanted to cover her up.  Natasha helped her dress and sat her on the bed.  Steve looked so small and lost as she stared blankly across the room.
“The Avengers can’t invade officially; the US government will have to.”  Clint added.
“I’m impressed, Stark.”
“No…I’m not a girl.”
“She was a bitch, Thor.”  Loki replied as he looked at his brother with lust in his eyes.
“But that’s what you are, doll.  A lovely little girl for us to enjoy.”
“I like it.”  Bucky added.
She trembled in fear as she looked at him.  “N-No Daddy.”
“And what are you, my child?”
Peter smiled widely as he saw Mr. Stark walking towards them. He recalled dying in his mentor’s arms and the void he felt being back and not knowing what had happened to him.
“To pick up a few things.”  Tony responded with a smirk.  He bent down slightly and gestured with his hands in an upward motion and suddenly roots from the Earth emerged and surrounded Natasha, Sam, Bruce, T’Challa, Clint, and the Dora Milaje.  As they attempted to break free from the confines, Tony turned to Bucky and Peter and the roots wrapped around their middle as he made a circular motion with his hands.  He made a forward motion and Bucky and Peter began floating towards the ship.  A glowing light came from the ship rendering the two unconscious as they disappeared towards Thanos.
“Beautiful…”  Thanos murmured as they continued to kiss.  “Open yourselves up for your father.”  He said as he squirted lube onto their fingers.  Steve and Tony reached back and fingered themselves open.  When they were done, Thanos reached his hands down and placed his index fingers in each of their now looser holes.  They both leaned up and could only groan as his large finger penetrated them.  They fell forward and grasped at his large arms to steady themselves.  “You may move.”  They complied and Steve and Tony started to move up and down the finger that was the size of some human cocks.  They cried out as Thanos brought them closer together so they could kiss some more.  They gasped into each others’ mouths as their prostates were assaulted over and over again until they released practically at the same time.  They lay spent against his arms as they came down.  Thanos withdrew his fingers and the two men crawled forward under each of his arms and rested against his broad chest.  Thanos smiled down at them.
“Sir, my protocols…”  JARVIS slurred his command and stopped altogether.  Suddenly, from the balcony a shattering sound traveled through the penthouse as War Machine crashed through glass followed by Falcon. Their weapons were ready and drawn against the trio.  The elevator doors opened, and Nick Fury, Maria Hill, Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff and Sharon Carter stepped off guns drawn.
“Of course, your highness.”  She bowed to them both and took her leave.
“You Midguardians are so sensitive about such things.”  Loki added in a haughty tone.  “It is a wonderful bonding experience and the former Captain suits those purposes well.”
“Yes.”  Steve replied, trying to keep her voice steady.
“There’s our Little One.”  Thor said proudly as he gazed at the petite former Avenger.
“You’re not as smart as you think you are, Stark.”  Fury added.
“Ah…ah…AHHHH!”  Tony came for the second time, followed closely by Thanos.  The warm fluid flooded his insides.  He could feel the large amount oozing out of his ass.  Thanos lowered him and he was still fully seated inside Tony.  Tony had no energy left and found himself flopping down against the Mad Titan’s chest.  Thanos rubbed his back and Tony hated that it felt good.
“Yes, Daddy.”  She choked out, wanting to scream at the injustice of what her life had become.
JARVIS alerted them to a food delivery.  “I figured we could have a feast for your return!”  Tony exclaimed excitedly as all the men placed their waiting robes on and made their way to the dining area.
“I am happy they did get at least 25 years, though.”  Steve added as they began to go their destination.
“Absolutely, Finna.”  Thor replied.
The traumatized former super soldier looked up, tears flowing down her face.  For a moment, Natasha saw no recognition in her eyes.
Steve started crying hysterically as she crawled closer to Sif’s core.  She shook as she opened her mouth to use her tongue on the area.  Sif was inpatient and only after a minute or two, she shoved Steve away from her.
“Ugh…thanks for the reminder Jarvis.”  Tony gulped the rest of his drink.
“I think that’s enough, Grape Ape.”  Tony warned as he turned towards the man.  Steve kept his head buried against his shoulder, trying not to look at their nightmare.
“I-I’m sorry Uncle C-Clint.  I’m sorry.”
“NO!  Please…”
“I think I can.  We are billions of miles away from Earth, Anthony.  How would you return?”
The normally stoic Steve had reached his breaking point with the losses they endured.  He squeezed his hand.  If it took all his power, he would keep Steve safe.  Tony would make sure he wasn't broken by Thanos either.  He was Tony Stark.  He would be steadfast against their greatest enemy.
“I will say, I admire your spark, Anthony.  I learned of you when you dealt the final death knell to my Chitauri.”
Stevie lay on the bed, warm cum dripping from her pussy and from her mouth.  Bucky righted her and placed her back in his lap.
“I am Dr. Stephen Strange.  A sorcerer, practicing the mystic arts.  I apologize for scaring you.  I sensed that you were here.”  He paused.  “Perhaps, we can talk.”  He stepped aside and gestured to the open door.  “I assure you, Captain, I shall do you no harm.”
Bucky, Clint and Tony grabbed some beers as they sat on the couch.  They had left Steve on the floor for the time being.  They were enjoying their drinks when Jarvis interrupted.
Thor and Loki retired to their suite early that night.  That gave Bucky, Clint and Tony more time with her.
Steve aborted a sob that threatened to release as he slowly dropped the clothes to the bed.  He stood there slightly shivering from the coolness in the air.  Bucky picked him up and carried him to the others.  Tony motioned to them to follow him down an ornate glass staircase that led to the lower level.  There they found an amazing set up: a large Japanese style bed, a breeding bench, a padded table with restraints in each corner and a wall adorned with sex toys, chains, leashes; whatever one could imagine, it was there.  It was a massive sex room with an amazing view of the Pacific.  Clint whistled, continuously awestruck by the wealth of Stark.
“I-I’m Daddy’s little girl.”  He answered loudly against his will.
“Can I go to the bathroom, Daddy?”
“Good.”  She smiled.  “Let us go.”  She grabbed the leash, and they left the dungeon.
Thank you for all the feedback! I really appreciate it.
“I need you, Daddy.”  Steve moaned as he leaned in and started licking the tip.  When it was small enough, Steve took the head in his mouth causing Thanos to groan with pleasure.
“Uh, how about no.”
“Where is your brother?”  He asked as he soaked in the look of his boy in low slung pants.  His cock stirred.
Tony walked over and easily picked up the ninety-pound super soldier and carried him over to the breeding bench.  He lay Steve over it, ass up in the air.  “I finally get to try her ass out.”  Iron Man said proudly as he grabbed the lube.  Bucky was pleased to see Steve did not attempt to flee the bench.  Tony spread the heated cheeks, causing Steve to whimper from the continued sting after his punishment.  Cold air assaulted the tight and clean pucker as Tony held firm.  “Jesus…gorgeous little fucking hole.”  He moaned.
Happy New Year!
“Go on, Anthony…”  Thanos said as he sat back in a relaxed manner.  Tony ignored him to ensure he was properly prepared.  He looked at Steve whose head nervously drifted towards Thanos again.
“I-I’m sorry…U-Uncle Thor.”
“Do you want to be punished, baby?”  Bucky asked as he easily tightened his hold of him.  “Uncle Clint is going to make you feel good.  You should be appreciative of it.”  He paused as Steve weakly struggled.  “I’ll say it one more time, do you want to be punished?”
“Ahhh…”  Steve gasped.
“Does that make you happy, my Loki?”
“Fuck yeah.  Thank you, Boss.”  Jack smiled widely.
“Yes, Daddy.”  She shook her head in disbelief.  She was already in so much pain, she could not believe she had to do more.  “Please…”
“When my brother uses his Seidr for life saving purposes, it is a significant drain.  He shall recover by morning.  Is there a room I can lay him down?”
Steve banged on the elevator door that wouldn’t open.  He slowly turned around to see Bucky calmly walking towards him.  Steve gazed around the room and saw Loki, Thor, Tony and Clint all standing at the bar doing nothing.
“Of course, my princes.  Perhaps next time bring a newly designated whore to me and I shall train her right.  It shall save you from such annoyances.”  She winked at her friends.  “Clearly her prior discipline has not cured her ill behavior. I am aware you are not the primary owners of her, but she still has a defiant attitude about her.  At this point, she could have been well trained.”
“Aye…but it’s been a long while…”  Thor answered.
“Because you’re mine.  And I am finally going to show you.”
“Fuck…”  Tony bit his lip, trying not to say too much.  He did not want Thanos to have the satisfaction but Tony was in absolute ecstasy.   Steve was so tight and responsive, Tony never felt this good.  He pumped in and out, reveling in the amazing feeling.  Soon, he could tell Steve was close.  He let his hand drift down and started pumping his cock in unison to his thrusts.  Steve arched violently and came all over Tony’s hand and chest.  Tony’s release followed soon after.
“Yes, it can.”  She stroked her hair.  “You are so little…it will always hurt.  But that is of no consequence to them.  It is not your Masters’ fault that your body is tiny.  Is it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
She was not sure why she stared at the building for as long as she did; but she stepped back after some time.  She shivered for an unknown reason as felt the need to leave.  As she turned around the front door opened.
“Why does it matter?”
“Does…does this mean I can build a suit?”
Natasha asked one more time.  “Why are you here?”
“Yes, my King…yes!”  He exclaimed as Thor’s 11 inch cock thrust inside his baby brother.  He pulled out for a moment and then grasped on to Loki’s hips tight and with supernatural force, thrust back into Loki and pushed him back into Steve and that pain caused Steve to scream out in horror at the force they were using.
The group held their breath as they watched Bucky take a deep long drink of the mead.  His metal arm whorled and he took a seat, leaned back and slowly opened his legs.  His gray blue eyes narrowed as he looked at Stark and the others.  “I’ve wanted to fuck Stevie since 1939.”  He said quietly.  The other men smiled.
“What does he mean?”  Bucky asked.  “Steve?”
“Wouldn’t mind her calling me, Daddy.”  Clint added as he palmed his clothed cock.
“Do you blame us?  Hot innocent super soldier?  And the way he looks now?”  Clint added.
Thanos stood and left the room, leaving Steve and Tony alone.
Thanos smiled as he raised his gauntlet.  “Tell him, Steven, what happened to your Vision after the Witch destroyed him?”
“Always one for your little speeches,
“You’re scaring me Bucky.”  Steve looked around and Tony and Clint were by the bar and Thor and Loki were on the balcony.  They were all clueless to Steve’s increasing distress.  “What’s going on?”  His breath started picking up as he noticed his eyes looked dilated.  “Are you hurt?  Did the witch get you too?”
“It is truly appalling how archaic Miguardian culture is, brother.”  Loki said as he turned to Thor.
“Jesus.”  A small sob escaping him.
Mentions of bestiality but NOT against Stevie. It is used as a tool to inspire fear.
Finna opened the door and Lady Sif was lounging on a chaise.
Peter stepped towards Tony.  “Mr. Stark…”  He tried to convey his emotions but he could only look to the man he considered like a father to him.  What an amazing gift he gave them all.
If Bucky and Tony were surprised by his candor, they didn’t show it.
“Well done.  You may cum.”
Steve took a step back and gave a quick look to Tony.
“Answer me, sugar.”
Previously on Predators:
Tony lifted her off and placed her on the bed.  He grabbed the remote and pressed the button, causing a shock to flow through her.  Steve screamed in pain as she writhed on the bed.  He released the button and looked down at the whimpering girl.  He picked her up and brought her over to the kitchen where the others were.
“Balance is important in the universe.  I saved mankind.”
“How about lowering the weapons.”  Tony added in a tight tone.
“Count ‘em.”  When Steve didn’t immediately answer, he repeated.  “Count.  Them.”
“Guess you graduated to general population, Barnes.”  The guard said as they reached their destination.  They waited for the large steel doors to open and he escorted Barnes to a new cell block that had eight cells in it.  After Bucky place his items in a cell, the guard unlocked his chains and departed.  Bucky looked down for a moment and then heard steps in front of his cell.
They both dressed in ill fitting cream colored tunics and pants as they emerged from the wash area.  They were on alert, not sure what to expect from Thanos.  Why were they there?  Why did he not kill them?  Steve and Tony wanted answers as they wandered through the large house.  They were starving and saw a table with various foods on it.  They were unsure if it was drugged but at this point in order to find their way home, they needed to keep their strength up.  Thanos was nowhere to be found at the moment.
Suddenly in a grand display of lights and noise, they were carried upwards.  Loki’s arms slipped around her tiny waist as they were transported…a beautiful array of colors as they travelled.  Steve could not tell how long the journey was, when they abruptly stopped in an expansive lobby.  The momentum carried Steve and she would have flown away if Loki had loosened his grip as they reached their destination.  Luckily, he steadied her, but that did not stop Steve from feeling severe vertigo.  She closed her eyes as she grabbed her head.
No one spoke for a time.  Thanos returned to the ship leaving Tony and Steve in front of their teammates.
“Yeah.  I appreciate it.”
Thanos smiled at them.  “Yes, my beautiful boys.”  He stepped towards them.  “Take tonight to decide.  I will leave you be.  We will talk in the morning.”  And with that, he left the room, leaving Steve and Tony shocked.
“Aye, but rest assured, I can navigate it.”
“Maybe we should sell you off, honey.”  Bucky responded in a dismissive tone.  “I’m sure we could get top dollar for a perpetually virginal whore.  Don’t you think, Tony?”
“Good girl.”
Thanos enjoyed his time with his boys.  He loved being inside them.  They had become so responsive.  They no longer fought him whether he took them or when they made love to each other.  They were beautiful to watch.  Thanos knew he picked wisely.
“I would watch that attitude,
“What?”  The god of mischief said in a haughty tone.
Thor and Loki walked down to the stable after they rested.  It was late afternoon by the time they entered Finna’s reception area.
“No, Anthony, you shall not die here.”  He kicked Nebula’s dead body and leaned down to gently grab Tony’s arm.  “Come.”
Thanos pulled out and stood up.  He looked down on them and smiled.  “Well done, boys.”  He left the room.
“I like it.”  Tony replied.  “This whole section of beach belongs to me; the utmost privacy that money can buy.”
Awareness slowly returned to Steve and she suddenly arched up gasping for air.  She frantically looked around the room; initially not sure where she was.  The light peaking through the curtains appeared like morning sun.  She panted, feeling exhausted.
The royal banquet hall was awash in merriment.  Thor and Loki were seated at one long table with Odin, the ruler of Vanaheim and his most trusted advisor.  Another five of their delegation sat with the Warriors Three and Lady Sif.  The tables were set up in a V formation.  In the middle of the two buffets, a breeding bench sat on a platform.
Volstaag replied, “Thank you.”  He pushed back in slightly and proceeded to urinate inside her.  Steve could tell something was flooding her insides and weakly cried out when the smell hit.  “Ahhh.  That feels good.”  The hulking man said as he leaned back and stood up.  He grabbed his dick and shook it to get the last remnants off him.  The drops hit her face as she tried to turn away.
“No, Daddy…”  She forced out.
Tony shook his head a bit before answering.  “I don’t think so.”  The two were now nude and Tony embraced Steve.  “It’s okay. We’ll always be together.”  The younger man nodded and he whimpered as Tony captured his lips in a passionate kiss.  They made love for hours and as they whispered to each other their thoughts, they fell asleep confident they knew what they would ask their father come morning.
Steve tensed as he saw his onetime friends sitting at the table, all dressed in fluffy white robes.  He tried his best to keep from shaking as Bucky placed him down on his feet.  Perhaps his shivering was from the cold or fear, he didn’t know.
When her bearings returned a bit, Steve was led through the expansive space until they reached a room with steam everywhere.  It was a large bath like you would have seen in ancient roman times.  Two servant girls were tasked with washing her.  Before placing her in the bath, Steve was given an enema.  When that was complete, they led her into the warm water and proceeded to wash her hair and body.  Every crevice was thoroughly cleansed.
It took some time, but she finally spoke.  “T-Tasha?  Sam?”
“She’s lovely…”  Finna purred.  “We don’t get enough of these, do we?”
“I am ready, Captain.”
“Tony…”  Bruce implored as he saw the look in his friend’s eyes.  He was not the same Tony Stark they knew.
“Stop!”  Tony said as he gazed up at Thanos from his knees.  “You’ve done enough.  Please.”  The alien did not look amused.  “Why are you doing this?”  Tony shook his head in disbelief.  He had played along so far, but this was madness.  “ANSWER ME!”  Thanos did not and simply stepped closer to Steve, who whimpered against the bed.   “Take me.”  Tony said in defiance.
Steve placed her cool hand against the heat of the sting on her face.  “No, Mistress!”  She forced out.  “W-Where are…”  She cried out again when Finna hit her a second time.  “You do not speak out of turn.”  She stared down at the frightened girl.  “Your Masters are so disgusted with your behavior that they cannot be bothered to dole out your punishment themselves.  You humiliated the royal princes before the eyes of their noble friends.  Your Masters have tasked me to carry out correction as I see fit.”
“You are in no position to demand anything, Tony.”  Natasha said as she neared the trio.  “How could you?”  She looked at them in disbelief and then trained her eyes, especially on Bucky.  “Steve is our family.  He was
“Why, Bucky?”  He shook his head.  “Why would you rape me?  All of you?”
“Bottom bunk is mine, prag.”  Tony looked up to see a 6 ft 4, 280 lbs man with tattoos from his neck down.  He was in pants and no shirt.  In the middle of his chest was a large supremacist symbol.
“Good girl.”  Bucky added as he smoothed the skirt over him and then proceeded to slip it off.  He turned Steve around to face him and slowly, button by button undid his shirt until it fell open; he slid it off his shoulders rendering him naked in front of the three men.  Bucky leaned in and for the first-time captured Steve’s mouth in a kiss.  He forced his tongue in and assaulted his mouth, not leaving Steve the choice but to simply sit there and let it happen.  Nausea rolled through the younger man as he was devoured; the parody of caring when Steve knew he was just a whore to be used and abused.  As Bucky continued, all Steve could think is how he wished he could die.
“You will not like the punishment if you do.” Loki added.
Bucky withdrew his fingers and turned Steve around to face him.  He wiped the tears as he placed his metal arm around his tiny waist.  He wiped tears with his flesh hand.  “Daddy wants you to be tight every time I fuck you.  It makes me happy.  Since you are my best girl, you should be pleased that your Daddy is happy.”  He added.  “Once you accept who and what you are, you may enjoy it.”  He tilted his head to look into Steve’s despaired eyes.  “Are you Daddy’s little girl, honey?”
“You will need to learn the rules, child.  Pain is an important tool to teach the point.”  She started inserting the sound into her urethra.
Loki smiled widely.  “I like the sound of that.”
Thor and Loki were swimming in the ocean as the others lounged by the pool.  Tony was sipping on a cocktail when his phone rang.  “Fuck…it’s Fury.”  He contemplated not answering but decided he should because the Director would track him down regardless.
“Oh, that’s right.  Thanks.”  He nodded at Jack.  “Alright, Buck, Clint.  Let’s go see our naughty baby.”  He said with a wink.
“What do you say to us, Little One?  For pampering you so?”  Thor said, his eyes darkening when she did not immediately reply.
“What’s wrong, Stevie?”
“Yes.  Needed to be done.  She was a bad girl.”
“But I forgive you, Stevie…because I love you…and, after all this time, I think I deserve a reward.”
Steve sighed as he took a deep breath.  “I’m healing.  It’s a slow process.  When the spell was reversed, I had hoped I could just forget what happened.  But as I continue my recovery, I think I was meant to continue to carry this burden.”
“For what reason, Captain?”
“D-Daddy…”  He whispered feeling shame flow through him.
They both breathed sighs of relief at the recognition.
“PLEASE!!! AHHHH!!!!!!!”  The former super soldier screamed.  “Take it out!  Please take it out!!!”  Finna paid no heed as she inserted the metal rod as far as she could.  The sorceress stepped back to watch her captive’s distress.  She then slicked up two dildo’s and inserted one in her vagina and then shoved one in her tight anus.  They were secured and then activated.  “UGH!!!!  It hurts…Please…ple…”  Her words were silenced as Finna placed a gag in her mouth and blindfold and left the chamber.
Steve stared out the window of the helicopter as he made his way to the destination.  When he landed, he unbuckled his belt and was met by the warden on the tarmac.  As they made their way inside, he was led to the main office area.  The warden closed the door behind them.
As the men finished up breakfast that morning, Tony moaned as Stevie warmed his cock while kneeling under the table.  He wiped his mouth to remove the last remnants of food and leaned back.  He ran his hand through her long blond hair, pleased to see her so compliant today.  When Bucky arrived at breakfast, he made Stevie show her uncles exactly why she was a girl.  Despite the tears in her eyes, she diligently pointed to her adorable tits, her cunt and her special hole and informed her uncles that she was their good girl.  It was becoming easier for her to say the words as Bucky made her repeat one hundred times before joining the others for breakfast.
“You’re so beautiful, Stevie…before…even when you were a little shrimp…you were beautiful.  And you never noticed how I looked at you.”
Finna nodded.  “Yes, your highness.”
“Mr. Jack is going to get you clean for us so when we come back, you will be ready for us.”  He stepped up to Steve and caressed her smooth innocent appearing face.  “I love being in your special hole, but I want it to be clean for your Daddy, me and Clint.  Okay?”
A few hours later, Finna entered Steve’s holding room. She was with two servant girls and a man who carried in a small bench. Finna placed Steve on her belly over the bench. One of the servants held up the golden robe while the other inserted lube inside her rectum.  She also placed some in Stevie’s vagina as well.  When they were done, they stepped back and looked to their mistress.
“I’ll help you, Tony.”  Steve replied as his wet eyes shone with such innocence.  “Just like you did for me.”  They smiled at each other as they embraced.
“Bucky…”  Steve sobbed out as his head moved back and forth in disbelief.  The guilt he always carried from the train…his words pierced him to his core.
“Excuse me, Sir.  May I remind you that your plane is to leave in 3 hours.”
I love hearing your ideas! Now that Steve will be in Asgard, let me know if there is something you'd like to see!
“Yes, it is of great import that men should be satisfied in such ways.  The mind is clearer for battle.”  Odin replied as he smiled at his heir and his brother.  “I am pleased you have returned my sons.  We completed our meetings with the representatives of Vanaheim.  They were very productive.  We will celebrate with a great feast.”
“That will be all, Astrid.”
Thor defended himself.  “I am simply stating that the Captain is beautiful, although I much appreciated Steve’s form before this change was forced upon
“You address them with the reverence they deserve.  Not because you are forced to, but because you want to.  You do that because it pleases your Masters.”  She caressed her face.  “All the fight you had in you, is it not better to accept your place?  To know what you are?”
Tony was red with anger as he reluctantly stripped down.  A guard stepped up to him.  “Open your mouth.”  He waited for Tony to obey.  “Lift your tongue.” He paused.  “Lift your sac.”  Tony bit his tongue to keep from yelling out at the indignity.  “Turn around.”  “Open your cheeks.”  Tony complied and mentally plotted ruining every one of these people when his appeal would grant him freedom.
“Hi, Steve.  It’s me.  It’s Natasha.”  She smiled.  “And look.  It’s your friend, Sam.”
“Such ungrateful little pests.”  Thanos said as he gazed upon the rag tag group of Avengers.  “You should show respect to those who bargained for your life.”
“Yes, Mistress.”
Steve was provided with intense outpatient therapy with many medical professionals.  She received care from psychologists and psychiatrists that specialized in those dealing with human trafficking and sexual slavery.  She also confronted her gender issues.  There was so much trauma that faced her, at times she did not think she could emerge to any sense of normalcy.
“Well, we shall see in the morning.  For now, you shall return to the stone room.”  She nearly chuckled at the widened eyes.
family.”
“Agreed.”  The entire group answered.
“Stark has tried to appeal for the last two years.  He is requesting his case to be moved to federal court.  It won’t be successful, though.”
Her lips trembled.  “Supposed to make him cum.”
"What do you think, Father?"  Tony asked and it took some time for him to answer.
“I will allow that just the once, child.”  She smiled as she patted her lap.  She expected Stevie to sit on her.  Finna turned her to face the glass, her back against the woman’s ample chest.  Steve closed her eyes to not watch the monster finish inside the man and another man and woman placed in the space.
“Why don’t you fuck Steve now, James?”  Tony pondered out loud.
“Why?”  He said in a nervous tone.  He made no move towards him.  Tony grasped his wrist.
“Wasn’t sure if Stevie would be into it.  Then there was war, and we didn’t get a lot of time together…and then I fell…”
“You need an attitude adjustment, Anthony.”
“We’ll kill ourselves then.”  Tony warned.
When they were finished, they dressed and made their way back to the large common area.  Steve was not sure what clothes to wear so he started placing the shirt and skirt back on when Bucky stopped him.  “No, sweetheart.  You don’t need clothes.”
Tony turned his gaze to him, “We’re not your boys.”  He paused.  “Why don’t you tell us what you want from us?”
They both looked sheepish for a moment.  “Please, Daddy.”  Steve implored.
Stevie nodded.  “Yes Mistress.”
“Brother?”  Steve replied.  “What game are you playing?”
“Hello father.”  Both boys replied as they genuflected to their King.
Steve’s eyes watered as slowly shook his head in disbelief.  He looked at Tony.
“When I felt you near the Sanctum, I could sense the magic that caused your change.  The Avengers were not able to locate the magic bearer for the reversal?”
“Oh fuck…fuck…fuuuuck!”  Tony shot his load up his ass as Clint came at the same time.  Tony stumbled away from Steve and flopped down next to Bucky.  “Best fuck ever, right?”  He smirked at his fellow Avenger.
After they removed Stevie from the punishment chair, she was bathed.  Clint had to carry her to the bathroom, because she could not walk after the positioning she was in for a few hours.  When she was done, Bucky placed her in a shirt and skirt and now stood in the kitchen with her and the others.  Thor had Tony remove the biometrically sealed collar.  He assured him that she would have a monitoring system fit for an Asgardian slave upon their arrival.
“What did he ask you to do?”
“Nah…don’t blame any of you at all.”  He said with a smile as he took a large drink of mead.
She finally admitted her fear to Sam and Natasha, and they enlisted the skills of Shuri in Wakanda and she created a cuff that encircled her wrist that would not allow her to be taken off world.  She could breathe a sigh of relief, that they could not kidnap her and take her back to their home.
Steve bit her lip as she stood shaking under the scrutiny of Lady Sif.  “L-Lady Sif…I-I am so sorry what I did.  I h-hope you can forgive me.”
With trembling lips, he said, “You really are the Winter Soldier…my Bucky is gone…”
“Thanks, Pete.”  Tony said as affectionately patted his shoulder.
“By the Norns!  It is the tightest I have ever felt!”  Thor declared as a look of bliss traversed his face.  Bucky looked pleased at Thor and noticed Tony and Clint sprawled on the couch jacking off, aroused by the sight.  Loki stayed close to Thor mesmerized as his brother’s cock inch by inch disappeared into the petite body.
“Fury is like a dog with a bone.”  Clint answered.
PLEASE READ THE TAGS. This story is dark and brutal. It may not be for everyone.
“No time.”  He paused.  “Now we can make it easy or hard.  It’s up to you.”
“Happy to oblige.”  The archer answered, gracefully falling to his knees in front of the prize.  He loved eating pussy and was excited to finally get his mouth on it.  He placed his hand on the inner thighs widening the space even more than Bucky had provided.
“The raccoon was part of a group.  The Guardians.  They all died in front of me.”  He paused as he bit his lip.  “I assume you don’t know about Pepper.”
“You must wait until the morning, my son.”  Thanos smiled as he sat back.  “Let me see my beautiful boys.”  Steve and Tony looked at each other and stripped down.  They held hands as they stood naked in front of Thanos who patted each leg.  They climbed on as they each straddled a muscular thigh.  A large hand held on to each of their waists.  They leaned over and kissed each other as Thanos ran his hands up and down their backs.  He loved the smooth youthful skin of his boys.  They looked like angels: one light and one dark.  Their skin glowed and their silken hair flowed just above their shoulders.  They were a sight to behold.  He was so proud as they walked towards the castle of the admiring looks the soldiers tried to hide.  His former children clearly didn’t inspire that reaction.  They were universally feared.  But Anthony and Steven, their appearance may make those assume they are weak, but little will they know, his boys will be as lethal or more than his previous children.
“Good point.”  He replied.
She shook her head.  “No, Daddy.”  She squirmed while she was sitting.
“I don’t think the others heard you, Stevie.”  He taunted.
“Look baby…”  Bucky responded as he raised Steve’s leg.  His cock looked obscenely large poking inside him.  “Daddy absolutely loves your special hole.  FUUCK…”  He threw his head back loving the friction against Steve’s spasming walls.  With strength the Winter Soldier could manage, he grasped Steve’s legs and hips and moved him up and down his cock.  He enjoyed the feeling as he manipulated the small body up and down. Finally he released with a yell and his cum flooded Steve’s insides.  He let him stay on his cock as he recovered.  After some time, he lifted him off, enjoying the slid of cum oozing down Steve’s legs.
“Fury, you know damn well where I am.”  He heard Nick sigh.
“AHHHHHHHHH!”  Steve shuddered as bliss encompassed him.  For a moment, he could forget what was happening.
“Yes, Daddy.”  She replied quietly as she tried to force down the growing anxiety within her.  She did not want to incur their wrath.  Their recent punishments had been so horrific and painful, she promised herself she was going to be on her best behavior.  Steve hated that they had this control over her, but she couldn’t handle so much pain.  She vowed to try her hardest to be good…she knew everything they did to her hurt; but if she gave her best, maybe they would be gentler.
Suddenly the door opened and Finna appeared.  Stevie was shocked not to see Thor or Loki.  She wanted to ask where they were was terrified to ask.
“Clint, put some lube in her cunt and ass.”  The archer nodded and completed the tasks.  Tony had the suit stand in between her open legs.  He pressed a button on a remote and over the crotch area a plate opened, and an appendage came out.  “It’s a 14-inch by 4-inch cock made from metal alloy with a human like skin sheath surrounding it.”
“Thank you, Mistress.”  She whispered, fearful that she spoke out of turn and would be punished.
“We can’t have our fun with Stevie if he’s around.”  Clint responded.
In the morning, Finna returned and took Steve to another part of the stable.  They entered a room with multiple men.  They were all attached to a wall by their ankles.
“Good, girl.”  He smiled as he stroked his long blond hair.  “You took your punishment well for Daddy.  “Now you understand what happens when you are bad?”
“Do you see how good you feel?  When you make your Masters happy, at times they may make you feel bliss as well.”
“Then answer Daddy when he asks you a question.  Do you know what I would like you to do for Uncle Thor?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What would you like me to do, boys?”
Steve took a deep breath as he placed the charcoal down.  “Okay.”  He might as well go up and try to socialize.  He had not seen them in almost three days.  He walked towards the elevator and pushed the button to go up.  He soon arrived and walked into Tony’s massive space.  Often the group met up there or the common room to unwind.
“You love me being inside you, Anthony.”
ONE YEAR LATER
Clint waited for a long moment and then nodded his head.
“Pleasure doing business with you.”  He replied as he stood behind Tony and jammed three fingers in his puffy, sensitive hole causing the smaller man to cry out.  “A few more clients today, prag, then you will have your weekly visit to the Warden.  You know how he loves to fuck your sloppy hole.”
Tony wiped his hand on the sheet as he looked up at a sated appearing Thanos, “You fucking asshole.”  He choked out as he lay his head on Steve’s chest sobbing, waiting for him to awaken.
Steve sniffed.  “I’m glad you’re here…with me.  That it was you.  Out of everyone.”  A tear escaped his eye.  “Does that make me bad?”  Guilt consumed him as he thought about all they had lost.
“Yes, sweetheart.  You did so well.  I’m so proud of you.”  He smiled as he smoothed a curl behind her ear.
“What is it, sweetheart?”
“Clothes need to be earned, sweetheart.  And you have a long way to go before that happens.”
“Good girl.”  Bucky replied as he stroked his hair and wiped the tears from his face.  “Now, Daddy and your uncles are going to eat.  If you are a good girl, then you can eat after us.”  Steve trembled in his lap.  “While we are eating, I want you to keep Uncle Thor’s cock warm.  Do you know what that means?”  He spoke as if talking to a frightened child.  “Stevie?”  He let the name hang in the air for a moment.  “Do I need to get out the remote?”
Thanos withdrew his hand.  Tony tried to contain the whimper that escaped from losing the stimulation to his hardening dick.  “What do you need?”
Steve flinched when she felt a soft touch to her face.  “You are a great beauty.  You should be honored to serve the princes, child. You should feel pride that you can provide happiness to your Masters.  Many slaves find pleasure in performing well for their Masters.  You can feel good too.  It does not always have to hurt, child.  The princes are skilled in matters of the flesh.  You can be aroused by making them happy.  Do you understand?”
“Of course.  You are our perfect little whore for us.”  He caressed her face and gave her a smile.
“Fuck you.”  He said through clenched teeth.
“I-I’m a sweet little girl.”
Tony chuckled.  “I gave them the day off.”  He replied and gazed up as he heard the captain turn off the seat belt sign.  “Don’t need any outsiders today while we have some fun.”  He smirked as he eyed Stevie.
Steve’s eyes widened at his words as new tears poured from his face.  “No…please…”  He felt so hollow and the pain down there was unbearable.  “Stop…please…why are you doing this?”  The others ignored him as Tony and Clint fought over who was next.
Sam…Drax…Mantis…T’Challa…Groot…Stephen Strange…Peter Quill…Wanda…Peter Parker…Bucky…
“Details, asshole.”  Bucky replied.
“Good girl.  Keep counting for Daddy.”  He smacked his ass again.
Meanwhile the trio did their best to make up for the month that they did not have her.
Unease flowed through Steve.  She was not sure what he meant by that.  She could not dare question anything or she would be punished.
As they stepped down from the ship, Steve and Tony could only follow him.
Thanos directed him to the bed; the implication was obvious of what he wanted Tony to do.  He slowly climbed on.  Steve’s breath caught as he felt the bed dip.  Iron Man lay down next to him.  “It’s okay, Stevie.”  He nodded his head and tried to smile as a few errant tears escaped Steve’s eyes.  Tony caressed his beautiful, innocent face.  Tony gazed up at Thanos.  “I won’t hurt him.”  He declared in a strong tone, not caring if there were consequences to his insolence.  The Mad Titan said nothing as he placed a bottle of what Tony could only postulate was lube on the bed.  He grabbed it and placed it to the side for a moment.
After some hesitation, Steven complied.  He could not even look at Tony as he climbed on the bed; silent tears streaming down his face.
“So fucking good…”  Bucky moaned and closed his eyes as he shot his load down the tight throat.  As he stepped back, Steve collapsed to the floor, gasping for breath as cum poured from his mouth.  The Soldier proceeded to dress, joining Clint and Tony.  Bucky threw Steve’s clothes to the ground next to him, the silent command obvious.
She sobbed and hugged me tighter.
Tears welled up in my eyes when I heard his belt open, not an eye blink later the metal of the belt crashed down on my back and my skin broke where it hit me.
“I love you Steve, I love you with all of my heart and I want you to be happy and I know you are more happy, when you are with Tony, than when you are with me.” Bucky added.
"Yes, why?" Steve grinned.
“Black Widow, Thor, please go support Iron Man Hawkeye and me are going to stay in position!” Steve ordered.
Steve, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sleep anymore stood up and went into the living room. Usually he would go for a walk, do some sports to keep his mind from running but now he was just to tired.
I didn't miss the worried look in her eyes as I sat down to nurse my cup of coffee and push down my muesli before I would go up again to brush my teeth. But I was happy she didn't say anything because I hate talking about feelings and even more so in the morning shortly before I would be forced to go to school.
Well, the Tony I heard of at least because actually I never really talked to him and therefore shouldn’t judge him, though I just couldn’t help but feel incredibly annoyed by him.
"Thanks, J." Tony sighed after he has calmed down enough to talk without his voice shaking.
"Peter!"
"Because in the books Sherlock Holmes' character is different, he didn't fight that much and he was never against John's and Mary's marriage and had no affair with Irene Adler", I explained as I crawled under my own covers. Steve's small room now had two beds in it since we carried the one I woke up in into his room.
“What’s your favorite one?” Steve wanted to know, when he stood in front of a shelf full of books he all wanted to have.
"Fine. But if I don't like it, then I will go to Howard and you both will not interfere. Deal?" Tony looked both of them in the eyes.
His chocolate brown eyes were fixed on me and there was suspicion in them.
Natasha was sitting crosslegged on the sofa, leaning on Clints shoulder and playing with two small pocket knives she had brought with her. Pepper capped and uncapped her Pepperspray in an annoying rhythm to calm her nerves and Jane was putting a new film in her camera, because she wasn't able to do it, before she came here.
I looked at Steve. He just smiled at me too.
“Okay, you got me” Wade shrugged with his shoulders and then slumped down next to Peter.
Then he leaned down to kiss Steve one last good bye, before he turned around and left.
I swallowed heavily. I was not in the room with Steve anymore. My heart beat rapidly in my chest and my breath quickened.
I don’t have school problems and no idea of football actually, I never had a girlfriend and I prefer reading books than watching movies. All in all I really wouldn’t fit in there.
Tonys breath hitched.
“Bye Peter, don’t do something stupid”, his Dad answered, starting the motor again and then he drove down the street, quickly disappearing from Peter’s sight.
Steve heard talking around him but could not register what they were saying.  He could only concentrate on the fact that every aspect of his body hurt.
“Wow, Steve, I impressed a fucking madman!  Kudos to me!”  He said sarcastically as he looked at the super soldier who was subtly shaking his head.  He did not want Tony to antagonize him.
“Really?”  Thor smiled widely.  “And why is that?”
“Do you have an appropriate punishment in mind?”  Thor inquired.
Thor: Ragnarok did not happen prior to this story.
“I-I’ s-sorry.”  She said as tears ran down her face, mixing with sweat.
