Assertive, annoyed, “Sherlock! You NEVER deserve to be hurt, especially by me. I am genuinely sorry for that.” Shamefully apologetic at the end. “I’ve gone back to Ella to work on my anger.”
“She shot you Sherlock! How the fuck am I supposed to forgive her for that?”
The man entered the room as though he owned the place, a long, dark charcoal coloured wool coat billowing in his wake, a navy-blue scarf wrapped around his pale neck. A few fellow patrons moved out of his way as he pierced them with a cold, icy blue stare walking near. His dark hair was slicked back, accentuating a regal forehead and sharp cheekbones. The impeccably tailored black suit he wore has a small bulge on one side of the jacket, the shape reminiscent of a sizeable bundle of money. After checking in he picks up the catalogue of slaves being offered this morning and his bidding number before winding his way down toward the tables in front of the raised stage. After a few minutes a shapely brunette woman sits down next to him with a smile, no one heard what he said but she rose shortly after and practically ran to the nearest restroom in tears; she never returned to the sales floor.
Sherlock walks around the table to pick up Rosie from Greg. “Let’s go home John, we have a flat to debug. Again.”
Ignoring Sherlock, Lestrade follows him down the hall. From the doorway he could see John was curled up on his right side in the middle of the bed, a towel folded over his eyes. Rosie sleeping near the foot of the queen sized bed, in a portable crib. The curtains were drawn, lights off.
John wakes again in the late morning to Sherlock trying to slip out of bed. “Mmm… comfortable… where…” he sleepily asks, cracking one eye open.
“I’m so, so sorry John…” repentant, not looking at John
After lunch John staggers the loo and back on his own. He realizes he is still tired even after eating lunch and consuming coffee. Sherlock is sitting in the bed, on top of the covers, propped by pillows, texting once again. John sits on the bed, legs dangling over the edge. Leaning back, John lands his head on Sherlock’s thighs and lets out a sigh. Sherlock reaches down a hand to rub John on his right shoulder.
“Please tell me we’re not going to Siberia.” I bleat.
Lestrade bounded up the stairs quietly stating “Hi John. I’ve waited a bit on this one, not sure I really wanted to bring His Highness in on it or not.” Holding up a thick folder, as he comes through the door John opens.
Huffs in disbelief, “I’m just a broken old soldier…”
“Shower, eat. Then come and kip next to me…” John closes his eye then shifts over in the bed to make room for another body.
“Hey,” John huffs over the backseat, unfastening Rosie from her carrier, “The Beatles are not abysmal!”
Mrs. Hudson is in, cleaning the entryway when they return. Sherlock opens the back of the lorry out front as John unlocks the front door. “Oh, John! How are you doing? I don’t think Sherlock is home dear. Is Rosie visiting with you?”
The sheriff’s demeanour is so similar to Lestrade that John is finally able to relax a bit. “If we find any plots, you will be the first person we notify.”
John walks over to Sherlock who looks up confused, “What does she mean by prize?”
Around 5:30, I’m contemplating on starting supper or just opting out and ordering in when I receive a text from Sherlock.
John leans in to kiss Sherlock again. Murmuring as he pulls back just before their lips meet, “You should be kissed and kissed often by someone who knows how.”
Sherlock and I just finished an involved case for Lestrade. He called us in to help solve a series of locked room murders. It took 5 days and a chase across rooftops (again!) to catch our killer. He was rather determined not to go to jail but we nabbed him in the end. Thankfully neither of us were hurt apprehending our suspect. We gave our statements at NSY then headed home; 221B Baker Street.
"I... why would I ‘chug’ whiskey?”
He sits back in his chair giving her his full attention, “The elder Holmes or the younger brother?”
From the end of the sofa Mrs. Hudson agrees, “You are a dreadful colour John.”
“Sherlock?” Bouncing and rocking Rosie who was not happy with the outburst.
Sean is sitting on his deck, overlooking his fenced off garden as we drive by, there are a few tall plants that look suspiciously like marijuana to me. He has two small dogs that greet us barking up a storm, but quiet down when he tells them to stop. He comes around the side of the house to where we parked. He’s thin, tall, greying hair, blue eyes with the air of an old west trapper about him. The years look like they have been rough on him.
Sherlock scowls, staring down Greg as John answers reassuringly “Those are courtesy of Robert King Greg. Neither sibling went down without a fight.” Placing a hand to his lower back. “They were both a bit sadistic, but he seemed to take joy with physical blows.”
He hasn’t been able to find anything to eat. The only things he could find on the cold, concrete feeling walls were metal rungs and hooks at odd intervals and a metal grate in the floor. He is not sure if he wants someone to bring food or not.
I slide one slicked finger inside. He’s so tight and hot, I gently thrust in and out, revelling in the feeling. When Sherlock feels loose enough I remove my finger and slick up two and start all over again. This time I search for his prostate and am rewarded by the additional moans of pleasure. I scissor my slicked fingers, opening Sherlock up more with each thrust, passing over his prostate frequently. Sherlock bites his lip to keep from yelling out.
At the moment, Sherlock and John were snuggled closely together on the couch watching the burning fire. The only lights on in the flat came from the twinkle lights on the tree and those draped around the room.
I believe you love who you love, and ain’t nothing to ever be ashamed of
“Bill did tell me later that I had somehow managed to take out the bloke who shot me with my sidearm before I passed out. I really don’t remember doing it. The insurgents then captured Bill and I and brought us back to their basecamp. Bill did his best to care for me. I had learned a bit of the local dialect, they grabbed Bill and me as they wanted a doctor for one of their ‘generals’. They were not happy, I could hear them arguing. They didn’t realize the doctor they shot and captured was left handed.
Behind John, Sherlock calls out “Black two sugars, none for John.”
“Alright, we might need to rearrange a few things… put one of the desk chairs on the landing maybe.”
John woke slowly, a warm body pressed against him, an arm over his back, a leg interlocked between his. He’s extremely comfortable laying on his stomach. Opening his eyes he spots Sherlock, who must have fallen asleep while thinking sometime during the night. Sherlock is spooned against his side, breathing evenly, slightly snoring; he finds it rather endearing.
“I thought you would take one, John the other. Pick one, John can fire at the other if he feels up to it.” Kevin glances at me out of the corner of his eye. My shoulder is still aching.
John, wild eyed, looks up at Sherlock, “Bloody hell Sherlock! I’m just peachy! Christ, I just tried to kill Greg!” Shouting, shaking.
“Really? Maybe it was the pint bottle of whiskey you chugged last night. I left the paracetamol and a bottle of water next to the bed for you.”
Sherlock and John looked almost as exhausted as the agents. The FBI for not getting a solid night sleep what with being woken every 2-3 hours. A certain Consulting Detective was tired, but very happy, from having his body worshiped by his extremely grateful husband, late into the night.
“Alright folks, last but not least we have our final bachelor of the evening. Let’s give a warm welcome to one of our own, Dr. John Watson. Dr. Watson holds a position in the St. Bartholomew’s family in one of our NHS clinics. He is a decorated war hero gaining the rank of Captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps. He is widowed and has a daughter just under two years of age.”
Taking a glass and a handful of biscuits “Mrs. Turner’s grandson is visiting again. Mrs. Hudson took her over for a play date again. She assured me they’ll be back in time for supper.”
“Yeah. At Uni I met a boy, Victor Lynne. Thought he cared for me, sex was uncomfortable. He introduced me to drugs to get me to relax, started my habit. Once at a party after he got me high, he convinced me that if I truly loved him, I’d have sex with a woman of his choosing; I couldn’t do it. We broke up, well, he threw me out of his flat the next day because I was an ‘addict’.” Takes a shuddering breath.
“I understand John, nothing will go wrong.” Sherlock reassures me.
“John? I brought you tea.” Sherlock announces quietly from the doorway, leaving the room dark.
Mrs. Hudson greets us along with a wonderful sweet-spice smell as we walk through the door. “Oh boys. Good you’re home, I’ve been baking today. I’ll be up with tea in a bit.” As she smiles and heads back through her door before we can reply.
Dressing across the bedroom Sherlock inwardly cringes, desperately thinking, trying to figure out what, if anything, he did wrong. “John?” He can’t help but become unnerved when John is pissed around him since the incident with Culverton Smith.
Just then the door bangs open and the lights flicked back on by the Doctor followed by a pair of nurses, one male (Karl) the other having been the woman who checked a few moments before (Sandy). Behind them is Mycroft carrying a small suitcase in one hand, his umbrella in the other.
Between Mary’s life insurance and estate there was enough for me not to have to worry about money for a while. I took some time off from the clinic after I moved back into Baker Street. Molly had Rosie, she was going to keep her until tomorrow afternoon as we (Sherlock & I) hadn’t had a good night sleep in days due to a case.
John hears Sherlock chuckle which turns into another moan followed by “Oh God!” as the second slicked finger is added. Unerringly John curls his fingers and finds Sherlock’s prostate again.
7.	Nuns fire (Sonoma Co)
A tall slim man with long blond hair slicked back in a ponytail greets Sherlock warmly before we can get halfway across the shop. “Mr Holmes! It’s been ages. What can I help you with today? Another jewel heist? Who’s this little one?” running a long finger down Rosie’s back.
“Some bloke named Kazuo Yammaguchi with more money than brains. He supposedly has an interesting zoo of supernatural beings.” The middle-aged man finally speaks.
“Of course, dear, no one would want to force you to be with someone you didn’t want to be with.”
John is somewhat mollified by her actions, “Where were you stationed nurse…?”
Frantic, fearful, hand on Johns arm. “I can’t, I couldn’t. The entire time I was away, I was lonely and miserable, I wanted to come back home to you. I became reckless toward the end, that’s how I was captured. I just wanted to finish and go home.” Another tear rolls down.
I take a deep breath. “I, um, asked if you would like to officially adopt Rosie.” I glance at him and notice he is stunned. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to. Just a thought I had. No problem, just forget I asked” I add hastily.
I snarl back at her “Let see. First off I was shot and tortured in Afghanistan then invalided home. But why would you care? You barely noticed me except to blame me for all your troubles the two weeks I lived with you before I moved to an awful bedsit. You were nowhere to be found when my best friend jumped off of a building and killed himself in front of me. I realized I was in love with him after it was too late.” I glance down at Sherlock and squeeze his shoulder again. “The woman I married turned out to be an assassin who tried her best to kill my friend after he managed to come back from the dead. My lying assassin wife had a baby, you haven’t seen since she was born. Your niece Rosie whom you’ve never even bothered with.” Molly is holding Rosie on her hip to soothe her. “My assassin of a wife was shot and then died in front of me. My best friend then tried to overdose on drugs then I beat the crap out of him before a serial killer tried to murder him - again. And after all of this my best friend’s crazy sister tried to have him kill me and when he declined she chained me to the bottom of a bloody well and tried to fucking drown me. All through this and beyond, since I came back from the war, you have been absent. Why did you give me your old phone if you were never going to answer when I called you? Fucking hell Harry! Whatever problems could I have?”
The resultant gasp from the audience is louder than when Sherlock first interrupted the ceremony. Along with Mary’s angrily hissed, “How dare you!”
Kevin wanders carefully over “Sure, just pop the shells out of the shotgun and put it in the rack.”
“I will be, remind me if we go out again to take my bloody pills with me.” I answer. It is feeling better already. Sherlock sees me relax a bit before he gets up and heads into the kitchen.
Sherlock walks in to check on me “I didn’t want to wake you earlier, looked like you needed the rest.” He places the back of his hand on my forehead. “You’re flushed, I’ll go see if Kevin has a thermometer so we can take your temperature.”
“I love you too.” Hugging John tighter. “Please don’t go.” Cried softly into John’s ear.
Lestrade pours out two cups of tea and requests the wait slave to bring back some biscuits on his next trip by. He slides one cup toward Scott, aka Sherlock. The waiter brings back a small plate with a few assorted biscuits, Lestrade picks up the top one and quickly eats whole it as the server walks away. On the stage the young, preteen boys are being brought out naked as the day they were born, wearing the same style of collar and lead as the girls. “God, I hate these places.” He says with a resigned sigh.
A tired looking John is at the kitchen table, straddling a chair turned the wrong way around, leaning his blue dressing gown covered chest on the chair back while slowly eating scrambled eggs and toast. Sherlock is not in sight, but noises can be heard down the hall.
John laughs as he pulls Rosie out of the car seat and greets Sherlock’s mother, “Guess he’s got a point there. I never really thought much about the lyrics before; ‘I am the walrus, goo goo g’joob’.” Giving her a one armed hug, “Thank you for inviting us Mrs. Holmes. How are you?”
“Soldiers for my favourite soldier.”
After the pyramids arrived models of the Taj Mahal followed by St Peters Cathedral then the Colosseum in Rome were sent. The most any box contained was a small Great Wall from China as well as a tiny scale replica of a terracotta warrior and a box of loose leaf black tea. The box from Japan held a beautiful dark haired geisha doll with blue-green eyes, high cheekbones and a fancy tin of Macha Green Tea. John left the teas in their shipping boxes, not trusting who sent them or where they came from. After all, he was not informed that Jim Moriarty had shot himself on the day Sherlock jumped.
“John?”
John smiling “Ta love” as he grabs the jam and cream from the refrigerator and the honey from the side table. “How are your stitches this morning?”
“Did she really?” John laughs taking Rosie from Kevin, giving her a morning kiss. “You seem to be in a good mood today.” Talking to Kevin over Rosie’s head, “What are the fireworks for? I didn’t the American’s celebrated Bonfire Night.”
Mycroft rises, moving away from the chair he was sitting in, when the bathroom door opens a few minutes later. “Gentlemen” a knowing smirk on his face.
She beams another simpering smile at me while nodding. “Oh yes! I saw him when the nice old lady let me in.”
“It’s okay John, I forgive you. Will you move back in with me then?” Forgiving, eager.
“Great. Oh, and I left a gun cleaning kit on the table along with the nature books. Quail season opened today too.”
“Jesus!” I lean the harpoon against the wall on the landing and hurry back to search.
“John, you’ve been my partner ever since the ‘Hope’ case! We may have not been together romantically, but I have considered you my partner since, especially as you saved my life that night.” Smiling the smile he shares only with John.
Kidde was waiting for them outside, they must have made more noise than they thought exiting the house. Sherlock was in the lead and was able to dodge the first strike. Then Sherlock engaged in hand-to-hand combat, landing a few blows as he drives Kidde further away from the house. After a few minutes Sherlock is overcome after an intense fight. John hears his yelp of pain as Kidde lands a kick, knocking Sherlock down. Finally with a clear shot, John fires, hitting the Kidde between the eyes, killing him instantly before he can attack again.
Sherlock hugs me from behind again. We’ve been through a lot tonight and we still have pudding.
Mycroft looks arrogantly at her, “I have my methods. He will be here within” glances at his watch, “the hour. I expect every courtesy to be accorded to him.” The last sentence was not a request.
“Brace the cuff while I buckle it.” I secure the left “again” then the right. “Face down on the bed, arms over your head” I command. Sherlock launches himself onto the bed to get into position. I can’t help but laugh out loud.
“Keep pouting and I’ll make you wear the antlers!” John threatens.
“Good boy, spread your legs for me.” Sherlock moves slow but he does as I command. “Good boy, such a handsome boy.” I carefully climb onto the bed one-handed, settling myself between his legs. His cock is prodigiously leaking pre-come, he seems to engorge a bit more as I am looking at it. I like my lips in anticipation, lean down and curl my tongue around the tip. Sherlock’s hips jump at the sensation. “You’ll have to stay as still as you can for me babe.”
Before the lawyer can make his leave, the door downstairs opens. They can all hear someone bounding quickly up the steps. Sherlock, holding Rosie on his right hip, stops in the doorway, assessing. “Why does John need a lawyer?” he demands walking over to the couch, sitting on the arm next to John.
Sherlock followed up with, “John, I need to speak with you… privately. Please.”
“Nausea?” Sherlock asks, lowering his voice.
Caswell rises as Sherlock makes his quick observation and he berates himself for not securing the felon while he was down. Sherlock pays attention once again to his own fight. After several minutes he finally is able to subdue Caswell yet again, this time using the man’s own belt to tie his hands and legs securely together, as Sherlock only had the one set of handcuffs and John has the zip ties in his jacket pocket.
“Well… (Rubbing the back of his neck) the bullet disappeared between the time it was dug out of the wall and when it arrived back at the station.” Sherlock quirked an eye at the DI. “Anderson left his evidence kit unattended, yet again. Fool didn’t even find the room John had fired from using the trajectory!” Greg then adds. “If you knew you liked John back then, why did it take you so long to hook up… romantically I mean.”
“Molly can keep Rosie for the night, she’ll be warm and safe.”
“Early this morning they pulled me out of the cell. Once again, I was stripped and deloused and put, dripping wet in a cold holding area, my handcuffs were secured to a metal post, and they gagged me. Three guards were on me backstage until they removed the gag. I head butted one while another gave me a shot of something, most likely diazepam from the effects, finally they removed the ankle cuffs and then led me onto the stage. You know the rest.”
John can watch the realization dawning on Sherlock’s face, “Oh? Oh, oh! John, I’m so sorry!”
This time Sherlock answers with pure scorn “We’re fine Lestrade, drop it already.” He opens the door and marches toward elevator without a backward glance.
I raise my glass, glance at Sherlock and state while looking him in the eyes “Sherlock has asked me to marry him and I said yes.” There are congratulations all around. “Not finished yet” I laugh. I look away and back “I asked Sherlock if he would like to adopt Rosie and he agreed.” Stunned silence for a breath, as I turn to see everyone’s reactions they all exclaim their joy at once. I hear excellent, congratulations and how wonderful.
He showered using the shampoo and soap the hotel provided.
Turning Kevin then questions “Are either of you familiar with shotguns? I have two 12-guages here, I also have Diana’s 20-guage in the safe if these have too much kickback.”
We’re still in bed when I receive a text from Lestrade, he needs me to come in and give my statement as soon as I’m able.  Sherlock agrees to come with me, we can pick up Rosie from Molly on the way home as well.
“Of course, just follow me. I’ll take you to him, he’s still a bit groggy.”
Dean Martin was singing ‘Deck The Halls’ lowly through the speaker on a laptop sitting in an overstuffed red chair in front of the fireplace. There was a fire cheerily burning in the fireplace to chase away the chill from the room. Stockings were hung from the scarred mantle with care, a mantle also holding a skull wearing a red Santa hat. Next to the capped skull on the mantle a few holiday cards are displayed along with a few crackers awaiting Christmas Eve supper.
Sherlock seems to melt under Mrs. Hudson’s hand. She motions John closer heading back into the flat, closing the door to give them some privacy on the landing.
“All your clothes or just the ties?” he asks sheepishly.
The next morning, John and his fellow cell mates are loaded into the back of an unmarked panel truck and transported to a new location. They are unloaded, one at a time at gunpoint.
“He loves you John. Hell, he faked his own suicide to protect you.”
Sherlock reluctantly hands Rosie over, to my right hip, before turning back to Kevin and the rifle. “Which target?”
I’m laughing quietly to myself as I come back out to the lounge. Sherlock is up and playing with Rosie, he grins up at me as I go over to them. “Mycroft went above and beyond, I may have to forgive him.” I hand him the contents of the envelope. “I would like to have Rosie’s last name changed to reflect the two of us somehow. Would you prefer Watson-Holmes or Holmes-Watson?” I ask him.
Sherlock grunted an affirmative while watching John’s reaction of a quick shrug, in the rearview mirror
“I will meet you at the hospital personally.” Mycroft assures then hangs up before John can thank him.
“You, all of you. In me” giving my hard member a gentle squeeze.
“Why ever not?” Greg inquires, confused.
John reaches back into the bowl, scrape then swick, swack; another ball of dough drops on the pan.
I hold him tighter “And then me?” he nods “Promise me Sherlock, if I ever cause you discomfort during sex you will tell me at the time. I love you, I never want to cause you anymore pain.”
Either way, the man walks across the street, nearer the door. He waits in the shadow of the doorway of his earlier surveillance. After several moments he pulls an old key from his coat pocket, hoping it still works, he puts it into the lock of the door he was watching. Turning the key, the man quickly glances up and down the street before slowly opening the door and shutting it quietly behind him.
Scratching the back of his head “Heroin and cocaine, surprised he was upright with the amount in his system to be honest.” Looking Sherlock in the eyes “He probably didn’t feel the first shot. I’m sorry I harassed you at the scene, I know how worried you must have been about John.” Waving a hand down the hall. “Speaking of which, I also came to return his gun.” Pulling an evidence bag out of his coat pocket, hesitating and not handing it to Sherlock.
Sherlock holds Rosie while I sit and settle myself in. He hands her over and gets in, driving up the hill. At the crossroad at the top of the trail there is another building to the left. Kevin tells us “That is Kyle and Joan’s place, they aren’t around today. Kyle and his brother Sean help me to keep the roads clear and drivable. Sean’s wife works at the school in town, you’ll see her drive by twice a day during the week. I’ll introduce them to you tomorrow. If you’ll turn right Sherlock we’ll go see where I store building materials.”
While the King siblings are rapturously watching John in pain Sherlock shucks his cuffs, he doesn’t remember calling out John’s name. He throws a punch with his right fist, breaking Robert King’s nose. King loosened his grip on the gun in his hand enough for Sherlock to seize it from him. Sherlock used the butt of the pistol to viscously knock his attacker unconscious.
“Yeah, that and some information. He’s very generous to the homeless who help him out. Heck, I’ve even helped a few myself who didn’t feel comfortable going into a clinic for treatment. Even our landlady helps feed them. Sherlock even pays the café downstairs to give people who have the right code word coffee and a sandwich.”
“Yeah, but we need to take the lorry back and pick up Rosie before Molly goes to work.” Sherlock answers.
“Sounds good.” I watch Sherlock with one eye and Rosie playing with her blocks on the floor with the other. “Can I do anything to help?”
Sherlock and I start to stroll down the aisle, hand-in-hand. Molly and Greg (who grabs the CD player) are behind us. Angelo is happily extolling to everyone on the wonderful repast he and his crew created for dinner. Mycroft offers Mrs. Hudson his arm and follows Sherlock’s parents pushing Rosie in her stroller, who are followed by Bill and Mike along with their wives.
The London Eye is lighting up the night behind him, from halfway across Waterloo Bridge John recognizes Sherlock by his coat, surrounded by a group of burly men. Sherlock is standing strangely with arms pulled behind his back and his feet too close together, it looks as though he’s wearing a bag over his head as well. John starts to run to Sherlock’s aid only to watch in horror as a trussed Sherlock is pitched backwards over the railing and into the black water of the Thames below.
“Okie dokie. Let’s head on down the road shall we?”
“Let us find out together, shall we?” I grin back, letting him take over my laptop.
“He’s claiming you threw the first punch. I think he’s hoping that you don’t remember enough to go on the witness stand and testify. His lawyer was trying to get into your medical records.” Seeing John stiffen, “Relax. Mycroft sealed all your records when you first moved in with Sherlock, so no worries there.”
“There’s nothing you need to worry about.” Sherlock and I say at the same time “There’s nothing ‘up’.”
“Not long, we’re not going to dinner now are we? It’s too early even for early birds.” I joke back.
Seeing as most of B flat is a crime scene, Sherlock and John take Mrs. Hudson up on her offer of the use of her spare bedroom downstairs for the night. Mycroft had offered the use of one of his spare rooms but Sherlock adamantly refused, insisting Mycroft had done enough damage for one night already. John was thankful as he was exhausted and it was all he could do to limp his way down the 17 stairs.
“Thank you Doctor Watson. Did you suffer any other side-effects from the attack?” Daggett
“John?” Sherlock asks concerned.
“No, Rosie’s room.” John sees the protest starting. “She’s at Molly’s for the night, my old bed is still up there. We can loan you pyjamas and I keep extra toothbrushes on hand.” Patting Sherlock on the knee. “Never know when one will be used in an experiment.”
To her credit she shrugs and leaves to return with a lidded plastic cup and a gown for him to change into. “The bathroom is over there.” She says pointing across the way.
I make a fist with my left hand on the table and release it a couple times, “Yeah. The ring and pinkie finger are a bit numb and there is a tingling in the palm unless I make a loose fist. More irritating than anything else, I can ignore it most of the time. Bit lucky, it could have been a lot worse.”
I run my hands down his thighs and pull them up, almost bending him in half. I lick the tip of his cock then pull the tip in and suck.
He sits next to her and gets her to look him in the eye. “When I talked to you a couple hours ago you were sober, you promised me you would stay that way. I told you this was an important night for your little brother. Why did you feel you needed to show up drunk?” he interrogates her quietly.
Sorry for the delay, fires in the area are/were distracting.
“Yeah!”
Later that afternoon, I was just finishing mixing up a batch of scones when Kevin’s suburban drove up. From the kitchen window we saw him disembark and gape at the pile of split wood siting out in front of the house, neither of us mentioned we had been working on the pile whenever he checked in.
Angry again, “That slimy bastard! I have until the second of the month to pay rent. He’s been trying to get rid of me since I moved in. I keep insisting he fix the boiler and do something about the rampant mould growing everywhere.” Taking a calming breath before looking Sherlock in the eyes, “I owe you so much already. Why me?” John asks confused.
John nods and smiles back, “Sentiment.”
I massage shampoo into Sherlock’s scalp as he does the same to me. We wash each another, massaging, teasing. Lingering touches in sensitive areas. We start kissing while rinsing. The kisses grow heavier, hotter and more passionate as we grope one another. When the water starts to cool, I turn it off and reluctantly pull away from Sherlock to grab a towel.
Rising an eyebrow, John replies low, “I would if I knew what anything was, I can’t read a thing.”
He smiles back at me. “I know John, you are not an idiot. The crop doesn’t need to be used all the time.” Sherlock reaches into the box and pulls out a paddle from the bottom. “I also enjoy being spanked.” He murmurs at me.
“Yeah, we’re, um, ah…, through for now. If we have any further questions one of us will call.” Greg hesitates. “You two alright?”
I’m careful to keep my left arm still as I sit. Can’t help but feel a bit aroused and nervous all at once. I completely trust Sherlock, but I’ve never let anyone else shave me while conscious before. Sherlock wets down a flannel with hot water, wrings it out then places it over my whiskers. Hot but it feels good so far. “Leave that on for a bit, it will soften the whiskers sir.”
“John, are you injured?” Mrs. Hudson asks as she follows me and sits on the couch.
Kevin led us to the Sportsman’s Warehouse just up the frontage road from Costco. We ended up purchasing canteens and ear protection muffs in a youth size. We found a few other necessities as well. Kevin won’t let us purchase ammunition, says he has more than he needs but he picked up a few assorted boxes anyway.
“Good John! Now be quiet, let me think!” He jumps up and starts to pace around the table. I sit down in his abandoned chair to get a better look at the photos to see if I can spot something else that may prove helpful. I can see Kevin is following Sherlock circling the two of us over and over, avoiding Rosie as she aimlessly crawls about.
From the door a tall, slim, silver haired man, wearing blue scrubs, answers. “Not unbelievable son. I was upset you got away from me years ago, would love to be able to get my hands on you now.” Doctor Murray walks over, “Glad to see you’re finally awake Doctor Watson, you had me worried for a few days.” John and he shake hands.
I admit defeat, I am tired of dealing with her being drunk and really don’t want her driving anymore tonight. “Yeah, hate to admit it Greg but it probably would be for the best.”
8.	Tubbs Fire (Napa & Sonoma Co)
Smiling John repeats the gesture, “To the good old days, may we have many more.”
“I scanned John's prints. I also sent off a copy to your brother. Mycroft replied he will have his people look into John’s records. According to the NSY Database he is John Doe 6-5-1854, thief extraordinaire. He’s been arrested twice before for burglary. He was shot a couple years ago while brandishing a knife, he stabbed an officer while trying to escape and is suspected of burgling several other residences. Odd thing is, the record covers multiple years but is only a few weeks old.” Turning the laptop around, “Look for yourself.” Flipping open the file folder from the auction house again.
A small young boy with blue eyes and dark curly hair is sitting at the table eating his breakfast. “Mummy?”
When alone, Sherlock strikes up conversation again. “I, ah, meant to tell you earlier… Mike found something on your lower back John.”
Startled, John quickly spins around, holding out a rubber spatula, with bits of dough dripping from it, as a weapon. “Oh, it’s you… I was just mixing up a batch of biscuits.” John relaxes. “I don’t dance…”
“Those people don’t matter. The only ones who really matter are those here in this room right now.” Bouncing Rosie again.
They’d had a case through NSY that had kept them busy all week, so busy that Sherlock’s parents came and picked Rosie up to take back to Holmes Manor a few days prior as Mrs. Hudson was out of town and Molly had to go to work herself. Well, one of Mycroft’s people drove Sherlock’s parents up and back home along with the presents from under the tree at 221B. Violet and Siger were overjoyed and taking their role as Rosie’s grandparents very seriously. They had mentioned baking Christmas cookies with the seven year old girl before they were driven away.
Sherlock just hums in acknowledgement while examining the curtains and the windows behind them. “Lestrade, they broke the window to gain access to the house, there is blood on some of the glass.”
“Ta. I’ll be ready in a few.” As I walk down the hall to Sherlock’s and my room.
“He was a right bastard!” Drugs or no drugs I need a drink. I rise and bring back a bottle of cognac and two tumblers. I pour myself a finger and raise an eyebrow at Sherlock, he shows me two fingers. I hand his glass over and take a sip of mine, the slow burn feels good.
“John…”
Always faithfully yours,
Sherlock half smiles, “Mycroft is seven years older than I. According to him, Mummy told him he had to watch over me the day she and Father brought me home. I do remember there was a time I used to adore my big brother. I listened in when he had piano lessons, I would run up to the attic where we had an old upright and replay everything Mycroft’s teacher showed him. I would take his old school books and read them. Everyone thought I was just pretending to read, but I comprehended everything. When I started asking relevant questions Mycroft started teaching me more advanced subjects.
“Whatever you are having is fine.” John responds as Sherlock counters, “He prefers beer or scotch, neat.”
Sherlock looks over, “Thank you Mycroft” he says softly.
Turning to face Sherlock, “You shouldn’t have hidden this from me.” Stepping closer.
“Okay... How about dishes? You’ve run experiments on most of what is in the flat now.”
“I want to come home to a clean bed alright? I expect an ‘eloquent’ layer of dust over the entire flat by the time we come back.”
Sherlock, in his trousers and a white button down shirt, moves the other chair next to John. Lowers the bed table to an appropriate level, opening the take out boxes Mycroft left. The blinds are partially open allowing a little bit of rare winter sunlight in, the room lights are off. They enjoy breakfast in companionable silence.
Sherlock and I clean up the mess from breakfast. We are repacking Rosie’s nappy bag, adding a few extra essentials for a long day when Kevin comes back in the house. He wanders into the pantry and back, having grabbed a small cooler. He opens the refrigerator and grabs a few cold beers, a couple sodas and some deli meat. Before closing the lid he adds apples and a handful of paper napkins.
Following John into the kitchen, “It’s nothing I haven’t seen before dear. Sit, I’ll just go grab something for you to wear from the bedroom.” Flipping on the lights, she notices the mess when she enters the bedroom, bedside tables overturned, and slashed sheets with what looks like hole sliced into the mattress below. No problem, they can flip it tonight or use the other bedroom upstairs or even the spare bedroom she has downstairs. She grabs what she came in for before heading back down the hall.
He kneels at my feet and holds up the box for me to take. “Strip boy” I walk to the kitchen. I take the crop out of the sink and slap it onto the table. Then fill the kettle and turn it on and wash what was in the box. I lean against the counter trying to calm down more as I wait for the kettle. I run one of the calming exercises Ella recommended until the kettle clicks off. Feeling better, or at least calmer, I prepare myself a cup of tea.
“Why? Have I done something?” John stops behind his red chair.
“John, it’s too soon.” He moans as he takes the body wash away to bathe me.
I can tell from the look he gives me I’m right. I must have paled as he looks concerned.
“Dead body at a house burglary. The robbers were brutal with the body according to Greg. He thinks it is similar to a case in Dover last week. We will meet him at the crime scene then go to the Yard to go over the other file, Dover police are faxing it over.”
Elsewhere (in the same building), Sherlock has his own problems. He awakens handcuffed, naked, to a chair, an Omega with a sickly, mouldy scent is staring at him.
Mrs. Hudson takes over caring for a now screaming at the top of her lungs Rosie.
Mike comes in a bit closer, “He looks a bit flushed, I’ll have a nurse take his temperature just in case.”
“Be reasonable Sherlock…” John implores.
Sherlock insisted on putting Rosie to bed by himself tonight. I got myself ready for bed and waited in our bedroom, stripped, and laying on the bed. I’m afraid I fell asleep. I was awoken from an erotic dream to find I wasn’t dreaming after all. There is a naked, Consulting Detective straddling me, aligning our hard cocks, rocking back and forth. As I watch, he takes us both in hand, fingers long enough to wrap comfortably around us both. Sherlock is undulating his sexy body with wanton abandon. I reach down my hand to lay over his. “You are so beautiful.”
Sherlock looks at her closer, “Hmm, rash. Looks like she has syphilis, she’s a good one to get off of the streets. Hopefully her new Master has her health checked out before indulging.” She’s walked off to the side, sold for £650.00 to a squat heavyset man greatly resembling a walrus in looks and bearing.
“So, you have access to other guns then?” Burton asks.
Giving Sherlock a quick kiss on the lips “Sounds perfect love” John whispers in Sherlock’s ear before sitting next to him on the couch, thighs and shoulders touching, taking the offered cup of tea. Taking a sip “Perfect, thank you.”
“Yeah. In a full dress uniform, complete with ceremonial sword. It must have cost a small fortune, I think it has real gold for buttons…” Looking at his husband, “Can you come to the clinic with me tomorrow to sort out who’s doing this?”
“No. I have some Hydrocodone thanks, just waiting for it to kick in at the mo.” I reply, while forcing a smile towards her. I place the ice back and lean gently into it and close my eyes.
“Ready when you are.”
“It’s nice... Is it wearing army fatigues?”
While helping John limp down the hallway toward the kitchen, “Mycroft will tell you he holds a minor position in the British government, but he is in truth the British government when he is not too busy being British Secret Service or working freelance for the CIA.” Rounding the corner into the kitchen, “Ah, Mrs. Hudson meet Doctor John Watson.”
Rosie is delighted with her room downstairs, we’ll finish redecorating it the next time Molly takes her for a weekend. She and Sherlock are in the lounge reading Treasure Island. She is happily gurgling listening to Sherlock read.
“Don’t bother” John whispers from the bed, “Try not to wake Sherlock” peaking his left eye open.
“We figured we would take them to the other end of the ranch and set them free before we leave.” I divulge.
The jewellery store we end up at looks just as expensive as the Saville Row tailor. Sherlock must see my hesitation. “Don’t worry John, they owe me a favour” as he hits a buzzer for them to open the door.
John relaxes a bit seeing the badges. “I’m John Watson-Homes” motions toward Sherlock at his back “My husband Sherlock” looking down at Rosie on his hip “and this is our daughter Rosie. Let’s get inside.”
“John is my husband, this is our daughter.” The CCTV camera in the corner is watching us. Before the end of my statement the fax behind the nurses’ station jumps to life again.
A bit surprised Greg replies, “Sorry, what?” Bouncing Rosie on his hip.
“If you see a coyote or mountain lion disturbing the livestock you can shoot them as well. Do let me know if you get a lion though, officially they are an endangered species and I have to report the kill. I must have at least twenty different ones on my game cameras though.”
“Sherlock proposed not long after lunch. Dammit! Mycroft has the flat bugged again!” Rosie’s giggling stops as I exclaim again. I force myself to calm down as Greg quickly takes her from me.
I’m feeding Rosie her lunch in the kitchen, we’re almost done. Mrs. Hudson pats Rosie’s curls and sits to watch me feed her.
Around the corner from that sign is a broken sign for ‘gers Lookout’. Kevin directs us to stop there but stay in the jeep. He hands Sherlock and I binoculars procured from a pack in the back. He then points out a small herd of horses “The horses are in what the previous owners called the ‘open ground’. They are friendly and I do have saddles and bridals if you want to ride. The sheep in the closer field are in the ‘horse pasture’. I did end up rolling up the fencing I found between the two areas as most of the posts were missing.”
1 can room-temperature beer
“I, I don’t know but I would like to find out and prevent another occurrence!” John’s hands are still shaking as they are curled around his mug of tea.
“I told you I wanted to get you a couple outfits and I meant for them to be from the skin out. Now stop complaining, you’ll just love the feel of the silk pants and cashmere socks against your skin.”
“The zipper in yours popped open on the last trip we took for a case, you obviously need a new one.”
“Mmm, I have a standing physiotherapy session tomorrow late-morning. I can pick up Rosie after.” I mumble back.
“What’s with all the cleaning John? I didn’t think the place was that bad?” Sherlock wonders walking into our bedroom.
The blond man walks into the room at the rehab facility. He’s not looking where he’s going as he is paying attention to where he is putting the tip of his cane while balancing a pink bakery box. “Hi Harry, sorry it’s been so long but…” looking up, “You’re not Harry!”
A black sedan pulls up in front of 221 at 9am, Mycroft comes up the stairs. “Greetings brother mine, John.” He crouches down to where Rosie and I are playing on the floor. “How is Miss Rosamond today?” as he pats Rosie’s curls. She just gurgles in reply and attempts to drool on his shoe. “I brought a copy of the vows you selected.” Mycroft hands me a card. “You can either memorize it, or read it tomorrow, I’ll leave that up to you. I have another, so keep that one.”
“Right piece of work that one.” Greg says as he grabs his now cold coffee for a sip as he sits back down. His grimace makes everyone laugh. “What?” he asks in confusion.
“I drew the blood for the paternity test myself. She’s mine. After all the lies… How could I not doubt?”
Under his breath John mumbles, “Oh she does.”
“What do you think brought it on?” Sherlock asks gently.
I had help at Christmas, more than I realized at the time.
Putting down the axe I go join Sherlock sitting on the deck, taking the cup from his hand. “Ta love.” I kiss his cheek and take a swallow, emptying half the glass. “Guess I was thirstier than I thought.”
“Looked like four when I sat down” still rubbing his thigh, just above the knee.
4.	Kink (Medical or Military)
“Turns out Norberry, the woman who shot Mary, alerted the terrorists of the impending raid. She had been selling state secrets and the only person who knew was a hostage. Mary’s team was to be killed along with the hostages they were supposed to be freeing.”
The church is small and packed with familiar and even more unfamiliar faces. Standing at the altar with his best man beside him, he watches as his fiancée walks toward him in step with the echoing, blaring music. The overly loud wedding march is giving him a headache, well making the headache he has feel worse. He still feels as though he needs to throw up.
Mrs. Hudson interrupts, “Your brother and that nice inspector are working, and you have other things to consider.” Glancing meaningfully at John. “Which reminds me, Dr. Stamford dropped off a couple of bottles with me for you dear.” Pulling the prescription bottles, one each containing antibiotics and a pain reliever, out of a pocket in her flowered jumper, leaving them on the table next to John before turning back to the steaming pot on the hob.
“I like the door here better.” Mrs. Hudson says as she walks through. “Incorporates both floors of your flat together better this way.” She thanks me as I take the tray from her and walk up the last steps.
Sherlock lifts his head and kisses me on the lips “You were right John, we should have these conversations when we’re both awake.” He chuckles “I’ll tell you whatever you want to know. I wouldn’t want to be with anyone else either so you’re stuck with me as well. We should try to get some sleep now.”
We have fitted out most of our house in Sussex through Costco. Sherlock went with me the other day to pick up nappies. We spent most the trip sitting on various couches and chairs to find the ones we both liked. We ended up finding a leather sleeper sofa with a chaise and a couple of reclining side chairs. Sherlock noted the appliances, so we picked out new ones for the kitchen as well as a washer and dryer. We’re still debating if we want a telly there or not.
“Right, I’ll get the techs to collect that.” A bit pale.
As I’m texting, Sherlock is slowly working his way around the flat, he’s found two mini cameras and a handful of microphones so far. He destroys the cameras outright but I write a note on my phone and show it to him:
“Thanks.” I cup his cheek in my hand and give him a chaste kiss. “I’ll be back to inspect your work in an hour then.”
“Pleasure to officially meet you Mr. Holmes.” Shaking his hand, “I’ve heard a lot about you over the years. Hope you can help me to convince Doctor Watson here to take the position. I could use a man of his talents on board.”
Inside the store isn’t much quieter. Seems like the manager of this store loves the Christmas season, all the employees are wearing head bands. Most have antlers, others elf ears, one even with a Menorah – all have at least one jingle bell attached. There is even a display selling the same and similar head gear at a discounted price near the registers.
I smile “That I can do.” I walk in and grab a clean, empty, lidded jar, brace it against my body and open it. So far so good. I place it on the table so I can still keep an eye on Rosie in the lounge. Sherlock was using the olive oil and places it on the table next to me. I grab balsamic vinegar bottle and a few herbs and spices. Sherlock starts to wash the greens for the salad behind me. I gently bump his butt with mine on purpose “You’ve been a very good boy today” I say softly.
“Fine. But no antlers!”
Behind me I hear Rosie chanting, “Jes’s, jes’s, jes’s, jes’s” while clapping and giggling.
“I thought you’d want me to go back to my room to sleep.”
John hands Sherlock the check over his shoulder and opens the papers. It lists, in detail, all of the items that were left at the townhouse and the price for each. There is also a list of several account numbers from banks from around the globe. John looks at Mycroft a bit confused.
“John.” I notice he jumps, I must have been too quiet again. “What are you doing?” John gives me a look, that says isn’t it obvious what he’s doing. I interrupt his attempt to reply, “I know you’re baking, but what is that… thing?” I do a wavy point to his left hand at what looks like a grip exerciser with a bowl attached.
That’s all the details I’m able to share as the investigation is ongoing.
“Invalided? What were the extent of your injuries Doctor Watson?”
Molly hands Sherlock the lab results from the murder of Leland Smith then goes over to pull out his body from cold storage. Sherlock having read them shoves the file at John to examine.
Kevin picked up his new rugs and several bags of dog food. He also selected some chicken, what looks like a side of beef and a few bags of assorted greens. His promised champagne turned out to be a bottle Dom Perignon.
“John, I can help you but you are in no shape to do so on your own.” The nurse looks at me strangely I tell her “Get a sample jar, he would rather pee in a cup than have the catheter. I can assist him if need be.”
We stop at the east end of the property where it butts up to the redwood preserve. The view has us looking down into a steep valley between the two ranches.
Sherlock gets a sheepish look on his face “I said I was sorry about that…”
It is dark that night, a new moon, the streetlights barely illuminating the area beneath their poles as the fog is rolling in so thickly. It’s late, almost midnight, the only movement heard is the occasional car on the distant cross streets. The dark-haired man is hidden in the shadows of the entryway with his coat collar turned up, not wanting to be spotted by his quarry. He has kept himself still and other than the occasional red glow from the tip of a burning cigarette from the darkness one would not know he was even lurking about. He’s been watching the house across the street for the past two days, this being the closest he’s dared to be. Merely observing was quickly becoming exceptionally tedious though.
As they go in the main door, walking through the kitchen, John points out, “There is beer and soda in the fridge, glasses for water in the cupboard next to it. Coffee and tea are at the main house, sorry.”
“You’ll have to add some cushions to the hard corners, don’t want her to hurt herself.” She replies
The nurse still in the room is stunned but it is nothing to the look on Doctor Barnes’ face. To his credit the nurse puts down the chart and leaves the room, presumably to collect the pain medication and food. Doctor Barnes comes out of her stunned trance, turns off the light on her way out.
There is another road forking off not far below, there are a few pillars in a pile. “There used to be two cabins down there. The closer is one of the first I took apart, I left the pillars, and figure not much will harm the cement. I may pick them up eventually and pile them up outside the storage garage.”
“John! No swearing in front of the b-a-b-y.” Waving an arm in Rosie’s general direction.
“I love you too. And if you haven’t noticed, I am dating you. I only date one person at a time and I have no plans on going anywhere without you.” I kiss the top of his head.
Greg clinks his champagne glass as he rises. “I guess it’s time to give a speech now but I won’t bore you all and try to solve a murder.” Laughter from those who were at John’s last wedding; a pout from Sherlock. “For those of you who don't know me, my name is Greg and I'm here to say a few words. When John asked me to be his best man, stories and superlatives starting flooding into my head. I saw this as an opportunity to talk about a hero of mine; a handsome, kind-hearted, quite brilliant man admired by all who encounter him. But when I showed the speech to a co-worker, she tore it up and told me the idea of a best man speech was to focus on the groom, not myself.” More laughter.
“We can ship whatever you want along with the boots. I figured I’d ship most of the clothes Rosie and I will need in California. I’ll need room in her bag for nappies and formula during travel. Babies need a LOT of stuff to keep them clean and happy… I’m not looking forward to being on a plane with her. What if she doesn’t like the airplane and cries the whole time? I don’t want to be ‘that’ parent on the plane.” I sigh, didn’t think of that when I started.
From the kitchen a rich baritone growls out, “I’ll be fine Lestrade.” Easing his tone as he continues at the raised eyebrow from John, “I can resist temptation and John is around to keep me in line. I promised him I would stay clean and I will. So, what really brought you here? You’re not on the drugs squad.” As he’s speaking, Sherlock rises and stalks into the lounge to observe Greg.
“Mary Elizabeth Morstan wasn’t her real name, she found it on a gravestone.”
“John… I want” kissing me, hand running up my cock.
“Maybe you could fix up 221C as a laboratory and storage space. You could move your old files down there, free up some space.” Mrs. Hudson mentions while glancing at the cardboard file boxes in the far corner.
Sherlock smirks, “Ah, put your ‘top man’ on it did you? I’m surprised none of the other times John fired his gun resulted in an inquiry back to that case. Didn’t the ballistics match?”
3.	Blindfold
“Yeah Sherlock, it was a gift. We’re having a secret Santa exchange at the clinic. This was left on my desk this morning.”
Sighing, Mrs. Hudson sadly replies, “Her friend Janice told her there is no such thing as Santa Claus.” They hear the door downstairs open, close and John’s familiar tread start up the steps.
Sherlock thinking, “Nothing in particular, what do we have the ingredients for?”
I sigh and collect my thoughts “I got that moniker in the service, you can thank Bill Murry for it. When I was off-duty I would shag anything I could get a leg over, mainly women. The first few were from Africa, America and England – three continents. I got a reputation, rumours flew that helped with subsequent conquests. I truthfully don’t remember the exact number though. I always used a condom, only safe sex.” The more I talk, the tenser Sherlock becomes “Are we still okay?”
John nods, winces then tells Sherlock his address and a short list of what items he’d like along with his wallet. John ends with, “I don’t know how you’ll get in though. I’m not exactly sure where my keys are at the moment.”
5.	Hanging
He was frustrated at only reading ‘I’m fine’ as a text from his best friend. If they were even still friends. Did Sherlock even want him around anymore? John has been feeling rather lonely and confused of late.
“Either is fine with me, they both sound good.” I reply as I nibble another biscuit.
Sherlock says nothing but follows John’s every movement very intently. John can’t help but notice Sherlock’s cock becoming fuller as the exam progresses. As Sherlock becomes more aroused, John finds himself feeling just as hard. John checks Sherlock’s eyes (pupils dilated), ears, nose and throat, skin flushed. “Please stand, turn your head and cough.” John feels Sherlock’s cock fill out further as he cups Sherlock’s scrotum checking for a hernia. John checks everything he can think of before moving on to the prostate exam.
What really surprised Sherlock was the letter from Mrs. Hudson, dated from yesterday. I had only asked Mrs. Hudson to allow me to renovate 221C for Sherlock to use as a laboratory and storage, possibly enhance the laundry area. In the end she suggested that I should purchase Baker Street. I jumped at the chance! I used the money from selling the townhouse and Mary’s old car for a down payment. I still owe a bit, but she’s willing to keep the payments at the amount my half of the rent is at now. The rest of Mary’s money is tied up in investments and a trust account for Rosie. I agreed to let Mrs. Hudson live there as long as she wants, rent free.
I shipped a couple books we can read to Rosie in one of the boxes, I’ll have to see if Sherlock will indulge me tonight. With the way I stormed off, he won’t want to refuse me anything. Dammit, now I feel guilty as well.
“If it is my child…”
John was having a tough enough time trying not to cringe at every wrong note or incorrect line sung by a stage frightened five year old. He’s extremely pleased that Sherlock is supporting his adopted daughter but John is worried, however, the further up toward his ears his husbands’ shoulders keep getting. Heaven knows Sherlock is a bit of a contortionist, but even John is not willing to bet the man can block his hearing by just shrugging his shoulders.
John quickly wipes his hands clean to take the tray, “Thank you Mrs. Hudson, this looks wonderful.”
Agent Kreisler takes over and leads the sheriff and his helper into the shed. There is an exclamation of “Damn. Good shot!” when the bag is opened to reveal the body within.
He reaches out a hand and miraculously comes up with a small bottle of lube. I pull back and ask “Did you stash bottles all over the flat?”
I can’t help but become aroused as Sherlock massages shampoo and then conditioner in my hair.  The intense stare he gives me as he slowly lathers up my body is more than I can handle. I reach up my right hand, cupping the back of Sherlock’s neck to bend his head down for a kiss. Our tongues are rolling over one another as the passion heats up when I forget about my shoulder. I pull back when my shoulder spasms “Oh Fuck!” Desire vanishes, my cock softens.
Sherlock smiles my smile “I love you too John” he breathes back.
Frowning Sherlock verifies, “No needles were found with the bodies?”
Sherlock laughs, then sobers up when he realized they were serious “Recheck your facts! The timeline from fire to fire is enough for a vehicle to travel from location to location. The Cal Fire map clearly shows that much information. There is no way that many wires could have been faulty on the same day in so many locations following that timeline. You are looking for an individual, possibly two. Check the CCTV footage, look for a vehicle that keeps showing up; that will be your arsonist.“ Rattled off, practically in one breath.
The man steps forward, extending his hand to shake, “I am the Holmes family lawyer, Henri Daggett. Dr. Watson, I am a huge fan of your blog. I am here to go over the allegation of assault brought against you by a Mr. Benjamin Wolfe. Do you recall the events on the afternoon and evening of 23rd of February of this year?” Sitting at the opposite end of the couch from John. Greg sits in Sherlock’s chair, Mycroft settles in Johns.
“I’ll need a change of clothes…”
“Thank you John.” With that he placed the box on the coffee table and opened the lid.
“Don’t be an idiot John, you know what a crop is used for. I trust you, or I would never have asked.”
Most of this I realized while I was chained to the bottom of a well, up to my chest in freezing water.
She continues “Yeah, bit of a shocker. My aunt never was one to be able to say ‘no’ to anyone, ever. Uncle Bob had started proceedings for a trust and had asked everyone, friends and family, to watch over my aunt and protect her from Kim’s manipulations. My cousins, Nancy and Carol both, did manage to spend enough time with my aunt just after my uncle passed to determine my aunt wanted to stay in her home and to finish setting up the irrevocable trust my uncle started. They even had the house put in Carols name so it couldn’t be sold without her consent. Since Nancy died, Carol is now listed as trustee, along with her two girls and myself.
“I’m Doctor Angele by the way. I’ll have a nurse get urine and blood samples and see where we are at from there. In the mean-time we’ll start him on something to bring down his fever.” He readjusts the icepacks Kate gave us. “What is your relation to the patient here?” he gives Rosie and me a look down his nose I am more than familiar with.
“Yeah, well it takes two.” John growls back at her. Seeing the shocked looks on Holmes parents faces, he adds. “We used contraception. Sherlock was on suppressants before and I had the morning after pill sent over from the clinic where I work. We took every precaution.”
“Good, that’s good.”
2.	Cock cage
“A snowman! Like Frosty? Will it talk and dance?” Little Rosie excitedly exclaims.
Sherlock snorts while pushing away his own half-eaten plate of food. “Never ask that, it only brings trouble.”
“I don’t mind the washing machine. The dryer hates me though…”
“Self-release isn’t as effective, it doesn’t always work. Besides I did that in the shower already” he huffs “I need you in my life John, nothing will change that.” He starts to pace again, agitated.
John pleased, “Thank you Sherlock, that’s very thoughtful of you. And yes, we still have the joint account. I’m not sure how much is in it, I don’t ever use it.”
His pale grey eyes stare at her, “Again, why did it take him two days to inform me?” he demands.
“Lestrade texted with a case.”
Greg moves over and asks me “What was all the commotion outside?”
Half an hour later, back at Baker Street. “Molly wants to do what?!?” Sherlock exclaims, “Is she insane? Has she lost her mind…”
“As long as we’re there by October 1st either option is fine with me.” I can’t help the smile on my face. A holiday with Sherlock. This could be the best or worst thing we’ve ever done together.
I hand him over the revised lists to look at. “Is there anything you would like to change? We can always revisit them in the future.”
First things first, they start with setting up Rosie’s room so she can sleep in there tonight. John did have the foresight to pack up her bedding and label the container well. Sherlock and John organize Rosie’s room, bumping into one another here and there, smiling and apologizing. In the end John’s old single bed is in one corner with a menagerie of stuffed toys on it. The crib is in the opposite corner near the door, with the changing table under the window; the wardrobe holds extra crib bedding along with her clothes. One of Mary’s thicker rugs on the hardwood floor.
“Nope, the entire school gets together for a final song. Rosie needs to stay for that.” John murmurs in his husbands’ ear. “If you behave, I’ll fellate you every night until Christmas. Deal?”
There is a bowl on the table, a baking sheet next to it half filled with balls of dough. As I stand in the doorway John reaches into the bowl with a spoon, scrapes the sides then moves it over the pan, makes a fist, swick, then another, swack and a dough ball drops onto the sheet.
“Yeah, John didn’t want me to touch him either, said he was nauseous.” Greg adds, rocking Rosie on his hip still.
Dr. John H. Watson
I hail another cab and head over to Bart’s to have a quick talk with Mike. He assured me everything I want can be delivered by the next day, to Mrs. Hudson.
“Explain what?” the man in question replies while taking off his coat and hanging it up.
“Oh Sherlock, your hands are ice cold.”
Folding the top of the box closed he stammered back, “Hmmm? Oh yes, I’m fine. Just… fine.” Before quickly escaping upstairs and locking the door to the flat to look at the package closer.
“Doctor Murray, good to see you again.” John places his free hand on Sherlock’s, “This is my partner Sherlock Holmes.”
“You sacrificed your old scarf to Rosie’s snowman last week. I didn’t want your lovely neck to get chilled.”
“Couple weeks.” Sherlock answers. It finally dawns on me Mycroft must know about Sherlock’s ‘kink’.
“What? Somebody is stealing candy canes, making off with Rudolf? I’m dressed like a bloody elf Sherlock!”
The envelope is addressed to me so I open it. Inside are annulment papers from my marriage to Mary; since she married me under an assumed name it wasn’t technically legal. Next is a marriage license for Sherlock and I, damn he’s good. The British Government went above and beyond with the next item, adoption papers for Sherlock to have dual custody of Rosie with myself. I go into our bedroom where I left my phone on the charger and send a quick text to Mycroft.
“They left me alone in the cell until yesterday… at least I think it was only yesterday. They wanted me to kneel so they could put a collar on me. I insisted on a phone call, I’m a free man, it’s my right. I know how to defend myself, I grabbed the whip after the first strike and broke the guards’ nose. I landed a few other hits before I was finally drugged and subdued. Before everything went black, I felt the whip land again. I was in misery when I woke up later, bastards left me on my back on the floor in my cell with my hands and legs cuffed and linked to that blasted collar around my neck.”
I do a quick count in my head “No, but if everyone comes and you bring a date we will be at 15-17 including the two of us. Would have been more if Harry were sober enough to attend…” I sigh at the end.
“I’d be delighted” as he hands Rosie over and squeezes my arse with both hands. Maybe I’m not so tired after all!
“Afghanistan, started in Helmand then redeployed to Kandahar. I was shipped back to the Northumberland Military Hospital for six weeks before they finally invalided me out.” John looks at Nurse Jessie closer, “I don’t remember seeing you there.”
“I love you too John.”
The woman smiles “Oh yes, I’m Claire McDowell the hospitals head administrator. Let’s see, John Watson, I have your file here somewhere. I just need to take a photo for your identification badge and everything will be complete.” She sorts through a pile and opens a file from the corner of her desk. “Here it is, Doctor John H. Watson. Did you bring your assistant,” reading from the file, “a Mr. Sherlock Holmes in with you today? I can have his ID badge made up as well.” She looks up hopeful.
“J, J, John, Sir?” Sherlock stutters out and stills.
“I volunteered for you to shoot me at Sherrinford. I could not let you shoot your own brother. Course he knew he could not let you shoot me either. I am eternally grateful Eros prevented you from shooting yourself; I could not have survived watching you kill yourself again. I am not thankful for her chaining me in that bloody well with Victor Trevor’s bones though! I am happy you were able figure out how to get me out before I drowned… it was close.
Half turning to the man behind him, Sherlock insists “You aren’t going to set Jim free in a couple weeks as you did the last time are you brother dear?” Before snarling, “This is the second time he has tried to kill someone close to me. He is under the erroneous impression that I am his to use as he so wishes.”
Sherlock is eyeing John closely. “There’s an empty classroom down the hall.” He offers.
“Yeah, um… do you have the papers I asked for prepared yet?” John asks, watching Sherlock watch him.
Sherlock has distracted me enough to not realize Jorge has finished marking and pinning the navy suit. He helps me remove the pieces and helps me put on the grey one.
There is a knocking at the door, Doctor Murray lets himself in. “Looks cozy, sorry for barging in. I brought by a copy of Doctor Watson’s contract. Dr. Quincy offered to let you take over his contract with NSY earlier, just let him know when you feel up to it.” Waving a folder. “I also have an application form for child-care and the hours for the gym.” Walks over bedside. “I’d like you to see one of the physical therapists when you’re feeling better Doctor Watson. I saw your shoulder when you came in, they might be able to help strengthen it. If anyone can it’ll be either Daniel or Kevin. I put their contact information in the file as well.”
Grinning back, “So the whole kitchen then. Did we bring enough boxes?”
The morning of September 28th finds me making tea in the morning. I picked a variety I wanted to try in the shop yesterday on Pier 39. We eat a couple of the day old pastries for breakfast, they are still delicious. Sherlock opens the bag of complimentary Ghirardelli chocolates, they go well with the chocolate croissants. We’ll be driving north and meeting up with Kevin later this morning.
“Code word, what’s the word?”
Doctor Barnes huffs, “Okay”, drawing the word out. She continues her examination and testing reflexes and strength. “Right, I’ll prescribe you something for the pain but I’d like you to stay here a few more days to see if your vision improves.” She writes her assessment on John’s chart. Turns to nurse Keith, “See that Doctor Watson gets something to eat.” Turns to Sherlock and behind him Mycroft, “Visiting hours are over, I’ll have to ask you both to leave.”
Before he can get too far, I call up my inner Captain “Sherlock”. He stops, straitens and takes a step back. Greg looks back and forth between us. “Is that all you need from us Greg?” I ask, motioning Sherlock toward the door. “We have a date in the park planned with Rosie if we’re through.”
“As you wish.”
Kevin comes in with a smiling Rosie “Normal is 98.6 on that thermometer, so yeah, Doc has a fever.” He hands Rosie to Sherlock “I’ll grab the aspirin, that’ll help lower it down. Be right back.” He about turns and marches away.
I kiss him deeply with every word “Brilliant.” Kiss “Extraordinary.” Kiss “Amazing.” Kiss “Astounding.” Kiss “Fantastic.” Kiss “Wonderful” Kiss.
Harry finally speaks up “I, I didn’t know any of this John. I’m so sorry. I should have been there.”
“Hmm.” Is all he’s answered with until, “I’m short £10 do you have any cash on you?”
This is a true story, this is my family unfortunately. I needed to write this to get it out of my system. I can very easily channel Moriarty whenever I think of my second cousin. I grew up with a police officer in the house and watch a lot of crime dramas… I could pull off a murder, and they would never find any evidence of wrong doing or the body for that matter! Sigh. Only a dream; I don’t look good in prison colors - repeat ad nauseam, until calm. Names have been changed to protect the innocent and not so innocent.
Sherlock probes “Did you talk to anyone while on base? Surely there are several who could benefit, if we were in London I could recommend a few of my homeless network.”
Greg answers from the doorway as Sherlock is grabbing bowls from the refrigerator. “Yeah, Sherlock put her down a little while ago.”
I wet a flannel with cold water and surreptitiously check for a fever as I wipe the sweat off of his brow, “Tell me all your symptoms and when they started.” He seems too flushed for just having vomited.
To my surprise he reaches into his coat and sends off a quick text. “All will be done, don’t worry Doctor Watson.” He replies.
“Peanut butter and honey on toast, can’t complain. You made sandwiches as I asked. Good boy.” I take a sip of my tea wondering if I have gone too far calling him a ‘good boy’ as though he were a dog. I notice the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders melts a little, okay, not too far, good.
Lifting her arms up, “Okay Daddy. Hurry Papa, I want to see if my hat is magic!”
Sherlock crawls across the floor and opens the box, he then sits back on his heels. I want to have this conversation on even ground. “Come. Sit here.” I pat the couch next to me. As he sits next to me I pick up the crop. “How do you want this used on you? Do you expect me to draw blood? I don’t want to leave permanent marks, you have enough as it is from your ‘hiatus’.”
The moan Sherlock releases surpasses any John has heard in all of the porn he’s watched, it goes straight to his cock.
He reaches up to bring my mouth to his for a deep kiss “I love you John, goodnight.”
Kevin waves us back to the first garage “Good. Sherlock you can drive. The jeep in this shed is easier to handle, newer than the white one. John and Rosie can take the passenger seat I’ll stand in the back. I took out the backseats on both.” Sherlock and I must both have looks of confusion “With just Diana and I, we only needed the two seats and we could haul more firewood without the seats. They are stored in the attic. I can pull the one for this jeep down and put it back in if you want to use the baby seat.” Kevin waves toward the house.
Sherlock shakes his head no.
“If I need you, can I call you to fill in once in a while? At least until next year?” Desperate, “You’re the best diagnostician we’ve ever had!”
“What, um, sort of arrangement?”
“Trevor liked to hang me upside-down, he enjoyed flogging me in that position.” He murmurs.
“Mycroft bugged the bloody flat again.” I growl at him.
Sherlock gives a quick nod, removes the flannel then lunges to the toilet again to vomit again.
Greg returns early the following morning.
“I know dear. When John came by to tell me he was getting married, I couldn’t believe it was to a woman at first. They were so in love, they had to both be gay!” Mrs H replied.
The kettle was filled and boiled. A pot of tea and slices of banana bread were on the dining table along with three tumblers and a bottle of whiskey. Three men, one with a slightly sore coccyx, are sipping tea, ignoring the food and eyeing the liquor.
Sherlock notices and steps closer to give John a quick kiss for a distraction. As he starts to pull back John cups the back of Sherlock’s neck to keep him there and deepens the kiss.
“Well I remember it up until the time that I was knocked unconscious. I woke up in hospital three days later with stiches on the right side of my head. I’m still feeling the effects of the concussion. I should be the one taking them before a Judge for recompense for the hospital stay and lost wages.” John growls back.
John clears his throat again, “So, you’d want us both? At the same time or?“
The plug in his arse is becoming too irritating. Rolling over, he wiggles to the side of the mattress before reaching down with both hands to remove the offending plastic. Fluid starts dribbling out once the plug is removed. He makes it to the drain in the corner before retching the water he drank before falling asleep.
“I’m so glad I came to my senses too. I have loved Sherlock almost since the day we met, just too much of an idiot to realize it. I am happier now than I’ve ever been.” We step back to the table as the wait staff bring a high chair and place it next to Violets seat. Sherlock and I sit next to Violet leaving the chairs next to Siger free for Mycroft and Greg.
Opening the door with a smile, “Harry! Come in, it’s been too long.”
We spent most of today at the Holmes’ old estate, Musgrave Manor, and the grounds today. Brought back a lot of childhood memories for Sherlock, some bad but most were good. Sherlock wants to go back again when we can spend more time to tell Rosie all about the graveyard with its funny tombstones. Sherlock’s parents added a pretend graveyard to cater to Sherlock’s love of Treasure Island as a child, the names are made up and the dates are off by hundreds of years on some.
“Hmm. We should probably get up.” I mumble back, eyes still closed.
I slowly start to thrust in and out, changing my angle until I find hit his prostate with each plunge. I want this to last and stay at a slow and steady pace building us both up. As I near orgasm I wrap my lubricated hand around his cock and start to pump in time with my thrusts. He is a sweating, moaning, mess beneath me, he is so beautiful.
“Why do we still use this old thing Daddy?”
“No dear, I don’t know who he is. I have seen him here before, though it has been a while... Sherlock was never happy after one of his visits, he would either follow the man or stay in screeching away on his violin.” She eased pyjama bottoms up to John’s thighs while talking. “You’ll need to stand to pull these up and I
Kevin nods “Correct. We’ll hear if you hit them, they’re metal.”
“No, no noose. Tied up so I am hanging from arms and legs, feet off of the floor. Not a favorite, to be used when I have been extremely naughty. We will have to investigate wax, I’ve never tried that.” He takes a large gulp of his drink.
Never thought in a million years I would be able to teach Sherlock Holmes much of anything. Other than how to perform surgery that is; though probably with his brains, he could just wing it and still be successful. And NO Sherlock, that was not my approval to give it a try!
We pick up Mrs. H promptly at half six so we can meander the few minutes to Angelo’s. When we arrive there is a black sedan out front, Sherlock, carrying Rosie, scowls “What is he doing here? I didn’t invite him, did you John?”
John feels the cool metal of the tool touch the back of his shoulder in the center of his scar. The pain that follows knocks the breath out of him. He can’t seem to pull in any air to scream in agony. He would have fallen to his knees if not for the wire holding him firmly upright to the post.
Cupping a hand on Sherlock’s face. “Open your eyes love. (Another negative head shake from Sherlock.) Please? For me.” When John is certain Sherlock is looking him in the eyes and paying attention. “I am not going anywhere without you. I’m yours for as long you will have me. You’ll have to throw me bodily out of this flat before I will leave you, even then I will put up one hell of a fight. I love you, you daft git! I want us to grow old together.” Kisses Sherlock. “Now go to sleep. As much as I want to ravage you right now, my shoulder is aching and I am mindful of your stitches.” By the time John is done with his declaration, Sherlock has the biggest smile John has ever seen on his face.
John Watson, Sherlock Holmes, Mary Morstan, Martha Hudson, Gregory Lestrade, Molly Hooper, OMC, OFC
“You know, I never actually proposed to Mary either, Sherlock’s return interrupted it.”
Happy Father’s Day!
When seated fully I still until Sherlock looks at me and nods. I gently pull back and thrust again, I repeat the process over and over, slow and steady. God he feels so good, so hot, and so tight. I manoeuvre my hips to the side a bit and with my next thrust Sherlock lets out a deep moan, I found his prostate. I stay at this angle, hitting his prostate on every thrust I can as he wraps his legs around me. I’m getting close so I grasp my still somewhat lubricated hand around his cock and pump him with my thrusts.
Sherlock thinks for a moment “Can you make a dressing for the salad with one hand?”
“John you are luminous as always!” He gives me the smile he reserves for only me. It’s beautiful, I relax further.
Looking up at Mrs. Hudson, “Are you alright? He didn’t hurt you, did he?” John anxiously asks.
Three men pale as a growl can be heard behind Sherlock as John’s wolf form easily slips out of the flimsy ropes that had him tied to the chair.
“Is it a murder? Is there a body in another photo?” I curiously ask low.
“How can you possibly know how I feel?” John demands angrily, sitting on the side of the bed glaring daggers at Sherlock.
Calmly Sherlock continues talking, “I did. You are all of similar build, have the same nose and chin. You are blue eyed but your younger brothers both have brown. Your hair colour is the same shade. You also have a similar… (sniffing) smell. Need I go on?” lifting an eyebrow.
Sherlock picks Rosie up, lifting her high enough to put the handmade foil and glitter covered cardboard star on top of the tree.
“Ambulance Sherlock!” John commands calmly from the couch.
Sherlock, wearing another one of John’s old army t-shirts, is sitting on the couch, preparing two cups of tea from the pot on the coffee table. He smiles at John as he comes in. “Dinner should arrive shortly, BBC One seems to be having a Top Gear marathon.”
“Yeah, got it out of my system. Could use some food though, you hungry?” Getting up to go inside. I offer Sherlock a hand up, he takes it. Looking down I notice “You hard?”
“Are you two alright John?” Mrs. H is still a bit concerned.
Several strands of twinkle lights were in an impressive knot on the coffee table awaiting further attention. On the sofa were several boxes filled with shining glass balls and additional garlands in silver, gold and green.
Sherlock strips me of my clothing and the sling. By the time I rinse the toothpaste the shower is running and the temperature is perfect.
Mycroft had been texting and puts his phone away, “Ah, just you and me now John. I have requested a neurologist to stop by to assess you.”
“Um, yeah, I… remember?” A bit confused.
“I know, but Kevin is a miracle worker with shoulders, the man simply does wonders. Daniel is our head therapist, runs the program. Between the two if any improvement can be done, they’ll find a way. I understand you may never be able to perform surgery again, but maybe, just maybe, they can help?”
Before she has a chance to close the door he commands, “Alana, have your intern, the new slave Kevin find Moran. Use his chip to locate him if Moran doesn’t answer his phone. Inform Sebastian I need to see him. I have a feeling I know where his slimy friend Jim disappeared too.”
“Any questions so far?” I shake my head no. Sherlock gives a negative, he is filing the information away. ‘Okay, good. Do either of you drive a stick?” Kevin asks.
“But John…”
Surprised, John looks at Sherlock who won’t meet his gaze. Leaning back, John takes Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Look at me Sherlock.”
Greg is greeted by the view of Sherlock kneeling, shirtless, on the floor, between John’s legs with John’s cock in his mouth. Lestrade had perfect timing to arrive in the doorway just as John’s reclined body arches as he orgasms while moaning Sherlock’s name. Greg is so shocked he can’t move, just watches John, naked, in the throws ecstasy. He can’t help but stare at the heaving, chiselled chest, well-muscled stomach, strong thighs and the look of pure and utter bliss on the Doctors face.
It helps, I slowly calm down. The worried look on Sherlock’s face eases as I continue to breathe along with him. As I come back to myself I notice Jorge has picked up Rosie and is bouncing her on his hip off to the side. I take a few more calming breathes “I’m sorry Sherlock. Everything is going so fast.”
“Headache” opens both eyes to close them again quickly, “double vision, nausea and light sensitive. Call me John.” Whispered, trying not to wake Sherlock.
With a late start, taking the long way and over an hour drive up the coast before heading inland, we arrived back in London just in time for the evening commute. During the drive we didn’t talk about much of anything in particular. Back in London, stuck in traffic, Sherlock opened up a bit.
Sherlock quickly sits up and opens his laptop bringing up google maps. “Where exactly in Mendocino, it’s a large county.”
“Sorry. Any other symptoms?” I ask.
Those who could, acquired households full of slaves reminiscent of old Victorian days of butler down to scullery maid. Others were happy with one or two slaves to toil in and outside of their homes. Even some of the poorer homes owned a slave to cook and clean. Children born of slaves from these homes were often sold at a young age; usually by age eight never knowing what true freedom felt like.
I look at Sherlock, he gives a subtle shake ‘no’ of his head. I reply “Nothing’s up Greg, we’re perfectly fine.”
“Of course Bee.”
In two hours, he will no longer be a free man. No longer a bachelor.
John removes the cuff, placing it on the side table, and grabs an alcohol swab and the needle for the blood draw. Even with extensive evidence of past intravenous drug use, John is able to get a needle into a vein on the first try and extracts four vials of blood for a variety of tests. Putting a plaster over the needle prick when done. “Next I’ll listen to your heart and lungs then check your reflexes.”
The hot water feels good on my sore shoulder, even with the pain meds from the A&E it is hurting. I stay under the flow until it starts to run cool, and I get out and dry myself then wrap the towel around my waist. When I walk into the bedroom I am greeted with a vision. Sherlock, in just his black silk boxers kneeling next to the bed where he has placed a tray. As I enter he prepares a cup of tea and holds it out for me. I walk over to the bed and gently sit so as not to upset the tray and take the offered cup. I look at what he brought up and giggle, I can’t help myself.
Mrs. Hudson wanders back toward her door “I’ll see to everything dears. Don’t let it worry you a bit.” As she closes the door to her flat.
Greg and I both yell at her; me “ENOUGH!” and Greg “DONOVAN!”
“I didn’t find you in time! You weren’t breathing and your bloody heart stopped while I was checking your pulse! I had to perform CPR until the ambulance got there!” Greg practically shouts at Sherlock.
“Yes Doctor. Will this hurt?” Sherlock moves smoothly into position, leaning over the table on his forearms, teasingly wiggling his bum. John spreads Sherlock’s legs a bit wider for better access.
John is sympathetic “Oh Greg, why didn’t you say something. I could have been your wingman on pub nights, I could have helped you get a leg over.” He notices the tea pot Sherlock prepared, just waiting for hot water and flips on the filled kettle. “Why don’t you stay and have dinner with us? Chinese okay?”
“John?”
“Right, good.” I put butter in the hot pan and add the eggs then turn and put bread in the toaster. Breakfast is cooked quickly, by the time I’m finished cooking Rosie is full and Sherlock has cleaned her up. “She makes such a mess with me, what is your secret?” I ask.
Resigned, Lestrade brings out papers, “You know the bloke you punched in the alley before his partner knocked you out?”
Mycroft asks “What does your friend do that he is called away for a month?” raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock answers pointing at his side, “I am fine, John gave me 7 stitches. John has a cracked rib and a strained knee, you know about the shoulder surgery. Sure you don’t want to stay? I was going to order an assortment… should be enough for three.” Looking over at John, “You should take a shower, wash the oil off. I’ll change your bandage after.”
“Happy Christmas John.”
“Maybe later.” Looking around the room, John spots his footlocker under the window with his duffle bag and the cardboard box Sherlock pulled his slippers from. “Did you bring everything from my bedsit?” Carefully sliding his feet into his own slippers.
“I have noticed you squinting a bit at those horrid little mystery novels you insist on reading lately. Didn’t think the font here was that small though… you might want to look into glasses.” Still looking at his menu.
“Yeah, those tights aren’t hiding a thing are they?” John licks his lips checking Sherlock’s arse out. The green tights his husband is wearing show off his backside beautifully, course they didn’t hide much in the front either. John is very happy his top covers him to mid-thigh with Sherlock in that outfit.
Sherlock sighs and leans into John, “I’ve been seeing Ella,” sees the question in John’s face, “yes your therapist. I started seeing to her after Mary was shot to find out how to better help you.” Waves his left hand around. “Not important, Mary did that in her own twisted way. Ella wants me to try hypnosis and urged meditation to bring some of the memories back. Mummy, Father and Mycroft have been telling me stories, some of the pleasant times we had together.
“You are stunning.” I sigh out, I adore it when he blushes.
“Yes. You’ve done perfectly fine the Christmases we’ve spent together. I know you put a few things in my and Rosie’s stockings on Christmas Eve.”
“No, no, not at all…” John starts to answer
“Ah, we’ll check his urine then. Might be kidney infection if it’s been going on for that long.” He adds while reading over John’s file. “Doctor, eh? Surprised he didn’t catch it.” he states.
He knew part of it was stress. He hadn’t seen more than Sherlock’s coat tails as he sailed down the stairs for several weeks now. God knows he’s tried texting to find out what was wrong, only getting an ‘I’m fine’ in reply.
“The FBI were, how can I say this, not forthcoming with their Intelligence. We were alerted when they did an Interpol search for your identifications.”
“Yeah, what sort of trouble could Mister Perfect Doctor John possibly have?” She sneers back.
Sherlock growls low, “I do believe we just located who battered the guards.” As he raises his paddle.
By the time Mrs. Parker contacted us in desperation, she had lost the feathers on over half of her flock of ducks.
“No. No, I, um, like you in that shade of red.” Blushing, “Almost as good as you look in that color of blue.”
Sherlock was in full strop mode. He showered then wrapped himself in a sheet and wandered about the flat. He had not slept for days and he needed to rest but his mind would not shut off. After the second hour of not being able to sleep due to the scratching of the violin I felt sorry for Mrs. Hudson and myself and went to do something about it!
2.	Crop
“It’s not that… I just, um, I miss Rosie. This is the first time we have had to leave her behind for a case out of town…”
Sherlock stops at an opening, down below us to the west is a riverbed. “It’s quite beautiful here, I’m glad we came.” Sherlock is gently massaging my left shoulder while looking.
“Okay, I’m going to check your pupil reaction.” Doctor reaches to the side and picks up a basin. “If you feel like you need to vomit, use this.” As she presses it into John’s hands. Doctor Barnes pulls a penlight out of her pocket and lifts John’s eyelids one at a time flashing the light in. “Right pupil is slow to react. Do you have nausea with only the one eye open?”
I give Mrs H the biggest hug and a peck on her cheek. Sherlock follows with the same.
“I don’t need bespoke…”
The road from Cloverdale to Boonville is winding but we make good progress. We lost sight of Kevin fairly quickly as he’s used to driving the road. In Boonville we take a left into the hills, the closer to Kevin’s the narrower and harsher the condition of the road. The dirt road into his place was a blessing by the time we pulled off the highly neglected county road. Sherlock chuckles while entering the passcode for the gate.
Grill or bake chicken for 1½ to 2 hours or until cooked through.
Donovan stalks off toward her desk, swearing under her breath.
Knocking on the door to Dr. Stamford’s open office door, “Hi Mike, I brought in Sherlock’s samples.”
I march back to Kevin and grab him by his earlobe dragging him down to my eye level. I start to snarl, teeth bared in his face, “You know I can take you down, bum shoulder and all! What the hell do you think you’re doing? I came here to do you a favour and you all you do is badger my husband? We CAN leave!”
John taps Sherlock’s feet further apart, the man had squirmed during the examination and brought his feet closer together. John kisses Sherlock’s lower back while aligning himself with Sherlock’s hole. Both men moan in pleasure when John buries the head of his cock in Sherlock.
John claims Sherlock is his ‘partner’ so the staff won’t drag him off as John is examined.
Sherlock fills and starts the kettle as Lestrade sits at the table and opens the folder containing John’s history the auction house had to provide by law. “Says here he was a thief, shot by the police while trying to elude capture a couple years ago.” Looking up at a frowning Sherlock, “What’s wrong?”
Lestrade allowed himself to be herded down the hall back to the kitchen. “Alright Sherlock, what’s going on?” slightly perturbed.
“He said he was cleaning.” Seeing the dubious expression on Mycroft’s face, John continues. “Yeah, I know, I know. Apparently, Sherlock poured bleach in the toilet then emptied his bladder and didn’t bother to flush. Said he had half the tub scrubbed down before he realized his error, flushed, and then turned on the exhaust fan. By then the chloramine fumes had already started to affect him. He called for an ambulance then me before collapsing downstairs at the front door after unlocking it.”
“I know I want to; you shouldn’t have to do everything.” Bends down to pick up the dirty linens from the floor, “I’ll just go and pop these in the washer.” Giving a surprised but pleased John a quick peck on the cheek. Calling over his shoulder as he walks down the hall, “Mind you’ll have to put them in the dryer, I almost burnt them last time.” John’s laughter follows Sherlock.
Angrily, Seiger Holmes yells out, “Yes you did!”
Lifting an eyebrow at Sherlock in inquiry, John wonders what Mycroft is trying to get them to do now.
Kevin is oblivious or just doesn’t care “Okay. Any who, when you’re ready Three Continents Watson let me know. I’ll be out cleaning the kennel.” He leaves without touching any of the food on his plate.
He turns “I’ll get Rosie dressed for the day, don’t want to stress your shoulder too much. Then we’ll head for the Yard?”
“I know Mummy, things just didn’t work out earlier. We’re hoping to have the ceremony in the next few days and you and Father are invited. I would not have called otherwise. We will have a small ceremony and reception in London.”
“How… bright” mumbled, squinting his left eye open.
“Try and get some sleep, I’ll take care of Rosie.” Sherlock rises, kissing John’s forehead before turning and herding Greg out the door and down the hall, leaving the door ajar.
With a laugh, “Rustle?”
Staring at the car parked out in front of the church John states, “I paid for the damned thing, I’m bloody well using it!” before stalking to the car and sliding into the back seat, leaving the door open. There is enough room for all of them inside the long black limousine.
“Hmm? I thought you were sleeping?” Sherlock turns his head to look at John.
John has a standing appointment for a physiotherapy session, with Kevin, at St. Bart’s. He will pick up Rosie from Molly, via Bart’s child-care, when he’s finished. Sherlock agreed over breakfast to go into NSY with Lestrade to finish filling out his statement for the King case and to go over a few additional cold case files that might be related to them.
Kevin climbs out the back. “While I was sulking up here earlier I put out new targets at 15, 50, and 100-yards. Figure we can start with pistols and work our way out from there.” He reaches in for the soft and solid side cases walking over to a bench under a small roof. Kevin opens the solid case to reveal two pistols. “These are both 45 semi-automatics. I know John shot one in the army and Sherlock said he was proficient.” Kevin looks up hopeful he made the correct decision.
I’ll try to update again but no promises, we are on a ‘sex holiday’ after all! ;)
John wanders over to the sink, his shirt rising up in the back as he reaches to grab a pill bottle off the top shelf, handing it to Sherlock. Lestrade gasps as he sees bruises on John’s exposed lower back. “Paracetamol, you can take two if you want. We’ll change the bandage after you shower, don’t want the stitches to become infected.” Sitting down at the table downing a couple pills himself.
“For the baby John. You have to protect your baby!”
Greg tries to reassure Sherlock, “John is fine, just a few nicks, nothing too deep…”
“What’s interesting?” The older brother wonders, looking through the viewfinder.
“He. I don’t. That never… How long have you known?” Sherlock stammers.
Slowly shaking my head negative and smiling down at my loving husband and our happily playing daughter. “Nope, nothing is wrong. Everything is perfect.” Leaning in for a good morning kiss.
“Yeah” quiet, just standing and letting Sherlock deduce him.
Sherlock noticed the exchange and moves himself between Kevin and myself while making it not look too obvious. He’s looking everywhere, feigning obliviousness, I squeeze his hand as a thank you. We end up going down every aisle, checking out what the store has to offer. Sherlock and I find a few more shirts, denims and wool socks for ourselves and a couple cute outfits for Rosie. The throw blankets were so soft we had to get a couple for ourselves and one each for Mrs. Hudson and Molly. The pharmacy had lube, Sherlock grabbed us several bottles. I collect a few other supplies as I had to leave my medical bag at Baker Street. Our basket was practically full by the time we found the nappies, Sherlock grabbed two large boxes and a case of wipes.
I want to fall asleep at night with you by my side.
Finally looking at John, “French... problem?” Thankfully Sherlock left the ‘obviously’ silent.
“I miss her too y’know, we’ll see her again in a few days in time for Christmas.”
“John seems like such a quiet and calm chap until he or someone he cares about is threatened, then look out! He’s protected Sherlock and myself on a number of occasions, saving both our lives more times than I care to recall. He is not above sacrificing his own wellbeing to protect those around him either.“
Sherlock cringes, hangs up his coat and goes in the kitchen to fill the kettle and turn it on. He is still facing the counter.
John fastens the cuff of the monitor over Sherlock’s left arm. “Just rest your arm on my shoulder sir, relax your arm. Try not to move, breathe normally.” He starts to pump air into the cuff, checking Sherlock’s pulse at the elbow with the stethoscope. “A bit high,” while glancing down at Sherlock’s growing erection “We’ll have to take it again later, just to be certain.”
Greg is thankful he gets to see this side of Sherlock, so gently taking care of John. Giving medication, helping him sit up to drink water, tenderly smoothing his hair back and adjusting a blanket to cover his torso.
“Order whatever you want John. Lunch is on me, anything you want.” Sherlock reassures at his normal tone not looking up from perusing his menu.
Sherlock closes the lid on the toilet and has John sit there while he readies everything, handing John a readied toothbrush while starting the hot water flowing and grabbing a shower cap from the drawer. The toothpaste tastes different from what John is used to, but still familiar, it takes him a moment to realize that it’s Sherlock’s brand. Peeking around he notices his toiletry bag is not in sight. By the time John is ready to rinse, Sherlock has readied the room for them to shower, shaving gear laid out on the counter.
“Yeah, promise I’ll use the old ones from now on. Store them in the airing cupboard… Oh, you might want to grab the tableware while you’re at it too.”
“Why ever not?” Confused.
Sherlock nods at John, “Alright John.” He turns to look closely at Mycroft, “You’ll stay until I finish.” Not a question, but Mycroft answers anyway.
“Don’t be gettin’ all smart wit’ us. We know what you is.” The older looking man of the trio answers. “There’s a reward for you werewolf and we aims ta collect it.”
“I’m off to shower, join me?” Sherlock purrs.
Sherlock takes the map and opens it again. I glance at him “I can teach you how to read it if you want or need me to.” I quietly let him know.
It’s been nearly two weeks since the consulting detective Sherlock Holmes had jumped off the roof of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital. Dr. John Watson is still trying to make sense of all that happened. Sherlock’s funeral was only two days ago but it felt as though years have already passed. Mycroft couldn’t even be bothered to show up for his own brother’s interment. John is still in a state of shock. Mrs. Hudson and Molly Hooper keep bursting into tears every time they see John. It is all John can do not to punch Greg Lestrade whenever he stops by.
“Three days, I was getting worried.”  Stepping back and flipping the light switch off, then closing the blinds on the window, cutting off the light of the setting sun.
“And that would be?” a bit curious.
Before I knew it, our time in New York was over and we, or I should say, I was packing everything for the flight to San Francisco. By the end I wished I had taken Graham the butler up on his offer to help pack. At least Sherlock kept Rosie entertained and did help collect a few wayward things.
Huffs “Yeah, I’m nervous. I’m a wreck. I wasn’t this anxious with Mary…”
A few minutes after I finish the dance with Molly I spot Bill and Sherlock talking quietly at a table in the back. Bill keeps flicking glances my way, Sherlock must be interrogating him about my time in the service. I smile and wave at them, I have nothing to hide.
Sherlock takes Rosie from Mrs. Hudson “That’s a nice small number, not too many you can’t mingle. You’ll need boutonnieres as well?” She replies.
“Yeah, you’re right. Nothing to worry about...” breathe “We can be married by Mycroft, he’d like it, being in charge. The rest of your ideas sound good as well.” I continue to hold him and breathe for a few minutes.
I take pity on him, “Diarrhoea?” I ask low.
Tugging down his top trying to stretch it lower, “This set up is giving all proceeds to charity and someone is taking a bit off the top. Quite a bit as a matter of fact.”
One Hundred and One
He feeds Rosie another drizzle of soup then takes a spoonful for himself. “I know why she’s eating this, it’s much better than the can stuff we usually eat.” He says as he steals one of my croutons.
“Don’t be absurd, the thing is full of dust and the needles are falling off. Besides, you prefer smell and feel of a real tree anyways.”
“Sherlock?”
“And here I thought I was the jealous one.” John giggles.
Miss Rosamond Watson Holmes, age 7, is confused when she hops up the stairs later that afternoon. Usually the door into the lounge from the landing is open when her Uncle Mycroft’s driver drops her home from school. Leaving her book bag on the floor to deal with her homework later, she slowly opens the door and hears music, Dean Martin singing ‘O Christmas Tree’.
The reply is anything but friendly as she sneers “Hello Freak” with a sneer on her face. “What’s with your pet today, going in disguise with the hat and glasses, or just too embarrassed to be seen with you?”
“I don’t remember being tattooed or chipped” Looking at Sherlock, “Why me? I’m nothing special…”
Okay, I can do this. “You know I’ve loved you for a long time, almost since day one. I came back because any life with you would be better than one without you. Even if you didn’t feel the same, it would have been worth it to me.” I can feel his smile growing on my skin. “Not sure what I would have done if you didn’t want me around. Can we sleep go to now love?”
“This area is known as the ‘crane place’, there used to be an old metal and wood crane that was used by loggers in the 40’s and 50’s. I’ve not found evidence of it yet, apparently it rotted away.”
“No body, just a splash of blood on the wall. This is the second place NSY found like this. They ran DNA, blood is human, and no one from either location was injured.” He pulls up a close-up of the bloodstain.
Odd noises can be heard from backstage. A guard whose charge is now in the care of a new master hastens behind the screens. The sound of flesh hitting flesh is heard around the description of the woman on the turning dais.
“You did tell Harry that John was in hospital correct?” Sherlock probes.
John stammers, “N, no…”
“I’ll go” Sherlock offers, kissing the top of John’s head. Disengaging reluctantly from John’s hug, Sherlock takes off his coat and scarf, throws them over the banister before disappearing upstairs.
They are both babbling compliments to each other; so good, just there, so tight, again.
I see Sherlock grinning and frowning at intervals at my lists. Hopefully I am not too disappointing, I have noticed a few ‘things’ through the years.
“The drive down was uneventful Mummy. Nothing to note other than John’s abysmal taste in music.” Sherlock answers.
John cleans the onion, carrots, celery and garlic as Sherlock prepares the food processor on the side table. When done, Sherlock grabs a cutting board and knife. On the main kitchen table, Sherlock starts to roughly chop the vegetables as Johns hands them over, placing them in the body of the food processor as they proceed.
I look Sherlock in the eye, “I don’t think anything will get him away from his estate ever again. James hasn’t stepped foot out of it since…” I really don’t want to keep reminding Sherlock of my wedding to Mary while planning ours.
Mrs. Hudson can be heard coming up the stairs as Sherlock turns to head down the hall to the loo.
I’m smiling as we ride down in the elevator “I was thinking a day for each punch from Carlyle, but I can’t recall the exact number. Behave today and we can readdress it tonight. Let’s go collect Rosie from Molly, yeah?” I squeeze his hand and let go just before the doors open.
He styled his hair.
Mrs. Hudson is a lovely woman, “Don’t you worry your pretty head about it. Trust me, I’ll get something when I pick up the flowers. How many guests again?
I nod back “You’re right, it’s just you’ve been spending a lot on Rosie and I today. I want to pay my fair share.”
At the moment, those two men were lying, cuddled together, on a well-worn leather couch they brought with them from their old flat in London. The taller of the two, who had dark curly hair with flecks of silver, was spooning the shorter. The shorter, hair almost a pure silver with a few flecks of gold, had a contented smile on his face.
It’s a warm day so I change into clean jeans and a button down, I grab a pair of shoes and wander to the lounge to put them on. Greg and Mrs. Hudson are still in the kitchen talking, Rosie sitting in the high chair. “She gets grumpy without her nap, just saying” I pipe up as I walk by.
John being described, standing at attention mid-stage under a spotlight, winces at the last sentence.
John follows Sherlock to his stylist where they are both treated to a manicure, pedicure, a shave and a haircut. John can’t believe how smooth and soft his feet feel. That and the last time he had a shave this close was from Sherlock back in January while he was in hospital. By the time they are done with Sherlock’s stylist, John was hungry, his morning toast and jam a done job.
“Why’s that good mister?”
John “No, let me finish, please…
Sherlock ducked between two buildings before John could turn the corner behind him. In the dark, our two heroes get separated. John quickly realizes no one is in front of him so he backtracks only to find signs of a struggle and of someone being dragged away. He fears it can only be Sherlock. John updates Lestrade on his location and the direction the trail is leading.
“Alright... pots, pans?”
There was a pleasing smell when I woke this morning. Sherlock was not in bed, but the sheets still held some of the warmth from his body heat so he hasn’t been gone too long. Kevin has another small fire burning in the woodstove as I emerge from the guestroom in only my dressing gown and slippers.
The GPS in Sherlock’s phone takes us to our destination without a problem. I see a tall, brown eyed, muscular man wearing denims and a black polo shirt, with grey streaked auburn hair in a crew cut leaning against a pillar out front of Costco. He calls out as we walk up “Hey Doc! Great to see you, you’re looking good.” Kevin gives me a bone crushing hug.
I unroll the map on the hood of the Jeep as Kevin points down toward the west “See the water down there? Basically that’s the western edge of the property, it actually zig-zags back and forth. That neighbour and I get along.” He turns toward the county road, “I own bit on the other side of the county road but I don’t push it with the neighbour there; he’s a bit of an ass.” Do you remember the one-lane bridge on the county road coming in?” We both nod affirmative “That’s the lower edge of the property, I own everything from the creek up, on the left side of the road, coming up the hill.” He turns south “On that end, the property ends at the Maillard Redwood preserve. Apparently it is still operating as a hunting club.”
“Take me home and I’ll give it to you along with a reward. Deal?”
After several hours Lestrade had had enough of pouring over cold case files and needed a break. Sherlock accepted Greg’s offer for a lift back to Baker Street. Sherlock propositioned Lestrade to come in for a cup of tea and a few leftover scones from breakfast to take home.
“Hi. Smells fantastic in here.” To John and Sherlock. “Hey guys, I missed you too.” To the dogs. “Hey rug-rat, look how much you’ve grown!” Picking up Rosie, carrying her around to the kitchen with the dogs bouncing around him.
Sherlock walks into the garage and in just a minute has the jeep backed out and is awaiting further instructions. Kevin climbs in the back using the bumper as a step. I settle Rosie and myself in the passenger seat, holding her against me securely. While holding onto the roll bar, Kevin points across the creek “Follow the road up to the left, I’ll show you where the holding tank is first. Then we’ll head up the hill to the filter in the spring.”
“Sherlock?”
Wasting time, he repacks everything he took out of his overnight bag, adding what he wore yesterday as well.
Thinking, sniffle, “Ah, we hide her with Mycroft with a note in case she asks about us.”
“Not too close, old friend from my dancing days. She was just going on about her first grandchild due in a few months and now she’s gone, she was so excited.” She tearfully replies.
Jessie has finished with the IV and lifted the blankets to get access to the catheter. “I retired to civilian life about 7-years ago. Hold still, I know it’s uncomfortable…” She bags the catheter and the attached collection container. “Is there anything else you need help with Doctor...?” taking off her gloves.
Greg clears his throat, “Um, John? I couldn’t help but notice bruising on your back. Care to explain?” while glaring at Sherlock.
Calmer, “fish, something simple.”
I drop on the bed as Sherlock starts to undress me. I let him, he kisses along my neck as he opens the buttons on my shirt. In my haze I start undoing his buttons, running my hands and mouth over exposed flesh. I’m losing the battle as he works his way lower, kissing and caressing as he goes. Even in my altered state, I feel myself getting hard in my jeans. I feel fingers gently press on my tumescence through the fabric. I cannot help but press into his hand as I moan in pleasure, it feels so good. “Have I been good Sir?” he purrs as he unfastens the fly.
Standing up and rubbing his sore ass Sherlock replies, “I should be asking that of you.”
We have been having some fun with all my free time. I’ve been taking Rosie for a walk every day, Sherlock joins us more often than not. Between the walks and going to the gym, I believe I’ve finally gotten back in shape. Quite frankly, I never thought I’d get into this good of condition ever again after leaving the army. Between the exercise and more home cooked meals I feel healthier than I have in a long time. I know my GP at my latest physical was rather impressed with the improvements. I can’t help but notice Sherlock looks healthier as well.
Sherlock adds “It has been many years since I have handled one as well.” Making a concession he adds “Why don’t you walk us through using these.” Indicating the two propped up.
Stepping to the bed and frantically pulling supplies from his bag Mike answers, “This is John, John Watson. He works with me at Bart’s, he covers the morning shift in the A&E. We went to school together there and meet up for lunch at least once a week since he got back from serving in Afghanistan.”
“No John. Go. Lay down. I’ll get the kettle ready to turn on then come in and give you a massage.”
Last in is his shaving kit. He’ll need quick access to it to place it into the packed bags inside the door of his flat on the other side of town.
Quick laugh, “I was an adrenaline junkie even back then. I played Rugby with a drop-in team during Med School. At one of the games a nursing student mentioned they signed up; the corps would pay for their schooling. My scholarships covered a lot but I still owed quite a lot. Bill Murray took me to the recruiting officer he went through, we both had a year left to finish. Bill and I ended up going through boot-camp together that summer break. The RAMC kept us together when we deployed, we were a good team. He left the army shortly after I was discharged.”
In unison, both Holmes brothers correct her, “Doctor Watson.”
“Yeah. Major Kevin Andrews retired US Marine. Met him in Afghanistan, we became friends.” Sherlock gives me a quick look “Only friends, nothing more” I reassure him. I glance back at Greg.
Sherlock comes with a shout, down my throat, I swallow what I can and lick off the remainder. I stroke myself three more times before coming. I collapse for a few moments using his inner thigh as a pillow before gently rolling him over to untie his wrists. I praise him as I do so, “beautiful, gorgeous boy, so sensitive to my touch” over and over, kissing his inner elbows and wrists as I free him. I remove the soiled pad, tossing it over the end of the bed, I’ll deal with it tomorrow.
This was the first night of their retirement at the home in Sussex having finished their last case for Scotland Yard just the day before. Through the large picture window along the back wall, snowflakes could be seen gently falling, there was not a swirl or breath of a breeze to disturb their leisurely descent. The garden wall, outlined in twinkle lights, was slowing being buried in the gently falling snow. The outline of bee hives could just be made out in the dimming lights.
Halting the cup of tea he was about to take a sip from, John looks at Sherlock with a pleased look upon his face. “Of course Sherlock, whatever you want to know. I have no secrets from you, you’d probably deduce it if I tried to hide anything anyway.” Said with a grin. “I’ll want to know more about you too you know.”
“Yeah, I’ll be fine as long as you are with me. Have Mycroft get us whatever is required to hunt as well then.” Voice back to normal.
“But Sherlock dear, you need to find someone…”
Kevin looks out at the range and turns pink, “Forgot the 20-yard target, hold on and I’ll grab a stand!” He unlocks a gate into the barn stall area and comes out with a metal stand and a piece of cardboard with a target attached. “I have markers at all the yardages, don’t know why I forgot about this one…” He wanders out to a stake in the ground, sliding the metal stand over. The target on the cardboard slip into slots holding the target secure and easy to replace. “Try for that one.” Putting his muffs back in place.
I feed Rosie some of the pureed vegetables, most of the banana I gave her is gone. She makes a face, and takes another spoonful. I continue to feed Rosie as I text. Figure I’ll start with Greg to see if he can free his schedule for tomorrow.
I prowl toward where Kevin is standing, “Do you know what you’ve done?” I snarl at him, he flinches. “You’ve pissed of the kindest, most loyal man I have ever known. How could you have done that to your friend?” I know John doesn’t want me to deduce this idiot, it’s tempting to do so anyway. “You do realize we’ve come from another country to help your sorry arse out? Flown half-way across the planet to do you a favour?”
“Shite” is the first thing John can think of saying as they pass through the doorway, pausing to take it all in. There is a very dead, grimacing man tied to a desk chair with what looks like the tiebacks from the window curtains. It looks as though every bone that can be easily broken had been. Under the chair is an oriental rug with a growing blood stain from the still slowly dripping body seated above. They’ll have to look at the body cleaned up at the morgue to find where all the blood is coming from. The walls and ceilings have castoff blood evidence splattered over them as well.
I look at Sherlock.
“John! We need to leave for Heathrow in less than two hours, what are you doing?” Sherlock, rocking a drowsy Rosie on his hip.
Her Daddy John and Papa Sherlock are putting up what looks like the twentieth strand of twinkle lights around the room and on a large tree!
Seeing the look on his face she wondered, “Are you alright John dear?”
“I’m sure Greg would appreciate it. Maybe we can hook him up with Molly, they’re both single.” I add.
“They’re paying me a retainer that is as much as I can make here working full-time. I figure I could use some free time to relax and spend quality time with my daughter. Thought I might sit in on a few of Doctor Quincy’s classes too.” Thoughtful.
Before she can answer he unfurls one fist and shoves it palm up into her face, “My grandmothers’ ring. I want it back. You don’t deserve it.” He barks out in command.
I may just have to make today an annual celebration as Sherlock come back with edible food including milk! At the moment Sherlock is in the kitchen preparing dinner, I didn’t know he had it in him. “I didn’t know you knew how to cook” as I lean against the kitchen door “What are we having?”
“I want Rosie to have good memories of Christmas. She’s old enough this year to remember. Please, for her if not for me.”
“Just the one, these are for your schools bake sale tomorrow.”
Another dweller in the household was stretched out on a rug in front of the fire soaking up as much of the warmth his little body would allow. The puppy, an Irish Setter wearing a red bow as a collar, was literally dog-tired from a long day of playing around in the snow with two men with silver in their hair.
“And just how do I look at you John?” Exasperated.
I give her a half hug and a kiss on the cheek “We’re off to find disposable cameras for tomorrow. Everyone will be our photographers. There are a couple other items I need to pick up for the trip as well. Too much to do at once.” As I put Rosie into her pram, the shops I need are within walking distance.
John sings along to the tune playing in the background while adding a log to the fire, “Chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Jack Frost nipping at your nose. Yuletide carols being sung by a fire and folks dressed up like eskimos…”
“Yeah, you were hit across the head by a board. Do you remember anything?” concerned, “You have stitches, careful.” As John’s hand touches the bandage wrapped around his head.
I hop in, lean over and kiss Sherlock with all the love that I feel for him. Must have worked, he’s a bit stunned as I retrieve Rosie from him. I smile “I love you, you know that right?”
“Thank you, John. I have a spare room if you wish to use it for the night while your flat is aired out.”
To his credit Greg pinks “John…”
Sherlock scoots closer so he can touch John’s arm, “See? He’s okay John.” In a low reassuring tone.
Sherlock quietly “I always come back for you John, I only want to see you safe and happy.”
Dinner consisting of spaghetti with a tomato based meat sauce, a green salad and homemade bread for five adults and a toddler, was consumed and cleaned up. Rosie was bathed and put to bed, a safety gate keeping the two dogs out of her room so they won’t wake her. The dogs themselves were laying outside of Rosie’s room, watching the new strangers wandering in and out of their house, Odin growling when one came too near.
“Yes, I’m surprised Mycroft’s men missed it… Best double check the other corner as well, there might be a sword. I’m not exactly sure where that ended up actually…”
Beer Can Chicken
He points up the slope across from the garage. “The solar panels don’t need any maintenance unless a lot of leaves fall on them and stick. Most of the time they just blow off again but it is fall and leaves are starting to come down in earnest. They stick more when it’s damp. Just something to keep in mind if it’s foggy or raining. The storage batteries are in the other garage.” He shows us where the solar power is stored next to a white jeep.
Sherlock blushes, “John…“
“We’ve all gotten along very well until my uncle died a little over three years ago now. Kim started to spend more time with her grandmother, which normally is a good thing. Main problem is Kim chases away everyone else as she is even more demanding than her mother ever thought of being. Even resorting to telling lies to her grandmother about everyone.
I look around, hearing the sound of an engine in the distance behind me. I’m almost to the top of the ridge, damn. I keep walking, feeling somewhat better finally.
Just as Sherlock is about to answer, they hear Mrs. Hudson knock on the door to the flat and call out. “Woo hoo boys. I brought up some tea and warm scones.”
15th July
When the flat lost what little light the cloud covered sunlight brought, John puts his book down and lights a few candles on the mantle. He then wraps his arms around Sherlock, stepping close behind him to gently share warmth. Sherlock brings his hands up to cover Johns on his stomach, leaning back into the embrace.
“If you behave, you can dress me like a living ken doll if you want. But, I have final say on what gets thrown out. My Mum gave me a few things and they remind me of her.” Sherlock scowls “Sentiment.” I add. He nods.
Nodding the sheriff looks around “Where’s the body?”
“You” he sighs
Sherlock flies the filled spoon around in circles to get Rosie to open her mouth then plunges it in. He’s smiling while doing so. “I haven’t used if for any experiments, so yeah. Should be in the wall cabinet in the loo down here.” At me, then towards Rosie “Such a good girl Bee, eat up.”
I show him the white cloudy formations in both of our fingernails, “We’ve both been exposed, I don’t use sugar in my tea or coffee.” Trying to think, we’ve had mostly take-out the last few weeks due to a series of cases.
I can already tell this is going to be a long day…
Kissing Sherlock on the cheek, “Good idea love.”
“I did call for a nurse, but if they don’t get here soon, I’ll walk you through it.” A bit impatient.
Frowning, still bobbing an ever drowsier Rosie in his arms. “Did I hear the vacuum while we were downstairs? It will all be dusty again by the time we return in a month, I don’t know why you’re bothering.”
Out the corner of his eye, he notices she is behaving off today, nervous, hesitant. Odd.
He nods while taking Rosie from me. “I’ll be watching, I know when you are in pain.” Looking me in the eye, reminding me. I nod back in acknowledgment.
Lestrade’s gym clothes are swimming on John, making him look small and frail. Thankfully the sweatpants legs have elastic at the bottom and a tie at the waist to keep them up. John hissed as the shirt was eased over the sores on his back. They don’t have shoes, but that can be remedied later. Sherlock helps guide a limping, sock footed John out to Lestrade’s car. Sherlock sits in the back with John as the man hissed in pain again as he carefully sat down. After fastening John’s as well as his own seatbelts he places the biscuits in John’s right hand. “Here, you look as though you haven’t eaten much for a few days.” Then unfastens the leather collar arounds John’s neck, throwing it onto the front passenger seat with a look of disgust.
“Yeah, she’s four years older than me. We never really did get along, I always ‘cramped her style’ she used to say.” Cough, “I think it really began when she started drinking the summer I turned 8, she filched a bottle of Dads Scotch. Dad was livid, accused me of taking it. Wasn’t until he found the almost empty bottle hidden under her mattress, with her lip gloss on the rim that he believed me, meanwhile I couldn’t sit comfortably for over a week.” John growled the last.
There’s a quiet “Yes sir” behind me.
“It might be interesting to go, could do with a change of pace. We could use a holiday, do us both some good to get away and unwind.” I can’t believe I just heard Sherlock Holmes utter that statement. It must show on my face. “What? I can’t take a holiday?” he asks incredulously.
John leans in to kiss Sherlock before pulling back, cupping a hand on Rosie’s head affectionately. “I need to put the shopping away.” Picking up the bags by the door and walking to the kitchen, John calls over his shoulder. “How do you want to get to your parents’ house?”
“I love you too” murmured into Sherlock’s chest. I hug him tight and fall asleep.
Why does he feel as though he is about to throw up? Again.
“I’ve been thinking a lot about this since I moved back here. I, um” cough “I’m not sure if this is something you would want. I, uh.” I can’t look at him, I know he’s staring at me from the corner of my eye though.
“Amusing. Something is wrong Watson… I can’t figure it out…”
My laptop ‘dings’ a new message before Mrs. Hudson can get the tea ready. Kevin must sleep less than Sherlock. “Kevin gave us an address in Boonville we can ship to. Says he’ll, and I quote, hit the stores and send pics of the pantry after, unquote. Oh, he wants me to inform you he has equipment for a small lab you are more than welcome to use.”
I meant to have this finished earlier but life events have been distracting of late. I live in N California, USA, near the fires; had friends lose their homes. We’re housing dogs for evacuated and burned-out friends. Thought we lost the one friend for almost 2 weeks before we finally located her safe-and-sound. Bit of a stressed out mad house around here lately.
“That’s fine John, we can cross it off and add something else. I would like to avoid inversion as well.”
Sherlock kisses the top of Rosie’s head, “I’m sure as a teenager we will all enjoy her having her own bathroom.”
I blush “Ah, that I did, didn’t I? I wonder how fast Mycroft can expedite a marriage license for us? We could use the trip as our honeymoon.” I grin back at him. Rosie is half way done with her bottle.
“Hmmm. Good crunch, lovely gingery flavour. I approve. Did you two pick a house style yet?” looking at the cut pieces laying on the kitchen table, trying to figure it out.
“Yeah, ok, this one is listed as ‘garage 1’.” He clicks on the file and it shows a dimly lit garage with a gravel floor. Along the back wall is a line of shelves with neatly labelled plastic storage boxes. To the left of the door is a generator on a cement slab.
“I will always want you John” Sherlock affirms.
Sherlock looks up from counting, “I had to pay the taxi. I did have another £20 in my wallet, but I ended up handing it over for the ride here. If you had just waited for me instead of sneaking off…” He pouts.
When Greg returns he finds a freshly showered and shaved Sherlock, dressed in slacks and a white button down shirt, sleeves rolled up, in the kitchen pouring flour into a food processor. “Experiment?” he inquires while handing Sherlock his cup of coffee.
Sherlock lightly brushes the hair away from John’s stiches without waking him. They are red and a bit puffy. “Mike, his stiches...” alarmed.
Sherlock is at my side. “You promised you would not show up drunk Harry!” he hisses furiously at her.
It takes me only a quick glance to notice. I’m not sure how well versed at reading topographic maps Sherlock is. I give Sherlock another minute before I point out the error “Isn’t the county road on the other side of this mountain?” Sherlock looks at me in admiration, I was able to surprise him again.
Lestrade enters the conversation again, “Molly has the latest two victims at Bart’s. They were found together, lifetime friends apparently. Shades of the killer cabbie case too, the bodies were found somewhere they’ve never been known to go to before. Neither man had the tell-tale marks of a habitual user. We didn’t find any needles or any other drug paraphernalia at the scene, their homes or where they worked.”
Suppressing a shudder while glancing down at his knee and back up to look Sherlock in the eye. Hopeful, “Anyone I might know?” low, almost a whisper.
These days, one had to carry identification with you to prove you were free, especially after dark. The new curfew laws were meant to discourage the widespread crime still running rampant in the British Empire. Slaves were required to do all of the errands for their owners between the hours of sunrise through sunset.
“How could I stay with her when I loved him more? I wouldn’t trade Rosie for anything in the world, but while she was gestating I resented her existence. I couldn’t abandon my kid like that!
My mind is a blank. Think dammit, you’re clever. Sherlock doesn’t think you’re that big of an idiot… Sherlock! That’s better… happily it wasn’t him who pissed me off this time. I am impressed with how he’s behaved himself. Rosie...
“I’m sure they wouldn’t object. Odds are they’ll spend most of the time spoiling Rosie to no end!”
After a few minutes, “Feeling better?” Sherlock asks low, he can tell John’s breathing has evened out and feels his tremors have lessened.
The man with the cane flinches at an overly bright flash of light and clap of thunder that seems to sound right above them, “Yes officers, I know this will sound strange but I forgot to grab my wallet when I left my flat this morning.” The man replies, pointing at the door to the building just down the street. “I can show you my credentials if you follow me…” he starts to say while taking a halting step forward.
John blushes, glancing around with one eye open, “I don’t want to lay down again yet.” Wearing blue silk pajamas, slippers and the housecoat Sherlock gave him for Christmas, he sits in the chair Mycroft vacated with a sigh. Back to the window, left eye fully open, right squinted closed.
The kidnappers were heatedly quarreling over who was going to do the butchery this time when Lestrade and his team entered followed by an anxious Sherlock. Surprised at being found so quickly, the murderous thugs give up without a fight. One is sporting a black eye, the other a swollen, bloody lip and a broken nose apparently courtesy of John.
When Sherlock comes back down about 20 minutes later, Greg is sitting on the couch watching a football match on TV while drinking one of Johns’ beers, his empty coffee mug is drying in the rack with the dinner dishes. Sherlock places the baby monitor on the mantle.
“I do. Didn’t Mycroft say Sherlock was going to sacrifice himself instead of shooting one of you two at Sherrinford?”
Rosie started fussing on the way back so we stopped at Gowans Family Orchards outside Philo. We (Sherlock and I) sampled some hard cider and ended up buying a case of their Gravenstein Heirloom cider. We may have to contact someone in the British Government to find out how to ship a few cases of cider home. We also tasted a variety of apples and all three of us enjoyed the Sierra Beauty so we bought large bag of them. I promised to show Sherlock how make applesauce and a pie tomorrow, should be fun!
John gives another thumbs up accompanied by a grunt.
“I don’t believe that. The man I saw on that stage was standing at attention, even while drugged. They must have given him a shot of something, most likely Valium shortly before he went on the stage or he’d be more aware now. His hands look like those of a surgeon, so army Doctor. I’d say recently invalided home from the wound in his shoulder, it’s only a few months old. He’s lost quite a bit of weight recently, still good muscle tone, but not by hard living so not homeless. His wound became infected I would bet.”
