“Works now.”  How that happened is a mystery to neither of them.  Natasha sits down on the couch and gestures to the cushion beside her, pulling a dark blue throw pillow out of the way.
He hands the rolled up paper to Steve with a flourish.  Steve unrolls it to find a number of ads already circled in purple ink.
idea to take you to Vegas tomorrow and I need to go try and talk him out of it.  Again.”
“And exactly how long have
Steve nods again, lips dancing across Bucky’s as he does, and Bucky makes a small, pained sound and captures Steve’s mouth with his. He starts gentle, like he’s giving Steve time to back out, so Steve pulls Bucky closer to him, insistent. Bucky groans just a little and gives into it completely.
Tony mixes his drink with shaking hands, spilling vermouth on the bar and dropping a few cherries to the floor before one makes it into his glass. This isn’t how he imagined Steve’s first visit to his house would go.
“Tony, you would despise anyone who actually smiled
“Well, not to shock you, but
To his surprise, Tony and he take off without a word to anyone else, ducking out of the mansion through the back entrance and hailing a cab before Steve has time to second guess his decision.  The texts from Natasha and Sam begin when they’re only a few blocks away, and cease shortly thereafter, meaning either Nat tracked him down or Tony had somehow sent word of their plans.  Steve doesn’t ask; he just enjoys the silence.
As he and Fury move into the hallway, Agent 13 passes by with Agents Hill and May, evidently on their way back from a session at the gym.  She murmurs hello and offers him a pleasant smile, but Steve is too preoccupied to engage her in anything more than a brief greeting.  Fury waits until she has rounded the corner before turning his attention back to Steve.
“What do you think, Dr. Banner?” Thor inquires as Bruce enters the room, having decamped upstairs earlier when he discovered that crafting of any kind made the Other Guy frustrated and antsy.
He’s distracted from his disappointment by Steve taking him by the hips and shifting their positions, rolling Tony underneath him. He kisses down Tony’s chest, tongue and lips tracing the jagged lines of his scars in that special way Steve has that Tony doesn't even mind. It feels reverent and loving, and it doesn’t make him self-conscious or ashamed.
“We’re not leaving the city.”  Steve answers her unspoken question.  “We’re just looking for a new apartment, is all.”
“Don’t stop on my account, big boy.”  Tony holds up his hands and Bruce raises an eyebrow, lets out a small sigh.
He can feel the weight of Pepper’s gaze resting on the side of his face, unrelenting.  He hates that she can read him so well.  Usually she lets him slide when he’s holding something back, says something to let him off the hook, but this time she doesn’t.
“Yeah, well, maybe not,” Tony admits.  Steve hadn’t looked bad – he’d looked different.   “But I’ve just started getting used to you and that’s harder to do if you go changing on me.”
“This.” He gestures between them. “I think you should see what it’s like. You and Bucky never had a chance to be together like this, and maybe you should have.”
“Did you call him?” Jane inquires, taking the card from Darcy to inspect it herself. Steve doesn’t respond immediately, not sure how to explain why he hasn’t made an overture if it in fact does mean more work. Everyone always wants more work.
And so as Howard fawned over Steve Rogers like he was the obedient son he’d really wanted and never had, his real son nearly got blown to smithereens while on a mission in Vichy-held French North Africa. It was the Germans, not the Italians, who held him captive in Morocco until Operation Torch brought the Allied forces to his rescue.
He toes off his socks and slowly pads over to the bed. He lifts the covers, sliding in carefully as not to wake Steve, practically holding his breath until he rests his head gently against his own pillow.
“Uh, guys?” Tony’s voice crackles over the comm.
“Then maybe you should just walk away.”
“Yes?”
“I didn’t say he was unattractive,” he shrugs. Steve slaps his shoulder and drops his head to Tony’s chest again.
When they’re seated in one of the expansive green vinyl booths in the café, Tony’s hat perched on the tableside rack and the ocean stretching out beautiful and infinite beyond the huge plate glass window, Tony dares to reach out and hold Steve’s hand.
“I should go. If that was Happy, he’s probably waiting.”
“Don’t seem so shocked,” Tony sarcastically snipes. He turns from the plane, getting a few paces away before turning back and pointing at Rhodey accusatorily. “It could have been something
to two different people. I think I just want an
okay?  You look like you’re about to pass out.”
The man hesitates slightly at this, which only piques his interest.
“First you won’t let it go when I turn you down, now you’re second-guessing when I accept?” Steve starts walking up the beach toward the stairway like he’s making to leave, but his tone is gentle and teasing.
“I guess I…” He closes his eyes tightly, trying to block everything else out so he can concentrate on finding the right words. “It’s not that I thought you were lying,
“Turns out that Bucky was cool living in denial until he suddenly wasn’t.” Tony runs a hand through his hair. “Steve being…Steve being all...1942 pre-Cap small Steve all over again brought some stuff up and…” He makes a so on and so forth gesture, hoping Pepper will at least let him skim over the finer details. “I don’t really want to talk about it. It’s between me and Steve.”
Bucky allows the topic change, following Steve’s cue. He picks up the plastic container and edges closer to Steve, offering him a spoonful.
Across from him, Nick sighs in frustration and wipes the bar top down as if Steve’s no longer sitting there.
“You have any plans to get back? The movie's gotta be waiting on you, at this point, right?”
at him from behind the cowl as he swoops by.
“Bruce?  You know Dr. Banner?”  Steve’s head is swimming and he draws in as deep a breath as he can.  He focuses on her long enough to see her running her hands over the controls of the helicopter, mouthing something to herself.  “Dr. Ross?  Do you know how to do this?”
“You have an odd way of giving compliments, Stark.”
The edges of Steve’s words curve softer and slip broader when he brings up Bucky. Tightness eases in his face that Tony hadn’t even realized was there, and the hunch of his broad shoulders loosens.
Steve could almost believe that. Most of the people who frequent The Shield are none the wiser that the black man behind the bar is actually its owner; the proprietorship is under the name of his old war buddy Alexander Pierce, who is as blond-haired, blue-eyed as they come. Pierce makes an appearance every now again to glad-hand the customers, but it's just for show. Fury knows how to make this life work, knows which angles to take, what rules to break. Steve considers Nick a friend, but he wouldn't be surprised to find out that he has far more secrets up his sleeve than his real stake in the bar.
Barnes knew turning Steve away would break Steve’s resolve in a way that nothing else ever could.
to his own body than ever.
From his inside suit coat pocket, Loki draws out a small manila envelope and holds it out to Steve. When Steve reaches for it, he teasingly snatches it away, but then hands it over.
“You’re the one who offered the blank canvas,” Tony replies, smirking, looking quite pleased with himself. He leans his elbows on Steve’s thighs and runs a finger down the center line of Steve’s stomach.
“What?”  Steve asks, breathless and bewildered.  His head is spinning.  He reaches for Tony but Tony’s too far away.
“I don’t know, I just…” His breath escapes him for a moment, choking in his throat.
“I don’t care, Tony, anywhere.  Just somewhere so loud I can’t hear myself think.”
“We’ll get you cleaned up and into some fresh clothes – I got more of those cheap-ass pajamas you like, the t-shirt jersey cotton ones –”
“Man’s got a point.” Sam and Clint bump fists in acknowledgment.  “Speaking of which, you guys need more disaster movies here to build this theme up, FYI.
“Tony.” Steve sighs deeply, then reaches out and grabs his fidgeting hands. He pulls Tony close, twining their hands together over his chest. He doesn’t know what to say to make Tony change, knows that even if he said the most brilliant, perfect thing in the world, that change couldn’t possibly happen right now, so he settles for pressing a gentle kiss to Tony’s lips. He pulls back before Tony can push it anywhere less innocent.
Tony splays his hands across exactly where he would’ve written the word.
Bucky smiles his slightly crooked, earnest smile, and turns his head to press a kiss to Steve’s palm.
He doesn’t smoke, but he should really carry a lighter for these types of moments. That would be suave. Bucky is always ready for
Tony’s tried to fire him twice already, but Pepper always hires him back. He wonders what people would think if they knew his secretary secretly runs his company. Or maybe they already know and are just playing along with the great farce.
“Eh, it’s fine.  Kinda peaceful out here at night,” Tony shrugs, drops the shivering act.  “Stars are beautiful and all that.”
“What did you do, Tony?”
"You're always saying I need to relax and have fun - now I do, and you're acting like I've killed someone."
, watch it.  I don’t want you having to saw your own arm off.”
“We…we were gonna get married after the war. Getting back to her was the only thing that kept me going, sometimes, you know?” Bruce sighs, unconsciously putting his hand over the picture in his pocket. “But when I got back, things were different.
“Yeah…except you do.”
Tony reaches over, cradles Steve’s face against his palm and guides Steve to look at him.  Steve is surprised enough to let him this time. He’s even more surprised by the unguarded look of fondness in Tony’s eyes, the softness of his expression.
“While that definitely would have been simple to do, given your level of oversight,” Jan retorts, “
Tony pretends to contemplate this, biting his lip and squinting up at the ceiling.
“So?” Tony prompts, needing something, anything. “What did you think of the new ending?”
.  There are only a few feet between them but Tony seems miles away.  He’d obviously rather be somewhere, anywhere else, his distance and distraction abundantly clear.
“It’s not what you think –” he starts, looking to Natasha pleadingly.  Her returning glare is cold and unforgiving.  Tony whirls away from Steve’s former friend, because if he stays he’s going to do something rash and he knows they need him, knows Barnes has to be alive if they’re to have any hope of finding Steve at all.  “Let me explain –”
“In fact what I said was that I wasn’t interested in
Steve doesn’t look back as he crosses to the car, for once moving to get into the back seat, opening the door himself.
“No, seriously, what the ever-living fuck?”
With this in mind, Steve puts on his best happy face, takes Pepper’s arm and presents her to the group.  “I think you know almost everyone now that you’ve met Jane.  And Darcy, that’s Darcy over there.  She works as an assistant to Dr. Foster.”
“How much
is a much better plan.
“Is she here?  I’d like to thank her.”
.   He doesn’t know who the closet
How can this not only be real, but be okay?
His chair is not new. It is old. It is familiar.
Bucky ducks his head against Steve’s shoulder, hiding a glimpse of a grin.
Steve can’t really bear whatever’s happening with him and Tony right now so he lets their conversation drop.  He notices there’s a half full glass of water on the stand beside the bed and reaches for it.  It must be Bucky’s but they’ve never minded sharing.  He can’t quite make his hand function correctly, his fingers clumsy, and he ends up knocking it over.
“I drive past this beach all the time, but I’ve never been down here.” Tony focuses out toward the water once more, but not before sneaking another look at Steve. He shoves his hands in his pockets and rocks back a little on his heels. “This is a little out of the way for you, isn’t it?”
The door drifts closed, the bright light from the hallway sweeping in and sweeping out, leaving Tony in the relative darkness of the theater.
“Then why are you here?” Bucky asks, with a hint of frustration. “I mean, I know what Tony said, but I know you, Steve, this isn’t you.”
“You want it?” Bucky’s voice is a near growl. "You want him?"
“Of course you would have your own theater.” Steve shakes his head. There was a time when Tony would’ve been sure such a statement would have been delivered with a mixture of awe and amusement, but now it’s shot through with contempt.
“Mr. Stark. Tony. I—”
Steve doesn’t expect to see Tony again before he leaves, but immediately after Bruce is situated with Betty in medical, Tony tracks him and Clint down on the communal floor.  Clint is already on his third beer, quite hyped up about the day’s goings on.
Tony’s relieved to say he pays Happy more than well enough, so he was able to buy Pepper a ring worthy of her without taking too deep a ding in his savings. He would’ve gladly given the man a loan had that not been the case, but that most likely would have been one of the most awkward conversations imaginable.
”  He states simply, then reaches for Natasha.  She ducks under his arm and off the train.  He shakes his head, chuckling.
“I know business is more my arena than yours, Steve, but even you have to know that’s not a good deal for you. Your anything versus my one thing? I assure you nothing I think is worth that much. Aim higher.”
“About Steve Rogers' existence in relation to my existence? Yes, she’s aware. Does she know that Steve and I literally destroyed a bathroom in the Chateau this morning with our out-of-this-world fucking? No, she doesn't know about that.”
Belatedly remembering himself, Steve hurriedly pulls a clean white tank over his head and tugs it down to his waist. He grabs the first shirt finds in the closet, a lightweight blue plaid, and slips it over his shoulders. He’s starting to button it up when Tony catches his attention.
“I hardly expected this from you, Cap.”  She speaks with a studied nonchalance, and without looking Steve knows she has her eyebrow arched in a calculated display of amused contempt.  He doesn’t have to ask her what she means.
“Tony…”
in the interests of being neighborly, I could provide you with a ride home this evening. I have a car waiting.”
His hands curl into fists at his sides. He shoves them into his pockets.
Tony chuckles.
“You know, I have to fly to New York for a few days to wine and dine some investors,” Tony starts, not sure where he’s going with this until he’s already there. “I leave tomorrow night. You could...you could come with me?” Steve lifts his head from the pillow. “I have an old family place on Fifth along the park—it’s empty, not even staff to keep the place up, so it'll probably be a bit dusty by now,” He laughs lightly. “But no one would bother us.”
It’s stupid and it’s dangerous and he’s probably going to screw it all up. They both have to be insane to think it will ever work.
“Shall we continue, then?” Thomas asks, and Tony nods absently, his eyes still scanning the street.
“No…” Steve holds back a laugh, biting his bottom lip, and Tony feels a little victorious at almost earning a smile from the man, who is clearly in a terrible mood.  “But I did finish the New York Times Sunday crossword.”  Steve pauses, looking at Tony sideways.  “Those are still known for their difficulty, right?  They were a relatively new thing when I left the city.”
He lets go of Pepper’s hand abruptly, the intrusion of the memory unwelcome and unexpected.
“We didn’t.”
“No, that was a ‘you’re so beautiful that I have to make love to you even though we should be having a serious conversation’ kinda moment, frankly. No elaborate plan or ulterior motive,” Tony explains, trying to pull them back from the brink of this argument.
“No, I’m not.” Bucky tilts his head to look down at Tony. A small but honest smile curls at the edges of his full lips, barely visible in the darkness. “Not yet,” he continues, and it sounds like a promise.
“Set it up.”
Instead they have this: Steve sitting what feels like a mile away and Tony with absolutely no idea what to say to him.
coming
“Buck, we don’t have to do this now,” Steve assures him, moving closer. “We can take a moment. We can take the whole night, the whole week, if we want to. This doesn’t have to be all worked out—”
Tony almost asks what Steve means by clean up when he realizes Steve’s talking about the Chitauri mess.  He’d sent a whole army of workmen and machinery from SI to assist, but of course Steve’s probably been down there digging through rubble on his hands and knees.
It left Tony uneasy, and he downs two tumblers of scotch before gathering up the courage to follow Steve to bed over an hour later.
“Who?”
“Steve?”  Tony’s voice cuts into his thoughts.  Steve blinks rapidly, clearing away ghosts.  “Where’d you go?”
He can make out her shape against the backlight.  She’s leaning over him.  He occasionally feels sharp tugs on his skin, like his veins are being pulled out.  She’s fumbling with something at his face and the feel of plastic resting against his cheeks goes away, the strange sensation in his nose disappearing.
“No, Extremis took care of it.  Why do you ask?”
He starts fucking Steve painstakingly slowly. His own boxers are shoved down just to his thighs and he still has his own t-shirt on, and even though Steve’s naked from the waist down, his tee is rucked up underneath his armpits. Tony considers stopping and taking Steve properly back to bed, but he doesn’t want to pull out long enough to make that happen.
“To the Hulk, Bruce.  She turned you into the Hulk.  Just
coffee mug waiting for him on his workshop bench.  It’s certainly not from Bucky.
Thor is with them tonight, his blustery, booming laugh audible even over the din of the crowd. A recent émigré from Sweden, he’s been a boon to the studio’s special effects department. He specializes in weather simulation, and Steve has to admit that his thunderstorms read as near believable onscreen.
“I know, miracle of modern menswear, right?  After years of making fantastical messes of myself, we’ve ascertained which fabrics will stand up to a Stark.”  Tony smiles, but Steve notices it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.  “You hungry?  There’re only about a million places around here so geared toward gluttony that even Thor would be shocked.”
They kiss like they need each other to breathe, and Steve fucks him like he’s trying to split Tony apart. Tony is crying out, high and breathy, and his grip is tight enough to turn his knuckles white. Steve would worry about hurting him if Tony weren’t begging for more whenever he pauses to gasp for air.
The sound of the wine cellar door closing echoes through the long room. They’re alone.
"So, you clearly have plans for our next outing, but where exactly are we going now?"  They stop on the block between Washington Place and West 4th and Tony looks around as if trying to decide where to go.  There’s a subway near here, Steve can smell it wafting up through the sidewalk grates, so he angles toward 6th Avenue.  "We should probably head back.  The game ended hours ago, at the very least Sam will send out a search party."
Tony, the one nobody else gets to see.
“We’ve been looking for him for awhile, Steve.”  Natasha murmurs.  “I didn’t want to say anything in case it all came to a dead end.”
“I know.”  Then they’re kissing. New York continues to pass by the large plate glass window in a waterlogged blur of trench coats and black umbrellas, and the rest of the café becomes nothing more than warm light and a murmur of chatter and clinking dishes.
“God, after so much time with Tony, I’ve forgotten that people can say things like that and not be sarcastic or glib.  You’ll have to forgive me, I’m not used to a real gentleman.”
The conversation quickly turns to the damage that the super powered can do, how out of human control they have become. He was a one-man reign of terror for seventy years. The Hulk destroys cities. Ultron nearly destroyed the world.
“I…I don’t understand,” Pepper sputters.  “What in god’s name was that?”
Tony holds up both hands and Steve stops ping ponging his attention back and forth between the two debating men, gladly focusing on Tony once more.
“What would you like to talk about?”
He clings to Bucky and Bucky clings to him.  Everything begins to fall away, some of that unbearable weight lifting from his shoulders.  He hadn’t quite realized how much he’d been carrying until he finally acknowledges the burden, slowly starts putting it down.
“Well.”  Tony stands, re-claiming the seat next to him and sliding his arm behind his shoulders.  He has a triumphant smirk on his face as he leans in.  “Then I guess I just got
“We should go back inside before both Thor and Bucky think I’m trying to steal both their girls.”
“Before we go, Mr. Stark, there is still the matter of the Captain America film library.”
.” Tony snorts.  “Remind me again why this is a thing?”
Tony hesitates with the blunt head of his cock against Steve’s hole, barely breaching his body. He doesn’t do it to tease, even if that’s a pleasurable side effect. He pauses to try and memorize this moment, to register each and every sensation as he slowly – so,
Bucky nods like he’s never understood a sentiment more and he tugs Steve down on top of him.
“I will, sir.”
Without a word, he walks to the wall and pulls the plug out of the socket.   The machine whirs down to a pitiful stop.
. His breath catches in his throat; the sight and sound of Steve Rogers lost to sexual abandon hypnotizes him completely.  Never in a million years did he ever think he’d see this anywhere outside his own lustful fantasies.  It’s more amazing than he could have dreamed.
“I think she just wanted to hit me again.”  Barnes murmurs.  He sounds a little like Steve, that sometimes-accent of his curling faintly around the edges of Barnes’ words.  Tony doesn’t like it, doesn’t like hearing Steve in this stranger’s voice.
“Captain Rogers, as Agent Romanoff stated, he walked in today.  He knew we were looking for him and he turned himself in.”
Bucky shifts, angling his body purposely away from Steve’s.  His eyelids slowly close against the morning sun.  He doesn’t say anything more.
“Don’t know why you’re down here then,” Tony mutters and to Tony’s surprise, Steve rolls his eyes and sticks his foot out, kicking the edge of Tony’s rolling chair and sending him a few feet back.
“Please don’t tell him.” Bucky whispers, even though there’s no one else there to hear him.
it took me near a month to get there, so any publicity is good publicity. Celebrate, Pepper.” He lifts his glass to her and she sighs with a put upon frown. “Thanks for the coffee, by the way.”
When he returns to New York three weeks later, Bucky Barnes is apparently better than ever.  And staying on Steve’s floor, because that’s the kind of bullshit Tony’s opened himself up to now.
have to pick what is likely to be the hottest day of the year to walk around outside for hours. Though…he hadn’t picked it – Pepper had, so he supposes that she’s to blame for the way he’s sweating through one of his most expensive suits.
He’s not built for standing still though, more likely to steamroll over someone and just keep going than plant his feet and face them down.  So he moves.  He’s a mover.
Steve chooses to ignore her.  He puts the milk back without even having poured a glass and puts thoughts of breakfast aside until later. All the telltale signs of another set-up, another blind date, are in the air. Natasha’s winding up to something.
Steve tries to stop him there, grabbing Tony’s wandering hand before starting to speak, but Tony evidently has more points to make.
“I don’t—”
“Glad to hear there’s a contingency plan in place.”
“It’s probably not much use to practice on something that doesn’t hit back.”  Tony clears his throat and speaks loudly over the whump-thump-thump of Steve’s fists hitting sand and leather and vinyl over and over again.
But he finds nothing concrete to account for the feeling he gets every time he looks at it.  It’s more beautiful than the most advanced equation he could ever fathom.
“Wasn’t kidding.”  Steve gets it then, that maybe Tony responded this way because he knew better than to argue.  Knew better than to insist that Steve was wrong, or that Bucky’s mind could be changed or things could be talked out.  Tony knew he needed to feel something other than pain and self-recrimination.
Bruce pulls off his glasses and rubs his nose, looking pained.
“Well you didn’t move back to Brooklyn so we could hang out
“I don’t mean this, like,
“Always underestimated how likable you are, Barnes.”
“What are you up to today? Got any plans?”  Tony should go, but he lingers instead.  He rifles through the rest of yesterday’s paper to keep up a pretense that he has a reason to stay.  He doesn’t feel as tired now as he did before.
“Tony, did you
“Our standards have always been a bit different in that respect, Tony,” Pepper taunts, but then winks at Steve.  “Though yours are improving.”
“Oh, yes. I just…sorry, Mr. Rogers, no one else here bothers with names. But, uh, to your question – Mr. Stark left ages ago.”
Tony’s eyebrows shoot up, his surprise genuine.
“Of course, sir.”  The doors open before he reaches them.  He glances toward Tony and Pepper, who are simultaneously on their phones yet seem to be discussing something with each other as well.  Neither notices him as he ducks outside.
He has to admit that he figured Tony might go overboard on the whole thing, but instead the man’s left the place pretty much a blank slate.
He reaches into the inside pocket of his double-breasted suit and pulls out his silver card case.
hits Tony hard, a wave of absolute want and need crashing over him in a way he was simply not ready for.
“There’s no way –”
When Steve startles awake in the middle of the night, he expects to find himself alone.  It’s not until his heartbeat has settled steady in his chest and his eyes have adjusted to the darkness that he makes out a shape across the room, slumped in one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs.
“Not quite up for that yet.”  Bucky takes a long pull from his bottle.  “She does have nice gams though.”  Bucky winks at Steve and he can’t help blushing.  It’s an old habit – Bucky making lewd comments about ladies embarrasses him, and Bucky knows it.  He smiles apologetically at Jane but she doesn’t seem at all bothered by Bucky’s comment.
“I got her,” she says softly as she peels Jan from Tony’s arms. Jan clings to him, whining, but eventually goes.
,” Jane gestures around them in a circle. “This is not a blind date.” Jane takes Darcy’s cigarette from her, stubbing it out in the glass ashtray on the center of the coffee table, next to the candy dish.
His thoughts wander toward Tony as he inches back toward sleep, Natasha’s breathing settling deep and even in time with his.
It’s only a matter of time before he does something stupid.
‘marijuana’, somewhere a kitten dies.  A cute, fluffy kitten.”
“All right, Tony, but—”
Maybe they could have had more than stolen kisses bolstered by drunken courage.  Maybe instead of Bucky reaching over, pulling him close and pushing inside him in the middle of the night, carefully quiet and hidden in the darkness, they could have made love in the light of morning, loud as they wanted to be.  Maybe instead of dancing around it and pretending it meant less than it did, they could have talked about it.  Named it.  Stopped denying it.
Steve coughs slightly before replying, clearing his throat of other things left unsaid.
“Allow me, my lady,” Thor gallantly swoops in and provides Darcy a flame. Steve blushes sheepishly.
“No, I should be the one apologizing – couldn’t even give you a run for your money.”  Bruce puts his hands over his knees and pushes up, standing and vacating his seat for anyone else who might be up to the challenge.  He sits down on the armrest of Betty’s chair and she idly slides her hand across his lower back as he slips his arm loosely around her shoulders.  Steve envies how comfortable they seem with one another.  Even with all their history, all that went wrong and could yet go wrong, it’s clear they’re still in love.
“When I see something that I remember, and there it is, just as it was, I draw that too.”  There are less drawings of that variety, which pretty much says it all.  “It’s not exactly a coherent project.”
It spirals from there.
idea I’d go for that but I guess I have a new kink.”
happened.”
“I didn’t know you were expecting anything,” Steve answers honestly, having thought until just minutes ago that any romantic feelings between them were wholly one-sided.  Tony’s whole body stiffens slightly at Steve’s words, but before Steve can ask what he said wrong, Tony’s taking a step back, grabbing Steve’s hand, and leading the way back toward the bright, flashing neon lights of the amusement park.
“He really has captured my magnificent essence,” Tony states, grandiose and lovably arrogant.  Tony sets a hand on his arm, casually but clearly possessive, and just as Steve thinks that the tension may escalate, Tony lets go and steps back.  Trying to keep things on an even keel, Steve doesn’t comment on his design or Tony’s thoughts about it.  Instead he picks up the small knife and sets back to the finishing touches on Iron Man’s face, not saying a word.
“We’ll meet you on the platform in five.” Steve states.
“Pepper, I didn’t want to –”
Wilson also uses some kind of flying device, a suit that lets him cover the Avengers from the sky.
“Since I’m up, I…I think I’ll make breakfast for everyone today.  Would you like anything in particular?”
“It’s temporary,” Tony states, unable to come up with a witty response.  Of course the place doesn’t seem like him, he hasn’t set foot here in over twenty-five years.  “That ‘big ugly building’ is more my speed, we’ll be back up there scraping the sky in no time.”
“You clearly take after your mother.”  Tony comments once he has his breath back entirely, laughing lightly.  Steve squeezes his shoulder and lets go, pulling back.  Tony begrudges the loss.
,” Steve breathes and closes the miniscule space between them. The kiss is immediately
“Oh, this one?” Tony looks down at himself, nonplussed. He has the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the shirt fully unbuttoned, the fabric streaked in engine grease. He shrugs it off his shoulders, leaving him in only his black tank and jeans. He hands the shirt to Steve like the problem is solved.
“Ah ah ah, read the article again, Rogers. Mr. Independent Producer still needs the studios, and guess which one he’s partnering with first?”
back, this struggle to feel
He meets the rest of the Avengers on the roof in less than five, because he’s efficient and brilliant like that, and Steve steps out into the bright morning sunlight not a moment after.
They’re kissing, and kissing, and kissing, and somewhere in between all that there’s fumbling with buttons and zippers and clasps, elastic bands snapped and suspenders unlatched. It’s a rather undignified scrambling, but Steve couldn’t care less because it all means that Tony finally gets a hand around both of their cocks, pushing their bare flesh together as he strokes.
“It was just one night, Tony. Do you think we’re crazy?” Steve asks, quiet and thoughtful. Tony grins widely.
So now he sends Falsworth to do some negotiating in his place. Monty is suave and very,
His military dress uniform should have been enough, he’d thought, but Pepper had said that wouldn’t fly with these kinds of people.  Apparently the only thing high fashion wants from the military is the occasional borrowing of thematic khaki or camouflage.
“So you’re saying, what, what – that he was brainwashed into coming here and drawing Steve out and now he can’t talk about it?  That’s fucking ridiculous.”  Tony clenches and unclenches his fists.  He doesn’t know how Bruce is standing still.   Isn’t Bruce supposed to be anger incarnate?  How is Bruce keeping his head when Tony can barely see through his rage? He has to come up with a plan.  He’s usually so good at this, at keeping cool and seeing things exactly for what they are, at being two steps ahead.  Why can’t he think of a goddamned plan?
“Sorry,” Steve mumbles for his impoliteness, feeling his face heat.  “I’m…I’m just going to go return this.”  He holds up the jacket and then makes a graceless exit.
Since Natasha’s wearing nothing but an oversized Captain America t-shirt, Steve can’t say as he blames her.
“Not especially.”
as they catch on Steve's bare shoulders, but it's gone as quickly as it appeared.
“So. I saw the view. I should go.” Steve pushes off the railing, turning on his heel.
But even with an empty seat between them now, the long ride passes by as if a mere moment.  Steve doesn’t want the night to end, and Tony gamely suggests that it doesn’t have to.  Steve doesn’t ask where they’re going, trusting Tony to decide.
Tony bites his lip near hard enough to draw blood.
“That light…” Steve whispers to himself, realizing now that it only could have been one thing: the flash bulb of Loki’s camera. “How did you even…?” Steve turns back to Loki, shocked. For someone to get onto Tony’s property, to climb up to the house…
“Ok, wow, it’s later than I thought. Let’s forget the break and just call it a day. We can start with the men tomorrow – hopefully they’re a better lot than this sorry bunch.”
Tony pretends this actually needs to be considered and weighed.  Debauching Steve in the common room where anyone can see does have a certain appeal, but he’s not about to make that case to Steve.  Besides, he’d like to actually complete said debauching before anyone finds out and feels the need to lecture him about besmirching a national icon.  He much prefers sitting through tirades about things he’s actually done, not things he possibly might do in the future.
It is all he thinks about until he starts thinking of
Steve refuses to lose it in front of him.  In front of the team.  He disentangles his fingers from Natasha’s and folds his hands on top of the table.  He swallows around the choking sob that had been building in his throat and corrects his posture, straightening up and directing his attention to Fury.
“I was assuming I had a very short window before you either realized this was a horrible mistake and/or started freaking out, so I very immaturely brought you somewhere you could not escape.”  He gestures around them.  The Ferris Wheel car rocks a little in the wind as they reach the apex.  From one hundred fifty feet in the air, everything on the ground seems small.  The ocean stretches out into the darkness like it’s infinite.  They’re a world away from everyone and everything.
”  Steve nearly shouts.  It’s enough to finally stop Tony in his tracks, if only because he’s genuinely taken aback.  That wasn’t a Captain command.  That was Steve yelling, and he’s never actually heard
told you not to, so I suppose you really may be incorruptible.”
“You’re on.” Bucky sets his half-finished beer on the small table beside Steve’s drawing board, evidently meaning for Steve to drink the rest.  “I’m gonna go meet Nat, Clint and Sam down at The Shield for a nightcap, you wanna come?”
“Iron Man, you’ve been off active duty for months.  Vacate the premises immediately.”
“Valomilk Dips?  Primrose candies?”  Steve sets down his carving tools and rifles through the plastic bags and small boxes of candy.  They’re all familiar little pieces of his and Bucky’s shared past.  Bucky used to bring him candy all the time when he’d be laid up in bed, and even though Steve’s sure some of it was shoplifted, he’d never had the heart to call Bucky out for it.   “Red Hots and Peanut chews?  Buck, where’d you find all this?”
“They just
“I’m gonna come, Steve, come with me, oh god, please…” Bucky pleads, as if Steve would for a moment deny him. Steve nods helplessly, their kiss once again turning into shared gasps, mouths brushing as they struggle to breathe.
“Steve…” Whatever might have been on the tip of Tony’s tongue is lost as he abruptly comes, hand tightening around them both as his cock jerks; Steve can feel every twitch, every trembling convulsion. The splatter is warm against his skin, stray drops scattering over his thankfully bare chest, just missing the rumpled edge of his undershirt.
“Good. Darcy might turn green with envy,” she stage whispers, and then pushes his arm gently with one hand. “Hey – does this mean I’ve known you longer than anyone else here besides Bucky?”
“I'm not judging, Tony, and I'll never breathe a word of it, I promise.” Carol assures him, even though he kind of already knows that, even if he's not in the right mood to admit it. “You can trust me—you know you can.”
“Here I am,” Steve replies, though it’s not like he’s been hiding. “Been here all night, in fact.”
They are in an Italian restaurant, sitting so close to one another that it had unconsciously been a romantic date long before either of them realized it.
He knows it’s dangerous to believe her, but he has to in order to go on.
Potts to consider now, it’s important that you put both her safety and your own first.”
on his tablet.  It’s probably the most exciting thing ever to happen at Mount Rushmore – though he’s not sure if he means Hitchcock’s imaginary tale of intrigue or the fact that he and Steve sit together, legs touching, for over two hours and watch a movie.
“I…thought you were one of them.”  Steve says, even though he’s not entirely sure what he’d thought, if he’d thought anything.  She doesn’t seem to understand him anyway.  She pushes through the doorway as soon as it opens and the scene before him seems eerily familiar.
“I think he might be even more of an asshole than Howard, if you pardon the language.”
“Preferably one near a co-op market.” Tony adds.
Tony’s dark hair and press his lips to that wicked mouth.
“Make yourselves presentable, boys, we’ve got company.” She smirks before stepping aside. Tony Stark is standing just behind her, looking gorgeous and confused. He glances back and forth between the two men in the bedroom with none of Natasha’s self-satisfied glee.
Steve and Bucky are sitting side by side on the edge of Bucky’s bed.  Bucky is holding Steve’s hand in his lap, and oddly seems to be tracing some kind of idle pattern onto Steve’s palm as they talk.
“Sorry I took so long to call you back, I just…” Bucky closes the door behind him, leaning against it. He digs a folded piece of notebook paper out of the breast pocket of his flannel shirt and holds it out to Steve. “Read this.”
“Thor
“You were going to.”
“So you
Accidentally but maybe on purpose, Tony pitches backward slightly, thumping the back of his head against a cabinet and knocking over one of the empty wine bottles behind his arm. It clatters against the countertop but doesn’t break. It’s enough to startle them both into stopping.
Before he leaves for London, Tony slips a handwritten note under Bucky’s door.
“Holy shit, Cap, I can’t
“It would mean we’re all in a relationship with each other, rather than each of us being in a relationship with just you.”
“Whoever they are, they’re bad enough news that Fury warned off the city’s emergency personnel,” Clint states.  “He called for backup from other SHIELD locations but either the message never got out or no one showed.”
“So it went that well.”
“What she means, Cap, is if you’re willing to kick a guy in the balls, you gotta be ready to kick a gal there too.  Even if Momma told you not to.”
“Your parents fought about Peggy?”
“So the brother, the autistic one, is a savant with numbers so the douche takes advantage and uses him to beat the house in Vegas.  Anyway, long story short, somewhere along the way, this guy, this jerk, he finally sees past his own bullshit and he realizes what having this brother, this really special brother, means to him.  How important that is.  So he’s trying, and
Steve looks away as Tony slides an arm around his waist to pull him closer, a proprietary move that he always uses if Bucky is around.  When they hang with his best friend, Tony has to find a way to touch whenever possible, as if constantly both assuring himself and warning Bucky.  Tony insists he is above jealousy – far too aloof and cool for such trivial nonsense – but it doesn’t change the fact that ever since he found out that Steve and Bucky had briefly fooled around in high school during a period of shared bi-curiousness, he becomes pretty grabby when Buck’s there.
Tony doesn’t believe him.
“I woke up today and he was hard, Tony,” Bucky whispers against Tony’s skin. “Still asleep, but so damn hard, hard as a rock. Underwear all damp and sticky, cock ready to burst. I sucked him off, Tony, and he screamed your name.”
Pepper’s laugh is bright and airy as Phil guides her over the dance floor, steady and sure.  Tony had been right about that match, and he even calls Phil by his real name occasionally in order to keep Pepper from getting too annoyed.  Thor is sitting with Jane on the love seat, listening raptly to whatever story Jane is unfolding.  Steve never understands half of what Jane describes, and he suspects that Thor doesn’t either.  It doesn’t seem to matter.  Jane’s assistant Darcy has Sam cornered – not that he seems to mind – and Clint is strangely deep in conversation with Maria Hill.
“It’s for a project,” Steve bypasses whatever conversation Tony is trying to have and just addresses the unspoken question.  “I thought I’d try my hand at something…bigger.”
“Not about my side of things.” Bucky lets it go, finally, saying it aloud for the first time in his entire life. “I’ve always been crazy about him.” He smiles brokenly to himself. Only about seventy years too late.
was. What it
Steve recognizes their subjects immediately. His gaze snaps to Loki, his face heating in anger.
“Fine.” He echoes.
Clint is leaning against the wall on the landing, a smirk blossoming across his face.
“I’m going to go to London in the morning.  We both need some space.”  It sounds final.  It doesn’t sound like ‘space’, it doesn’t sound like ‘time apart’; it sounds like a break up.  “I’ll stay at the Waldorf tonight.”
Steve putters to a slow stop, angling his moped into something that technically isn’t a parking spot, but is in actuality a convenient gap between a Prius and a Smart Car.  He’s learned from experience that he has to sneak any space he can get that’s big enough to fit his bike.  Parking, even in Astoria, is getting just as bad as anywhere in Brooklyn these days.  So much for Queens being more low key.
He purposely acts nonchalant about it, treating it like an outlandish joke, even as doubt niggles the back of his mind. Maybe he
“I’m hardly the person to ask.”
“You’re right, I don’t believe it. You said no, right?”
And Steve’s angry.  Screw that.  Sam’s laid up in med bay so Tony’s here to help, and they need it.
“In a way, you’re right.  He called himself Yasha.”
. Not that Tony didn’t already suspect it, but now he knows why Bucky seems to be doing this damn near all the time. It’s like a fuse blows inside his brain and he can’t think; he just
Tony needs time, and space, to work up to some things.  He doesn’t like labels; he doesn’t like boxes and Steve knows better than to force him.
Tony leans forward, elbows resting on the seatback in front of him, and runs his fingers through his own hair, tugging at the strands in frustration.
He bites back a curse and grabs the pan, taking it off the heat.  It’s too late though; they’re pretty much destroyed.  He’ll still eat them so they don’t go to waste, but he can’t offer them to Pepper like this.
Steve pauses to consider his route, opting to avoid the tourist hustle and bustle of Times Square and head east for two blocks before turning to trek up Fifth Avenue.
and, after a few moments of searching through its shelves, emerges victorious with a thick, battered, black notebook. Scraps of paper stick out from its edges, ideas jotted down elsewhere and stuck inside for review at a later date.
Steve puts his hands on his knees, ignoring Tony’s complaint.  He only ran 18 miles and at a damn near leisurely pace.  He’s barely broken a sweat, so Tony’s just trying to rile him up and distract him from the matter at hand.
“Tony, there you are.  Good morning,” Pepper walks into the kitchen, the quick, efficient click of her high heels and the brightness of her smile instantly sending a tidal wave of relief through Tony’s entire body.
“Now. How do we feel about hot cakes?”
,” Fury says bluntly.  “But that’s the hand we’ve been dealt here.  When one of the world’s most wanted spies strolls into your office and agrees to spill his guts with the one small proviso being he doesn’t want Rogers on the guest list to that particular party, you don’t look the damn gift horse in the mouth.  And I don’t think I should need to remind you all that I didn’t
“I want my mouth on you. Can I suck you?” Tony is too riled up to play coy. He drops to his knees even as Steve is still gasping out a yes. He pulls down Steve’s trousers and underwear in one go and takes Steve’s length in hand. There’s a loud thud above his head; Steve had slammed one hand against the door to steady himself as he nearly pitched over.
He’d been honorably discharged, done with the war by 1943, just as Captain America went off to Europe to become a real hero. He’d received a chest marred with battle scars and permanent heart trouble for his efforts; Tony doesn’t know how or where Steve Rogers wound up, and he doesn’t much care.
“Exactly how long have you lived in New York again?”  Natasha sounds as disbelieving as Natasha can sound.  She glances at Thor, who is currently downing his second glass of fresh squeezed orange juice as if he were chugging a beer at Oktoberfest.  It’s clear that Clint is her only hope.  “Trust me.  Going with me will be better than going anywhere
.”  Tony comments, his hand moving to rub suggestively between Steve’s legs.  The table would have totally hid the move if Steve hadn’t reacted reflexively, jerking his knee upward and cracking against the wood with a thud that sends the silverware rattling.   Steve’s face is bright red, now.
“I think it does,” Steve plays along with the joke.
Steve bolts upright, automatically reaching for the knife he keeps inside the night table. His hand hits solid wood – no handle, no drawer. This isn’t his furniture; this isn’t his bedroom.
"Maybe we should call the whole thing off?" Steve kids and Tony groans.  "You very rarely quote anything from before the 60s, let alone the 40s, Stark, let me enjoy the moment."
“Lately, you’ve become his closest friend.”
“That’s not quite-“
“Tony—”
“Well, let’s be fair, Pep – we can’t be down on everyone who’s not as brilliant as we are.  Wouldn’t leave many people for us to talk to.  Or sleep with.”
“She sounds like a little girl. How old is she really? Nineteen?”
, Barnes, I think I
Steve scrambles up, his cheeks flushing pink with something other than the heat.
“It really does.” Steve agrees, hand on Tony’s shoulder as he peers out at the cityscape.  “You left just the
, the words seeming to escape his mouth.  “This…this was supposed to be a thing you would like.”
“Over it,” Clint frowns.
“It scares me, Tony.” Steve says softly, and he looks confused over his words, like maybe he hadn’t meant to say them or isn’t quite sure what he means. “I think about you
He also scans the background of Bucky’s cell for some sign of where they might be keeping him.  There’s nothing, the room is as non-descript as non-descript can be.  Not a single detail to help him determine if Bucky’s here in New York, on the helicarrier, or one of SHIELD’s many other undisclosed locations.  Hell, Bucky could be in jail on the moon and Steve wouldn’t be able to tell.
Neither of them moves immediately, but Fury keeps staring at them, his arm outstretched toward the exit.   Natasha glances toward Bucky and Fury’s good eye twitches.
The overhead lights are garishly bright and despite overall attempts at elegance, he can still smell the tinge of bleach in the air. Despite that, Steve breathes easy for the first time in what feels like hours, standing at the bank of white porcelain sinks and staring at his reflection in the bank of beveled mirrors until his face comes back into focus.
In this new position, Steve is practically in his lap and Tony and Bucky both hold him up, Tony’s arms wrapped around his midsection and Bucky’s metal arm firm across his shoulders. His fingers brush Steve’s neck, his jawline, his chin. Tony breaks his kiss with Bucky to turn his attention to Steve’s mouth, kissing him for all he’s worth as he starts thrusting up into Steve’s body again. Steve is looser and wetter now, his muscles quivering with exhaustion.
Steve’s on the brink of orgasm already, as if his body knows time is limited, and he tries to stutter out a warning to Tony. For a moment he thinks Tony is going to swallow, feeling him hesitate in pulling off, and that alone makes him lose control. Tony pulls off mid-thrust, however, angling the spray back over Steve’s chest to join the mess Tony already made on Steve’s skin.
“They’re around somewhere, surely Pepper ordered some.  JARVIS, d’ya know where Pep put the candles?”
“You and Dr. Banner did
“Know what?”  Tony hedges, taking a step toward him.  Steve can’t tell if the innocent look on his face is real or faked.  It’s probably a put on.
There’s something between them. Something that doesn’t exist between Steve and any of the others, not even Wilson or Romanoff. When Tony Stark is near, Steve burns brightly, burns fiercely. Whether it’s with joy or rage, he’s
“You know all your friendly, helpful neighbors are actually SHIELD agents, right?”
He shouldn’t have said trading cards.  Steve knows about the trading cards.
the evil.  In the last frame, Clint is pressing a sloppy kiss to the side of Natasha’s face; she’s rolling her eyes but smiling at the same time.  Bucky has fallen half out of the shot but Tony can see Steve, caught mid-laugh and gorgeously happy.
but sometimes he’d say my name and…and then I’d think maybe he at least
Adrenaline is still ripping through his veins when they finally reach the mansion.  Tony paws at Steve as they stumble upstairs from the underground garage; neither one of them seems willing to break contact for even a moment.  Steve pins him against the wall in the kitchen the second they enter the room, swallowing his surprised grunt as they kiss.
Instead, he goes out onto the back deck by the swimming pool and waits for Happy to show Steve in. Happy always knows where to find him; it’s a trick of his cultivated over the years and years spent by his side.
“You’ve given someone else the theme music to
These people aren’t his friends, they’re just placeholders in a life he’s supposed to have lived already.  His real friends, they’re all dead and gone.
Things were said in the heat of the moment, but it’s best to dispel them now before anyone gets confused. There’s definitely a spark between him and Bucky, but without Steve, it never would have caught fire. Even now there’s little more than fading embers, and no guarantee anything will reignite. Steve is what fuses them together; without Steve, there’d be next to nothing.
“Such etiquette!”  Clint reaches over and ruffles Darcy’s long hair, messing it into a tangle.  She groans in dismay.
“She wouldn’t do that,” Steve retorts quickly and Tony doesn’t doubt for a second that Steve believes it.   He’s about to ask Steve when he saw Nat when Steve presses on, still answering the list of questions that Tony has already forgotten he asked.  “And the radio…well, the radio is comforting.”
Steve raises an eyebrow and makes a show of surveying the room.
That doesn’t really clear anything up.  He gets a good look at her as they come to a stop beside one of the three helicopters; the hangar is empty of personnel but she keeps looking over her shoulder, expecting that to change at any moment.   She’s tall, with long dark hair, a soft jaw line, full lips and eyebrows; there’s a fierce elegance to her that overrides the panic in her blue eyes.
“It’s not…I mean, it
“Both. You know how I love to mix business with pleasure.” He smiles as he moves in close, smoothing his hands up Steve’s chest. Steve doesn’t miss that there’s an anxious edge to that grin, a tinge of that vulnerability that Tony too often tries to hide.
He only has these cards to play.
Tony stares at him for a long moment with something akin to pity in his eyes.  Steve sighs and turns back to the window, futzing with the curtains just to have something to do with his hands.  There can only be one reason Tony Stark is making such efforts to be kind.
have pushed some of his well-worn buttons.
But Tony’s good. Tony’s good for Steve.
“Excuse me?”  Steve hastens back, trying to keep his voice level even though his first instinct is panic, quickly followed by anger.  “That’s –” He stops, words and footsteps slowing as the man turns and Steve recognizes that familiar face.   “ – mine.  Tony?  What are you…?”
to look loads better than Steve looks right now. If even just because he’s dressed better.  Even Steve’s boring khakis and blue plaid shirt are rumpled rather than ironed and creased to perfection.  “So, what’s up, pussycat, what’s got your star spangled self all less than super shiny?”
He smiles as Tony steps into the tiny space and takes the washcloth from his loose grasp, and proceeds to slowly wipe his skin clean. Steve stands still as Tony sets about putting him to rights, situating his pants back on his hips, buttoning and tucking in shirts, setting his suit coat back on his shoulders.
the job, not because they don’t,” Tony remarks with a casual air. Steve pauses in searching for his shirt, lifting his head to look at Tony to see if he’s serious or joking. But Tony is looking down, indifferently inspecting his manicured nails.
"I'm counting on you talking to Steve."
One of the production assistants comes around the corner, carrying a stack of scripts and balancing three coffees, and looking harried.
They were so close people mistook them for brothers; yet in truth they were even closer – more like lovers who never dared admit that no one else would ever do.  He wants Bucky to remember
He checks with JARVIS later and finds out that Steve stayed down there alone until dinnertime, occasionally glancing up to see if Tony had returned but not budging otherwise.  It’s then that Tony decides something needs to be done.
“The thing is, he hires the best, and then gets out of their way. Most producers can’t get out of their own way, much less anyone else’s.” She lifts her glass in a toast.
“I wasn’t.”
“It’s like running the gauntlet, isn’t it? But we made it out relatively unscathed.” A much too expensive bottle of wine is brought tableside without Tony placing an order; Tony foregoes a tasting and just signals the waiter to fill both their glasses. When the waiter departs, leaving them to their menus, Steve decides that it might be best to be frank now while they’re alone and the night is still early.
Tony should probably be thankful he’s being let onto the Paramount lot, that someone’s willing to talk to him about leasing him production space.
“I told you-“
Steve ducks barely out of sight behind one of Tony’s sports cars and strips off his wet clothes efficiently and without much care for modesty.  He emerges moments later clad in a black hoodie and sweatpants, shoving on the sneakers as he makes his way toward the garage’s exit.
talented,” Tony says, hooking a finger through one of Steve’s belt loops and placing his other hand on Steve’s hip to steady him, wanting to keep in contact even as they stumble over someone’s purse left on the floor.  He cops a feel of Steve’s firm ass.  “So very talented.”
“Yes?” Steve steels himself against the urge to touch. He's angry, and he
Seeing Tony with Pepper has left Peggy on his mind.  Not for the first time, he doubts his decision to let Peggy be, to let her live out her final days in Winchester without him abruptly walking back into her life, seventy years too late.   Doing that would have been horribly selfish.  Not seeing her is the right choice, but he can’t lie – it’s also safer.  What if he had gone to see her and she’d refused, the way Bucky’s refused now?  He doesn’t know if he could’ve taken it.
She lights her cigarette as her eyes continue to sweep across his shoulders.
Natasha spins around, seeking out Clint on his rooftop.
“I haven't been following the Hollywood news while out here,” he replies. “Taking a much-deserved break.”
Yet he waits.  He waits far too long after he shoots multiple rounds, watching to see whom he hit.  It’s not to make sure his target is down.
“Very…luxurious?”  He’s not quite sure if that’s the right word to use, but it will have to do.  He can’t get over the size of the place; he’d known people lived like this, but in the abstract, not as a reality.  He tries to imagine a child running around these halls and can’t picture it.  “Must’ve been something, growing up here.”
“Captain Rogers has been cleared to use the facilities for over two weeks, sir; I was not aware that his presence need be announced.”
“We went out tonight and Clint and Natasha had a little too much to drink, so I brought them back here.”
“Hi, I don’t believe we’ve met.  I’m Jane Foster, uh, Dr. Jane Foster, I’m with Thor…you’re Pepper Potts, right?  That’s amazing, so amazing to meet you.  And nice.  Nice as well.” Her anxious blathering jars Steve out of his shock and he forces the kindest smile he can manage.
still arrest people for this, don’t they?” He snaps the photographs from Steve’s hands and slides them back into the inside breast pocket of Steve’s coat. “You can keep these – I have copies.”
“He doesn’t want things to be separate, and I don’t think I do either.”
“Not always.”  Steve can hear an edge sharpening in Tony’s voice and knows this could easily go somewhere not so good.  “I do have a mind of my own.”
“Because she thought Howard was in love with him.  Okay?”  Tony’s never told anyone that before, but in admitting it aloud he suddenly knows it’s not true.
“Do me a favor and don’t look into his personal life.  You might have a heart attack.”
“That’s not…” Tony mutters, rubbing his elbow like Steve had injured him.  Steve is hyper-aware of his own strength though, and he’s sure Tony’s just being petulant.  “Playing Barbara Walters isn’t the solution.”
“We don’t have to.  I mean, it’s just a ball drop, it’s pretty much the same every year.”
Back then, when he had no personal knowledge of any member of the Stark family and being invited to their home would have been a ludicrous notion.
portended trouble.
“I know how to dance.”  Tony announces, unbuttoning and rolling up his sleeves like he’s gonna teach Steve how to box instead of box step.  With his hands he beckons Steve closer.  Steve smiles awkwardly, getting what Tony’s trying to accomplish here, but feeling rather silly about it.
, Bucky, I –”
“And then I fuck him, I fuck him until he comes again and all he can think of is me.” Bucky’s voice is dark, but it’s not vicious. He’s not angry. To Tony, he sounds incredibly turned on, like Steve thinking about being with someone else – his Steve, always Bucky’s Steve, even Tony knows that – is perfectly okay.
“You know what I mean, don’t be a smartass.”
it’s an illusion.  What you should be going for here is
“Did Cap come with you?”
“Guy’s gotta do what a guy’s gotta do,” Tony retorts, angling his head back over his shoulder to kiss Steve again.   He quickly turns it hard and dirty, fucking his tongue in and out of Steve’s mouth and not so subtly pressing his ass back against Steve’s groin, only the thin cotton of his own underwear and the terrycloth of Steve’s towel separating him from what he wants.
Marks fade from Steve’s skin in a matter of hours; he doubts ink would last much longer.
“You’re here because you saw the finished sculpture, aren’t you?” Steve responds with his own question, and Tony nods.  “Then I don’t see why you’re even asking that.”
“Agent.” Tony corrects.  He’d ceased this
“You sure?” Tony presses, even though he’s not entirely sure why he’s doing it. He’s desperate to keep talking. “I make a mean grilled cheese.” He takes a long sip of his drink and he doesn’t think he imagines the way that Steve’s eyes catch on his lips on the edge of the glass or the way Steve’s gaze drops downward to his throat as he swallows.
“Our film.” Steve is the one to repeat Tony’s words now, a rueful smile playing at the corner of his mouth. “I see.”
But he stays where he is as Tony walks over to join him, sitting down in the dark blue armchair closest to Steve’s end of the couch rather than give Steve the distance he so clearly desires.
who he is at all, not really.  If he lets you get to know him even a little, that much becomes painfully obvious.
“Nevermind.”  Tony wanders further, tapping his fingers across the sill as he passes the window, which is propped half-open to cool the joint down.  The night’s too warm for that to do much good though.  He doubts Steve would want to install an air conditioner, if he even knows what one is.  A few potted plants sit on the rusted metal grating of the fire escape; a short clothesline is strung up, white t-shirts pinned and fluttering slightly in the barely there breeze.  He holds back a snort at the thought of Steve likely cleaning them using a washboard in the kitchen sink.
we pals?”  Steve is ever direct.  Tony could
“And like I said, I tinker myself. I mean, granted, it used to be weapons, war machinery, things of that nature, but I’ve re-oriented. Looking to explore new areas and apply my talents elsewhere.”
“Don’t you like it?” Tony asks even though he knows that’s not the problem.  Bucky shifts beside him uncomfortably as Steve stammers, searching for words.
“Bucky,” Steve breathes between kisses. Bucky’s hands go to Steve’s hips, broad and strong over his too-thin waist, and then Bucky pulls him firmly onto his lap. Steve doesn’t fight it; his legs spread easily on either side of Bucky’s strong thighs. He whimpers into Bucky’s mouth as Bucky palms his backside, urging their bodies closer.
Steve pushes all the way with one smooth movement, bottoming out with his hips flush to Tony’s backside. He groans at the tight, wet heat enveloping his length so easily.
“If this is a dream I’m going to cry when I wake up,” Tony mumbles half to himself, half to Steve, kicking off his shoes before they both step out of their pants and fumble toward Steve’s bedroom.
“Well, you better call Bucky and tell him that then, Tony, because I’m pretty sure he thinks he drove you away.”
“Does this happen often?” Steve asks.
calls are a different story, we – Oh Holy Mother of God!”  Bucky stops in his tracks, covering his eyes and turning away.  “I did not see that, I saw nothing!”  He doesn’t leave though, planting his feet and remaining with his back to them and his hand over his face.  “The kitchen, Steve?  I
The fateful meeting at St. John’s Orphan Asylum; the nights scrapping in Hell’s Kitchen; the days scrounging for work that never quite paid all the bills.  He wishes Bucky would remember all the double dates despite the unbearable awkwardness, because Bucky loved to dance, and laugh, and sing, and Steve loved to watch him enjoy life enough for the both of them.
“What would be the point of that.” It’s not really a question. Bucky turns, putting his back to the city, his gaze again coming to rest on Steve. It’s like seeing him as a painting or on TV, perfect but distant. He looks comfortable,
, and Happy gives her a sympathetic look in return.
“It wasn’t a deliberate plan, it’s just what I did.”
“Captain.”  Fury greets him firmly but not without respect, and knocks twice on the metal door, signaling for Natasha to come on out.  She reluctantly pulls away from her quiet conversation.
In fact, JARVIS reminds him the very next morning when he walks into the studio and finds Tony flipping through his sketchbook, waiting for him with a cup of coffee and a box of donuts.
*******
“You know what, I’ll see you later.”
“Vehemently opposed to it.”  Tony smiles, tight-lipped.  Suzanne toddles back with their drinks and Tony raises his eyebrows at Steve over the rim of his mug as he takes a sip of it straight black.  “Basically, all the Avengers would like to know where you are and that you’re safe, but everyone wants to give you your space.  You’re on a team mostly comprised of angsty, anti-social loners.  They think you’ll come back on your own time, when you’re ready.”
“I know, it’s wretched, we can go.”  Tony assures him with a knowing smile.  Steve tries to hide his confusion and disappointment as quickly as he can, but Tony must catch it.  “Oh, shit, you like it?  Rogers, this was supposed to be a joke.  Like a go to Vegas, see Wayne Newton and the Elvis impersonators and the guys with the tigers kind of a kitschy thing to do.”
“You're a sweet thing for trying to make excuses, darling. But that wasn't about the film—that was about your Jimmy.”
He thinks of that wonderful moment when Agent Parsons had come out of Steve’s hospital room and announced that Steve was awake.  He remembers rushing to the door only to find Barnes holding Steve tight, and watching as Steve finally broke down and cried.  Steve refused to break in front of everyone else, but he could fall apart with his friend.  Only with Bucky, only for Bucky.
Tony pulls the drawstring of Steve’s pants all the way loose and drags himself away from Steve’s kiss.  He drops to his knees, stripping Steve’s only article of clothing down his strong legs.  Tony doesn’t stop to look before engulfing Steve’s length, taking as much down as he can in one smooth movement.  He’ll give himself a moment to appraise as soon as he brings Steve to the brink, not willing to risk a moment’s pause for Steve to doubt.
“Where did he…?” Tony mutters to himself as he brushes Thomas’ query aside. There’s no sign of his mystery man on the avenue; he scans the passers-by for those broad shoulders, that lovely head of golden hair, but everyone around him at the moment is dull, useless.
“By the way,
“What’s the plan here, Dr. Ross?”  Steve asks, attempting to stand and not quite getting his feet under him.  He sure hasn’t missed feeling like this, weak and useless, unable to defend himself.  She opens the door and grips him by the arm again, the tightness of her hold betraying her anxiety and impatience.
Steve moves to sit on the edge of the bed, looking up at his best friend through the shag of his bed-mussed hair. He pushes the wayward strands off his forehead. He’s still dressed in last night’s clothes, rumpled and unkempt.
In the next breath, Steve makes clear what he really meant.
Only to return later on with dinner.
*******
“Steve will never forgive you if you hurt Barnes in order to bring him back.” Bruce shouts over the roar of the engines and the wind as they step out onto the helicarrier deck.  Tony activates his wristlets, calling his armor to him, and waits until it’s all locked into place before he responds.
“Should I even bother?” Pepper asks Tony. Seeing the expression on his face, she just sighs, crumples it up and tosses it over her shoulder in mimicry of Tony’s earlier actions.
Steve sits up to let Tony tug his shirt over his head, and Tony pushes him back down into the cushions as soon as the fabric hits the ground.  His fingers find Steve’s nipples and his lips seek out that spot on Steve’s neck that makes him arch and sigh.
“Thought you were going to be on the jogging track,” Tony says by way of greeting, unfolding his arms from over his chest and standing up straight.  One hand fiddles with the knot of his light lavender tie.
Steve chuckles and lets his sunglasses drop back down.  He glances through the large plate glass window of the restaurant, and then at the crowd gathered on the sidewalk.
“Not really.”
Tony remains quiet for a long moment, eyes narrowing ever so slightly as he follows Pepper and Phil weaving their way through the crowd.
doesn’t like him.
Tony doesn’t reply so Steve gets back into fighter’s stance and puts his fists up in proper cover.  He beckons Natasha forward and she obliges him, slipping close and trying to land a hit to his midsection before attempting to use her mind numbing flexibility to hook kick him around the neck.  Luckily he sees it coming and uses her own momentum to send her crashing to the floor.
to, but he’s learned over the years not to – so he opts to slide his palm down over Steve’s thigh instead.
“It’s not weird to set up your ex on a date, is it?” Tony asks, twisting at the waist to look at Steve.
“Maybe. I don’t know.” Tony leaves him unsettled, and if he’s honest with himself, it’s not just because Tony had been rude and arrogant. It’s because despite those things, Steve had still felt drawn to him. That spark of annoyance had lit something else on fire inside of him, something much, much harder to douse.
He imagines it will be far easier to make this walk now than it would have been back then, when he was small and weak.  Back then, when the winter cold would make his asthma kick up just as surely as the spring pollen and the summer heat.
“Or the afternoon.”  Tony kisses Steve’s frown, feels it turn into a smile against his lips.  “Or tomorrow night.”
,” Rhodes emphasizes, which ironically makes Tony even more worried.
One of her legs is folded in close, foot up on the seat of her chair. Her leg is startlingly bare, skin ivory pale and silky smooth. The artist in him feels a pull at its beauty, but it’s not anything more than that. Steve attempts to train his gaze respectfully on her face, but the slinky way she moves makes that difficult.
to work as my executive secretary, there would be a lot of smiling, I guarantee it.”
“Yes?”
“Oh.” Steve feels his face heat again, and he ducks his head in an unsuccessful attempt to hide it. Jan sighs, this time cupping his face gently, her fingers dancing over his cheekbone. He glances at her, caught off guard by the shift in her touch, and finds she's looking at him with a mixture of affection and pity.
“I’ve actually been here fifteen minutes already. I should get a medal.”
“Just down a few floors?”
“And that rates me the cold shoulder.”  It’s not a question, because a question would mean concern, disbelief, perhaps reveal emotional injury and personal investment, and Natasha’s above all that.  It’s just a cool observation, delivered like a sit rep or a comment on the weather.
He pulls back and Steve reaches for him, ready to drag him closer, when Tony instead slips off the couch and sinks to his knees. The sudden shift from Tony’s dry, warm hand to the wet heat of his mouth makes Steve strangle a shout, halfway sitting up from the soft cushions, and his fingers immediately grabbing Tony’s hair.
“Go get dressed, Drill Sergeant.”
“Look up.”  Tony instructs him, pointing to the ceiling.  Steve does, and his breath leaves him in an awed rush.
He’s so on edge that he nearly jumps when the door is finally pulled open.
“JARVIS?  Something nice and slow,” Tony commands loudly and “Because You Loved Me” emanates from Tony’s phone, the sound clear even from inside Tony’s pocket.  Steve chuckles.
“It’s been lovely, gents. We simply
, are apparently having sex.
“Fuck, fuck, sorry. Tony, sorry.” Steve’s hands shake as he lifts them to briefly cover his own face as he winces, ashamed of himself for pushing too far. Tony’s glad for it, though, because he finds himself leaning over Steve, pulling away his hands and reassuring him with a kiss before he has time to second-guess his actions. He might have gone the whole night without daring to kiss him, otherwise.
“What are you working on?”  Steve asks after a beat, though it seemed like he really wanted to say something else.  His brow furrows a little as he makes a vague, hopeless gesture toward Tony’s workbench.
And then she stops hedging.
“Bigger?”
“I…I may have tried to pressure him into taking a job on my film, which he clearly did not want to take,” Tony winces, remembering the increasingly disheartened look on Steve’s face when he’d kept on about it. They’d barely finished making love before Tony had to stupidly open his big mouth and press the issue.
Tony regrets layering his Black Sabbath tee over a long sleeved shirt, but hell, it’d been getting cooler in the city.  He hadn’t planned on Oklahoma when he’d left this morning.
“You weren’t briefed?”
Steve doesn’t reply.  For some reason, he knows he’s not supposed to, which is fine because he doesn’t really have anything intelligent to say.
Bucky leans across Steve now and kisses Tony with surprising force, mouth demanding Tony’s submission to the act. Tony may or may not let out an undignified squeak at the unexpected move, but he quickly adjusts and pushes back, giving as good as he gets.  Steve grunts between them, the intensity of their kiss traveling its way down to the insistent push and drag of their fingers inside his body.
“Scrambled.”
“A slight situation?” Pepper repeats, eyebrows lifting.  She stands up, coming to Tony’s side.  She understands the gravity of the words just as well as he does.
“I thought you’d like it.”  Tony isn’t looking at the sculpture on the ceiling, Tony’s looking at him, and when Steve looks back, he feels an immense rush of gratitude toward Tony for being, well,
“Don't fidget.” Jan pulls his hands back down by his sides. “It ruins the lines. We want Tony to see how fantastic you look. Doesn't he look fantastic, Tony, dear?”
“I’m so sorry, am I intruding on your brooding solitude?”
upset now than ever, yet the thought of Steve and Bucky together only stirs something weird and hot in his belly.
“I mean why you’d give up Iron Man for her.  You’ve given enough.  You have Miss -
Tony glances at Steve to gauge his reaction to the opening titles. He sneaks peeks now and again during the earliest pivotal scenes, much preferring the Steve beside him to the one on screen. During Steve and Wanda’s big love scene, he tries to maintain a cool façade, worried that Steve might, for the first time since the film began, finally return his look and see how flustered he’s becoming.
He breaks the surface fast, spitting water and gasping for air.  He rubs water from his eyes and pushes back his drenched hair from his forehead, struggling to see.
down.  Tony gathers it up along with a couple others, setting them all aside.
“I got us a table next door at Players. Are you hungry? I thought we could do this over dinner.”
“What should I call you, then?”
“Makeup artist? She specializes in those monster movies, so I’m still not sure why you asked for her.” Tony isn’t sure either. Pepper huffs, knowing what his continued silence means. “Thaddeus Ross is a bigwig over at Universal?”
He needs to stop looking backward with such longing, needs to stop trying to fit these new pieces into an old puzzle.  It’s not a good idea and does everyone, both the living and the dead, a grand disservice.
“I hope you realize that now that I’m here, on top of you, on this couch, I don’t plan on moving for quite awhile.”
Tony unfolds his arms and steps down into the sunken living room, glass from the broken windows crunching under his boots; Steve stands, bracing himself for whatever’s about to come next.
Superhumans cannot just be. They cannot just exist. They need oversight; they need to be controlled. They are not people. They are dangerous weapons.
Art is just math, expressed with a different set of symbols.
“We should take a break. I never thought I’d say this, but I’m sick of looking at beautiful women.”
The rest of the apartment is dark, save the overhead light in the kitchen. It bathes Steve in a warm glow as he stands by the sink, alternating between taking small slips of water and turning the glass idly in his hands. He keeps his face downturned and his long eyelashes flutter against his cheeks beautifully, delicately. For so large a man, he seems fragile.
Steve reaches for the business card, wanting this conversation to be over, but he can’t get it without rudely invading Darcy’s space and outright snatching it from her hand.
But he knows when he sees the Captain tomorrow, broad shoulders squared, poised and ready to face another day, whatever Tony’s reasons are for falling apart are just going to seem like excuses.
Once in his bedroom, he shuts the heavy door behind him and leans against the solid wood, catching the breath he wasn't aware he'd lost. Though he doesn't want to think on it, his last night in L.A. comes rushing back.
No one moves.  No one speaks.  Clint sets a hand on his shoulder but Tony can’t feel it through his armor.  There are sirens Dopplering up from the ground now, the NYPD and FDNY evidently deciding any countermand from Fury isn’t going to keep them out.
Natasha silences him with a vicious right hook to the face, sending him directly back into unconsciousness.  Clint helps her heft up his prone form between them.
“Miss Van Dyne – Jan – do you happen to like Italian?”
“It’s
“All right.  You take your shower now, we should get an early start in the a.m.”  His voice shifts into his Captain tone, issuing an order instead of inviting discussion, but it doesn’t make Tony bristle the way it usually does.
…” There is the sound of metal creaking; Steve’s right hand has left Tony’s hair and grabbed Bucky’s arm hard enough to dent it, steel molding like clay underneath the pressure of Steve’s fingers.  Bucky shakes his arm when Steve lets go, metal panels re-aligning with a mechanical whir.
“With what?”
It’s three in the morning when Tony blearily gives up working on his latest project.  He’s sure if he sleeps, the nightmares will come, but he physically can’t keep his eyelids from drooping.  In his younger days he might have done a line of coke and gone back to work, but he’s beyond that kind of stupid shit now.  These days, it’s just caffeine and at this point, coffee is just making him twitchy and uncomfortable.
The Land of Dreams, people called it. Just another lie in a life full of lies. He wishes he had never come back to California at all.
“Ride back home?” Tony asks, pulling Cap in tight and taking off, happily leaving the battle wreckage for SHIELD to clean up.
“Guess I should be glad you’re not a mechanic or I never would’ve caught up with you,” Tony states, still not sure if he’s peeved or concerned about or thrilled with the idea of Steve taking off from New York in the middle of the night without a word to anyone.  “Anyone ever tell you about leaving a note when you take off on your own?
“He’ll just meet up and go anywhere if both Nat and I ask,” Steve remarks, and then looks over Tony’s shoulder to explain their destination to Bucky.  “L’s got a magic show at a club in the East Village.”
Pepper holds his gaze for a moment longer and then something about her seems to shift.  She smiles brokenly.
Steve has no idea what that actually means, but he can take a guess that it somehow involves their friends conspiring to get him and Tony in the same place at the same time without either of them begging off.
“That’s for us to decide. But you need to understand that whatever we do decide, Tony’s a permanent part of the equation.”
“Yeah, I don’t think even I could fake an ounce of cynical disdain now,” Tony replies.  “You’ve fucking ruined me.”
“Hey hey, wait.”  Tony hurries after him, trying to grab his elbow.  “What just happened?”
“Barton and I are still agents, Stark.  You’re…
Tony lifts the drink to his lips, ice cubes rattling.
“What stays between us?” He’s honestly not sure what he just witnessed, his brain still processing the fact that Mr. Stark and Captain America, who until three weeks ago were not even
“Pardon?”
“What?  It’s a lot easier for me in the armor than for you two to do it.”  He clanks off into the tower with Betty following behind.  Clint shrugs.
Tony doesn’t bother to look sheepish.
Rhodey at least has the decency to look sheepish, but he doesn't exactly apologize. Tony waves him off before he tries to obfuscate.
Steve stands from where he’d been bent down by the side of his bike.  He’s stripped down to a pair of weather beaten jeans and a dirt-streaked, formerly white tank.  A few days’ worth of beard obscures his sharp jaw line, a shade darker than his unusually messy blonde hair.  There’s a streak of motor oil on his left bicep, a smudge above his right brow.  His dog tags hang loose outside of his shirt, glinting in the sunlight, and it strikes Tony that it’s the first time he’s ever seen Steve wearing them.
“Hello to you too, lovely,” Tony says. He imagines Bucky clutching the note in his metal fist, crushing it in his grip. “As I wrote, I’m heading out of town.” He leans against the wall of the cabin, ducking down a little to look out one of the small, thick windows at the dark clouds passing below. It will be quite late in London when he arrives, and it must just be getting dark in New York. Steve surely must have tried to talk to Bucky by now. “Have you seen Steve?”
But he doesn't.
“This elevator is private when in use,” Tony mentions casually, as if it were merely an interesting piece of trivia and not a clear invitation. Steve’s grip tightens. Tony places a hand over his and slowly urges Steve’s arm all the way around his waist. Something close to a whimper escapes Steve’s lips when the bulge between his legs nestles perfectly against the small of Tony’s back. Just hard enough to seem purposeful, Tony rubs against him through their clothes, excited by Steve’s obvious arousal.
“And this is why you haven’t been going out much?”
“So that can't be the reason, if he doesn’t know about us.”
Tony knows that if Steve’s still awake and working this late at night, he’d probably like to be left alone to continue.  It’s usually how it goes.  But Tony wants nothing more than for Steve to come to bed with him.
“I just…” Steve touches his own chest.  “I was thinking about it, is all.  Do you ever wish it was still there?”
“Hot.”  Natasha agilely hops down from the counter, bare feet landing on linoleum with an almost dainty grace.  For all Tony’s taught himself and made for himself, he still moves like a machine when he’s in the suit.  A well oiled and elegantly designed machine, but a machine nonetheless.
“I wish you could stay,” Steve whispers when they finally part, and the way he says it, dreamy but sad, breaks Tony’s heart.
He hands them their glasses and retrieves his from atop the piano, lifting it in their direction. Then he gestures toward the sofa, inviting them to sit. He sprawls out on his mother’s old chaise lounge, the pink velvet soft and worn to the touch.
“Steve, I…I don’t wanna do this at all if I only get to have you for a few days. If you’re just gonna go back to him like nothing at all ever happened…I’m tellin’ you right now, I won’t be able to handle that.”
“I’ve been worse.”  Tony states, thinking of the days of binge drinking and weekend long bacchanals, the depths of the palladium debacle, the one thousand and one times he’d pulled all-nighters on his latest and greatest idea.  But Pepper shakes her head.
He's still got his chin tucked over Steve's shoulder, and he finds himself oddly transfixed by the blurry red numbers on the digital alarm clock on their nightstand, so innocuous next to the stack of Steve's books and the art deco table lamp they'd picked out together at some flea market in Chelsea. The day they got it had been so hopelessly domestic and couple-y that Tony was sure that ten years ago he would've hated doing it—if he had even been convinced to go in the first place—but now he nearly smiles every time he turns on the damn light.
“Bucky,” Steve chuckles.
The metal bar hangs from the wall now, torn loose at one end and the plaster crumbling. Dazed, he manages to keep Tony from teetering while getting his left hand to the back of Tony’s head. He’d broken the mirror, yes, but despite splintering out from the point of impact, the whole thing had stayed together. No shards have come loose to catch in Tony’s hair or cut his scalp, though he might have a bit of a bump there tomorrow just from hitting his skull so hard. Steve runs his fingers over the spot gently and tips Tony’s face up toward his.
“They took ‘em down for a whole buncha years, then did a restoration a few years back.  I never really noticed ‘em much.  Pretty sure the last time I was down here, I was making out with some supermodel.”  Tony must mistake his appalled expression as a cry for more details.  “They were having a photo shoot out at the fountain, it was like fish in a barrel, I couldn’t help myself.  The
He remembers that night in Malibu when he woke to find he’d called the armor in his sleep, terrifying Pepper enough to leave him sitting alone in bed, soaked in his own sweat and trembling in fear and panic.  He couldn’t blame her for walking away, but that moment hangs in the back of his head as some kind of warning that this may be the one thing she can’t handle.
“I don’t think-“
“Yeah,
But the rats down on the Manhattan-bound track are starting to scurry back to their hiding places, signaling the rumbling train approaching, so Steve reluctantly pulls back from his boyfriend.
“Of course I haven’t. I’ve been hiding out, avoiding him ever since I saw this idiotic note you left. He knows about this? Steve—Steve Rogers, our Steve—he said this was okay?”
Los Angeles is quiet this early in the morning. When Steve started his roadwork, the sun had yet to rise and the streets were empty. He’d arrived at Griffith Park just as dawn was cresting blue and pink against the muddy sky. The dilapidated Hollywoodland sign is barely visible through the morning haze as he pauses in front of the observatory to stretch for a moment before heading back down the hill.
“Thor’s back,” Clint tells him needlessly.  “And he’s discovered Toaster Strudel.”
“Barnes was recovered by a team from the USSR and cryogenically frozen.  That’s a little like what happened to you except absolutely intentional,” Natasha explains before he even has time to be confused by her terminology.  “The Winter Soldier was first activated during the Cold War and then disappeared off the map in the early 1990s after the wall came down.  Some years later, he turned up in the Middle East, Northern Africa, China.  It was at this time that I first became aware of him myself.  He was pretty much a legend, a bedtime story that they would tell us.  The ultimate assassin.”
He picks up the bag containing his clothes from the night before and tosses it over his shoulder.
as it can get.   Steve nods, though he’s not entirely sure if that’s what he wants or if that’s just the first thing that came to mind that would throw Tony for a loop.  Tony tugs Steve’s suit coat to sit straight on his shoulders and then steps away.  “Your first time in Sin City and you really want to go out and get…grilled cheese.”
Steve’s smile is beautiful, brilliant with relief.  He presses one brief, fleeting kiss to Tony’s lips and then hesitates, eyes catching Tony’s as if looking for direction.  He must find what he needs because Steve lowers again to meet his mouth and the whole mood of the kiss shifts.  Steve pulls him in tightly and they slant together, tongues sliding deep and mouths seeking more than is possible with a single kiss.
“Idiot at your three o’clock.”
But Steve clenches hard around him, so tight, so good, pulling his orgasm from him whether he wanted to let go or not. Tony’s teeth cut sharply into his bottom lip as he stifles his shout.
Bucky answers this by stepping into Steve’s embrace. He looks over Steve’s shoulder at Tony, and doesn’t waver in meeting the other man’s cold stare.
…the old unit got a little…destroyed?”  He makes a vague gesture of his own toward the twisted heap of scrap metal that the Mark VIII has now become.  The various pieces are laid out on another table; there’s little he can salvage.  “Yeah, I guess destroyed is the right word.”
Positive reinforcement like Steve whispering his name and pushing in from behind, his slow upward thrust lifting Tony onto the tips of his toes.  He braces himself against the counter, hands flat against the smooth granite.  The cool surface warms quickly underneath his palms.
“It’s not really that funny.”
It feels like someone took his heart in their hands and twisted.  Bucky.  Alive.  Tears sting his eyes.  He quickly blinks them away and tries to focus through the tightening in his chest.
“I only mean that you, of all parties interested and concerned and willing, are maybe not the best choice for this.  You know your head’s a mess when it comes to him.”
“So glad you were here to provide. How much will this run me?” Tony's tone is tired and disaffected, and Steve bites his bottom lip sharply to keep from physically wincing. But his whole body tenses up just the same and Jan must feel it as she runs her hands over his shoulders.
“Pepper, I love you dearly, but can we save this scolding for a later time? Perhaps for when I do more than walk a young lady to her car?”
why you brought me back a stuffed chicken from your guest spot on
“Captain Rogers.  Please take a seat.  We need to have a word.”
“Oh that’s how it is.” He starts backing toward the door.
As he slides the pan onto one of the cold burners, he considers asking exactly what Tony had shared with Pepper about what happened on the fire escape.
“I didn’t mean it like that.”  Steve’s frustrated, and Tony knows exactly how he feels.  He’d be better off banging his head against a wall.  “I know what Pepper means to you and I thought maybe if I could make her see –”
His fingers itch to disrespect Steve’s boundaries so he glances out the window seeking a diversion, taking in the city as they fly over Roosevelt Island and the Queensboro Bridge.  To his left, the tower fits into a nice little space between the Empire and the Chrysler, slotting into the skyline like it was always meant to be there.
, you mean something between you and me, right?” Bucky takes another careful step toward him, his hands still in his pockets.
Steve really is beautiful, for lack of a less corny word.  He’s wearing dark, broken in jeans and one of those faded grey t-shirts that accentuate his bulging muscles, but it’s the bare feet and slightly mussed hair that do Tony in.  He looks
“Well, I’m sure your mother was a wonderful woman.” Pepper looks at him strangely, narrowing her eyes as if she’s puzzling something out.  It occurs to Steve that maybe that was the wrong thing to say; he knows nothing about Pepper’s parents or her relationship with them.  “Oh, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have presumed to say anything-“
“I’m sorry that I couldn’t…” Bucky reaches out, like he wants to touch, but stops halfway through the movement.  Steve backs away to put some space between them.
But even if he and Steve are loud enough to shake the walls, no one will dare speak a word of it. This is where the rich and famous go when they need their secrets kept.
“I see you found him some clothes on your own,” Pepper comments to Tony as Steve finally reaches them.  He doesn’t look that surprised to see Pepper, which is weird because Tony never mentioned that she’d be showing up.
He just
“Pepper and Phil make a great deal of sense, Tony.”  They really do, now that he thinks about it.  Except…Phil’s line of work is only slightly less dangerous than Tony’s, and that doesn’t actually make sense where Pepper is concerned.  Everyone thought Tony died last year – Phil actually
Steve knows his grin must look incredibly goofy, but he can’t stop it from spreading across his face.
“Fucking hell, Barnes,
“Yeah, and, if you’ll excuse me, Steve, that ‘gentleman’ has the
“You really haven’t changed at all, Rogers.  Not one bit.”
Natasha casually tosses a red and white striped towel over the mess. She arches an eyebrow at him as she takes a sip from her own mug, evidently choosing to keep her thoughts to herself.
