“Fine,” said Sam, huffing. He rose to his feet and hefted his pack to his shoulder, unclipping a rolled sleeping bag from the bottom. “I’m gonna crash. You should talk to Cas about the plan.” He looked over at Castiel and mustered a smile. “Glad you’re okay, man.”
Dean laughed lightly through his nose. “Yeah,” he said, embarrassed, and began making his way to the bathroom, stepping over broken chunks of record player. He side-eyed the pool of his vomit and cringed, then slipped into the bathroom and gently closed the door.
A shiver of pleasure and nerves ran through Dean’s blood. “Again?” was all he managed to reply, voice a strangled whisper.
“Belial doesn’t care about people,” said Sam. “He didn’t fall because he hated humanity. He was called the ‘Angel of Darkness,’ tasked with standing guard outside the gates of Hell after Lucifer’s rebellion. You could argue that he didn’t really fall at all—he was created with darkness in him because of his purpose—I mean, an angel whose only job was to watch over Hell, forever? Who wouldn’t go off the rails?”
“I’ll text him,” Dean deflected, and Sam threw up his hands. “Claire’s at school keeping an eye out. Apparently, it’s pep rally day. Go Vikings,” he added, deadpan.
Castiel sighed long through his nose. “I know,” he said. “We found some of Michael’s grace. That’s a long story in itself. When we couldn’t get you out by other means we decided to use his grace as leverage. The best way to do that would be to ensure he couldn’t get it back without a fight.”
“Oh,” said Castiel again. He stared at Dean, then leaned back on his hands to look out over the water. “What does that mean?”
“I am,” said Dean, and he cringed with embarrassment. He looked up to find Castiel staring at him, and he broke. “Marry me, Cas—Castiel. Please. If you want to,” he forced out, voice almost a whisper.
Dean grappled for a hold on Castiel’s back as his lover began a gentle, slow bounce. “Oh—god, Cas, I—” He began, but Castiel cut him off.
Castiel blew out a breath through his nose. “Think about the moments this has been at its worst,” he said quietly. “It’s when I’m worked up.”
“Mhmm,” said Dean, finally looking back to Castiel, then down to the duffel bag in his lap. “Whatcha got?”
“Like you, I did what was necessary,” said Castiel tensely. His eyes had stopped leaking for the moment, and he looked at Dean again. “I’ll be fine.”
“I can’t believe I’m saying this,” said Rowena, eyes fluttering. “But that’s where I come in.” The boys looked over, and she went on. “When it ‘goes down,’ as you say, I’ll be there throwing as many spells at Michael as I can—binding, weakening, et cetera—to give Feathers an opening to get Michael while he’s down.”
Dean looked from the faceless figure to Cas’s eyes, still watering. Cas shook his head, and Dean’s own eyes filled with tears. “I’m sorry,” he said, cracking. Cas tried to shake his head harder, but the shadow’s hand held him firm. “I’m sorry. I won’t—I told you, I can’t lose you again. I’m sorry. I love you.” Cas made a strangled noise in his throat, but before he could protest too long, Dean set his resolve. He looked at the shadow of Michael. “Yes,” he said simply.
“Because he’s—wait,” said Sam, blinking. “How do you know about Power of Attorney?” he asked Jack, bewildered.
Castiel stepped forward, happily, content to let himself be pulled forward to breakfast, an angry brother-in-law, a laughing son—whatever future was waiting for him with Dean just across the rose-colored hall.
“Enough!” yelled Michael, and as he held out a hand the last of the flames died down, leaving a smoldering black circle on the warehouse floor. “He’s enjoying himself. Why can’t you just let him—oh. OH! Oh, this is
“It’s perfect, Jack,” said Castiel, clapping the teen on the shoulder with a proud grin. “Should we drink?”
Dean conceded the point in silence with a lift of his eyebrows, snatching the whiskey and heading to the couch, where he flopped down to drink in moody silence. Castiel slid into a chair beside Claire and rubbed his temple.
Briefly, Castiel let himself feel awed and wistful. “It’s as it was in the beginning,” he murmured, unable to look away. “When the whole of Earth was the Garden of Eden.”
“Just—this,” said Dean, ticking his head to indicate the Impala. “All of this. Three weeks ago I kissed you, right there,” he pulled loose an arm to point to the front seat, “and you like, exploded, and then you were human, and…the lake, and the ring, and we—here, and then the party, and Michael, and Belial, and Eden, and now—now we’re back here in this damn garage where I almost lost you the first time, and you’ve got archangel grace in you just like you did then, and—” Dean lifted both his hands now to press the heels of his palms hard into his eye sockets. “…and the whole time, the
Dean hummed and pulled Castiel’s hand up to mirror the gesture, planting a kiss along the angel’s knuckles and giving his fingers a squeeze. “Wish I had a better one for you,” he said, gaze flitting down to Castiel’s simple silver ring. “Just picked that one up at the pawn shop.”
“Hope this is a good time, Cas,” he grumbled to himself, striking a match. He dropped it into the bowl and the herbs began to smolder. It was anticlimactic; no burst of flame or light, just the slow curling of leaves and flowers giving way to heat. Dean watched the smoking contents expectantly, hopefully. He worked his jaw until the pain shot up into his ears. The fire burned low for all of a minute, consumed everything in the bowl to ash. When there was nothing left but faintly glowing embers in the soot, Dean sighed and hunched over the desk in defeat.
“Do not,” said Dean again as Castiel set off into the woods, the brothers tagging along beside him. “I sleep in my car and eat garbage literally all the time.”
“I don’t know who that is,” said Castiel. “But yes, we’re home, in one of the spare rooms.” He rubbed his thumbs over Dean’s cheekbones then pulled away, rising to his feet. He extended a hand to Dean. “Come on. You need to eat something, and I need to put Sam in a bed.”
Castiel peered over at Sam. Dean’s fingers flinched just slightly tighter around his own. “Because what?”
“Well, it’s—he’ll be human when it burns out, but it’ll only be for a second,” said Sam, his brows knitting. “His grace is right downstairs, I don’t understand—”
When they arrived at their fake home, they found Claire lounging at the bare kitchen table drinking a beer, the remainder of the six-pack and a handle of cheap whiskey to her left.
“Honestly? Mostly the same as what happens out here,” said Dean with a shrug. He paced over to the chair and sat down again, watching Castiel. “Less hunting. Less danger. Enough to keep it realistic, I guess. Keep me from questioning it. We were all here—you, Mom, and Jack. And Cas.” He took a sip from his drink. “Dad was alive, but we didn’t talk. You and Mom didn’t talk to him either.”
Castiel obliged, leaning down to plant a soft kiss on Dean’s lips. “You know me,” said Castiel. He furrowed his brows and repeated Dean’s words from long ago, tone playfully serious, “A baby in a trench coat.”
“I wasn’t planning on keeping you more than a few hours,” Castiel assured, smiling at Dean. “I just—I wanted you alone. As alone as I could get you on this planet.”
Sam turned to look at Jack, placing a hand on his shoulder. “So,” he said. “Wanna plan a surprise party?”
“I also sent out a message to divert all ships in the area,” Castiel admitted, grinning a bit sheepishly. He tapped his temple. “Angel radio. It’s good for a few things.”
The last thing Dean saw was Castiel rising, closing in on him like a rabid animal, and a pair of bright blue eyes looking into his as if he were a stranger.
Jack had just sunk a knife down into the unfortunate-looking cake when he startled himself straight. “Oh! Music. I should turn it up.” He bolted to the radio plugged into the wall, and Dean used the opportunity to hiss at Castiel.
Castiel brushed his hand from Dean’s cheek up into his hair, sweeping his fingers over Dean’s ear, down the back of his neck—and then Dean involuntarily broke the kiss with a violent, whole-body shiver. Castiel blinked at him, then offered a gentle smile. “Let’s get you warm,” he said softly, and then teased as he stood and held out a hand, “You’re so cold you aren’t even blushing.”
Dean’s hands pushed Castiel into the earth, unwound the arms from his neck to wind their fingers together and pin Castiel’s hands above his head as he slowly sped up his rhythm, making hard, lush love in the soft grass. He tried to keep Castiel from sliding, but it felt as if the ground moved beneath them with every thrust.
“In truth, I’m not sure,” admitted Castiel. “Theoretically, since we’re still celestial beings, we go to the Empty. But if we lived long enough as humans, it could be that Heaven would recognize us,” he said, then paused, “…or Hell.”
Castiel’s head whipped around and his blue eyes blew themselves wide, chapped lips parting, but making no sound. He looked from Claire, who wore an expression of extreme self-pleasure, to Dean, who was making a face and unintelligible mocking noises at the girl before barking, “Go to your room” without seeming to realize what he’d done. Until Claire snorted and turned to bound up the stairs, and Dean’s face clouded over in a moment of bizarre self-reflection.
“Okay,” Castiel said, dipping a single nod, eyes still locked on Dean. He watched as the hunter grappled with something large, but invisible, like he was wrestling a tentacled creature trapped in the confines of his body, only able to be vanquished by sheer force of will. Castiel had been alive (barring a few mishaps) for eons, had seen millennia pass in the blink of an eye, and yet the seconds that stretched before him now, waiting for Dean, seemed the longest he’d ever known.
want that,” said Rowena. She grinned and strode gracefully over to a little plastic table, bolted to the floor, and lowered herself into one of the chairs. “Secondly,” she continued, lifting the vial of grace from a fold in her gown, “This is like our own little Michael homing pigeon. Just one speck of this in a spell and we’ll know exactly where he is the moment he’s there.” She set the vial on the table. It cast a mesmerizing ring of light around it, and everyone stared.
Castiel said nothing. He turned on a heel, coat billowing behind him, and closed the dungeon door on the sound of Dean’s echoing laughter. He called Sam to tell him it was time for another injection.
After the incident, Rowena had gone off the grid, enjoying her newfound freedom from Lucifer. But in late September, Sam’s phone rang, and Rowena said there was “static” coming off New Orleans in waves, and it hadn’t let up for weeks. The credit card trails had largely gone dead—Michael didn’t need to eat or sleep. Every now and then they’d find a hotel charge, but the pendulum alerted them quickly that Michael hadn’t stayed there long. When Rowena called, Sam pulled up the records again and found a large deposit to rent out an empty warehouse in the New Orleans business district, right beside the water. The map placed Michael somewhere in Northern California, but if he’d paid for the warehouse, Sam figured he’d been making trips back there—probably in the middle of the night, which is why they hadn’t noticed the repeated Louisiana pit stops. When he figured it out, Sam bolted for the library where Castiel was digging through whatever lore he could find on expelling archangels from hosts. It only took three words to get Castiel on his feet: “We got him.”
In the kitchen, Dean sighed, and Sam saw his shoulders slump as he opened the fridge door, pulling out two beers, then hesitating, and snagging a third.
“Cas?” Dean asked again, quietly, and his eyelids began to droop. His chin tipped forward, and despite a chorus of his name and
Sam took the paper, nodding. “Yep. Let’s go—not you,” he amended when Dean and Castiel moved to join him. “Claire and I can handle one witch. You two go and—I don’t know. Work your shit out.”
Even still, the trip went by quickly. He was at the liquor store in twenty minutes and knew where the whiskey he liked was by heart. He had two big bottles in hand in thirty seconds and was checking out within thirty seconds more. To kill some more time, he dropped those in the car and went back inside to peruse the beer cooler, but even then, he found what he wanted within minutes, and before a half hour had passed since he left the bunker, he had more than what he needed and was ready to make the drive home.
“Dude, come on,” said Sam. He stepped around to stay in Dean’s line of sight. “I saw—” he began, then lowered his voice. “Cas is wearing that ring. So
Castiel sucked in a breath and reached up to touch his cheek. Sure enough, it was wet, and when he pulled down his hand to look at it tears mingled with dark ash on his fingertips, making liquid black.
Sam tried to intercept Jack, but Jack beat him to it: “He wanted to see how long it would be before your normal bickering sounded like married bickering.”
Dean mouthed in exaggerated annoyance when Rowena turned her head. A zap of electricity shocked him on the back of his head, startling out of him a lowly audible “Ouch!”
“When you told him about you and Cas,” rejoined Sam. He arched a brow, and Dean could hear fear entering his voice, too. “He said some awful things… It was really ugly. Do you—do you not remember?”
Castiel was sure this was where the fantasy would end—things would get too real for Dean and he’d back away, and Castiel would see the mirror of his own hurt and shame played out in front of him. He braced himself for the vicarious pain, already feeling the familiar, pre-existing tendrils of it clawing at his heart, but to his shock they halted: Dean had followed and was crawling on top of dream Cas in his bed.
“Dean, you’re soaked. And freezing. At least—” Sam sighed through his nose. “At least let me hold him for a sec and take off the flannel?”
Dean rolled his eyes and settled beside Castiel, stripping out of his top layer of flannel. “So, what’s Epicureanism?” He tossed the flannel over to the hamper. It missed, landing in a lump on the floor nearby, but Dean paid it no mind.
“Here,” answered Sam from behind, sounding just as sick. Dean turned around to find a wide grin on his brother’s face. “Where to next?”
On the other end of the tub, Sam released Castiel’s legs, though they stayed down, the fabric of his trousers soaked through and heavy. “Dean…”
Dean hung up the phone and pushed the Impala harder, scowling out the windshield into the last rays of sunlight the day had to offer.
Once it was silent, Dean let himself sigh. He looked down at Castiel and frowned. “Back for round two of ‘make sure Cas wakes up,’ I guess.”
“Hey Cas,” he clapped the angel easily on the shoulder—that kind of touch, at least, was familiar, “We should be getting home. Claire’ll burn the kitchen down if she has to cook her own dinner.”
“Good point,” said Sam. “Maybe—maybe we do both rituals at the same time?” Dean scowled at him, but Sam shrugged him off. “We brought extra supplies.”
A long silence settled over the living room, and Castiel resisted the urge to reach out and touch the hunter, place a hand on his knee, caress the almost-faded scars on his cheek. But he didn’t; instead, he breathed out a quiet, “Dean, I—“ but was cut off.
“Shh—Sammy!” Dean warned, pulling back a bit to hiss at Castiel, though his own voice was fraught and broken with pleasure.
More than that, Sam and Jack kept sneaking off to whisper with each other behind closed doors, and Dean was still Dean—meaning he still needed an hour or two alone every day—so Castiel found himself wandering the empty bunker alone, poking through books and feeling frustrated he couldn’t read them as quickly as he could with his grace. Everyone but him seemed perfectly content to stay inside, but Castiel was climbing the walls. So on the fifth day he broke the rules and started trawling the local news and police scanners for a case. He even considered calling Mary and breaking the news to her about Dean’s return—but they’d wanted to keep her out of it until this thing with the grace was settled. And anyway, Sam had hinted she needed the time away with the other Bobby.
“Do you not understand what just happened here?” growled Castiel through his teeth. He rose to stalk towards Sam and Jack, leaning into their personal space, and Sam was reminded of a Castiel from years ago, full of righteous fury. “I don’t know if you noticed, but he’s gone, Sam. Michael is gone, and this place was our one lead. Do you think he’ll be back here? Do you think he’ll make the mistake of staying in one place again?”
Dean picked his way across the floor, littered in flannels and overturned boxes. He crouched next to the crate of vinyls that
“Oh,” said Castiel. He hesitated, then added softly, sadly, “I wish it didn’t have to be like that.”
“It burns me up, and I die,” said Castiel simply. “Or we extract it, and I probably die, or at best become human.”
“Ahhh!” Sam hissed, trying to draw back instinctively, but Rowena lifted his hand and directed it over the goblet to let the blood trickle inside. “You could’ve warned me!”
Castiel nodded, slowing as he rounded a wide bend. The road straightened, and the trees opened into a wide grassland, glowing golden in the early morning light. “A phantom ache,” he said. “That’s what humans call it when they lose a limb, but can still feel it hurting.”
Dean’s cheeks flared red and he looked up at Sam, but his brother brushed it off and continued. “Anyway, Belial was the leader of one of the most powerful companies, second only to Lucifer’s own, called the Sons of Darkness.”
“Come sit,” said Sam from the map table, pushing out a chair near him with his foot. “It’s complicated. But I think it’ll work.”
Sam turned to face him just in time to see the kid accidentally jab the tip of his knife into a finger. “Hey, slow—” He sighed and set the pan of sizzling onions aside. “Okay. Let’s clean that up and go get the table ready, huh?”
The room dissolved into silence as they scoured the books, only interrupted by Castiel’s labored breathing and pained grunts. It only lasted for ten minutes before the sound of a slamming door echoed through the bunker, followed by a shout.
Dean didn’t know how, but suddenly he found himself on his back again, Castiel above him. “I want to see you,” Castiel panted, and his thrusts slowed again to a deep, steady grind, though not as slow as they began. He appeared to be thinking, and then with a subtle shift of his hips, Castiel’s angle changed, and Dean was lost, a loud sound of pleasure tearing itself from his throat as his back arched hard into the soft sand beneath the blanket, fingers clawing at the fabric. His whole body shook as Castiel coaxed him through his climax, and before he had finished, he felt the angel’s heat pulsing inside him. Castiel’s mouth fell open and Dean thought he might be screaming, but instead there was a low sound like the rumble of thunder, and above him lightning flashed blue and bright across the cloudless, starry sky, illuminating the shadows of Castiel’s wide, invisible wings.
Dean grinned and adjusted his hand to hold their erections together, stroking slowly, as he went back in for another greedy kiss. A few minutes went by, and when Castiel started to shake, Dean released them, nodding, and Castiel carefully worked another finger inside. Dean tensed and moaned as Castiel worked him open, and he rocked slowly back onto Castiel’s hand. A few more minutes, and he opened his eyes to pull his lips back from Castiel’s and look him in the eye. “You okay?”
Dean was quiet for a long moment. Acid churned in his stomach and bubbled its way slowly up his throat, burning the base of his tongue. He tried to keep his feelings under wraps, but he’d felt like this was coming, and he clenched his teeth—his jaw flinched, and Castiel caught the minor twitch in the muscle.
“Mmm. Better,” said Dean, eyes closed. He didn’t open them, but tensed just barely, and began, “Cas, is this—”
weren’t his and started thumbing through them anyway. Hallucination or not, if he had a record player in this world, he was damn well going to enjoy his time with it while he tried to figure this shit out. He pulled out a blue sleeve covered in strange looking people in robes, set it on the turntable, and dropped the tone arm carelessly somewhere in the middle of the record.
Sam and Jack stood staring slack-jawed at Castiel as his shoulders heaved with rage. His face was coated in a thin layer of ash from standing too close to the fire, and though he was no longer crying, the evidence of tears was in the clean lines carving through the soot on his cheeks. He started to pace around the burnt circle on the floor.
Dean laced his fingers tightly across Castiel’s chest, and he shivered as the water displaced with his movement to lap the arms of his t-shirt. Still, he simply sighed and rested his forehead back into Castiel’s hair. Dean sat this way in silence for a few minutes, staring blanking into the darkness of the angel’s hair. A memory flashed through his mind, and he closed his eyes.
“Great,” said Sam. He brought the cups of coffee over and slid one over to Cas before seating himself as well. Cas dipped his chin in thanks and lifted the mug to his lips, sighing through his nose as he sipped the hot liquid. “That do anything for you?”
“It’s okay to need space, Cas,” said Dean, leaning to kiss Castiel’s hair before he rose. “Don’t I ask for that too?”
“Damnit,” Dean grumbled to himself. He tossed his phone aside again and let the panic fade into guilt as he eased up on the gas pedal. Dean drove the rest of the way back to the bunker in silence. In the glove compartment, the burner phones kept vibrating, the sound following him like flies.
“Mmm,” was Dean’s answer. He lifted his chin as Castiel pulled him in, sucking kisses into the side of his neck. When he reached Castiel’s jaw Dean paused, turning suddenly to tug an earlobe between his teeth, sending Castiel over the edge.
“Were you?” said Dean, hooding his eyes. He reached out his free hand to clutch at the small of Castiel’s back, pulling him flush.
Dean lifted his head to press his cheek against dream Cas’s and speak low in his ear. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he said, barely audible above the music.
“Alright, enough,” Dean finally interjected gruffly. “You’ve been grilling the poor guy for hours, Sam.”
Jack nodded and skirted to the corner of the room with Sam’s phone, dialing. In the background while he made quiet conversation with Rowena, Sam located the correct bottle.
Castiel stepped out of the tub, seemingly unbothered by the cold, and dripped his way over to a cabinet to pull out a couple towels while Dean stared down at his hands. He tried to wiggle his fingers, but they wouldn’t move, and he realized all the skin he could see of his arms was a pale, blueish white. Castiel scruffed one towel over his hair as he returned to Dean, then threw that one over his shoulder as he knelt before Dean’s chair, wrapping the other around him like a blanket.
“He can’t see me,” Castiel assured. “He’s listening for Heaven. This world vibrates like it and it’s hard to pick out the difference, I think.” He peered over his shoulder just to be sure, then looked back, and then down to their feet. “Dean, what’s that?”
Dean finally emerged from his room and snagged a few books from the War Room table. No one said anything when he retreated to the library to read them, alone and in silence, in front of the growing crystal’s soft purple light.
“Guys, go clean up,” repeated Sam. “Get something to eat if you want it and then come downstairs to the medical room. I’ll be there with Rowena.” Dean and Castiel stood there in silence, and Sam sighed, pointing down the hall. “Go!”
Castiel stared down at Dean and pushed wet hair from Dean’s eyes as Dean pulled back from the kiss, then threw back his head and laughed, deep and loud. Dean smiled up at him, blinking in the rain, and then released Castiel to pat him on the thigh.
Dean couldn’t sleep. When he tried, he saw Belial in his dreams—or worse, Castiel’s lifeless body, bleeding on the ground from a gunshot wound to the head. So while the others slept, Dean prepared, and when everyone woke up the next morning it was all ready to go—the spell to summon Belial, packed bags of weapons, food, and water, and hung the Seal of Solomon on a chain around his neck. He even cooked a full breakfast and had it waiting so there’d be no reason to delay. Today was the day they rescued Castiel, and he wasn’t putting it off a second longer than he had to.
“Careful what you wish for,” answered Rowena. She turned back to her book. “There’s nothing you can do but wait. It would be wise to find a distraction.”
The first time, they’ve just arrived in Purgatory. There’s a small gust of wind, the sound of feathers, and when Dean turns around, Castiel is gone. Dean doesn’t know why he’s disappeared, and he doesn’t feel the barely-there brush of an angel’s kiss on his cheek, disguised by the puff of breeze.
Light poured blindingly into heavy shadows of the warehouse, the large windows on the wrong side of the sun to let in much natural light. It worked in Dean’s and Castiel’s favor, momentarily; the sudden brightness was briefly disorienting to those inside, and it gave the pair just enough time to find cover against the wall behind some concrete blocks before the door swung shut and buried them in the dusk-like darkness once more. Castiel’s angelic vision saw the problem before Dean, and while the hunter’s eyes adjusted, he described the situation at hand.
“Look at me,” said Cas, and he reached up to gently grip Dean’s chin and angle his face back towards his, but when he did his own expression darkened. “Dean,” he scooted to a seat, resting against the headboard, and took Dean’s face in both his hands, eyes searching. “Thought you heard what? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” He paused. “Though I suppose that’s not uncommon in your line of work.”
“Come on, man. I’m not playing this game.” Dean stepped to try and snatch the compass again, but Sam backstepped even further.
“STOP!” Castiel roared for the second time, and an unbidden blue light shone out from his eyes and palms, filling the room. The shadow of large, tattered wings sprung from his back. Behind him, though he didn’t see, Jack and Sam hunched down to shield their eyes.
“I’ll always take care of you,” Castiel said, quoting Dean’s words from what seemed like a lifetime ago back to him. He stiffened a bit, and added, more seriously, “And I’ll never hurt you. I won’t ever give you reason to be afraid of me.”
Castiel gave a hapless shrug, twisting off the bottle’s top. “I miss my wings. I’m still an angel, but less. I’m  more human than most. Not many of us get to have a body of our own, and it—oh, Claire, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean—”
Dean stopped short when he saw Sam and sucked in a breath when Castiel stood and turned to face him. He stared, drinking Castiel in without meaning to, and Sam cleared his throat.
The contrast of the warm air and cool water was mesmerizing, and Dean watched the stars in a kind of trance. For once, the thorny fear that usually encircled his heart and made him afraid to feel anything good was gone—or at the very least it was further away, or the barbs less sharp. Contentment wasn’t something he’d often let himself indulge, much less happiness, or peace. Dean had his creature comforts, of course, but this wasn’t the same. This tranquility was like a salve, or a shot of good whiskey; it healed him and warmed him up from the inside. He closed his eyes and reveled in the feeling, the anonymity of this place, and let his body sway with the movement of the ocean. Dean felt a strange tug in his gut: the sudden desire to be as weightless as his heart felt, and he let his knees unlock, the waves gently sweeping his feet from beneath him, and he slipped beneath the water. Holding his breath, he went limp, letting the gentle current move him at its will, reveling in the sensation of timelessness, placelessness, the liminality of briefly forgetting up from down, east from west.
Dean smiled, just barely, and stepped back from the door, continuing on down the hallway, sipping his beer. When he got to the Dean Cave he sank hard into his favorite recliner and turned on the TV to some old, black and white Western, but he wasn’t paying attention. He sat and stared at the screen, but thought about Castiel while he drank his beer, and eventually, without meaning to, he slipped into a deep, exhausted sleep.
Sam watched Castiel carefully, silently, and finally nodded. “Love, being human—it’s complicated,” he said softly. “More complicated, I’d assume, when you’re not human to begin with. How are you—”
The shadow disappeared, and Cas crumpled to the ground in the mist. Dean took one running step toward him, the concrete suddenly gone, but he was punched backwards by Michael’s grace slamming itself down his throat. The heat of it was brilliant in contrast to the cold, and Dean felt the familiar ache of it wrapping itself around his brain. In a second it was over, and Michael was once again inside.
“When’d you get a frisbee?” Dean asked when Sam returned, sliding into one of the chairs beside him at the rickety, round table they’d dragged out from storage.
Castiel simply tilted his head in response. A few more parents trickled in, some singles, some in pairs, and then a short older woman with a bob stood up at the front, calling the meeting to order.
She tilted her head toward a few stalks laden with bell-shaped white flowers at the far end of the table. “Be a dear and hand me those before you go?”
“After my own heart,” said Dean. He drained the rest of his champagne and set down the glass, rising from his seat. “Anybody else?”
Michael rolled his eyes and brushed past Castiel. “There’s no need for dramatics, Castiel,” he drawled. “Come, walk with me.”
Dean snorted again. “Okay, whatever.” He glanced around and then asked, “Where is everybody? I slept in but it’s not
Dean sat up, steadying himself on the edge of the bed to fight through his own dizziness. “You gonna puke man?”
Sam stared at Castiel in the red light, his face falling. “We always knew this was going to happen, but…are you alright? Do we need to extract it, like last time?”
“Remember,” Sam warned. “You’re surprised.” He turned to walk toward the back exit and Dean and Castiel followed behind, hands linked.
Dean offered a soft smile, and Castiel turned on his heel to stride purposefully toward Dean and throw his arms around his neck, pulling him in for a kiss. Sam smirked and looked down, twirling his knife. Cas pulled away after a moment and smiled back at a shocked Dean. “Last one as a human,” he said, and then popped the cork of his grace.
When they’re in Lucifer’s cage, and Cas knows he has to let the Devil in to save the world from the Darkness, and he thinks he might never see Dean again. He looks over the Devil’s shoulder and makes a wish he hopes Dean feels.
Castiel smirked and casually, as if it was the most normal thing in the world, pushed the ring onto the fourth finger of his left hand. “Don’t ask stupid questions,” he mumbled, and he leaned forward to throw his arms around Dean, crushing their lips together. They kissed each other, rough and sloppy and joyful, and just in case, Castiel whispered against Dean’s lips, between breaths, “Of course it’s a yes.”
“Can we—I was wondering—” Castiel tried, but finally broke the kiss to pull back and catch Dean’s gaze.
“Yeah,” answered Dean, staring up into the stars. He was quiet for a moment, listening to the wind and sea, and then he turned his head to peer at Castiel. “Did you, uhh…make it storm?”
“It really doesn’t, Dean,” said Sam. “Not even a little.” He reached out to grip Dean by the shoulder. “You’re my brother. I don’t care who or what you love. I just want you to be happy—and I’m happy for you both. You’ve wanted this a long time.”
When the shot from Claire rang out, the final wolf, the one fighting Sam, seemed to deliberate: it leapt backwards from Sam and hissed, defensively, seeing that it was outnumbered. It seemed he was about to attempt an escape when his body went rigid, his eyes grew cloudy, dark, and fixed with violent rage. At the same time, from somewhere in the darkened exterior of the warehouse, a phrase in Latin rang out.
“I know you do,” said Sam. He glanced around the table at all the open books, then added, “We’ve got it pretty covered here. Why don’t you—I don’t know. Go for a run or something?”
The pair was so wrapped up in each other, they didn’t notice the lightbulbs in the library, usually dim, begin to blaze. Yellow light turned to white as they burned brighter and brighter, and finally a low buzzing began radiating off the glass. Dean and Castiel finally broke apart when the bulbs began to burst, one by one, showering the room in sparks. They watched as the popping extended beyond the library, down the hall, and into the kitchen, and finally with an electric heave the Bunker powered down into darkness. Seven seconds passed, and the emergency lights surged to life to bath their world in crimson.
“I’m alright, Sam,” said Castiel, shuffling one step closer, then another, and finally stopping when he was so close the heat from the flames was painful and stung his grace.
I smile, just barely, and shake my head. "The Lord works in mysterious ways. But you? This?" I reach up with my other hand, place it on his cheek, and feel him lean just slightly into my palm. "Was worth rebelling for. Was worth everything. Will always be worth everything. My wings, my grace, my life--I'd give it, all of it, for you. Every time."
Castiel sat up enough to tug his sweatpants down over his hips, and they fell loosely around his knees, exposing his hard length. He arched a challenging brow to Dean. “Get me wet.”
Jack clamped his lips shut and furrowed his brows but nodded his acquiescence. Castiel squeezed his shoulder affectionately as he walked to join Rowena, and then he turned to Sam. He motioned Sam toward the table on the other side of the room, and the two men walked over and sat to speak in hushed tones.
“I once…led armies,” Castiel slurred back, punctuated by a hiccup. His eyes were closed as he slumped against Dean, letting himself be dragged along limply.
Castiel blinked, then forgot his pout for an awkward grin. He rose from the bed and rose to join Dean without a word, pushing him backwards into the bathroom with a kiss and pulling the door closed behind them.
“Do you think me a fool?” Belial finally answered. “Even in my containment, I still hear the talk of Hell. Michael was caged with my brother Lucifer and perished at his hand.”
“You did what you had to do to stop Lucifer,” interrupted Castiel. He finally turned around in his seat to face Dean. “And you did. You killed the Devil, Dean. You won.”
It all happened in a matter of seconds. In one swift motion, Dean brought his beer bottle crashing down onto the table, shattering it and sending foam and glitter away from the impact in waves. A second later, he was wielding it like a baseball bat, and with a growl, he took a hard swipe at Michael’s throat. The archangel was caught off guard, but not for long. The bottle’s jagged edge sliced clean into the vessel’s jugular, and as Michael gripped the wound to stem the flow of blood, Dean attacked again. He took another swipe and caught Michael across the forearm that was raised to his throat. Dean got in one more hit, shoving the bottle into the archangel’s gut with a roar, before Michael retaliated.
Castiel planted another kiss against Dean’s temple and pulled away to look at him. “It’s from the Bible,” he said, still smiling. “Song of Solomon.” He leaned down to kiss Dean, then hovered close, whispering against his lips, “Your lips are like a strand of scarlet, and your mouth is lovely…” He kissed him again. “You have ravished my heart, my husband, my love. You have ravished my heart with one look of your eyes.”
Castiel reached to pull at one of Dean’s arms. He folded Dean’s hand until only two long fingers were free, and then he sucked those into his mouth, leaving Dean wide-eyed. “Yes,” he said as he removed them. “I’m sure.” He slid them back in, weaving his tongue around and between them, making sure they were thoroughly slick. “Be with me,” he repeated, pushing Dean’s hand down between their legs.
“Duffun loo lie nuffin,” mumbled Jack, returning to the bathroom, unaware of the face Dean made at his back.
Dean choked on nothing at all and Castiel remained as he was, still as a statue, though his eyes and nostrils widened while Sam barely stifled a laugh.
Jack was silent for a moment, looking between Castiel and Sam. “I don’t know the spell,” he finally admitted softly.
“No, you’re not,” said Castiel. He glanced up at Dean from his work, soaking a thick piece of white gauze in rubbing alcohol. “You’ve been through something traumatic. Like Sam said—it takes time.”
“Just too easy, man,” Dean answered when he regained some composure, and without thinking, reached over to brush a few fallen spikes of dark hair from Castiel’s forehead. When he realized, he withdrew his hand quickly to instead claim his burrito, refusing to make eye contact with anyone as he took a too-large bite, but from the corner of his eye he saw Sam and Jack smile.
Castiel’s face went blank, and he whipped around to find Dean still prone on the bed, but his hand lifted, pinching at the bridge of his nose.
“Of course I do,” sighed Dean. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and pulled on his boxers. He ran a hand down his face before adding, “I know we deserve it. It’s just—hard to believe sometimes. And then that weird…” he flailed a hand at the door, “…I dunno, vision thing of you. It shook me up, man.”
“Damnit, you two,” he hissed, shivering and bracing himself on the shower wall in the dark as he waited for the lights and hot water to come back on like they always did, a minute or two later. But this time, a minute passed, then another, and then another. After five, Sam muttered “Damnit” again and groped for a towel in the dim red darkness. He stumbled into his room and dried himself quickly, throwing on some sweats before stalking a few doors down to Dean’s room. He banged on the door hard, and yelled, “Time to talk about this, guys.”
Castiel shook his head and set Dean’s bandaged hand aside, then began soaking more gauze to tend to the other one. “No. Well, yes, I did, but that’s not what I meant.” He took Dean’s other hand and began gently wiping away the blood, continuing, “I mean I saw it—what it was like. How things were. How
Dean hovered close to Rowena’s shoulder while she worked, her materials spread out over the library’s long table. “So you can really make another Seal of Solomon?”
Sam rolled his own in return and turned to head out the door. He was halfway up the stairs when, from down the hallway, he heard his brother call Castiel’s name. At the top of the stairs, Sam saw Castiel stop and backtrack, but Castiel didn’t see him. Worried, he took the stairs two at a time and rounded the corner just in time to see Dean tackle Castiel against the wall.
“I don’t know what to tell you,” said Cas, and he dropped the needle. It started spitting static again as he turned and he smiled at Dean. He reached out a beckoning hand and cocked a brow, and a peppy guitar blared from the speakers. “Except that we were having fun, and now we’re not. I’d like to get back there.”
“Jack’s not picking up,” said Sam after the phone went to voicemail for the third time. He stepped on the gas and pushed the Impala faster.
Dean couldn’t help himself. He snorted and padded over to Cas and took his hand, looping an arm around his waist again. “See? Too good. Can’t possibly be real.”
“Give it a second, Dean,” said Sam. And then, “Pinch his nose. We’re gonna put him all the way under.”
Dean watched the mirror and imagined this must be what it was like to watch a star unravel in the grip of a black hole. The knot in his throat grew and descended into his stomach.
“Good,” said Dean. His lips curled into a dark smile. “Get angry.” Castiel curled his fingers around Dean’s shirt, grinding him into the wall with his arm and scowling. Just when he was ready to give up and step away, Dean turned on his fight, sliding an arm between them and knocking Castiel backwards. Castiel blinked in shock at being bested but managed to stay on his feet. “Come on!” yelled Dean.
“Dude, What the hell… that’s how I was cutting the onion!” protested Sam, taking a place beside Jack.
Dean wound his arms around Castiel’s front and buried his face in the angel’s hair. “You’re gonna be fine, Cas,” he whispered against the dark strands. “Gonna be just fine.”
It doesn’t happen again after that, but there are many times Castiel wants it to—and many times he thinks Dean secretly wants it to as well.
“Not in the way you’re thinking,” Cas answered, looking at Sam once more. “Angels do copulate and bear offspring, obviously. You’ve heard of the Nephilim, I’m sure—the forbidden children of humans and angels. But remember,” Cas gestured down to his body, “We don’t look like this. These are vessels. Your ideas of sex are—well, frankly, limited. And birth is more like the creation of stars. The bonds of parenthood are tenuous at best. And gender, of course, is a human construct, fully irrelevant to angels.”
“That gonna be a problem, Cas?” Dean worried, squinting into the shadows, where the action had picked back up. Bodies already littered the massive floor: at least five or six
“I could,” mused Castiel. “But I’m not sure he’d let me. And if I waited too long, we could be so far apart in years, and then…well, I want it to be my decision. And I want it to be at a time when it makes sense.”
Another comfortable silence settled over them, and Dean was asleep within minutes. Castiel stayed like this, feeling Dean breathe, whispering peaceful Enochian dreams into his lover’s ear until the moon began to disappear and the horizon’s black started shifting ever-so-slightly to purple, signaling sunrise within the hour. He closed his eyes and sighed, content. The wind rustled gently in the dry grass and the few scattered palm trees, and the waves crashed more loudly as the morning tide approached, pulling more and more of the rose petals out to sea. From behind him, the boom box sang out softly toward the water, and Castiel listened to the words for one more bar, reveling in the moment, before he resolved to carefully transport Dean home and into the bed they now and forever would call
Dean snorted again. “Alright.” He paused to smile fondly at Castiel, then stepped forward and leaned down—nearly falling over in the process—to kiss Castiel’s hair and murmur against it, “I love you, Cas.”
die,” he continued, trying to ignore the urge. “I felt my grace burn out of my body—felt my life reduce to nothing. I went to
A bright blue light flowed from Castiel’s fingertips into Dean like electricity, and Dean’s body, though unconscious, reacted accordingly: his back went rigid as he straightened against his will, and his head lolled backwards, lips parting, eyes opening to stare blindly at the ceiling. That same blue light swirled in his pupils, and his hands balled into tight fists at his sides.
Castiel kept approaching slowly, though he stopped when, as he grew close, Dean defensively withdrew. “I…” he thought for a moment, and then began, “I can name every song on the Led Zeppelin mix tape you gave me. And that you felt guilty when one of the lyrics bothered me.”
Castiel, for his part, sat silently in the floor, looking shell-shocked while Dean and Sam talked over each other.
“Does that matter?” interrupted Sam, exasperated. “Look—bicker if you want. I’m going to keep reading. Jack is too. But, Cas,” he looked from Dean to the angel. “You really should rest. At least for a bit. Those pills are gonna hit soon—”
Dean looked from his blue-faced brother on his knees to the pained, panicked Castiel, held by his scruff like a dog, and folded. “Please,” he croaked. “Please. What do you want?”
“Okay,” said Dean, suddenly all business. He backed up off Castiel and reached to take the angel’s hand, tugging him out of bed. “Rowena’s here. We’re doing this
“Jack!” Sam yelled as he crawled backwards out of the car. “Go to that big bathroom downstairs—the one with the tub—and start filling it with cold water. And ice.” He looked back to Dean. “He’s alive, Dean. But he’s burning up, and I need you to get it together if we’re going to
The name hung in the air like the last mournful blow of a retreating army’s horn across some ancient, hopeless battlefield. It sounded like defeat. The soles of Dean’s shoes seemed to be filled with lead. He was falling. Sinking. He was certain. The cold earth was softening beneath him and sucking at his feet, preventing movement. From across the yard, the radio blared a cheerful Boston song, completely out of place for the weight of the moment.
Before Dean’s eyes, his reality began to peel away. The wall in front of him started to flake like chips of paint, and then dissolve, leaving a vast empty black behind it—and soon, the whole room was an endless expanse of darkness. Before Dean, nothing. Behind, nothing. Above, below, nothing. No door, no hallway, no light, and then even his own body began to disappear in front of him until only his consciousness remained, and the far-off, warbling sound of
The song began again and Castiel returned his hand to the wheel, staring straight ahead. “Dean, you already know. Please don’t ask me to wade back into that,” he answered, voice pained, almost a whisper.
The car fell into a comfortable pseudo-silence. Dean turned up the radio and focused on the road. Sam stared down at his phone, researching the case. Castiel sat quietly in the backseat, watching Dean, smiling barely to himself.
“Aye, I believe so, but it’ll take some time and tinkering,” Rowena hinted. She looked aside at Dean and raised her brows. “Which is best done with careful concentration, meaning without a broody lumberjack looming over my shoulder.”
Dean rolled his eyes and jerked out a chair at the table, the legs scraping loudly on the hard floor. He sat down heavily in front of the dome and grumbled. “How long’s this take anyway?”
It had been months since Dean gave his body over to Michael. Almost six. Half a year. Exactly five months, three weeks, six days, eleven hours, thirty-one minutes, and seven seconds, by Castiel’s count. Eight seconds. Nine. Ten. Eleven…each stretching on longer than the last. Staring down Dean—or the body of Dean—across the wall of fire, Castiel made a note to start adding milliseconds if this didn’t work.
“If they got a green sticker they work fine,” the old man said, not looking up from a newspaper he was reading. “Orange means they work but need a tune-up. Red sticker, they don’t work at all. Good for parts to fix the orange ones.”
And now they had him, trapped and subdued in a ring of fire. Inside Dean’s body Michael was quiet. Dean’s eyes were closed, his head lolled back, mouth open. If the circumstances were different, Castiel might have thought him only sleeping, he looked so peaceful.
Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s shoulder and wrapped his arms around the angel’s back. “That’s really it?”
Jack walked out of the bathroom, a toothbrush hanging halfway out of his mouth. “Did you guyffs haff uh figh?” he mumbled around the toothbrush, none the wiser.
On day three, things got complicated. They’d spent more than a few days in one place before for a hunt, especially when it was more than one monster, like a werewolf pack or nest of vampires, but this case was threatening to extend to a week, maybe longer. They’d expected it in some respects; it’s why Claire had thought to squat in a house rather than have them living out of cheap motels. What if someone wanted to come by? Couldn’t really keep up a front if you had the neighbors over for drinks on the porch of the Super 8.
“I said DON’T!” yelled Castiel, and he wheeled around to face Jack and Sam, his eyes still lit up with blue fire.
“Hello, Dean,” answered Castiel. He looked over at Dean, wrapped in his blanket, and smiled. “Comfortable?”
Sam pressed his lips together in a hard line but said nothing. His gaze followed as Jack picked through the books and scooped up a large, ancient-looking open one, then settled it on the table before Castiel.
“Uhh—yeah,” said Dean, blinking himself back to the present. “Yeah, it’s uhh—it’s great, Jack. Thanks, kid.” He stood there awkwardly and then said, “You mentioned champagne?”
“Because he’s my brother,” said Sam evenly. “And you’re my family. And anyone who’s paid any attention to you two at all has seen the way you look at each other—and don’t give me the ‘I love you all’ crap. We know you do. But you’ve never looked at me that way.”
Dean’s gut lurched, but not from the nausea. He closed out of his texts and opened, also for the thousandth time, the voicemail Sam had accidentally left him shortly after. Dean lay back against his pillow and closed his eyes, pressing his phone to his ear, and for the thousandth time, his heart seized when Castiel’s muffled voice came through the speaker.
“I wasn’t sure which to get,” Castiel admitted, setting the bottles in the front seat. He pulled the blanket out from under his arm and lifted his brows. “May I?”
Dean smirked again, and he snorted out a little laugh. “Okay, without reading my mind—because you promised—what am I thinking now?”
“I’ll get you another,” said Castiel, reaching out for the cup. “You’ve been possessed by an archangel who doesn’t need to eat or drink,” he said as he went once more into the bathroom, his voice dulling around the corner. “Your body is realizing it.” Castiel came back, this time with a second paper cup. He gave one to Dean and set the other on the nightstand, then sat on the edge of the other bed, facing Dean. He watched as Dean quickly gulped down the second cup, then reached for the third and chugged it as well.
To Castiel the ringing wasn’t a tone, but the disembodied voice of Michael, and he was laughing. “This is getting pathetic, Castiel.”
“I know it ain’t,” said Dean, grumbling. Castiel recognized the tone—masking hurt with gruff anger; second nature. “But I can’t lose you again, Cas. You don’t know what it was like.”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean mumbled through the kiss, breaking it and rejoining and breaking it again. “I love you so damn much I can’t stand it.”
Castiel smiled again, just barely. “Right. Like faith.” His stomach stirred in the opposite direction of his smile; faith was something he hadn’t had—not the way he used to—for years. He exhaled and looked over at the hotel clock. “I need to go. You should dial Sam now—start the spell while it’s ringing.”
“No,” said Dean, squeezing Castiel’s wrist and leaning into the lips in his hair. “Just makes me feel small.”
The music suddenly turned back on at full volume, the headlights came on, and all the lights in the garage started blinking and flickering, and a few grew so bright they burst and showered the room with sparks. Castiel shut his eyes tight, but the blue light spilled out of his mouth instead, looking for an exit. Castiel bellowed a pained roar, and the rest of the lights started popping, one by one. Dean, horrified, finally began backing towards the outer wall and the door.
“We’ll find something, Cas,” said Sam softly, reaching out to pat Castiel on the arm. “We always do.”
So why couldn’t he just fucking do something about it? With another swig of whiskey, Dean resolved he would.
“It’s temporary,” promised Dean, settling into a seat at the end of the bed beside Castiel. “Rowena’s spell worked, but we gotta wait for it to separate before we can put it back.”
Dean stared, rooted to the spot. He was sure he was falling; his stomach knew it. It was tangled in knots, climbing its way up his throat. “This isn’t real,” he whispered, finally, almost to himself.
Castiel huffed out a breath and grit his teeth, and slowly the pain receded into a dull thrum, almost like a throbbing bruise deep in his core. “Nothing,” he said, and stood. “How are
“We will,” said Sam. He shoved Dean into the safety of the bunker, where Jack waited in the hallway with terrified eyes.
The voice came again, muffled, like someone was shouting from inside a cloud. Dean’s thoughts raced around it, his whole body numb.
“I admit, I’m partial to it,” agreed Castiel, looking down to his palms again. “Even though this body isn’t technically me, I don’t think I’d feel quite at home anywhere else anymore. This is—comfortable. Home.”
“Aye, but you were cured, Dean-o,” said Rowena, gingerly nudging his arm away. “Poor Samuel’s blood is tainted on a spiritual level. Since birth—even before, if the stories about your mum’s deal are true.”
but somehow, that didn’t seem to matter. Castiel knew how Dean was feeling. Castiel knew, and still he chose to go behind Dean’s back. That was enough of a reason to be pissy and childish. It was enough of a reason to sulk, so sulk he did. Dean let the anger pulse through him, punching the gas harder as the music blared.
The cool wind whipped against Dean’s cheeks, and he pulled his flannel overshirt tighter around his chest. He lay on the hood of the Impala, back propped on the windshield, watching fat clouds meander lazily across the cold blue autumn sky. He’d stopped driving and pulled off into a wide clearing of golden grass when he realized, about four songs in, that the further away he went the further away he pushed Castiel. And the further away he was, it was that much longer it would take him to get back if something bad happened. With the windows rolled down and the music still playing, Dean tried to relax and calm himself down. His eyes fluttered closed as a large cloud moved out of the way and the sun warmed him in the cool breeze, and after a few minutes he was near to dozing. Just as he was beginning to drift off, the tape ended, and the sudden silence jolted him back to reality.
Castiel growled and stepped so close to the flames they nearly singed his coat, only held back by Sam’s voice behind him, calling, “Cas, don’t!”
Around midnight with three hours left, Sam finally pulled over to trade places with Castiel. Jack was already sleeping hard in the backseat, as was Dean in the front. Sam joined them easily, crashing out almost as soon as the car was back on the road. The three of them slept while Castiel drove, though Dean stirred when the car stopped, an hour from home, to wait for a passing train. He looked over to the driver’s seat to see Castiel illuminated in the blinking red of the railroad crossing lights with a box in his lap, rifling through cassette tapes.
Sam’s recorded voice was cut off by a shrill beep and a computerized voice. “To replay this message, press one. To return the sender’s call, press—”
“I believe I can reroute the current,” said Castiel, “But satellite would be easier, as the wavelengths are similar to the ones used for—”
“Shock him,” nodded Dean. He did as instructed and though he cringed, he held Castiel’s nose and pushed the angel beneath the icy water. Still, Castiel didn’t flinch. Jack returned with more ice and the first aid kit. “Dump it in,” Dean called over. He lifted Castiel out for a moment and released his nose. Castiel took a deep breath but didn’t rouse. “Damnit,” he grumbled, and waiting as Jack poured in the ice.
The rustling of leaves in a pleasant breeze prompted Castiel to finally open his eyes, and he gazed up at a sky so bright and blue it put his irises to shame. Slowly, he pushed himself to a seat, blinking in the light of a strong afternoon sun—the source of the warmth, he realized. As his vision adjusted, Castiel came to realize he had been lying in a small, but beautiful meadow full of white clover, flanked on all sides by a forest of towering pine. A small flutter of joy rose in his chest, and Castiel craned his neck to search for Dean. He crooked his knees to stand up, only then remembering that one of his legs should be in terrible pain but wasn’t. The flutter curled in on itself, traveled down into his gut in a wave of nauseas dread. “Michael,” he murmured to no one.
The room fell into silence. Sam and Dean stood quietly, drinking their whiskey, watching Castiel or the floor or the wall—anything but each other. Finally, Dean grumbled a quiet, “You’ve known for years?” as he went to fill his glass again.
Dean’s chest heaved and his vision felt untrustworthy, but he nodded to Castiel. The angel nodded back and draped the blanket over his own bare shoulders, then gently coaxed Dean forward away from the door. Dean let himself be handled, and with gentle effortlessness, Castiel turned him in the seat so that Dean’s back came to rest against his chest. He scooted them back so that it was Castiel now leaning against a door, and Dean leaning against him. He wrapped the blanket around them both, and Dean closed his eyes, letting his head fall back against Castiel’s shoulder.
“Trying to get me out of my head, angel?” said Dean, a grin splitting his face as he was dragged along with Cas’s motions.
Sam rubbed the cold from his arms as he stepped back to make room for Jack, who folded the cold rag and laid it carefully across Castiel’s brow, then backed away. “What can we do?”
“I’m gonna kill him,” Dean hissed. Sam hauled him to his feet, and Dean let him—let himself be all but dragged back into the bunker. He heard nothing but his heartbeat in his ears, the sound of Castiel’s wails and bones breaking. He saw nothing but red. “I’m gonna rip him apart.”
“Was trying to—” Dean started, breathing heavily, and then sighed out a little laugh, sitting up. Castiel stood and looked over his shoulder, peering into the darkness beyond the kitchen. “Rowena,” said Dean. “And Jack. They were helping us find you—lore and stuff. But uhh—I don’t know if I want either of them seeing me full-frontal.”
Dean blinked and wavered on his feet, grabbing the table’s edge to steady himself. “Weren’t kidding,” he mumbled sleepily to Rowena.
This time, Dean was sure he was dead. This was the Empty, where Cas had been before. Billie wasn’t fibbing—she really did intend to throw him in there after all. Dean’s thoughts began to race for a way out, and he was beginning to pray madly to Cas, Chuck, even Michael—any angel who would listen—when he heard his brother’s voice again, loud and clear as a bell.
Castiel hugged his knees into Dean’s sides and reached for one of Dean’s hands, licking up his palm without breaking eye contact. Dean’s breath audibly hitched, and then Castiel placed Dean’s hand on his own erection and slowly, deliberately began to ride him, sending Dean’s eyes rolling back into his head.
Still, that didn’t mean he couldn’t plant something there for Dean to enjoy—so Castiel leaned gently over Dean in bed and pressed his lips to his forehead to whisper words of Enochian against it. He wove a dream of Dean and Sam fishing at the shore of some clear blue ocean they’d never seen, a cooler of beer between them. When the beer was gone, and the cooler filled with fish instead, they’d drive home the long way—the scenic route, take days to get there. No hunts coming through over the wire, nothing pressing or threatening them—and when they got home, Castiel and Mary and Jack would be there waiting to hear the fisherman’s tall tales. He'd listen to the brothers bicker over trivialities, and while Dean fried up the catch for dinner, Castiel would eat with them and enjoy it, truly enjoy it, even though he only tasted molecules and the sea. And then, while Jack and Mary were busy doing dishes (the one who cooks never cleans) and Sam was out getting more beer, he’d lean close and whisper to Dean,
“Yeah,” said Sam. “Same one I mentioned a few days ago. I just—so, we’d need an archangel to wield the blade. When Cas had Michael’s grace, it might have worked because he was already an angel, but even that was a stretch. Now the blade’s pretty useless, but…” He ran his hands through his hair. “I don’t know. I’m reading about the War of Heaven and Hell. There’s talk of weapons that could hurt archangels, but none have been named so far. Which is why I need to focus.”
Dean listened through one more time, and Castiel rewound it. When it started this time, he asked gently through his smile, “Like that one?”
“We know how to spring Hell’s cages,” said Dean. “We’ve done it before. So, we break you out and bring you to Michael. Two options for you from here,” he said, holding up a finger. “One, you kill him, and we send you back. Two,” he held up a second finger, “and I think this is the one you’ll like: you subdue Michael and bring him back to your cage, where you can then torture him for all eternity.”
One minute passed and then another. And another. After too many minutes of staring at the screen, Castiel stood and paced across the room to the dresser, starting to pull out sweatpants. Before he could, his phone buzzed, and he was back at the bed to check the message in a minute flat, heart beating wildly, hopefully behind his ribs. Only for a moment; Sam’s name flashed across the screen.
“Eeeeedeeeennnn,” hissed Belial, extending the word like a snake. “Eden and Michael. Yes, yes…I see.” A moment of silence followed, and then Belial said, “I accept your terms.”
He stopped short at the door and his stomach dropped. Castiel was sprawled on his back across the seat, head lolled backwards, mouth open. Blood and grace ran out of his nose and closed eyes in an odd mixture—the grace hovering like smoke, the blood drying and cracking beneath it. His left arm hung limply off the side, knuckles dragging the floor. His left leg, too, hung off the seat, and his right crooked at an odd angle that Dean was sure meant something in it was broken. Dean stood staring, unable to make himself move.
Dean choked on his cake briefly before clearing his throat, then he begrudgingly lifted his glass to clink it with the others. “Get bent, jerk,” he grumbled lovingly to Sam.
“And everyone knows the Winchesters have less trouble stabbing a vessel to death that isn’t one of their own,” Rowena intoned quietly, again twisting the vial of grace in her fingers.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes, dipping his head down to bruise his lips against dream Cas’s, and dream Cas moaned low and soft in his throat, rolling his jaw to part Dean’s lips.
At that point, Dean had rolled his eyes and shoved a random cassette into his tape deck, a wailing guitar suddenly filling the cab.
“Could you not summon me like some commoner?” Rowena’s voice trilled out from the hallway, and she appeared moments later, her heels clicking on the tile. “What is it?”
Castiel sighed into it and stepped forward, pushing Dean tenderly backwards into the shower’s wall. Dean made a low sound in his throat that vibrated against Castiel’s lips, pushed his hand up from Castiel’s cheek into his hair. Even in the shower’s heat, Castiel shivered so hard he broke the kiss to look down at his arm in shock at the visible goosebumps.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he whispered. His fingertips still hovered at Dean’s temple. “I’m so sorry.” Castiel leaned down and pressed a brief kiss into Dean’s hair, carried there on the breath of a sigh. When he leaned up, Castiel wound his arm back beneath Dean’s shoulders, moved his other beneath the crook of Dean’s knees, and carefully slid out of the car, bumping the door closed with his hip.
Sam shook his head and let out a soft chuckle. “Yeah, you can. I think everyone knew before you two did. Been a long ten years watching you guys flirt.”
There was a rush of light and noise, and faintly, Jack’s voice calling out his name, but it turned into an echo that mellowed into silence and dark.
When Dean defies his wishes, follows him to town, slides in close beside him in the booth at a diner.
Dean snorted nonchalantly, but he felt that warm twist in his belly again, and his heart stuttered. “You trying to go alpha male on me?”
They arrived to find Jack dumping what must have been at least the third or fourth mixing bowl full of ice into the quickly-filling tub. He looked up as they entered, and his face paled. “Is he…?”
Dean and Castiel talked over one another, Dean bitching at his brother, Castiel doing his best to defuse the feuding brothers, with Sam joining the chorus of complaints with his own until only snippets of individual words made it out of the chaos, everything else devolving into gruff, masculine grumbling.
“Like Eileen?” interrupted Dean, lowering his brows. “I know you carried a torch for her.” Sam flinched, and Dean sighed. “Look—I’m sorry. I’m not trying to hurt you, Sam. I’m just—”
“What time is it anyway?” Dean wondered as Castiel turned into the kitchen, releasing Dean to make a beeline for the fridge.
“Yeah,” he said. “Alright, come on.” Dean sat himself in the chair and leaned down again to hook his arms underneath Castiel’s, and Sam backed away.
“I love you,” Dean parroted, and claimed Castiel’s lips again as he withdrew, swallowing both of their groans. He pulled himself out almost all the way, then with painfully slow restraint, pushed all the way back in, lifting Castiel’s rear from the grass. Castiel gasped and clung to Dean, and Dean repeated the motion, picking up a steady, indulgent rhythm, feeling his lover’s body quake around him—feeling his own body quiver for his lover.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas pushed up on his elbows beneath Dean, still a bit out of breath from the hot-and-heavy of moments before.
Sam and Dean both stopped and turned around to find Castiel and Jack both staring and smiling, and standing in the same way—arms folded, head tilted. It was almost comical.
Dean stayed frozen in his silence, and Sam and Cas looked from him to one another in some silent communication of concern. Cas shook his head at Sam, and Sam opened his mouth as if to speak, but Dean finally found his faculty of speech, and beat him to it.
Dean’s heart seized and his blood ran simultaneously cold and hot—froze and somehow rushed into his ears. He jerked up his head, and an otherworldly beauty flooded his gaze: a wide, green ravine opened up before him, fed by a massive waterfall, and a brilliant sunset painting a backdrop for the whole thing, made up of vibrant oranges, purples and reds that Dean was certain had no equivalent shade on his earth, and silhouetted in the middle of it all was Castiel, shirtless, skin bathed in the evening light, staring right back at Dean.
Dean could tell; the muscle in Sam’s jaw twitched every time he spoke, but his brother was generous and kept his irritation locked up. It was Jack who surprised them both.
Dean’s own grin softened and he leaned in for another quick kiss, then turned and left Castiel standing, still feeling dumbstruck. Moments later his smile widened as he heard Dean yelling at Sam to “shut up” before the door to the bunker slammed.
Sam sniffed and stepped back to smile for a moment at Castiel before adding, “Jack’s pretty thrilled too. Fair warning, he’s gonna try to talk you into a wedding.”
Jack was the only one present, scrolling through the news on Sam’s laptop while he shoveled massive spoonfuls of unnatural, neon-colored cereal into his mouth. He grinned when Dean arrived, chipmunk-cheeked.
Dean is strapped to a chair in the dungeon of the Men of Letters bunker, and his eyes are black. Sam’s been trying to cure him, like they almost cured Crowley, and they thought it was working—until Dean broke free and tried to kill Sam with a hammer. It took Cas and Sam both to get Dean back in the chair, and Sam was understandably shaken. Cas offered to watch over Dean for a while so Sam could cope.
Dean grimaced, but said nothing as Rowena reached for an intricate, ceremonial knife. She reached for Sam’s palm and cradled his hand gingerly within her own. When the cold metal of the blade touched Sam’s skin, he flinched, and Rowena hesitated with a soft sigh.
Castiel’s smile saddened a bit, but the pride stayed stuck in his chest. He side-eyed Jack, offering wryly, “You’re very wise, you know.”
“Awesome,” said Dean, and he smiled through flushing cheeks. He shook out the blanket and spread it over the grass, then sat cross-legged on one corner and pulled the duffel to his knees. Castiel took the other side of the blanket and set the cooler in between them, behind them in the grass. He watched as Dean fished out three low, half-burned up candles in glass jars, labeled Citronella in ugly red letters on the side. He flicked on his lighter and was hunching against the breeze, trying to light the candle, when he caught Castiel watching. “Mosquitos,” he explained, and handed Castiel the now-burning candle.
Belial’s motionless mouth finally opened and closed once, sending a sickening clack of teeth through the room. “So you admit,” he hissed at Sam, “You waste my time.”
“Pie’s mostly for me,” Dean admitted with a shrug. “But, yeah. Last time Cas was human he was homeless. Can’t have been eating good food. I’m gonna milk this chance to give him something awesome.”
Dean followed his gaze down. A thick, gray mist was pooling around their feet like fog, slowly climbing the length of the barrier. As it moved, it erased what was on the other side. Dean couldn’t see Castiel’s feet anymore; only his own tiled floor. “It’s fading,” he said. He looked back up at Castiel, desperation watering his eyes. “Cas, you gotta be careful, okay? You gotta stay alive for me, you can’t—”
“I wanted to look at you in the moonlight,” Castiel said. “Touch you without worrying who might walk in or hear.”
“I’m sorry,” said Castiel, and placed two fingers on Sam’s forehead. He crumpled to the floor in a dead sleep.
“Sam, it’s time,” interrupted Dean. The glow in Castiel’s eyes flickered like a dying lightbulb, then dimmed, and finally disappeared entirely. The only blue that remained were his irises, and though beautiful, Dean noticed the blue was a bit darker—a little less light.
Dean made the drive into town in silence. Every cassette he owned, once innocuous, now contained memories of long drives with Castiel—years of secret, stolen rearview-mirror glances at blue eyes in the backseat whenever a love song came on. He tried the radio but the mundane problems the commercials spouted filled him with a bitter, complicated ache. Who cares about a credit score or a $5.99 hot wing special when the love of your life is trapped in a parallel universe with an archangel from a different parallel universe? On some level, Dean knew the lives of everyone else had to keep going on, but the triviality of it filled him with rage.
Finally, Castiel swallowed and reached for a beer, chugging it down almost in one gulp. He looked at Dean, eyes wide and red, and said—voice raw with the heat of the pepper— “Why didn’t you stop me?” Then Dean broke, spitting out a little beer as he squeezed shut his eyes, laughing into a fist.
“Huh,” said Dean again. He glanced down at the paper and wrinkled his brows. “That’s not the crossword.”
Jack returned with a small first-aid box, and he moved to enter, but Sam put out his arm, shook his head. Jack looked over to the scene and dipped his head once in understanding, then crouched to set the box against the wall, just inside the bedroom door.
“Like I said,” said Sam, working his jaw. “Rowena and I will go on to the warehouse. I’ll make the biggest holy oil trap we can, while Rowena sets up her spellwork.” He turned to the witch, and asked, “You’re
Dean blinked at him, so Castiel smiled and continued, voice softening fondly. “I’ve thought about this, Dean. And I have a lot more practice at it this time.”
Sam paused and turned around to lift his brows at Dean. “What happened in there?” he finally ventured.
"No, Cas, I--" Dean's voice is rough and low. He clears his throat before he speaks again. "I guess it's just--I just forget sometimes, you know? What you are. Too comfortable with you, maybe."
Instead, Castiel’s hand moved around to gently cradle Dean’s broken, bruising jawline, the thumb of his other hand ghosting just above the werewolf scratches on his cheek. He knew Sam and Claire were watching him, but he didn’t care. And he didn’t care that his first of many utterances of “I’m so sorry, Dean, so sorry, I love you” came just before the wailing of the approaching siren could drown it out; didn’t care that Claire and Sam heard the broken confession to the bloody man beneath him, beaten by his own hands.
“What—A Winchester blaming himself for the suffering of others?” Castiel squinted. “It’s not exactly news.”
“He’s not gonna die!” Dean yelled, and in desperation, shoved Castiel back under the water, neglecting his nose.
“Okay,” said Sam, and sleepily shuffled away again. And once again, he returned a second later, adding, “I need that.”
A warm, familiar ache began to curl low in Dean’s belly, and he obliged Castiel gladly. He kept his balance with his right hand on the bed while his left found its way to Castiel’s side, and he used the leverage to pull him closer. Dean opened his lips wider, dug his teeth harder into the skin of Castiel’s neck, and Castiel bit down on his own bottom lip, a low noise sounding from deep in his chest. One of his hands crept up to grip the back of Dean’s neck, and Dean began slowly working kisses back up towards Castiel’s chin. When he reached the space where Castiel’s neck met his jawline—the soft place just below his ear—Dean slid his own hand up to cup Castiel’s cheek and tilt his chin up further. He pressed his lips there and was about to withdraw to kiss the angel properly, but suddenly diverted. Instead, Dean angled his kiss upwards, giving Castiel’s earlobe a soft graze with his teeth.
He skimmed the players until he found a sleek black one, then tucked it under his arm. He was sifting idly through the slim collection of records the shop had available—mostly new indie bands buying into the vintage trend—when his phone buzzed with a text from Sam.
The room went still and silent, though Castiel’s eyes remained open, staring at nothing. Within them, the blues were separating themselves like oil and water, segmented by a band of glittering gold.
“You have no idea,” said Sam, smiling. “While you were…uhh, gone, there were a couple times I had to drag him out of bed past noon.”
Dean’s eyes remained misty, but flashed his teeth in a classic, cocksure grin. “Course I will,” he said again. And then softly, he added, “Every day.”
Castiel sat on the edge of the bed, a towel around his waist, his wet hair sticking out in every direction. He stared at his phone, his unanswered messages to Dean.
“Woah—easy,” said Dean, staggering sideways as he half-carried Castiel down the hall, the other man nearly dead-weight. His shoulder hit the wall, and he used it to brace himself to better his hold on Castiel. “You gonna make it?”
“Well,” Rowena started. She smoothed her skirt and floated around to a nearby workbench where she sat and daintily crossed her legs, twisting the vial of grace in her fingers. “That’s the story, isn’t it? Don’t forget I’m the one who tipped you off to Michael’s little Cajun country hideaway in the first place. And I’ve not been around, but I’ve been keeping tabs on you boys all the same. Need to know what my favorite angel and the hunters are up to, don’t I?”
“Am I interrupting something?” Claire’s voice shot through the kitchen, followed by a snort. “Obviously.”
“Dean…” Castiel’s voice softened, and he shook himself out of his trance to step hurriedly across the room. Once he moved, Dean could see where Sam and Jack were standing behind him in the shadow of the hallway, their faces a mirror of Castiel’s terror.
Blinking his eyes open, Castiel let out a sigh and looked up to find Dean standing in the doorway, brows knit. “Dean,” he said, and his voice still sounded too full of anger, so he cleared his throat and straightened before adding, almost shyly, “How long have you been standing there?”
“Dunno yet, but I’m chasing a lead,” said Sam. He reached for a bookmarked leather-bound journal and leaned in to hand it to Dean. “Here, you can—ugh.”
“I—love you too,” said Castiel, staring at Dean despite the sloppy kisses. Finally, he smiled against Dean’s lips and kissed him back, slowly, deeply.
Bearing his teeth in a grimace, Michael used just enough of his grace to heal the slice to his artery. He ripped the bottle from his gut with guttural groan, and then growled out in a yell, “Dean Winchester!” From the pocket of his vessel’s coat, Michael pulled a pendant—a spiked, glowing purple crystal on a leather string, and looped it quickly around his neck.
“Do it,” Dean continued, gripping the neck of his beer bottle tightly. When Michael didn’t make a move, he smiled. “But you won’t. Because you’re still banking on getting me back—on getting back your sword.”
“Dean,” said Castiel, startled. He removed his hand from the tape deck and placed it on the wheel as he glanced sideways, embarrassed. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Okay, thanks, Jack,” said Sam. He looked over to Rowena, who held her hands over a pulsing blue light coming from Castiel’s hands—a ‘magical amplifier’ for the energy signature of Michael’s grace. “It worked, Rowena. It’s showtime.”
“There’s not a wrong way to cut an onion. And since when are you the vegetable expert? You hate vegetables.”
“Makes sense to me,” said Dean. “So we’ll get you back to your old self…what, tomorrow, maybe? Be sure all of Michael’s grace is gone?”
Castiel smiled, and so did Dean, and they fell into a comfortable silence for a time, sipping on their glasses and relaxing in the tropical, pre-dawn breeze. When their glasses were empty they refilled them, and Dean leaned his shoulder into Castiel, who tilted his head atop Dean’s, both content to be near each other.
“Cas…” said Dean softly, guiltily, though he stopped short. When he spoke again, his voice was full of fear. “Cas, what’s wrong with you?”
“That’s why people pinch themselves,” he said aloud. He coughed and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, sitting back. He stared long and hard at the record player on the dresser, and then he stood.
“Is he under?” asked Castiel, stepping closer to the flames and squinting at the bound body of Dean in the circle.
Castiel moved more slowly than he meant to, something twisting in his gut, the sound growing louder with his approach. He stood outside Dean’s room for a moment, listening to the slow, muffled song and staring at the slat of soft light that spilled from beneath the door. Finally, he put his hand out to push it, but it went straight through as if he was a ghost. Castiel steeled himself for what he might find and stepped through Dean’s door.
“I don’t mind,” Castiel said quietly, staring Dean down in rearview mirror. Finally, when it became obvious Dean wouldn’t look back, he said to Sam, “No, I never did. I was a soldier, was meant to be from my inception. There was never opportunity for partnership.”
Dean picked up his pace without meaning to, and then felt a hand press against his chest. He stopped, breathless, to look at Castiel, and smiled a little. “Lay back,” he instructed, and Castiel did as told, carefully shifting his weight around until he was flat on his back on the blanket, Dean fully on display above him. Dean’s grin grew wider, and he pressed his hands to Castiel’s hips, then started up another slow, steady grind, pumping himself in Castiel’s hand as he drew Castiel’s erection in and out of his body.
the song ended, and Castiel didn’t move to repeat it. “We can listen to something else,” he deflected, and moved his finger instead toward the eject button as the next song began.
“Yeah, maybe,” agreed Sam. He smirked again and met Dean’s gaze. “But maybe he’ll change it up. Try to look cool for you, you know, since you’re dating now—”
Jack stared at the spot where Castiel had been a moment before, then looked out over the landscape. He didn’t have his power, but he still had archangel in the strands of his DNA. It took all of his concentration, but he stared hard into the distance, willing himself to see what humans couldn’t and he did: Castiel’s black wings large and stark against the bright blue sky, wheeling and diving through the air in a dance so beautiful it broke Jack’s heart to watch.
Dean peered over to Jack and saw a mirror of his own heartbreak and was flooded with a wave of guilt. He’d been so caught up in losing his lover he hadn’t considered that Jack was missing a father, Sam a brother. Dean cleared his throat thickly and gave a brisk nod, the color in his cheeks rising. “No, he hasn’t, Jack.” He thumbed at a piece of bacon awkwardly and then added without looking up, “M’sorry. You’re hurting too, I know it. All of us are.”
“Warehouse, corner of Fifth and Maine,” said Sam. “Bring witch-killing and silver bullets. And an angel blade. Gotta—” and then the line disconnected in a fuzzy crunch.
“Okay, Dean,” Castiel interrupted, visibly ruffled, but he softened at Dean’s shit-eating grin. “So I’m ‘sassy,’” he said, using his free hand to make finger quotes.
They were in a crypt, dark and cobwebbed. Dean, on his knees before him. Dean, gripping the sleeve of his trench coat. Dean, beaten bloody by his own hands, all for a tablet that was said could lock up heaven. He was about to deliver the final blow, and he would hate himself for it forever, but he couldn’t stop. Not until Dean spoke.
more like a nagging wife?” Dean spat, rising from the couch. “He’s my brother, alright? I’m not letting him and a kid go on a hunt alone.”
“No, man, I’m serious. You’re—family. And, y’know. I don’t think we tell you enough, but you’re important, Cas. We—I need you. You dragged me out of Hell and I can’t get over myself for a few hours to work a case.” Dean ran his free hand through his hair and sighed. “So—you’re right. I’ll stow my shit and play my role for this case. I’m sorry.”
“Because there’s no point!” Dean roared back. He threw his palms up to Sam’s chest and shoved, and his brother staggered backwards. “Because—” Dean cut himself off and paused as the gears clicked into place in his head. Sam looked at him and nodded, encouraging. “There’s no point,” he repeated quietly.
Dean pushed up onto his elbows and looked over his shoulder to find the Impala parked at the top of the hill, gleaming in the sunlight. He looked back and patted the pockets of his jeans, and his brows furrowed.
The door to the back yard was barely open when Jack’s enthusiastic yawp came echoing through the concrete hall. The almost-noon light was momentarily blinding, but soon enough the yard came into focus, and Dean and Castiel were, in fact, taken by surprise. Castiel’s eyes widened and a grin split his lips as he took in the gaudy white and gold scene. Dean, for his part, looked shell-shocked—borderline horrified. Castiel caught sight of it and squeezed Dean’s hand, pulling him out of it. Jack stood behind the flower-stuffed table and cake, arms spread, smiling expectantly.
“I don’t know,” grumbled Castiel. He ground his teeth together and managed to huff out a rough breath. “Call Rowena.”
“And what are you going to do, Dean?” Michael said, grin widening. “Fight me? With what weapons? You’re out here, unarmed, sipping champagne. And I won’t offer to do this the easy way again.”
“Woah, hey, take it easy,” said Dean, hurrying over to steady Castiel. “Later. We’re gonna have time, because we’re gonna fix you. But now you gotta rest. Okay?”
“Too many cooks in the kitchen,” grumbled Sam. He left his knife on the cutting board and threw up his hands, absconding. “You can cut the tomato, Cas. But be sure to ask the Fruit Whisperer the correct way.”
“Right,” said Sam, smirking just briefly. “So, during the last few battles of the war, it looked like Lucifer’s army was going to win. Until Belial and the Sons of Darkness went up against a company of angels called the Sons of Light.” Dean rolled his eyes, and Sam chuckled. “Yeah, it’s all uhh—pretty literal.”
Finally, Castiel plucked up the final bag and began walking towards the water, spilling out bright red rose petals in his wake. When it was empty, he folded it carefully and slipped it into his pocket behind the envelope. He took a deep breath, and then he saw Dean begin to turn. At his side, he snapped his fingers, and behind him the candles all leapt to life, the Christmas lights glowing without need of electricity, and the boom box began playing soft, beachy music. He smiled at the sound, then outstretched his hand toward Dean, silently bidding his lover to return.
“I will?” Dean asked, but already his voice sounded stronger beneath Castiel’s touch, the pain in his skull still present, but the edge softened. He sat up stiffly, but without issue, and this time did pull the IV. “Huh. Guess I will. Thanks, Cas.”
“The fight was Friday afternoon,” said Castiel. “It’s Sunday evening. The sun went down about an hour ago.”
Castiel’s face smoothed into stoicism as he listened for something Dean couldn’t hear. His nose twitched and he angled his head just slightly to one side and said, “No one is awake. Rowena talks in her sleep, though.”
Castiel stared back at him, then smiled—a little proudly and a little sadly. “I think you may be right,” he said, turning his gaze back to the horizon.
Finally, Dean lifted his head. He looked down at his arms, submerged to the elbows to hold Castiel up, and noticed suddenly that water had soaked up to his elbows and was starting to creep across his back. “Okay,” he conceded, and ticked his head to beckon Sam over. Sam rolled up his sleeves and dunked them into the tub to hold up Castiel, and Dean extricated himself. He clumsily stripped out of his sopping flannel and tossed it aside. “You got a rag or anything, Jack?” he called over, rubbing his face while he went to retrieve a chair from across the room. Jack nodded, and Dean replied, “Wet it and put it on his forehead, alright?”
At first it was easy. After all, it wasn’t Dean. This was a demon, and unlike Sam, Cas didn’t have much hope that the cure would work. It got harder when Dean started talking, when he sounded more like himself, and Cas got close. Let his guard down. The angel leaned forward over the chair, hands on Dean’s shoulders, to get a closer look at not-quite-Dean’s eyes. To inspect the black that coated them like oil. Dean shoved his neck out and kissed him, hard. Castiel recoiled, and Dean laughed.
“What, like you die?” said Dean, losing his cool for a moment. Sam stirred, but neither he or Jack woke, and Dean lowered his voice before speaking again. “That’s not gonna happen, Cas. We just got you back. I can’t do that again.”
Sam stood after a few moments and peeked out the curtains to see Castiel sitting on a bench a few feet to the left of the door, hands folded in his lap, staring straight ahead with a set jaw. Sam sighed and pulled the curtain all the way closed to shut out the light. He kicked off his shoes and collapsed face down on the cot, not bothering with the blanket.
“It’s wonderful, Jack,” Castiel interrupted. He released Dean’s hand and walked over to Jack, wrapping him into a fatherly hug. “Thank you.”
“You do,” Castiel nodded, and then said more resolutely, “Yes, I’d like a little time alone, if you don’t mind.”
“Mmm,” Castiel smiled, humming his approval against Dean’s lips, vibrating them. He rolled his jaw, opening Dean’s mouth to deepen the kiss. They dissolved into a passion of palming hands and gripping fingers, breathing each other’s air so closely neither could tell where one’s inhale began and the other’s exhale ended.
For a few long moments, Dean buried his head into Castiel’s shoulder, splayed his hands across the angel’s back. When they finally pulled apart, a nervous kind of joy settled in his gut. He couldn’t take his eyes off Castiel’s lips, his bright blue eyes.
The living room and kitchen in the small house might as well have been one room, only separated by the divide of a laminate floor to carpet. Dean couldn’t see Claire and Castiel, but he’d been listening to the exchange, and even blocked by the couch, he knew exactly what Cas was doing: elbows on the table, head in his hands, staring down into his beer. A wave of guilt shuttled through Dean, settling in his chest and constricting his throat.
“Uhm,” started Sam, and then he sighed and shook his head. “Cas and Dean are fighting. Dean went for a drive. I don’t know when he’ll be back.”
I want so badly to help. Seeing him like this--the man I've given everything for, and would give everything for a thousand times over--breaks me down. And suddenly, I wonder if he knows what he is to me. If he can possibly understand. I slowly seat myself beside him, lean up against the island. He still looks down at his beer, and I let my head loll back. Close my eyes.
For just a moment, everything stopped. The burly vessel fighting Castiel stepped back, and both angels peered to the corner. Every hunter squinted into the shadows, and silently, a small brunette woman emerged, completely naked, palms outstretched. She was dripping with blood from seemingly her entire body; there were sigils scarring nearly every inch of skin, many of them fresh.
Dean sighed and tapped the voicemail icon, pressing the phone to his ear. Sam’s voice complained through the speaker:
“Yes I did,” said Sam. His eyebrows knit. “Jack and I kicked down the door—you didn’t hear—it doesn’t matter. What I saw,” Sam said, insisting, “Was Michael put on a show. Could you see Cas when the gun went off? Because I couldn’t.”
“Yeah, ‘course,” said Sam, then chuckled. “It’s like seven forty-five in the morning, but what the hell—grab me one too.”
Castiel let the arm closest to Dean flop onto his stomach and curled the other one up to brush his fingers over the back of Dean’s hand. “So, this is chilling?”
Jack’s voice came tensely through the receiver. “Sam, he’s—” and then his voice was drowned out by a dull ringing and the rushing of wind. The whole room shook for a moment, and when it stopped, Michael stood illuminated near the center of the circle.
Castiel flipped them both, his need winning out over his desire to draw it out, and he rolled hard and fast into Dean, keeping rhythm with his hand. He made a low noise in his throat and then said, “Again,” and Dean found himself empty, then on his hands and knees, and then painlessly full once more. Castiel’s chest was flush with his back, his left hand somehow holding them both up, fingers wound through Dean’s on the blanket, his right still stroking Dean with the same new fervor in which he drove himself inside.
“Sam!” yelled Castiel, and Sam snapped out of his daze. He flicked on the lighter and dropped it, and in seconds the entire warehouse was lit up with light and uncomfortable heat.
“What of it? What of any of it?” said Michael, nearly spitting. “Do the birds not go where they please? Do the deer not keep companionship? Does not every living thing fight to stay alive?”
“Cas?” Dean called back, his voice clear, but far away. “Cas—is that really you? Because so help me, if it’s not, I will
As if on cue, when Castiel stepped into the room a slow, bluesy drumbeat began. The room was dark, but not completely—a small lamp on the bedside table with a black t-shirt thrown haphazardly over the shade cast a faint yellow haze over the room, mimicking candles. On the dresser, a record player proved to be the source of the sound. Propped against the wall beside it was the record’s sleeve—a barely-recognizable image of a man in a hat leaning over a bar. The music was turned up just a bit too loud, and it made the room feel smoky and secluded.
“Because God apparently has a soft spot for his angels” said Sam, a wide smile splitting his face. “And Belial isn’t just a Prince of Hell. He’s a fallen archangel.”
“It’s this grace,” Castiel answered, though he visibly relaxed, if only marginally, at Dean’s touch. “It’s fighting to get out.”
Dean caught Castiel’s emotional shift just as he began to rise, and his fighting smile slipped away into a worried frown. “Cas?” He pushed to a seat in the floor and watched Castiel’s back retreating for the door. “Cas, wait—”
“Whatever,” scoffed Sam sleepily. He slid out of the backseat and Jack followed along. Light spilled into the street as the bunker door swung open, but after a moment they disappeared inside.
“It doesn’t ‘suck’ that badly,” Castiel countered lazily. “I don’t mind being human. In fact, I vastly prefer humans to angels.”
The high of the morning’s victory wore off quickly, and Dean’s impatience reached its peak. Again, he found himself pacing back and forth in the library, chugging coffee, unable to focus long enough to join the others in their research. Rowena promised to stick around and help with researching ways to kill an archangel until they’d gotten Castiel back in one piece, just in case, but spent most of her time outside the bunker—“communing with the elements for guidance,” she said. Dean thought it sounded like bullshit, and he told Sam as much.
“In a sense,” Cas said, leaning up on the middle seat. “But it isn’t like your human marriages. We’re more…partners. More about loyalty than romance—that’s a concept angels don’t understand. Unless, of course, we fall.”
He turned away from watching his brother and his angel in the kitchen to go back to his room, and he wondered if they disappeared entirely when he wasn’t looking. If a tree falls in an empty forest, does it make a sound? If Dean Winchester hallucinates his family, do they exist only when he’s there? He couldn’t know. If he turned around, he was sure they’d still be there because his mind thought they
“Well, boy?” Belial’s voice pulled Dean back into his body, and he cleared his throat. “Revenge,” he forced out the single word, and even that was strangled.
Castiel grinned. “You’ll see.” He looped the bag over his shoulder and held out a hand. “Do you trust me?”
When he finally speaks, it's a near-whisper; grating, and low, and I can hear his heart in his voice; feel the vibration of his soul, like I did all those years ago. "Cas, I...How--why?"
“I love it,” said Castiel, smiling. He scooted to the edge of the bed and made to stand, reaching toward Dean. “Do you—” he started, then faltered, knees going weak again.
“I’d like that,” said Castiel with a tense smile. He squeezed back before they dropped their hands, turning the corner to descend the stairs to the medical bay.
They held each other like this in silence until, finally, they rose to clean up and go to bed. The rhythms in their chests bounced back and forth until they sounded as one, and when they parted, their heartbeats remained in sync.
And somehow, he wants it to happen even more when Dean doesn’t say “I love you” back. But it doesn’t. And he’s afraid it won’t. And there’s another angel, one of his brothers, offering Cas a chance to go home. For years now, the word “home” has meant the bunker, with Dean and Sam. But now, crushed beneath the weight of what hasn’t happened, he starts to think it never really was. So, like a wounded dog, desperate for belonging, Castiel turns from his human home, tries to win back favor with Heaven.
“I can help with that,” said Castiel softly. Dean tensed when he spoke but didn’t resist when Castiel reached to touch his forehead.
Castiel was on his feet in seconds, lithely rolling to throw his forearm across Dean’s collarbone and step him quickly backwards, slamming him into the wall.
“Me too,” whispered Dean, and almost as soon as he spoke, Castiel threw back his head into the pillow with an open mouthed, filthy sound, coming hard.
Jack’s voice sounded far away and watery from the phone in Sam’s pocket. He stopped pouring the holy oil to fish out the phone, and said into it, “Good. How much time do we have?”
“Stop,” breathed Castiel. He tightened his grip around Dean and slid slowly down, never breaking the kiss, until he was on his back on the seat, Dean’s weight heavy and hot and correct on top of him. Something in his chest broke open, and he slipped a hand into Dean’s hair and tugged. Dean gasped, but Castiel swallowed it with another wide kiss, then another, and another. He could feel the archangel grace pulsing against his skin again, but it only made him more desperate for Dean—his lips, his breath, his warmth—and he licked into Dean’s mouth, pulled him closer, tighter—
In the space of a second, the table disappeared beneath Dean and a shiver unfolded itself from his spine, spreading through his body quick as lightning, and before he could even really register the sensation his back was pressed into something plush. In the darkness the familiar smell of old leather, gasoline and whiskey let him know immediately that he was in the backseat of the Impala, and Castiel was hovering like a rainstorm above him, full of electricity and thunder.
Sam groaned and shook his head, running a hand over his face. When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was standing in the doorway in jeans and Dean’s gray AC/DC t-shirt, watching him curiously. “Hey, Cas,” he sighed, turning for the pantry.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, which was growing hot, and he knew his face would be red in seconds if it wasn’t already. “I uhh—I wanna claim you too.”
Dean growled and hoisted Castiel’s head above water, and the angel coughed and heaved, but still his eyes remained closed.
Castiel first pulled out a clean pair of boxers and jeans and quickly donned them, then laid out the same garments for Dean, carefully folding them on a corner of the blanket. Next, he drew out two plastic bags, one clinking with squat, mismatched glass jars and the other full of small, white tea light candles in shallow metal tins. With a too-quick-to-be-human precision, Castiel dropped a candle into each jar and nestled them at ten-inch intervals around the sides of the blanket, except for the edge that faced the water. He stood and plucked the whiskey bottle he’d wedged into the sand and went to put it in the duffel, but thought better of it, and replaced it with a little grin. He dove into the duffel again and withdrew a large bottle of champagne, which he nestled beside the whiskey, and then a pair of small, ceramic plates from the Bunker’s kitchen, and finally a slim cardboard box.
from the three voices on the other side of the fire, Dean Winchester slipped back into still silence.
Cas reached to touch two fingers to Dean’s forehead, mumbling, “I can at least stop the bleeding.” He looked over to Sam, wondering, “And you and Claire?”
Castiel sighed and shrugged helplessly, folding his arms across his chest. “Well, Michael’s not here,” he said blandly. “So, what—we summon Belial, then Michael?”
He didn’t. 4:18. Each minute ticked by more slowly than the last. Dean rolled onto his side and watched the colon between the numbers blink until the 8 changed to a 9, then a 0, then a 1. At 4:22 he finally groaned and rolled up out of bed, grabbed his whiskey, and returned to the library without bothering to grab a glass.
“Stay here!” Dean yelled from the atrium. His voice echoed harshly in the empty morning quiet. His footfalls on the metal stairs sounded heavy and quick, as if he was taking them two at a time.
The yard looked like a craft store had vomited all over it. Cheap white paper streamers tangled haphazardly along the tree line, interspersed with flashes of equally cheap streaks of metallic gold. They rustled and glinted in the breeze and morning sunlight, some of the free ends curling up in lazy waves with the wind. The same streamers were draped in random places throughout the yard: taped to the concrete walls of the bunker, wrapped around a rusted-out grill, tied into clumsy bows around the backs of the chairs. The round table was covered in what looked like white butcher paper, and Jack had covered it in so much gold glitter that the breeze picked up a little at a time in puffs of sparkling dust. In the middle of the table was a small, lopsided white cake on a plate Sam recognized from the bunker’s kitchen and an ugly bucket, also tied with streamers, full of ice and bearing a bottle of cheap champagne. A stack of four plates and silverware was beside the cake, which read, in bad blue-iced handwriting, “Congrats Cas and Dean,” four glasses beside those, and every other free space on the table was covered in mugs and jars half-filled with water, some holding leaves and random assortments of autumn wildflowers. A radio played soft classic rock from somewhere. Probably beneath the table, Sam guessed.
“Aye, Samuel,” said Rowena. She rose from where she was seated at the table and strode over to Castiel, passing off the glowing vial. “Don’t break it,” she said, withdrawing it as Castiel reached. He rolled is eyes. “Or lose it,” Rowena added.”
“Cas, I—” Dean began, and faltered. His mouth opened and closed a few more times, and he hung his head, unable to look at Castiel. Finally, when he did speak, his voice was loud and clear, and full of wrath. “Michael, you son of a bitch, get—”
Dean’s heart seized, and his skin went cold. He spoke without meaning to, and the voice that came from his lips sounded like it wasn’t his; like it was spoken by someone else at the far end of a hallway, the sound hollow and detached. “Michael.”
Castiel whirled around to face Michael as the archangel crowded into his space. “I’ve got to hand it to you, Dean,” he said. “This is a clever little trick. Did your witch whip it up for you, or have you finally grown a brain?” Michael held up a hand and closed it into a fist, and Castiel gulped, then began gripping at his throat, face coated in fear.
Sam doubled over in laughter as he watched the tears stream down Castiel’s cheeks, but Castiel refused to spit it out, and Dean couldn’t tell whether it was from pride or lack of experience. Jack joined in the laughter, and Dean smiled wide, lifting his brows as he watched Castiel sweating through it, sipping on his beer.
Castiel leaned forward and scooted onto his knees to sit on his haunches, face inches from Dean’s. “I feel—” he started, voice nearly a whisper. He reached tentatively for Dean’s face, resting his hand on his cheek. Castiel dragged his fingertips slowly down Dean’s jaw, feeling his rough stubble. “It all feels different,” he finished quietly. “You feel different.” His other hand lifted to Dean’s other cheek and he held the hunter’s face in his hands, traced the line of his nose, his eyebrows, ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean let him—the whole display an innocent exploration.
Castiel’s chest filled with a warm pride that countered his tight stomach oddly, and he nodded at Jack. He slipped a hand in his pocket as he walked for the door, gripping the grace in his palm. Behind him, he heard Jack say something low in Latin, heard Sam answer the phone, and though a purple light illuminated the wall, he went out the door without looking back.
He grunted with the hot taste of liquor on his tongue and effort as he launched himself to a seated position, peering over the back of the couch. “Cas?” he mumbled, and the angel was just how Dean thought he’d be: hunched, practically emitting waves of self-loathing. He looked up at his name, and Dean could see the too-human tiredness and guilt in the circles beneath his eyes, the worry lines in his forehead.
Castiel tilted his head, looking at the ring on Dean’s fingers as he weaved their hands together, then lifted them to kiss the back of Dean’s. “I’m not altogether unconvinced that it wasn’t.”
Castiel listened in silence, holding Dean, and tried to ignore the sensation that his chest was caving in around his heart.
Dean rolled his eyes and shuffled for the door. He cut his gaze to the full, but cold, mug of coffee on the table on the way out.
Castiel made a low noise in his throat and pressed his lips into a line, pointedly avoiding looking at Dean. “Mmph. I think I might have.”
“Since yesterday,” Dean admitted, piling up a plate with bacon, eggs, and pancakces. He motioned to the table. “C’mon. Sit. Eat. Big day.”
Castiel recognized it as the one where he’d tried to withdraw Gadreel’s grace from Sam, and he grimaced, but climbed settled himself into it nonetheless. “What’s the—hey!” He snapped his head to the side as Rowena magically cinched his wrists to the arms of the chair with leather straps.
Dean shook his head. “There was a prophecy, sort of—one of Billie’s notebooks. Rowena told us all her notebooks end the same way—with Sam.”
“It seems to have backfired,” Castiel answered. He slipped his arms around Dean’s back and pressed his forehead to Dean’s again. “Although I can’t say I’m disappointed.”
“Dean—” Jack called, but the slamming of the bunker door cut him off, plunging him back into silence.
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat, thrown off by Dean’s boldness, and he nodded, rolling to his knees and then his feet. He reached for Dean’s hand and pulled him up as well, then drew him in for a long, slow kiss, for once feeling unburdened of urgency. “Stay,” he whispered to Dean as he finally broke away, then dropped to his knees. Dean’s cheeks flushed, but he obeyed as Castiel slipped his hands beneath the elastic of his boxers, carefully sliding them and his jeans to Dean’s ankles, leaving him exposed to the tropical night air. Dean cleared his throat and stepped backwards, just a shuffle, to free his clothes from around his ankles, and Castiel pushed them aside.
Castiel smiled against Dean’s shoulder and then pushed him gently up. “Alright,” he said. And then, for the second time, “Wait here.”
“So you mean either way, you end up human in the end?” Jack wondered, peering intently as Castiel, who nodded.
“That’s one word for it,” Sam said with a laugh. He pulled out some hamburger buns and a jar of pickles, then set them on the counter and turned for Castiel. “Hey, Cas?”
“Because you deserve good things, Dean,” answered Castiel quietly. “Because I’ve hurt you too. Because I also love you.”
Dean wrenched himself out of the car and slammed the door too quickly to catch Castiel rolling his eyes.
It's with this story that I also hang up my fanfiction pen. I've loved this, but in the words of Led Zeppelin, it's time to ramble on. I hope you've enjoyed it too. Carry on, y'all. <3
“He’s an angel,” reminded Sam gently, removing the thermometer and setting it on a nearby table. “He’ll pull through.”
“My, you boys are a trip,” said Rowena, grinning as she listened. Castiel rolled his eyes and turned back to face Sam and Jack.
“Effelent,” mouthed Dean. He swallowed hard, then lurched forward to plant a messy, sour kiss on Castiel’s lips with a little “mmm” sound. “Thanks for this, Cas. It’s nice. Really.”
“You got it,” said Dean. He clapped Sam on the shoulder as he stepped around him and out into the hallway, feigning nonchalance. Once outside, he hesitated a moment and then angled his head to peek back into the room, casting one last glance over Castiel, watching as Sam took a seat in his chair and hunched forward to watch the angel. Finally satisfied, he nodded to himself, and struck out for the garage.
“Are you alright?” asked Castiel, his voice suddenly softer than the commands, sounding out of place. “Is this alright?”
Castiel felt the rage in his chest calm, the tendrils of it receding like weeds in winter, crawling back into the cracks of a sidewalk. “I do,” he murmured, nearly a purr, as he wound his arms around Dean’s waist. He let out a contented sigh and closed his eyes, nuzzling Dean’s forehead with his own. “I could get used to this.”
Dean snagged them from the air and pocketed them, then ran a hand through his hair. “Think we can get him to a bed?”
Dean answered by mirroring Castiel’s position to pull him in close and press their foreheads together. “Yeah, Cas,” he whispered, and let his eyes slip closed as he leaned in to steal a slow, tender kiss.
“You were an assignment,” Castiel said softly, staring at his hand on Dean’s shoulder. He squeezed a little. “A mission. I didn’t question my orders, though I didn’t understand why God chose me. Now I think he must have known.”
“NO!” yelled Castiel, reaching out to try and snag the front of Michael’s shirt, but he was too late.
Dean’s pupils blew even further open in the dark, but he obliged, shifting his weight to move his hand between them. He pushed his lips back into Castiel’s, then rolled his hips and pressed his wet fingers against Castiel’s entrance at the same time.
“I remember everything,” said Castiel. He slipped his hand beneath Dean’s shirt and ran his fingers up his lover’s stretching spine, scratching lightly.
Dean smirked. “Well,” he said, and leaned forward to claim the almost-angel’s lips in a brief, but bruising kiss. “You need to eat something anyway. You’ve had a rough couple days.”
He paced around the bunker, peeking into the kitchen and then the library in search of the kid. On a whim, he decided to slip down to the medical room and glance at the progress of the tangled grace. Maybe there’d be
The Bunker powering down cut him off. Sam and Jack both bounced to their feet in a second flat, peering into the darkness, then at each other when the red emergency lights flickered on.
“Yeah,” agreed Sam. He turned to pull some keys from a drawer below the cabinets, then settle the grace on a shelf in one of them. He locked the doors behind him and turned to toss Dean the keys.
“Good,” Castiel repeated, and his body softened beneath Dean. “And I am okay, with this grace. Without my own mixing with it, I seem to be alright—but over time, it’ll grow. I don’t think I should keep it forever. And I’ll admit, it feels wrong—it isn’t me. But,” he leaned down to kiss Dean’s cheek again, then nuzzle his ear, “I do like having my wings again, and I think we should enjoy them while I do.”
Over his shoulder, Castiel glanced back to the water and his heart briefly stuttered when he didn’t see Dean. He stood, readying himself to flit to his rescue, but then caught sight of his lover’s head breaching the waves. An exhale of relief passed Castiel’s lips, and he turned back to separate the plates. Onto one, he dumped some half-crushed chocolate-covered strawberries from one of the boxes with a little frown at their state. He opened the remaining box and pulled out two antique champagne glasses, placing them carefully on the other plate. The envelope he folded and slipped into his back pocket, the boom box he settled behind the alcohol, and then he rose, taking the empty boxes to the duffel, and then tossing the duffel to the side.
Sam, Dean, and Jack sat at the table and started digging into the food, and Castiel leaned back against the headboard of the bed and listened to the music, focused on keeping his stolen grace tucked away.
“Stop,” whispered Castiel. He pulled away just enough to look up at Dean’s face, and he angled his chin to kiss away the tears streaming down Dean’s cheeks. “You have nothing to be sorry for. Please believe me. Please just—”
“You can’t mix them,” he said, rummaging in his pack again and unrolling another bundle—one glowing a bit brighter, a bit more blue than Castiel’s. “But you can take this one instead.”
“I was,” confirmed Castiel softly. His lips pulled down at Dean’s wince, and the foreign grace inside him flared once more, though not as strongly. This time, he managed to conceal the pain and watch Dean instead.
“Find you?” Michael interrupted. He chuckled. “That may be the stupidest question you’ve ever asked—well, anyone.”
“SAM! Stop calling the damn burners!” Dean’s voice echoed from the atrium, the heavy door slamming behind him.
“Really nice,” said Sam, perking up again. “Like a calendar October day. Warm in the sun, cool breeze, only a few clouds.”
“You’re okay,” whispered Dean, panic in his voice and eyes. He knelt down beside the chair to keep his head level with Castiel’s. “You’re okay, Cas.”
Dean kept beating his fists on the barrier, scrabbling to try and get view of Castiel. “CAS! Cas, hold on! Just hold on!” The shockwaves were so loud, Dean didn’t hear Sam and Jack trying to break down his door. The mist reached nearly to Dean’s shoulders, now. “CAS!”
“You know, without your grace we’re probably on pretty even footing,” said Dean, smirking. He looked Castiel up and down. “I could take you.”
“Sure thing, Cas,” said Sam, grinning easily. He rocked back on his heels and cleared his throat, shooting Dean a pointed glance. “Dean? You with us?”
Dean and Castiel didn’t let go of each other until well after sunset. Even as they sat at the edge of the cliffs with Sam, watching the sunset, catching up, their arms were hooked, fingers wound. They talked about Jack and Rowena—the spellwork to get them this far—and Michael. Sam mentioned the colors of the sky—how the blue looked somehow bluer, a shade he’d never quite seen; how the setting sun was still streaked with vibrant oranges and yellows and reds, but somehow
“The spell must operate outside of temporal constructs,” Castiel mused. “It’s mirroring each of our times, creating a sustainable—”
“Oh,” said Dean, cheeks flaring red beneath his freckles. He cleared his throat awkwardly as Castiel stepped away to easily scoop up Sam and place him on the bed in the center of the room. “We should leave him a note or something,” Dean added, striding over to the room’s desk. “He’ll think we’re in some kind of—”
And if he was being brutally honest with himself (and as quickly as he’d been drinking that whiskey, he was more honest than usual), he had a thing for the angel. He’d wished more than once, even when sober, that Castiel had picked a female vessel—but then it wouldn’t really be Cas. And that was the problem. It’s what Cas had been saying to Claire.
A sickening crack, then the worst pain he’d ever known. Dean’s panicked face across the yard, his voice screaming
Castiel sighed and leaned his forehead on the barrier, and Dean tilted his to meet it against the cold. “I love you,” Castiel whispered back. Then, after a moment, he leaned back. “How long has it been there? How many weeks?”
“Yeah. Actually, I dunno,” answered Dean. He pulled out his phone. “I’ll text him.” He began thumbing out a message and was almost through when Castiel started reaching for the phone, though he only touched and didn’t take it.
“I dunno,” said Dean, reaching out to thumb over Castiel’s cheek. “Not so different. Still good. Still loyal—maybe just a better kind of good, now. Loyal to better things.”
Castiel leaned up into it, sliding a hand up Dean’s back. The sunflowers in his stomach were just beginning to bloom again when Sam’s voice came from the hallway.
“You too,” she answered simply. “So, my guess is we won’t be here more than a week tops, but I took the master bedroom anyway. But the other one’s cozy. Got a twin bed and everything.”
“I am,” laughed Dean quietly, and he sucked in a chattering breath. His fingers, tense with cold, struggled to move to bend back around Castiel’s hands, and Castiel shook his head.
Dean balked. He pushed angrily up from the bed and folded his arms. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Castiel was silent. He jerked his gaze away from Dean and went back to his paper, seething. Dean ruffled. “Cas…” he warned. Castiel still didn’t look up, petulantly upcapping his pen and focused on the words. “Damnit, Cas!” He reached out and snatched the pen from Castiel, throwing it across the room. “C’mon. You wanna argue? Let’s argue. Hell, let’s fight, since that’s what you seem to want tonight. C’mon, Cas,” Dean goaded, reaching out and pushing Castiel on the shoulder.
Dean grunted and turned around to shake Sam’s shoulder. “Rise and shine, sleeping beauties,” he said as he smacked Jack’s shoe as well.
Dean had been driving for seventeen minutes when his phone started buzzing in his pocket. He smiled at Castiel’s name on the screen and slid the arrow into the green. “Cas, hey—what? …Why are you on Cas’s phone? …Not far. Went to a pawn shop…What? …What happened? …M’on my way. Keep him safe.”
Sam heard snapping branches and leaves, and Jack’s voice crying out in frustration more than once, before he emerged from the forest, arms full of more wildflowers—yellow marigolds and witch hazel, purple aster, and even a few small sunflowers and black-eyed-susans.
“You didn’t,” said Dean, quietly, and stretched. He shot a look over his shoulder at Sam and Jack, both still sleeping hard.
Finally, Castiel cleared his throat and pushed himself to his feet, standing there awkwardly. Dean glanced aside again and couldn’t stop a little smirk—Castiel wore the same terrified, bewildered expression he had the first time they worked a case together, when he’d shown his badge upside-down.
He was just about to wrench open the nearest door when he felt a hand on his shoulder, pulling him back. “No,” Castiel commanded, moving himself in front of Dean.
Dean wrinkled his nose and shrugged. He pounded the rest of his coffee in a few quick gulps and settled in, opening the journal to page one. The four of them stayed at the table all day, only breaking for lunch and dinner, and finally, sleep. When the bunker was finally quiet, Dean once again snuck from his room with a bottle of whiskey, making his way to the library.
“Rowena called it a ‘dark mirror,’” Dean answered softly, gaze never leaving Castiel’s. “I don’t know. Not long.”
“We’re at the wrong end,” he muttered to Dean, pulling the door ever-so-slightly wider. The shrieks and clangs and sounds of gunshots erupted wrongly into the bright afternoon sun. “Sam and Claire are barricaded on the other side.”
Castiel managed a little smile back and turned one palm upward in invitation. When Dean accepted and laced their fingers, he gave their hands a little squeeze. “About the stages of grief. I think I’m somewhere between denial and acceptance, which is ironic.”
Dean gave him an odd look, then wandered over to the table, gruffness returning. “Alright,” he said. “Let’s do this.”
Castiel sucked in a breath and stared up at Dean, voice stuck in his throat. He swallowed, then asked, “What do you want to talk about?”
Dean didn’t answer verbally, but he started at Castiel, nodding and panting. Castiel nodded back and leaned forward to kiss Dean’s forehead, disappearing into thin air as he did. As disorienting as it always was, Dean reveled, briefly, in the cool rush of air Castiel’s departure left behind. Within seconds, though, Castiel was back, the Impala shifting and creaking with the sudden re-addition of weight. The blanket from Dean’s bed was bunched beneath an arm, and in each hand he held a bottle: one whiskey, one water.
“Hmmph,” Castiel laughed a little, turning his full attention back to the road. He was quiet for a while longer, and when he spoke again, he was serious once more. “I know my wings are lost, whatever choice I make,” he said. “I’ve accepted that. Well—mostly.”
In a moment they were both bare, and Cas flipped Dean onto his back. Dean’s hand bunched around the sheet as Cas began mouthing a slow path of kisses down his chest. He dragged his nails along Dean’s sides and stopped to nip at a hipbone, pulling a small moan from Dean’s throat. But the doubt was introduced, and despite the heady pleasure, it nagged at the back of Dean’s brain, threatening to shake him from the moment. It was gnawing on him—not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to notice. “Cas…” he said softly, reaching down to touch his lover’s hair.
Dean braced himself in front of his door, counted to three, and opened it. The room was still empty, and just as chaotic as he’d left it.
“Taking a ‘long as hell shower,’ he said,” said Castiel, punctuating the words with finger quotes. “He was very cold.”
Dean rolled his eyes at Sam, who was taking out his frustration on a book of ancient sigils. He looked to his phone again and pulled up his messages, thumbing out a text to Castiel.
“Shh,” whispered Castiel. He leaned in and quieted Dean with a soft kiss. He held still until Dean relaxed into it, and then he parted his lips. “I love you,” he breathed into Dean’s mouth, bruising the kiss deeper before pulling back. “I know. We’ll talk about it later. I promise. Right now…”
Dean’s prayer came through loud and clear as Castiel lay stunned in the dirt, a few pines spread around him. So at least he wasn’t totally broken, he’d thought.
“Yeah,” said Dean, adopting a shit-eating grin. “Doesn’t count if it’s a fight I don’t mind losing.”
Dean thought Michael was responding to the insult and was preparing another when his body disappeared, then reappeared, and Dean was looking through Michael’s eyes down at Cas on the ground. With a sudden sickness, he realized he was wrong.
“Not gonna lie, that’s convenient,” Dean mumbled again, lifting his brows. He looked down at his suddenly clothed legs, then noticed the rose petals scattered around his feet. “Uhh…” he started, and glanced behind him to see more petals swirling in the foam, then forward toward the beach and the blanket, which he could now make out as decked out in lights. “Cas…what is this?”
“A few years ago we were working a case in this church,” he started. “Or cathedral, I guess. Catholics. But anyway, and I—I thought I was done for, y’know? I had the Mark, we were getting nowhere with it, and I—so I went to confessional.” Dean paused, gauging Castiel’s response, but the angel’s face was open, eyes soft. He swallowed, broke his gaze, and went on. “And I told the priest—well, I said a lot of things. But one of them was that I wanted to uhm…to experience people, feelings differently. Or maybe for the first time. And it was—I was talking about you, Cas. It was about you.”
“Who—Jack?” asked Sam, slipping back into business mode. “Guess he’s still asleep. It’s like seven in the morning, Rowena. We were up late, and he’s a kid. And newly human.”
Castiel beamed a smile at Dean and leaned in to plant a fond kiss on his lips. “No,” he said around the kiss. “I heard your stomach. And I’ve always been able to sense your longing.”
“I’m sorry,” was Castiel’s only answer. He snagged a white t-shirt from the drawer closest to the door as he opened it and slipped into the hall.
Sam frowned at Jack and his cereal and then grumbled, “Guess you are, like, an immortal with no cholesterol…”
“Damnit,” he sighed to himself and eased the door softly closed behind him. He felt like slamming it shut so hard he broke the hinges, but if that really
” Castiel demanded, and Dean pulled back once more, then added a third finger. He rolled back up Castiel’s body, moaning uncontrollably when Castiel gripped his length tight at the same time as he pushed back inside.
Castiel dropped his hand and tilted his head at Dean. “I didn’t know much about personal grooming,” he said.
“And you don’t know Dean Winchester,” said Castiel, tightening his grip on the blade. “But I do. And I know he’d rather die than be trapped in there with
“See those wee specks of gold in the syringe?” Rowena asked, tilting her head towards Sam. “Those have bonded with Michael’s grace. What’s left belongs to Castiel.”
“…fair point. But we don’t have his grace.” Dean didn’t answer, and Sam pressed. “We left Michael’s grace back at the bunker, right Dean?”
Sam took a step forward and grabbed Dean by the shoulders again, giving him a hard shake. “Take a breath and
“Good,” said Sam, grinning. “Because I already called Claire. Congrats, guys: you’ve got a teenage daughter.”
“Yes,” Castiel moaned into Dean’s kiss, and Dean slowly pushed those two fingers inside, drawing an open-mouthed gasp from Castiel, who writhed beneath him. “Again,” Castiel said, and Dean obliged. He withdrew his fingers almost completely, then slowly, and with another grind of his hips, slid them back in. “
Cas opened his mouth and held up the vial. The grace rushed in, hungry for a vessel, and Castiel’s veins felt suddenly like they were filled with fire. The room settled briefly into darkness as he swallowed it down and the firelight died, but not for long.
“Cas,” said Dean, cutting him off. “Listen—it’s probably nothing. I mean it’s a freakin’ morgue. And you’re—”
At the sight of the angel and the nails in his wrist, Dean let himself give in, and with a few more thrusts to grind Castiel through his orgasm, he was finishing too, gasping into the soft skin where Castiel’s shoulder met his neck. He collapsed heavily on top of Castiel, heedless of the mess, and lifted his head. Castiel was breathing hard through his parted lips, blue eyes staring wide at Dean.
They arrived to find the witch’s house empty, the evidence of Sam’s and Claire’s exploration lingering in the form of a kicked-in door. Dean shrugged at Cas, and as if on cue, both their phones started ringing. Incoming calls from Sam and Claire, respectively.
“Dean,” Castiel leveled, gravelly as ever, “You know Sam doesn’t like it when you eat things like that in the Impala.”
Castiel dove immediately back down for another kiss, breathing in through his nose as he dipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth, kissing him hot and deep. Dean groaned in his chest and licked back up into Castiel, buried both hands in his dark hair and arched his back. In response, Castiel gripped Dean’s wrists and pinned them to the blanket above his head. Dean laughed against Castiel’s lips, and Castiel silenced him with another bruising kiss, then moved to mouth at the space where Dean’s jawline met his neck, sucking the soft skin between his teeth. He did this again, two more times, then three, moving slowly down the side of Dean’s neck until he reached the edge of his t-shirt.
When Sam spoke, Jack lifted his head and found Dean as well. Dean lifted his mug in greeting, and Jack responded with a sheepish, but proud, smile.
“Even I know that, lad,” said Rowena. She twirled a lock of red hair around a finger. “He’s a bit of a martyr.”
Castiel didn’t say another word. Slowly, gently, he pushed himself inside Dean, and Dean relaxed himself around the pressure, letting Castiel sink himself until Dean was flush with his hips. They both groaned in unison, and Castiel leaned forward over Dean to press a kiss between his shoulderblades. “Give me your hand,” he whispered, and Dean resettled one of his hands closer to Castiel on the floor. One of Castiel’s landed softly on top, winding his fingers through Dean’s, tender and cautious in the wake of his demands.
“I suppose I didn’t die, then,” Castiel said simply, then sat up, loosening Dean’s grip. “Why am in a tub?”
The corners of his eyes started filling with a soft brown light, and he became aware of dull, burning ache where his wrists and ankles should be. He felt his chest expand, and it dawned on him that in his dream world, he hadn’t truly felt the sensation of drawing breath.
“Your mistake,” Michael spoke over Dean, pointedly, the harshness of it wrong coming from such a small woman of a vessel. “Is in your pocket, Sam.”
Castiel turned over his shoulder and smiled so brightly it made Dean’s heart ache. “Hello, Dean. How did you sleep?”
Especially not hunters. This life we live? Everybody’s grabbing happiness wherever and however they can find it.” He paused for a moment and chuckled. “Garth married and became a freakin’ werewolf. You’re allowed to be in love with a guy. Or an angel in a guy’s body.”
“A few things,” said Rowena. “First, he’ll be wanting it back, aye? Sure, he’ll recover, but without this—”
“In a sense,” answered Castiel. He set aside the bloody gauze and reached for a new piece—a longer one. “Not like it was for you, I imagine, if the state of your hands is any indication.” Dean cringed, and Castiel lifted the unbandaged hand to press a soft kiss to one of the battered knuckles. “It must be much more real for you. For me, I was trapped there with you, but you couldn’t see me. I had to watch you live your life—live
Castiel cleared his throat and nodded, straightening, suddenly very serious again. “Yes,” he said, voice almost reverent as he reached to take Dean’s left hand in one of his, the ring in the other. He paused, then looked up at Dean and said, “I know it’s a little redundant, but—marry me, Dean?”
Dean didn’t answer—just took a long swig from his beer and sighed, watched Sam jog over to the tree where Castiel stood, helplessly staring up at Jack hanging from the branches, hands on his hips. He smirked as the wind carried the sound of their gentle bickering to the table.
go to lift Dean, both hands moving to grab the backs of Dean’s knees and sweep him up to seat Dean around his waist. Dean sucked in a breath of surprise, but kept his lips pressed to Castiel’s, his fingers deep in the angel’s dark hair. Dean parted his lips to speak but found himself cut off.
“She uhh…” Sam rubbed the back of his neck, glanced at Dean, then laughed and looked back at Castiel. “I think she has a…a crush.”
“And we can’t decide for him,” said Sam, conceding. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don’t like this, Cas.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck and sighed into the kiss, feeling like his chest might burst open from love. He used the kiss to nudge Castiel, gently guiding him to roll onto his back, and when Dean was on top he melted against the angel, letting his whole weight fall to Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s hands trailed over Dean’s back, crushing them still closer, and Castiel parted his lips to pull the breath from Dean’s lungs. Dean shuddered and grazed Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth, and Castiel gasped. Something warm and wet touched Dean’s cheek, and just as he thought the angel might be crying, a wave of grace rolled through Castiel’s body, so hot and full of static Dean felt it brush against his own skin.
“Yeah,” said Dean shortly, wadding up his flannel and tossing it to the table where it landed with a low, wet slap.
It was dark—still nighttime in whatever part of the world Castiel had brought him to, and there were no city lights or power poles in sight. There was no need, though; the sky was so clear Dean could see every star, and the moon, though not quite full, was so bright it illuminated everything in a soft, white glow. Before him spread out the navy ocean, shot through with a bright beam moonlight. Dean and Castiel were standing on a tiny stretch of shoreline about twenty feet from the waves, but on either side of the sand the landscape turned sharply upwards into blunt, high cliffs covered in tall whispering grass. He craned his neck over his shoulder to look behind him, and saw that the cliffs and greenery continued there, though on a gentler slope.
Dean let out a long, slow breath and leaned his forehead against Castiel’s, closing his eyes. “We’ve been through this,” he answered wearily.
When he sees Dean after thinking he was dead. He almost said ‘fuck it’ and kissed him then, but Dean’s mother was there, and it was all too much. Still, Cas wishes he had.
Dean stared back and his smile faded into something open, curious, and Castiel broke his gaze to lean back on his left hand, then lift up his right and trail his fingers slowly along the length of Dean’s arm. Dean watched him curiously, but his lips parted with a breath of realization when Castiel meticulously placed each finger on Dean’s shoulder in the exact location they’d been when Castiel’s hand scarred him, years ago, when he dragged him up from Hell.
Only once during the course of the night did Dean leave Castiel, and even then, he had Sam come look after the sleeping angel. Around midnight, Dean got antsy and cramped, and texted Sam that he needed a quick bathroom break. Before his brother got there, Dean carefully slipped out from behind Castiel and laid him out flat, tucking a blanket around his sides. The angel didn’t budge. Dean tried to make the room look casual for when Sam arrived: he quickly and quietly silenced the still-clicking vinyl, then lifted the chair from his desk to angle it toward the bed and opened his laptop, pulled up an article about angels on some occult website he’d had open before. He had barely settled himself in the chair with the computer in his lap, feet propped on the bed, when Sam arrived.
“Yeah Cas, don’t,” said Michael. He smirked and took a half-step back, but Castiel pressed forward with him, the blade never leaving his throat. “What do you want?” Michael hissed through his teeth, façade cracking.
Not knowing what to do, Dean took another large bite of cake. Castiel faltered as well, and looked to Sam, who smirked and lifted his glass.
“Stupid son of a bitch,” he yelled and threw his phone, missing the incoming witch text from Sam as he tore out for their fake house.
“Now,” said Dean, scooting forward to lie on his back and crook an arm beneath his head. “We chill.”
Castiel wrapped his arms back around Dean and he gasped into the kiss, dug his fingers hard into the skin of Dean’s shoulders, dragged his nails down the length of Dean’s back. Dean shuddered and moaned into Castiel’s kiss, worked open his jaw to part their lips and lick deep into Castiel’s mouth. His hips rolled at the same time, and Castiel shivered back, dropped a hand to the front of Dean’s jeans to work at the button and zipper. Dean let him push them down, awkwardly—the fabric heavy with water and tight from arousal, and when he’d managed to kick them to the floor, Dean made quick work of Castiel’s zipper too.
Castiel looked up to meet Dean’s gaze and stared blankly for a moment, but then curled his lips into a small, challenging grin. He arched a brow. “Are you?”
Castiel opened his mouth and closed it again. He looked Dean up and down carefully. “I don’t know if I want to talk about this while you’re surrounded by weapons.”
Rage flared up in Castiel, wild and more complicated than anything he’d felt as an angel—and in the back of his mind he realized this was why Dean flew off the handle so much easier than he did; human anger felt far more impossible to control. “We were meant to
“We need to go through it again,” said Castiel. “But not right now. Now we need to be there for Jack.”
“I am fighting,” answered Castiel. He reached back out for Dean and cradled his cheek with one hand. When Dean leaned into the touch, Castiel stepped forward to pull him into a tight embrace. “But I’m also watching you,” he said softly into Dean’s ear. “Watching your fear.  I thought if I stayed calm it might keep you from spiraling.”
“Scrapes and bruises,” Sam said, swooping an arm behind his back in a bad attempt at hiding what’s obviously a broken wrist.
The minutes ticked slowly by as Castiel read, marking passages here and there, the semi-circle of books and scrolls surrounding him gradually expanding. Jack stopped by at some point and gathered a stack from the table to take to the war room and read with Sam, who was researching there on his laptop. The lack of information Castiel was finding, coupled with the archangel grace slowly building again inside him, set Castiel even more on edge than was typical.
“Glad you had fun,” said Dean, his grin cracking wider as he leaned his head back, closing his eyes.
Castiel’s features mirrored Dean’s. “Two weeks,” he answered softly, thoughtfully. “It seems time here moves differently.”
Sam looked up and stepped back. “Nothing, Dean. I was just checking.” He stared at his brother for a moment, considering, before he approached to take a glass. “I know this whole thing with you two is new, but it’s also not. I’m not trying to be a jerk, but man, you gotta hold it together.”
Dean shivered with his whole body and nodded into a deep, hot kiss, licking and gasping into Castiel’s mouth like it was the first time, or the last. He braced an elbow beside Castiel’s head for balance and ground his hips into Castiel’s erection, pulling a loud moan from the almost-angel.
It was Castiel’s turn to find himself smiling unintentionally, but instead of being caught by Sam or Claire, it was Dean who looked up to notice the angel’s heart-eyed gaze. “Uhh—Cas?” Dean mumbled, his own ears growing hot and red.
“I did this to you,” he said, matter-of-factly. When Dean shook his head, he continued, “No, Dean. I did. I know what you’ll say—it wasn’t me, it was a spell, and you’re right. It wasn’t me. But they were my hands.”
They’d just returned from a six-day-long hunt of a trio of Wendigos in the national forest west of Denver, and though the fight itself had been a bit of a milk run, the tracking hadn’t. The Wendigos were deep in the woods, far from hiking paths and roads, which meant days of sleeping badly on the ground in tents. Even with Castiel running recon in the air with Michael’s stolen, boosted grace, he could still only ever seem to find two of them at a time.
Castiel tilted his chin down to nuzzle his nose against the soft skin behind Dean’s ear. He closed his eyes as well and sighed before speaking lowly into Dean’s hair. “Does that bother you?” he asked gently.
“Damnit, Rowena,” he grouched to himself, throwing off the tangle of covers. He stalked out into the hall and found all but Jack in the library, where Sam was holding a golf-ball sized purple crystal in his palm, listening to instructions from the witch.
Dean stared across the table at Sam, then looked to Jack, and sighed. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Hey, Rowena!” he yelled to the distance.
Castiel was quiet, thoughtful. Instead of responding, he rose and touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead. “I’ve been too weak to be much help, but I’ve been doing a little a day. Speeding up your healing,” he said. “I’ll let Sam know to bring the car since you’ll be checking out.”
Jack was sitting cross-legged on the bed, the ingredients of the spell spread out methodically before him. Rowena handed him a sheet of paper and set the hotel phone on the bed nearby. “Ready,” he said.
“Should do it,” nodded Dean, and watched as the man slowly began to type prices into an old school calculator. Rather than watch, Dean turned to glance absently over the smattering of odds and ends nearby.
“No—you said he’s where?” said Dean, eyes wide. His heart was thudding madly in his chest, and his ears were starting to ring.
“Okay,” said Sam, nodding once. He opened his mouth to speak again, but a hand flew to the gun at his hip at the sound of a car pulling up to their room, headlights beaming faintly through the curtains.
With the quick shifting of their weight, one of Castiel’s heels had stepped backwards into the hem of his borrowed, barely-too-long jeans. As fast as he’d lifted Dean his foot slipped out from beneath them and he slid down the wall, landing hard on his ass and taking Dean with him. Dean, now straddling Castiel’s lap in the floor, blinked his shock at the angel, and Castiel blinked back before his lips twisted into a childish grin.
“We both did,” Castiel answered, shifting to lower his head further, tilt Dean’s head to the side. “We’ll make up for it.” He pressed his lips to the warm skin of Dean’s neck, feeling his lover’s pulse beneath it.
“That’s the idea,” Dean teased, and then ate his words: one of Castiel’s hands dragged down around Dean’s hip and slipped underneath to grip his arousal and pull, and in the shock of it, he let out a too-audible moan of his own.
Gretchen smiled at the pair of them, and though a look of confusion flashed across her face at Dean’s expression, she quickly picked back up with the meeting, discussing plans to implement counseling sessions during homeroom in the wake of all the murders. Cas removed his hand, and Dean shoved his into his lap, his features turning to stone, but his ears burning red at the tips.
Castiel smiled a broken smile and took a step forward. The ethereal light made the tears in his eyes gleam silver; his irises were like gems. “So do you.”
“Okay, shut up, both of you!” Sam finally snapped, throwing up his palms. Dean and Jack silenced and turned to Sam; Dean petulant, Jack sheepish. He exhaled and went on quietly, restrained. “Look. I know the last few days haven’t been easy, and we’re all itchy from being cooped up in here with all the stress. But this isn’t helping. You can fight when we’ve got Cas back, but right now, I need to
Dean nodded and hooked his elbows under Castiel’s shoulders and pulled, resting the angel’s head against his chest. Sam, as promised, was at his side in an instant to tuck his arms under Castiel’s knees. Together, they walked him awkwardly across the garage and inside, and started working their way carefully down the hall.
Castiel sat back and looked up at Dean, then back down to Dean’s feet. He lifted his right hand to touch Dean’s ankle, then slowly run it up the length of his leg, fingers skimming over the curve of his calf and stopping at the bend of his knee. Leaning forward, Castiel began pressing soft, savoring kisses up the front of Dean’s thigh, his hand moving again to gently squeeze its way up the back. When he reached Dean’s hip he pressed his forehead to the bone for a long moment, waiting for something—Dean didn’t know what. Finally, he stood as well, dragging his fingers over Dean’s rear, across the curve of his back and up his spine. Castiel’s left hand met Dean’s other hip and he ran it up Dean’s side, then across his chest, finally coming to a halt to spread over his heart, the right hand resting at the nape of Dean’s neck. For his part, Dean was breathing hard and heavy, his pulse racing.
“You told me you were broken,” said Castiel, matter-of-factly. “Lost—when I died. You didn’t tell me all of it.”
“I do like this song, yes,” answered Castiel after a moment. “It’s calm. Less abrasive that most of the other music in here.”
“Thank you, Sam,” said Castiel, reaching out to take the vial almost ceremoniously. He rolled it in his palm for a moment, then looked back at Dean. “It’s—strange,” he said softly. “I’d actually gotten used to being human.”
“Dean,” came Castiel’s voice, so soft it was almost a whisper. Dean signed with his whole body, and Castiel, nervous, spoke again, bringing his other hand up to cup Dean’s face. “Are you alright?”
Castiel’s hard mask faltered just slightly, and faded completely to guilt when Dean finished, “I can’t lose you again, man. I can’t. So don’t do stupid shit like that just because you’re pissed at me.”
“You don’t want it to be true?” Castiel asked, and in his head, his voice sounded like a desperate, strangling thing, though if Dean noticed, he didn’t comment.
Michael rolled his eyes. “Not this again,” he said. He sunk his hands into the pocket of his trench coat. “We’ve been down this road.”
Dean patted him on his back while he vomited, grinning drunkenly, “Welcome to your first human pre-hangover.”
And having Cas here, forced into this role of domesticity, with a kid—even if it wasn’t real, it reminded Dean of Lisa and Ben, and how he wanted that now with Cas. Not that kind of life—hunters (and in truth, Cas was a hunter now) never got to settle and get a grill and a dog. But he could see himself settling with Cas, sharing a room in the bunker, fighting beside each other and going out in flames one day, the way they both knew they always would.
“But Cas—” said Dean, and he sighed, softening without meaning to. “He’s one of very few things that make both those lists. And I—it took me too damn long to figure that out, and I can’t ignore it. Not anymore. Not after everything.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Is that another word you don’t like?” he asked, though not unkindly. He began spreading his jeans and t-shirt over the front seat.
Castiel stood there for a long while, watching birds swoop and dive through the valley, until the sun began to burn his shoulders. He tested his clothes and, finding them dry, dressed himself, then picked up a jagged stone and padded back to his tree. Castiel dragged the stone down a smooth spot on the bark, leaving a thin cut beside a line of thin cuts marking his 71st day. Not for the first time, he thought about Dean—whether he was alive or dead, if Dean believed Castiel was really dead—and pressed his head to the bark.
“What it means is he’s got the liver of an adult,” interrupted Dean. He splashed a little whiskey in the glass belligerently. “Have at it, kid,” he said, and passed the drink to Jack.
Castiel’s smile turned bashful, and he leaned his cheek into Dean’s hand, humming contentedly. Dean tossed his keys onto the dash with his other hand and turned sideways in the seat to stare at him, and Castiel squirmed happily under the attention. “So,” he said.
“It’s the wings,” said Jack, sitting up straight. He stared off into space for a minute, then looked over to Dean, a sadness coming over him. “Isn’t it?”
“Getting there,” said Dean. He smiled back at Cas, and for a brief moment, he was happy to stand still with his angel—to let the sound of classic rock on crackling vinyl and the feel of Cas’s warm hands in his wash him into contentment.
“And just look at you now,” Michael continued, stepping forward out of the circle. “Jealous of a hallucination! What’s more, a hallucination of
Everyone went silent, and when Sam nodded, Rowena started a low chant, words a blend of Latin and some ancient Celtic tongue. She added ingredients slowly and tossed in a match, and a thick, red smoke began to curl from the bowl’s depths, glittering with yellow sparks.
“One knocks me out,” he said to Castiel, reading the muscle relaxer’s label. “How many should you take?”
The late afternoon sunshine bathed everything in gold. A pleasantly cool breeze slipped between the branches of the trees dotting the hillside, making the leaves gossip and laugh. Lying there on his back in the greenest grass Dean had ever seen was Cas, his eyes impossibly blue, a perfect mirror of the cloudless sky. One arm was tucked comfortably beneath Cas’s head while the fingers of his other hand played silent melodies in the long, soft blades of the swaying grass, and Dean was beside him, watching.
Across the street, Castiel stared back in silence. It was interrupted by an old truck wheezing between them, then the quiet resettled, and Castiel spoke. “I thought I’d be home before you woke.”
“Tell you what,” the old man said, settling the sack of records atop the player. “Why don’t you take the lot for forty? Ain’t often anybody comes in here and humors an old man with conversation.”
A trio of punctuating gunshots jolted Dean fully awake, only for a moment: he saw the blur of a falling body but couldn’t make out whose it is; from somewhere, heard the clatter of metal, the distinctive whoosh of wings. Then footsteps, Sam yelling, “Cas! Hey! That you in there?” But as the relative calm of a battle won settled over the warehouse, he let the tension leave his body, and drifted back into the black.
Dean startled out of his grouchy stare at Castiel and nodded, turning on a heel. Castiel cast Sam a worried look, which Sam returned with a sigh, before the angel followed Dean down the hallway.
“Why?” countered Dean, trying to conceal the panic rising like bile in his throat. “Like you said, you don’t need him.”
“You rang?” he said, stepping forward. Michael smirked and wagged a finger. “Gotta hand it to you—that trick with the grace? Didn’t see it coming.” He took another step. “You boys are either brilliant, or completely daft. Or both.”
“I know,” said Sam, broken. He wrapped both arms around his brother, too tight to be an embrace. Sam was becoming Dean’s straitjacket. “I know.”
“Not a bit,” Dean mouthed against Cas’s lips, and shivered when he felt Cas’s fingers work open the button and zipper of his jeans.
Castiel smiled. “We’ll find our own word. Or we won’t. We know we are. That’s enough.” He swiped the pad of his thumb gently over Dean’s lower lip, and his smile faded into something serious, reverent. “I’ve been searching for something like this—like you—for millennia. Something was always—I always
“Did you have a nice time?” Michael taunted. “What do you think of my—oh, come now, Cassie! There’s no need for tears.”
Dean stiffens as I take his hands--my stomach lurches--but he settles eventually, and even hooks his thumbs over the top of my knuckles. He lets me hold them, and the tightness inside me bursts into flames. Again, I can't stop myself from smiling. He nods, and I continue.
Dean looked at his palm and squinted. “Speculum orbis terrarum, et in vicis, permitte mihi loqui ad cor meum?” He read slowly. “What’s it do?”
Castiel didn’t speak. He lowered his beer to the table and stared through it, brows knitting. In his chest, his heart lurched with a strange, wonderful pain. He only looked up when Sam spoke again.
“Real? Yes, it’s real. Look,” Castiel replied, and carefully lifted his left hand, letting the silver ring glint in the dim light of the garage. Dean’s head shifted as he looked, then he reached and carefully traced the ring with a finger, before dropping his head again and sighing in answer. Castiel wound his arms back around Dean and brushed his lips against Dean’s temple. “I like you like this,” he admitted. “Not hurting—I mean open. Without your walls.”
“Yes, I heard them the last time I stepped through the portal,” Castiel answered, brows knit in thought.
“You can’t say a word,” Dean warned quietly, no real heat to his words. If anything, he sounded tired, beaten. He wouldn’t look at Sam. “He pulls out of this, m’gonna ask.” After a few moments, when Sam didn’t speak, he cleared his throat and shrugged. “You know me, man. I’m not—I’m a pretty simple guy. I’m not that complicated. There isn’t much I want. Even less that I need.”
The angel gently pulled his hand from Dean’s wrist and ran his fingertips across his lips, the bridge of his cheek, the crest of his ear, and back into the sandy-brown hair. Dean smiled down at him, and quietly, Castiel wondered, “Is this what it was like all the time? In your dreams with Michael?”
“What are you doing to him?” Castiel finally growled at Michael, somehow out of breath. “That’s not just angel magic.”
Castiel tilted his head, stared at Dean. A slow harmonica drifted in from the bedroom. Hesitantly, he lifted his hand toward Dean’s temple. He gently pressed his fingertips to Dean’s forehead, and when Dean cracked a smile, so did Castiel, and he pushed stray strands of Dean’s wet hair back into the whole. Castiel let his hand linger in Dean’s hair, watching him enjoy the shower. “Dean?”
“Because I pulled you out,” said Castiel gently. His thumb swiped away a tear on Dean’s cheek. “Because we found you. Because,” Castiel began, and then smiled a little. “Because I’m human, otherwise I wouldn’t be experiencing my first hangover—which is less than pleasant.”
“I need you,” he said again, and pulled Dean close. “I love you,” he whispered, and Dean leaned down to meet his beloved’s lips in a bruising kiss.
Castiel looked down at Dean, then nodded, and Dean watched as he shifted a little to sit up straighter, close his eyes and focus. Dean smiled at him and closed his own eyes again, sighing happily. And Castiel listened: to the steady wind shaking the tall grass and the reeds; the dull thunder rumbling like a train in the distance, growing closer; a fish splashing in the water; the high, slow song of crickets and cicadas; a bullfrog’s lazy, drawling croak.
Dean’s cheeks flushed, and he knew Castiel could sense the change of heat against his neck, because he felt his lover smile against his temple. “You writin’ poems now, Cas?”
“Not with him marrying her,” said Dean, scoffing lightly. He squeezed Castiel’s hand and shook his head. “Nah, Cas, they all say he’s the one who kills her.” He snorted humorlessly. “Kinda cruel, huh? Every girl Sam ever loved—I think he blames himself for them all. But there was this girl, a werewolf, he actually did have to kill her. Then the British Men of Dickbags got to Eileen, and his demon blood curse got to Jessica, now this. No wonder he’s freaked out.”
“Why would a witch recruit monsters when they could just send people into traffic?” Castiel asked, squinting toward the ambulance.
Sam hunched over the coffee maker and watched the pot fill slowly, drop by agonizing drop. He’d been the one to make it and stood there the entire time, and now it was nearly full. He breathed out through his nose and impatiently jerked out the carafe. Drops of still-brewing coffee hissed and sizzled against the hot warming plate without the pot to catch them. He was pouring himself a mug when Cas appeared through the door of the kitchen, looking more haggard than an angel should.
Dean watched the angel’s face fall and couldn’t take it. He sighed and rubbed his hand down his face, walking for the exit again. “No, man, come on—I don’t mean it like that. You did good. I just don’t like people thinking we’re—”
, and intrigued, he singled it out and set the box aside to press that tape into the player. A low, grungy guitar started, and Castiel stared at the train passing as he listened to the music, turned down low to not wake the boys. He seemed to be enjoying it for the moment until a line,
“Yeah, uhh, we may need you after all,” came the voice over the receiver. Castiel’s phone had stopped ringing, and Dean put his on speaker. They could hear shrieks in the background, and a close-by gunshot. Dean guessed that was Claire.
“Wait—I thought we were both going,” interrupted Jack, stepping towards Castiel and Sam. “You can’t just leave me here.”
Dean’s heart pounded in his chest. He felt like a raw nerve—vulnerable, open. He was exhausted but exhilarated, too tired to worry about keeping up his walls. Without really meaning to, he answered, meeting Castiel’s gaze, “Then touch me, Cas.”
“Mom used to sing this to me to get me to fall asleep,” he said, and he stood there and let it play through the first chorus, but then began to fast-forward through it. Behind him, Castiel’s face lit up with the memory of Sam’s earlier words, and he made a note to ask Dean to play the whole thing for him later.
A woman, olive-skinned and dressed in a black power suit, had materialized behind Castiel and was holding him by the neck, other hand extended toward a dumbfounded Sam.
“Whatever, shut up,” Claire grumbled, finally. “Look, if we—I guess if we find the witch, they can take us to the monsters.”
Within moments, Dean’s hips bucked up, and Castiel felt Dean’s warmth spill and throb inside him as Dean’s own orgasm pulsed through him, the two of them coming together, heartbeats and moans creating a chaotic, beautiful song in the forest.
Castiel nodded. He traced absentminded circles over Dean’s knee with a finger. “It’s not so odd. Angels, or the concept of beings like angels, exist in almost every religion. Our presence is often mistaken for spirits of some kind, and they name us—sometimes gods, too…” he trailed off, and then looked up to Dean, smiling playfully. “Castiel is my true name, but I’ve been called others. Some you’ll know.”
“Of course I’ll wear it, Cas,” said Dean, looking back up to meet the angel’s gaze with accidental tears threatening his own eyes. “Anchor or not. Course I will.” Castiel’s lips broke into a wide smile, and Dean started to slide the ring onto his finger but stopped. “You wanna do it?”
“Not the whole thing,” said Castiel. He folded his arms loosely across his chest and angled himself toward Dean.
Castiel shook his head. “Almost. Like this,” he said to Jack, who held a can of red spray paint. Castiel gripped Jack gently by the wrist, then said softly, “Let me control your arm. Alright, spray.” Jack did, and Castiel swooped their arms together in one fluid motion to paint a particularly tricky sigil on the hotel wall. “Got it?”
“Shh, no,” said Castiel, his cheek pressed against Dean’s, arms holding his lover tightly to his chest beneath the blanket. “So much has happened, and for you, so quickly.”
Rowena carefully removed the dome from over the crystal and hovered her palms above it, closing her eyes.
Dean nodded and cast Sam a little, embarrassed smile, and Sam patted the wall and exited, pulling the door closed behind him. When he was alone again, he let out a long, slow sigh and drained his whiskey, then stood to move the chair back across the room, leaving his glass as well. He stowed the bag with the ring in a desk drawer and then returned to Castiel’s side. Dean felt his forehead, leaned down to listen to him breathing, checked his pulse, and carefully wormed his back back behind the angel to lean against the headboard and hold him close.
Dean smiled. “It’s a pretty human thing. When we’re down we like to listen to stuff that keeps us there,” he said, and then added, “Because we hate ourselves, I guess.” He paused, and his heart thudded, stomach twisted. He looked over at Castiel and asked, gently, “So what’s got you there?”
Before either of the men could muster a response, Claire was stalking off for the stairs to collect her gear. Dean and Castiel stood in silence for a few beats, looking anywhere but each other. “You should get cleaned up,” said Dean, finally. “I’ll call Sammy.”
Claire went through every piece of clothing Dean had with him and finally coerced the whining adult into a reasonably stylish outfit: the jeans and shoes he was wearing that he’d refused to take off and a light blue flannel—single layer, she’d insisted, with the sleeves rolled up. With some glasses, Claire joked, they’d look like the perfect hipster couple.
“Okay, great.” Dean interrupted. “Cas, we gotta hurry. I don’t know how long we have. Where’s Michael? Can he see you? He won’t like this.”
Castiel growled low in his throat and swung for Dean, but Dean deflected. He caught Castiel’s arm and rotated them so that Castiel’s arm was twisted to back, and Dean pressed against it. He turned them and shoved Castiel’s chest hard into the wall. “You done?” he asked Castiel, but Castiel growled and reached a leg behind him to hook his foot around one of Dean’s ankles. He pulled and Dean toppled, landing hard on the floor on his back—but he pulled Castiel down with him. Castiel’s rage built up in his chest, and he flipped, straddled Dean on the floor and drew back his fist with intent, his teeth clenched.
