“Why would I?” The rub of the blankets against his cock had, Sherlock supposed, been pleasant. More than pleasant. His cock twitched.
With each long stride, his spirits rose. He ran faster and faster, reaching a sprinting pace that he maintained until he reached the end of his wind. Then, he slowed to a more reasonable pace, his heart pumping and a smile on his face despite himself. He had been so absorbed with his new life here that the pleasures of physical exertion had quite fallen out of his mind, and it was good to do it again.
“Mmm,” Sherlock whispered, now free of his coat and insinuating his hand up John’s thigh. “You’re so warm.”
John looked at him, almost angrily, but the boy’s young, white face remained unmoved. A chill skittered down John’s spine.
“A little,” Douglas acknowledged. “There is more to some of them than you might think. Persist, John, and see what is good in them, though you may have to fight to get what you want.”
Sherlock jumped when John ran his toe along the sole of his foot—ticklish. John, encouraged, did it again.
he wondered as he filled the kettle and poked up the fire. He could, he supposed, pack up Idiot Horse and his journals and go home to be a thorn in Mycroft’s side once again.
It was soft, at first; John’s thin mouth was warm, brushing against Sherlock’s lips gently but firmly. Sherlock’s world narrowed to the mingling of their breaths and the increasing pressure of John’s lips on his own. He reached out to bring John closer; he wanted John flush against him.
“When can you treat me?” Sherlock blurted. “You tested it, it was effective—I can tell, your shoulders are less tense and you’re calmer—and I didn’t want to need it but I do. There’s something terribly wrong with me, John. I can’t work, I can’t think, I’m afraid of perfectly natural things. It’s eating me up. It will destroy my mind and my peace!”
It was postponing the inevitable, though just for a moment. He knew, as well as he knew his own name, that climbing into that bed and wrapping himself around a naked Sherlock Holmes was the only way to save Sherlock’s life and reason. Yet, for the sake of his own reason, he hesitated.
“I should have realized the sack wouldn’t work. Maybe if I tied a string to their legs and made them fly…” He trailed off, his gaze now directed more intensely towards the geese.
Sherlock frowned and then, with the hand that had not touched the squirrel, moved the cheese as well. Might as well allay John’s fears, and since he, Sherlock, had no intention of cooking today, their lunch (and probably dinner) might as well be protected.
“Showoff,” John growled, his pupils dilating. Sherlock opened his eyes wide. “Yes, you. With your curls and your mouth.”
Maybe that was the solution to his problem. John wondered if Lyons would be up for it. He smiled, a degree more warmly than usual, and Lyons smiled back. Was that a spark of interest in his eyes?
“Very well. Idiot.” Sherlock’s mouth quirked, just a little, and John could not help but respond. He nodded sharply, almost militarily.
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m cataloguing her food preferences.” Complete nonsense, of course. Sherlock glanced over to the chest where the prostate massager was stored. John was too overwrought to see it now but it would lodge itself in his psyche.
“I know….I’m sure,” John said, carefully, “that the—whatever is happening—is not for me.. directed at me.”
"Medical treatment? Is that why he chose you? Well,” Holmes said, hesitating, “That, and the fact that this area isn’t in any electoral district, so the political repercussions of my presence are minimized."
“Shameless manipulation,” John grinned, generous in victory. “Unworthy of that great brain of yours. You may walk a mile, perhaps two, but no more. That will take you along the whole south line, and that will have to be enough. Besides, he added, twisting the knife a little, “The north line is right by a bear den—the sow bear up there has got twin cubs, which means she’s unlikely to want visitors.”
And yet he could not go home. He wished desperately to come to terms with some of this. He picked up a notebook, riffled through the pages. What would it serve to record this kind of uncertainty? Words felt inadequate, and so he flipped the notebook closed and watched John instead. His back was to Sherlock and he was slicing bread. Sherlock observed—admired—the lines of his shoulders. Surely they were not as tense as they had been at dinner; had the… act… brought him relief? He opened his mouth to ask, but found himself unable to, at the last moment. This was the ideal opportunity to clarify the physiological outcome of pelvic massage, but he could not formulate his question. Something foreign had gripped him; his eyes lingered on John’s shoulders, his mouth, his hands, and he found he could not ask about John’s physical sensations without blushing.
“He is that. Look, Greg,” John searched for the right words, “we’ve had something rather odd happen.” At Lestrade’s concerned nod, he told him everything, from the first fallen tree, to the dead squirrel, to the final creepy horror of the straw dog.
His breath hitched and his grip on Sherlock’s hand tightened. Sherlock squeezed back, and John was relieved that he wasn’t hallucinating, at least.
“Ah…” Sherlock’s response was barely audible—John would have to look. Holding the tool in place, he took a small step back and squatted, at eye level with Sherlock’s arse and cock.
At this provocative statement, John’s cheek twitched, but otherwise he held his calm. Sherlock grinned inwardly. A shot in the dark, that had been, but a good one.  One of those lovers in India had been a man: Sholto? Possibly. Might be Mary’s maiden name, too.
“Shift yourself, you ridiculous beast,” John said, elbowing Idiot Horse out of the way. He grasped Sherlock under the arm and pulled, and Sherlock rose, a little unsteadily.
“Yes, Frank for her husband. She’d have named Byron Frank too if she’d not been worried about confusion.”
If you skipped the panic attack, what you need to know is that Sholto had a kind of mental breakdown after Agra and sort of reverted to an animal state, gibbering and eating raw meat, etc. John had to smuggle him out of the barracks to save his life.
He took the goats out one at a time, enduring their loud complaints as they were separated, and being butted out of the way at their reunion. Harry. Certainly, these two were as pair-bonded as the geese, despite both being female.
What he saw shocked him deeply. Sherlock’s cock was painfully erect, the veins engorged with blood. It bobbed against his belly, as Sherlock’s arms were shaking slightly with the strain of holding still. A thick line of clear fluid dripped from the purple head to the settle.
And all of this requires VERY VERY CLEAN instruments, so you’re also looking at at least an hour and a half a day of hauling, heating, and boiling water, then scrubbing dairying tools. Honestly, I should have just given John a pig so he can give the pig whatever milk he can’t eat. Maybe I’ll do that. /farm nerdery
Sherlock, on the other hand, landed on his side in a squashy bit, a mingling of several different types of manure, mainly chicken, a strong contender for the most pungent of manures.
Finally, only the threat of John waking while he was gone allowed him to tear himself away from the water. He rubbed himself down briefly with his trousers, but decided not to put them on.
"Is it too much?" Belatedly, he realized that, for Sherlock, desire was new—he had always experienced it as a medical condition, and a shameful one at that. "I'm sorry, Sherlock—I forgot. Let me..." he said, reaching for Sherlock's cock.
He felt as he had the morning after his nocturnal emission, only magnified twofold. He nearly laughed with the sheer pleasure of inhabiting his body, but he did not want to wake John, who was still in a deep, twitching sleep.
“Swim?” Sherlock asked. “Though without our clothes, perhaps. Since they need laundering, I might as well make a brief analysis the interaction of manure and fiber. Your linen will be quite a contrast to mine.”
“Good morning,” Sherlock said, elbow-deep in bread dough in the kitchen. He was smiling, to John’s surprise: the tension of the prior night had vanished and Sherlock looked completely…normal.
“Fucking NSY,” John muttered, pushing his damp hair out of his face for the hundredth time. “Couldn’t they have sprung for the deluxe accommodations?” The caravan window slammed shut on his hands for the fourth time.
“Our culprit has a small hand,” he said, indicating some irregular smudges on the middle part of the tree, “but they’re strong. The tree was bent back quite far. Look, here’s a …wait. What kind of knife could have made that?”
"I expected you to rise earlier, Dr. Watson. Is there tea? Also, there's something making an unholy noise in the barn. Geese, I presume?"
Miss Kuskatoo’s face as he said this was a study in contradictions: relief, anger, and laugher played across her delicate features.
Thanks for all the awesome comments. You guys have made me laugh so much and I so appreciate you taking the time to write feedback.
Once he had the rough shape of it, he shoved it into his capacious pockets. A new problem presented itself—where to store the thing? He could not, for obvious reasons, carry it in his trousers, nor could he keep it in the cabin. He stowed it in the cloth that had carried his lunch, for now, and hefted his hoe with purpose.
“Can I kiss you?” John said, and Sherlock, undisturbed by the abrupt shift in conversation, nodded, leaning forward in anticipation. John threaded his hand in those curls, tugging, so that Sherlock’s mouth was half open by the time their lips met.
Once in the barn, John blocked the door and leaned onto the goat enclosure. He opened the pot of beaver grease and sniffed-- nothing unpleasant. In fact, it smelt slightly of raspberries. He dipped his finger in, and rubbed a tiny amount between finger and thumb.
John scrubbed his hands through his hair and sighed. Maybe he should let Sherlock try and experiment on the geese. It'd be no more than he deserved.
John could not draw away. Sherlock’s warm hand over his own felt right, though it was not. He wanted so desperately to curl his fingers around Sherlock’s and hold on to him, just for a moment, but he knew he should not.
I learned some things about bear dressing for this chapter. If you’re interested in why John does these things, this video is useful but graphic: http://www.themeateater.com/videos/skin-butcher-black-bear-steven-rinella/
“Come on, Sherlock, I know you’re cold, and tired, and you want to sleep, but you need it.” John untangled his legs and sat up himself. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, but in the firelight John could see that his skin no longer looked so waxy.
There are a couple of species of carnivorous plants native to the Canadian boreal forest: the pitcher plant, which is quite a large plant, and sundews, which are tiny, Venus-flytrap like plants. They are SUPER COOL.
Dr. Red’s First Aid Tips: DO NOT GIVE ALCOHOL TO PEOPLE WITH HYPOTHERMIA. OR CAFFEINE. THIS IS THE 19th CENTURY. THEY BELIEVE IN TESTICULAR CONGESTION AND PELVIC MASSAGE. DO NOT IMITATE THEM. (disclaimer: I’m not that kind of doctor but JFC even people with literature Ph.Ds, however sketchy, know stuff like this)
Predictably, Holmes didn't offer to help. He sat...no, lounged on the settle--John had not been sure that was possible--and watched silently, his eyes tracking John's every movement, his long fingers twitching as John boiled fiddleheads and fried bacon and potatoes.
“Don’t toast all your sides at once,” he said, putting his cheese over the second-best spot. “Or you’ll lose your cheese.”
Dinner was cold bread and cheese again, but at least it was cold bread and cheese in a clean cabin. Sherlock was largely silent, and John the same. Then, mindful of the danger to his livestock, John did his chores before dark and locked the cabin door soundly.
"No, of course not. You've no appropriate table space. But can I build one down by that little lake there?"
John was nearly shaking in anticipation. He closed his eyes against the sight, letting the sensation speak for itself. Sherlock's lips were on his navel—and then his tongue. John yelped.
“You can’t hide yourself away because of one past mistake, John. I want to take the chance. Why don’t you?”
Another example of Lestrade’s understanding. For the first time, John wondered how the more traditional Dimmocks and Barrymores would react if Sherlock helped with the food rather than the barn. He was less worried about Lyons, given what Dimmock had let slip once about his frequent visits to Lestrade.
saner than you--that scar is not enough of an injury to prevent you from doing farm work, so clearly there's mental trauma."
“That is the more probable of your ludicrous theories, but no. There would be earth on the hair, and there is none.”
He was just standing in kitchenwares, contemplating spiralizers, when Sherlock came around the corner, two coffees in hand and a smile on his face.
furious—Sherlock had had no right to do what he did, and what’s more, absolutely no call to begin another experiment—but he was also possessed with a sudden urge to laugh. Sherlock sprawled in the mud with his city clothes did make quite a picture, and John suddenly wished he had seen the whole “experiment”. His lips twitched.
Looking to prove himself, Sherlock thought. And willing to take risks. He watched as John put down his axe and showed the boy how to lift the end of the log safely. The boy smiled shyly, and came out of the shadows, standing ready to help.
Sherlock nodded, and turned his head to get a whiff of fresh air. The smell of billy goat was overwhelming, though neither Mrs. Hudson nor Clara seemed too bothered by it. In fact, Clara was straining to get closer to Frank, her tail flicking, her vulva pink and open. Frank seemed outwardly calm, but he was not at all disinterested. He urinated in great spurts over his legs and face, then approached Clara’s rapidly flicking tail. The slow unfurling of his phallus, buoyed by his truly massive testicles, indicated his interest. He sniffed Clara, then, without any further preamble, mounted her.
“You know perfectly well what it is,” Sherlock said, moving the blankets asides. His cock was clearly distended, pushing against the fabric of his trousers. John swallowed.
John gets to the car and Guglielmo is there, waiting. He looks sulky. The car is very old, says the landlady, Guglielmo, he can fix anything. He can rest while you picnic. John nods. He tosses his scarf around his neck and puts his sunglasses on. Guglielmo moderates his breathing and gets into the back seat.
That night he recorded the calves' names in his journal: Alice and Louise. He'd go to Bonne Chere tomorrow, if the crust was good for sleighing; he needed tea, sugar, thread, ink and flour. It would deplete his purse a good bit for now, but the sale of the extra calf would fill it up again, and he’d been living on a lean supply of food for too long.
“What changed your mind?” Sherlock asked, eventually, once they were sitting on the ground with handfuls of berries.
“Stuff. You threaten me so often with bears that I’ve come to believe you just use them as,” Sherlock paused, smugly, “
“It’s perfect, Sherlock,” he said. Sherlock’s cheeks, already pink from the heat of the bake kettle, flushed deeper.  His little half-smile was unreasonably beautiful; John had a sudden urge to run his thumb over that plump lower lip.
“Yes!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Quite. In fact, I did this morning, the same time as you, which proves—not that I need to answer your invasive questions—that everything works perfectly well.”
As they slogged through the last thick band of spruce trees towards the swamp, Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. He had settled, though not completely, and his mind was on getting home rather than the mysterious frequency of squirrel bones.
"Please," Sherlock begged. John didn't tease him this time, just put his hand on Sherlock's cock, stroking gently over ballocks and shaft. He marvelled at the silky texture, the incredible hardness, the absolute responsiveness; Sherlock's ballocks were already drawn up tight. He gripped the shaft and stroked; Sherlock's thighs quivered. "So good, John," he whispered.
“I made dinner,” Sherlock said, appearing from the kitchen, handsome in a pearl-grey shirt, and taking the cups of coffee from John’s hands. “Thai.”
As he thought of the words he would use for the scene, he felt "the flash." John called it that, although he felt that the name didn't exactly describe it.  It couldn't be described--not even to Father, who always seemed a little puzzled by it.  John never spoke of it to anyone else. It had always seemed to John, ever since she could remember, that he was very, very near to a world of wonderful beauty and power. Between it and himself hung only a thin curtain; he could never draw the curtain aside--but sometimes, just for a moment, he caught a glimpse. Always when the flash came to him John felt that life was a wonderful, mysterious thing of persistent beauty.
Christ, he thought, as he stood up and saw that his cock was pushing out of his flies. He pushed it back in, and even that small contact made his breath short. He felt his assessment of himself as a rational man slip a notch or two.
“I’m hoping it’s aimed at the two of us.” John squared his shoulders. “If it’s aimed at me, I’ll be a damned mess. If it’s aimed at you, I’ll be…” he gulped, “worried. We can deal with this, the two of us.”
“It’d attract bears, though, wouldn’t it?” John had given up on sugar when it had become evident that they would run out.
Still no response, only a steady, menacing advance, and so Sherlock gave way to instinct and took to his heels. He had, at least, the presence of mind to dodge between trees, in order to keep an advantage over the moose, who had a longer stride and--presumably—no injuries. By the time he reached the edge of the farm clearing, however, he was tiring, and in imminent danger of being trampled.
Dark had begun to fall before John was ready to go back to the cabin, but he could not in fairness keep the oxen out any longer, and Sherlock would be looking for him, no doubt. He trudged home, exhausted in body and in mind, but still unable to shake the heavy desire that had settled in him.
“All right, keep your hair on.” John rolled up his sleeves, hoping he sounded more nonchalant than he felt.
I got the cold convent school idea from a throwaway remark in An Old-Fashioned Girl, by Louisa May Alcott. Also, can you imagine Mummy Holmes and Mrs. Hudson together at convent school?
Since their reckoning in late June, Sherlock had noticed, twice, John returning from the fields with a slightly decreased tension in his shoulders. Sherlock knew what had been done, however fleeting, and the image, disquietingly, did not leave him. That, combined with the groans and cries John emitted in his dreams, was gradually making Sherlock aware that he would no longer be immune to the rising tide of physical discomfort and mental disquiet.
"This isn't the wrong place, is it?" Holmes said sharply, scrambling off his horse and throwing the reins down. Bad habit in the backwoods, that, John thought, but the rest of his internal tirade was cut short as he caught sight of Holmes's face. In the midday sun, it was arresting, all angles and disdain, looking down from a great height. His skin was the light cream of someone who rarely went outdoors, much less worked outdoors. Nevertheless, Holmes gave an impression of great vigour and elasticity, and John was—unexpectedly—intrigued.
"There are other possibilities," Sherlock said, and told him about Sally's reaction to him in the hallway.
"Eh, supper." Sherlock's shoulders made what could only be a dismissive gesture from the inside of the hearth.
What, exactly was Mycroft trying to do? John did not trust him in the slightest, and the appearance of this package at such a critical moment was highly suspect. Did he, Mycroft, believe that pelvic massage was medicine? He had mentioned it in his initial letter, certainly, but why press it? Prostate massage, on the other hand, John knew was medicine. He had seen men in later life unable to piss because theirs was so swollen; early evacuation would have helped, no doubt. Still, Sherlock hardly seemed in need right now, so John filed it away for later reference.
One day, they had actually come up behind him while he was eating and started chewing the clothes on his back. After that, he’d cut them collars from one of Hamish' old harnesses and attached them with a stout chain to the east side of the barn just so he could plough his home quarter in peace.
He could write, he supposed. His commanding officer had suggested it when he'd left the force, but John felt stifled by the cyclical mundanity of his life. What was there to write about? Since coming to Canada, he ploughed and planted in the spring, cleared in the summer, harvested in the fall, and cut wood in the winter--when it wasn't blizzarding, that is--and when it was, he sat inside. He knew his journals, such as they were, were useful for future reference, but sometimes he missed practicing medicine, for both the challenge and the money.
“It might. Harry would defend us.” Sherlock set his cup on the bench and bent to retrieve something from the bottom shelf. Setting it on a glass plate, he took his scalpel from the meticulously maintained leather pouch and began to poke at the plate.
“Don’t say that name,” she hissed. “Or your own. We’ve never met, and we never will,” she said, and turned sharply away from him.
Even after two months with John Watson, he was not fully prepared for the strength of the laugh that John emitted. It was a deep, satisfied laugh, and he, Sherlock Holmes, had caused it.
"Guglielmo" decides he's going to blend so entirely into his surroundings that he'll eventually be able to disappear. (Give Guglielmo a break, he's 18 and hitting a late-puberty angst high.) He sets out to work. He keeps his mouth shut, for the most part.
"Quite so," Sherlock said again, though John did not feel as though he had been heard, if the quite complex notation on one of the sheaves Sherlock had been making as he replied was anything to go by.
“Thanks, mate, but I’m full up,” he said, gesturing to his nearly full beer. The Australian shrugged.
, rather than observe, and though John’s face primmed up in sentimental disapproval (why? He had advocated killing it just a short time ago) he seized the tiny body from John’s hands and set it on the kitchen bench. John opened his mouth, then closed it again.
Sherlock pulled on his trousers and reached for his notebooks, a smile playing at the corner of his mouth. In this, at least, he could provide what was needed.
“Nobody is worse than the Widow Turner in that regard, the old fool, but it might be something like that. It will take bravery, though.”
“I won’t joke,” Sherlock said fiercely, his cheeks even pinker. “I want us to be lovers. So do you. It is foolish to pretend otherwise.”
Sherlock is also afraid of bears, for some reason. He is not, however, afraid of moose, and frankly, if you had to run away from one non-human entity in the Canadian woods, you should run away from moose first about 90% of the time.
“Indeed,” John muttered, darting a glance around the shop. Sherlock was presently invisible but a loud clanking from the corner where Angelo kept his stock of tools signaled his whereabouts.
Molly’s surname comes from the 1901 & 1911 census of Ojibwe families in Brunswick, Ontario: https://acanadianfamily.wordpress.com/2017/08/25/census-surnames-4/#more-75689
“Come up, you fool,” he muttered to himself, and just as he said that, Sherlock did, breaking the surface several feet away.
John spent the day treating various winter ailments, with no sign that Sherlock was doing anything other than spreadsheets.  At 4, thanks to a cancelled appointment, John finished his paperwork, closed up the office, and put on his coat for a run to Canadian Tire. They needed a new ergonomic shovel, bird food, and wiper fluid. He’d get coffee on the way home, he decided, and a shiver shot down his spine. Maybe today he’d get his mouth on Sherlock’s cock, just for a moment or two. Serve him right for thinking too much.
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied. His face was deceptively nonchalant and John could see that he had seized another ball of mud. He dove just in time to avoid it; the splash reached his ears as he propelled himself towards another area where the bottom was muddy.
The day wore on. As they worked, the rifle was never far from John’s side. By mutual, unspoken agreement, they didn’t stop to eat, but worked swiftly.
It was some time before they moved, but soon Sherlock’s desire to kiss John again won out over inertia. He arranged himself against John’s warm, sticky body and kissed his way up John’s neck, ending with his lips.
Could he do what John had done? Could he put his hand upon himself and bring himself to crisis? He had no medium to do so, but perhaps he could still attempt it. Anything was better than this animal half-life, in which his mind was ruled by his body and he could not interact with other people—with John—in a civilized manner.
I keep thanking girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on, but seriously, this took a long time to write and I was going stir-crazy keeping it to myself. Their appreciative reading and their incisive comments made it easy for me to continue. Doctornerdington, my main beta, always knows when to kick my ass and when to be the nicest.
They left, this time, with a big jug of maple syrup (John had to physically restrain Sherlock from drinking it neat) and $500.
“But…” Sherlock frowned. “This is the protocol, is it not? To consent to sexual congress with another person? I’m consenting. With you.”
“That’s champion. You’ll need a dairymaid before long—or a wife.” His tone was jocular, but his smile was thin; John knew that his unwillingness to take a wife inexplicably irked the man. He winced.
Cyrus preened. John glanced at Sherlock, who had just come in to remove the bowls of preserves. Sherlock caught his glance, but cut his eyes away so quickly that John knew he saw and disapproved. Dimmock senior was a bloody hypocrite, that was certain.
John’s cock was straining before Sherlock encompassed it with his mouth. It tasted of the previous night’s spend, and he took it in eagerly.
“Wait now. It’ll make you sick—no, it will—,” he said, when Sherlock made a moue that nearly undid him, “so lie back down.”
Just as Harry poked her entire head around the corner of the barn, John transferred Idiot Horse’s halter rope to Sherlock’s hand, then, in one fluid movement, leaped towards the errant goat. He missed her collar upon landing, but the weight of his body bore her down, and he was able to wrestle his hand under the leather strap and subdue her.
Washing the dishes not thirty minutes later, he was surprised to hear a knock at the door. He swung it open to reveal Lestrade's boy, Dimmock, shivering in the wind and cold.
“Hmm,” Sherlock’s mind whirred. “So would you say the likelihood of seeing that again be high? Foxes are attracted by food sources, and you have these chickens, but do the geese protect the chickens?”
“Great.” John said, and stared up at the huge, black clouds mounded up in the east. “Just in time for rain.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You did,” Sherlock said, ruffling his curls into place. They were getting long, John thought. How would Sherlock maintain them? Lestrade’s rough barbering would certainly not be up to his city standards.
“That’s bloody unfair!” John said, low. His left hand flexed and released. “I’m trying to do what I can, and this is what I can. What’s right.”
Harry allowed the caress, then nudged Clara towards the full manger. They were both soon eating, absorbed in their food. The geese, Philemon and Pierrette, honked companionably at him until he tipped corn into their trough, then turned their attention to pushing the chickens away. John scattered more corn on the side to defuse a fight, then hopped over the bar to check for eggs. Only a couple now; feed was getting meagre this late in the winter.
Three deep breaths. He was safe, inside. He did not know why he was so afraid of bears; was it simply that they were the unknown? The solid, definite presence in the dark had had no shape or form; he had not seen, only heard and smelled, and the absence of complete perception had made him nervous. That, coupled with his overwhelming physical sensations, had left him feeling exposed and nowhere, as though his body were dissolving into the forest.  There had been no place for either rationality or science, and the immensity of what he could not perceive or know had shaken him profoundly.
“I’ve never seen him since. He and his family moved to Ottawa not long after,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t miss him.”
John’s cock. Sherlock shifted uncomfortably as images of John's cock, seen incompletely but compellingly through the crack in the barn door. It was thick, hard, and the tip had glistened in the diffuse light; when John's crisis had hit him, the spurt of white liquid had affected them both strangely, John crying out and Sherlock breathless. Then, John's face in spasm floated up before his eyes, and then installed itself, contrary to his bidding, in an alcove in his mind palace. It joined images of John's face in laughter, in anger, in concern.
For one suspended moment, he was aware of the ridiculousness of his situation: sitting on a log, his trousers around his hips, and his swollen generative organ in his hand. Then, another crash in the woods made him aware of the danger. His need had made him unobservant to such an extent that he was not even certain where he was—at the edge of a ravine, yes, but in the dark. A destructive, dangerous force, this chemistry.
“And, since we’re on the subject, are you due, John, for a sexual emission?” he asked, holding up his notebook and pen with a we’re-all-scientists-here expression.
John put his head in his hands. He ached—he did, he ached to touch Sherlock and yet he must not. He knew he could bring him relief, clear his head, restore his equilibrium! And yet,  he would not, because he knew it to be wrong.
Perhaps he had gone to look more closely at the squirrel nest in the large cedar tree in the swamp. John shoved his boots back on and tramped down behind the garden. The cedar tree was immediately apparent, growing up tall and straight—but there was no Sherlock in it, even after John paused to see if the branches moved.
"Don't you dare spend, Sherlock Holmes!" John raised his voice ever so slightly. Sherlock had to close his eyes and let his cock go.
“I say true things all the time. And one fact cannot be truer than another. ‘We’re out of salt pork’ is just as true as ‘You’ve been costive for a week’, is it not?”
John rolled his eyes. “Stop talking about my digestion. I only meant I’m damn glad to be out of salt pork.”
As always I feel I need to thank venvephe for the idea of John’s danger boner. She prompted me with it one time and I think every fic I’ve ever written contains it now.
Later, he would say that it was only because he was absorbed in scientific observation that he did not see the moose tracks in front of him, nor the twin moose calves lying in a nearly-thawed brush pile just around the base of a sheer rock wall. Their soft brown coats were nearly invisible in the dried leaves, and they were still as mice. Sherlock nearly stepped on them.
“We can do, yeah, although we’d best go through on the way back. She’ll keep us for ages otherwise.”
Home. Sherlock had called his cabin home. A warm flush suffused John’s insides; he didn’t dare look at Sherlock, but instead mounted Arthur, directing him towards the cabin.
“I will say that I am more awake without tea than I have ever been, I think,” Sherlock replied, and with no further comment, went to gather his pot of soap from the shanty.
“John,” Douglas said, taking his son’s face in his hands, “You are made of fine stuff, but to really show that, you must be true to yourself, and take the consequences. That is where you will be at your best.”
They stopped for lunch at a poutine shack. John got into conversation with the owner, but Sherlock, within two minutes of their lunch arriving, deduced multiple health code violations and John was dragged away from his steaming plate of poutine towards yet another Tim Horton’s.
“Yes.” John said more firmly. He was terrified but also strangely relieved. At least they could acknowledge this infatuation, and thus, perhaps, watch it wear away like any other ill-judged attachment.
, Sherlock!” John yelled, grabbing Harry’s collar as she chewed up part of his best blanket. Sherlock leaned against the kitchen bench and watched him drag her outside, knowing that his own nonchalance would make John even wilder. He shivered, anticipating, and was not disappointed when John burst back into the cabin, his cheek working and his shoulders set.
“I’m going to bend you over that settle again. Get the blanket,” John said against his mouth. Sherlock obeyed, his movements swift but a little disorganized. John found himself watching more closely than he had intended, savouring the submission, however small.
Then, he felt himself enfolded into Sherlock’s embrace. He felt suddenly small, but the heat of Sherlock’s body and the rapid beat of his heart were soothing.
“Indeed, and not before time. I should never have worried; I’m so sorry I troubled you, John. It’s just that my system was much more overloaded than it has ever been—perhaps some research is in order—but thankfully my mind is quite restored. You, I perceive, slept fitfully, despite your earlier emission. Perhaps it was the stimulating effect of the tea so late at night?”
Time after time in that long, damp week, John had thought of the prostate massager, now lying casually in his chest, rather like an undetonated explosive device.  Sherlock’s shocking climax and John’s own ensuing arousal had ensured it could not be used again. His knowledge had failed him once again—prostate massage was a medical procedure, but given the circumstances it was one he could not in good conscience repeat.
The bitterness in Sherlock’s voice shocked them both. John drew his chair to face Sherlock on the settle, and sat. His heart hammered in his chest.
“No chance a bear would get her,” Sherlock grumbled, finally pulling himself to his feet on solid ground.
His lungs burned, and he had to breach the surface of the pond. He was facing away from John, thankfully; the idea of looking him in the eye seemed more than he could take, though whether it was because of his complicated emotions or his anger Sherlock could not say.
“Can I get you another?” Someone jostled against him, his Australian accent drawing John’s attention. He turned to see a husky blond man in his thirties smiling at him.
“Sherlock Holmes, moose are the most dangerous things in these woods, after men, and yet you try to reassure one? You’re a bloody idiot!”
“I will, with pleasure.” John seized Sherlock’s upper arms and kissed him, hard. “I thought I could avoid it. But if I’ve been fool enough to put you in direct danger of a bear attack, how can bedding you be worse?”
John wished again that Sherlock was one of those men—those people—that did not wish for physical love. It would have made this whole situation much simpler. But no, Sherlock did desire, and they were in this situation because of it, and because John was honourable, dammit. He pressed his face into the pillow and tried to sleep.
"Yes," he gasped, and Sherlock continued his leisurely exploration of John's chest, moving slowly over his ribs, his nipples, and his neck before kissing his way into John's other armpit.
"He didn't really want to, Dr. Watson. But the man insisted, and he paid so much that Lestrade said we were honour-bound to deliver it on time, as long as I promised to follow the line all the way. It wasn't so bad, you know, on our side, but your line road was real snowy."
"Touché." Sherlock ran his fingers through his curls and turned up his nose at the same time, and the effect was so comic that John couldn't help but laugh.
He stripped off his clothes and waded into the warm pond, letting the silky, peaty water stream over his skin. He dove under, rolling like a seal just beneath the surface for as long as he could. In the last moment before his breath gave out, he scooped up a handful of sand.
John himself lingered behind the barn on pretext of tying Harry up safely—a necessity—but also to regain his own composure. Watching Sherlock’s face as Frank penetrated first Clara, then Harry had been a special sort of torture. The dawning awareness on his face, the flush on his cheeks, and the tension in his trousers all pointed to one thing.
John’s head swam. He must have looked appalling, because Sherlock placed one large hand on his shoulder and breathed with him. The heat of his hand was comforting. John drew one shuddery breath, but it wasn’t enough. He dropped his head between his knees, the reins falling out of his hands. His lungs could not take another breath.
“I want to be sure you’re all right. It’s no joke falling like that. You’re sure you didn’t lose consciousness?”
addressed to John himself.  Unable to contain his curiosity, John perched on the fence outside the post office and broke into the thick packaging. Inside he found a packet of tea—expensive tea, as predicted—some white sugar lumps, and a letter. He sighed.
“Them, it.” Sherlock waved one hand at the sky. Each long finger was stained red with strawberry juice.
Then, he shook himself back into sense. Notebooks decorated the settle and the floor, and Sherlock’s fine overcoat was draped over the attic bed. Surely he would go nowhere without those.
When he had tired himself out fighting monsters, he turned and watched as the last light faded from the sky in flaming orange streaks.  He must go home and write it down in the yellow account-book and then read it to Father. Father liked to hear his writing, though he rarely had the strength to give John advice anymore.
The next morning was fine again, and John, after a good sleep, set off for the barn work full of confidence and Mrs. Hudson’s scones. Sherlock had waved them away, being neck-deep in notebooks and—John had not looked too closely—some organic substance. He scanned the yard; nothing out of place. Clara was round, Harry was round and loud, and Arthur was visibly pleased to see him without Sherlock in tow.
Sherlock proved to be right, however. John’s thorough search showed that the cabin was as they had left it.
“Quite.” He reached out and pulled back her eyelid to check her sclera, then stroked her smooth ears. Had her pupils changed during their—he hesitated to call it a conversation, but could not think what else it could be. Perhaps John was not so mad regarding talking to animals.
Neither of them won, and they spent a very chilly six minutes jerking each other partway off in a municipal port-a-potty, since Sherlock said going back to the truck would be, in his words, “cowardly and cheating.”
His mind filled with questions about the relative cold protection of skin and feathers, he dressed and tiptoed down the stairs. John was still asleep, his face slack and the front part of his hair sticking straight up. Sherlock was grateful for his sake, too. He, Sherlock, would turn a blind eye to John’s self-pleasure, and John would be relieved that Sherlock’s body was operating as it should. Pelvic massage and emotion would no longer be their preoccupations; they could devote themselves to agriculture and science, as it should be.
That last thought left him slightly breathless, but he tamped it down. It was a medical procedure, and he would perform it as necessary.  Not tonight, though. Tonight, what Sherlock needed was not medicine but reassurance: reassurance that there was no shame in normal physical response, and reassurance that John was still his friend.
Then, he stood. He got up, his own legs weak with desire, and closed the caravan’s curtains. He turned on the light.
"And don't worry," added Great-Aunt Martha, "the cows know the way so well they'll go of themselves.  You have only to follow and shut the gates."
"John, dear," Mrs. Hudson said, bustling out of her cabin as he tied Arthur up. "Isadora's fresh, then? Take her over to Byron and I'll put the kettle on. Sally's busy with the garden but she'll be in by the time it boils, and as for Anderson, he's in the far field and he can just make do with his bread and cheese."
The raspberry patch was a warm yellow-green in the hot summer sun. Raspberries hung thick and bright all over.
“They are. Watch.” John opened the door of the pen. The geese automatically stepped back, letting the chickens surge out; then, when the way was clear, walked sedately towards the outer door.
“Maybe I should see if I can catch some. They can’t be worse than salt pork again.” John had been mostly joking, but the horror on Sherlock’s face was enough to make him want to try.
“She caused so many deaths. Sholto would have been court martialled if he’d been in his right mind.”
But then, there was no feminine element in Sherlock’s case, either; he had made that abundantly clear on his first night here. To John’s credit—possibly to the army’s credit—he had not blanched at Sherlock’s admission of disinterest, simply accepting it as a matter of course.
“Says you,” John said, turning back to the breakfast preparations. A prickle of discomfort enveloped him. His cock stirred in his trousers as if to remind him privacy had indeed been in scant supply recently. His usual routine—frigging himself in the morning—was impossible now. Being outdoors when Sherlock was indoors and indoors when Sherlock was outdoors was more complex than it sounded, and he hadn’t brought himself to completion since Sherlock had arrived. No wonder he was so jumpy.
By early afternoon he was ravenous, but he had also managed to get the tree down. The sled was getting full when the wind changed, bringing him the rank, distinctive smell of goat. Male goat. He sighed. The rattle of a wagon and the familiar “Yoo-hoo!” call confirmed it: Mrs. Hudson had arrived with Frank to breed Harry and Clara.
“Sherlock!” John studied his face; there was no dissimulation, only the glow of scientific enthusiasm. He shook his head. “Sherlock, we will grant our neighbours the courtesy of pursuing their sexual proclivities in peace.”
Resolutely, he rose. It was snowing again, and the wind swept his home quarter. He would do the barn work and then, he thought, he would give his mind over to thinking about his guest and possibilities for treatment. Hysteria. Manual stimulation. John tried to remember exactly what it was that he was forgetting. He'd seen the papers, when they came out, but he knew there were some cases in which it was contraindicated. But which? After his breakfast, he turned to his few books, but even they were outdated, and he found no answers.
“That’s definitely not bear scat.” John felt an unexplained shiver down his spine at the sight of a pile of human feces in the middle of the trail.
“Beautiful night,” John said, almost dreamily. “I remember, in India, it was always so hot. A night like this was cause for celebration.”
Also, “Platonic” is sometimes still capitalized mid-century. I’M SORRY I HAVE VICTORIAN SPELLING FEELS OKAY.
John felt something lighten inside him. He hadn't wanted to either, but he hadn't known how to say it.
There was no-one there. Instead, a mummified dog, reddish-brown under a film of tan-coloured sand, lay on the doorstep. Around its neck was a tag that read, in a large, clear hand, “Redbeard.”
He knew immediately it had been the wrong thing to say. John’s expression shifted from “game-though-embarrassed” to “Dr. Watson” in a blink.
John, fighting desperately for self-control, went into the sitting-room. Much more cheerful than the kitchen, it was, with bright colours and comfortable furniture, though it was very rich and imposing and Lestrade-like.  John had never seen such curtains before.  But best of all were the friendly gleams and flickers from the jolly hardwood fire in the open stove that mellowed the ghostly candlelight with something warm and rosy-golden.  John toasted his toes before it and felt reviving interest in his surroundings.  What mysteries might lurk behind the chintz-lined glass doors of the bookcase!  Books were John's friends wherever he found them.  He got up and went to open the bookcase door, but before he could see more than the backs of rather ponderous volumes, Uncle Gregory came in, followed by Great-Aunt Martha with a mug of milk and a plate of oatcakes.
“Sorry, sorry,” John said, and extricated himself from the pile in the only way he could—by rolling. Springing up the moment he reached solid ground, he extended his hand to Sherlock, but Sherlock had seen the sense of the rolling plan and was nearly out himself. John stood, to get out of his way.
I'm going to thank you guys reading and commenting now, too, because you're such an encouragement. I <3 you, thank you so much.
So this chapter doesn’t exist now, but for a while Chapter 13 was called “Handyman” sung to the Christina Aguilera song “Candyman.” That was largely prior to finishing this up; originally this chapter had John demonstrating how to jerk off to a trembling unsure Sherlock, but the story took a different turn. I’m SORRY OKAY.
“Hold on, Sherlock. Just a few more minutes.” Thanks to the heat of the animals in the barn, he wasn’t hypothermic, but he would be soon if he didn’t take off his own wet clothes. He took small steps across the cabin, and found the pile of matches. The candle rolled under his foot, and he picked it up.
“Steady now,” came Sherlock’s voice. John fought towards the sound, drawing in air. Sherlock’s arm had slid around his shoulder and the heat brought him back to himself. He exhaled again, and the next breath came easier.
I had a lot of help from Doc with this chapter, and turifer and marigolds too. Thank you guys, and thank you to girlwhowearsglasses for reading.
“I have to protect my cabin, old boy,” John said, giving him a reassuring pat on the nose as he led him to water. Fresh smoke was billowing out of the chimney, so at least a fire was going. With any luck it would be confined to the stove.
I think that’s it! Let me know if you have any questions or comments, or if you see any typos. Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
"Pity. We could have split the fee. Think it through next time." His mouth quirked and John had to laugh again.
He glanced at the crux of Sherlock’s trousers, which confirmed his suspicions. Sherlock was clearly aroused—by him,
Once John was out of view along Scotch Bush road, Sherlock turned away. He had intended to let John leave unobserved, but something about the set of John’s shoulders driving out at Isadora's walking pace led Sherlock to stop and wave. The pleasure of watching John's face lighten burned deep in his belly. John, for all his obviousness, was someone who called to him in a way that threatened his scientific detachment.
Slowly, methodically, John worked his way along the bottom curve of Sherlock’s arse until he reached his arsehole. He sat back on his heels to look, remembering that terrible day when he had given Sherlock the prostate massage, thinking it would help, and instead caused a shift in their worlds. He had wanted so desperately to use his mouth then, to make Sherlock submit, and now here they were: Sherlock sweet under his hands, and him hard and aching, but totally absorbed in making Sherlock feel. Really feel. He bit his lip and tried to settle himself, but Sherlock let out a low groan, bending his knees slightly so John had even easier access.
“We’ll be finished before you know it,” John said, not untruthfully, “It’s going quickly. Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.” He looked away from Greg to thank Mrs. Hudson for serving him from a massive bowl of potatoes.
Still, he thought, it was not a risky procedure, and if it did not work there would only be perhaps some small depletion in energy for the patient, easily remedied with fresh air and perhaps a balsam tonic.
"Of course!" Angelo exclaimed, "So sorry, Miss, I was not thinking of the right thing. John, this lady would like to speak with you; then you come back for food and drink, yes?"
Damn Mycroft Holmes, damn medicine, and especially damn his own useless self for being unable to draw a line between the personal and professional. Would he never be done giving himself trouble? He slammed his fist into the wall of the shanty, which lightened the load for a moment. Then, with bruised knuckles and an angry ache in his belly, John returned to the north field.
"I'm hungry, so I'm going to cook. You're supposed to be under my care, so you'll be served food whether you eat it or no."
What John needed to do, he supposed, was to try it on himself. He thought of the birchbark pot of beaver grease that Mezenee had brought him. It was sitting in the open cupboard, and John stared at it, meditatively. He would try the procedure on himself, first, for lack of any other subject. It would put him at ease while performing it, and first-hand data was something Sherlock understood. He would do it tomorrow…no, tonight. Sherlock wouldn’t stir from the house, he had no doubt, and he could say he was checking on the goats.
“Move your delicious bottom, if you don’t want it pinched,” Mrs Hudson said, bustling through, laden with lettuces from the garden. Sherlock stared after her for a moment.
And, of course, once they’re out they’re really really hard to catch. I promise I’m not exaggerating the chase even a little. OR, honestly, in a horse being curious and/or silly enough to come and see what’s happening.
“Bears don’t eat squirrels, as a rule,” he said, looking around—for what he didn’t quite know. Sherlock caught his uneasiness and smiled, though he could see John asking himself if that smile was meant to be reassuring.
Thus it was that John left alone in the wagon early the next morning with Isadora tied to the back and the calves trotting at her flanks. He turned towards the farm to see Sherlock standing by the barn, and smiled. Sherlock was waving with an enthusiasm all out of scale with his usual scientific detachment. Not for the first time, John felt a warm flush of pleasure. He thought of coming home to a fire and supper, almost like the days when he lived at home, or even with the army.
When the timer beeped, Sherlock stood back and smiled, as though proud of the state to which he had reduced John. John shook his head.
“I do, thank you. No, wait until I get this last log up and I’ll go down with you.” Somehow, John felt apprehensive about Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock meeting without supervision. What could they possibly find to say to each other? Bread-baking techniques, he supposed, and the state of the garden, recipes for salt pork, John’s digestion…no. No. He secured the logs as quickly as he was able, untied the oxen, and nodded to Mrs. Hudson.
Science, John realized. Science was the way to convince Sherlock to let him alleviate his suffering. Data would convince Sherlock to accept pelvic massage without losing face.
“Sherlock!” he yelled, divesting himself of coat and boots and stomping his feet on the mat. “What the hell were you…what is this?”
Sherlock stiffened immediately, and John looked at him searchingly, wondering what he had said. He waited, though, for Sherlock to speak.
John followed, trying to shake the slight unease that had settled between his shoulder blades. There was no reason for people not to pass through this area, although it seemed unlikely, given the lack of roads and, frankly, of destinations. And who shit in the middle of a trail?
I have no idea whether pamphlets for prostate massagers ever existed. I think if you’re suspicious of Mycroft’s motivations, you probably should be. Also, as usual, beware of 19th-century science, folks. Evacuate prostates all you want but don’t expect health benefits.
"That's what he'd have you believe, but he doesn't appear to like horses much more than he likes bears. I guess in Carleton he takes carriages or walks."
John, a little overwhelmed, turned away to deal with the food. It was so much, so good, all at once, and he didn’t quite know what to do about it. The obvious, yes, but somehow he didn’t want to rush in. It was unfair, he thought, as he unwrapped the new cheese. He knew just how Sherlock was now, in desire, and the thought was a hunger inside him.
“Would you, if I asked?” Sherlock smiled as engagingly as he knew how. John made a face, but his body language told Sherlock that he would, indeed, spend a precious late spring day chasing vermin if Sherlock asked.
“Shake on it?” Sherlock held out his large hand. John hesitated, just for a moment, and clasped it in a firm grip.
“Not yet. Only if we have to. Best to keep it to ourselves just now, in case we can get other information.” John nodded, and they continued on.
“Of course, Cyrus,” Mrs. Hudson said, and vanished into the house. When she emerged a moment later, bearing an entire pie, her face made John shiver. He was willing to bet that nobody in their right mind would want to eat that pie. Mrs. Dimmock, when Mrs. Hudson gave it to her, handled it with an uncharacteristic delicacy. Cyrus Dimmock was supremely unconcerned.
“Oh, I didn’t let it cool naturally; I couldn’t quick cool it because we’d no ice, but instead I decided…”
That decided, he took his rifle and snowshoes and headed to the northwest woods. Game would be mostly thin and stringy, but he was tired of salt pork, and he had a mind to look at the bear caves at the riverbend. The male bears would be coming out of their hibernation, thin and cranky and dangerous, and somehow that suited his mood.
"I see you've been keeping tidy," he said, a grin stretching out his broad, cherubic face as he eyed John's mud-streaked chest.
Sherlock was quite pleased with his experiment, really. Without a dynamometer, it was his best bet to calculate the force of a goose’s wings; the sensitivity of a fox’s nose would have to wait. In addition, it would shed some light on the goose’s problem-solving skills.
“Oh really?” John said, and stood up. It was ridiculously satisfying to tower over Sherlock for a moment. Sherlock, a saucy smile curved his pillowy lips, looked up at him with a nonchalance that could only be feigned. And yet how John would love to wipe that look from his face!
He settled himself on a boulder near where John was working, pen poised. John hefted his axe and, planting his feet in the wet bottom of the swamp, swung at an angle. The axe struck, sending sprays of bark into the air. Sherlock caught one and set it aside for later study; he did not want to miss the first cuts. They began broadly, at fifteen or twenty degrees, an inch or two at a time, and then John began to cut sharper angles, pulling out flat chunks of wood with a breathtaking efficiency.
John didn’t pull back. He didn’t move forward either. Sherlock’s lips were soft and his mouth tasted of cream sauce and desire. The slide of his bottom lip was as delicious as John had always known it would be.
When the sun had dipped to touch the horizon, the sky was blazing orange and pink, and the large burn pile had become two piles. Sherlock’s hands and face and shirt were black with peat, and John’s shoulders ached. He put down the axe and stretched out his hands, but he had scarcely had the chance to finish before Sherlock leapt over with matches in his hands.
Then, he looked around. Sherlock was clearly visible—in a spotlight, in fact, leaning against a wall and looking casually gorgeous. John’s heart leaped, but he clamped it down and positioned himself diagonally from Sherlock, so they could see almost the whole bar.
As they climbed the hill south of Lestrade’s potato field, the moon emerged from behind the clouds and cast a silvery light over the fields and woods.
It’s a beautiful day in the backwoods, isn’t it? That is, until a couple of dead animals ruin things.
The first time he had rimmed Sherlock, John was sure he had been going to lose an eye, or a tooth. At the first touch of John’s tongue, Sherlock had bucked back towards the slick, wet pressure with such speed and enthusiasm that John had been caught off guard. This time, though, he was prepared. His tongue was sharp and pointed, and as Sherlock heaved back towards him, John let him sink back, for one brief and delicious moment impaled on John’s body. Sherlock cried out.
And yet he could not tear his eyes away from the scene. John had stopped running, and was standing directly in the moose’s path. Sherlock watched in agony as the moose came closer and closer. His fear turned to admiration, however: when the moose was within one pace of him, John stepped neatly to the side and swung his plank directly in her face. It connected with a solid thump, and the moose reared back. John pulled the plank back again, ready for a second blow, but the moose had had enough. Pirouetting on her long limbs, she galloped back towards the forest and her babies, periodically shaking her head.
"So you're a pain in your brother's arse, then, and he's offloaded you on me on the pretext you need medical treatment?"
They ate sitting on the grass outside, a delicious soup of chicken, dumplings, and greens, with a sweet bread, jam, and tea. When they had cleared the dishes, John drew a long breath.
"Oh, John," Sherlock said, kissing the inside of his bicep, "How wrong you were." He buried his face in the light hair of John's armpit and sniffed.
There was nothing at the door of the cabin to cause alarm, but John knew that that meant little, given the calibre of the threat they were dealing with. He stepped cautiously into the room, shielding himself with the door, and allowed his eyes to adjust to the light.
After several days, Sherlock became oddly quiet. He ceased tormenting John and devoted himself to the garden and to the goats. In fact, it seemed as though every time John looked at him, he was standing by the goats, watching them nuzzle each other, or talking to them. It gave John a slight sense of unease, but he supposed it was better than Sherlock brooding about romance.
John sighed. The idea of Mrs. Hudson masterminding a romance between Sherlock and himself was becoming more real—and more terrifying—by the moment.
Mentally, he added a line to his last entry in the old account book: “Uncle Gregory was someone much nicer before, because now he is ARBITRARY, VIOLENT, and UNFAIR.”
"No credit, and an immediate demand on your note. He bought it from me for more than the full price, in hard cash. John, you must excuse me."
Suddenly, John was ashamed of himself. He too was displacing his feelings, for the same reasons. Could he not extend a hand of compassion? He took a breath.
If only she wouldn’t zigzag so! Her trajectory was wildly unpredictable and made her harder to catch. Sherlock couldn’t help but admire it—though the shortest distance between two points was a straight line, she seemed somehow to be immune to the laws of physics. How he wished he had some sort of device that could record this chase, he thought, as he rounded the corner behind the barn.
“Try me,” Sherlock said. His hands were shaking. He could see John’s weight start to shift towards him; blood rushed to his lips and his cock as John’s body—when had he ever thought John slight?—pressed into him.
"What if," John said, "What if we started from the beginning? Tell me about where you knew her. Where you met her?"
“You can tell me,” Sherlock said, barely daring to breathe. He could almost hear John deciding whether or not to reveal this secret.
John completed his barn work in a hurry, both curious and dubious about Sherlock’s ability to make a drinkable beverage. Harry bleated at the cursory patting she received, and even Arthur snorted.
“It’s not. It can’t be. I went to three separate locations today, twice each, and I did not win. I also checked every garbage can for winners; no luck.”
John blanched. Hm. Perhaps that expression wasn’t as friendly as he had meant it to be, Sherlock thought.
Sherlock clearly had found nothing, as his empty collection box and mad hair indicated. He was carrying a handful of birchbark but nothing else, and he looked cross. Holding up a tiny strip of birchbark, he let it float with the wind. He followed it, examining where it lay, then took tweezers from his pocket and pulled out a series of plants. He stowed these in a collection jar, then sat down, rather heavily, and stared at what he had gathered.
John was not aware he had dozed off, but apparently he had, because when Harry’s shrill baaing pierced his consciousness, he leaped straight out of bed, stumbled, and fell like a tree, his whole length laid out on the ground.  He had barely realized what had happened before he sprang up, his wits coming back to him. The piercing wail continued, from closer this time, and Sherlock’s face shot over the edge of the loft.
“There’s no need for him to wear black, really, except for his Sunday suit.’ Great-Aunt Martha said, and, at Uncle Gregory’s nod, they set off, after a curt injunction to Cousin Mike to ‘look after’ John. Since Cousin Mike’s idea of looking after involved a very large ice-cream sundae (something heretofore unknown to John) this was no great trial, and John took advantage of this freedom to speak freely
“Julian broke my violin,” he whispered back, the wunderkind sixteen year old rendered a hapless child once more.
“Meet your brother, Mike.” Daddy lifted the infant from the bassinet, carrying him to the armchair. His father swept the Mycroft’s papers off the seat carelessly, forcing Mycroft to squash himself into a corner to accommodate his fattening father. Fattening and balding, Mycroft noticed. Aging seemed tedious. Father lifted the swaddled infant, pushing a bit of cloth aside so that Mycroft could see its face.
Mycroft smiled placably. “I assure you, Sherlock, the sheer number of tasks I engage in which you could not begin to fathom-”
“He had a shoe buffer on his desk. His shoes were freshly shined, yours hadn’t been for days. He never offers it to you, even as a courtesy. He can’t stand you. Anyway, no friends at uni, so certainly no girlfriend. And yet you’ve had sex.”
Rochester would privately whinge about their sons’ aberrations. “They’re not even human, Mir!” “They’re capricious, they’re too clever…. They’re so queer, Miriam!” “I hope St. Paul’s will whip them into shape. Not really whip them, of course, but it wouldn’t hurt.”
“You.” John looked up, to see the man striding straight towards him. “The conductor. Interesting. It’s never the conductor.”
The boys made quick work of their presents, approaching the unwrapping with the same haste and efficiency with which they approached their latest academic fascinations.
“Well, err- John, what do you want? I mean, you want the Army. I know you want to enlist, and it’s not just because of the money, but I don’t really want-”
Sherlock easily hailed a cab and set off for Maida Vale, gazing out the window with his legs tucked up and his thumb twiddling on his bottom lip. He cracked open the window just a tad. He liked to listen to the sounds of the city, to imagine the beeps and shouts and clatters ordered in neat notes on paper. In one eye Sherlock watched the city, in another he composed another London aria.
“Shooting ranges,” answered Sherlock. John opened his mouth, amazed. Sherlock was right- he had every intention of going to shoot. At Alpha Guns, too. John was preparing to turn around, when he thought the better of it and left Studio MV1 without so much as a glance back at the man in the trench coat.
“Poof!” hissed Julian, causing Brian to double over in amusement. Sebastian glanced at Sherlock, who stiffened, momentarily stopping his music. He resumed. Snow crunched underfoot as Giles approached the bench from behind, leaning over Sebastian’s shoulder.
“What’s his name?” whispered Mycroft, brushing his brother’s porcelain cheek with a grubby thumb. Mummy placed a kiss on the top of Mycroft’s head. Mycroft had simultaneous urges to smile down at the infant and throw it off the upstairs balcony.
“NO!” Sherlock looked utterly crestfallen, completely gutted. The violin’s bridge had snapped, rendering the metal strings loose. One had popped off completely. The wooden body of the violin was cracked, splinters of wood now littering the ground. Sherlock looked like he had just woken up in hell.
Sebastian bit his lip. He needed to distract them from picking on Sherlock. “You’re a boor, Giles, which is probably why you’re so shite at snowball fights!” Sebastian smashed a fistful of snow into Giles’ face, both boys laughing their arses off. Giles sprang over the bench, tackling Sebastian. Sherlock rolled unceremoniously out of the way, only to be jumped by Julian and Brian.
Sherlock tore himself away from the storefront. The violin was heaven, but Sherlock was not willing to play the part of an angel in order to get there.
“I know, darling,” she said, pulling him to his feet. “Let’s get your things.” As they left the administrative building, Cornelia pushed open the door, a cold gust of wind tossing both their curls into disarray. She tucked Sherlock into his white trench coat, noticing yesterday’s bloodstains still damp on his sleeves.
“The Army is out of the question, John. Out of the question. No son of mine is going to be gunning down naked little girls or planting bombs under the cars of suspected IRA members- no. It goes against everything we’ve ever taught you.”
“I am your ghostwriter.” Lestrade sighed, running a hand through his hair. Sherlock played a particularly solemn note, reflective of Lestrade’s nebulous feelings.
Then the second, worse feeling started to skulk over from the back of his skull, curling up somewhere in his frontal lobe. He couldn’t shake the feeling that this infant would be the bane of his existence, be chaos to his meticulous order.
"I like that." Sherlock hummed the words against his now-damp skin and began to kiss his way down to John's cock.
Sherlock, though he had slept only an hour or two, and that sprawled uncomfortably in John’s chair, woke the next morning at first light—a dim grayness that promised an overcast day. He sprang to his feet nonetheless, ignoring the heaviness in his drawers. He could, today; his mind was ticking over briskly, parsing out the possibilities of the silent fallen tree. It was not ordinary in the least, and the potential of the situation sparked along his neurons. He strode out to fill the water bucket, then back into the cabin.
So I’m terribly sorry that there was such a long hiatus with this fic. Life happened a lot and I was just completely overwhelmed. But 221bcon gave me new resolve and plenty of squee, and I’m ready to go again.
“As if I couldn’t tell sand from peat mud.” Sherlock took a deep breath, puffing out his cheeks absurdly, and submerged himself. John watched him swim slowly underwater—unnecessarily so.
“I?” John slammed the door. “I’m being deliberately provoking? You’re the one filling the indoors with the reek of God knows what, and then pouting when you’re asked to consider basic courtesy.”
One of the most unrealistic things about this story thus far has been that the goats haven’t escaped. Goats are possibly the hardest things to fence in ever because they are smart and can jump very high. They laugh at barbed wire. They thumb their noses at gates. The first pair we had on the farm once worked together to get out of a six-foot-high board fence reinforced with chicken wire. So in the interests of truthfulness, out the goats had to go.
Once his bread was in the oven, next to a truly enormous haunch of meat, Sherlock found himself setting up huge trestle tables outside. When these were prepared to Mrs. Hudson’s satisfaction, he was put to finding enough seats for all the men; every possible chair was pressed into service, from Lestrade’s fine maple dining set to logs from the woodshed.
“You’re ...nope, that is what you are.” John said, barely holding back a laugh. “It’s funny because it’s true. But if it helps,” he said, coming up to Sherlock and cupping his cock through his jeans, “I wouldn’t have you any other way.”
The “bears that aren’t there” thing made me want to make a Schroedinger’s bear joke but sadly Schroedinger was born in 1887 so it’s too early. Consider it made here.
Sherlock’s mind was busy as they loaded the wagon and headed towards the farm. John had been silent in any case, preoccupied, no doubt, with his worry that the man in the woods was the man from his past. Sherlock himself was not sure this was not the case, and so he was applying every scientific principle he could think of to the problem.
He reached out and plucked the offending cigar (it was really an insult to use the term cigar) from Sherlock’s lips instead. He strode to the door and flung it out.
This chapter has had several different names. Originally called “Bears That Aren’t There—Except They Are” (except they aren’t now, because the chapter is twice as long as I was expecting), I spent six months calling it “AUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGH” and at least one more calling it “The One Where They Have Sex On Purpose.”
“That’s very neat” Sherlock said. The fire was well underway and John was arranging the fish on a grill of green willow branches. “And it’ll hold?”
“And a dangerous threat to solve. Yet here we are,” Sherlock tugged at John’s hand. “Let’s sit,” Sherlock said. “Just for a minute.”
"Greg and Oliver and Phillip were old Archibald Lestrade's children.  His first wife was their mother, your Great-Aunt Martha’s sister. When he was sixty he married again--a young slip of a girl, your Great-Aunt Janine’s sister this time--who died when your mother was born.  Juliet was twenty years younger than her half-family, as she used to call them.  She was very pretty and charming and they all loved and petted her and were very proud of her.  When she fell in love with me, a poor young journalist, with nothing in the world but his pen and his ambition, there was a family earthquake.  The Lestrade pride couldn't tolerate the thing at all.  I won't rake it all up. We were both in the wrong, but things were said I could never forget or forgive.  Your mother married me, John—and the New Moon people would have nothing more to do with her.  Can you believe that, in spite of it, she was never sorry for marrying me?"
He ran his hands down the base of the tree to the grass. He was unsure of what he was looking for, but this mystery seemed rather boundless and so he continued.
“Big timber area, eh?” John whispered, and felt Sherlock emit a silent but gratifying giggle. He squeezed Sherlock’s thigh under his coat and felt him tremble.
"It is." John stood straighter, waiting for some kind of comment, but Holmes just tossed his head and disappeared into the cabin, leaving his horse where it stood.
“I suppose I should have reasoned it out,” Sherlock said. “Mike is smarter than he looks, and the Ojibway have suffered a significant loss of traditional territory, not to mention incursions of disease and alcohol. Do you suppose the Indian has a smaller liver than those of Caucasian descent?”
Mrs. Barrymore is basically Bertie Wooster’s Aunt Dahlia from P.G. Wodehouse’s Jeeves & Wooster series.
Sherlock said nothing once again. John could sense the effort of silence rolling off him and appreciated it.
"I have exactly two geese and I am saving them for eggs and food, so there are no feather beds here, no. Spruce branches are what I'm using now, and it'll be hay once I
He was still there when Sherlock got home, bright-eyed and disheveled, two large coffees in hand and a mysterious parcel under his arm. John stood and stretched, and went to relieve Sherlock of his burden.
John made no headway with his thoughts on swamp drainage. His soldier’s habit of observation still beat in him, and so almost as soon as he was out of sight of the house, he turned his attention to the mellow green of the woods, watching for anything out of the ordinary.
Sherlock turned away from John a little but kept hold of his hand. Impractical for fighting, but as he had previously gathered, there would be no fight.
In a way, I’m actually glad the last chapter ended up being 2, because I had 2 songs for it and I couldn’t let either one go.
“I’m going to take my finger out, and put the tool in, Sherlock.” John kept his voice steady. Sherlock nodded acquiescence and sighed as John slid his finger gently out. He spread Sherlock’s cheeks and set the blunt tip of the greased massager to the charge.
Fine. Now, the massage: a consistent stroke, he imagined, until the crisis was reached, at which point the congestion through ballocks and belly would be relieved. He settled his grip, encompassing as much as he could, and began. One long stroke up, one down. His grip stuttered, and he repositioned his fingers. One stroke up, one down. There. He could feel his bollocks tightening already.  He breathed deeply.
“Certainly, Dr. Stamford,” Molly said. The boy nodded, smoothing his hair back. Something about his movement caught Sherlock’s attention; he felt as though he had seen that gesture before, often.  He looked again, but the boy had risen and his back was to Sherlock.
“Fine,” Sherlock’s voice was still muffled, but it wasn’t so petulant, and John felt sure Sherlock would do as he was told. He braced himself and yanked. Sherlock rocked up directly towards him, but not all the way. He dropped back into the pile, with a frustrated “Ugh!”
“The farmer’s life brings many benefits,” Cyrus said heartily. Joe looked embarrassed, and even Greg’s typical good humour wavered.
Grease in hand, he steeled himself to face the sight of Sherlock curled on the settle, mother-naked. He turned.
“It is,” John agreed, setting his full basket on the grass and stretching as well. He glanced over at Sherlock, so close to him… then settled his hands behind his head. He still, despite his resolve, could not bear to lay his hands on the grass beside Sherlock’s. The pamphlet Mycroft had sent him was burned into his mind. It was a constant presence in his clothes, as he had not dared burn it, in case Mycroft should choose to test him, but neither did he dare leave it in the cabin. Sherlock rummaged through his things with no care for confidentiality.
“Hey, it’s better science because it’s a bigger sample size. Plus, honestly, it gives you a greater chance of winning, because I’m so frustrated I’m likely to go off like a shot if you have six minutes to put your hands on me.”
"Sherlock," he hissed, but Sherlock had swung again and hit the bear once again. It was only a matter of time until the bear left what undoubtedly seemed like a delicious buffet and turned on Sherlock.
“Supper’s waiting,” John said, so heartily he startled even himself. Gratefully, young Joe made a beeline for the tables. The rest of them followed more slowly, setting the tools away and washing their hands at the pump.
"Close your mouth, John, or flies will get in." Sally said, then rounded on Mrs. Hudson, "And don't you suggest that I make up to him. A more useless husband I could not imagine, and I have Anderson as a model.”
“As long as it burns, Sherlock,” John replied, poking his fire and watching with satisfaction as the sparks crackled up into the darkening sky.
“Goats are better than people, and it would follow that they deserve better treatment.” Sherlock said, and, unwinding himself, stood to gather the dishes.
Everything that happens in this chapter is consensual. I hope I've made that clear enough. If you're uneasy about "medical" situations turning sexual you might want to skip this chapter. Also, Sherlock is still having flashes of shame about his erections.
“It seems to me that some token is customary at the conclusion of a successful courtship,” Sherlock ventured.
“Those hens are laying beautifully now,” Sherlock said smugly. John rolled his eyes. Sherlock had insisted on giving them a warm mash through the rainy period despite John’s loudly stated opinion that it was cosseting pure and simple. Now, apparently, he would have to concede that it had worked.
"Cold?" Sherlock asked. He himself seemed calm enough, all of a sudden, even bare-chested and with his hands on his fly buttons.
He wrote until his eyes were scratchy and his mind was quiet. His subject had barely moved, though the port and chocolate were gone.
He had already had to abandon his vow to restrict self-abuse to once a fortnight; he now allowed himself once a day. Otherwise he would crumble under the strain and most likely lay hands on Sherlock, who, aggravating though he was, did not deserve to suffer John’s unpalatable mixture of anger and desire.
Or …? As Sherlock leaped to the ground, the little creature spasmed and rolled over, clearly trying to drag itself away from the threat. Sherlock slowed his step and extended his hands; the squirrel chittered feebly.
A short 'baa' brought John back to his purpose. Clara stood behind him, asking for attention. He pulled one of her ears, and she pushed against his hand, then began mouthing his shirtsleeve.
“Every phone has a GPS tracker now. It’s not 2010 anymore. If you don’t want me to find you, turn off your location.”
He sighed. He wasn’t an animal; he was a rational being. Once per fortnight was perfectly adequate in order to avoid congestion of the testes. More than that was sheer indulgence, and so required a simple test of will to control his frequency.
John picked up the massager and held it in his free hand, gauging its weight again, but also feeling its smoothness with pardonable pride. He slicked it with grease; the sound it made coincided with another huff of breath from Sherlock.
As always, my main beta, doctornerdington, and my other readers marigolds, turifer, ellioop, and girlwhowearsglasses, are the best. I am also so grateful to all of you that are reading and commenting. You're super funny and your comments are amazing.
“She did. We had orders—the siege of Agra. We were sent to relieve it, and she knew. I didn’t tell her, but she knew. Her father, maybe. She told the opposing force, and they destroyed our regiment.”
"Good," Sherlock said smugly, and kissed him. John's mouth was warm and a little sour, a delicious contrast to the coolness of his own. Daring, Sherlock licked John's lower lip, and John opened to him, their tongues sliding together. Sherlock hummed his pleasure.
While he was using all his energy avoiding the moose until he could get to the barn, or the shanty, or the house, he was distantly aware of a cacophonous sound, presumably the livestock reacting to this unlikely spectacle. Where were the geese and their powerful wings now, he asked himself, and was briefly distracted by the question whether or not the force of their wings would be enough to stop a moose. Unlikely.
“Bedtime,” Uncle Gregory said, shortly. “John, you’ll sleep in the hired man’s room. Follow me.” John rose obediently, nodding to Cousin Mike, who was nearly asleep in his chair. He would have nodded to Great-Aunt Martha too, but she caught his arm on her way out of the kitchen and gave him a warm kiss. He ducked his head, but then kissed her back on her soft cheek.
companionship. Why don’t you marry? You’re tolerably good-looking and while your temper is rather uneven, you’re industrious, and eventually you’ll be prosperous. Many women would have you.” Sherlock said this last with a rather disapproving look on his face, as though what women would do were the least interesting thing he could imagine.
"Get off me," he growled, but Sherlock, after a brief pause to regain his breath, was already leveraging himself off. His arse lifted off John's thighs, none too soon, and he stood and extended a hand.
"All right?" He kissed that mouth again, then Sherlock's neck, covering each sleek inch, one at a time, and savouring the intersection of skin and semen. He licked his lips and kissed the notch of his neck.
John cursed. Just as awful as he thought. An odd, surly-or-talkative city boy. He wished Mycroft Holmes to the bottom of the Saint Lawrence River.
“I’m up,” he said. Sherlock stood over him—and if he glanced at the state of John’s midsection through the blankets, it was only for informational purposes—and waited until his eyes were satisfactorily open, then moved on to start tea and breakfast. It was dreadfully boring, but John needed calories, and he himself could use the slight tonic that tea would provide.
Well, not exactly. They’d eaten at the mess or with her father more often than not during their marriage; Mary had never been one for domestic joys, not that he blamed her. She had been much more interested in those of the flesh. He recalled her laid out before him, pink and laughing on crumpled sheets. He remembered another, darker pleasure: more flesh, harder flesh…Sholto…
“Acclimating well enough, I suppose. Got on the wrong side of a moose, but my garden’s never been better.”
“Treachery,” he intoned, in such a funny voice that John snorted with laughter. “For it was a trick question, meant to separate the loyal from the disloyal.”
What was most puzzling was that the dreams that made him spend himself were dreams that did not seem so very obscene.  In the last one, John had held him close and whispered words of love and safety, his firm hand stroking Sherlock’s body. He knew that was what he wanted, but it was odd that it should bring him to such a pitch, so often. Even thinking of it in the daytime could cause a surge of desire.
“I hear you’ve been experimenting with salt-rising bread. That’s quite tricky—at least Soo-Lin says so and she’s the expert—but I’d love to taste yours, and she probably would too. Where has she gotten to, anyhow?” she asked Mrs. Hudson.
“Okay,” John said, setting down his tray and reaching for the keys.  It wasn’t until they were in the truck that he thought to ask.
The next morning, John woke to a quiet cabin and sun streaming into the windows. He got up, stretched, and looked upstairs: no Sherlock. He looked at the door: no boots.
Sherlock's face, looking at him naked in the firelight, was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen. His lower lip glistened where he had bitten it, and his eyes were huge and dark.
John shook his head. Just wait until he got his hands on that man. He was so very grateful for Lestrade’s forbearance; far from being furious, as most men would be, he was understanding.
Not only that, but  as he brought his face back down, he could tell that Sherlock smelled. Not the expensive smell of cologne, like the men in the line, but sharp and primal—sweat and salt. Something strained in John’s belly.  He drew a shaky breath.
"If I'd known all I needed to do to get some tea was to seduce you, I'd have done it much earlier." John said.
Pulling on his trousers and boots, he went out to the barn. As he stepped into the bright summer morning he saw the chickens were already out and breathed a sigh of relief. Sherlock must have come to collect eggs, a conclusion that made much greater sense than Sherlock running away.
“Speculation, John.” Sherlock continued to scribble. “Although, your question regarding the dog is marginally useful.”
“Time” Sherlock gasped, and John pulled away. He looked regretfully at the other nipple, but abided by their agreement. He kissed Sherlock’s mouth, softly.
“One more song,” Sherlock said, catching his arm and pulling him in. John was caught off-balance and bumped against Sherlock’s chest. Another whiff of Sherlock’s hot body and the feel of his damp skin under the string vest was too much for him. He yanked his arm away. He wasn’t going to do this.
“Goodnight.” Sherlock replied, but John had already gone outside to relieve himself. He shivered a little as he came back in.
"Dimmock! Come in right away, lad! Is your horse in?" Dimmock shook his head, numb; John sent him inside.
“If you lose, you’re going to shovel the fucking steps for the rest of the winter. As soon as it snows.”
“I do not. I am in full possession of my faculties.” He really was not. His symptoms had returned, and, though milder, they were intensely distracting. His attention vibrated between his own body and John’s; never before had he been so aware of someone physically. “Let’s have breakfast.”
"Is there a scientific reason to speak to animals?" Sherlock asked seriously. “Do they mind you better? Do they gain flesh more quickly?"
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
It was only when a log dropped in the grate and made him jump that John realized he had been dreaming, half-asleep in his low work chair.
, did he? Honestly." John was about to protest, but Sherlock continued, apparently bent on explaining himself. "Quite by chance, I had gotten hold of what I believed to be a hybrid between a domesticated dog and a coyote, a hybrid I wished to examine for anatomical irregularities before it decayed further."
“I was stifling. There was a medic’s course two towns away, and so I went. Ha—I mean, it wasn’t the best at home, Dad and I never got on after I grew big enough to question his decisions.”
Douglas Watson woke not long after, and as soon as he saw his son’s face he simply took him in his arms.
“Ah, don’t worry about it. He meant well. I told him to fuck off and he did. Found a loaf of bread and some onions the next day, so he was properly sorry.”
"I want you to. So much. But I want to touch you. To spend together." The words fell from his mouth in a rush.
"A letter?" he asked, when Dimmock's teeth finally stopped chattering. "Why in heaven's name would you come out today? I'm surprised Lestrade allowed you to come."
“Obvious, isn’t it?” Sherlock said, and suddenly it was. He recalled the way Lyons’ fingers had sunk into the flesh of Lestrade’s arm as they had swung past. John’s brief enjoyment had been entirely different.
"John." Sherlock's voice, pitched low in his ear, rumbled through his body and John couldn't help but arch up against him.
This, Sherlock quickly realized. He had also realized his error in not thinking about the qualities of aggregated chicken manure prior to his sudden immersion; surely it would do well in the garden?
“Pick up the cups when you’re finished,” John sighed, and went to see if there were any dinner ingredients that didn’t come from giant aquatic rodents.
John held onto the feeling of wellbeing as he dipped the end of the towel in water. Holding his breath, he rubbed it around his pubic hair, under his ballocks.
Was he, though? A question slid into his mind: was he, John Watson, panicking? Was his fear rational?
Now that his mind was on the subject, he looked over at Sherlock. He had not noticed him doing anything of the sort, for which he was, in general, thankful, but it did cause him to wonder if Mycroft Holmes had not been correct. If Sherlock did not frig himself to completion, or if he did it so infrequently that he suffered from testicular congestion, then his health could be at risk. He resolved to raise the subject at an appropriate time.
“I thought as much.” John looked around the aisle--empty. He took one cup from Sherlock’s hand and, taking advantage of their closeness, kissed him briefly on the lips. “How was your day?”
just sprouting by the barn pond, he noticed, and among the stumps on the field adjacent to the one John was ploughing, but he could collect that on the return trip.  Right now he wanted to see what type of terrain lay along the south line.
John had all he could do not to reach out to Sherlock then and there. He looked wrecked and vulnerable already, in the aftermath of their fright and their long, long day. Had it really been only that morning that they had arrived at Lestrade's, bread and axe in hand? John could feel fatigue in his own limbs as well, but he pushed it away.
They had only gone a few steps when they heard a loud snap of branches and a grunt. John kept to his measured pace, but a crash closer behind him told him that Sherlock had not. Sherlock sped past him, clearly terrified, and out into the cleared area. John followed, almost laughing at Sherlock’s fear, despite their circumstances. Then, he remembered Sherlock was a man of the city, and that these dark woods were just as frightening to him as dimly lit streets were to John.
“I shouldn’t theorize, as we haven’t been able to make it down to the southeast ravine before dark in the last week or two.”
Oh, and extricate himself. He reached up with both hands in order to pry John’s fingers from his shirtfront, but the strength of that hand, small in his, was nearly alarming in its intensity.
“You will return to the home quarter. You will stay there, unless you have my permission to leave. Is that understood?”
“I don’t think so,” John said, laughing. He had heard stories in the army. “But I have my suspicions. Mrs. Hudson’s hired man, Anderson, is very fond of his horse.”
“Er,” John’s breath had caught. Sherlock was looking up through his eyelashes, his lips plump and slightly open, and it was unbearably distracting. “I’m sure. How,” he said, taking a firmer breath, “did you manage to stumble upon the babies in the first place?”
“What in blazes is happening here?” John. Sherlock found it hard to believe that fourteen minutes had passed since his experiment, such as it was, had begun, but he looked over to see Jack and Hamish standing placidly at the edge of the field. In fact, he had quite a significant audience; Isadora looked at him in bemusement, the calves peeking out from behind her. Both Clara and Harry were baa-ing loudly, Harry straining at her chain in order to get closer. Idiot Horse was watching him closely. Only Arthur had his back to the whole scene.
How had they made it here, finally? They had faced terror—could still face terror, considering that they had not yet checked the inside of the cabin, where their safety was by no means guaranteed. And yet, the only thing Sherlock could think of was that only a few buckets of water stood between them consummating their relationship. He was suddenly nervous, dry-mouthed. He licked his lips.
Sherlock turned to stare at John, openmouthed. John’s bravery had been uncomfortably devastating. What would his reaction be? Fear? Anger? Sherlock found himself unable to predict his reaction, and his interest was further piqued.
“Today, John,” Sherlock said the next morning, as though he didn’t have a strained ankle and several significant contusions, “I am going to conduct a thorough survey of the environs. This” —he waved a government ordinance map— “is essentially useless to me. I should manage that by dark, I suppose.”
John fumbled with the mother-of-pearl buttons on the fine wool drawers with a sense of trepidation that was almost entirely due to Sherlock’s state. He’d stopped shivering now, and though it was dark as the inside of a black cat, John would bet money that he didn’t have that Sherlock’s lips were blue. He needed to be dry and warm immediately, and a dram of brandy inside him as fast as he could be made to swallow. Otherwise—John did not care to think of the implications.
I can’t guarantee when I’m going to post the next chapter, but I’m hoping to surf this wave of productivity a little longer. As for the total number of chapters, I’m still hoping to come in under twenty. This chapter contains, as I mentioned, only about half of the events it was supposed to. This is entirely down to both John and Sherlock being exhibitionists and also my penchant for sexy banter. I’m not sorry.
“And I thought him showing up here a few weeks ago and telling me that I’d been chopping all wrong was bad.”
“Squirrel fur. Really, John! There’s no agouti colour on the strands!” he shook his head scornfully. “Like so many, you see but you do not observe.”
He felt a chill creep across him. Suddenly, it seemed possible that the bush around the edges of the farmyard was populated with invisible bears. He stood tall, planting his feet into the ground against the sudden fear. There was no reason to expect bears to be out, or to charge into a clearing in broad daylight. He would not bolt back to the house.
He did not look away as, with one final heave, body tensed from neck to buttocks to calves, John split the great tree in two. The full flex of every muscle and John’s satisfied sigh nearly cost Sherlock his sanity; he worried his lower lip and shifted again. He could feel his own pulse making his cock throb; he was so hard it hurt.
“So this is the famous breadmaking city boy,” Sarah said, entirely unperturbed by Mrs. Hudson’s disapprobation. She held out her free hand. “I’m Sarah Sawyer. I farm over by Willows with my partner, Soo-lin.”
“I don’t believe in gut feelings, or intuition. Only facts. And it is a terrible mistake to theorize without the facts.”
“You’re clearly connecting this,” Sherlock gestured to the pile of feces, “with something in your history; you’re shrugging it off, which means you don’t really think your instinct is correct. It’s probably not correct, but you’re still concerned.”
Sherlock guided Idiot Horse closer to Arthur so he could  reach out and grip John’s shoulder. Arthur made as though to dance away, but Sherlock reached over and grabbed the near rein.
When John came back from the barn the few dishes were done, and Sherlock was on the settle writing in a leatherbound notebook. Sheaves of paper lay on the floor beside him. John thought he saw a picture of a fiddlehead on one of the pages.
“The lighter-coloured eggs have a slightly reduced strength,” Sherlock said, but did not elaborate. Instead, he put a forkful of broken omelet to his lips, first smelling, then tasting. He set down his plate and went to his pile of notebooks, and did not return. John, grateful today for the silence, finished his omelet and watched Sherlock’s rather frantic scribbling.
"John!" Angelo shouted the moment he came in. "You are not dead! Come and have some stew, my friend, and I have a whiskey you will adore!"
Maybe not just the wind, then. He clucked at Arthur to speed up; Arthur did so, obviously looking forward to home.
Sherlock shrugged. “Such is life,” he said, and proceeded to brush whispery kisses all around John’s cock for three minutes without touching it once.
“Sherlock, I am going to do…to make…an external examination. I will have …I’ll have to touch you, all right?”
In most pioneer centres, axes were sold as heads only, at least in part because sending wood handles out to backwoods farms was coals to Newcastle. I’m sure you all remember the part from Little House on the Prairie where Pa carves the axe handle; that’s basically what happens.
John reached out to reciprocate. Sherlock’s hand engulfed his even before John’s arm was fully extended; John had insufficient time to prepare himself for the contact.
John looked at the row of little glass containers along the back of the bench. At least one of them contained squirrel viscera. Another was, without a doubt, chicken manure.
As it was, Sherlock felt quite shy as dribs and drabs of the last evening came back to him. He had been weak enough that John had undressed him and put him to bed—that was bad enough—but he remembered now, in a hot flush of shame, that he had asked John to come back to bed with him.
He did sleep that night, though it was not refreshing, interrupted as it was with jumbled images of pleading faces.
“I told you there were bears,” John said, as he drew as level as he could, considering the circumstances.
“Sexual release,” John said, using his doctor’s voice “is an important aspect of men’s health. If you are not experiencing, er, emissions every fortnight or so, there is danger of testicular congestion.”
“I’m sorry to see it go,” John said, as Sherlock was slicing bread. “But it is just the thing to repair the garden fence and keep those spoiled goats out.”
In the days that followed, John took rather longer trips to the outhouse than usual, and Sherlock took no notice—or said nothing if he did.  His appropriation of the beeswax also went unremarked, though, John was sure, not unnoticed. Sherlock had been mumbling things about bees and honey with increasing frequency, and John expected to find a beehive in the garden any day now.
“She might do. Usually not. There!” Harry had emerged from behind the shanty, Clara at her side, and, with a small, smug bleat took off down the carefully hoed potato field.
“I am ready to record your findings,” Sherlock said, and fixed John with a pale stare. John repeated the actions of the morning: two gulps, several little bites, and a painstaking unrolling.
He reached up into the beams of the roof. A small person could hide there, if they wanted, but there was nobody.
“That’s fine,” he said, clearing his throat and stepping back. “I would have helped anyone. I’ll be clearing up by the far north field,” he added, and fled, leaving Sherlock standing bewildered and aroused in the middle of the cabin.
“Glad to see your moral compass has righted itself” Sherlock could not prevent himself from saying, though his lips were brushing against John’s neck.
"I'm really not. And why have you come so far? Surely there are city doctors that would do a better job." Mycroft's eyebrows rose at the word 'city'.
“Oh.” John didn’t quite know how to parse that particular sentence. “So you’re a bachelor, like me.”
“And then I met Mary Morstan, the quartermaster’s daughter. She felt the same; Sho—some of the other men did, too, but it was harder to talk to them.”
Then, Sherlock drew him into an awkward hug. John froze, but let himself be clasped to Sherlock’s body. His sensible self was screaming that he should retreat; his less sensible self reached out for the contact once again.
"Wonderful," John said, almost tartly. He was about to say that he was so glad he could satisfy Sherlock's scientific curiosity, but then Sherlock licked the drop from the tip of his cock, and all that came out of John's mouth was a long, low-pitched groan.
“Bugger the light,” Sherlock reached up for his wrists and captured them easily. He pulled John back down against him.
Sherlock nodded, feeling rather awkward, and turned away to finish washing his hands. The kitchen fell silent as they all set to their tasks; only the clank of plates, the sizzle of meat, and the gentle chink of eggs being put to boil could be heard.
John was still nowhere to be seen when Sherlock came outside again after having deposited his chairs and said good night to a tipsy Mrs. Hudson. Sarah and Soo-Lin had been nowhere to be seen, and even Lestrade had disappeared. The bonfire had died down to a glow of coals, and the deserted barnyard felt uncomfortably lonely in the starlight.
They spend the next five weeks—the rest of the summer—fucking in every conceivable place and position, including but not limited to mutual blowjobs in the hayloft; in a field of sweet clover late at night; in John’s room at siesta time; in Guglielmo’s dormitory bed during the day when they should be working; among the olive trees.
Harriet’s voice quavered as she spoke with an uncharacteristic insecurity. “John picked me up like usual, to walk me to lessons.” She hugged a pillow tightly. “This boy, Will, he’s in, err… John’s year, I think, maybe one up. He just… came up to us and called John these… these horrible things. He was calling him a homosexual.”
“His actions have made him a dangerous variable,” finished Mycroft. The Warden mumbled something Cornelia couldn’t make out. Mycroft continued. “Dr. Humphrey, I fought for my brother’s admission after the poisoning, and for extra academic leeway to be granted to him due to his advanced intellectual faculties. As you have posited, I work in public relations. I know when to fight, and when to give up. I am under no delusions that any debate I might instigate would result in an appeal of his expulsion. Sherlock must leave Radley.” Cornelia took a sharp intake of breath.
Around letter F, John glanced at the door, noticing Greg Lestrade leaning in its frame. Momentarily distracted, John snapped his head back to his orchestra, adding a subdivision as the brass section punctuated the rhythm set by the strings. He tried not to rush through the rest of the piece, although he cut off the six whole notes held by the double basses.
Julian flipped over, coughing up blood. Oh, god. One of his teeth was knocked out. His chest heaved, likely from a broken rib. The snow around his head sported a bloody halo.
Christine heard James fumbling with the key. Glancing at the digital clock on the shelf, she noted it was a bit early for James to be coming home. Usually, he stayed after work to talk with a few of his fellow instructors at the grade school. Then he’d go out and pick up John and Harriet from music lessons before coming home for dinner. For a bohemian, he kept a regular schedule.
As Sherlock entered the building, he could hear the melody leaking from a nearby soundstage. He rounded the corner and found himself standing in the gargantuan Studio MV1.
“You’re good and happy!” called Mrs. Hudson from halfway up the stairs. Sherlock stopped playing, turning to grin at her.
“Stop whingeing and get on with it,” said John, laughing. “And-” as he lifted his baton, the string players lifted their horse-hair bows to hover centimeters above their instruments, hands poised to strike at the strings like adders at unsuspecting mice. As John began to conduct, the orchestra sprang into action. At first, the low cellos sounded like sighs. The violins and violas joined in, playing at a delightfully jaunty allegro tempo. As the string section reached the end of the phrase, John held up a hand to indicate they should stop.
“Your reaction gave it away, but let’s walk through the rest, just for fun. You parked in the driveway last night when there was space in the garage. Thought it was odd, given the snow. It snowed before dinner and again in the morning covering any tracks, but when I got in the car an hour or so ago, I noticed the volume of snow on the windshield didn’t match the volume on the ground. So you got in last night and drove off, clearing away the snow with the wipers, trying to make as little noise as possible, doing something you clearly were paranoid about me discovering, something private, which I hypothesized to be sex, a hypothesis which was confirmed by your reaction. No girlfriend at uni, secret sex, a call-girl. Thank you, Mycroft, for this delightful excursion, and properly bugger off.”
“Mikey!” It was his mummy this time, voice breathless from carrying a bassinet containing what could only be-
Miriam, being a woman of science, knew that today, Viscount Holmes’ peculiar phraseology and inability to make eye contact would be called signs of high functioning autism. From what little Rochester had admitted about his “mad” grandfather, Miriam could only assume the same. Miriam could see how a woman could overlook madness to share in a Viscount’s wealth.
“Thanks, John. Look, if you don’t mind, I’d like to bring in a few people tomorrow. Get some feedback.”
Sherlock tore into the parcel, revealing an elegant wooden case. Fumbling to undo the latches, Sherlock popped open the lid, hinges creaking as he swung it back.
“Well, James, maybe it’s about time she comes home. John’s never- well, he’s asked, but-John’s never gone off to some American boarding school or… or enrolled… well, you know, he’s always worked for what he’s got. Maybe it’s time we-err- you know, we spend all this money on Harriet and we assume that John- that he’s okay with it, but…”
“I’m afraid so, Mr. Holmes. Sherlock can no longer attend Radley.” Cornelia heard the sound of a chair scraping.
Sherlock sat in the C Social garden, wrapped snugly in a white trench coat, plucking idly at his violin’s strings. Boys lobbed snowballs at each other as they raced around the snowy courtyard. After Warden Humphrey had declared the day an official snow day, the residents of C Social had been shooed out of the dorms by the Pastoral Housemistress to take their minds off looming Lent Term exams.
“Oh. Right.” Sebastian puzzled over that one. Composing? The Chaplain always chided Sherlock for never having a pen and paper out with which to take notes. “Sorry, but how?”
“Yes, yes I can, actually,” said John, stepping off the podium to clap Lestrade on the shoulder. “Take five!” called John, resulting in a sudden and systemic slouch.
“But I’m not an artist, dad. Clarinet is great, I love it, but how in God’s name would I make any sort of money after I graduate? With the Army-”
“I just want you to know, mum. That. Well. I do love you. So much. I love John, and dad. I don’t say it enough. None of us do.”
Miriam decided against telling Rochester of her suspicions. Rochester loved their boys, Miriam had no doubt, but seemed determined to sand down their “rough edges,” as he euphemistically put it.
John swallowed. “Yeah. Lestrade, why don’t you… you know your own composition. You can take them the rest of the afternoon.” John grabbed his bag, stuffing his baton and his music binder into it.
The cab screeched a violent B# as it pulled up to the white arch of Maida Vale. Sherlock quickly paid the cabbie, turning up his coat collar as he hopped out. His phone buzzed.
Dog toys for Redbeard, although those were met with great excitement from Sherlock as well; he had grown quite fond of the thing.
“Mycroft is the name you gave me, please use it!” Mycroft shook his head. Weak. Childish. The jibe sounded wrong as it came out. Barely snappish, let alone cutting. He’d amend the saying, dial up the scathing.
“What the hell, Christine? You left the door unlocked? Harriet, what are you doing home-” James, having strode into the living room, saw John asleep on the couch, face puffy and bruised. “Another fight?” whispered James, dropping his bag.
“He’s willing to finance your musical education, as a personal favor to an old friend. Regardless of how I feel about charity, it’s a free education, John, an opportunity most young artists- most young people- would jump at.”
School was dull. Most Year 2 boys were learning about Ancient Greece. Mummy insisted he go to school to learn to play with other boys, though permitted the (dull) material to be supplemented with the tutelage of Dr. Applebaugh. Who was also quite dull. He wanted Mycroft to learn about the discovery of the Americas by Europeans. Dull. Mycroft supplemented the supplementary work with a study of the French Revolution. Gorey. Class warfare. Not dull.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Holmes. Your father’s substantial donations to the Silk Fund are greatly appreciated, but-”
“I’m afraid so, Dr. Humphrey. Sherlock is ill-accustomed to criticism, let alone criminal accusation.”
The first was instant affection. Mycroft found depictions of cherubs rather sickly and unbecoming, but now he understood their magnetizing quality. The infant bore plump, soft cheeks, a bit flushed from the laborious act of being born. Its eyelids fluttered, eyelashes thinner than butterfly legs. Mycroft would know, his parents had bought him a mounted set of opulently-tinted butterflies for Christmas, proudly displayed above his bed. This infant....Mycroft was proud to be its brother, shifting so that his father could gently move the thing into his arms.
Now, the sweet, peculiar boy seemed on the verge of expulsion. After a moment of silence, Sherlock entered the hall, slamming the door behind him. Cornelia flinched. He stared at her desperately before slumping against the opposite wall, eyes boring into the door. Cornelia swallowed her fear, pressing her ear again to the door.
For a second, Mycroft could have sworn the corner of his brother’s mouth twitched ever-so-slightly, as if the infant was smirking up at him.
Miriam and Rochester Holmes insisted on few rules when it came to their boys, their boys being so extraordinary. No skipping years, no matter how dull the other boys were. No pouring acid down an anthill, no matter how hard the little bugs would writhe. No talking about torture at the table.  And Christmas.
Lestrade was clearly struggling with the composition itself. He’d rather drastically revised the piece many times over after various workshops and trials, never quite satisfied with how it sounded.
“Men like the older women these days, you know. You should see what I found on Google-” Sherlock slipped his black trench coat on seamlessly, roughly tossing his blue scarf around his neck before tucking it into his coat. He swept out the door, slamming it behind him, eliciting a little “oh!” from Mrs. Hudson.
“John, I don’t know how I can make this much clearer to you: if you join the Army, I will be irreconcilably angry. I won’t go so far as to say you wouldn’t be my son, but… our convictions define us.”
“Well.” The Warden cleared his throat obnoxiously. “Julian Gillespie, age 15, went into surgery last night after your brother assaulted him. Sherlock broke his nose so severely that he needed immediate reconstructive surgery.”
“You’re so good with them, Dr. Watson,” said Lestrade, walking with John on the outskirts of the soundstage. “They like you and respect you at the same time. That’s an achievement.”
“John. I’m not going to rat on you or anything if you tell it like it is. To tell you the truth, you’re one of my only friends here.”
“Will you let me finish, dad? Thank you. They pay for the last three years of med school, and pay you a salary on top of that. Nice deal, yeah? In exchange, you serve for six years-”
“What’s wrong this time? We both know you’re trying to wean yourself off my services as your ghostwriter. You wouldn’t have come to me if it wasn’t something awful.” Sherlock’s voice was lathered with contempt.
“John, your Year 11 grades were...err.. superb! Superb, John. Mr. Willoughby says you have a real knack for biology, that you would make a great doctor!”
“Yes. Quite. Then I suppose you encouraged Mrs. Gillespie to ask for Sherlock’s dismissal from Radley, in lieu of a legal battle.”
Sebastian, cheeks flushed from exhilaration, brushed snow off the bench to sit opposite Sherlock. Sherlock looked rather like an arctic fox, pale skin and clothes allowing him to camouflage against the snowy garden. Sherlock did not make a habit of blending in with the other Year 11 boys.
Rochester’s father had been the Viscount Holmes of so-and-so, posh accent and peculiar phraseology to boot. As a woman of science, Miriam had keen powers of observation and recollection, a skill which extended to examining her in-laws. Miriam clearly remembered that the Viscount was unable to look her in the eye, a slight Rochester hastily assured wasn’t due to her Jewish heritage.
Although Miriam was a woman of science, she was entirely flummoxed by the interaction. Not an unusual emotion to feel around Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes.
Tickets to ‘Hamlet’ at the Barbican for Mycroft, a velvet eye-patch and taxidermy parrot for Sherlock (“Arrrrr, matey! Mycroft, if I were the Captain, I’d have you walk the plank!”)
“He knows. Sholto feels- well, I got the short end of the stick, didn’t I? I didn’t make it, professionally. It’s how it goes, I suppose, in the music industry. But he made it. His boys went to Eton.”
Then, Sherlock fled unthinkingly, away from the cabin and away from John, away from the overwhelming shock and sensation of seeing him in such a vulnerable spot. His whole body burned with exertion, but he kept moving down the southeast line, heedless of any obstacle. Once he reached the track, he turned into the woods, running through the clearish parts until he fetched up, panting, on the top of a small cliff. His legs trembling, he sat on a fallen log, his head in his hands, a crumpled figure in the fading light.
“Sherlock, did you bring your violin?” Stamford asked, and at Sherlock’s nod of assent everyone, even Sally, cheered.
He looked at Harry and Clara standing side-by-side, eating companionably. Perhaps a platonic pair bond would not be the worst thing in the world.
“Okay. All right,” Angelo said, undeterred, “If that’s what you want to say. I understand.” He winked broadly. “Your things are all ready. Come, you, come, Sherlock, have some meat pie.”
Bears that eat a lot of meat aren’t inherently dangerous (bears that eat a lot of garbage, on the other hand…). This is a “for the purposes of the story” detail.
So, the hired man’s room. It was comfortable, at least, and while Martha had frowned when he’d decreed it, at least it had no sad history.
John nearly spent himself at that; he bit his own lip and stood, keeping his hands on Sherlock. He stroked his back and flanks, then reached around to touch his cock.
What did she want? Why were they the target? Why the hair, or the button-eyed dog, or the bear? How had they somehow tamed a bear? Were they responsible for the squirrel? Their aim did not appear to harm, as such; they could have hurt either John or Sherlock very gravely at any time in such an isolated area. Mental torture? More likely; John was very susceptible, as Sherlock well knew, and even he himself was not immune. Certainly, this current situation was one that could cause considerable mental stress… but why? To what end? Sherlock had had little use for most humans, but he felt he had not made any particular enemies; people tended to avoid him. John had more possible cause to think himself a target, but the prospect of his past ghosts being alive or coming from India seemed very unlikely.
"You don't? And yet you're a man of considerable intellectual power." Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "So you sublimate your intelligence. Why?"
"I'm going out, Sherlock, to the barn," John said, after dinner. Sherlock didn't even look around as John took the grease from the cupboard; he was staring meditatively into the fire, wrapped once again in his blankets.
John, seeing he was not going to get another word from Sherlock for the rest of the evening, set water to boil for dishes. When those were done, he poured two small glasses of port and broke up some chocolate.  Setting Sherlock’s share at his elbow, John sank into his chair and watched the fire…and Sherlock, despite himself. The firelight illuminated Sherlock’s distinctive profile and tinted his dark curls with a warm light, and the whole picture was of such pure perfection that John wished he could immortalize it. He was no artist, though.
Stamford arrived just before noon, driving his wagon into the yard to friendly shouts from everyone.
"Rich." Lestrade was curt and did not look at John. "Family money is from England; parents moved out when their heir disgraced the family. Middle brother has political ambitions. Younger brother is a scientist and the best of the bunch, although he's a temperamental devil."
He was a bad man. A very bad man, and yet he did not stop, instead imagining himself settling between those lush arse cheeks, stretching Sherlock and filling him, making him cry out, and leaving him soft and pliant, afterwards. Heat curled through him, and his crisis came quickly, a shudder of sharp relief.
Taking a handful of corn, Sherlock leaned over the pen and began to dole out grains one by one, first to Philemon and then to Pierrette. The chickens, ignored, surged around the geese, cackling. The geese themselves accepted the first few offerings, but quickly became impatient. Sherlock seemed aware of this, but continued as he had begun, until Pierrette surged up out of the pen and perched on the bar, beating her great wings. Philemon, not to be outdone, honked as loudly as he could, and Sherlock jumped back in surprise, tripped over the lead rope, and fell into John, knocking him back onto the floor.
“It’s not my compass that’s pointing true north,” John said, pressing his cock against Sherlock’s thigh. “Come to bed and let me deflower you.”
He did not, however, let go of John, and it was thus that John found himself colliding with Sherlock’s body, nude and cool and alive. That impact was sufficient, it seemed, to make Sherlock let him go as well, but they were still entangled.
“Sally.” He kept his expression neutral. How did one react in such circumstances? Unsure of himself, he advanced his hand. “From Carleton Academy.”
Sherlock watched him dig further into the dish. John felt a little self-conscious at the intensity of his gaze, but as he worked through the layers of buttery creamed spinach and rich bacon his eyes nearly rolled back in pleasure. He suppressed a groan as he spooned up the dregs of cream.
“Still a comfort,” Lestrade said, waving him into the house. Sherlock shook his head. How could someone be both so perceptive and so illogical? Maybe it was the rum.
