And then it passes, and when Cas shifts again, Dean knows before he feels the shape of the body in his arms that it’s the last time. There is something so final as Cas’ true form melts away; something like the sensation of a bell being tolled, a door being closed, a choice being made. For a moment, his mouth tastes of graveyard dirt, and he is back at the crossroads in the dark, pressing his lips against his last best bad option.
) to reel him in, and his other arm wraps around Dean’s waist. Quick, sure movements that Dean doesn’t know how to respond to or counter. Where the fuck do you put your hands when you hug someone? His stay at his sides for a beat before he forces them to unclench and slowly wraps his arms around Cas’ back. He’s so busy telling himself
But the body in his arms is no demon-puppeted woman in a slinky dress. It is achingly familiar, and it should be, because he has held it on Earth, in Purgatory, in Heaven, and now in the Empty, which no one is meant to see and leave. It’s too much, all of a sudden, too real; though he keeps his arms clasped tight, Dean closes his eyes before he can see the look on the face he’s crossed dimensions for. “Come on,” he says (begs), as he leans back towards the light. “Let’s go
,” Dean says, crossing to Cas and pulling him roughly to his feet, “asshole, are one to talk, okay? You are the best person I have ever known, you
“Dean,” Cas says again. The shock seems to be wearing off and the timbre of his voice cuts a fine line between worry and anger, but that’s alright. Dean feverishly thinks that Cas yelling at him will be the most fun he’s had since before they killed God, and lets out a bark of hysterical laughter. Oh, maybe he has the shock, now. Did Cas pass it to him?
“I never wanted to go,” he says, and there is an ache in his voice that Dean is all too familiar with, because it’s been his constant companion for longer than he’d care to admit. “Every time, every single time, I wanted to stay. But you of all people know that sometimes, we have to make sacrifices to save the people who matter most, even if… even if.” Cas closes his eyes for a moment, and when he opens them again, that gentle half-smile is back. Dean’s heart clenches. “And—you never had to explain. I understood.” Dean opens his mouth, and Cas holds up a hand. “I’m not saying you didn’t hurt me, because you did. Greatly. But. We’ve hurt each other before, Dean Winchester. I know your soul, and even when you have aimed your worst barbs at me, I have known the goodness at your core.”
He laughs, but it’s not funny. “No one has ever done as much for me as you have. No one has ever given as much of a
;” he swallows. This is a gamble, or at least it feels like one. But if Cas had been honest in the big damn speech Dean tries his damndest not to think about, it’s at least even odds it will work, and Dean will take any bet if it means getting Cas out of here. “If it’s me, and you don’t listen, I get stuck in here, too. Are you willing to take that risk?”
Dean still has nightmares about Hell, sometimes, but if they’d chucked him in here instead, he’d have probably broken a damn sight sooner. There’s just—nothingness. An inky void and true silence, not even the press of awareness of the moving air that comes in an empty room. He’s been here all of ten seconds and he feels like he’s losing his damn mind.
He only just takes in the face in front of him before he buries his own in the crook of Castiel’s neck. Unstoppable tears of relief dampen a familiar collar as he finally releases the hold he has on his own wrist, only to clutch his hands in the fabric of the trenchcoat at Cas’ shoulder blades. Where his wings would begin, Dean realizes abstractly, if he weren’t human now, or something like it.
Castiel barely flinches. His face is stone. “Simplistic. You will need to be more inventive if you wish to dupe me.”
just the perfect summation of his excellent handle on his emotions. “You said—you told me that you cared about the world because of me. Well, you made my world brighter, ok? You didn’t just bring me out of Hell, you brought me out of my lowest points and made life seem worth living because hey, maybe my parents are dead again and Sam is doing the kind of stupid shit that only an idiot brain as big as his could come up with, but Cas has never, I don’t know, had a goddamn
he decided. He could use another friend to talk to. Of course, it didn’t hurt that this new friend was cute as fuck.
My original outline changed quite a bit. I had planned to write Dean as much more of a moody asshole at the beginning. But then Cas made him laugh, and they kind of got away from me and did their own thing. They deserve to be happy (looking at you Dabb) so I just let them figure it out.
Charlie swept past him, going straight for the kitchen and the coffee maker. She always added a few more spoonfuls of coffee grounds than were strictly necessary, but Dean wasn’t about to correct her when she was already here to chew him out.
“Sam, I promise I’m doing all I can to make sure we don’t lose the competition, but I can’t guarantee it.”
The pretty bar tender had simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time on her way to work and was almost a meal for a hungry vamp.  Luckily, Sam and Dean had been tracking the vampire and stepped in before any permanent damage could be done. Afterward, Dean insisted on accompanying her to the bar (for safety, of course). Sam opted out and went back to the motel, insisting he wasn’t feeling well and just wanted to call it a night. It only took a couple cheap beers before Dean was rambling on about ghosts and hell hounds, rock salt and the apocalypse.
“Oh my god! How long have you been sitting here,” he asked laughingly, pleased to see his new friend again so soon.
“I’m clean, too,” Cas admitted quietly while kissing each of Dean’s fingertips. “I got tested after my last relationship ended. That was two years ago. And I haven’t been with anyone since then either,” he added in a whisper.
“Anna, of course we can stay for a while. Take all the time you need. If I get really bored, I can just head next door for a cup of coffee and wait for you there,” Castiel offered.
It was like watching cold, clear water flow over rocks for a thousand years until they're worn smooth. A millennium of time and energy.
Not another word was said between them. Dean propped himself up on his hands to watch Cas walk out of the hotel room, pulling the door shut behind him. Dean let himself collapse back onto the disheveled mattress as his mind processed what just happened. All of a sudden, it felt like a dam was about to break inside of him. Which felt silly and irrational. Castiel wasn’t even his, as much as he wanted him to be. And despite how much pain he had already survived in his life, he had the fleeting thought that Cas walking away from him forever might be the thing that overpowered him. He mustered up what energy he had left to roll over and bury himself in blankets, realizing too late that they still smelled like Cas. Resigning himself to his fate, he took in a deep breath, filling his lungs with the fresh earthy scent. He finally let his tears fall and waited for the darkness to take him.
“Do that again,” Cas growls, his eyes hooded and and his voice dark. The invitation sparks something inside of Dean. He charges at Cas, their mouths crashing together. Dean’s tongue invades Cas’s mouth, hungry to taste as much as he can. All of a sudden, Dean can’t get keep his hands to himself. His hands glide down Cas’s body, traveling from the sides of Cas’ face to his rib cage and land on his hips, pulling him as close as possible. Even through the layers of clothing, Dean can feel Castiel’s arousal, causing him to push Cas even harder against the brick wall and grind against him with need. “I need you Cas. Please, I need to feel you,” Dean begs. Cas moans his approval when their lips meet again and Dean tugs at Cas’ shirt, pulling it up enough to brush his fingers across Cas’ bare stomach and trace along Cas’ waisteline. Dean hastenly unbuttons and lowers the zipper on Cas’ dress pants before greedily shoving one hand past the elastic of his shorts and wrapping his calloused fingers around Castiel’s impressive length. “Oh, Dean,” Cas whimpers at the contact, his mouth falling open as his head tips back against the hard brick. “You’re so fucking hard, Cas. Does that feel good,” Dean asks as he starts to move his hand up and down Cas’ cock. “Hmmm, fuck. Harder, Dean. Please, don’t stop,” Cas answers and thrusts into Dean’s hand. Seeing Cas react so wantonly causes Dean to rut himself harder against Cas’ hips, his own desire becoming more and more uncomfortable. Unsure of how much longer he can stand the pressure in his jeans, Dean makes quick work of his own zipper and gives himself a few strokes before managing to grip both of them together.
Castiel squinted as he watched her go, with a sneaking suspicion that she was trying to bait him into something.
A few minutes later, Dean stood by the Impala, watching Castiel walk up to the doors of the studio. He shook his head, smiling to himself, as he thought about Cas talking him into sneaking out to the car for a quickie. It was showcase night again and they were the last routine of the night, this time as national champions. He had to admit, Cas had been right. This past year had been the time of his life. And he owed a lot of it to Cas. After winning Nationals, they were invited to participate in several workshops at some of the best pole studios in the country. It had been a busy year. But a good year. Bobby finally agreed to hand over the reigns of the shop, although he stayed on as a consultant. Bobby took Ellen on a two week vacation to Hawaii, bringing back cheap souvenirs for everyone, including the plastic lei that hung around Baby’s rear view mirror. Somewhere along the way, Dean learned it was okay to let himself be happy. He learned that life will always throw curve balls that have the potential to knock you on your ass. But, if you wait long enough and keep fighting, good things do happen.
The up-beat pop song came to an end and the music transitioned to a slower ballad. Definitely a love song as the established couples found each other quickly and drifted off together. That left Dean and Castiel standing awkwardly in the midst of it all. After a moment’s hesitation, Dean extended his hand out to Castiel in offering.
“Just pretty cool? Dude, you looked kinda hypnotized for a bit there. I’d hate to see your face when you really like something then,” Charlie said suggestively, tilting her head even more towards Dean’s direction.
Time had marched forward like it always does, the days grew longer and warmer, and suddenly, the weekend of the regional competition was here. Since it was being held in Dallas, everyone agreed to split up and take two cars for the three hour road trip. Charlie, Dorothy, and Pam were taking Charlie’s yellow Volkswagen Beetle. That left Dean driving Cas, Sam, and Jess in the Impala.
“Yes. I think we should fuck. Just get it out of our system. Cause if I have to try and sleep while you’re just right there in the next bed, I might go insane.”
“Hey,” Cas said low and quiet, pulling him out of his thoughts with a hand on his shoulder. He hadn’t noticed Cas approaching, but now they stood inches apart. He took a moment to sweep his gaze over the room before looking back up ast Dean. “Pretty cool, huh? We made it, Dean,” he said with a radiant smile.
“Are you going to fuck me now?” Castiel bent his knees up and spread his legs in offering, likely assuming Dean would remove the toy and bury himself inside instead.
“Okay, Cas. We don’t exactly need to know how to waltz here or anything but it’ll help later when we’re figuring out our choreography,” he said, going back to the stereo to change the song to something slower, easier to follow. “Um, come here.”
Castiel suddenly felt like a ridiculous cartoon version of himself. It was an internal battle to keep his eyes from bugging out in the shapes of hearts and if he wasn’t careful, his tongue would actually unroll from his mouth and hit the floor. Next to him, he heard Charlie giggle quietly and when he forced himself to turn his gaze away from Dean, she was looking at him. She tilted her head and raised an accusatory eyebrow. Perhaps his poker face needed some work.
Cas had recently been living in fewer layers, so his worn trench and suit jacket were already gone. So, it would be a shorter show, but that didn’t stop Dean’s mouth from watering as Cas pulled the hem of his white button down from his trousers, revealing a stretch of tan skin. Cas kept his eyes on Dean as he pulled his tie loose and let it drop to the floor. Then he worked the buttons of his shirt, pulled it off his shoulders and let it fall behind him.
Cas stood on the sidewalk, staring at the closed door, for a full minute before Anna’s car horn jolted him back to his senses.
Castiel was distracted when he looked past Anna to see the very tall man from before attempting to fold himself into a sitting position on the floor. He wrapped his arm around the pretty girl Anna was just conversing with. His mind started connecting the dots after a few seconds. Was her brother in law the man with the beautiful smile?
“Good boy. Thank you for telling me to slow down. That would have ruined what else I have planned,” Dean said with a smirk.
“Well, if it’s all in the name of science, then by all means, please keep going,” Cas answered, eyeing him like a starving man who’s been presented with juicy steak.
“That being said, I think it’s for the best that we not let it happen again,” Cas said with a sadness in his deep voice. “It seems to only keep complicating things between us. And we’ve both worked too hard for anything to distract us now. We only have two months until Nationals now, so I think we should just put this behind us and just focus on what’s important. The competition.”
Finally satisfied that Dean was ready, Cas rose up on his knees and took himself in hand, covering his cock in lube. Dean forced himself to relax when Cas pushed into him slowly and steadily until he was as far inside Dean as he could be. They both took a few breaths to calm themselves while Dean got used to the sensation of being completely filled for the first time in years.
Dean rose from his seat to walk them out, wanting to prolong his time with Castiel as much as he could.
“Uh, yeah we were all going to see some of the sights while we’re here,” he informed Balthazar. “But Cas, don’t feel like you have to stay with us if you want to go to the party.”
“Cas? Can I uh...can I touch them?” Dean couldn’t get over how fucking dramatic they looked. Combined with Cas’s rumpled sex hair and flushed, sweaty body, he was absolutely beautiful.
Even though he still had a day, Castiel’s nerves made him anxious and fidgety. Sam must’ve picked up on it when he nudged Castiel’s arm.
“Well, not in my experience. Any time something good comes around, something else manages to come right along and fuck it all up. It's been like that all my life, so you’ll have to excuse me for being wary about you suddenly coming into my life out of the blue and offering to help make my dreams come true or whatever.”
As the weeks progressed, Dean and Castiel kept to their word. Neither of them brought up what happened that night. Rehearsals continued as expected and soon their routine was like a second nature. Their days were long and Castiel usually fell into his bed every night exhausted but satisfied in a way he hadn’t felt in a very long time. Of course, he usually woke up hard, rutting against his sheets with the memory of Dean beneath him still fresh in his mind. His dreams wouldn’t let him forget that night. Which made him more nervous about this weekend. He and Dean were sharing a room.
A morning spent in the emergency room, followed by errands to the grocery store and pharmacy, and finally getting Lisa and Ben settled back at home left him exhausted.
Castiel could recognize the red flags. Dean’s movements were quick and purposeful. “Good morning Dean,” Castiel replied. “Is everything okay?”
Trying to improve the uncomfortable atmosphere, the bar tender looks around the empty room and thinks about what she has just heard.  “You said most of the angels are dicks. So, that must mean that some of them are ok. There has to be a good angel out of all of them.” She pauses, looking hopeful. “Right?”
A week later, when the argument came up about changing their normal black shorts to something a little flashier, Dean put his foot down.
Castiel’s excitement made his blue eyes sparkle and Dean couldn’t look away. Not for the first time, he wished he could lean in and taste that smile. “Yeah. It’s pretty awesome,” he muttered, still staring at Cas’ mouth.
“Good. Now then,” Dean said with a predatory grin as he straddled Cas’s hips and leaned forward. He brought Cas’s cuffed hands up over his head and used the tie to secure him to the heavy wooden bed. Dean lowered himself to place a soft quick kiss on Castiel’s parted lips.
Dean left Castiel standing in the middle of the open room. He grabbed his bag holding his clothes and seconds later locked the door inside the little bathroom by Pam’s office. He moved on autopilot, washing his hands and splashing water on his face. He didn’t dare look at himself in the mirror. He dressed quickly, slung his bag over his shoulder, and took a deep breath before walking back out, not sure what to expect.
When Cas looked up again, his eyes found Dean. His face transformed into something softer, a look Dean recognized as one reserved for him. Dean found his feet again and made his way over to the pair. Watching him approach, Cas held his hand up to interrupt the man and immediately wrapped his arms around Dean as soon as he was within reach, enveloping him in a tight hug that seemed to settle the discomfort in Dean’s chest.
“It's so great to see so many friends here tonight to support our student dancers. Everyone has been working their asses off to get ready for tonight, so please, show them plenty of love. Our student showcase will start with our beginner level one class and continue on with our more advanced classes. As always, the showcase marks the end of an eight-week class series, allowing our students the opportunity to show off their new skills before they move forward on to the next level if they choose. Which means that a new level one class will be starting next week. So, if any of you like what you see tonight and want to give it a go, please see Charlie later tonight with any questions and to grab yourself a spot in class. But, first, please give a round of applause and welcome our Level One class.”
Castiel chanced a look at Charlie who somehow had the same knowing smirk on her face as his brother, but before he could say anything, Charlie shook her head and looked at Castiel all serious again.
“Yeah, Dean’s been through a lot. I hate thinking he’s gotta wait another year to give it a go with the competition. Pam seemed to think they really had a chance,” she said with a sigh while reading the back cover of a memoir by Carrie Fisher. “I mean he’s at the studio every night, no matter what, for an hour after closing. Even on nights Lisa couldn’t make it, Dean was still rehearsing. I’m sure that won’t change anytime soon by the way,” she added, looking up at him with a smile, before wandering off into the science fiction aisle.
Dean walked over to his night stand, opened the top drawer and pulled out the handcuffs, letting them dangle from his fingertips. “You mean these,? You’re sure about this Cas,” he asked with a mischievous sparkle in his eyes.
“Option two is where you pull on your big girl panties, and talk to him. Tell him what’s going on in that big head of yours. I’m not saying to declare your forever and undying love for the guy. But anything’s better than nothing. Hell, just ask the guy out. What’s the worst that could happen?”
at this point, how much of the winnings do you want? Lisa and I were gonna split it evenly, but if you have something else in mind, let’s just get that out of the way now.”
“Would that be such a bad thing? I happen to think you could use a few crazy ideas.” Charlie’s mouth ticked up on one side when she looked up at Dean.
“Well, maybe it’s none of my business,” he replied softly, “but I think it does matter. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be so upset about it. I mean, it’s obvious you’ve worked really hard for a reason. How long have you been practicing anyway?”
“Umph,” Cas managed as he landed on his belly, his face buried in pillows. After obtaining another ice cube from his whisky, Dean straddled him, leaning down and bracing himself on either side of Cas’s torso, caging him in. He pressed his lips onto Castiel’s back in the middle of his shoulder blades. Ever so slowly, he continued downward, leaving soft kisses in his wake. After every few, he’d break his pattern, holding the ice between his teeth and dragging it along Cas’s spine. Then, he’d go over the same spot with his tongue, eagerly tasting the salt of his heated skin.
“I know it’s too late now, but I don’t think what happened was a good idea Cas. I feel like I took advantage of you. Again. You’re already doing all of this to help me, and I keep complicating it. Last night was a mistake.”
“So, do I need to repeat any of that?” Dean stands up and begins to move slowly toward Castiel, almost cat-like. “Not unless you just want to repeat it, Dean,” Cas replies playfully. Dean continues to gravitate toward Cas until he is clearly crossing the line into personal space. Suddenly, the air feels charged, electric as they stare at each other, as if daring the other to break first.
Upon entering the studio, they found themselves in a small, empty reception area, complete with a desk holding a few different computer screens, a cordless phone, and what looked to be a logbook. There were a few worn wooden chairs lining the wall along the front. The walls held several bulletin boards that were covered in flyers advertising small businesses and local bands, as well as calendars showing upcoming class schedules for the studio. The lighting was low and warm and there was music coming from somewhere deeper in the building. A fuchsia curtain hung in the doorway beside the desk, obscuring the rest of the studio.
Ten minutes later, Charlie reappeared with a small stack of books, including the Carrie Fisher memoir, and plopped them onto the desk. Castiel began ringing them up, remembering his promise of a friends and family discount, and holding up a used textbook on computer programming with a questioning look.
“I still don't understand why you are insisting I go with you to this thing. It seems more like a “girls night out” kind of activity with all of your friends. Kinda weird to take your brother to a pole dance studio.”
By the time he looked again, there were several women, all coming out through the privacy door. Castiel stopped counting after a dozen, watching as they all proceeded to sit along that shorter wall. They were all similarly dressed. Or undressed as it were. They all wore very small black hip-hugger shorts and black sports bras or fitted tank tops. Some were wearing very tall, platform high heels and some were barefoot. A few of them excitedly smiled and waved at friends or family. Some looked quite nervous and jittery, glancing around the space and taking in deep breaths in an attempt to calm themselves. Quite quickly, Castiel’s eyes landed on the beautiful man, who sat on the floor with his back against the wall, and his legs extended out in front of him. He seemed quite unfazed by his surroundings as he typed away on the phone in his hands. Of course, he chose that moment to look up, making direct eye contact with Castiel.
Two days later, Castiel pulled into a spot in front of Lazarus Rising but couldn’t find the nerve to get out. Movement from inside the brightly lit coffee shop next door caught his attention. He did a double take when he realized it was Dean. But not just Dean. Dean and Lisa. They sat across from each other at one of the tiny tables close to the window. Dean’s posture was open and inviting as they spoke. He had a peacefulness about him. His eyes were warm and his smile was soft, but still exuded his signature charm. Whatever he was saying had Lisa enraptured and leaning in closer to him. From the angle, Cas couldn’t see her whole face, but he could tell her smile matched his. Anyone could see how comfortable they were around each other. Cas couldn’t help the pang of jealousy blooming in his chest when Lisa reached across the table to give Dean’s hand a gentle squeeze. Dean ducked his head, his cheeks blushing so badly, Castiel could see it from where he sat in his car.
Focusing on new inventory made the hours pass by quickly, and before Castiel knew it, half the day was gone. He was just finishing setting up a new display for the most recent Stephen King thriller when the door opened and a flash of red hair caught his attention.
“Uh, yeah,” he answered, pulling himself up. They stood there, staring at each other. Of course when Cas had his dick in his mouth, he couldn’t shut up. Now, Dean had no idea what to say.
Dean glares at her as he raises one eyebrow. “Don’t get me wrong, he’s not always a teddy bear, ok? He’s definitely kicked my ass a few times. Some of those, I deserved, some I didn’t.” Dean bobs his head from side to side as if trying to mentally tally up their little battles. “Of course I’ve kicked his ass a couple times too,” Dean huffs. “He didn’t deserve those,” he adds, regretfully.
Dean looked to his side and could see Cas swallowing hard before answering her, his voice low and rough. “Yes, I’m sure I could show him a few things.”
Dean’s brushing his teeth when thoughts of last night swarm his mind. Castiel. The bar. The alley. Was it real? Had he only dreamt about the angel and his own damn greedy hands? Was he under some witch’s spell again? Dean fills his hand with water to rinse his mouth. His fingers brush over his lips. They are still sensitive and slightly chapped. The image of Castiel’s strong neck and jawline burst into his memory. Dean knows he could not have imagined that. It was real. It had happened.
“Um, me too. I have to admit I’m kind of nervous. I just hope I don’t make too big a fool of myself. You can feel free to call this whole thing off if I’m terrible. I won’t take offense, I promise.”
“There’s five months until the regional competition in Dallas. I know I’m new at this, but I’m willing to commit as much time as we need to practice. My brother is willing to cover the bookstore in the evenings so we can rehearse. If you and Pam will teach me and help me, we can at least say we tried.”
Offering an eye roll and a sympathetic smile, Charlie continued quietly. “Well, since it’s pole, that right there is pretty standard for dudes. Dean doesn’t typically wear the jeans from before, but Lisa had that whole Fifty Shades theme idea going on. Which isn’t really Dean’s style, if I’m being honest,” she added.
“Oh! Alright Cassie!" Gabriel whooped. Then, he paused and tilted his head to the side in confusion. "So then what’s wrong if it was so life altering?”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean admits quietly. Castiel says nothing, but the verbal confession forces him to blink and inhale sharply. Clearly Cas wasn’t expecting to have this conversation either. “I know I said you were like a brother to us, but that’s not true. At least for me. This is different. I’m in love with you, Cas. I think I have been for a while now.” Dean pauses, trying to read Cas’ reaction. “Is that okay?” Still, silence. Castiel’s pupils have dilated, and his lips are slightly parted. Mimicking Dean’s earlier response, Castiel swallows and simply answers, “Yes.”
“Okay, okay. Say we do this. We’d have to get you strong enough for the pole, teach you choreography, it’s gonna be a hell of a sprint, man,” Dean said shaking his head.
A few notes about the story. If you are at all familiar with pole, and the competitive aspect of it, you know how much of a stretch this all is. I took quite a few liberties with it. Especially with the prize money given to the national winner. In reality it is no where near enough to help Dean buy out Bobby's business. That's why fiction is so fun.
Dean didn’t turn around. Nodding, he muttered, “Yeah. Okay. That’s um...good. We can both agree it didn’t mean anything.” He slid the key card in his back pocket and turned around, still not looking Cas in the eye.
Dean pursed his lips and focused on a scratch in the tabletop. There were only a handful of people who knew what his plans were. He didn’t want to add Cas to that list just to be met with pity because, once again, something had come along to fuck up his dreams.
Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d gotten more than four hours of good sleep.  Sleep that wasn’t the result of being pass-out drunk that left a massive hangover the next day. He squints his eyes, still blurry from sleep as he surveys the little motel room. Sam is sitting at the small dining table, fully dressed, typing something into his laptop. “Hey, Sammy. What time is it?” Dean mumbles. Sam raises his eyebrows and looks up from his work with a warm smile. “Ah, good morning, Sleeping Beauty. It is just past 9am,” he answers, watching Dean slowly sit up from his tangled sheets. “What?! Damn, why didn’t you wake me? Don’t we need to get on the road or something?” Sam laughs and closes his computer. “Eh, no need. I still need to figire out what the deal is with this possible case in Iowa. I don’t want us to make the trip if it’s really just kids playing pranks. So, we should probably just hang out here for another day, if that’s cool. And you were out, man. I figured I’d let you sleep.” Dean stands and reaches his arms up over his head, stretching out the kinks in his muscles. “Thanks, little brother. I guess I needed the rest after last night,” Dean says, smiling to himself as he makes his way toward the bathroom. Sam huffs, “Yeah, I guess that vamp nest really wore you out last night, huh?” Dean freezes mid stride. “Wha-yep. The vamp nest. That’ll do it. Damn vampires,” Dean says, hoping to sound believable. “I’m gonna get washed up. Then how about we go find some breakfast, huh?” “Sounds good, Dean,” Sam replies as the bathroom door shuts.
“Fffuck,” Dean rasped. He felt a burning in his chest and audibly dragged air into his lungs. How long had he been holding his breath?
From there, they moved on to showing Cas how to grip the pole, and how to use the pole for conditioning exercises. Dean would demonstrate first and Cas would copy him. It only took him a few tries to be able to pull his feet up into a crunch, holding onto the pole for support. Each time he got something right, he looked over at Dean and smiled.
Twenty minutes later, he was changed and sitting on the polished wood floor. Dean sat a few feet away. They’d politely greeted each other, but there was a tension in the air. Right now, it seemed to come from Pam who stood over them with a raised brow and a stack of papers in her hand.
“Oh, this is my brother, Castiel. I hope it's okay that I brought someone else,” Anna said worriedly.
“No. It was my idea,” Castiel replied defensively, but then he paused, tilting his head to the side in confusion. “I think? On second thought, she might have tricked me into considering it.”
He walked quickly over to the corner housing the sound system and cut off the music just as the next song was beginning. “Is everything okay with Anna’s car? I saw her this afternoon when she came to pick it up. I thought maybe you’d be dropping her off to get it, but I guess n- um..,” Dean paused in his rambling. “What can I do for ya?” He asked.
“I was saying that the girl I was just talking to is Jess. She is here with her husband Sam to watch her brother in law perform tonight. All three of them are friends with Pam, the studio owner, and Jess thinks Pam would be cool with us staying for a while after the show so I can ask her a few questions. Would you be okay waiting for a bit so I could talk to her? I promise it won’t take very long.” Anna looked at him with puppy dog eyes. Like he wasn’t going to say yes anyway.
“Hmm? What? Sorry, were you saying something?” Castiel looked to his left where Anna sat looking at him with wide, concerned eyes.
After Pam shut the door behind her, Dean and Castiel looked at each other. This was the first time they were truly alone together.
“You are too tempting, Siren,” he said with a grin. “I don’t think we should let this happen again though. Not like this,” he added after a pause. Cas peeled himself off Dean’s body, but stayed kneeling next to him. “It’s been a really good day, but I just don’t want a repeat of what happened last time. Tomorrow is too important, Dean. It’s everything we’ve been working toward. I mean, we’re so close to the finish line. I don’t want to lose focus now.”
Cas puts two fingers to Dean’s forehead and a second later, they are standing in the bathroom, dry and dressed. Cas opens the door and silently steps past Sam who is standing frozen on the spot with his mouth open. Dean follows the angel out with a cocky smile, stopping to slap Sam on the shoulder, before heading out to the car. “Where is this diner, Sammy? It better be awesome, because I am starving.”
Silence settled between them. Feeling the need to steer the subject into safer territory, Dean looked over at Cas’ half eaten dessert.
“Cas always has my back. Just like Sammy does. We have all gone to the mat for each other without hesitation. But it’s the other stuff that makes him special. It’s hard to describe, really, but I feel better when he’s home with us, in the bunker. He’s just got this way of getting under your skin, and then you always want him around.” Dean pauses to take another swig of his liquor. “I have been in some really low points these last few years, and Cas pulled me up every time. The way he can just rest his hand on my shoulder and look at me with those hypnotizing blue eyes just makes me believe it’s all gonna be ok in the end.”
The truth was that they were both scared to trust anyone and give themselves over to the possibility of having something good. Maybe “complicated” was all they could manage. Castiel finally dragged himself to the bathroom and went through his morning routine on autopilot. Despite the crushing feeling in his chest, he still intended to keep his promise to Dean. Today was the day they had worked months for. He still didn’t want to let him down.
A few minutes later, they pulled up to the studio, which was part of an older brick building, nestled in between a vintage clothing store and a funky looking coffee shop called The Last Drop. Studying the windows of the coffee shop, he spotted signs boasting they were open until midnight. At least he had a place to escape to if necessary. Too bad he didn’t think to sneak his book into the pocket of his coat.
“Not possible,” he answered, shaking his head. “Come on, I was about to order up some pie from room service. And I just found a Dr. Sexy marathon on TNT. Stay for a little bit.”
Dean and Castiel were not rooming together this weekend. They had agreed it was best this way. Well, technically it was Cas’ idea and Dean didn’t have the balls to suggest otherwise. If Cas needed his own space away from Dean, then that’s how it should be. So, room keys in hand, everyone dispersed with the understanding that everyone had the night to themselves to rest up from the trip. After dropping their bags off up stairs, Dean, Castiel and Pam made their way through long corridors to the hotel ballroom. People were milling around, eager to get an early look at the vendor tables, some from official brand companies selling logo merchandise and dance supplies, while others were offering more handmade items. After registering with the competition coordinator, a
A cold wave coursed through Dean’s veins like whiplash. He pulled back just enough to look Cas in the eye. “I don’t want you to go. Stay with me. Please,” Dean whispered back.
He pivoted so he could brace his forearm against the warm tile in front of him and picked up his speed as he fucked his fist. This would be quick and perfunctory, not like home when he took his time on his days off, slowly teasing himself and coming on the one toy he owned. His mind wandered back to that night on the studio floor, when Cas looked up at him with wild desperate eyes while Dean got him off, before turning around and swallowing him down. He chased his climax, squeezing his ass around the phantom feeling of Cas filling him up. Without further warning, his orgasm ripped through him, whiting his vision as he spilled over his hand.
Somewhere in Castiel’s brain, he knew he should still be paying attention to Charlie. He felt rude for losing focus on their conversation. On the other hand, who could blame him? The small audience was cheering on and clapping for The Man With the Beautiful Smile...Dean...who walked to the center of the dance area, followed by a beautiful woman with long dark hair and olive skin. She wore a strappy red sports top, tiny black hip-huggers, and tall red platform heels. Without a doubt, she was stunning. But that wasn’t what held Castiel’s eye. Dean had removed his plain white t-shirt, leaving only well-worn jeans that were frayed at the hem and hung perfectly over his hips. His chest and back appeared well-toned but he retained a bit of softness in his belly.
“Um, not exactly. I’m Anna Novak,” she said gesturing to herself while offering her hand. “I work for the Chronicle. I think you and I talked on the phone last week about me coming in to watch the show and get some info for the piece I’m working on.”
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this song,” Dean whispered, out of breath,  as the music came to an end and the audience erupted into thundering applause and cheers.
Not breaking eye contact with Cas, Dean, smiling, replies to her, “Yeah, sounds like a good plan. Thanks for, uh, the talk.” Castiel mirrors his smile. “Maybe we should continue this outside, Dean.”
“Um, Dean. I know what you’re doing. This is the same trick that Johnny used in Dirty Dancing when he was teaching Baby how to dance.”
Anna worked as a journalist for The Chronicle, a weekly print magazine that covered events, politics, and trends around Austin. Castiel was proud of his sister, even if he wasn’t proud of her ability to talk him into things he didn’t want to do.
“Yeah, follow me sugar,” Pam said, turning to walk back into the studio space. Castiel gripped his bag and followed dutifully.
“So, what exactly happened this weekend for McDreamy to come in here looking like a kicked puppy? Does it have anything to do with you moping around here all morning despite the fact you actually won the thing?”
The bar tender nods warmly, but doesn’t say a word. She doesn’t need to. Dean is already anticipating the two words he has come to love.
“No. And he doesn’t need to. Nothing good could come from that. He’s too good for someone like me, and I’d much rather keep him around as a friend than scare him off with something that big. Better this way.”
“You’re welcome. Anytime. And Dean? I hope you get everything you want. You sure as hell deserve it.”
There was no one currently at the front register, but Dean’s eyes caught movement in the back when a man slid a tray of pastries onto the shelf inside a case. Making his way to the back toward the makeshift cafe, he cleared his throat, causing the shorter, sandy blonde man to jump in surprise.
With a guttural scream, Castiel’s hips jackknifed off the mattress, nearly throwing Dean off him as his climax punched through his body. Feeling Cas coming inside him, Dean leaned back with his eyes shut tight, riding Cas as hard as he could while fucking his fist until he finally exploded, spilling over his hand onto Castiel’s chest.
“Um…,’ Castiel paused, thinking of an appropriate answer. “It’s kind of awesome, honestly” he said with a grin, still staring ahead at the rows of shiny poles.
When Dean reached the swell of his ass, he peeled the delicate lace down and backed away momentarily to tug them off. Then he reached back up and used his hands to completely expose his hole. He hovered over it, lightly blowing cool air over the sensitive skin.
Castiel sat on the couch as instructed, warm and cozy in his flannel pajama pants and his favorite koala T-shirt, now soft and worn in from so much use. Their first Christmas as newlyweds was almost over. The three months since their wedding had been the happiest of his life. He smiled to himself remembering their morning and the way Dean’s face lit up in excitement when Castiel presented him their very own pole. Dean wasted no time, tearing the box open and pulling out all the pieces, before running off to the garage for the tools he needed to install it in the corner of their living room. It had been as much a gift for Castiel as it was for Dean, made even better when he got to watch Dean put it together all afternoon in nothing but faded jeans and a god damned tool belt. It was getting late and he thought they’d be heading to bed soon, but Dean was excitedly adamant that Castiel sit and wait for his last gift of the day. So he leaned back against their plush couch, enjoying the soft glow coming off the lights of the Christmas tree.
They appeared to be playing a game of chicken, neither refusing to look away, both daring each other to back down. Either Cas would give up on trying to get Dean’s life story or Dean would start talking.
They sat watching the waves, snickering when Bobby started snoring where he and Ellen were sprawled out in lounge chairs a few feet away. When Dean looked back out to find Cas, his mouth dropped at the sight of him, now encased by the glow of the fading sun behind him. He was alone, the girls having made their way back up to dry land. Cas stood waist deep, waves splashing over him, making his sun-kissed skin shine. He dropped his head back, highlighting the muscles in his neck and chest, and brought his hands up to run his fingers through his messy hair. When he brought his head back up, he opened his eyes, and immediately found Dean, giving him a smile that left Dean breathless.
Despite their day jobs and heavy rehearsing schedule, everything was put on pause two weeks before the national competition. This particular weekend was dedicated to Charlie and Dorothy. The couple had planned their wedding just right so that they could spend their honeymoon in San Diego during Comic Con weekend. After the convention they were renting a car and driving up the coast for a few days, before returning to meet up with everyone at the competition.
They shared a look for a moment before Dean looked down and focused on his coffee cup while he continued talking.
Dean switched the toy off again and carefully started working it into Cas’s hole, pulling it back out every few minutes to play with the rim with the tip of his thumb, gently stretching it. All the while, Cas seemed to fall into a zen-like state. His cheek against the pillow, arms restrained over his head, legs tucked up under him, and ass in the air, Castiel kept his eyes shut as he took deep even breaths. Dean would’ve worried he wasn’t affected if it weren’t for Cas’s cock, hard and leaking where the tip rubbed against the sheet.
“Cheesy is okay Dean. People like cheese. As long as it’s memorable cheese that stands out from the rest. Just trust me on this one.”
Charlie sighed and answered, “Because they’re both stubborn and afraid of what could go wrong that they don’t see what’s right in front of their faces.”
Turning his attention to her, Cas smiled, genuinely happy to see her. “Hey Charlie, how have you been?”
When Dean pulled up in Castiel’s driveway early Saturday morning, he’d expected to be sitting in the back with Jess. But to his surprise, the only open spot was up front by Dean.
“Yeah, I really wanted to be the flower girl, but I got shot down when I brought it up,” Dean joked. Castiel broke out into a fit of giggles. His smile was so big it accentuated the little lines around his eyes, while he tried to control the rest of his body as it bounced with each laugh.
Charlie and Dorothy’s wedding was being held at a venue called Camp Lucy. It was a sprawling property nestled in the Texas Hill Country just west of Austin. The ceremony and dinner reception were being held outdoors under a canopy of oak trees that sparkled with a thousand lights. The aisle was lined with two foot tall weathered stone pillars. At the entrance, there was an easel holding a white linen scroll bordered by silver lightsabers. In bold letters the scroll read “We are all equal. Sit or sit not, there are no sides in this family.” Cas followed Sam and Jess down to the second row and took their seats, giggling when he saw the first chair was reserved for D.W., Leader of the Rebel Alliance. Of course Charlie would have a Star Wars wedding.
Dean knew Cas was still joking at his expense, but that didn’t stop the traitorous blush he could feel spreading over his cheeks. He ducked his head, rubbing the back of his neck.
“You have no idea how hot you are right now. So many things I want to do to you, Cas. All at once.” Dean paused to take another sip and bring more ice into his mouth.  He set the glass down and gripped the hem of his t-shirt to bring it up over his head in a single motion. “I want to take you apart.” He unbuttoned his jeans and slowly brought the zipper down. “Let's see if I can make you squirm. Beg.” Cas actually whimpered, pulled at his restraints and dug his feet into the mattress, his hips rocking gently against the sheets. Dean stepped out of his jeans, leaving him in only his black boxer briefs. “I want to make you melt.”
“That feels what, angel? I need you to answer me,” Dean whispered as he leaned forward to place a kiss on the middle of Cas’s lower back, where it began to curve at the top of his ass.
“Um, I know about these things because I talk to him. I ask him things about his life. And he tells me. Sorry Dean. You’re not my only BFF anymore. You two are gonna have to share me,” she said, shrugging. “Anyway, the gist of it is that he and his ex were engaged. They were supposed to open the bookstore together, but then Cas found out the guy cheated. The douchebag told him he had made a mistake asking Cas to marry him. Cas was left trying to open the store by himself. That’s why his brother stepped in to help run the place.”
Dean chewed on his bottom lip and glanced up slightly at Castiel. Castiel nodded and opened his mouth to answer him just as a stage assistant in a headset approached them.
“I mean, sure. I wouldn’t kick him out of bed.” Still chewing, he added, “not really my type though.”
“Cas,” Dean acknowledged, his eyes wide in surprise as he caught his breath. “What’re you doin’ here?”
“And Dean here is going to be my Man of Honor and give me away,” Charlie said, proudly, grinning towards him.
“Dean! Dean, wait,” Cas begged, out of breath, twisting his head away from Dean. “Do I still need to tell you when I’m about to come? Because I am. If you keep moving like that, I’m not going to be able to hold on for much longer,” he explained.
Cas reached up to wipe his hand over his mouth, but missed his target, and managed to smear it over his bottom lip. “Did I get it?”
“But, then, of course, life got in the way, as it usually does. Things went well for a while, long enough to lure us into a false sense of security,” Dean said bitterly. “That’s when the accident happened,” Dean said, his eyes darting around as if he could see the scene replay itself there on the table surface. “I ended up in a coma for a few weeks. They knew I’d injured my spine, but couldn’t be sure how badly until I actually woke up. Luckily, nothing was permanent, but I still needed months of rehab. Like I said, that’s when Charlie suggested I start coming here. But everything else kinda got put on pause. Pretty much all my savings went to medical bills. Sammy had a job by then at a law firm, and he helped pay the bills. Bobby helped as much as he could. He’s been there for us for a long time. Anyway, now that I’m back up and running, I want to give back as much as he’s given me. He’s been running that garage for decades. Don’t even know the last time that old man took a vacation. If Lisa and I won, I was gonna use my half, plus what I’ve been saving up for the last six years, to buy the shop from him so that he can finally retire. I’d move up as owner and make sure that place keeps running the way it always has. But, I guess another year won't hurt anyone right?”
The pang in his chest he felt at wanting someone to share the world with was coupled with the distraction of Cas’s reaction to his bacon cheeseburger. “These make me very happy,” he’d mumbled after his first bite. No one should look that adorable while eating a cheeseburger. Of course the frankly pornographic noises he made while he enjoyed his meal went straight to Dean’s dick. He had heard those same noises months ago when Cas’ mouth was on him. Apparently Cas always made the same rumbling moan when he was really passionate about something.
Cas slowly slides down Dean’s slick body to his knees. All Dean can do is stare as Cas takes a hold of his cock and licks from the base to the head. Cas’ tongue gives special attention to the sensitive tip before taking Dean’s full length in his mouth in one swift movement, hitting the back of his throat. “Ffffuck!” Dean gasps. “You don’t have a gag reflex do you?” Dean grasps the top of Cas’ head with both hands to keep him in place as Dean gives a few experimental thrusts, fucking himself deeper down Cas’ throat. Cas swallows around Dean and bobs his head before pulling off and asks, “Can I try something else, Dean?” Working to control his breathing, Dean pants, “Fuck, I’m yours Cas.” Cas reaches a hand up to Dean’s mouth, two fingers extended. “Suck,” he commands as he turns his attention back to Dean’s cock, mouth closing around the tip. Dean only hesitates long enough to comprehend what Cas is asking. He opens his mouth for Cas’ fingers and sucks, mirroring Cas’ rhythm on his dick. Cas pulls his fingers away from Dean and nudges at his thigh, causing Dean to space his legs further apart. Cas reaches between Dean’s thighs to tease the rim of Dean’s ass. In one unified movement, he pushes one finger past the rim and takes Dean’s full cock into his mouth again. The feeling of Cas’ mouth around him and Cas’ finger inside him are almost too much and Dean has to concentrate on staying upright. “More, Cas. Please, more,” Dean begs. Without pausing, Cas adds the second finger and continues to work Dean open. Cas sets a rhythmic pace, his mouth bobbing up and down on Dean’s cock, his fingers pushing farther inside Dean to brush past his prostate. “Oh fuck, Cas, do that again!” Cas hums and curls his fingers slightly to hit the same sensitive spot. “Oh fuck, baby, I’m gonna come,” he mumbles. Cas hums again and swallows him down further hitting the back of his throat. Dean explodes, coming hard down Cas’ throat. For an angel who doesn’t need to eat, Cas continues to swallow, milking Dean with everything he has, like a man starved. Cas fianlly lets go, his mouth making a wet popping sound Dean has only ever heard in porn. When the room stops spinning, Dean makes a mental note to ask Cas exactly which website he spent all night “researching”.
“Before we get into this weekend, back up a minute. What do you mean you agreed on this the last time? I thought this was the first time? What am I missing? How is it that neither of you mentioned a last time?” Charlie’s voice gradually increased in pitch until she had to stop and take a breath.
All too soon, Dean looked away and walked off toward the wall of dancers. Castiel turned to his sister, all but forgotten until now.
“Dean, what if I took Lisa’s place as your doubles routine partner?” Castiel blurted out, his eyes full of something in between hope and fear.
“It’s no wonder you’re sore, buddy,” he said with a false casualness. “You’re covered in knots back here. Can you sit?”
Castiel landed on his back next to Dean and let his breathing settle down. Next to him, Dean, still down towards the edge of the mattress, turned his head so that his face brushed against Cas’ rib cage, inhaling deeply and leaving quick kisses over Cas’ skin
“Dean, I know you’ve had a lot of bad shit in your life. And you blame yourself for it, even though it all happened to you and not because of you. And if you want this whole thing with Cas to just be a one time drunken roll in the hay, then that’s fine, and I won’t push my opinions anymore about it.”
Cas kisses like he argues; slow and then heated, incredibly deft at pushing all of Dean’s buttons, determined to make a point and smugly self-satisfied when he thinks he’s won. Dean can’t bring himself to mind, not when he’s having the best kiss of his life.
The oil slicks are forming eddies around their feet, beginning to rise small heights and collapse again, like being in a lava lamp. They’re running out of time.
“Well, at least I’d tell you,” Dean snaps, and oh, this is anger now, hot and fast and clean. “If I made a deal I’d tell you, Cas, not spring it on you at the last possible fucking second-“
is the wrong thing to say, because the easiest place to open the rift to the Empty had been the room where it had opened once before, where Cas had
He catches himself, and locks his right hand around his left wrist, keeping the impossibility of Castiel drawn close within the circle of his arms. “I’m not letting go,” he says fiercely. He doesn’t know if Cas can hear him—and he’s not really sure if he’s talking to Cas, or the Shadow still screaming at his back. “Not this time. I won’t let go again.”
“So hold me fast and fear me not,” Dean says, and he means it to be a quip, means to lighten the mood, but it comes out soft and solemn and much too honest, and he can feel himself instantly flush. “I mean- that’s not-“
without his okay, if he didn’t know what he was getting himself into, Dean doesn’t know how he’s going to live with himself, what he’s going to do—
He can feel the thorns push all the way through his palms, and he grits his teeth against crying out or vomiting, the sensation bringing a sudden surge of nausea. The vines are rooted into the ground—or what passes for ground—pretty firmly, but he can feel a bit of give, so he
“If that is so,” Cas says, “It won’t be easy. My grace—all grace—is not made to be bound. It will not want to conform to a single shape.”
“God is dead, Jack is God, Sam and Eileen and Claire and everybody else are fine, we can talk about it
“Nothing,” Dean says, and at the look Cas gives him, he feels a scowl crawl across his face. “Really Cas, nothing. I told you, Jack made me a way in. You’re the only one who had to give something up.” He can’t hold Cas’ gaze anymore, and finds his eyes drawn down to his tie. It’s crooked, and without direct input from his brain, his hands finally unclench from Cas’ back (have they been there this whole time?) and move to straighten it. Then the sheer ridiculousness of this moment, of kneeling on the floor clinging to Cas like some kind of weeping widow, of trying to
That shouldn’t be what does it, really. He’s given Cas approximately negative 20 reasons to trust him in the last few months. But something pinches behind Cas’ eyes, and he lowers them for a moment, considering; when he looks up, they are shadowed but determined. “Alright,” he says. “Let’s go.”
Eventually, Cas says, “I didn’t know. But I do now. Thank you. For this, and—you came for me, and you held on, and you brought me back. Thank you.”
“Dean, you don’t have to do this,” Cas says quietly, his expression small and miserable. Dean feels sick to his stomach, because he can see that Cas knows that what Dean’s saying isn’t just in response to the here and now. It’s also in response to the last words Cas said in this room, the ones Dean was too frozen up and terrified of to reply to, and from the look on his face Dean knows that Cas thinks he doesn’t—and what kind of miserable excuse of a human being is he if Cas doesn’t know that he—if Cas really never saw that he—
Castiel cocks his head and looks at him, birdlike, for a few frozen beats. Dean does his best to look forthright, which usually makes him look constipated. From the wry turn of Cas’ lips, this time’s no exception. He feels his face fall. “Please,” he says quietly. “I need you to trust me.
As promised, smut. My first attempt at smut. I hope you guys like it, cause I've got a few ideas for more. Thanks for the positive feedback so far!
“Oh yeah, the more the merrier! Helps the students gain confidence. We’ve got dancers from all different skill levels doing something tonight,” Charlie said enthusiastically. “Go on back, grab a glass of wine, and find a spot on the floor along the brick wall with the rest of the guests. The show should be starting in about ten minutes.”
“Shh,” Dean answered softly, holding Cas in place and circling the tip of the toy over Cas’s hole. “How does that feel?”
“Sounds good, Dean,” Charlie said on her way to the backroom, likely to reheat her coffee in the microwave. Before she disappeared through the curtain, she stopped and looked at Dean straight in the eye , “Tell Castiel I said hi,” she said and hid her smile behind her cup as Dean flailed in surprise.
“Well, since you asked so nicely.”  Dean worked the toy in and out several times and finally pushed it further inside Cas until the base sat firmly against his rim. He knew at this point the tip of the toy should be well positioned right up against Cas’s prostate. Cas’s breathing became heavier as he got used to the intrusion. Dean watched, enraptured, as Cas pulled against his restraints and gently rolled his hips to grind against the toy inside him. Slyly he reached for the remote control attached to the toy, and without warning, hit the button for the lowest vibration setting.
“You know,” she said, “you really should try it too. Pole, I mean. Might be kinda cool to have two guys at the studio for a change. You should think about it.”
Cas turned to face Dean and continued to peel his dress pants down over his hips, past his muscular thighs and finally stepped out of them. He stood still before tilting his head and asked with a shy smile, “Do you like them Dean?”
“Dean, I’m sorry to inform you that Castiel here is going to be my other BFF from now on. He owns the bookstore over on Lamar and has promised me a BFF discount,” she said with pride.
Though happy, Castiel felt the exhaustion of the weekend settle in. So much had happened in only two days and Castiel found himself ready to be home and in his own space. While winning had put them in better moods, there was still a weird tension between Dean and him. Castiel didn’t think he could sit in a car with him for three hours.
Not wanting to be caught staring, Castiel reacted quickly, looking down at the empty wine glass in his hands. He took a deep breath and settled himself. Chancing another glance, he was relieved the man had returned his attention to his phone, but Castiel noticed, there was now a hint of a smile on his unfairly attractive face. Resolving himself to quit gawking like a creep, Castiel set his glass on the floor, and nearly knocked it over, startled by the presence of the front desk redhead quietly sitting next to him, scrolling through her phone.
“Sorry I’m not dressed yet, but I knew I wouldn’t have time to go home and change, so I just brought clothes with me. I hope running shorts are okay for now.”
The grace of his movements as he flowed through his routine was only coupled by the sheer power of his body, as every muscle flexed when he gripped the pole to keep him in the air.
“Awesome, I’ll definitely take you up on that offer,” Dean smiles at her and takes the last pull off his beer bottle.  For the first time today, he lets his body relax a bit, still tense from the hunt.  “Whiskey, neat. And yeah, angels are real too.” “Very real,” Dean adds as he rolls his eyes subtly, almost undetectable if you weren’t paying attention.
“Ahem,” Charlie rumbled obnoxiously, clearing her throat from where she stood, her eyes bouncing from Dean to Cas.
And so Castiel took Dean’s hand in his own. He stepped forward and curled his other arm around Dean’s shoulder as their bodies met. Dean splayed his free hand over Castiel’s back and held him close. While the music played neither of them spoke a word, but it sure felt like poetry as they moved together. Castiel kept his head down and inhaled deeply as his nose brushed over Dean’s neck while fighting the urge to leave kisses along his warm skin.
His attention was pulled back to his surroundings when music began to fill the air. A soft but familiar melody, strummed on an acoustic guitar, made him smile. The Star Wars theme song, of course. Dorothy took her place at the front of the aisle, accompanied by the officiant. The officiant made a motion with his hand for everyone to rise. When Cas stood and turned, he couldn’t help the tears that filled his eyes. Charlie was radiant. Her Grecian style gown fit her petite frame perfectly and her hair was swept into a loose and wild braid. She looked directly ahead, her bright eyes fixed on her fiancee. Dean walked proudly next to her. His suit was casual but polished. He didn’t wear a jacket, better to show off the heather grey vest, and crisp white shirt tucked into dress pants. His sleeves were carefully rolled up leaving his arms bare. His hair was neatly styled and there was just a hint of stubble along his jawline. If he looked up the word handsome in a dictionary, Castiel wouldn’t be surprised to find a picture of Dean next to the definition.
Cas dropped to the floor with a thump and hung his head down. Dean followed him, splaying his legs on either side of Cas’ body to get closer to his back. He used both hands to knead at the tight muscle where Cas had indicated, before moving on to work at his shoulders and the knots under his shoulder blades. “Man, we’ve gotta make sure you stretch more. This isn’t good for you.”
He sat up and lifted himself until the head of Cas’s cock caught against his rim and immediately dropped down again, impaling himself and forcing a growl out of his angel. And then, they were off. Dean increased his speed, riding Cas fast and hard. He looked down through his lashes, admiring the thin sheen of sweat over Cas’s body. Feeling his orgasm creeping up on him, he gripped his cock in his hand, fucking up into his fist while squeezing Cas’s cock inside him.
Castiel seemed to be talking to a scratch on the floor rather than to Dean, like he was also trying to convince himself it was no big deal.
Lisa huffed a laugh. “Why would I? I mean, I’ll step back in if I need to of course. But it’s pretty clear that Dean already has the partner that he wants. At least something good came out of my accident. You know he and I had coffee at The Last Drop a few weeks ago? Right after y'all came back from Dallas.”
As the song rambled on, imploring over and over again what could be done to earn the love of another, Dean and Castiel grew more unaware of their audience which had migrated off the dance floor. Sam and Jess sat at a round table with Charlie and her new wife, Dorothy, all resting their feet and watched the scene in front of them.
