Panic and Pudding had actual names, but Dean didn’t bother to learn them. The bookies were still holding out even odds that he’d have to kill these two morons, being spellcasters working for Crowley and all.
Charlie is staring at his midsection, currently covered with a Zep t-shirt Dean pulled on at random. It’s the classic Hindenburg-going-down-in-flames one. Of course it is.
Dean’s fingers convulsed on the hilt. “He’s helping me find my brother, Balthazar, I’m not about to harm him.”
He yelled for his brother upstairs and downstairs, briefly rifled through the papers on Sam’s desk looking for clues, glanced into the bedroom just in case-
Dean sighed as he leaned back. ‘Was it…was it on purpose?’ he asked. ‘I mean…you didn’t sabotage my research, did you?’
Of course, the setting here is much different, greener—he thinks of Dean’s eyes—and more lively, as he knows that there are likely animals roaming amongst the trees, rather than just creatures thirsty for blood or just eager to kill.  There are monsters here too, of course.  There are monsters everywhere.
As they passed house after house, they were quiet.  Dean kept wondering which one was his.  Why it was his.  Did Castiel have one?  With Jack, maybe?
As for the presents, they were all more than satisfied.  Cas bought Dean a cookbook that had nothing but recipes for different kinds of pie.  They looked forward to using it together. The angel got Sam a fairly thick stack of books on old lore.  Sam got Cas a shirt that read, "I'm with Stupid," earning an eye roll from Dean. Dean's annoyance faded when Sam handed him some band shirts.  Dean got Sam a giant blanket because he knew that his tallness made it hard for him to be completely covered, as well as some workout clothes.  Dean got his boyfriend a leather bracelet with "Castiel" on the outside and "Dean's Angel" on the inside. With a heart, of course.
Dean blinked a few times, and then bowed his head a little.  It was understandable, he thought.  Now, he wasn’t sure exactly what kind of trust Cas was talking about.  If Cas couldn’t trust Dean to be there for him.  To talk to him.  To be a decent person.  Or if maybe Cas thought that Dean’s loyalty to him had wavered.  That hurt.
Dean never actually told anyone about what had happened with him and Cas.  So he was thrown off, but not surprised, when Sam called him up, talking about how excited he was to see them, the happy couple, as he’d put it, at Eileen’s upcoming birthday party.  He could have corrected his brother, but he didn’t, because he was desperate for it to be true, for him and Cas to be that happy couple that they once had been.
Castiel went to his family, to his old room.  Everything was the same as it had been on his last day there, the day he’d moved in with Dean.  So happy, that day had been.
The biggest difference between this situation, and Purgatory, is that he is in his world, not in danger of being left behind anywhere.  There is no rush to get back to a portal.
In the morning, before anyone had been allowed inside, Castiel was in his room, eating cherries.  And he was not alone.  No, he had many companions.  He had rabbits and squirrels by his side, he had lingering birds perched on his window, which was almost always open.  Even a few deer, he had as company.  All of these creatures, and others, often visited him.  His father did not mind having a door constantly open for the animals, and ensured that the guards would allow them passage, while also preventing anyone from taking advantage of the entrance.  Everything was right, when Castiel was with his feathered and furry friends.
Castiel is sitting at a table, a few other djinn lingering close by.  A small squeeze to his bicep causes him to jump a little and glance next to him quickly.
Castiel’s eyes were slightly glassy.  Just slightly.  Enough for one to know that he really was saying goodbye.  Again.  Possibly trying to conceal the pain from Dean, the angel began to walk away.
At some point further along, in their groping each other, and moaning against the other’s skin, they fell off the bed, Dean getting the worst of the impact.  Castiel started laughing, though he was in pain as well.  Dean just rolled his eyes as he stood up, rubbing his head.
This was certainly one of the better responses that Dean had gotten from Castiel lately, so he just teared up a little bit before moving forward and hugging him.  And as he held Castiel for the first time in too long, he confirmed that he was not trying to threaten him and would never want him to feel alone or scared again.  Castiel held him, too.
Castiel chuckled lightly and went back to kissing his...fiance?  The way their mouths fit together reminded him of how they danced together, like they were simply meant to be close like this.
Dean’s brain stopped working.  Any answer to that question seemed out of reach.  He was reaching for it, though.  As his month moved, failing to form words.
Dean cleared his throat.  “And uh, how’re you feeling?  Do they still hurt?  Looks like you mostly healed up, because of, you know, but...you okay?”
He already knew what it felt like losing Cas when he hadn’t said it, though.  And it sucked.  Dean had been just about ready to give up on just about everything.  One of the many emotions that came up during that dark period, mixed in somewhere with the grief, was regret.  Not that he wanted there to be a next time for that, but if there was, he didn’t want to think about what he hadn’t done.  It would hurt like a bitch, no matter what he did.  But maybe, just maybe, it would be better if, instead, he would be able to look back on what he
that Castiel, this celestial being that was still somehow more human than most actual humans, loved him and wanted to be with him.  And that they were both equally impossibly happy together.
"Castiel!  I've already checked with your king about everything. He said that you may pick whatever cake you'd like."
After turning a corner, he was met by the sight of his brothers, and was immediately taking a step back.  Unfortunately, he had already been seen.
being wet and cold...he kind of did.  Cas loved the cold.  As long as he was dressed.  And as long as it meant Dean would hold him.  Or that’s how it used to be, anyways.  Dean wasn’t exactly sure where Cas stood now.
Castiel feels at a loss for another reason.  It is not a suspicion, but it is resignation that he feels, as he is certain that Dean sent him on this errand just to get rid of him.  He doesn’t blame him, but he does feel guilty that he has been making him uncomfortable.  This was never his goal.  What was his goal, really?  To get to stay by Dean’s side until his final death, even if just as his best friend?  Maybe Dean would want to settle down.  Obviously, with someone else.  Castiel isn’t sure how he could possibly fit into that.  He still feels like he hardly fits into the Winchesters’ lives as it is.  Castiel wonders if he has been foolish.
“Cas, of course you can stay.  This is your home.”  Dean really wouldn’t have minded Cas just keeping his wings out permanently.  Not if it meant he would never leave again.  He didn’t want Cas to feel like a prisoner, of course.  Dean just wanted him safe, and there.  To always know where he was.
Castiel had nothing to worry about, though.  Nothing was going to be scaring Dean away.  The only thing Dean was scared of now was the thought of Cas leaving him, of not knowing how needed, how wanted he was.  After getting used to the feeling of the angel’s mouth, Dean brought his other hand up so that Castiel’s face was being held on both sides.  Dean’s kisses were becoming more insistent, and he was moving closer, nearly pressing Castiel against the white fence.  A quiet gasp from Castiel, and it wasn’t just lips on lips anymore.  On every level, Dean was all in now.  This former soldier of Heaven was his, and he was finally touching him like he’d only dreamt about, hands moving from his face, slipping under that coat, that jacket.  There were no complaints about this.
Eventually they’re holding hands again and making their way to Dean’s room, and then they’re embracing again, but this time, they kiss, and then they’re on the bed, and they realize at the same time that they left the groceries at the Djinn hideout.  They don’t really care.  Holding hands is what they’re doing the next time they go to the store, Dean insists that it should be this way every time from then on, even though he had always been eager to pass on the chore to Sam.  Dean likes for everyone to see him holding Castiel’s hand.
"I'm sure you'll find some way to make it up to me," he said, rubbing his hand over Dean's in a way that really shouldn't have been so stimulating.
“I understand if you want me to move on from you, but this isn’t helping,” Castiel whispers.  “I appreciate that you want me to be happy with someone.  I am sorry.  I am not going to love anyone that isn’t you.”
Castiel was as quick as he could be in getting his pants off, revealing that his underwear was adorned with cartoon bees.  He soon felt a hand on his rear, gently kneading his flesh through the cotton.  Turning back and looking up, he could see clearly that Dean’s eyes were trained on the bees.  Or his ass, depending on how one wished to look at it.
The pair ended up outside of a nice house, not that the whole neighborhood, or whatever it could be called, wasn’t just nice house, nice house, nice house.  The paint was clean and cream.  A pretty big yard, peppered with little yellow flowers.  White fence.
Any questions about that were answered when they were halfway between the car and the door of the Novaks’ house, when Castiel suddenly stopped and hugged Dean tightly.  While they were getting attacked by the rain.  Dean swallowed, much more affected by Cas than by how wet they were getting, and he put his arms around him too, just as tightly.  Maybe a little bit more.  And when Castiel peeked up at him, it took a lot of Dean’s willpower to not put his hands in his wild, wet hair and kiss him.
That night, Dean held Cas extra tight.  He never wanted to lose him again.  With time he hoped that he would lose his fear about losing him, or hurting him, and he hoped the voices in his head would quiet down.  The voice of his father.  The voices were wrong, he knew that.  What was right was being in bed with Castiel’s head tucked under his chin, their legs mingling.
The older son, Dean, was a different story.  He was the only one that gave Castiel orders.  Castiel had to clean all of the other prince's messes, prepare his food, bring him anything that he requested, including towels, clothing, and weapons.  He was basically a personal servant for Dean.  Of course, Castiel had his own servants at his disposal at some point, he had not called on them nearly as much as Dean called him.
The ring of his dead lover was displayed on a pillow in the center of the castle, an ideal spot for all to gaze upon its stylish silver.  The new law held that whoever the ring fit perfectly would become married to the King.  Many journeyed to the castle for the chance to try on the ring.  And they were not just women, for Chuck had always been open about his sexuality with his people.
During this happy state, Dean continued to get Castiel flowers, and maybe he seemed especially affectionate, even more flirtatious than usual, so full of joy because of how it was real, them spending their whole future together, the idea of that, it was solid and right there.
There was a small relieved smile on Dean’s face when he got the message from Castiel that he was home.  It was small, but it was something.
Resolution number three had been complete since the moment he wrote it down.  There was no way he would risk losing this. He would cherish Cas. There was no room for being a dick anymore.
Speaking of Sam, he was watching the two dance from a table with a knowing smile on his face.  He was glad to see his brother so happy.  He could see that Dean wasn't a prince at the moment, he was just Dean.
“Um.  To my knowledge, no such being has been born as of yet.  I imagine it would be...powerful.”  Which, he realizes, must be exactly what Melinda is looking for.  “But, but I highly doubt any will ever exist, as there are so few angels left in existence, and most are not interested in that type of, of activity,” he adds quickly, scooting away somewhat.  Of course, he is an angel, possibly the only angel left, that
Castiel knew that Dean, deep down, was a good person.  He knew the prince had a lot of pressure on his shoulders as the heir to the throne.  And he didn't get to have a very close relationship with his parents, as far as he could see.  In fact, as far as he knew, the only person Dean really spoke to was Samuel.  Castiel admired the adoration that Dean showed towards his brother.  It warmed his heart.  He was never able to have that with Lucifer or Michael.
Castiel mumbled something else with his eyes closed.  Dean thought he looked like a sleepy kitten.  A few moments later though, Castiel smiled and peeked up at the man he was ready to spend the rest of his life with.  Eventually they were in bed, tangled together, and gossiping about Castiel’s family.
One night Dean got back from work, he looked around his house, checked the time, and was right out the door again, heading straight to Castiel’s work, which was a nice library.  He was pretty positive that no one else would be there at this time.
Dean noticed now that Sam was wearing a wedding ring, and Eileen was as well.  Of course, he knew that they’d gotten married at some point.  But seeing those rings, actually seeing them together and happy, that was different.  He longed to have that.  And with the expression on Castiel’s face, he was pretty sure he did too.  There was no hope in Castiel’s eyes, though.
Castiel just smiled and extended his hand.  Dean took it and they danced together again.  After only a few notes, the prince continued talking.
Taken aback by the words, Castiel hesitated.  He cupped Dean's face gently and said, "I promise that you will see me tomorrow."  It wasn't a lie.  They would probably see each other every day for the rest of their lives, he thought.  Just not like this.  But the words made Dean smile, and he allowed him to leave.  But Castiel left behind a golden shoe in his haste to get away.
Dean started drinking, a lot, about two months after the engagement.  Castiel didn’t know why, and though it did concern him, and he expressed this concern, he knew it was Dean’s choice.  He tried to make it as clear as possible that he would always be there for Dean, that he would listen, that he could offer him a distraction from whatever may have been plaguing his mind, that he could try to come up with a possible solution or way to get some type of relief.  Whatever it was that would help Dean the most, that was what Castiel wanted to give.  And he did end up giving it, because even though it wasn’t anything that he had offered, it was made obvious to Castiel that what the man he had to hold back from constantly smothering in love and affection wanted, was space.  So he gave that to him.  Still sending sweet smiles his way, giving him little lingering touches whenever he could, but Dean didn’t seem as responsive as usual, starting to just look at him with a blank expression.  Castiel tried not to be disheartened.
And then Dean cupped his face and finally kissed him.  They just let their lips press against each other for half a minute, but after that their tongues met and soon enough Dean was pulling Cas into his lap.  Dean's mouth moved underneath Cas's chin and he felt his flannel being grabbed at.
"You're the light of my life," he said, and while he had thought that for years, he had expected to choke on his words if he ever attempted to get it out of his mouth.
After the prince opened the door, he smiled and brought the dress into his room.  While he did that, the door was only barely ajar, not allowing anyone to see into his room, or even see much of himself.  He then explained this by insisting that he needed privacy before he became married.
“I was um, real worried about you, Cas,” Dean said softly as he moved his thumb, starting to caress Cas’s fingers rather than his wrist.  Being away from Cas and not knowing what was happening to him solidified in his mind that he always needed Cas to be close, with him.  Safe.
It was summer.  He should have been outside, and relishing the feeling of the sun on his skin, or perhaps enjoying some melon, which he knew could be prepared for him if requested.  Never would he have seen himself in his current predicament.  He was expecting the wedding planner to come by at any moment.  Wiping at his face, he tried to pull himself together.
‘Do you have it?’ Jody asked, wiping at her eyes. ‘Please say you have it! We can watch it tonight.’
‘And I wanted to see the tattoo,’ she said as she stepped closer and bent down to get a better look. ‘Your sex tape doesn’t do you justice.’
‘I’ll buy you some popsicle sticks and glue. We’ll put it on the fridge,’ Castiel said dryly. ‘Better yet, I’ll just take you to a rave. Get you some glow sticks. Maybe I’ll even get you some body glitter…’
‘We went to some of the same…parties,’ Castiel replied. He could feel his face heating up. In all honesty, he couldn’t remember if really had slept with any of the three Kismet sisters.
Castiel was having a wonderful dream. It probably had something to do with Gabriel insisting that he loom over Dean and wait for the Hunter to wake up. After about an hour, sleep had finally caught up to him. He'd had plenty of wet dreams before, but this one felt a little more real than the others. Someone was stroking his wings. Not just grooming them, but full on stroking. Fingers were running through his feathers, lightly displacing them, seeking out every last erogenous zone.
Gabriel rolled his eyes and crossed his arms as he slouched down. ‘Well, if that’s how you’re gonna be, then you can sleep on the cot and wake
Castiel carefully tucked his wings behind him and coughed awkwardly. ‘S-someone will eventually notice,’ he stuttered.
‘I never told him. He found out,’ Crowley replied as he sifted through more papers and placed new lines. ‘Do you remember when he went through puberty?’
‘Not today. You can have it tomorrow,’ Crowley replied. ‘Jody and I have a dive booked for tomorrow.’
‘You needn’t worry about them,’ Lucifer said as he stood behind Castiel. ‘None of them will be harmed. For now, at least.’
?! Dean, you are playing with fire here!’ Sam quickly strode to his window and shut it then drew the curtains before facing Dean.
‘Why are you studying history? Are you gonna at least add in some archaeology? Maybe get a whip?’ Dean asked with a grin as he drove. ‘I think you’d look good in a leather jacket and fedora.’
‘Well, at least the view’s good,’ he said, cocking his head to the side. He held his hand out to where he assumed Castiel was. ‘Gimme the binoculars.’
‘Yes, wonderful. You ruined the surprise,’ Crowley said, his voice becoming louder as he regained control of the phone.
Castiel hugged himself and edged along the counter to the door to outside. ‘I-I’m sorry,’ he whispered. ‘I tried… I-I can’t… Please stop me,’ he said, no longer able to fight Lucifer’s command. He darted out the door, leaving Gabriel alone in the kitchen.
Sam looked at Castiel in confusion then at Dean. ‘What? Why…why didn’t you say anything?’ he asked, hurt by his brother’s mistrust.
Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. ‘Just ‘cuz the Campbell family business was Hunting, doesn’t mean none of them could have lived a perfectly normal life.’
The man disappeared without a word. A moment later, a rope ladder was thrown over the side. ‘Come on up, then.’
‘This isn’t the same,’ Castiel said reassuringly. ‘No one died. I didn’t find any dead bodies. It’s just…something different.’
Gabriel stared at the floor and let himself be pulled into Sam’s arms. He clung tightly to Sam, reminding himself that he was still there. He wasn’t gone. Not yet.
Dean was beginning to wonder if he was going crazy or if the man was a ghost. But that wasn’t possible. He had to be a spy. Probably some rookie sent to follow him and Sam on their missions. But, every time Dean went to confront the man, he was never there. Eye contact was never made, so Dean couldn’t send him any threatening gestures. Or obscene ones. The more he saw the man on the streets, the more Dean saw of him in his dreams. It was getting ridiculous.
In an instant, Castiel was bare, moaning helplessly with his face buried in his arms. He was having a hard time not moving, but the longer he stayed, the more intense the cuff rewarded him. ‘P-please,’ he begged. ‘Can’t hold on… Can’t… Please, Dean!’
It wasn’t until he was in the tub and enjoying the distraction of the burning, stretching itch of bones shifting and scales growing that he realized he had been holding his breath. He slowly released his held breath and leaned back, wincing as a spine caught the faucet as he tried to find a comfortable position.
Castiel shook his head. ‘You can keep my gear. Just come get me tomorrow morning. The earlier, the better,’ he replied. Balthazar nodded his head at Sam, and Castiel frowned in confusion. What would he need to say to the hotel worker? Was he supposed to say something? Did he need something? Just because his brother was dating— ‘Oh! Tell Dean that I won’t be able to see him tonight. I have a lot to deal with, and his presence would only make things worse.’ Satisfied, he left the hotel.
'Blowjobs,' Dean automatically replied. He elaborated after Gabriel's indignant squawk. 'Y'see, Cas, some girls—or guys—just don't like the taste of cum, so they'll give blowjobs with a condom. Normal condoms don't taste or smell too good, so...flavored condoms.'
‘No, you’re not,’ Dean replied. ‘Think I woulda noticed if you were a lady. Unless… Is there something I don’t know about humans that I
Sam ran up and carefully walked around the frozen ghost. 'Wow! That's...amazing!' he said, looking from the ghost to Gabriel.
Castiel nodded. Later was safe. Later could be years. He looked at his phone. All of the old texts had been deleted. It was just as well. He was about to put it away when the screen flashed with a new message.
‘So, Dean… Why are you swimming around naked if you’re meeting up with your brother? Or is that just an excuse for getting caught?’ Castiel looked over Dean’s arms and chest, and he really liked what he saw. The small part of his mind that was possibly sober reminded him that he didn’t know anything about the man in front of him. Another part reminded him of his college years. Years that he had tried to leave far behind. Not even Gabriel knew what he had gotten up to.
‘He likes Castiel,’ she replied. ‘He apologized for asking Cas a question. Never seen a Hunter do that before.’
Dean could feel the tension building. He still didn’t quite trust Crowley, but he really liked Jody. And if she could put Crowley in his place with just a few words, then that was all right by him. Even if those words went right over his head. He glanced at Castiel and frowned when he saw the panicked look on Castiel’s face. ‘Cas? You okay?’
Castiel knew that saying this would cause himself to lose more blood, and possibly grace, but at that moment he didn’t care.  He thought about humans, how some of them were good, but some of them were more monstrous than the creatures that many were taught to be afraid of.   Controlling, needing everything to be their way, blind to the truth and insistent on victimizing themselves.  Asmodeus was like this.
, they were not close enough. With one hand in the angel's black hair, he slotted their mouths together so they could taste as much of each other as they could.
There was no excuse for Dean’s actions, he knew that, but he was giving Castiel a piece of what he knew he needed, understanding.
“So no one has fit it perfectly as of yet,” Michael commented softly.  Standing at his full height, he appeared as just the prince he was.
Cas had looked up.  That was something. For the first time, Dean noticed the redness around his eyes.  He was crying before Dean burst in. And it was because of him. There was no room for any other thought, and Dean couldn't measure the amount of regret that it made him feel.
"Me neither," Castiel replied bluntly, and Dean laughed.  And then they danced.  This time, there really was no one else, and no piano in the background, but it didn't really matter to either of them.
Castiel nodded, and his eyes drifted to their hands.  His was still being held in Dean’s.  What was he to make of that?
Cas had been there for sure, and left, with everything he’d bought in one bag.  It suddenly occurs to Dean that even if Cas isn’t answering his phone, that doesn’t mean he doesn’t have it.  He curses himself for being so rash, though he is not surprised.  Cas just made him lose his sense sometimes.
Castiel smiled.  The underwear had been a comfort to himself while being apart from Dean, but he was pleased with the positive response they were getting now.  He reached out undid his boyfriend’s pants button, letting his hand linger as he pulled down the zipper.
Another ball occurred that night, and Dean was anxious.  His eyes darted around the room and his hands were starting to sweat.
Ruby responded immediately by flipping him off, otherwise unmoving from her spot, letting Anna pet her hair.
Later on though, while Dean was still eating breakfast, Cas got up, told Dean not to come into their room for the rest of the day, and walked away.  Dean would have been concerned if not for the exaggerated wink that was thrown his way, causing him to choke on his coffee.
“I feel that too,” Dean blurted out.  “I, if I said it right now, it wouldn’t sound good, and I want it to sound good.”  Still holding Cas’s hand, Dean lowered himself onto the space of the bed next to him, on his side so they could continue to look at each other.  “I do, though.  A lot.”
Castiel’s breathing quickened, and he squeezed Dean’s hand.  He truly didn’t need anything more than what he heard.  It was already much more than he expected.  What was even more was when Dean released his hand in favor of wrapping his arms around him, holding him tight.  It hurt a little, but he didn’t care.  They closed their eyes.  Castiel returned the embrace.  They both could have used some more time to rest, so they took it.  They would wake up later, and Dean would stroke Castiel’s wings as gently as he could, and as soon as he could see the blue of the angel’s eyes, he would tell him he loved him.  And suddenly, saying it would seem like the easiest thing in the world.
noise,’ he said. He shrugged as he grabbed Sam’s hand. ‘C’mon, Sam! I’ve got some free time. We should go for a walk! Maybe find a secluded thicket or something.’
Dean opened his eyes in confusion. He had felt a warm pulse on his forehead, but nothing more. He stared up at Castiel, and a smile formed on his lips. ‘Hey.’
Dean patted Sam’s shoulder. ‘Long story short? That’s my stalker,’ he said, pointing at Castiel and receiving and scowl in return, ‘and we’re milking the benefits of Mom having been an agent with Angel Corp.’
Sam pulled himself over the railing, giving a quick flick of his tail to give himself an extra boost. He dropped onto the cushioned seating on the back of the boat and let his tail trail over the railing. ‘Gabriel?’
Sam laughed softly and moved so that he was leaning over the side of the tub in front of Gabriel. He wrapped his tail behind him and let it drape over his shoulder. ‘I’ve had girlfriends and boyfriends that were human, but I never told them. And I…I had a mate once, but…she’s gone now.’
‘Yes, you are,’ Castiel cut in. He knew Dean was mad at him. Anger, annoyance, irritation…it flared up as he spoke.
‘I suppose that works, too,’ Gabriel relented. He looked down at his lap and bit his lip as he thought. ‘Not to seem like I’m pushing the subject, but uh…I think you’d be great at scouting locations. Some of those places you showed me? Straight out of a movie or something!’
‘Well, it was pretty surprisin’… Ash here came out of his room around lunchtime and just…set the cuff on the bar. Said he needed a new one.’ Jo shrugged as Ash nodded along. ‘We have no idea what’s goin’ on. Hunters have been showin’ up all day since it happened, and, well… Everyone’s real confused. Some are real scared.’
‘Did I do it wrong?’ Dean asked. He looked up at Castiel, radiating complete misery. ‘Did I get the spell wrong? Was I supposed to
Dean moved forward, eyes trained on Castiel, but he’d only moved just a step before he heard a thud, something getting thrown against a wall, sounding like it came from another room, or a hallway.
Sam watched his brother get into the back with Cas and close the door.  He knew that he didn’t really need to respond to what Dean said.  That Dean was mostly trying to convince himself.  Still, he really hoped that Dean was right and that Cas would be able to recover.  He got into the front seat and started the car, knowing that he was going to get yelled at if he didn’t get them out of there as soon as possible.  Even as he was doing that, he couldn’t help but be aware that Dean had pulled Cas’s head into his lap and was running his fingers through his hair, ever so gently.  Sam wondered how aware
It turned out that the supposed king of demons had quite the appetite.  Asmodeus ate without care, probably using some kind of charm to ensure that no stains would come onto his blinding white suit.  Castiel was certain that he did not need to eat, and assumed he was only doing what all creatures do.  Filling themselves with something as a way to pass the time while they sought after what they believed would grant them relief.  And Castiel was starting to think that was just what life was for everyone.  In his own life, however, he had been stuffed.  He had not quite indulged in his love for God and order, it had been force fed to him, as he had finally learned after his meetings with Naomi.  If not for Dean, he would still be choking on it.
Agile were Castiel’s bare feet as he wandered through the halls, his path illuminated by lavender candles, burning bright.  Castiel had always been drawn to bright things.
Dean actually takes a moment to think about that, and he finds that he does understand.  Who wouldn’t get married to get the job done, when you have no hope of being married to the one that you want?  There is no point in reserving yourself if you are not wanted.  Except, he knows that Cas
Dean went on to say that he hadn’t been able to sleep lately, and that he knew he owed Castiel an explanation and a lot more, that he was messed up and had issues and was hoping to work them out, that he knew he'd sabotaged their relationship.  He promised that he’d stopped drinking, and that he was working on his anger issues, and just his general issues.  And he was aware that it was going to be a journey, but he was going to really put the effort in.  The way he said all of this came off a little aggressively, which may have had something to do with the fact that he was determined, so much so that his face was turning a little pink with how little pauses for air he allowed himself.  His chest was heaving a little bit too.  And it was pretty clear that he wasn’t going to stop trying to win Castiel back.  He ended this long rant, jabbing his finger at Castiel, not really knowing what to do with himself, and sweating a little bit, as he told him that he loved him and really wanted him to come home.  Home.
Castiel felt that he was very good with Jack, and Kelly and Lucifer couldn’t help but agree.  It was rather obvious.  He continued to go with Lucifer on his visits, and eventually, he started to go on his own.  He honestly had no idea if Lucifer and Kelly were still on, if they were still together, or if they were having yet another bump in their relationship.  And even more honestly than that, he started to feel like Kelly could do better.  Jack too.
Nearly knocking over his bucket of soap, Castiel sputtered.  He looked down.  Has he?  Ever been in love?  For most of his life, he had not even considered romantic love.  It wasn't like he had the opportunity to really get to know anyone, or to even interact with anyone outside of the castle.  He thought about the night before, the connection that he had felt with Dean.  It definitely hadn't been nothing.  And...he knew Dean.  The good and the bad.
Dean had some doubts, and as usual they were all being aimed towards himself.  He didn't want to waste any more time. If there was even a chance that he could be happy, he'd take it.  Especially given that Sam gave him the heads up that it seemed like Cas was getting ready to leave, and for good this time.
Dean knew there was something off about Castiel’s voice on the phone.  Not off in the same way it had been off earlier, that adorable awkwardness.  It was more than that.  Dean just knew.  Or more accurately, he had a strong feeling.  A voice in his head said that maybe he couldn’t accept that Cas simply wasn’t that eager to talk to him, or to see him.  He pushed that away.  And maybe Ketch’s arrival and the memories of Mary he brought along with him made Dean even more on edge, made him even more hesitant to trust what he heard.  He wasn’t sure.  That was what he’d said, too, when Ketch had asked him about his angel.  His.  Dean tried not to think about how the words were so clearly meant just for him, how Sam didn’t even attempt to answer, instead looking at him, waiting for him to.  It must have been obvious that he was supposed to.  And Dean had indeed answered, no denying.  It might have been because he was too worried, or maybe he just didn’t feel like pretending he was put off by the idea of Cas being his, which, had he ever really?  No.  But in that instance, answering Ketch’s question, he was not only very much
"We are still under mistletoe, Dean.  I believe you are supposed to keep kissing me," Cas said, pulling Dean down by his collar.
"I will always forgive you," Cas said, with a full smile this time.  "And there is no one better than you, Dean Winchester. I will be by your side for as long as you want me here."
Castiel blinked.  His eyes started to water, his mouth opening and closing a few times before he just gave a slight nod.
Castiel is staring, and if Dean thinks that if Cas was anything but...well, Cas, an angel, he’d be worried about whether or not he was breathing okay.  Maybe Cas has developed human breathing problems.  Dean is sure that if that’s true, it must be his fault.
While Castiel didn’t feel bad for Lucifer at all in relation to what Jack had called him, he did feel the need to inform Kelly.  Thankfully, she just thought it was cute, and let him know that Jack had already called her mommy a while back, not that Lucifer was aware of it.  She seemed a little hesitant to bring up his brother’s name at all, but Castiel didn’t press her for why.
Castiel had successfully escaped his former life.  He missed his father dearly, but he hoped for the best for him, and for his brothers too, even.  He was now in disguise as a servant for the Winchester family, working for King John and Queen Mary.  He never really had to interact with them though.  No, his duties were focused elsewhere.
“We get the perks, but also a lotta crap you beta boneheads don’t have to deal with,” Jesse points out. And no, he’s not alluding to the dispersing, they’re just shooting the shit here, no need to dredge up the pain every parent around this fire has felt and will feel again in the future.
“She is not the most maternal person,” says the sorcerer with as much dryness as the great Salt Desert of the far north.
The Hunters are an oddball squadron, the very opposite of Heaven’s regimented ranks, and they are the best of humanity. They come from all corners of the earth, from all religions and with a plethora of beliefs and preferences, the kind of principles over which humans have been thumping each other for centuries, and yet in the Hunters the only creed is: “Can you fight? Do you hate demons? Yeah? Then welcome to the crew.”
“Nobody knows for sure. It's historic originally. It marks a mystery from hundreds of years ago. But to the sufferers of the virus, or the survivors, I imagine it only meant one thing: there is no one left here. They are all gone.”
“There’s camps dotted here and there, of course, but nothing fresh. Just scavengers like us, I wager.”
“But now that the tablets are reintegrated...” Castiel said slowly, ignoring the noises of irritation his husband was making.
“Shit, we’re bloody married, call me Dean. What I’m saying, Cas, is that your duties don’t extend to the mattress.”
In 1838 - not that dates mattered anymore - Colt was leading a few dozen refugees to safety. Or that was the plan, though safety was a very relative term these days.
As they approach the circle of soldiers, he sees others in the same uniform running to and fro. Those coming into the circle are carrying wounded men and women, some from the Hunters and Sam’s troops, and a few of their own white-clad knights. Then they come back out empty handed. Is the large carriage ahead the rolling infirmary of some army healers? Were they able to get to Sir Robert in time…?
Dean is incensed. It's come to him that he's not being taken seriously. The big cat’s limp swipe and scream was an obvious scare tactic, the bird had only been trying to throw him from the tower window - and this being the second floor, you couldn't even call that a truly lethal attack either - and the cow, well the cow was just an insult, man. It seems this fucking warlock doesn’t think Dean is that much of a threat and just wants him to pick up his toys and go away.
Luke seems to think the answer is blindingly obvious. “I was trying to get you out of the Winchester pack.”
“In the time I have come to know you, know you both, I have, that is, I would like to think we have become friends, and I… I would not wish to see you come to harm.”
The situation burst onto Dean in all its complexity. Was Jo still an operator? No, surely she’d been retired - forcibly - by Bobby and Ellen’s choice. And that’d go down like a weighed anchor as far as she was concerned. Her mother had welcomed Cas, but angels had killed her father and the rules of hospitality didn’t trump that in any way. And the worst tangle... how would she see Dean now? Jo was like a sister to him. But if Sam had had the occasional hard time swallowing this situation- had he lost Jo?
“S’good… S’all good then… Time for bed?” the king added with a side-eye and a hint of a hopeful grin.
Cas breaks off with a gasp as Dean claps him on the backside. “Yeah, you’ll be fine.” Being alpha isn’t always about being toughest, especially nowadays and in the kind of community the Winchesters aim to become; it’s about organisation, responsibility and wanting the best for the pack, and Cas is already there without even noticing.
of a golden coin hitting flagstones and a few gasps, Castiel’s voice is pitched low for her ears alone.
John looks like he’s about to point out that Dean’s normally the loudest of the bunch, but then he’s silent instead.
“Yes. You never really said what, though.” And it wasn’t as if Castiel had not had lots to distract him after that brief conversation.
“That doesn’t help,” Castiel says, mind spinning over what they’ve learned. “God is gone, not that he was ever in your church to begin with. Your Christ The Lamb Pentecostal congregation is too small-minded and clannish.”
They were at Donna’s today for another routine that revolved around her, the annual cleaning of her kitchen and bakery. Castiel, radiating confusion, managed not to point out that the Machine rewrote the place spotless every other day or so, and thus this annual ritual of giving the place a thorough spring cleaning by humans ‘to get it right’ was useless.
There are muffled words on the other end of the phone, regular thump of footsteps, then a creak. He hears Dean grunt, a tired constrained noise. Castiel frowns.
From seemingly far away, he heard a gravely voice say: “This man has broken no decree. It’s the brother you’re looking for. Uriel. Go put out a search warrant for Dean Winchester. Then come talk to me in private. I have words for you.”
“It doesn’t seem to be broken,” he says acidly. “Dean, what the hell happened to you? And why are you carrying around a bird, for crying out loud?”
He would only have to watch Jack for one night, and during that time, starting from when Kelly left, he and Jack engaged in several conversations.  Well, on Jack’s part it was mostly babbling, but Castiel always replied to him with a smile.
Then all eyes turned again to the door like they had the previous night.  It was the same man, but with a gown adorned with what must have been thousands of jewels.  Like the stars.  Dean was out of his seat in seconds.
Castiel smiled slightly at the mention of his son and nodded.  “Yes.  It has been going quite well...I actually came here to deliver the two of you to your homes.  To where you can rest.  Eileen has been waiting for you, Sam.”
Castiel shrugs.  “It was easiest.  Didn’t seem like a big deal to me...You must understand why.  I had no reason to refuse.”
“Castiel,” she purrs before releasing her hold on him.  “You seem distracted by something.  I would like to know what has stolen your attention.”  He opens his mouth, and closes it again.  “I do hope that you would like to stay here with us.  We could certainly use your strength.  And...I cannot help but wonder...what would be born from a night between an angel and a djinn?”
Sam opened the back door and moved so Dean could lay Cas down inside.  Cas, who still had his eyes closed.
But what he wanted to hope for was that people in love wouldn’t do anything to prevent their beloved from being happy.  There were a lot of things he wanted to hope for, that he was sure would only lead to disappointment.
Without a doubt, he would make all of his New Year's resolutions about Cas for the rest of his life if he stayed.
He was right, and Castiel sure looked surprised when he was rushing in.  Dean hadn’t even reached him yet when Cas reminded him of the closing time.  Which Dean knew, of course.  He insisted that there was a book that he really wanted.  Which they both knew wasn’t true.  Not that Dean didn’t like books.  He loved them, actually.  But he couldn’t come up with a title at that moment, which he decided to try using this to his advantage, saying that he needed more time to remember what it was.
They continue to hold hands, Castiel’s left often in Dean’s right, when they get rings.  Dean lifts their hands to display Castiel’s ring whenever he finds it necessary, and Castiel just smiles with a soft blush.
The shreds of fabric were discarded, and as Dean dabbed at the punctures, he noticed the dim, fading light of Castiel’s grace beneath some of the worst of them.  The injuries already looked a little better than they had before.  Some blood got onto Dean’s bed, coming from Castiel’s back, but it wasn’t minded.  Most of the cuts in Cas’s back were pretty shallow, thankfully.  Dean put some ointment around them and placed a large bandage over his skin.  He’d never been filled with so much tenderness while treating wounds.  The urge to hold Cas in his arms and kiss his forehead was powerful, but he knew he had to just leave him be and let him rest.
He rubbed a hand on the back of his neck as he felt his face heat up.  It wasn't the love confession that he'd been going for, that Cas deserved, but it was a start.  He'd get there.
They'd both missed this eye contact.  It changed the way that they breathed.  The presence of the other had always made them feel stronger, and yet weak in the knees, in a way that had only been described before in books.
Dean nodded and sighed.  "Yep.  That's it.  I met someone last night and...wow.  I mean, this is crazy!  I know I just met them, but I really did feel something, and I feel like I've known them forever, like...my soul has been waiting for them my whole life.  And now that it's been reunited with its other half, its making sure that I know that I need that other half, if that even makes sense...Uh, you tell anyone I told you this crap and you'll be sorry."
Castiel must marry his father? He can't marry his father! But the ring fits...but he just can't! But...the kingdom! The ring...his father?!  But the ring...is the ring...is...the ring.
Castiel's foot fit into the shoe perfectly despite the dark fur he was covered in.  The brothers looked angry but Dean was just looking at him, trying to look into his eyes, it seemed.  They were the only part of Castiel even partially visible through the disguise.
Castiel’s wings were spread out, and bent over the chair.  They weren’t full and fluffy, no.  They were rather thinned out, with large bald spots.  He blinked his eyes open, looking around a little before seeing Asmodeus, who strode over and turned Castiel’s chair to the side.  Asmodeus grabbed one of his wings, forcefully stretching it out over the table.
Castiel made dinner every night.  He wouldn’t let Dean go hungry.  Breakfast too, and they still ate that together at least.  Castiel missed seeing Dean smile during that time, though.  He missed getting good morning kisses.  Or just kisses, in general.  Just to hold Dean’s hand again, he would have given anything.  It didn’t even feel like they were engaged anymore.  He was starting to wonder if he had imagined that in the first place, that happy day that Dean had proposed.  He was living a different life now.
Castiel turned a little too quickly and frowned, letting out a soft curse.  He had not been expecting to see Ketch so soon.  Their relationship had seemed devoid of any affection not long into it, but the man still thought he had some type of claim over him.  It made Castiel feel gross.  He knew that he had to do something when he felt those cold eyes finding his.  He forced a smile on his face as he looked back to Meg and stated that he was in trouble.  In her usual fashion, Meg suggested that they make out.
And he found himself telling Meg that he was going to go mingle.  Which wasn’t his intention at all, as he had just one destination.  Never in his life had Castiel imagined himself marching right up to a hot guy, but this situation was giving him the perfect excuse.  He didn’t even know if the guy liked men, he knew nothing about him.  But he still felt a pull to him that he wasn’t going to ignore.  He really was getting out of his comfort zone.  When he reached Dean, he didn’t introduce himself.  He just smiled, leaned forward, and spoke a little quietly.
“Are these flowers for me?”  Castiel had just returned home from work to find a bouquet of lavender lilies on the dining room table.  Getting flowers from Dean always brightened his day.
Dean walked up to him, having started to come down the stairs when he heard the door open, and nodded, mumbling about how he had thought they were pretty, and how the flowers apparently bloomed really nice around this time.
Castiel ended up leaving. He couldn’t get away fast enough.  Dean didn’t stop him, but he did make sure to get another drink.  And another.  And another.  A bitter voice inside of him, and inside of Castiel too, said that it was a good thing that they had not gotten rings for each other yet.
He really thought that Dean had been fully separated from that man’s claws, but no, not yet.  Apparently John had not responded well when Dean had told him about their engagement.  John had always had a problem with their relationship, ever since Dean had told him about it.  Dean had reverted to his old ways of putting his own feelings on a shelf and putting on the cold armor that his father had forced upon him.  It suffocated him.  It had been like he couldn’t stop, he just lost himself.
Yes, the flavor of the pie had been cherry.  Castiel had gotten pretty good at figuring out the flavors of whatever pie Dean had been eating.  With two fingers, Dean dragged over the container of the dessert he’d been enjoying when Cas had come home.  He fed Cas, bite by bite, and he would be kidding himself if he thought that he was not getting
As if he were under a spell, not in control of himself, Castiel made what one may have been either the best or worst decision of his life, and he slipped the ring onto his finger.  It fit perfectly.
Dean was moaning quietly, unable to help himself as his mouth was slowly worked open.  When Cas let his tongue slide across the inside of Dean's bottom lip, the moaning got louder.  Dean grabbed Cas's face because
“Cas, I know your wings...are hurt really bad, and that they probably looked way different before you met me.  But I think they’re awesome.  Seriously.  And they’re the best wings out there, if you ask me.”
He thought of Benny, and swallowed.  Even at his drunkest nights with that man, nothing had happened, but there had been a look in Benny’s eyes a few times that made Dean question things.  He didn’t go for it, but he hadn’t run away from it either.  He never would have cheated, though.  Never.  And he had completely cut Benny off a few days after Cas had left.
Pressing his lips together, Dean bumps his shoulder against Castiel’s.  “Maybe it won’t be necessary.  And you’ll be completely yourself.  And you’ll just...want it.  It’ll just make you happy.”
This dress of Castiel's was golden, of course, and Dean wondered if it was made of actual gold.  It made the man look like the shining sun in the darkness of the night.
A few moments more, and Castiel’s hand was covering the one on his face, keeping it there.  This was real.  Castiel felt that this was something delicate, something he had to be careful about, so he was slow as he brushed his lips along Dean’s.  The last thing he wanted was to scare him away.  He didn’t need anything, not really, and had not expected anything to happen, so this chasteness was more than enough for him.
The final ball had been over for about twenty minutes when Castiel finally showed up.  Dean had been sitting on the steps that led to the castle entrance.  Even after spending the entire ball sulking, he had not given up.
Apparently it was already enough to get Cas's eyes watering, and he spoke for the first time since Dean had entered the room.
Castiel wonders briefly if this could be another trap, and any internal response he has to this is rather detached.  Oh well, he thinks.  That is the main sentiment.
Sam took care of it, always the one more eager to handle John, and Dean was still really grateful for the way that it had all worked out, though he did wish he had stood up to his father more often.
Dean blinked. And then he shrugged, making a comment about how it wasn’t like he was stopping Cas from going out with some friends.  If he had any.
“Well,” Asmodeus began, “all you need to know is that I’m gonna get those...pretty wings of yours out.  I have been given a resource I would like to test.  Of course, I would like to do this to Lucifer, eventually, but...A test, as I said.  Why not test it out on a uh, littler angel?”
It was risky, of course, doing this.  If he were to be recognized as the prince that had gone missing a few kingdoms away, it was entirely possible that word would get out, and he would end up getting dragged back to his family.  Surely his father had been able to find someone else that could fit the ring, which he'd left behind, but he didn't trust the law.  He had been the first to fit the ring.  That could override the fact that someone else was wearing it now.  Castiel wasn't entirely sure.
Castiel has much to say in response, but before he can choose what to start with, a woman is walking up to them with a panicked expression.  “Forgive me, we tried to stop him, but…”
attracted to you, okay?  So much more than I've ever been to anyone else. And this?" He raised their hands. "This means a hell of a lot more to me than all the sex I've ever had in my life."
Sam, having been a little behind Dean, turned his head.  His eyes widened when he saw Lucifer storm in, eyes red and glowing.  There was anger there he knew he’d seen before.  An expression that he tried to keep out of his thoughts.  He had less control over those in his dreams, his nightmares, of course.  The anger was not aimed at him, though.  And naturally, not at Michael, as it had been for the majority of their shared time in the cage.  It was aimed at Asmodeus.  Still, it took Sam a second to recover and look away.
What was wrong was the way that his older brothers, the princes Lucifer and Michael, treated him.  They picked on him and criticized all of his behaviors, mocking his relationship with the animals, which they enjoyed hunting for sport.  This left Castiel’s heart in a distressed condition, each time they flaunted their so-called winnings.  It was painfully unnecessary, especially considering the fact that they had a cook, they had several cooks, and surely were able to eat better than anyone else in the kingdom.
“You know, um,” Dean, blushing, starts, “Cas just actually recently died, so.  Marriage invalid.  Nulled.  Whatever.  Cas, let’s go.”  He walks over to the couch and pulls Cas up by the arm before walking towards the exit, not letting go.  Castiel doesn’t turn back, and just lets Dean lead him, enjoying the grip on his arm.
And Castiel just looked more confused, trying to meet Dean’s eyes, looking for an answer.  Meanwhile, Dean was staring down at their hands, wondering if this was enough.  Cas loved him.  He loved Cas.  And they were holding hands.  Or he was holding Castiel’s hand, at least.  Castiel was rather still.  Maybe this wasn’t enough.
Eileen looked just as she had the last time Dean had seen her.  She opened the door with a smile, quick to go into Sam’s arms.  And then, of course, to kiss him.  Dean wondered how long she had been waiting for.  He looked over at Cas.
When Castiel told all of this to Dean, still holding his face, Dean let out a quick breath, and his grip on Castiel tightened further.  With everything that they’d gone through, that they'd told each other, and still had to work through, he just had one question.
“Sam’s already looking into the lore on angel wings, I’m sure.  Undo that Men of Letters spell crap.”
Castiel stopped, and turned to Dean with a bittersweet smile.  It reminded Dean of the moments before the Empty had taken him.
Asmodeus narrowed his eyes at Castiel’s outburst, not knowing how to respond and not eager to admit it.  But he didn’t need to, he was the one in control.  That was the way he liked it.  He didn’t need to use his words.  He only needed to when it was him telling the story.  And he would continue to tell it his way.  He would continue to remember it his way, and Castiel knew that.
Castiel tugged their hands down, and kissed Dean’s palm.  “Okay, but you don’t have to.  I love you, Dean,” he whispered against his skin.
The whole time, he’d had the opportunity to have something worth holding onto.  Everyone must have been afraid of loss.  Nothing was completely in anyone’s control.  Their lives were insane, but even normal people had to deal with more or less of the same thing, right?  A single, seemingly harmless choice could lead to an early death.  That was just the way the world worked.  Dean could lose Cas.  They would always be able to lose each other, no matter what they did.  Maybe it would hurt a little more if they were actually together.  If Dean said it, those three words that would really only be an attempt to sum up how he felt, and then wouldn’t be able to say it anymore, it’d hurt.
It wasn't broken, so that was a relief.  From the looks of it, Cas had been holding it with both hands.  Dean couldn't think too hard about why, for he was focused on how the angel's blue eyes had widened, and were concentrated on the fallen object.
Castiel looked up at Dean and saw no disgust.  Just radiance, warmth.  Having that directed at him was mesmerizing.
Dean realized too late that it was long before the evil of the being they called Chuck was revealed that he had not given the angel the appreciation that he deserved.  Saying that he was dead to him surely didn't help either.
"Cas, I might have considered myself to be straight for a long time, but your vessel doesn't bother me in the slightest.  I've never been in love before, just so you know. You're it for me. And...I am very,
That didn’t matter though, because it was all wrong, Cas was wrong, Dean knew.  Because what he wanted was not in that house, it was right in front of him.  Had been, for years.  Why was it still so hard for him to open his damn mouth?
“I am sorry, Dean.  I am alright.  My presence was requested here.  This is the djinn queen.”  He looks back at her again, breifly.  Melinda’s eyes move between the two.  She knows of Dean Winchester, of course, and the bond that exists with him and Castiel.  Some rumors about them, she has imagined in the past, were just that.  Rumors.  Now she is having doubts.
“Just in case anyone else tries to whisk you away again,” he says with a squeeze to the angel’s palm.
Ketch couldn’t help but be annoyed.  Of course the spell worked.  It came from the British Men of Letters, after all.  He’d been hoarding it for some time, and while it was true it had never been tested on an angel before, he’d always been confident that it would work, and eager to see it in action.
Had he listened to it?  Did it remind him of Dean?  Did it make him want to stay?  Or did looking at it make him wish to be even farther away from the bunker, from Dean?
Castiel stared at Dean for just a moment longer before he walked over to him and did just that.  Immediately, he felt his boyfriend’s hands settle on his waist, beneath his coat.  He wasn’t sure which one of them parted their lips first, but soon enough they were tasting each other, and soon enough after that Castiel found his back pressed against the kitchen counter.  A few minutes later found the two of them resting their foreheads together, sharing soft breaths.
While Castiel definitely had some of the most remarkable features he’d ever seen, he soon learned that the guy liked to talk a lot too.  And stare.  Intensely.  And he seemed smart, Dean could see why he was in the same school as Sam, and he was down to Earth.  He mentioned something about bees, and Dean just nodded along, distracted by the bit of hair that curled against the guy’s forehead.  Dean thought Cas was special.  He hadn’t looked at anyone else since they met, he realized, even though some of the girls walking past were hardly decently dressed, which he usually would have been all over.  That was kind of dangerous, too.  Dean told himself that the only reason he wasn’t giving the ladies as much attention as he usually would was because he was putting in the effort to look like a good boyfriend, to get paid.  Yep.  Getting paid.  He was not falling for someone that he had just met.  But when a Led Zeppelin song played at some point, he couldn’t help but think that it sure seemed like it was meant to be, they were meant to meet.
So Dean let Cas rest, watching over him and surveying how as time went on his breaths got deeper.  The more he could see the rise and fall of his chest, the better Dean felt.  A good while after Castiel had been thoroughly cleaned, Dean settled himself in a chair, dragging it close.  As much as he wanted to lie down beside Cas on the bed, he feared he would end up rolling onto his wings.  He was thinking of them like butterfly wings, so delicate that even just touching them could reduce their functionality.  And to hurt Cas after what he’d just been through was something Dean wasn’t willing to risk.
Castiel’s eyes opened.  His wings were already pitiful.  He didn’t even want them to be seen, much less vulnerable to being touched by Asmodeus’s hands, or his blade.  Castiel swallowed.
“It’s,” Dean said quietly, looking up at Cas, into those eyes that had always truly seen him.  The only eyes that had ever truly seen him, his bare soul, his regret, his loathing.  He knew everything, and yet still loved him.  Loved him because of it, even, and that wasn’t a small thing at all.  It was a really big thing, to know that the love was real, that Castiel loved the real Dean Winchester.
interested in that type of activity, but only to engage in it with one particular person, who could never want the same.  So Castiel tries to keep these thoughts locked away.
And so they did.  Dean was not aware of what symphony it was that played as they moved, and had no idea who composed it, but he was pretty sure that it became his favorite at that moment.  It wasn’t
Of course, no one called him that here. Here, he was known as Straggled Hag.  Dean usually didn't even call him that.  He just barked orders.  Once, he even threw a bucket at him.
“Big difference between can, should, and will.  Now answer the question.” In what Ketch would describe as his usual fashion, Dean aimed a gun at him.  Ketch weighed his options.  Naturally, he wanted to be on the winning side.  He firmly believed that he was still on it.  Prince of Hell versus two greasy Americans?  No contest.
So Dean did, and he couldn't stop his mouth from opening when he saw the ceiling, which was completely covered with mistletoe.
“What do you want from me?” It was the first time Castiel had said anything since Asmodeus had set him up at the table.
Castiel was tired of Dean not saying anything.  He knew that Dean wasn’t as open as some other people.  But he didn’t like being out of the loop, having no idea what Dean was going through, what had brought this all on.  Maybe Benny knew.  That thought hurt.  He knew he was just thinking like that because he was already hurt, though.  He didn’t mean to say anything right when Dean’s mouth looked like it might just open, but Castiel felt like it needed to be said.
distracted by Castiel’s lips every time they wrapped around the fork.  And they inevitably ended up kissing again.
Luckily, Sam was there to distract him with talk about food for later, so he ended up not thinking about it too much.  Then Cas came out, looking pleased with himself.
"I am so sorry.  And I know that I'm being selfish, but I don't want to enter this new year without you."
Castiel sat at one end of a long table, Asmodeus on the other end.  His own plate was empty, and his wrists were locked into his seat.  Asmodeus paused every once in a while to smile at him.  Castiel understood the game.  Force him to watch him eat, slowly, not knowing what would happen once the meal was over.  Keeping a straight face, just staring ahead, Castiel hoped to appear unbothered.
So he left the library after getting one last look at Cas, and letting him know that he would do whatever he could to earn that trust back.
Hours later, after the castle was once again only inhabited by the royal family, Lucifer and Michael were looking at the ring, close enough that Michael could pick it up.  And he did.  He examined it, as if it would tell him what to do about their father’s need to marry.  It didn’t.
“I just can’t get enough of you.” That was Dean’s excuse for keeping Castiel to himself until it was time for them to head out.  No one really minded this, though Ruby appeared annoyed, while clinging to Anna herself.
Suddenly Castiel felt a little weak, and it wasn't just because his brothers were trying to stick their big feet into his shoe while smiling at the prince.
The prince actually rolled his eyes.  Why was this man so cheerful? Didn't he understand what was happening? What was wrong with this kingdom? Why would anyone allow this?
"You f-find me...attractive?"  It was difficult for Cas to speak as Dean was having his way with his neck, but it was understood.  The angel felt Dean scoff against his skin.
Gabriel let them in with a grin, and led them to the living room, where Anna was sitting on the couch, her girlfriend Ruby on her lap.  Ruby didn’t really get along with a lot of people, but she was definitely a softie when it came to Anna.
“Cas, I...This isn’t what I want.  Lisa, she’s not...I don’t want to be with her.”  Castiel’s eyebrows moved together, forming a question, but Dean ignored it, choosing instead to do something that he’d imagined himself countless times before.  The hand he had on Castiel’s arm slowly slid down, down, fingers circling the angel’s wrist, and then he was gingerly holding his hand.
Another time, it was hot towels.  It was at that point that Castiel realized why he was assigned to Dean in particular, and why it was only him.  Surely every other person that had taken on the job before had left, unable to put up with the man any longer.
At some point Dean had stood up from one of the couches where they’d been deep in conversation, and extended a hand to Castiel.
Perhaps it was the fear of rejection that had held Dean back for so long.  Or of losing Cas soon afterwards, if they really allowed what existed between them to blossom.
Dean stayed quiet for a few seconds.  And then he elaborated.  It was a mixture of multiple things that he loved most about Cas, all really meaning the same thing in the end.  The way Cas reacted to him, looked at him, always made him feel so special.  So loved.  Castiel was so sweet.  An angel, his angel, always.  Dean had always had problems with the idea of asking people to stay, as for a long time it had seemed like nothing but a weakness, admitting that he needed someone else.  And he had never really given anything else, anything romantic, a chance before Cas.  Because Cas just made him throw everything out the window.  Dean was asking him to stay, to marry him.
Ketch sighed, carefully putting his phone into his pocket as he accepted that he was going to have to deal with Dean.  And that Asmodeus might have to as well, earlier than expected.
They learn that Dean was right.  Castiel’s third and final marriage, to one Dean Winchester, when it happens, is not necessary.  But they both want it, and they are happy.
It was all Dean's parents' idea after they found out about what had happened.  The prince had been very upset when he had not seen Castiel within a day following the last ball, or at least, was not aware that he had seen him.  Dean insisted that the whole shoe fitting ordeal was unnecessary because he would know by looking at the man's face.  But
Castiel told them that the engagement was off, because that’s just how it seemed.  He assumed that Dean had told the same news to his own family.
Castiel kissed Dean.  Just a firm but careful press of lips, and then he was whispering his answer, which was rather obvious by this point.  There was never anywhere that he wanted to be that wasn’t in Dean’s arms, or that’s what he was thinking in that moment anyways.  They may not have seemed like a perfect match to any outsiders, but Castiel was certain that they were meant to be together.
When the song ended, Castiel tore out of Dean's grasp and ran away, silver silk flowing behind him.  Dean followed, calling out, running to the doorway, but the man was gone.  He stayed there for a while, just looking out and wondering where that man had come from.  That beautiful man.  There was hope in his heart that he would see him again.
Just like the hug, it had been rather uncharacteristic of Lucifer to ask Castiel if he wanted to accompany him on a visit to his girlfriend Kelly and their child.  But it was definitely appreciated.  What would be better to distract him from Dean than an adorable baby?
Castiel got Dean flowers a few times as well.  Among other things, which Dean considered to be more Cas-like gifts.
When everyone returned again with the second dress the planner said, "I've done everything you asked.  You must be married soon."
“She, she wanted to have kids with you?  Cas, you seriously need to stop marrying random chicks.  I mean, I get that you did it to get the forbidden fruit or whatever, and I appreciate that, but you could have just ganked ‘em all.  The whole clan.  You didn’t need to agree to that.”
His family comforted him when he told them what happened.  Castiel had never been that close with them, really, but even Lucifer gave him a hug.  That was definitely not something that happened every day.  The youngest Novak must have looked as broken as he felt.  Novak.  It looked like he would be staying that way now.
He did find out later though, sitting on the couch beside Kelly, that Lucifer had cheated on her.  With some woman named Anael, she said.  Lucifer apparently was pretty careless when it came to hiding hickeys.
Since there wasn't any actual music playing, Castiel wasn't sure when to leave.  But then Dean started leaning forward with his eyes trained on his lips, and he considered that his cue.  When he pulled away the prince looked hurt.
They meet shadows at the entrance of the cave, and Castiel can sense around twenty Djinn in the vicinity.  Oliver’s eyes glow as he walks in, to illuminate the way, and Castiel knows that his own eyes are capable of shining even brighter, of burning, but he feels no need to demonstrate this. He follows Oliver, and they pass a large room with a long table piled with food.  Anyone else would not have noticed this, but Castiel does even though they are not moving slowly, and he barely glances around as they do so.  He has excellent vision.  They eventually arrive at a door, which Oliver knocks on, or rather, taps on, timidly.
The truth is that he has had the time, but he likes to think that since they were busy checking in with everyone, those that had simply stopped existing for a little while, that it was just best for him to wait.  That it made sense he had yet to acknowledge Castiel’s final words to him before what was hopefully his last death.  Dean isn’t actually sure if he considers it a death.  If he went to Heaven, that wouldn’t necessarily mean he was dead, right?  Regardless, even if Castiel did not die that day, a great part of
Dean lifted Castiel’s hand to his lips, to kiss his knuckles.  “That’s what it means.  You know?  If that’s okay.”
Thankfully, no one had fit the shoe yet.  The next people that came in made Castiel's jaw drop, though.
With his whole world standing in front of him, Dean had to hope that he wouldn't be forced to lose it all.
It is a good thing that he is an exceptional multitasker, or else he would never be leaving the store, stuck wandering down the aisles, getting lost in them in addition to his thoughts.  When he was raised from the Empty, and Dean had not mentioned his confession, he took it for what it was.  Dean was being kind.  And was this not one of the man’s characteristics that Castiel found so dear?
This high was not disturbed until later that day when they stopped by a gas station to both get gas and to get snacks.  Dean was the one getting the snacks, of course, as Cas wandered around the car a little, just to be putting his legs to use.
The two kept flirting with Dean and talking about their supposedly sad lives, and about a war that happened in their old kingdom, and their father had died, and...
This was actually Dean’s first time really getting involved with a guy in some way.  He knew he’d liked them for a while, but his dad.  His dad. That was why.  Following Sam to this party, it had been like a breath of fresh air.  It was his first moment of really understanding that for a long time, he had been suffocated.  And he didn’t want to feel like that anymore.
There were moments, when Dean was laughing with his brother, that Castiel saw someone who was not an entirely different man from the one that he worked under, but another layer of him.  And, well, Castiel overheard things.  Like the sound of King John raising his voice at Dean, mirroring the way that Dean did it to him.
"Sit," he said.  Of course, Dean obeyed.  They were incredibly close.  Cas placed his hand gently on top of Dean's.  The hunter's heart filled with hope and without thinking about it he let his thumb lightly caress Cas's hand.
So Castiel did not hate Dean for the way he treated him, not even a little.  He found himself feeling for him, and wishing he could do something to make him feel better, to bring out that smile he saw so rarely.
Castiel was not responding.  His eyes were still closed, and his body was still as he was lifted up from the chair, wings dragging on the floor.  Dean grunted as he tried to keep him balanced, before just picking him up, one arm under his thighs and the other over his lower back.  In an ideal situation, Castiel would have his arms around Dean’s neck, and his legs wrapped around his waist.  This was not an ideal situation.  Dean still managed to hold him.  It was the best way he could think of to do so while creating the smallest amount of pressure on the angel’s wings as possible.
Castiel just kept staring at him, the way he used to.  There was no empty mask on his face, that blank expression that he’d tried to have recently whenever he was met with Dean.  Castiel felt overwhelmed with how much he’d missed Dean.  He’d missed him so much, and being in his arms now, feeling how solid he was, he knew that they would be happy.  He knew they were in love.  He knew he wanted to go home, his real one.  That really, he was already home.
Cas thought that this, Lisa, was what he wanted.  Cas arranged this for him, believing that he couldn’t possibly have Dean.  Loving Dean, just wanting him to be happy.  Regardless of who he was with, or if that meant Cas himself would probably be alone.  Maybe he’d have Jack at least, Dean wasn’t sure.
As a response, Castiel threw his arms around Dean and kissed him.  Their lips had only been touching for two seconds when Dean moaned and put both of his hands in Castiel's hair.  He let his fingers weave through it and the other man happily hummed against his mouth.  Dean smiled and murmured, "It's so fluffy."
Dean swam in lazy circles beneath Benny’s boat, surfacing every thirty minutes or so for air. He had been scaring up a variety of fish for Benny, chasing them into the fishing nets. Benny had shown him pictures of the fish he wanted and the ones he didn’t. When he had started helping Benny out, Benny had asked what Dean wanted in return.
When Charlie reached the lobby, she was a little surprised to see Sam sitting behind the front desk, bent over a map and making marks with a Sharpie. She smiled awkwardly as she approached him. She cleared her throat and Sam looked up. ‘Hey,’ she said, waving her hand.
The next day, everyone was gathered at the table for breakfast. Anna and Balthazar were keeping a close eye on Castiel, and Gabriel desperately wanted to see everyone’s  reactions.
Dean opened the door to his room. Castiel wished him goodnight and kept heading down the hallway. ‘Cas?’
have tried saving Jess, instead of focusing on Sam. But Sam was with him now. He could keep an eye on Sam. Keep him on the right path. Make certain that he made the right choice in the end. It did not help that Sam was a constant reminder of the brother he once knew. Lucifer, brave and beautiful, so loving, and always questioning Father.
‘Sorry,’ Bobby apologized. ‘But it’s the truth. Besides, you would have been too old for their tastes anyway.’
Gabriel looked out the window of the room he would be sharing with Castiel for the time being. He stared longingly at the bungalows across the lagoon—mere blobs in the distance, but he knew what they were. How they sat on wooden stilts in the middle of the water. He desperately wanted that luxury to be his own. Sighing, he let his gaze fall down to the dirt path that led to the front of the small hotel.
Dean shrugged and tapped his fingers on the wood of the pier. ‘Yeah, you caught me… Just out havin’ some fun and uh…had to hide when you showed up.’
With Mary's death, John took up the title of Hunter. He needed to find the demon that killed Mary and avenge her death. His two sons were living the life that every young boy wanted. Traveling, seeing the world, and hunting monsters. John quickly earned a name for himself. He was an excellent Hunter. And he did it all without the aid of an angel. At least, that was what the outside world saw. What Sam and Dean saw was another story. Their father was desperate to find an angel. An angel would be able to help him track down the demon that killed his wife.
‘What?’ Dean glanced up and frowned at Castiel. He reran what he had said through his head, but wasn’t able to find anything wrong with it. He shrugged it off as Castiel shook his head. He figured that if he ever said anything
Dean smiled incredulously up at Sam. ‘No way! I thought she just moved to the southern…uh… What word do I use?’
‘What? No, you haven’t!’ Dean argued. ‘Sure, you’ve been kinda annoying, but… Well, you’ve made me feel so…so special. I don’t get much of that, so it kinda balances out, I guess.’ He laid his head on Castiel’s knee and smiled up at him.
Dean nodded in agreement as he looked out the window. He regretted not getting his kissing buddy’s phone number. Not that it mattered. He and Sam would be out of the country by nightfall.
Dean frowned at the prospect. ‘I don’t think he’d do that. Sure, he’s really into exploring my body right now, and he’s got lots of questions, but… No. He wouldn’t do that. He’s my
They stayed like that until Dean's phone rang. Dean jumped and pulled his phone out, reading Sam's name on the small screen. He cleared his throat and plastered a big smile on his face before answering. 'Sammy! Hey, I was just on my way.'
‘I don’t know who has your contract. Not me, and not Anna. That’s all I know,’ Balthazar said, shutting the door.
Dean hoped his confusion didn’t show as he watched Crowley and Jody share a kiss. He glanced at Castiel and found no indication of anything strange having been said. None of his TV shows had prepared him for the oddity that was humanity. As outrageous as the television characters were, he was finding real humans to be even moreso—they were just more subtle about it, and it was sometimes hard for him to keep up.
‘Cas. Cassie. Hey, Cassie-belle!’ Balthazar tapped his glass on the table in front of Castiel to get his attention. He grinned when Castiel’s head shot up and the notebook snapped shut loudly. ‘Welcome back.’
Sam began to walk around the desk just as Gabriel was picking himself up. He clipped the corner as he was distracted by the way Gabriel’s cut-offs rode up his ass. He clutched the desk, unable to pull his eyes away.
Castiel ducked his head and hugged himself. He looked up when an arm wrapped around his shoulders. Dean had taken Gabriel’s seat and was send Crowley a challenging stare.
Dean grinned at Sam. ‘Such a long list, isn’t it? All the ones I could have saved, but didn’t bother with. How many hunts did we go on where there could have been no casualties? If I had just said one word?’
real, then…would that outweigh the stigma of being on Gabriel’s show? A new species. It would certainly be more fun to be back in the water instead of being stuck behind a desk… He could always work on a personal project on Gabriel’s dime if it didn’t pan out. ‘I’ll do it,’ he heard himself say.
Gabriel fumbled with the CD case as he picked up his suitcase. What was he supposed to do? Should he give the disc to Castiel? Should he even
‘Your ex seemed to like finding out,’ Dean said hesitantly. ‘Do you really think everyone else is going to care that much?’
‘It’s Cas,’ Gabriel weakly replied. ‘Nothing big…just a couple light bulbs. Anna probably said something. She’s good at that.’ He looked up at Sam uncertainly.
Dean crossed his arms. He hadn't been tempted to abuse his power over the bond yet, not until that moment. The text had to be about him. 'Will you tell me later?' he asked.
Muffin finished and hopped off the bed to sit in the window, and Castiel pushed himself up onto his elbows. He looked around the room in dismay. It was still a mess from when he had torn everything apart, searching for the contract. He felt a pang of guilt, but refused to clean the room. He looked at the other bed, finding it vacant, and wondered how long Gabriel would be avoiding him.
He sighed and looked over at Dean, who was still asleep. He wondered if he should wake the Hunter. He settled on pulling out his phone and sending a text. As he waited for a reply, he watched Dean sleep.
Gabriel was fanning himself with Samandriel’s notebook as he sat on a bench, looking out at the lagoon. It had started drizzling again, and Charlie had to leave due to her ‘condition.’ He knew it was bullshit. She didn’t have a skin condition. She just didn’t want her hair to frizz. The last time he had called her out on it, he had ended up with large bruise on his arm and glue in his hair product. He whined when Samandriel reclaimed the notebook.
‘No! I’m not…’ Castiel backed away as Gabriel drew closer. He glanced around the room, feeling annoyed at how everyone was just watching the pair in amusement. It was bad enough that he had been wrangled into doing drunken rants, but he would not let Gabriel manipulate him into doing drag for his show. He needed to cut this line of thought immediately, and he only knew of one topic that would work quickly and effectively. ‘Michael and Lucifer know about mermaids!’ he shouted.
Lucifer smiled widely and nodded. ‘Very true. But…I will need you leave your Hunter. I have a car waiting just outside the front gate.’
Castiel sat at the foot of Dean’s bed. He waited patiently while Dean drew a few symbols onto the door in chalk.
Sam smiled at Gabriel as he lay next to him. ‘So you liked that?’ he asked as he trailed his fingers over Gabriel’s wings. He dug deeper, feeling around where each wing connected to Gabriel’s back.
Dean suddenly felt very self-conscious of his own tattered wings that would never heal, so he kept them well hidden. How did a lowly soldier end up with such beautiful wings? It made him so angry and jealous. He lashed out the only way he could. He lashed out like a human. Bullets did nothing, but he didn't care. He wasn't thinking straight.
Dean found Sam waiting for him inside the small motel room. 'Ready to head out?' he asked, as nonchalantly as he could manage.
Anna made to follow, but Karen stood in her way. Karen gave Anna an even stare and handed her a plate of food.
'Sorry, I already promised him we'd help,' Sam said a little too cheerfully for Dean's taste. 'Besides, I thought we could use a break from demons and hunting.'
paying, right? Cas didn’t just say that?’ Gabriel asked Crowley with a suspicious frown. ‘I better not get stuck with the bill. Again.’
. They don’t believe in…’ He sighed as he ran his eyes over Dean’s naked form. ‘They don’t believe in creatures like you.’
‘The building’s warded against most of Gabriel’s tampering,’ Anna explained. She looked to Crowley and tilted her head in question. ‘If we could get to the warding…it could potentially tip this fight in our favor.’
Castiel looked up from his scribblings and stared at Benny in wonder. ‘Really? Thank you! Thank you so much!’
‘You understand each other,’ Karen said softly in realization, her eyes drifting to just past Anna’s shoulder. Anna remained silent, but she continued.  ‘His wing color… Your
‘Unfortunately,’ Castiel said as he pushed off the door and approached Dean, ‘I don’t have any money… Maybe we could,’ he ran his hands along Dean’s chest and settled them on top of the pizza box, ‘work something out?’
Dean laughed and leaned against the wall for support. ‘You told him we haven’t done that much yet, right?’
Sam chose to keep his mouth shut. Especially when a certain angel's leg draped itself across his lap.
!’ Gabriel huffed and crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at the ladder and Sam’s feet. ‘And now Bal’s tryin’ to get back with him!’
Castiel slowly spread his wings, drawing out the sensations the cuff was giving him. He whined as he fully extended them, displaying every feather for Dean to see. He gasped as Dean very lightly caressed the length of his right wing. His arms shook as he dropped his head, panting for breath as Dean carefully ran his fingers along the other wing.
Sam waved at Charlie. ‘Head down the beach about half a mile. There’s a…good spot.’ He didn’t hear Charlie’s reply as Gabriel opened the door to his room, and he was dragged inside.
. They can have blurry photos and mysterious sonar readings. I’m already a laughing stock. I don’t have a career to ruin.’
Crowley was met with three confused stares. He tilted his head slightly. He gave a short, disbelieving laugh as he shook his head. ‘You don’t know, do you?’
Dean ran a hand through his hair. ‘Well… I was kinda worried you were like the rest of your family,’ he admitted.
‘Are you sure that’s wise?’ Castiel asked, glancing from Sam to Dean. He grimaced when he noticed that Dean was primping in front of a mirror.
‘It’s just copy and paste, right? You’re moving stuff from a disc to the computer. Shouldn’t take that long,’ Gabriel said as he watched Balthazar.
The emotions slotted into place for Castiel. He would have spoken to Dean earlier had he known everything would have been this simple. All the knots were slowly unraveling, and he could begin to trace where some of Dean’s stronger feelings lead—a great bit of annoyance was set aside just for Gabriel, and there was a strong love for Sam.
need to talk about it. If I’m gonna be on Gabriel’s show, and we’re gonna be together, then we… We need to figure this all out. Preferably
‘Trust me, I’m being nowhere near as rude as a dolphin,’ Dean said as he held his hand out to Castiel and helped him into the tub.
‘It doesn’t have to be wrong,’ Castiel replied as he loosened his wings. He offered Dean an uncertain smile. ‘I’m just a little different. There’s nothing wrong with that, right?’
Dean looked over as movement caught his eye, and his smile grew wider. Crowley had been right—it looked like all Castiel really needed was a good night’s sleep. Castiel
Gabriel laughed. 'Yeah, I remember hearing shouting through the door. Didn't he threaten to wring your scrawny little neck if you ever got cuffed?' he asked with a smirk.
‘I can see that!’ Balthazar glared at Dean as the other bent over to grab a pair of discarded jeans.
‘I don’t know!’ Benny shouted. He took a deep breath and gave Dean an apologetic look. ‘I don’t know. You look fine. You look…normal.’
‘What? No!’ Castiel quickly shook his head. ‘Archangels… Gabriel does it all the time with…with Father. It’s uh…er…a display of power,’ he said, stumbling over his words. ‘I shouldn’t be capable of… What’s
Casitel sighed in frustration. Crowley was going to find out sooner or later. ‘I’ve met someone, and he has expressed interest in seeing me in it…’
Sam stared on in shock. Why couldn’t Karen sense what Crowley was? And, for that matter, why did the demon’s eyes look human? Was he possessing some poor human? And, if that was the case, why were Castiel and Gabriel perfectly fine with it?
Sam waved Dean over as he headed to the partially opened door next to his closet. ‘C’mon. I’ll explain toilets and save you some of the embarrassment of figuring it out on your own.’
theme was playing. Very loudly, and a little too close to Castiel’s ear. He rolled over, ignoring the tune as he snuggled against Dean’s chest. Dean. Dean the mermaid. Or merman, rather. He still couldn’t quite believe it. He felt better when he didn’t actively think about it—unless he was completely focused on studying Dean’s marine features.
‘So can you,’ Balthazar pointed out, turning away. ‘This may be a minor setback, but I haven’t given up.’
Lucifer shrugged as he crossed out what he had just written. ‘I would say… It’s worth the risk. Just don’t put him in a position of power, and he’s easy to deal with.’
Gabriel groaned in frustration. He stared at the engine and frowned. He could feel traces of Balthazar’s energy lingering. ‘What’s wrong with your car?’
‘One…? Oh. Oh!’ Gabriel’s eyes darted down, remembering what Castiel had told him. ‘This is gonna sound weird, but… Um… Er… Fuck. What’s your cock look like?’
‘Not an oyster,’ Sam said in amusement. ‘I never dwelled on how it works… I’d say ask your brother.’ He leaned over the edge of the tub and touched Gabriel’s cheek. ‘Everything’s gonna be okay,’ he promised.
Sam shook his head and looked at the silent angel waiting in the hallway. For Gabriel's supposed brother, the two looked nothing alike. Dark hair, blue eyes, black wings... 'Why are your wings black?' he asked. Nothing he had read or heard of had ever mentioned black wings.
After a good hour of being yelled at, Bobby saved the boys by presenting Karen with a beautiful gold ring that had the new binding spell engraved on it. He had even presented it on one knee. Bobby could not recall a time he had seen his angel so happy.
Sam opened the door to find Gabriel smiling up at him. ‘Gabe, this really isn’t a good time,’ he said quietly.
Dean looked to where Castiel was pointing and nodded. ‘Sure. If you don’t mind it getting’ dropped.’
‘You may wish to burn this,’ Castiel said as he dropped the shirt he held onto Gabriel’s lap. ‘Along with everything else in Sam’s closet. We found snow globes and tacky knickknacks. They don’t even qualify as kitsch.’
Gabriel gasped and sagged as the cuff’s spell ended. He wrapped his wings tightly around himself as he cried into his hands. ‘Don’t tell anyone. Please don’t tell anyone!’ he begged. ‘Don’t let them kill him. Don’t let them take him from me! He’s all I have left!’
‘I finally have something in common with my brother, and he’s managed to out-whore me,’ Gabriel complained before taking a long swig of his drink. ‘Something’s wrong with me. Sam, what’s wrong with me?’ he asked, tilting his head back as Sam passed by, collecting empty glasses.
Dean breathed in sharply as Castiel’s head came free from the shirt. Short, dark hair stuck out in every direction. Dean wanted to touch it, to feel it beneath his fingers. He swallowed and didn’t move when Castiel leaned in close, inches from his face.
Dean pulled the car into Pamela's driveway. 'Trust me, Pam. You don't wanna know the things I've done.'
Dean opened his eyes and groggily stared at the messy brown hair pressing into his chest. ‘You okay there, Cas?’
‘Come, now, Castiel,’ Lucifer said as he sat next to Castiel. ‘Don’t be like this. I’ve done everything to make you comfortable.’
‘You’d rather swim there,’ Castiel said. ‘Naked. I distinctly remember you saying you were skinny dipping.’
There was no reason for his heart to be beating so quickly. It was just an email. It was just business. He nodded to himself and set to work.
‘Yeah,’ Gabriel quietly replied. ‘I didn’t fake it. I swear! I was in Bora Bora, doin’ some preliminary photos for the show. I didn’t even think it was something weird when I took the picture. Thought a shark was swimming by or something. And that’s not the only one…but it’s the clearest photo I got.’
kinda long. Hey! It looks like I’m not wearing pants!’ He noticed the broken glass on the floor and stooped to pick up the pieces. He heard a choked sound come from behind him as he gathered up the larger pieces. He looked back and saw Sam rummaging in the first-aid kit and Charlie staring at his ass. ‘Something wrong?’ he asked as he stood up and dropped the glass on the desk.
‘She’s lying,’ Dean said as Castiel set his shirt on a nearby rock. ‘She just wants to see your ass.’
Gabriel smiled up at Sam. ‘Yeah! Long, scaly thing that’s been sighted around the island for the past few months.’
‘Do you like that?’ Dean asked, and Castiel nodded. ‘You like showing me your wings? Letting me touch them? Showing them off…like a little peacock attracting a mate?’
He pulled away and slowed as he drew up next to the older pier. He could still remember how the weathered wood felt under his hands…beneath his back… He shook his head hard, reminding himself that it was just a drunken fantasy. He really needed to stop drinking so much. He wasn’t in college anymore. No more going to class high or hung over. He was an adult. He had responsibilities. He needed his wits about him if he was going to survive this ordeal.
‘Cas!’ Gabriel’s confused feelings about Charlie vanished as he took in his brother—completely absorbed with making notes in a battered and water-splotched notebook. ‘How’re ya’ doin’?’
knew what sort of motel they were staying in—the kind that catered to Hunters and the hourly crowd—but how could they explain it to the two angels without giving the wrong impression?
Dean sat up and crossed his arms. He tried to control his fins. Benny wasn’t challenging him. He was just looking out for him. ‘I don’t think he’d do that,’ he said quietly.
Sam stiffened and quickly looked down. ‘She’s…there was a shark,’ he said quietly. ‘Wasn’t there when it happened.’
Gabriel stuck out his hand. ‘Hand it over,’ he said. He dropped his suitcase and reached for Balthazar’s bag when the other made no move to retrieve the sex tape. ‘Give it here, or you’re fired!’
‘I’d like it if you were there, too,’ Castiel said before placing his hand behind Dean’s neck and pulling him down for a soft kiss. He smiled as he pulled back. ‘You’re so…different.’
Dean licked his lips and decided to push his luck. ‘It seems like you’re the only one that’s not into this show. Spot, uh…Charlie loves it. She says it’s the best job she’s had in a long time,’ he said. ‘So… I say, do the show. Have fun. Charlie said she could justify having an assistant, so
Sam blushed under the attention and gave Jody a friendly smile. ‘That’s not the kind of image we’re trying to promote,’ he said. ‘But I’m sure there are a few of our regulars that wish it was.’
Gabriel smiled easily as he nodded. ‘That boat next our rental, right?’ Sam nodded, and his smile dropped a little. ‘Is that thing…safe?’ he asked, recalling the older boat that was tied up next to their own. It was barely as big as the rental, and looked a little worse for the wear.
Azazel was going to make a move on Sam. Damage and corrupt him. Manipulate him into Lucifer's perfect vessel. It all centered on Sam's girlfriend. The date was coming up. How could he protect Sam? It would be suspicious if he suddenly popped up and killed off every demon on campus. It would draw too much attention from the demons. And if the demons were readying to make their move, then the angels wouldn’t be far behind.
Castiel shifted his wings, and Dean pulled him more tightly against his chest. Castiel’s heart sped up. He slowly brought his hands up between them and rested them on Dean’s bare chest. Dean didn’t wake up, so Castiel gently pressed his lips against Dean’s chest. He felt a pang of regret. Dean was quickly running out of time. They had agreed to a week. It was already the third day, and Dean had made no progress. He had no idea of what to do. How could he help Dean?
He remembered how it was easier for Dean to transform with his tail laid straight. He stood and joined Dean on the landing. Leaning down, he looped his arms under Dean and tried to drag him up a few steps, stumbling in the process.
Dean stared at Castiel in horror. ‘That’s a shitty ending! Who came up with that?!’ He huffed indignantly when Castiel began laughing. He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms as he leaned back against the couch, torn between embarrassment and loving the sound of Castiel’s laughter. He jumped when a hand lightly caressed his chest.
‘That explains why he reeks of cologne,’ Anna said. ‘You told him getting back with Cas is a bad idea, right?’
Disappointment filled Dean, and he leaned back against his pillow. His face scrunched up as he thought about what Castiel had said about flirting. ‘Were you trained for sex?’
Castiel blushed and looked away. He wanted to. He wanted to sleep, wrapped tightly in Dean’s arms. To let Dean hold him and whisper away any doubts he had. He swallowed as Dean approached him. ‘I…’
Castiel spun around and pressed back against the car as much as he could. He could feel his cheeks heat up. ‘H-hello, Dean.’
manage to reach you.’ Lucifer gently lifted Castiel’s chin. ‘Castiel, you will not leave this spot. You will remain where you are, and if anyone that is not me approaches you, you are to smite them.’
Karen looked up from her magazine as the bell on the lobby door chimed. She smiled as Castiel and a young man she didn’t recognize entered. ‘Change your mind?’ she asked.
'Son of a bitch!' Dean emerged from the woods, brushing leaves and twigs from his person. He froze in his ministrations and looked up at Castiel like a deer caught in headlights.
right now!’ Castiel shouted. He set down his gear at the edge of the pier and looked around in desperation. ‘Where is it?’ he mumbled.
‘Everything, apparently!’ Castiel turned and almost started walking onto the pier, but stopped himself as he realized he would be trapped. He needed to get away. He needed to hide. In the distance he could hear his name being shouted. He turned around to shout back at Balthazar. ‘Just fuck…’ He quickly trailed off when he noticed that Balthazar wasn’t even looking at him, and his name was still being shouted. He looked to where Balthazar was staring and froze.
‘Kinda diggin’ the view from up here. How’s about you do a little backstroke?’ Gabriel said with a laugh, covering up the nervous strain in his voice. ‘Besides, sea water and clothes aren’t the best mix. Makes me chafe.’
‘I’m not giving you a choice,’ Crowley said in an exasperated tone. ‘You begin tomorrow. Anna, do what you have to. If you need any targets, I’ll arrange for them to be sent.’
‘We already spoke to him, Gabriel,’ Sam said as he stroked his angel’s hair. ‘Michael’s not going to kill Crowley
‘We dress ourselves up and lie,’ Castiel said bitterly. ‘I’ve lied to everyone about who I really am. I’m
‘A lot better than human me,’ Dean admitted. ‘How can you stand i—oh!’ He bit off a cry as Castiel’s fingers pressed along the sides of his slit, and he slipped down, sending Castiel falling forward onto his chest.
Gabriel stumbled and tried to catch the vase, failing miserably as he hit the ground and the vase shattered.
‘Doesn’t take much,’ Dean replied. ‘I’m ridin’ a damned good high of demon energy myself right now. Only reason I’m able to keep it together is the thought of Sammy…’
‘Better than coffee,’ Gabriel replied. He bit his lip at the sight of Sam smiling up at him from between his thighs. ‘You can wake me up with a blowjob anytime you want. You make an amazing alarm clock.’
Dean stared at the cat. None of the shows he had seen had a cat on them. A few mentioned cats, but this was the first time he had seen one. He handed the bag of scuba gear to Castiel and knelt down to get a closer look.
Karen let the blades vanish. ‘Good choice.’ She looked back at Anna. ‘And that was your one warning, dear.’
Dean left Sam at a motel just outside of a small town. He was thankful that Sam didn’t question him when he said he’d be back by morning. He let Sam think it was stress over being reminded of Hell and losing a relationship with Anna—was he really that much of a horndog? Yeah. He was. He had his vices.
Dean opened his arms wide and grinned at the man in the tan over coat. ‘Liebling!’ he happily greeted.
‘You kids may have grown up around this shit, but you didn’t have to join up,’ Bobby replied. ‘They…they’re selected. They get their first mission around the age of ten. Not anything easy like surveillance… Straight up assassination.’
Balthazar pulled up short when he looked up from his camera and his eyes fell on Sam. ‘Hello, Charlie’s friend,’ he greeted.
Dean spat up more blood and whined lowly as he curled more into himself. That was it. There wasn’t much left anymore. He wouldn’t be able keep his vessel alive any longer. Maybe a couple hours if he was lucky. Slowly, he looked up at Bobby. ‘Sorry,’ he whispered.
Castiel laughed as he stood up. ‘How about a movie, then? The kitchen’s pretty well-stocked, so… We’ll have that coffee then some popcorn.’
‘Clothes, bathrooms, money… Basic stuff, I guess,’ Dean replied. ‘A lot of it I already knew from TV.’
Gabriel ushered Castiel back to the other bed. Specks of blood were already staining his brother’s shirt around a small tear. He lifted the shirt and hissed at the sight that greeted him. His eyes were drawn downward to the tattoo that was peeking over the edge of Castiel’s jeans. How did his baby brother manage to keep so many things secret from him?
to do it. He got sick of being tortured himself. And wasn't that the reason souls went to Hell? To be tortured?
The song faded into more of a low hum, and Castiel turned to face Sam and Bobby. He frowned at the pained expressions the humans wore. ‘He was singing,’ he explained. ‘You may not fully understand, but…to hear Dean…
‘How long can you hold your breath?’ Dean asked as he stared at Castiel’s balls. They looked so strange to him. Everything was external. It made no sense. It was weird.
‘While I…while I was in his head, I saw…’ Gabriel turned so that he was straddling the window sill. His eyes kept darting up to meet Sam’s then away. ‘Dean’s gonna make him a new cuff,’ he said quietly. ‘Go back to the way things were…’
When Bobby returned home, he automatically assumed it was Dean who had caught the angel. He tried not to laugh at Sam's dumb luck and the irritated face Dean was making when the situation was explained to him.
‘Against my better judgment, I vouched for Crowley,’ Dean said as he looked at the door. ‘Why did you…?’
Gabriel rubbed Castiel’s back soothingly. ‘Hey…you’re doing me a big favor here,’ he said. ‘If…if this really does ruin your career, then…I’ll take care of you. Your horoscope said good things are coming.’
‘And your brother didn’t have anything that would work?’ Benny asked as Dean handed him the scales. He was surprised at how tough the scales actually were, and he had a little trouble making the holes.
Castiel shifted uncomfortably at the images Dean was sending him. Cakes declaring ‘Congrats on the killing!’ littered his mind. ‘He’s just upset that Mother made a cake when I hadn’t actually had a breakthrough.’
‘You said “dragon.” We’re calling it “serpent,” remember?’ Samandriel said, shaking his journal at Gabriel.
‘Please forgive Gabriel’s behavior,’ Castiel said. It was his automatic response for when his brother turned to rudeness around other angels. He looked up at Balthazar. ‘But, I do agree with him. Your help is neither needed nor wanted. We’re not helpless.
All eyes turned to Karen, and she puffed her wings slightly. ‘We’ve never had a problem until you. And, yes, I should have kept a closer eye on those two,’ she said, indicating Anna and Balthazar. ‘But I did a sweep of the property after finding out about you, and the only tampering that’s been done has been on the main path leadin’ up to here. My home
Dean pulled back, admiring the shy smile Castiel gave him. ‘Sure thing,’ he promised. ‘Now, let’s test that flexibility of yours.’
‘I’ll say,’ Castiel moaned. ‘I have whipped cream and a list of my favorite porns,’ he said as he lifted his shopping bag. He groaned as Balthazar nipped at his neck. ‘H-here…’ He held out the bag to Dean.
Dean doesn’t look away from the woman for a whole ten seconds. He seems amazed at her appearance. But eventually the green eyes twitch towards Castiel.
In the surprisingly short time it takes for the place to empty, Castiel can’t think of a good reason to get rid of Sam while he interrogates the demon by himself. He suggests Sam walk out with the last DMV employees just to be sure they stay out, and to hold any other law enforcement agents at bay, but Sam immediately turns around and suggests Castiel do that and let him ‘crack’ the demon by himself. They’re still arguing about who should leave when the demon in the devil trap starts to rant and rave, having gotten tired of waiting.
These humans, these interesting, kind people...his way of seeing them had changed in the past few weeks. He’d always been their guardian, responsible for their protection, but in truth, he’d been more concerned about their souls first and foremost, and then their safety, their overall health and numbers. But these weren’t faceless humans anymore. Bobby had invited Castiel into his home because the older man loved Dean like a son. Ellen had given him a look of surprised approval last Sunday when Castiel ate all of the savory pie she’d made (Dean had coached him on table manners). Rufus treated him like someone ordinary, it was strangely refreshing. Jo had given him that small crooked smile tonight, and Sam and Dean had shared a look of warmth and happiness that had included him when she’d finally unbent a little. All of these things could have been extinguished two days ago. Assassination? Murder? Sin? There had to be a worse name for the crime that had almost happened here, it should have a name that would make the stars cry out in horror.
The rod rams into the gun’s barrel a little harder than usual. “I’m just saying, Cas, I’m getting a funny vibe off all this extra-curricular hunting you’re doing, and if you’d stop for just a second, I think you would too.”
Now Castiel has picked up that torch in his new mortal form, and with considerably more intent. It’s not theoretical anymore; he’s seen the devastation these creatures cause, the depraved sins, the rotting corpses of the possessed, the bereaved families, the pain and terror, no longer from the bird’s eye view of an angel but down here in the trenches of mortality. Castiel destroys demons not because of an absent father’s command or for duty or divinity, he destroys them because he really doesn’t like them very much.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” says Dean expansively, though he’s relaxed very abruptly for someone who seems so very sure of himself now, to the point where he almost drops his coronet. There’s a bit of fumbling and Castiel’s awkward assistance almost sends the gold circlet flying, but then it’s once more in Dean’s grasp. Dean inspects it carefully as if he’s unfamiliar with it. They’re still not moving any closer to Dean’s pavilion, and the silence, lingering, seems to grow denser as Dean glances his way and then back at the crown.
She looks at him probingly in return. “I see. I… see. Tell me, dear, have you tried any other means of removing that Mark?”
For some reason it was here and now, with Maurice trying hard not to stare, and that poor dame hightailing out of the junction with her pot firmly clenched in her arms, that it was really sinking in. How much his life had just flipped over like a griddle cake last night, alienating him from everything and everyone he’d previously known.
But Cas is already shaking his head. “No, no, listen to me. You’re committing a scientist’s cardinal sin, you’re letting prejudice blind you to all angles of the problem, all possible solutions. This is the gentle way forward. Our communities are simpler than the Old World we admire, yes, it’s rougher and it’s crude at times, but it’s
This fic made me browse through so many survivalist sites to figure out what crude technology our society would have after Shit Hits The Fan, that now google will eternally have me flagged as a nutjob who’ll only be interested in ads on personalized bunkers, canned food and self-made toilet paper. My hobby takes me to strange places...
“...Right.” Dean isn’t great at handling this sort of thing. Beta instincts come to his rescue. If there is something troubling his omega (that is, his pack’s omega- you know what he means) then remove it. “So, you don’t need me for this bit, right? I’ll take Charlie with me and go for a walk.”
Dean grits his teeth as molten pain lances up and down his right arm, until every bone from wrist to shoulder aches with it. Around the edges of the table, protective runes designed to cushion the blowback from the Mark crackle and smoke, making Dean’s eyes water.
“You look different in jeans and stuff,” Dean says out of the blue, as if the incoming traffic had distracted him enough for that unattended comment to slip out. "Not that you didn't look very good in the suit- very- I mean- right."
Ben burst out into an incoherent noise of fury. “I’m not- Agh! Just go back to your stuffy old kingdom and DIE ALREADY!”
“Bobby tried to get me to tell him too. His reason is more rational: if I get hit in the head and forget, somebody else should know as a caution. Seems a stretch, but I do get hit in the head a good deal.”
“Uh, Dean, you’re going to change. I mean physically.” Sam gives Dean’s stomach a significant look. Then he shakes himself. “Why not tell him? He’s not the same angel he was back when we met Jesse, Cas would help us this time around.” He meets Dean’s hard stare, licks his lips. “I...I think.”
“Oh, that. Yeah, happened during the battle. I got cornered like an idiot and poisoned like a roach.” Dean rolls his eyes in self-deprecation, but then a warm smile takes its place. “If you heard about that, you’ll have also heard about my angel, right? Uh, Cas? You okay? Here, I’ll get you some water.”
“But you know, let’s not fiddle with the leash’s directives right now, it might prove dangerous. It’s a demon spell, anything can go wrong when you monkey with those. You tell me: Dean, you can kill anyone while we’re in this dimension, and who knows, either I suddenly lose my shit and go on a rampage, or else I lock up and can’t hurt a fly, so, yeah, just keep it like it is. We’ll sort it out on the flipside if we need to.”
The other passengers in the train stare at him with uniformly startled expressions. He’s in England, heading towards the borders of Scotland, and there’s an art to riding trains in this country: proper passengers are expected to not once catch the eye of their fellow travelers or stand out in any way for the entire six hour trip.
Rufus stood up slowly, walked a few paces towards the garden gate and the street. He paused as he passed near Castiel and glanced at him, but only up to his chest.
There’s been times Castiel wished he could have Dean all to himself; no duties, no soldiers, no campaign against demons, no court, no clucking dowager duchess looking at them as if she knows
have been keeping a discreet eye on you two during your trek, in case you ran into more trouble than you could handle. And also to see how you behaved, since that kind of jaunt would have had Romeo and Juliet at each other's throats after a fortnight. But here you are, stuck together like a ship and a barnacle… So, in final, Dean, if you were hoping for an easy annulment of the ol’ matrimonial shackles, you’re out of luck. You and Cas just happen to be made for each other - believe it or not. Dad just made sure you two got together in time to have a wedding instead of a funeral.”
