"How?... There isn't any record... it shouldn't be possible," Cas is staring at DJ and Marion in complete bewilderment.
"Ugh, you don't have to do that!" Dean exclaimed, feeling slightly uncomfortable, and if he's honest with himself, a little scared, ordinary people are not this cheerful.
Comfort and joy
"Why can't I get a break, Cas?" Dean shuts his eyes tight to prevent any tears from falling; he's unsure what emotion he should be feeling right now.
---------------
* * *
"But-"
"Did you find anything?" Cas asked, glancing over at Jack.
Dean, of course, opted to take the couch as even though it could technically fit Sam, it wouldn't really be comfortable. Jack was given the other bedroom because the kid deserves to be comfortable during this trip, that, and he was amazed by the decorations as despite having a Queen sized bed, the room was clearly meant for Santa believing children.
"Still think that this was a waste of time? There was no way that poem is a coincidence." Sam whispered harshly over the snapping.
Billie billowed through the shelves of hundreds of thousands of books stacked in neat rows, stacked in neat rows, all orderly arranged and aligned in a specific order that no one but her was able to determine. Each book held it's own world of wonders and ultimate finish, with some books appearing unfinished, but endings aren't always satisfactory and wrapped in a bow; most are abrupt and unplanned, leaving more questions than answers. Each book holds answers to short and lifelong questions about humanity that had lasted for hundreds of years before this library had even been assembled to aid each new death were their role.
Yet here he was, strolling in the cooling air, in the middle of nowhere, the fresh breeze sending a slight shiver down his spine. The gravel crunched under his feet as he turned onto a winding path that went through the forest of trees, his mind barely registering that this was the way to the beach area. Once he was in the safety of the trees, he let out a breath that could be read as a relief; the Christmas decorations were no longer within his sights. Instead, the path was illuminated by the faint glow of the moon and the dancing fireflies.
"Are you alright?" Cas asked his face, still showing clear signs of concern as Dean straightens himself out to sit upright on the seat, moving slightly away from Cas, so they weren't pressed up against each other.
Ducking into the nearest empty alleyway, Naomi quickly shoves the cylinder into her suitcase and pulls out the journal again. She is surprised to see that when she opened it, the page with the address to the clinic is no longer there. Must be another fail-safe, Amara thought of Naomi mused as she turns to the next available page to read the following instructions.
* * *
"Because of whose grace it is, it would have killed us if it had been any other Angel's grace."
--------
"Do what?"
Before Cas could answer, Sam, cut in, "About 5 1/2 hours, we're about a half-hour out from Baraga County, we agreed that you should sleep for as long as you could, you needed rest."
Amara slightly hesitates, "it's insurance in case you need to bring someone else you trust into the fold later on if you think you won't be able to continue to complete this mission in it's entire. You will only have a certain amount of grace with you when you travel to the past; there is a vial of accumulated grace of yours in a vial already in the suitcase, don't ask how I acquired it, but it will provide one full power boost when you get to the alternate universe, but then that's it. After that, you will be cut off from heaven as you won't be able to reach the one in the alternate universe; I honestly don't know how long the grace will last, I estimate that if you are frugal with it, you will have until the date the children need to return to this world. I know this is a lot to ask, but it's the only way. The talisman will also work for Nephilim do with that information what you will." Amara emphasizes that final sentence.
"So you're Douchbag's Dean's kids?"
Dean took a deep breath and thought deeply about what he wanted, even muttering keywords under his breath before starting to carve into the tree trunk again, only this one, when he was finished, glowed the brightest green of any of the sigils he'd done so far.
"That was part of Chuck's interference; he caught wind that you had gone there a few years after it happened and, I don't know how he does it, wrote it in his script that there was a localized fire? Amara, however, had our guardian go back to the day that you visited and stole... your stuff." Marian expressed slowly trailing off towards the end, becoming a little uncomfortable at the thought of her Father's sperm.
Team Free Will 2.0 work the case, Death finds something out of place, and there is a surprising reveal!
Sam gestures towards the Tv, "We ended up working the case with them since Dean already knew how the episode went in theory and really what else were we going to do. We didn't realize that Cas had been transported as well until be caught up to us, and Dean almost punched in him the face. Cas took the experience in stride, I think, nothing really phases him, but he was a little perturbed to meet Scooby since he was able to talk. Just like in the show, the traps were elaborate, things went wrong, and people need to be saved, and the way things happened deviated slightly from the actual show. Dean was trying to hit on Daphne, but she wasn't having any of it. However, Velma did have a thing to me, which, to be honest, was a little weird. When we finally got out of the show, Dean wouldn't shut up about it for ages; honestly, I think that he was trying to figure out a way to get back there.
In the end, he started with something simple.
"Ya, he is," Cas confirms, "but um.. somethings different, Jack is ah, well, he's been to the garden that's the crossroads of divinity and humanity nobody has been there since the exile, till now, till Jack."
"Cas?"
"Life doesn't discriminate
Two hours later, she observes Dean Winchester finally leaving the building and walking to his car. While it shouldn't have surprised her, the Winchester's appearance was shocking, at least compared to what he looked like the last time she had seen him. It wasn't just that he was over two decades younger, but his soul was lighter and was without scars, having not yet been to Hell. It's curious to think who the man before her would have turned out without God's interference.
1 Wisconsin Swiss Melt
Cas' brought out of his thoughts by Dean changing the subject.
They get out of the car and walk into the building, Dean rolling his eyes at some of the signs donning the doorway.
And will not
Dean wants to ask more about this mystery person, but what right does he have to ask? He's just going to have to believe that the kids know how to spot a lion in sheep clothing. Dean just nods at the kids trying to convey a look of understanding.
1 Wild and Brown Rice Chicken Soup
Death & generations
"Why didn't I get it? Jack asks, finally looking at the brothers, "I mean, my mother died too; why didn't I understand?" Jack pauses, and the brothers look taken aback. "It was my fault," Jack whispers as he starts to cry harder.
"Well, that at least gives us some clue into who we should be looking for, but are you sure it will be the same Nakki hunting?"
"I believe that it is a potato or corn starch processed into flake form, quite clever actually since the starch will dissolve in heavy rain, making it much more eco-friendly than some of the alternatives," Cas explains as he ducks to avoid hitting his head on a giant candy cane.
It was Cas calling to tell them that there was, another attack last night, but the reason we didn't hear about it until mid-morning was that the victim had survived, meaning crime scene investigators compromised the location Dean and the boys were heading to.
"Bobby was also a father to you and Sam. If I remember correctly, he also had issues with his father, which led him to not wanting to have children of his own. Yet, despite all of that, he tried to be a stable force for you and Sam, tried to give you a sense of normalcy whenever he could, like playing football." Cas paused for a moment, trying to choose his words carefully. "He was also caring, tough, firm and didn't hold back when he believed that somebody was doing something wrong, he never left the life, but that didn't stop him from having a family, he did everything he could to prepare and support the two of you, and in the end, he was so proud of the two of you and saw you as heroes, and he did that despite his own Father."
"There are not as many angels now as there once were, and Castiel, while maybe the more suited choice, is not powerful enough, and quite frankly, I cannot see him willing to leave the Winchester's side, especially Dean. You know, I tried to create a bond between Dean and myself originally. Still, he could fight off everything I threw at him even as a cosmic being with god-like power; after reflection and understanding their dynamics, I understand now that it was Castiel that prevented Dean from succumbing to my power. I don't know exactly what Castiel's role will be in the end, but I know enough that he is central to this plot in more ways than one; he wouldn't have the stomach, however, to do what is necessary. Besides, I know that death has her own plan that involves Lucifer's son, which won't be enough power on its own," Amara looks sharply at Naomi. " Before I continue, I need to know if you are in or out because once you're in, there is no turning back or changing your mind; also, I feel I must warn you that this might mean your demise in the future."
Naomi's eyes widen as Amara continues to talk, "simply my brother needs to be stopped, and while I am part of that solution, I cannot do it on my own, and we need the element of surprise which we can now utilize now that my brother is going off script so to speak. I need you because you truly care about God's creations, but you have also have redeemed yourself in the eyes of the Winchester's or rather in the eyes of Castiel, which will be good enough for the brothers. I need someone who understands that the Winchester's are important; they are destructive, yes, but my brother also has had an obsession with them, making them a crucial piece of the puzzle moving forward. Most importantly, I need a strong and capable angel that can do this on their own, who is willing to make the ultimate sacrifices to ensure this mission is completed and that the timeline won't be impacted drastically; this is not something that can be solely fixed by changing the past, it needs to be fixed at a future point. You know God lied to you; you have given everything for him, done everything asked of you, and for what? You aren't the only Naomi that has existed; I am asking you to protect the creation that my brother once held dear because frankly, there isn't anyone else that I can turn to."
"Wait, how do you know?"
When Dean and Cas finally do return, they both look a little rough, but Dean doesn't even have time to say anything before the kids crash into him, giving him a bruising hug before moving on to Cas, leaving his brother and the Angel perplexed but each returning the hugs tightly.
Dean then walks the bunker's halls until he sees Sam leaning against the wall with one of his feet up, starring at one of the doors.
'What was that about,' Dean thought to himself, sitting down behind the wheel as Sam gets in beside him but turns his body around to keep an eye on the strangers in the back of the Car.
Billie observes as the four humans, the angel and the Nephilim pack their respective cars. Interestingly now that they are all acting carefree, at least to an extent, they have their guard down, which is not a good thing but the reality of the two new humans that she can only assume are Winchester's based on their appearance intrigues her.
* * *
Sam looks like he's trying to characterize everything in his brain to file away from later, no doubt, to write down somewhere. However, both of the children would probably be venomously against being written into a bestiary. "So none of the big stuff, healing, teleportation, flying, smiting, wings, immortality, etcetera?"
tol c unal g blans c givi
-----------------
1 Pretzel Bites
“Ya, me too.”
And sit at the canyon’s edge, tucked neat
Wait for it... Wait for it... Wait for it...
"Desk-end-ee-moose ab eye-ray
Cas sits down in the desk chair as Jack gets into bed, he had stopped crying, but his cheeks are still stained with tears, the young man looking more hollow now than he did without his soul.
1 Lemon Ice with Strawberries
"Okay, I'll admit that's a little weird."
"Who's James?"
"The dancing, Christmas sing-along light show! The assistant at the candy shop said that we couldn't miss it!"
"Is the kid okay?" Dean asks Sam as he continues to walk closer before coming to a stop beside his brother.
"What!" Sam and Dean exclaim at the same time.
"Dean, you can calm down, there is no real way of that actually happening, but if by some circumstance we do have to remove her from the empty, we'll just find a way to make sure she goes and stays in hell. I'm sure Rowena would help, especially if it was in Sam's best interest for her to be locked away."
If Cas could blush, he probably would be right now; as it stands, he was just looking at the floor as if it had just become the most interesting thing in the world. Dean's thought process screeched to a halt; he and Cas did not have kids together, except they kind of did; Dean's still waiting for himself to wake up and for everything that has happened in the last day and a half to just be a dream.
"And I spiked the eggnog; I remember Dean. And I'm all for doing it again. Let's hope the overall outcome is different and not let our guard down, though, not when we don't really know what Chuck's up to."
"This town is already too freaking weird," Dean mutters to himself as he walks back to the Impala, which is parked as far away from the front office as possible.
And centuries
"Exactly, and Dean... Dean and Sam do not need something else to worry about right now."
If he wasn't an Angel, he might have thought that Jack was in heaven.
Suddenly Dean tenses, afraid that Sam will take this moment to start a heart to heart moment, but he doesn't. Sam's face shows slight astonishment, no doubt in response to Dean's words and actions, but there is a slight smile and a smile conveying pride.
Underneath the photo reads
"Huh?"
"Nope, we are not talking about this anymore, end of the discussion, those books do not exist, and please, for the love of anybody that's not chuck, do NOT tell Dean you know about the books.
"A harrowing memory, I was paired with a talking dog." Cas deadpans, sending both of the brothers into a small laughing fit, again lightening the mood while Jack looks on in bewilderment.
* * *
The lights begin to dim, and a man dressed up like an elf takes the stage.
So heavy was it in me that all I could do
"You look like you need some sleep," Sam commented.
mow-toos int-air do-oss
Billie just returns Amara's look with her own icy glare.
Song is from Jensen's duo Radio Company - I liked the song and I thought it fit.
* * *
"His soul is back." Cas states as he Dean and Sam continue to look at Jack crying.
"I'm going to go have a drink," Dean says to the room and briskly walks out of the room, walking towards the War room with Sam following close behind.
"There's no place I would rather be," Cas answers truthfully. "I will be here for as long as I'm physically able to; I don't plan to go anywhere." Again with careful word choice, he's not technically lying to Dean, although based on the feeling in his chest, he might as well be.
"You were in my dream." Jack states matter of factly, which catches Dean's attention.
The kid finishes and says a small thank you to the crowd before leaving the stage quickly. Dean exchanges a look with his brother while the crowd starts snapping their fingers for some reason.
"I think they need a new sign person; these suck," Dean said, walking through the front door.
----------------
"By that standard, it would then be rude or unacceptable to try and influence others by omitting or lying about information."
Instead of merely switching places will Sam, Dean kicked Jack into the passenger seat and slid into the back beside Cas, having the ability to stretch out a bit more in the back. Dean rumples a jacket against the window, and he's asleep before Sam pulls back onto the highway, but there is more to fear than a nightmare as sometimes memories are the worst nightmares.
"I can't promise you that everything will one-hundred percent be alright, but we are going to do our best and do everything it takes to ensure that what Marion told us doesn't have to come to pass. If there is one thing I learned from the apocalypse over a decade ago is that plans and situations change, we are already off-script, and there is nothing that has been brought to light that indicates that there isn't a way to save the children." Cas has Dean's full attention, Blue eyes boring into Green, conveying meaning into every last word. "Those children are Winchesters, they are resilient, won't go down without a fight, and if they are anything like their Father will not take anyone's word for it that there isn't a way out of a situation. I said this when I killed Billy before she became Death, but I'll repeat it, this world needs every last Winchester it can get its hands-on, and I will not let any of you die, not as long as I'm alive to do anything about it."
Dean thinks.
"Upset, grieving, but I think with a bit of time and support, he will be okay; he's sleeping in his room now."
-----------------
Dean chooses to ignore the first part of Cas's statement. "Sam was right; we've all done horrible things, we've all had accidents and make mistakes, and it wasn't Jack's fault, not really. Looking at him figure out the world is similar to how I felt seeing Sammy grow up; he's like my kid, he's all our kid, and I need to be better about that even when things go off the deep end, and shit gets hard."
* * *
(See the end of the chapter for
"Billie, you may be Death now, you may understand everything in theory going back to the creation of Death itself, but you don't have much practice. You are going to need every distraction, every weapon, every person you can get your hands on to finally allow this world to be at peace, to be paradise."
"You can then use that experience though to work with Marion and DJ, and you also have the benefit of not having been dead for over thirty years. Ultimately, Mary did everything she did with the two of you in mind, even if some of it was misguided. I have full confidence that you can learn from the past and use the positive experiences that you've had with parental or authority figures to navigate the two kids in there."
There is a comfortable silence for the remainder of the drive, but Dean keeps thinking about the mysterious woman. Is it the same person that visited Jack, was it just his mind playing tricks on him, was it even real. He feels slightly guilty about not telling the other's, but there really wasn't much to know, at least not yet, and what was the woman referring to? He doesn't see what's right in front of him; he scoffs to himself in his head and turns to look out the window at the sunrise, listening to Cas mutter to himself about the Enochian text he was reading.
Dean thinks to himself.
"Right... ya, we should go; I don't want to be stuck having an uncomfortable conversation with my nephew or watching you have to try and do that; it's not like we have a good frame of reference anyway dad just handed us porno mags and condoms and told us not to get anyone pregnant, well I guess we at least don't have to worry about DJ doing that..." Sam trails off looking like he wants to start laughing again.
They've now been waiting for a little over an hour though Dean is glad that they are all separating because it prevents any more backward conversations in the meantime. Sam, of course, had gleefully filled Cas in about the whole situation with DJ much to Dean's embarrassment and annoyance, and Cas had the gull to be amused at the situation. Cas also found it amusing that they immediately went to the worst-case scenario, and all that was 'wrong' was that the kid was in love, Cas' words, not Dean's.
"Wait, what girlfriend?"
Eventually, they pull apart from one another, Dean feeling a little bit lighter than he had. They both turn back to look at the water, watching the reflection of the moon dance amongst the waves.
For a brief moment, Sam thinks that they are still going to leave but end up settling back down on the couch. Jack grabs the remote and turns on the TV, only for Scooby-Doo to pop up on the screen. Sam actually laughs when he recognizes the episode like the one he, Dean, and Cas got sucked into a couple of years ago, he's even watched the episode a couple of times since then, each time it feels like a fever dream.
DJ then decides to enter into the conversation again to answer, "first, the Naomi you met in Heaven had not yet made it to the past; in fact, in this world, Amara would have only sent her back about two weeks ago now. Secondly, while she had many faults, including one's that neither of us," he indicates towards his sister, "truly understand, her focus was on her mission, a mission that she believed would restore heaven and order to the world because God would not do it himself."
"What do you mean kind of? You either are, or you aren't," Sam responds, giving the children a weary look.
"Wha - what were you thinking?" Sam's tone started to come across as accusatory.
Of course, it doesn't really surprise Castiel that Billy wouldn't have or want to have any use for him; after all, he did kill her some time ago, even if that resulted in her being promoted to Death. Dean had been worried and pissed at the time.
"You want to use your sister as bait?" Cas asked, his eyes furrowing in confusion and almost annoyance as if he already knew where this plan was headed.
"Simply, I need your help, but first, I need to know where you stand and how much you are truly willing to give up."
"Goodnight Dean, I'll see you in the morning."
"What. Did. You. Do?"
"Yes, Jack, of course."
"Cas look, it's snowing!" Jack exclaimed, pulling Cas out of his reverie.
1 Chicken Cashew Salad
"Seriously, my brother and I are still connected in some capacity, and while I've blocked him successfully, for now, I have no way of knowing how long that will last. The memory thing was a safeguard; all I have is a note saying that I've put a plan into action and that I should prevent anyone from revealing what I did."
"Why the fuck would she agree to this?" Dean demanded.
Dean's brought out of his reverie by almost running into the two boys that have made an abrupt stop in front of a medium-sized body of water.
"I'm not going to pretend that I know what you're going through because even by our standards, what you've been through is fucked up, but, Cas was right, we aren't going to go down without a fight, and we protect one another, that includes the two of you now," Sam speaks as Jack lets go of his hold on Marion and DJ.
And with a flash of light, Naomi is gone, Amara still lying content in her bed, without a worry or a care, the only sound left is the tv.
Did I just make Dean's son queer before Dean figures out his feelings about Cas? Yes. There are obvious parallels between the couples and I'll be tackling another issue in another way, some of you may be able to guess based on the hints in this and previous chapters.
She looks over the shelves looking for something to be amiss, a perturbed look on her face. If she felt this much of a disturbance, then it must be something that could change anything, which is why she is taken aback at what she finds at the end of the shelf. Two new books added to the end of the shelf, their colour being two-toned, which is concerning because one of the colours match every other book from the Winchester's world while the other one is a few shades different.
"Was your mind wandering?"
"All gone is here today
"What do you mean, Cas?"
* * *
"How's Jack?" Sam asked.
Sitting out at the canyon’s edge,
"In case God comes and tries to get you on his side again, that way, even if he does try to look, there isn't anything to see."
The woman then pulls a crumpled up piece of paper out of her back pocket, "Sorry I didn't memorize this one... as for the title, let's just call it 'Wolves in the Canyon,'
Dean doesn't catch all three of the kids shooting glances as Cas or the slight flinch that Cas exhibits.
He watched as they put the baskets they were carrying on the ground; it was obvious that they were talking and, in Marion's case at least flirting, though he was thankfully far enough away that he couldn't make out what they were saying. His grip on the stone in his hand tightened as he witnessed the Nakki lead Marion into the water after stripping down to their underwear; he's not exactly sure where she's supposed to have a weapon kept. He sees the two of them move waist-deep into the water, and then as the monster leans down to kiss Marion, Marion takes the opportunity while the Nakki is distracted from reaching up to her bun and pulled out the hairpin.
Dean, however, didn't contribute to the conversation, generally, at a loss for what to say, he's basically got his two sons in the back of the car, and he doesn't know how to talk to them, head still reeling with the bombshells that were revealed last night. He eventually tunes them out and lives in his head a bit until his phone starts blaring.
"You were fine for a while before you started to look aggravated in your sleep; you were mumbling something along the lines of 'not again, I don't want to see this again,' I tried to stop it, but I seem not to have enough power right now, and you became peaceful again for another half hour before becoming rigid. I've been trying to wake you up for a couple of minutes." Cas relayed his lips, turning into a deeper frown when he finished talking.
"Fuck I know that; it just hurts, after 30 years, I finally get her back, but she didn't even want to be here because she didn't know where she fit into our world. That hurt more than having her be dead for over three decades, but then she was gone again. It was just a big cosmic game."
"It's no more or less reckless than some of the plans you guys have put in motion," DJ added before taking a sip of the green drink in front of him.
Naomi nod's as an angel making the ultimate sacrifice is a no-brainer. Amara then moves on to explain the rest of the items on the table, picking them up as she goes. A Nephilim heart and an anti-christ heart, along with a coin from the correct alternate universe to be destroyed together to create the rift to the other world; a medallion which will ensure the journey back to this world on May 18th, 2017; the coordinates to an abandoned men of letter's safe house for their return in 2017; a copy of John's journal with Sam and Dean's edits for the children to go over as they get older; some currency; piles of educational material on monsters, demons, magic, and angels; a small photo album with photo's of Dean, Sam, Mary, John, Bobby, Castiel and even Jack; a survival guide of ingredients for spells, hex bags and potions; various weapons to defeat monsters, demons and other angels which leaves two things left on the table.
"No... because what I do remember was that your plan wasn't enough; it wasn't enough to catch him off his game; the plays are not out of the realm of imagination from what I gathered. You needed something else..." Amara paused, training her gaze to be as intimidating as possible.
"Dude, are you sure your okay because if you've forgotten, Christmas is in December, and it's currently July." Dean retorted as he shoves half a drowned pancake into his mouth.
Naomi reaches out to pick up the amulet resting on the table, "how did you get this? Last I heard, it was still in the Winchester's possession. Actually, how did you get any of these things?" Naomi side-eyed Amara.
She flips to the point where one colour ends and the other one starts, flipping to make sure she isn't missing any text that might be hidden in the pages. There is only a date written on that page, but reading it would make her blood run cold.
"But that's what you said last time we had this conversation only last time it was about Michael, not God, and you're saying we need to make make the most of the time that we have together, well shouldn't everyone understand what they're at risk of losing?" Jack emplored almost staring bullet holes into his father, trying to understand his point of view.
1 Stuffed Pepper Soup
"I'll go get us a room," Dean muttered, getting out of the car and slamming the door shut behind him. He braces himself as if he's going into battle before walking towards what he hopes is the front office.
"Are Marion and DJ even your real names? Or did you just use that as cover? Dean questioned, wanting to know the answer.
"Dean-" Cas starts, but Dean cuts him off.
No one says a word during the entire drive though it appears everyone has something that they want to say; instead, they sit in an uncomfortable silence that continues to become tenser as the minutes pass by. By the time they arrive at the lodge, the atmosphere is almost suffocating, making Dean glad to get out of the car and move into the motel suite.
"Ya-"
He takes a couple steps forward towards them, apprehension on both DJ and Marion's faces but a look of understanding on Jack's. He pulls the two kids into a hug, slightly awkward due to the height differences and the fact both kids tense up at the contact. Physical comfort wasn't something Winchester's generally did outside times of dying or relief their not dead but meeting your niece and nephew should qualify. It took a few moments, but the kids did eventually hug back, with surprising strength as if they were trying to ground themselves.
Dean breaks away from the memory.
"He seems to have recovered," Cas tells the brothers.
My own treasure harboured somewhere.
"Jack, I know that it doesn't feel like it right now, but everything will be alright, as alright as it can be, in these circumstances anyway," Cas says as he looks down at his son. The kid has curled himself up into a ball tangled up under the number of blankets on his bed. Looking closer, Cas can see that Jack's eyes are still puffy from crying, and his posture was still a bit stiff.
"You're lying," the smirk in DJ's voice has Dean remembering that he's basically a lie detector. Great, because that isn't going to cause any problems at all.
Uh, well, Jack, dreams can mean a lot of different things. Do you want to elaborate a bit more or something? See if we can make sense of it?" Sam __ trying his best not to show concern outwardly as to not frighten Jack, not after all the progress the kids made the last couple of days.
DJ gives him an almost apologetic smile, "Naomi had brought them with her. Apparently, Amara thought it would be a good way for us to get to know you, kind of since they don't include everything about you, but it was able to provide a lot more history than Naomi was able to provide."
"You're the girl from my nightmare; you were there towards the end, I think you told me to wake up."
1 Caramel Cashew Sundae
Dean clutched onto Jack through Sam's speech, mirroring Jack's strength in their hug. Sam, Jack and Dean were all crying now; Cas even had tear's in his eyes, signalling how emotionally charged the room was but also alluding to the state of his vessel.
Team Free Will 2.0 have some much-needed conversations and Naomi travels to the past.
"Ugh, no, see my.. my son's never experienced Christmas before just adopted him recently, and my brother saw an ad for the Christmas festival that's happening, so we drove straight here. We're kind of hoping that you have a room left?" Dean talks, trying to look sympathetic.
"However, we need to be careful not to be caught with a banishing sigil as we won't be banished. We'll just be knocked out on the spot, it's not fun, it results in a massive hangover," he shudders as if trying to shake off an unpleasant memory, "speaking of which we also have a higher tolerance to alcohol than we should."
"I don't know, maybe? Are any of us really ever going to be alright even after all this if over, if we're even alive at that point?" Dean responded before taking another sip from his glass.
"He went to go get dinner from down the street; I gave him one of your credit cards," Cas answered, but his attention wasn't focused on Dean but rather on the two people seated on the couch and if Dean were watching them instead would have noticed how both of them tensed and look at Cas apprehensively when he walked in the room.
"Oddly, the nightmare I had last night was different than I am used to; usually it involves Chuck, Lucifer and everyone I love dying, really vivid yet also abstract as it mixes the angelic dimension with the human one. This one was different." Jack shrugs as he dives into his breakfast, the three adults all looking a little uneasy at this revelation.
"So, what do we know so far about the deaths?" Dean asked before taking another bite of his breakfast burrito.
Sam thinks to himself, remembering when he and Dean started working together again. Had that really been 15 years ago now? Looking back at Marion, Sam can't stop his thoughts from drifting to other things Marion might have in common with Dean or with Cas for that matter. How much have they influenced their lives despite not actually being a part of it? Sam is lost in his thoughts that it takes him a moment to realize that someone is snapping fingers in from of his face.
Sam moves his laptop so he can type a few things before turning it around again to show Dean.
Before Cas can think better of it, he continues with, "it took the shape of Meg this time."
"Where should we start?" Cas asks from his regular seat in the back. He's been spending the drive so far, simply staring at Mation in the rearview mirror, examining her to some extent while she pretends not to notice.
Go on beyond your way
"The summary? Have Naomi go back in time, steal Dean's stuff from the fertility clinic, go to the alternate universe, impregnant strangers that would be most likely to give up children for adoption, have us grow up in foster care for at least 10 years, Naomi figured out foster family's made of hunters so while we grew up around humans we started our training pretty much as soon as we could walk. Hand to hand combat and traditional weapons. Naomi removed us from Foster care when I was ten to further training from an Angel's perspective and so start preparing us more thoroughly for the mission which of course she didn't explain to the fullest extent until shortly before we came to this world, which was probably a good thing because we would have tried to get out of it, but it's too late for that, the ball is already in motion." Marion expressed while DJ continued to remain quiet, Dean feels like it's like looking at two parts of his personality sitting side by side, it's a little unsettling.
Also sorry this was late (by my standards since I haven't actually set an upload schedule)
O tidings of comfort and joy
"For what you said to Jack."
"What?" Sam asks incredulously, looking more confused by the second.
"Me? No, we've interacted, but their DJ's friend and responsibility they get DJ the ingredients, objects or information we need if we can't get it ourselves."
"I don't know, man; there are a lot of creatures that are associated with water and by proxy with drownings, kelpies, water sprites, fairies, mermaids. It might be a siren, but if it is, it isn't like one we've ever encountered before. When I was going some digging, it appeared that this area has really deep ancient roots to Europe, so I looked at Europe specific monsters, but there wasn't much to go on, at least not in English. The closet I got was something called a Rusalka."
Dean missed his mother, has had nightmares of her death since it happened, yet he knew, he knew deep in his bones that Mary wouldn't even hesitate to forgive Jack for what he'd done because she had loved him too and would recognize that it wasn't his fault. Forgiveness, of course, forgiveness is complicated because can you ever truly forgive an action that caused you such pain, but this wasn't just another person. It was his son, who was his responsibility. Instead of finding the courage to deal with that responsibility, he decided to take the easy way out and choose to believe the right course of action was killing his own son. That is what should be unforgivable.
(See the end of the chapter for
While she knows that she should be immediately trying to start her mission from Amara, Naomi instead takes a seat on the curb next to the road, facing out towards the city. Naomi didn't immediately notice it when she landed, but after a few minutes, it's become glaringly apparent to her that she's cut off from Heaven. Whatever talisman Amara put around her neck is not only preventing her from being detected by other Angels but is also preventing her from reaching out to Heaven, not even having access to Angel radio. In some ways, it feels like she's fallen again, stripped of her angelic title, yet she still has her grace and her powers, albeit she won't be able to use their full potential ever again as she has no way of recharging once her grace and the Stolen grace from Amara runs out.
* * *
"Well, the kid needed to hear it, and with what might be the actual end of the world looming, I'm trying to do better; I don't want Chuck's actions to determine how I act, prove that who I am isn't just some kind of fucked up lap experiment."
As the room starts shaping, she practically runs off the stage and starts moving towards the exit, grabbing whom she described as her brother on the way.
"Yes, Jack," Cas answered, handing him the pamphlet about the festival just as a pair of shrieking children ran past running towards a shop with the name 'Kay Kringles Kandy.'
"Well, I can feel myself trying to wake up, and I scream for help, but nobody comes. I leave my bedroom on hands and knees, crawling towards the war room of the bunker. I have a feeling that somebody is watching me, but I can't quite place it, their familiar but not at the same time because I'm sure I've never met this person of felt their presence before in my life.
"She also mentioned that she and DJ had ended up making some of the same mistakes we have over the years, so Cas and I were discussing this when we had a minute alone. Cas brought up that maybe DJ's involved in something similar to what I was with Ruby during the original apocalypse. What if he's meeting some Demon or monster that somehow got into his head? He's only 19. Teenagers do stupid shit." Sam flinched at the mention of Ruby, the memories of what transpired a decade aren't exactly pleasant for either of them.
1 Grilled Reuben Melt
Rather than watching the Ballet, Cas, with a small smile on his face, watches Jack stare in awe at the ballerinas on stage, immediately becoming invested in the performance to the point it looked like he was trying to prevent himself from blinking.
1 Spicy Crispy Chicken Sandwich
"Great, so we're back at square one, awesome."
And see
"No, none of that." Marion responds, "although we can bloom flowers and plants for whatever reason, Naomi didn't have an answer for that."
And all the stars seem on a roll
Finding room to breathe
"What are you getting at?" Dean asked harshly, wanting them to get to the point; Sam was now looking at the kids in horror, seemingly having figured out the direction that the children were leading them down. While Cas looked pained and his gaze was solely focused on Dean, Dean refused to spare him a glance, worried at what he'd find there.
"Wait, what do you mean created? You mean like some freaky science project? How the hell did they manage to have you created because if you had existed before, you would have been a target, Dean doesn't have children; it's not possible."
"Never thought I'd live to see her redeem herself." Dean thinks out loud.
"You were asleep for over four hours before you showed any signs of distress," Cas paused. "Did you want to talk about it?" Cas asked finally, and Dean could feel all three sets of eyes watching him from their various vantage points in the car.
She would have felt something shift if the Winchester's had actually tried to play with the universe; she's been keeping an eye on them to ensure that they didn't do anything to jeopardize the plan.
"No, just Dean's, the both of them, it's actually quite remarkable."
"Like Dominos?" Amara rolled her eyes. "People may not be able to cheat death, but they can change their own path, while there may be cataclysmic events that cannot be changed, it's the subtle choices one makes that truly makes a difference, the butterfly effect applies here...." Another pause. "I'm not sure what I did, but I will tell you one thing, I was fundamentally wrong about Dean Winchester, and my misjudgement caused a lot of grief. I heed you not to make the same mistake, or to overlook anything, or rather more importantly... anyone."
"Is this it?" Dean asks, glancing around to see if he can pick up on anything out of place or strange.
Looking at the brother's, Jack whispers, "Please forgive me." Dean and Sam continue to look at him but with a more sombre look on their faces. Nobody said anything; the room was silent other than Jacks' sobs he was trying to muffle.
"You're a walking chick flick detector and manipulator." Dean chuckles lowly, trying to find humour in this whole situation, but it's not really working, as everyone in the room ignores his comment.
Dean doesn't give it much thought as he slams the door shut behind him. He just stands there outside the door for a moment, the flashing Christmas lights creating a light show across his face, and he knows that he needs to get out of here. Getting some fresh air won't work if he feels suffocated by the Christmas vomit surrounding him.
"None as good as you."
The next chapter will see them working the case and the conclusion of the case since I want to move the story back to the main plot.
"Please, just ignore him; I kind of what to know what you were going to say about this evening. I could use an excuse to get away from my family for a bit. Maybe I can convince you to give me your magical recipe." Marion subtly moves in a way to try and be as inviting as possible. Being a female hunter, you're bound to pick up some tricks. Men tend to be stupid.
O tidings of comfort and joy."
Simple hands
But, no matter what emotions he's feeling, his situation isn't the most important in the room, because no matter how much confusion, anger, frustration, fear, longing that he's feeling, it can't possibly match what the two kids must be feeling right now.
Marion carefully covers Jack's hand with her own and gives him a small smile, "we're not going anywhere, at least not yet. We were just going to go back to our room."
Billie simply quirked her eyebrow, and Amara signed in response.
"There is always the possibility that they will change their minds or that they are finished with their sacrifices already," DJ explained, rolling his eyes at Dean's tone.
He shoves a packet of paper across the counter towards Dean, and not seeing another option, Dean forks over a wad of cash to the man. Dean mutters his thanks, trying to give them his best smile before taking the package and room keys and bolting out the door.
"Perhaps I will," Cas replies as he moves to pour himself a cup of coffee and refilling Sam and Dean's cups before sitting down beside Dean. "I hear you're leaving after breakfast?"
"I still think that we should go to that poetry thing, right now it's our best lead, rather it's our only lead right now, it starts in 20 minutes maybe we'll get lucky" Sam urged as he started to pack up his things.
1 Buffalo Chicken Tenders
Castiel takes a moment to study the images on the screen. "I don't recall seeing anything like these before, it does look more like an ancient language than sigils, but it's not of a language I am familiar with."
"As soon as I drink this vial, start the incantation for the first spell as that is the memory wipe one. As soon as I appear to be unconscious, drink the vial I gave you and read the second incantation. Don't worry about being powerful enough. I wrote these and mixed the vials specifically with you in mind, so I am almost 100% confident that they will work. I am trusting you with everything Naomi; you once wanted the world of responsibility, well now you have it; I'd wish you good luck, but we both know that would be a waste of time."
Jack's eyes suddenly glow yellow, and Marion and DJ don't have any time to prevent their reaction, their eyes glowing an unnatural green for a moment before returning to their normal eye colour.
"Son of a bitch," Dean knocks his head against the tree he's working on as the sigil doesn't glow at all when he's done with it. "God damn it."
Dean wills his face to remain stoic, but he can tell he's not entirely successful from the small smirk playing on his son's face.
"You know a lot about psychology?" Sam asked, quirking an eyebrow and generally looking interested. Dean already knows that they are going to geek out over school and things that he's definitely not going to understand.
Cas and Jack visit the crime scenes in the order that the victims died. The first crime had been completely trampled by foot traffic, so it was impossible to determine anything on the ground, and neither Jack nor Cas could sense any lingering magic in the area, but that didn't mean that there wasn't any. They even looked for markings and sigils on the surrounding trees but came up empty-handed.
The man studies her for a moment after glancing back quickly over her shoulder.
"DJ and I were thinking about that, and we basically have two things we can actively do to be productive on this case. The first is to set up the area in which we want to trap them. We actually already determined what the next body of water is going to be based on the pattern of the first four crime scenes. While the second thing is actually finding the leader and tricking them into leading us to the next sacrificial body of water."
"I don't think that's the most effective analogy... but, if you're having trouble try sound boarding things out loud, it can help with the phrasing and make your thoughts make more sense; magic is all about making the connection and then establishing communication, it's not enough to just think of it, you need to maintain it."
Silence ensued, which gnawed at everyone because where do they go from here? Obviously, there needs to be a discussion on what the plan was, how the hell they survived so long, literally have a summary of their lives.
Marion and DJ suddenly both stand up, or rather Marion gets up first, and DJ follows, which brings Sam out of his thoughts to look at the kids in confusion.
Jack cuts them off with their musings by continuing up with, "but I think I did watch too much Netflix before going to sleep. I watched 'the nightmare before Christmas, Enchanted, and the little mermaid." Jack then continues to devour his breakfast with enthusiasm.
As Marion answers it while not taking her eyes off the road, Sam can't prevent himself from rolling his eyes at the song choice.
Dean can tell Cas is still staring at him from the corner of his eye, but Dean's just staring at the two kids in front of them, the two of them now looking straight back at him there faces trying to cover the numerous emotions that they are cycling through but failing.
"That doesn't even really leave us much to go on; I mean 19th century Europe, the odds of figuring out who that girl was is worse than trying to find a specific needle in a needle stack."
Sam and Dean continue to sit at the table silently, contemplating if they should say anything else to one another tonight, they both have a lot to discuss, but neither one wants to be the one to break the silence. The only sound in the room was the frequent refilling of their glasses when they run out of alcohol.
may-ah air-ant
"I was 18... I wasn't... I thought the picket fence isn't a life for a hunter, so I'd figure I'd make my mark another way? I don't know, man, I needed the money." Dean answers, not taking his eyes off his brother, but suddenly startles himself with a thought and turns back to the kids sitting on the couch.
"The coroner concluded that they all died from drowning, but all four victims were found peacefully either right by the water or floating face up in the water, which doesn't happen for drowning victims."
Ignoring his brother in favour of dealing with his daughter, "You made me have that Dream last night?" There was a tense clip to Dean's tone.
Getting up from her seat, Amara walks over to her balcony and looks out onto the city, with thousands of people running around looking like little ants in the grand scheme of things. “You don’t even know what’s coming,” Amara whispers into the slight breeze, “the god you worship has essentially abandoned you, and for most of you, your current worry is what’s next to watch on Netflix.” Amara closes her eyes, feeling the wind against her skin and focusing on humanity's various noises down below. New York really is a fascinating human experiment.
* * *
"Shouldn't we meet back up with Sam and Dean?"
"Hey, Cas?"
"I have everything set aside for you to take with you, don't worry about everything fitting knowing a witch or two does have its benefits in the long run." Amara states as she strides into the room, Naomi following close behind. Amara gestures to a suitcase beside one of the circular tables in the room, "that suitcase has been enchanted to fit everything that you may need for the duration of this mission; of course, there may be things you need to source yourself, but this should at least provide some comfort for yourself and the children as they grow up. Think of it like Mary Poppins bag if you will, if you understand that reference, I've been watching Disney movies in my free time, or at least I was before my brother set 'the end' in motion." Amara continues forward to the table covered in various objects. Amara picks up one of the talismans and gently places it over Naomi's head.
"We'll get out of your hair." Marion says as she and her brother go to get up but were met with a chorus of four 'No's.' Resulting in the kids faltering and not knowing whom to look at.
Dean moves forward before anyone had time to do anything and pulls Jack into a tight hug, surprising everyone in the room, including himself. The swirling emotions in Dean were things he didn't want to deal with right now, agony, grief, sorrow, and anger. But the anger wasn't with Jack; he wishes he can blame Jack because that would be a simple, and easy way to place all the blame on someone, but Dean's angry at Chuck, at God's stupid game treating his god damn life like a video game, resulting in him growing to hate his own son.
1 Oreo Concrete Mixer
The feeling of accomplishment only lasted a fleeting moment before Dean took a look around and the sheer number of trees they needed to complete in the next couple hours, so he got back to work.
They were now browsing around the bakery market, separated but within sight of one another. Marion was just about to find Sam and Cas and call it quits when someone tries to get her attention.
And if there's a reason I'm still alive
Dean’s phone vibrated, and he pulled out his phone to take a look; Sam catches him smiling, so he turns it around to show Sam the photo that Cas sent, Jack looking at an endless display of candy in complete admiration.
"Jack, it's okay; you don't need to say anything right now." Cas whisper to the child.
"So, can we eat?" Jack finally pipes up, breaking more of the tension resulting in Dean and Sam to laugh and the others to smile softly.
"Just remember to sleep with one eye open, Sammy," Dean grunted, leaning back in his sleep, and his brother just chuckled in response; Dean could see his eyes roll in the mirror.
"Sherriff? My name I'm Agent Ashford, and this is my partner Agent Simpson; we're with the FBI," Dean said, flashing his badge as Sam did the same.
Absorbing heart
"No... I don't even know what to say to him right now. I think... I think you should go talk with him; he's probably running things through his brain that he won't want to talk to me about... he might talk to you." Sam finally chokes out the words. He couldn't possibly try and console his brother or help him through his thoughts when he couldn't even get control over himself.
ex ell-em-ent-ees
"Sorry."
heed a hope g ol manin
"Exactly."
Now standing on the corner of Milvia St. and Centre St, Naomi realizes that she may have to wait sometime before being able to force her way through the fertility clinic if the presence of a familiar 67 chevy Impala was any indication. Naomi silently curses Naomi for sending her back to overlap with Dean Winchester's visit. Sending her back a day later would have made a lot more sense, but there isn't anything Naomi can do about it now. Instead, she simply moves to a park bench to sit and wait, hoping that she doesn't look absurdly out of place as not to catch the unwanted attention of humans or heaven or heaven forbid something else.
Marion walks out of the bathroom and quietly crawls into her bed, doing her best not to disturb DJ, who is already asleep if his snoring is any indication.  Her brain is firing off a mile a minute with everything that's happened in just the last 24 hours trying to make sense of it all and not to panic, but it's a little hard not to. No matter how strong she appears or how strong she thinks she is, no person is infallible, she was raised to be a fighter, a hunter, a warrior, raised with a particular mission in mind and compartmentalizing that was easy when the mission was a distant nightmare, but it's now started to take shape. She grips tightly at the amulet around her neck and slowly drifts to sleep, but with sleep doesn't come rest; instead, it's an unwelcome trip down memory lane.
"I bugged the motorcycle that he took off on, Cas is somehow distracting Marion and Jack for the time being, and they've been given the story that we have some last-minute things we just want to check out."
"Morning sunshine, want some coffee?" Dean asks, turning his attention away from his brother and to the Angel, who looks a bit unkempt like he fell asleep in a chair or something.
"Those are valid explanations, though, Sam. What makes you think this is actually our kind of thing?"
"I'm glad you're here, man, even if I sometimes act contrary to that."
Dean was agitated; he didn't like this plan, never liking plans when it's other people that are used as bait. As a rule, he prefers it to be himself on the line, but now he has his daughter in the crosshairs. He wonders if it will ever feel normal to acknowledge the fact he has a daughter.
Marion continues, "But, we can't heal others, and it wouldn't protect us from an instantly fatal wound, but it does speed up the healing process considerably, stamina, speed, and strength are all slightly better than a human's. Again not a huge thing, but it helps, and we both have supernatural perception like being able to see hellhounds, for example. We then also have our individual powers you can call them; I have the ability to perform some telepathy, I can see and sift through memories but also project images and snapshots into other people's minds for viewing and then, of course, I can dream walk to an extent. Still, it's not perfect, and I don't have complete control over it."
Coming face to face with family they've never met, their own father, Sam remembers meeting his mom for the first time and being so overwhelmed and having expectations; he can't imagine knowing your family is alive and not being able actually to know them until you're prepared to die.
“So you uh… you hungry?”
He sighs and pushes his plate away, “Dean why are we doing this?”
Cas grunts and nods, making to turn back over, taking Dean’s arm with him, but Dean snags his shoulder, halting his movemement, his eyes squinty underneath his glasses.
, but good. Dean didn’t ask, but he’s relieved anyway.
Nothing seems too weird about the way they interact: other than the way Cas is speaking directly to Dean as opposed to in his general direction. And the fact that Dean’s being attentive and smiley, like a teenager with a crush.
“Trying to seduce me with
“Yeah he told me.”
to you, and then get dumped on your doorstep.” His fists clench around the jacket so tightly that his knuckles turn white.
“Are you alright?” He asks carefully, not sure if he's allowed the concern.
He nods. “He knows I am here to tell you the news, he does not know that your answer will affect the outcome.” He swallows. “I did not expect him to desire a union in this way or I would have already come." His smile is intensely fond, if rueful. "I would not, I
“I was mostly human at the time. Humans are… territorial.”
She still calls weekly just to bitch. He gives her straightforward advice and occasionally she even takes it. During one of their conversations he cuts across her tirade; says brokenly that he’s sorry about Kaia, about how he treated her.
Dean jerks awake with a cry.
He shakes his head stubbornly..
, to escape the Empty,
He comes around the corner and pauses at the threshold, sensing the tension, their closeness.
son. “What if he he won’t— not here with me. Not after all of this, not after everything.”
“I am Castiel,” He whispers against Dean’s lips, awkward and angelic. “Fallen angel, lover of Dean Winchester, the righteous man.”
But, he can’t focus on her right now, his limited, mostly human, brain is still trying process the spout of information rationally, comparing it to his knowledge— to his history, with Dean Winchester. He is paralyzed, unable to find a place where this scenario fits in his carefully constructed understanding of what Dean feels is appropriate between two men .
knew about the damn deal, apparently it was
Dean winks, now high on his victory. “Uh, let’s see… you told me the one time you talked me into going to that Farmer’s market down in Arizona, that succulents remind you of me. Still don’t know what that means.”
“Dean, are you asking me to be a Winchester?”
— Angel of heaven and finder of deals— and informing him that: 1) Bacon coffee is
Welcome, this might be my favorite chapter, unclear,
“Mmhmm, yeah that’s standard protocol.” Dean has his eyes closed, he sniffs loudly and sneezes. “No soup. Just get the laptop.” He coughs into his shoulder and sounds tired and stuffy,
gave you something that changed you, and you’ve spent the better part of that time
“Oh.” Jack purses his lips thoughtfully and nods, “But you have always been in love? How is this different from before?”
“Your consciousness protected itself from the vagaries of the pit." He shrugs. "It was obvious to me you did not remember when you stabbed me in the barn.”
“An’ your son will be pleased that his fathers are speaking again.” He catches Cas and Rowena staring and waves. “He worries about you both.”
Dean fixes with him a stare. The unspoken reason lies heavy, they both know he wouldn’t ever have left his little brother. Sam smiles tensely, trying to make it look supportive, they don’t talk much about their dad anymore for good reason.
“—cause you were in love with me.” Dean finishes, a little warmed by the realization.
“Cas, you know you can talk to me about it right?" He murmurs, relaxing his grip, giving the angel a few seconds to scoot away if he needed to. He knows this much touch is risky, but Castiel moves incrementally closer, his body still shivering from head to toe, long hair flopping into his eyes.
Sam’s trying to wrap his head around all of this, cause, if it’s a dream, he wonders what the hell
“It’s for you.” Dean adds, unnecessarily. A tight, nervous smile on his lips.
“There’s a— there’s a night light by the bed,” He calls into the hardwood of the door, knowing Jack doesn’t really
He wonders if the Angel knows how he had been worried sick for months until Jack sent a messenger to tell him their campaign was complete.
“You know.” Dean saunters up, shit-eating grin growing wider and wider. “By law, if we are both under the mistletoe at the same time, we have to kiss.”
Almost (Sweet Music) - Hozier
He fought, of course he fought. He’s semi-retired not a complete pantywaist asswipe.
guys.” His eyes dart to Dean, asking silently what he’d walked into.
, and we’re in love… and
“Cas doesn’t think we should hunt so much anymore, spend more time with em’, they’re over at the house every five minutes away. Between nieces and nephews and all of
The kitchen is empty, no coffee in the pot, no blue-eyed mostly-angel frowning down at whatever breakfast food he’s burning today with intent to smite written on his face.
Dean worships; lips lightly grazing the underside of Cas’ cock.
Sam looks up, hearing the overt level of casualness in his brother’s tone, the kind of nonchalance which only really ever means the opposite. His brother is a lot of things, but apathetic is definitely not one of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean snorts, pulling back. “I dunno Angel, we might have to do it a few more times, just to make sure. Maybe naked next time, you know how these fairy rituals get—”
“Together together?”
Cas is still frowning when Dean gets a hold of himself, wiping tears from his eyes;
.” He tries again, bumping the angel’s shoulder with his own and testing the icy waters of lake Castiel by forcibly lacing their fingers together.
life.
, we are
“What? Why? Why would I want to— from
Not my Cas. Not his Dean—
“So you and Dean.” She hands him a mug, “You finally talked?”
He sits up, realizing both eyes seem to be up and running, kicking off covers, his left arm is in a cast from the elbow down, he could have sworn it was just fingers.
normally go.”
Static,
“When Castiel taken by the Empty, he had… foreknowledge of it, because of his deal—”
Dean smirks, still wrapping up his arm from where he’d proved he wasn’t a monster via silver knife. This should be less painful, all he has to do is reach into an arsenal of 12 years worth of conversations, arguments and everything in between.
.” He points frantically at the shoes, “It’s a— you know a brand, that’s what they were called…uh. Like
“And what, You’re just gonna leave
since most of their acquaintances
There’s a crudely drawn winky face after both of their names.
Dean seizes Cas’ wrist with lightning speed, stilling the motion, though Cas’ thumb manages another toe-curling movement before he pulls his hand out of Dean’s pajamas, sliding his fingers into his mouth, tasting thoughtfully. Dean’s full lips part as he watches the motion, he makes a strangled noise.
It muses.
“Dean the Empty has one sole desire, to sleep.” Jack looks emotional. He’s just a kid saddled with literally everything. “What do you think it did to the one thing standing in its way?”
Maybe it was finally time to be selfish.
The hunter finds himself on his belly, Cas’ arms bracketing his head. Dean twists, finding Cas’ lips; tries to soften it, to draw it out, to flirt and tease— he lets out a hiss when Cas’ fingers are already seeking his entrance, there’s no hesitation, like he owns everything about the action and Dean himself and
“Wait really?” The hunter is suddenly in his face, squinty with intensity, he smells like leather and gun oil and the old spice shower gel he gets on sale in town. “I don’t think so man. You look, pretty much fresh as the day you popped down in the barn and scared me shitless.” He sniffs, nods his head skeptically, “Hair’s a little better maybe.”
“Of course, they were furious when they realized what I had done. I, a mere soldier, was never supposed to have such an intimate bond with the Michael Sword.” A rare Cas grin, the angel, so lost in his own memory misses the way Dean shifts closer. They’re touching now, shoulder-to-shoulder, hip-to-hip.
In a small town these small gestures go a long way; so even if he doesn’t smile without good reason; doesn’t talk much unless spoken to, he gains a slow and steady group of regulars who come in for coffee or repairs sometimes just a look at the handsome green-eyed stranger who lives out at the haunted (probably) lake house.
“I heard you praying. There were… complications. That’s why I didn’t answer— it’s why it took so long for me to get to him. but, I need you to be prepared for what's inside.”
“You were asleep,” Cas explains, “I received a notification on the instagram, about a new flavor of coffee…” He shakes the bag in his hand, as if to explain his absence, “
“We didn’t— I uh, I asked Sam… and Jack, and uh, bought some. On the
I spent next to him, and every time I endured the pain of leaving, his rage, his guilt, his loathing. I can’t do this if it’s going to be the same as it has been.”
Dean waited a solid, unsuspicious hour after Cas lit out for his room, before heading out after him.
. They’ve got him strung up like a rotisserie chicken.” Her eyelids drop, “Be careful, we’re lookin’ at a professional in there Wings, he’s cuttin’ on Dean with skill.”
.” Cas sighs, though his eyes glitter with a pleased light, he opens his mouth to argue and seems to think better of it. Krissy and Liam watch the whole interaction with amusement.
time. No repeat performance, no encores,
“—Well,
Cas wants to argue but he’s not angry enough, and they’ve both had too much to drink. Instead, they hobble and weave their way down into the bunker. Dean steers toward Cas’ bedroom. The sound of talk and laughter comes from the kitchen area, Dean veers from the noise in annoyance.
Much of Castiel’s responsibility had been hunting down the various “war criminals” and returning them to their proper authority for assimilation and education on how the worlds worked now. But up until this point it hadn’t been quite so personal, Castiel peers at the dingy warehouse, opening his inner eyes, noting the shimmer of warding in annoyance.
The Weight - Amber Run
angels.”
“There is
A single bolt of lightning rends the dark—
Dean shrugs, more at ease now, rolling his whiskey around in his glass, posture casual, like he hadn’t just revealed something beautiful and vulnerable about himself.
“Dean, please, Mr. Dean is probably… some old redneck.” He, sneezes and looks surprised, he still hasn’t stopped staring at Cas. “Honestly, we waited way too late. I would rather fight monsters than shop this close to Christmas ever again.”
important.”
armed.
The wrinkles around Dean’s eyes deepen as he listens to the angel grouse. Cas tries not to notice, twisting vaguely against the hunter’s grip and being easily manhandled via ankle back into place.
Thunder rumbles, Jack’s eyes are faintly gold. “You think that of me? Cas is… he’s my
Kissing Cas before was incredible, but kissing an angel?
He tells his brother he doesn't want a fuss, just to spend some time together.
that you’d never had somebody get you a gift before the uh, the mixtape I gave you.”
None of that ‘All star’ crap. OG
Cas nods in serious agreement, understanding immediately in a way that Dean can only observe.
Sam takes a breath and lets himself appreciate these small moments when Dean lets him past the cool facade.
The prone figure breathes shallowly.
He hasn’t even turned around; never once doubting that Dean won't follow orders.
, is has to be Meg, nobody else calls Cas shit like that, “
"That's a start, we can ask Rowena—" Sam frowns. “Wait, his happiness was
At least with darkness there may be the remembrance of light, but what can be compared to the absence of all?
sorry.” He’s lost track of what he’s trying to say, the emotion sticks in his throat, he’s got tears in his eyes, he wonders where Cas got the pain meds he is definitely on and if somehow a side affect is stupid rambling paragraphs of poorly thought out truth.
than my brief period as a human. I am an Angel.”
I'm still out here living and editing cause it's still a bit wobbly in bits.
As much as they had tried to prevent it, the mass exodus from the Empty had been messy. Demons and Angels had slipped through and disappeared back to earth with grudges to settle.
“Sorry bud, I was just teasin’ nice to meet ya.” Dean reaches down and pulls Liam effortlessly to his feet.
They pull up outside the house, Baby's tires crackling across the gravel.
I see it, cause, well, you’re in the room and
Recommended Listening:
Dean’s answering grin flashes bright at the tiny extension of hope.
“I do not recall this memory." He tenses beneath Dean's touch, the tiredness back in his tone, when he find his voice again it’s pitched as though the hearer is observing from a distance.
Sam waits.
“You need to sleep.”
go against your wishes, Mary Winchester, mother of the man I love.”
Dean’s eyes snap to his brother’s face. “Cas what?”
Thankfully, in that moment, Bobby Singer strides across, bumps shoulders with Krissy and nods at Liam.
There’s a snort of laughter and Dean fights the urge to scream into the receiver cause
Damn. He loves her.
Only then does he turn to look at figure hanging suspended, his blood drips into a pool beneath his mangled bare feet. He’s worse than Cas expected, barely recognizable beneath the injuries and crusted bile and gore.
His heart twinges at the knowledge of being
.” Dean’s lips reach toward Cas, his still-pinned arms keeping him from his target.
He's on cruise control now; his brain a fuzzy haze of protective anger mixed with high, whining noise that feels a lot like truth..
Anguish rises like a thick cloud, suffocates him, his knees buckle. Up ahead Dean continues to walk and stutter his way through the preamble to his thoughts, oblivious.
“From me?”
Cas has to get away. But there’s only these tiny snow swept streets, glittering lights overhead and—
In their next call, Claire says offhandedly that Cas stopped by, that he looks good;
It’s worse this time around, being human: ripped unceremoniously from the endless darkness, flung into his host body; sealed in by Jack. He woke from his sleep of self-reproach to be driven almost exclusively by desires, by needs.
and Sam’s not even paying attention, talking to someone on the other end,
"He, he, he— he made this
“Oh right, cause
“That
is being human: Sitting in cars after dark in below freezing temperatures because your partner (boyfriend) never learned how to talk about his feelings.
“I don’t think I want to be god anymore”
Now, everything is starting to make sense. This is less of an alley and more of a makeshift throne room, with the two nondescript mostly-mortals holding court.
Dean beats Castiel to the punch.
“You never really talked about the Cas there,” Sam says, pulling Dean out of the memory “Or any of it really, other than what happened to me”
“Oh.” He takes a drink. “Erin, how do you know if that is what is happening? I do not believe that this is something I should google. I do not have my own laptop, and the online quizzes I have taken in the past are very… confusing.”
here,”
Dean tightens his lips. “Cause I fucking ruined him— if I let myself… if we, if… I just, I
Direct.
moment of his life."
They almost came to blows that night for the first time in a long time. It got so heated that Eileen finally stepped in, calming Sam down and insisting softly that Dean could be trusted with that weapon.
“About?”
“Then why the hell are you pissed?”
, Cas, Cas, it’s
There's a small noise of confusion from the direction of the doorway, but it doesn't feel very important to Dean at the moment.
“Of course. I’ll do any—“ He swallows static and fear. “Yeah.
Sure, times are different now, especially with Sam Winchester— Hunter-Witch— forging new bonds between the Supernatural and those who fought it, but Liam was raised to not be a fool about non-magic users no matter their seeming kindness.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“What the
“Yeah, yeah I know.” His voice is a sleepy mutter. “Cas?”
It’s not a question it’s an accusation, he’s stepping over all the neat lines Dean has so clearly drawn over the years and for once is demanding an answer.
“Why is that?” Dean asks. It's a trap. They both know it.
“Well, you were right boys, he’s in there.”
"What's—" He steps purposefully around Jack, keeping his hands raised to indicate that he isn’t going to push to try anything funny or make a break for the door.
She watches him and takes a sip of her beer. “So no.”
And I thought, wonder what my ol’ buddy Cas has been up to?
"I am naked."
“Sam and I, we talked about finding somebody, who uh who knows the life. Honestly, I didn’t think we were gonna make it out alive this last time.” He sighs speaking to the dash.
He chews his lip, pops his head out into the dark hallway, debates waking Sam.
rude.”
“Well,” The Demon considers. “I wanted to hurt you, ya know, cause you smoked me and made me feel shitty about myself.” Another shrug, “Ever since I got shat out of the empty, I’ve been sorta…
“Peace or freedom. Remember? You asked me that a long damn time ago—
“You have made your decision.” Jack says when Dean’s voice trickles in from the other room, he’s singing along with a record, his voice rough and happy, “Rowena and Amara have a bet. Amara will be disappointed you decided to stay.”
but who, for the rest of us, is just some guy with a penchant for wiping out higher powers and bloody awful taste in flannel.”
the ideology of protecting the weak, that they could protect
“It was super fucking hot though." Dean's smile is back, cheerful and unbothered, utterly charming, Castiel somehow doubts that the hosts of heaven (or hell) themselves would be able to retain their purpose if confronted by full exposure to one of Dean Winchester's smiles.
“Did you expect me to just wake up, cuddle Miracle and go to
“Oh...” Cas nods his acquiescence, his eyes already on the sky. “I was less accustomed to human friendship initiation rituals then and… I quite eager to meet you.”
he knew what was coming, he chose it. It seems that he sealed off a part of himself using some of his grace, he didn’t want the Empty to be able to see it, torture him with it and take it from him.”
Eh Castiel?”
“I mean, he
if he could get it right this time, he would deserve to be happy. Dean pushes through, steadying himself.
Sam purses his lips, does not engage. "
“Yeah.” His eyes burn and it’s just too damn cold. “Yeah I did.”
There is no urgency in Dean’s movements, nearly teasing, as he kneels in front of the Angel, looking up, biting his lip, Cas’ eyes glitter in the sunlight. The storm has passed in the night giving way to cloudless midwestern brightness.
“House looks nice, I like the paint, Where’s Cas?”
He feels like he can’t breathe, the bunker hall suddenly feels as tight as his chest. He bites down, trying not to lock his knees.
But none of that matters, cause Cas is here. He's home.
After a few minutes he feels brave enough to open his eye again, the other apparently bandaged shut.
made all the difference.”
It always cut off there, a blank space of uncomfortable ache and jittery static.
Cas looks skeptical, “What about… soup? Everyone on Netflix says fluids and… rest and— there is always soup.”
“Thought it might be time for him to move on is all.” John says finally, equally as casual, nearly sing-song. He shoots a pained smile at the Angel, the expression is all teeth, “Since I’m here now, and he’s safe and sound outta that Empty place— figured it might be a good moment for him to blaze his own trail.
He eyeballs the two men suspiciously,
, after everything.”
They decide to call it Project Hermione. Within the afternoon, Sam and Cas invent a spell, combining Enochian and Sumerian, it prevents anyone who intends those in the Bunker harm from being able to find or enter it and allows any others to locate the bunker from anywhere in the world, if they know the right words.
in the same bed, but he’s not sure how he feels about the possibility of Jack walking into… something else.
“I don’t know,” He admits. “I want the chance to make it right. Now that I know how I...“
Something stirs at the base of his memories, familiar and cold, like an echo in a darkened room. Cas reaches for it, but it slips and squelches away.
PS: the coffee/DIY bike place exists, look up brothermoto in Atlanta
“All of it.” He answers softly, and there’s a level of relief in being able to admit he’s wrong. “But mostly what happened before Christmas. I’m
“Dude I thought you were married to that Djinn queen—“
“No, just me.” He can hear Cas smirking, the bastard, his hand settles over the top of Dean’s, kissing the back of his shoulder absently as he thrusts in deeper and deeper.
“Having intercourse?” Jack’s chin drops, eyebrows knit together.
“Are you praying at me Castiel?” Dean asks pulling back, flustered by the words, still out of breath. “Or are you just saying sexy things so we can go for round two?”
“Uh huh.” Dean’s still grinning, absolutely unbothered by the angel’s tone, “Just remindin’ these heathens just who it is you bunk with on a permanent basis. Cause I’m pretty sure Sandra over there was checking out your ass.” He purses his lips, and glares over Cas’ shoulder at a female hunter who isn’t paying attention, he pitches his voice louder, annoyingly:
“My vessel is also aging, Dean.”
Sam laughs softly, “Sure man, I think we can take a break.”
“Hey Cas…”
comment?”
Eileen leads hunts on a weekly basis, joining up with the various men and women who stop in for advice and rest. She’s something of a legend to most, and Dean can’t help but agree. Sam is intensely proud of her, and Dean knows he does his best not to worry. His phone is a constant
Instead all he feels is relief.
From God our Heavenly Father
"You're a dream walker? Both of you?"
none est ack-ee-dense
O tidings of comfort and joy,
Finally, Marion breaks the silence before letting out in a barely audible whisper, now looking at Dean with a sombre expression, her anger from earlier melting away.
"She started talking in a roundabout way when Cas starting inquiring about this James person; I don't think James actually exists."
"Wait, it's not what you think; we're not the one's drowning people." The boy turned away from Sam slowly to look at Dean, which is when Dean recognizes the symbol peaking out from under the kid's shirt.
Sam's face goes through many contortions and settles for something that is a mix of apprehension and worry that has Dean's face turning into a frown.
"Christmas is my favourite time of year, family, the atmosphere, the mythology, to be cliche; I'll also say the Christmas spirit."
The silence that followed was deafening for just three moments.
Both of the kids seem to shrink a little into the couch as all three of the older adults in the room are now looking at them with various degrees of questioning looks.
With the millions of others-
It takes, and it takes and it takes.
"Photo's of you sleeping; Sam seemed to think that pictures are good for remembering happier times and family," Jack said matter of factually, and Sam looks as if he's trying not to crack a smile. "Here, look."
"Well, I don't think heaven's all that concerned with Jack's sleeping habits, but I know what you mean," Cas replied easily as Sam let out a small chuckle.
"What? What is he talking about." Dean's memory of his dream coming to the surface, the memory of the mysterious figure floating through his mind.
It takes Dean a moment before it dawns on him, "The handprint."
"It's not the first time that Angels interfered because of the world ending, is it? And you're fighting a war against God which is going to take everything you've got on your side and then some. Besides, kids have been used in wars since the dawn of time whether for fighting or more behind the scenes roles, hell, during world war 1, M15 used Girl Guides as spies to send secret messages."
It was instantly my comfort.
"Not much to tell, they were all women under 30, three were locals, and one was a tourist who came for the festival. Deputies took statements from family and friends, but with how they found the bodies, it was concluded that it was just a sad coincidence. The sheriff shrugged and gulped his drink, which left whipped cream on his fake beard. Sam and Dean both ignored it, opting just to try and get out of there as fast as possible.
Dean stops talking to take another sip from his glass; he can feel himself becoming more inebriated, not knowing exactly how many drinks he's had at this point.
Sometimes I was sick with it,
"A Christmas monster, really you couldn't have found us something simple? Like a rugaru or a wendigo?"
Tears were starting to fall down Jack's face again, and as such, Castiel moved from the desk chair to sit on the edge of Jack's bed.
Was born on Christmas Day
let ag papnor haunt par ne'er.
"I'm not exactly letting my guard down, but I want to enjoy myself a bit; I think we've all earned that at this point, so I'm not going to worry about every little thing until there is a galaxy damn good reason to."
"What memory," Sam says at the same time Cas expressed, "you haven't mentioned that you've been having nightmares again."
"I'm sorry that I can't be of any assistance Sam."
"That's right, and there are no rules here; the holiday season is what you make of it, not a schedule of things you must do or feel."
As soon as Amara's eyes are closed, Naomi quickly downs her vial of liquid, not wasting a second more, she immediately feels warm before starting the read the second spell on the page.
She's not exactly sure what Amara was alluding to earlier but mark her words, she will find out. Billie contemplates whether she should simply reveal herself now and demand answers, but she recognizes that it is doubtful to get her anywhere.
Both of the kids were just looking at him with a mix of astoundment and humour.
Not what he was expecting, the young kid pulled out a bag from the back of the car and threw it over his shoulder before turning and approaching DJ. Maybe they overreacted, and this was just another hunter. DJ's face was unmoved as the other kid approached but did pull a couple of items out of the motorcycle's side bag. A flask and a silver knife, James he supposes looks almost amused at the items but takes them willingly, taking a swig from the flask presumably laced with holy water before rolling up his sleeve and making a small cut.
"He told me earlier that he was seeing someone, well I guess he didn't say he was dating her, but it was alluded to, he was blushing, was a little shy about it but to be honest this entire situation is bizarre, I just think he didn't want to talk to the dad he doesn't know about his love life. Although the James thing does seem like a front now that I think about it since it slipped out that the girl's name was Jamie." Dean shrugged and was about to continue preparing the weapons, but Sam's face has him stopping.
As Naomi flicks the coin, the pit combusts into flames, and the sigils are glowing a deep angry red; as soon as the coin makes contact with the fire, she feels more than sees the powerful surge of energy as the rift is erected from the ground.
We fall and we make our mistakes.
"Wait, who's Jamie?" Dean cuts DJ off, and he watches as his son realizes he said something he hadn't meant to. His eyes go wide, and a slight blush spreads across his face.
"I meet the demographic of the other victims, and it would provide an easy way to have them lead up back to the water without them setting off a warning signal to the other Nakki, thus making our efforts worthless."
Merry Christmas
"God created free will. That means creatures that can either choose wrong or right. Some people think they can imagine a creature which was free but had no possibility of going wrong, but I can't. If a thing is free to be good, it's also free to be bad. And free will is what has made evil possible. Why, then, did God give them free will? Because free will, though it makes evil possible, is also the only thing that makes possible any love or goodness or joy worth having. A world of automata -of creatures that worked like machines- would hardly be worth creating. The happiness which God designs for His higher creatures is the happiness of being freely, voluntarily united to Him and to each other in an ecstasy of love and delight. The most rapturous love between two people on this earth is mere milk and water. And for that, they've got to be free." Amara paused and sighed, looking a little defeated, high contrast to what she was like only a few short years ago.
"No, not really, well, I might have had to promise Ruby that I would try to get her released from the empty so she would tell me what she knew-"
Humanity is
"Jack, look at me." Cas urged while shifting a little closer hoping the proximity would help calm Jack. "First, Mary loved you, and it has taken me a long time to understand that you don't get to determine or dictate how others feel about you for better or for worse. She loved you because she saw you like family, and your actions do not eliminate that fact because it was an accident. If Mary were here right now, she would tell you so and tell you that you need to not just focus on others' forgiveness, but you also need to be able to forgive yourself for what happened. You don't have to forget what happened or stop feeling remorse, but you need to determine how you can move forward and keep living.
As he gets pulled from the memory, Sam's smile starts to be replaced by a frown. Why let us be so happy just to rip it from us over and over again? It's the long term planning that truly makes Sam sick to his stomach. He's starting to feel like one of those teenagers in dystopian teen dramas, given that his life is just one big story. At least Voldemort was upfront about his plans and values, unlike God.
"You what?" Dean questions, confusion crossing his face.
Looking out upon the still strange landscape of winter,
iaial de nomig noan past
Sam watches the exchange with wide eyes. Marion's tone is careful like she was talking to a small child, which Jack kind of is Sam thinks to himself. Sam's heart squeezes a little tighter because Marion reminds him so much of Dean, the facial expression, the older sibling's way of speaking, and overall demeanor. DJ may look more like Dean, but it's obvious who got more of the personality traits.
I knew their song.
Naomi looks contemplative, Amara's words running through her mind. Does she dare to take Amara on her word without knowing what that actually means? Going over Amara's words, and Amara is right; she is one of the remaining strong Angels and, even without knowing the plan, understands that she is one of the only angels available with enough power to do something drastic. She thinks about Castiel, they of course of come to an understanding of sorts the last time they saw one another and how wrong she was all those years ago. Naomi almost laughs to herself at the irony. Years ago, she attempted to get Castiel to kill Dean Winchester and saw the elder Winchester as her brother's weakness that must be destroyed.
"Attempted?"
Dean sees Sam sit down at the table in his periphery, and his brother's fighting doesn't go unnoticed.
"You want us to follow DJ, and what put a stop to it right then and there."
"Ok, that's enough; I'm totally done with this conversation. Let's get back to the lodge where I can hopefully forget that this little road trip ever took place." Dean starts the ignition and peels out of the parking lot. Hopefully, DJ was too preoccupied to think anything of it.
now glossy-eyed receptionist gets up from her seat and walks down the corridor.
Jack turns his phone to face Dean and is confronted with a photo of him with his head lying on Cas' shoulder, and he did have to admit that he looked peaceful, almost happy, making him wish he could remember his other dreams. He turns his attention to Cas in the photo, which at first glance looked like he was deep in concentration while reading the book that he had propped up away from Dean as not to disturb him.
"I'm assuming they didn't get a room just to go over the aspects of the case." Dean just shoots his brother a look, and understanding immediately crosses his face, which turns into an uncomfortable grimace just as quickly.
"What are you a god-damn fortune cookie? Mind your own business; you know nothing, kid." Dean snaps at the kid, and the kid just dares to smirk at him.
"So, what do we do now?" Jack asked, watching Dean in the rearview mirror.
Dean wracked his brain for a moment, trying to connect the dots when suddenly he's pulled into memory.
It was around 1 pm when they finally pulled away from the bunker, Dean driving, Sam in the passenger seat, and Cas and Jack squeezed in the back seat. Unlike most road trips towards a case, there wasn't much discussion about the actual case itself. There appeared to have been some unspoken rule to keep the conversation light, at least for the time being. This is how Dean had been convinced an hour into their journey to play Christmas music, Sam claiming that it fits the 'mood' of the case and that they should enjoy the little things; Dean also heard his brother mutter 'while we can' under his breath. While Dean would have preferred to say no outright, he caught Jack's cautiously hopeful look in the rearview mirror and decided to go with it.
Sam shoots his brother a withering look before turning his attention back to Cas, "there's a Christmas festival currently taking place, which I think might have something to do with it."
"We were created in order to give you all another edge against Chuck." As she spoke, she reached under her collar to pull out the strikingly familiar amulet. Both the kids are now looking straight on Dean, and Dean is speechless; they are waiting for him to have some kind of reaction, but his brain and body aren't responding.
