He stares at his class, moved “This is for you guys, who wake up everyday and fight your life's battle: young students who want to be special, think different, and live an extraordinary life. Boys and girls...who believe the greatest and bravest thing in life is to wake up, study, and do what they love and enjoy most in life. Just like Sarah, a beautiful, clever woman who loved books and writing. When we live a tragic event, it always remind us how life is the greatest gift we have, and despite the hard times, the failures, the losses, we must live it to the fullest and fight for our dreams. Many of my students talked to me about their dreams during the classes, some of them want to be writers, others teachers, other simply don't know what they want to do in their life, and that's good. You'll find out one day. We’ve talked about art in our class, about poetry, ...and there’s a stupid idea that you have to be arrogant or miserable to create it. I’ve heard it, many times. And it’s not right. It’s nonsense. You have to believe in yourself, you have to be kind, and work hard. And enjoy and love what you do. That’s it. And take care of yourself, because it’s not selfish. And if you love doing something, but you don’t know how to get it, start somewhere. The rest will begin by itself, cause if it’s meant to be, it will happen anyway. If not, you’ll understand it one day. My poem is entitled
Sherlock raises his head and see Victor’s students walking toward him, followed by Greg, John and Mrs. Hudson, that form a circle around Victor’s grave. His students hug each other, crying, some of them leave books and poems next to the grave and lighting candles. A group of them go toward Sherlock to offer condolences, but he keeps staring at Mary with a cold and impassive look. She pretends not to see him, and looks away, but every time she turns, Sherlock is staring at her, with the same blank look in his eyes. While everyone goes to Sherlock, Mary slowly steps back, slowly walking away, but Greg stops her “Mary!”
John: ‘No, come on,…I mean..that sometimes we need to let off some steam, and we don’t always know how to…tell things that happen to us, so....you could write them. It’s just an idea…'
‘Sally is entertaining Greg at Scotland Yard, we still have time' John takes a balloon, blowing it up.
John focuses on Lestrade, realizing he wasn't listening to him. 'What are you doing Greg?!?!' cracking a laugh
Greg ‘You can’t leave the city, anyway, and you’ll stay in contact with Sally cause we still have some questions for you’
Sherlock finally raises his head and peers over his shoulder after the worker. His lips are cherry red, and puffy from suckling on John. He hardly breathes, as John studies his profile; his messy curls, the aroma of alcohol wafting around them. His hands are still clasped protectively around John, who finally returns the gesture and puts his own on Sherlock’s waist, and continues to stare openly at him. John feels so relaxed, and comfortable, his eyes half-closed- smiles up at Sherlock.
The dogs begin to sniff and lick at Sherlock’s trousers. The owner yells, ‘Hey! Hey! Brando! Sit down! Dean, Sit down! Hush now.’ He attempts to pacify the snuggly beasts, ‘Sorry!’
“because I don’t think I know who my wife is anymore..” John says, looking down, dejected. “I’ve made a mistake Greg..I thought I could forget Sherlock marrying her. And it didn’t work. Now she’s somewhere else, and I don’t know why or where.”
‘I dunno, he was here two minutes ago. Maybe he went into the toilet?’ John answers leaning back into the plush cushions, but then decides he better go check on his friend, and lurches towards the back of the club.
Sherlock turns decisively and proceeds to run out the front door, elbowing the men on the other side. John is frozen in confusion, holding the letter, while staring at Sherlock’s fleeting form, ‘Sher—ahhh! Why is he always so hysterical?’
‘Okay, but do let me know if you find something. Don’t start solving the case yourself or going out asking questions without me, ok-?’
“He’s always in his room, or curled up on the sofa sleeping. I think he’s taking sedatives. He doesn’t eat...barely talks.” She takes a moment to breath deeply. “Oh, John...I can hear him crying in the night,...he often goes to the bathroom to throw up...he’s so pale...”
Sherlock walks through the morgue hall toward the exit door, when suddenly Mary appears, opening the door, quickly running to Sherlock.
Sherlock huffs out again, ‘yes…okay.’ And ends the call, just before flinging the phone across the couch.
‘I drew it’ he smiles looking at him ‘everything you see has been thought by me, I’ve put so much on this project, I haven’t been sleeping for months,…and now that I can actually see it….I…I’m so happy, I mean,..this is always been my dream’
John comes out the bathroom and walks toward Sherlock, who’s gone back to lying down, and watching TV half-asleep. John sits next to him, and gently touches his forehead. ‘Sherlock…’
Mrs Hudson goes toward the kitchen drawer making tea “hope Mycroft will find his medicines, I put them here..”
Greg stands up and turns the cigarette off on the ashtray near the fireplace, then goes toward the kitchen
Sherlock ends the conversation by pushing off the bar and heading back over to Greg and John. When a voice echoes over the music.
‘Ohohh look at him!!’ he comments, giggling and smiling at Sherlock, who suddenly blushes, and quickly turns the page.
‘Anything interesting?’ Mrs Hudson asks, walking into the kitchen and flicking the switch of the kettle.
‘Exactly’ ‘And the other map? The one on the right?’ ‘It’s the map of the caveau where they would have put the money,...where Moran wants her money.’
‘Oh sure, they’re over here’ She points down the row, ‘There’s Simpsons chocolate biscuits, or Hello Kitty, Oh the Animal Bites are new, and there’s the happy hippo ones….‘
‘I...’ he turns to Sherlock, then starts talking again ‘I was called by a man, one day..he said he knew who I was and my plan to go to London. He knew I wanted to meet Sherlock again, and he started talking about business...and money. We met one day outside a café, he said he knew that I wanted to open a winery in London, and he wanted to help me. He offered me hundred thousand pounds if I had given him informations about Sherlock’
John stays outside the office. He turns back and notices all the people staring at the scene. 'We're detectives...it's...for a case!' Suddenly he hears the police siren outside. 'Perfect..' He comments sarcastically.
Greg stands up, taking his jacket from the chair ‘Ok, I’m letting you in, but don’t go off on your own, clear?'
‘Since the news about his love for the McVities biscuits the company has increased their profits dramatically.’
Sherlock ‘His father was a police chief, despite his love for alcohol he hadn’t much hobbies, Victor studied at Oxford university. When his father died Victor sold his home in Avignon and saved the money to come here and open a winery’
‘After that case I had several nightmares, I couldn’t sleep at night. I talked to Sherlock about it once, after a case…and one night he came into my room, and we slept together. Just…sleep, nothing else. He walked in my room, silently, with his pillow, lying next to me. He knew I couldn’t sleep, it was his way to..make me feel better. And it actually worked. Because I could sleep with him next to me. From that night, things started changing between us. He became something precious to me. It was a strange feeling,..but I knew it was something I never felt for other women. I stopped dating them. I felt good, I felt that I was…feeling happy with him, I didn’t need anything else. I wanted his head on my shoulder when we watched boring tv together, I needed his arms around mines when he curled up under the sheet hugging me in the night. I needed his shy smile when he said good morning to me, I just needed to have him by my side, knowing that he was with me and with nobody else. That was our small, stupid world nobody could touch. Until Reichenbach.’
John looks toward the window cab, outside, at the people walking outside, the lights, the cars running, taking a long breath, and thinking. Greg looks at him randomly.
‘and Mrs Hudson was cleaning the flat! The one you used to live in! do you remember it???’ he asks, surprised
The cab brings them to North London, they exit, and walk past a blocks of Japanese stores and restaurants. Sherlock stops suddenly, and heads towards a garage.
‘Shut up!’ He roars, tossing a paperweight in the direction of the entranceway. Sherlock’s skin prickles with displeasure, as the noise vibrates through his bones. His blood simmers in the heat of his irritation.
Sherlock’s voice becomes deeper and lower ‘Do you know how ridiculous you are talking about me when you’ve never had anyone in your life? Not even a cat who could stand your arrogance and your fake superiority, when you actually just spend your time coming here bothering me because you really don’t have anyone who to talk you, because none can really stand you, you’re alone, you’ve always been alone, Christmas evenings passed browsing on your phone sitting by the fireplace alone, even when were kids and you couldn’t bother to read me some bedtime stories because you were too busy with yourself doing nothing! and birthdays never celebrated because nobody cared when you were born, even dad and mum, and you come here talking to me about loneliness? You’ve always spent your days alone hoping to know Sherlock has made a mistake again, so that you can come here and give me a good lecture about how life should be and how perfect you are in your fresh clothes and good shoes, because you’ve never looked yourself in the mirror, probably because you’re terrified to admit you’re ridiculous.’
Sarah’s mother “Mr. Holmes, please....find her, she never did anything wrong, she never got herself into troubles, she's a kind girl, she loves her friends and family...she wouldn't go away purposely.”
Mycroft gives him a cigarette, lending him the packet ‘I neither smoke but….you know….sometimes we all need one’
‘Because he seems to be...the only one who understands Sherlock now’ Mycroft peers at John, his face turns gloomy ‘You know, John...how Sherlock has never been good at...dealing with feeling. He actually doesn’t know how to react to them. Two years waiting to come back....’ Silent. ‘He did never have any kind of...life, he was just waiting to come back to live, come back to his London, come back to you. And since he thought, innocently, that you were doing the same, when he came back he realised that, without any doubt, things had changed. And he suddenly couldn’t cope with his new....life, an empty flat...an engaged best friend, he didn’t know how to react to his new life. He was used to something better, I presume. And that’s how drugs are his way to get through feelings, and easily deal with them...deal with this new life.’
‘The titles are A Study in Scarlet, based on A Study in Pink, then The Blind Banker, The Great Game, like the two cases about Moriarty…then A Scandal in Bohemia, not in Belgravia, and The Hound of the Baskervilles, because the Baskervilles is a family’s name, and then The Final Problem..about Reichenbach ’
Sherlock takes a long breath, then look at both of them “You two, wait for Mycroft. He went to Pall Mall to recover a file. Wait him in Baker Street till he’s back. It’s time to move my brother informers, I’ll go to Sarah’s family, hoping to get something."
You answered 45 seconds after my first message, you’re checking your phone because you’re exceptionally bored. Plus you were invited, but couldn’t come. Which is why you want to know what we’re doing- you’re too arrogant to ask, and you’d like to be here right now, in my place. So stop pretending you don’t care.
‘Bonne…….nuit!’ waves a hand, and walks backwards. Sherlock totters a bit at the main door, takes the keys from his pocket, and after a few tries opens the door.
Mary ‘The proofs are right here, Sherlock. Adair met Victor, and we don’t know what happened when he arrived in London, probably he was still in contact with Moran's gang.'
‘Oh dear God,’ John moans and covers his face with his free hand as the opening bars to music filter through the enormous speakers.
‘Yes! Yes!’ Sherlock beams. ‘I’m happy! I’m genuinely happy for you, John! Really. You deserve it, after all, it’s something you had to do anyway….getting married, right?’
"Molly...we have to be brave, we’ll go to the funeral now, we’ll be next to her. We have to be calm, and act normal....we just have to wait, and be patient. That's the only way to win her."
Sherlock snaps at her,‘Why do you all assume I’m not okay? Why do you insist on asking me if I’m okay? You think I’m sad, Lestrade thinks I’m sad, Mycroft thinks I’m on drugs. John Watson gets married and suddenly everyone thinks I’m depressed. That I’m not ‘okay’ and having suicidal thoughts or something. What the hell is going on in your funny little brains? Stop looking at me like I’m loser. You all think I care, you assume I wanted John back to Baker Street. When I never said anything about that. I never asked him to come back, I never wanted that. How do I make you all understand that I’m fine with John being married? Shall I shout it from the rooftops? Should hop around like a fool and throw this confetti at everyone? Do I need to get a sandwich board that proclaims, ‘I’M HAPPY JOHN WATSON GOT MARRIED!’? He has his life, I have mine. I don’t want him home complaining about experiments, cooking, watching crap telly, and bringing a panoply of women home. I must be alone. All I have is my work, my mind, and my violin, that’s all I need. So, you can stop treating me like an idiot. Stop thinking I should care about how ‘things have changed.’ The truth is that I don’t care, I just needed him as a colleague- that’s it. Stop comparing me to you and your small brains!’
Sherlock huffs out, annoyed ‘Again?!?! Why are you asking me about John again? I already told you he’s not gay, he’s married!!!’
Mycroft leafs slowly some pages..’So...Trevor,...Victor’ Looking at John ‘Born in Rouen, 1976...He arrived in London 5 months ago, to open a winery in Soho. He moved definitively 3 months ago, when he got a job as teacher at the UCL in London...he was seen at Sherlock’s house one month ago, at about 11 pm, he left after an hour. After that day, him and Sherlock regularly met everyday, night and day. They spent their first night out three weeks ago, with some old friends of both....as you can see here, at the Cookhouse Joe’ Mycroft shows to John some photos of Sherlock in a pub next to Victor.
‘Mycr-?’ Sherlock rises his eyebrow, thinking, then suddenly realises, turning toward Greg ‘He’s planning to move here, isn’t he?’ walking threatening.
‘They followed you since the arrival at the hotel, they waited in the car, and when you went out they followed your taxi.’
‘Oh! No? I’m sooo sorry’ he whispers to him faking a sad face ‘I can sort that all out.’ smiling at Sherlock, staring at his mouth.
‘When you’ve said or done something that has really upset or hurt your best friend, it’s important to have the courage to apologize. This will help mend your friendship and bring it back into stasis.’
‘Talk to him about this, Sherlock, but I suggest that you don’t give any interviews with the press at the moment. Especially about the case, I don’t need them at my door as well. ’
John and Mary are sitting in the lounge room, two bags under their feet. Mary is looking at the tourist guide book.
‘The company even added his face for the approval this morning. The biscuits have arrived just a few moments ago in fact. Would you like to see them?’
He didn't think I cared. What about all those times I waited for him? All those times he told me 'you should eat something' and I did even though I wasn't hungry. My life has flipped since I met John and he never noticed. I almost chuckled at the thought of it but right now was not the right time.
We ordered some subway and sat down discussing the tattoos. We both agreed that we should head to the city and get some tomorrow.
"I-it's nothing. It could wait. Don't want to ruin the moment." he choked out. I looked at John worriedly.
Silently, he slipped it over her head, twisting it in his fingers, before deciding he needed to analyze it closer. "I'm taking this."he replied, noting her confused expression. Nodding slightly, she showed them out.
I stumbled upstairs and into my room. I dug through my drawers. Cigarettes. They wouldn't do anything. I threw them off to the side. I moved to my bookshelf and felt behind the books. Nothing. I growled throwing the books across the room. I ran to my closet. More cigarettes. I started laughing. Of course the one time I don't need them, I find them everywhere. I fell to the floor, clutching my side as I laughed. Snorting as I rocked back and forth.
"I came back for the job of course. Falling in love with you was just an added bonus." he teased, sticking his tongue out. I playfully smacked him before leaning down to kiss him again.
Sighing, I slid on my black coat, poking my head out to make sure no one was near to spot me. After I shot John, it had become so much harder to get around London, but that was to be expected. When I was sure there was no one near me, I crept out of the building and made my way into the alley.
"Well I know a little about this guy. I know enough to know that in the end he gets away with it because it's based off of reality where he published a book. If he had gotten caught he would have gone to prison for the rest of his life therefore he must have gotten away. The little details is how I figured out he indeed was the one who killed his ex-wife who cheated on him. Motive: His wife cheated. He couldn't pinpoint his whereabouts at the time she was killed. I noticed everything down to the blink, or lack thereof, when he said he didn't kill his wife. When did he arrive home? The police has asked him that and he replied with 7,8,9. Nobody has that wide a range for a time they got home. That's not an answer. Not unless you're hiding something. Sorry." I said quickly.
Sherlock got the scarf from Molly and Lestrade and got a bunch of new containers from Mrs. Hudson. "What do I need these for? We never cook." Sherlock asked.
"Well... Greg?" Sherlock started and once Lestrade nodded he knew he had gotten it right. He would probably forget it soon anyway. "I had to make sure that when I called John he was standing in the right spot so the giant balloon thing that would catch me couldn't be seen."
"So they have a pool here. They also have a beach and a movie theater. They have an arcade and 0 viously gambling. So what do you feel like doing?" He asked.
A ringing noise made it's way through the abandoned flat. I silently cursed myself as I hurriedly searched for my phone. I grabbed it and quickly turned the sound off, hoping no one heard it. I frowned, seeing the caller ID on the screen. Unknown.
He was glad he stumbled into Sherlock's mysterious life as a consulting detective. He couldn't imagine where he'd be right now if he hadn't bumped into Mike that day because it wouldn't be here, comfortable, with the man he loved.
"Well before I jumped I met Moriarty." I groaned, thinking about the pool. Moriarty had me strapped up with bombs and was threatening to shoo me should Sherlock not cooperate. "He and I were talking and he said that he had snipers. They were aimed at my friends my first thought was John and he said all of them... that meant Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade too. Fortunately he forgot Molly so she was able to help out with the whole thing. He said that he was going to have you killed if I didn't jump but he didn't think I'd do it which meant he had a code for them to stop. I was going to keep him alive so that he wouldn't kill you guys but he had planned to go really far and shot himself in the head so I had no leverage. It was either me or you guys and I couldn't lose you so I jumped. They thought I really died but obviously I didn't but they were taken out so that I could be back here with you guys." he finished.
There is a tiny little needle on the belt but that wouldn't have killed him unless it was coated with poison. I walked over to Mike, leaning close to his abdomen, pulling out my magnifying glass. No poison. The skin would have been discoloured but perfectly normal skin tone.
"Yeah... well... Mycroft please." There was a moment of silence before he started speaking again. "Mycroft this is something I only ask about once. I know you want to pay for the wedding and honeymoon but..." he trailed off.
"You. You think I'm gonna get mad cause you used the rest of my shampoo. Now come on drama queen." I said leaving my room.
"What exactly do you mean by that?" he asked and I realized that Mycroft has never actually been rude to him.
"Mary Morstan. After you... you know... I met a girl. We went on a few dates and had a genuinely good time but I couldn't move on. It hurt too much. She eventually gave me a decision. 'Choose. Me or Sherlock. But if you choose Sherlock, we are through.' I couldn't move on and in the end I chose you. I always choose you. I loved you and I couldn't forget that. So she was angry. What I don't understand is why she showed up now after all that time."
"Sherlock..." he muttered. I pushed the shorts at him again and he took them, looking at the tag . "How did you know which size to get?"
I didn't know what to do. Footsteps coming up the stairs notified me of somone's approach. To heavy to be Mrs. Hudson. No cane. The only other person who ever came here was Lestrade. "What do you want?" I asked.
"Life without you has sucked... not one worth living." he said. I then noticed there was something else in his pocket. I took a few steps closer, worried about what he was going to do. When I saw what it was, I froze. I didn't know what to do.
My body shook with the sobs that threatened to spill from my throat. He couldn't be here. He was dead. I slowly turned, eyes closed because I feared that he was going to disappear as soon as I opened my eyes.
"Cold-hearted? You must be mistaken. Anyway, I chose his place because he was right. I don't think I could handle Sherlock playing his violin at 2 in the morning." he said and I chuckled.
"Please don't say anything until I have finished." I nodded and began running my fingers through his hair. "The other day at the cemetary wasn't my first time thinking about harming myself. I was going to that day, yes, but it wasn't the first." I stopped moving my fingers for a moment before continuing, keeping my promise and not saying anything until afterwards.
I chuckled as we slid down onto the couch. "And why do you want me to be happy?" I asked, smiling as I kissed him again.
"Yes. I'm fine." I said pushing her away slightly. I loved her like she was my mother but I didn't want to hug her all the time.
Sherlock studied me for a moment. He looked both upset and really happy at the same time. I chuckled. "What?"
I stood off in the background, watching as Sherlock studied the body. Why would Mary do this? I know she was angry about me choosing Sherlock over her but why is she showing me this way? And why now? It made no sense, she had all that time, but she chose now to get me back.
"I won't." I lied. I felt horrible, but if I didn't do this, I could lose everyone I love, including the man I just got back.
"I love you." I said. He chuckled and pushed me playfully and I did it back, just a bit to hard. He went over the side of the canoe.
"Let's head back to the room then." he nodded and we turned the light off, not even bothering to put the stuff up as we went to the bedroom. Once we slid back under the covers, he rested his head on my chest before taking another deep breath.
"It's a surprise." I rolled my eyes at how childish he was being. It took about a day to get there but we finally touched down at the Laughlin/Mojave National Airport.
I hugged him and cried. I have cried so much more in the recent days than I ever have in my whole life and I actually started to laugh. "You think this is funny? I poured my whole soul out to you and you laugh."
I smiled down at John, glad that he was still here, before quietly sliding out of the bed. I started boiling some water to make some tea and began pacing back and forth. This case is extremely important because it obviously has to do with John. He could be in danger.
I chuckled and gestured for the two of them to follow me. "What are you boys going to be up to?"She asked.
My heart shattered again. What did I do to you? I'm so sorry John. I won't ever do anything like this again. I tilted his face up, searching his eyes for anything but sadness but he closed them before I got a chance to look well enough.
"But there were no signs of break-ins." Lestrade reminded. I frowned, staring down at the body. There was something off about this whole thing. I leaned down, examining the body closer.
"Please." he choked out. He sounded so broken. I turned towards him, trying to keep my face stoic but I knew my eyes were full of tears. "She would have killed you. Sherlock she would have..."
"Forget about the food." John shrugged before handing me my clothes and waited for me to change. I quickly did so and tabbing his hand, ran out of the hospital as fast as I could.
"No. Please don't leave me. I couldn't deal with it again." The sirens outside grew louder until I found myself in a cab following them to the hospital. I shook my head. We just got out of here. Why... why did our lives have to be so bad. I moved into the waiting room and sat in the chair. I ended up nodding off and I was awoken by someone shaking my shoulder.
I blushed a bit and looked around, hoping no one saw us but no one was around. I wasn't embarrassed of John and I being a couple... I just had no idea how Americans would react to us being together.
I dropped the bag screaming for Mrs. Hudson as I stared at the body that was Sherlock, lying on the bed. I ran into the room, grabbing his head, cuddling him. Mrs. Hudson stepped in and she immediately called the hospital. He was still breathing but it was weak. I cried, tears falling on his face. His eyes opened flightly as I pulled the sryinge out of his arm.
The slight pitter patter of rain catching the boys off guard for it had been really warm only a few minutes ago. They slid into another cab, John wondering why they couldn't have waited until tomorrow.
"In the middle of a case?" I asked, shocked that he would step away from an unsolved case to go on vacation.
"I see that she isn't wet like the others were so she probably wasn't drowned because it wouldn't have been dry by now." He nodded encouraging me to continue but I had nothing else to say to him.
"If you hug him any tighter I'm afraid you might actually lose him." Molly joked and I blushed as pulled away.
There was nothing else for miles around us but at last we arrived at a Wal-Mart. "What are we here for?"
"You husband is in a very bad state right now. The bullet narrowly missed any major arteries but he should be fine. He's awake right now if you want to visit but he does need his rest." I thanked her and quickly walked to his room.
"I miss everything about you Sherlock and I still find myself looking at your chair and making an extra cup... of tea in the mo-morning." I had to take a few breaths before continuing. "All those times I said we weren't a couple... I never wanted to accept the fact that we could be. I realized, right before you...you... well you know... that I liked you and after you had, I realized it was more than just that."
"That... was amazing..." she said between laughs. I chuckled and got up, walking with John towards the cash register.
I made some noise so it didn't sound as though I was listening in on his conversation moments ago. I stilled when he started speaking again. "John and I aren't safe  right now. We won't spend all of your money... just a few thousand dollars.... I promise... goodbye brother." He huffed, hanging up.
"No we should probably continue with the wedding because the longer I have to wait, the longer I'm going to die." he said and I nodded in agreement. I pulled him up and we made our way to the table.
"I understand she was angry but... why did she kill your parents and then leave a message? That's really sloppy." Lestrade mumbled.
Leaving the boys to themselves, John walked downstairs, snickering to himself. They didn't know it yet but they were perfect for each other. Lestrade would help him become a better person. More loving, more kind but, Mycroft changes Lestrade too.
His breathing picked up and he was whispering something. I couldn't tell what it was tough. I strained to hear him. "Sherlock..." he whispered. God I loved this man so much. He was unconscious and yet he still called out to me. He was a mystery that I don't think I'll ever get to the bottom of but that didn't frighten me. I stood up, leaning over and kissed his forehead.
"No. He is still wet and he still has shampoo in his hair so he must have been stabbed after he got in and shut the glass."
"No you wouldn't would you." I mumbled. I hadn't realized I was staring at him until she cleared her throat. I blushed and gave her some cash.
"This place is huge." I said, taking the bags out of the trunk. Sherlock nodded in agreement and ushered me inside. A blast of cold air .are me sigh and I looked around.
I studied the shower area, attention drawn to the pipes. Rusted around the edge moreso in the front because the water runs down it. Wait. The back was more rusted. It was twisted around. Mike never messes with the pipes. I stuck my hand out and Lestrade handed me the phone. I quickly dialed Mycroft.
6 floors with tiled black floors with white dots. Leather furniture. To my left and right there were elevators and hallways. There was also a gift shop on my left. I felt like a child, spinning in circles, checking put the place. We were only in the lobby too.
I stepped outside and sighed in relief. I got through the meeting. I actually lived through it. Smiling I sprinted off towards my flat, not believing my incredible luck.
"So did you come here to just break up our moment or did you actually have something on your mind?" I asked, annoyed of waiting.
I put a finger to my lip and he nodded in understanding before backing away and helping Mrs. Hudson out in the kitchen. Molly sat in my armchair and she looked so tiny compared to it. I chuckled and Sherlock stirred, his eyes flittering open.
"Emotional connections to John. It would hurt him too much. I can't put him through that." I whispered. Lestrade nodded slowly. He was about to turn and leave when John stumbled into the room dressed in my robe. It was way too long on him but I felt a sense of pride in seeing that.
Lestrade and Mycroft came in moments later. Mycroft stood awakwardly in the back as Lestrade hugged me tightly. I was glad he was he because he was the oldest friend I had. He was like another brother to me and now I understood what John meant when he said that Lestrade would be the perfect person for my brother.
"You are just observant is all. I wouldn't have been able to pick up that much. Of course you are Sherlock Holmes so what could I expect?"
"Well. Should we get back to what we were doing before we were so rudely interrupted?" I asked. John chuckled as he shook his head.
I shook my head and brought myself back to the present. It was Christmas Eve and there was a present tucked away in my pocket. We had gotten rid of all of Moriarty's men. John, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade are safe now. Molly kept telling me that this was the perfect moment to come back from the dead but there was something different about today.
The other animal he was pointing at was a hedgehog. The description read: You love to explore and follow your natural curiosity and know how to protect yourself while doing this. You u understand weather patterns, k owing when it will rain. You are gentle yet protective of yourself at the same time. You know how to build defensive and protective barriers that discourage negativity.
I was so freakin bored. I have been in this bloody hospital for two days and I was so freakin bored.
I ran my hand along her dress. Wet. Dumped in the water last. Drowning is ruled out. I moved closer to study the cuts on her face. "Lestrade, do you have a scalpel?" I asked. He shook his head and ran downstairs to find Donavan.
"No. I got it." He turned to Lestrade. "M is Mary Morstan. She was my girlfriend for a short period of time." I turned to him wide eyed. He didn't tell me that. "Sorry I didn't tell you. Anyways I ran into her one day at the coffee shop and we tried dating for a while but I couldn't get over Sherlock. I loved him and it hurt too much. Eventually she decided she couldn't take it anymore and asked me to choose between her and Sherlock. I chose Sherlock. She was pissed and she kicked me out. So that's what it means on the locket."
"Don't say that. I'm happy I ran into Mike. My life had no meaning and when I met you, I found something. I found a friend, a partner, and a lover and I couldn't be happier and after this is over with, I will have found a husband. So please don't ever say that I should leave because of all of the shitty stuff that's happened. It does suck, I will say that, but if I have to endure the ocassional crap so that I can be married to a beautiful human being, then I will, because it's worth it. Because you... are worth it." he whispered.
Lestrade looked shocked at John's sudden outburst and I realized he must have actually meant it. "Wait... seriously?" I asked and Lestrade nodded. "Well that's... unexpected." I muttered.
"Why do you think?" she asked. I had my ideas but I didn't think that they could be right. There was no reason for that.
I have seen many knives throughout my whole life. I've seen them in the kitchen, lying on the ground, and some sticking out of people's bodies but it never bothered me. Out of all of those knives, none of them scared me. None of them rendered me useless but seeing that knife in John's pocket scared the hell out of me.
‘It’s a home security system and you can easily manage it by your computer. It’s totally safe and you can turn it on every time you want.’
‘…and then I implored him to go out, but he wouldn’t! That was the moment I called you. It was terrible. I thought it was an earthquake at first, but it was so much worse!’ Mrs. Hudson laments.
Standing erect, still, John takes in a deep breath. Gulping, he waits for a car and then passes over to the front door of the abode. He stops before the steps, turning to look back. John calls out coyly, ‘Who are you?’
‘I know you want to solve cases with him because, you love these little adventures with your best friend…’
‘Wait, what…Sherlock? John told me you’re his best man, how on earth did you forget when it’s going to happen?’
‘I know, I know..don’t get nervous, I was just...joking.’ Victor leans against the kitchen’s door with his left shoulder, looking at Sherlock. His voice starts being lower, talking in a more serious way ‘Neither a kiss? A....casual....gentle, small kiss,...given in the darkest hour of the night when nobody is noticing?’
Sherlock peers at him, angry ‘I’m not addicted!! I just took the drugs by mistake! I don’t need a rehab, I know I won’t take them again, I’m perfectly fine’
John, with an amazed look on his face: ‘We??? What? No!!! of course no! We already did last year! Why would we organize another surprise party?!? The fact that the world has come to the first was surprising. Not?’
John peers at the book, leafing briefly some pages “I don’t think this is the kind of stuff Sherlock would read, honestly"
‘Wh...’ John’s face turns sour, confused ‘What do you mean? You let me grieve you for two years, I HAD to move on or I would have probably died’
“Neither Sherlock knew it, Mycroft told him yesterday night. That’s why he doesn’t want to go on with the case.”
‘I know Greg, I know he did it to save me and my life. I know he was away for 2 years to protect me. I’m not angry with him anymore, it’s…..’
Victor ‘We read and write poetry because it’s part of the human race. Science, and…chemistry, economy..law,..are important because they sustain life. But,…art, and poems, and movies,…this is what we are alive for’
‘I don’t admit replies, Mr. Holmes, shut up!’ Greg replies, raising his voice, staring sternly at him. ‘Thank you for your work’ The two policemen leave the office.
‘You sent an SMS to Lestrade, asking him to peek at me. You knew he couldn’t get out alone, that he would have called John. He sent him a message whilst he was sleeping, he made John get up and they both went to the Johnny Rockets to spy on me. You knew that the day after they would have come at Scotland Yard and casually the topic would have come out, causing embarrassment to both Lestrade and John because they had to lie in front of me. The only excuse Lestrade could use was that he had a quarrel with Jane, bad move because Mary was in the office and she didn’t wait to send an SMS to Jane to say she was sorry for what happened. Jane read the SMS and hup! The couple broke up.’
‘A message Adair gave you, because he knew you would have come to see him.  He probably knew someone was out to kill him. So he’d leave a message to help you understand what’s was going on. But it must be hidden, a code perhaps? Something you don’t know the meaning of? He was no doubt afraid that this third party was going to try and kill him. In that event, he needed his assailants information to be available to you, but hidden from everyone else. However, you couldn’t decode it, and now you are the one in fear. Afraid that another knows of this message. That’s why you’re working here. Why you suddenly left your job as a carpenter and are currently assisting at your friend’s bar, and kipping at his place as well. No one else knows you’re here, except them, obviously'  He makes a quick flip of his hand in the direction of the blonde waitress. 'Of course, you’ll be at her place this evening.’
Sherlock suddenly snaps ‘I’ve had enough of this. I see I’m not welcome here. And neither is Victor….Get out’ looking at Victor, who follows him. Sherlock opens the door, shutting it behind them. The room is silent, everyone's watching Sherlock and Victor going away.
"No, I didn't expect you'd be still here...it's....surprising. It doesn't mean I don't appreciate it."
‘Do you remember when he entered the kitchen angry as a raging bull—‘laughing, Sherlock does the same, then comments ‘It was embarrassing’
“I know but...t’s....futile. These things I taught you are all senseless...they don’t mean anything.. It’s stupid. And I lied to you: you don’t get the meaning of your life reading a poem or a book, Mark. You don’t understand your life by a few lines written by a poet you never met in your life. Don’t believe in it...it doesn’t have any sense. It’s just a book."
Sherlock opens his eyes slowly and turns toward John, who sits down on the bed gingerly. He takes off the wet towel, and places a hand on his forehead. ‘It’s getting better’
‘There’s a note…’ Mrs. Hudson shows John a sealed envelope. John takes it, and puts his phone on the table to open it.
She continues, getting closer to her and talking in an intimate way. "I have a son, too. I know how you feel.” Mary takes a pen on the counter and a napkin, writing. “This is my number...if you know something about him, will you call me, please?”
'......And then I decided it was the moment to tell the truth. I talked to Greg that night, telling him everything about us. About me and Sherlock....'
‘No, Adair was a smart man, he wouldn’t have brought evidence to he meet some guy. He would’ve hidden them somewhere beforehand. Yesterday, I went into his room to find them, but I didn’t discover anything.’
‘Sitting in a dark room for two hours looking at a big screen, hearing people laughing or crying and making stupid jokes while munching pop corn?’
Sherlock picks up his pace, and John laughs alongside him. ‘It’s like you became like a superhero or something.’
Sherlock takes the needle by his right hand and quickly removes it, allowing the blood to flow. Mycroft stands up slowly, limbs quivering. He goes to Sherlock, grabbing his younger sibling by the scuffed collar of his shirt. With the left hand on his back Mycroft forces Sherlock to his feet. Sherlock, out of control, falls against his elder brother.
‘yes.’ Mycroft replies, reading some pages. He goes back to the desk, sitting on the chair 'So...why Trevor?’
‘He disassembled and assembled the whole room in one night. He must be a carpenter. And he was looking for something’
, his body was found badly burnt. We were only able to I.D. him from a partially melted credit card.’
Photos source: setlock. Molly facebook account is fake, I created the layout, Ku Club website: http://www.ku-bar.co.uk/
‘You left me!’ Sherlock watches, as John gets off his perch and kneels next to him. He reaches out to touch John’s hands.
John is still gasping, trying to take breath and calm down. He looks around, confused, still shocked. The clock says eleven pm. The room is dark, illuminated by a lamp on the bedside table. His right shoulder still hurts. Sherlock is lying next to him, sleeping deeply, face down, his right hand next to John's body. The door is open, John can hear sounds and voices coming from the tv in the living room:
Sherlock walks fast through the hallway, nervously glancing at the people and doctors walking next to him. He stops at room n.7, slowly opening the door.
‘He was eight. That day changed our life forever,...it made us stronger,...our relationship started changing,...it was harder....I had to be a mother,...a brother,....and he hated me, because he couldn’t cope with mum’s death, and he rejected it on me, because I was her reflect,...and, not at least, his unique friend.’
‘No no no no, I’m going to handle this’ he puts his finger on Sherlock’s mouth, hushing him, then sits on Sherlock’s knees, starting making him an hand job, slowly rubbing his dick up and down, Sherlock starts moaning ‘Ooohh—‘
'Yes, I’ve practiced explaining what happened. So that I may now approach you. Then I am to have an honest talk with you. I agree to never again attempt to never fake my own death, and if possible, try not to bring up the argument about it for the time being.’ He smiles sincerely, clearly proud of himself.
‘Victor understood Sherlock since the first time they met, and he helped him getting through the university days, that weren't easy for my brother. I remember the first months guys used to mock on him,...sometimes I saw him with punched eyes...he was alone, John... he didn’t know how to get friends, neither know how to react to bullies, and I was far away, what could I do? I grew up without a father, he was always away...and when Sherlock was born, I wanted the best for him, I wanted him to not be unhappy having a father away, and I promised myself that I would have done my best to replace him, to not make him feel dad’s absence...and instead...the tables turned: he had to deal with mum’s death. And I couldn’t cope with mum’s death, too, but mostly, see my brother loosing her-‘ Mycroft suddenly stops, almost crying, but quickly stands up.
Silent. He takes time, then starts talking: 'It was Greg’s birthday....That afternoon I was writing some news about the case on my blog and…'
He looks at himself in the mirror, wondering what’s going on, then quickly dries his hands on the towel and goes toward the door, but when he grabs the handle, he can’t get out. The door is closed.
Molly quickly slips a glass of champagne into Sherlock’s hand. Which only serves to make him look more befuddled than before.
‘Yeah, it’s easy, we don’t need anything special to stay all together and have a good chat, and Sherlock would be with all of us, finally’
“Molly..I’m..Victor....I’m calling because...so many things happened and...I’m a bit confused right now...and I don’t have many friends here in London...I lost my job due to the case.....and the police closed my winery....I’ve lost everything. And now I believe Sherlock is doubting about me, too...I’m...confused..I don’t know what to do,....if you would like to...have coffee..just to talk...I would be glad if you could call me back...just to have a chat. Molly, I’m worried, I’m worried for Sherlock...I want to know what’s happening, if you want to help me let me know....I...I want to help him get out of this mess. But he mustn’t know. Call me back, please"
The insult draws sharp laughter from Sherlock, and the tension is immediately diffused as all three grown men devolve into a fit of giggles.
A 40s short blonde woman opens the door. ‘Sherlock Holmes??you are….the detective??’ She asks, surprised.
Everyone stop eating, resting the cutlery on the table and looking at each other, Sherlock keeps chewing indifferent while his phone rings
They both start laughing, and the taxi driver turns back ‘Do you want to stay here all night and pay me the extras or keep talking at home?’
“When the tiger dies..leaves her name...Seraphita...Moran’s real name is S.S.M., Seraphita Sebastian Moran..."
‘I mean it.’ He turns his head toward Sherlock shoulder ‘The fact that I’m married now…it means nothing. You can still have me. I still care about you, and just because we don’t live together anymore, it means nothing. I’m yours if you need me. I…I haven’t changed you know, I’m still the same man you left over two years ago. I haven’t changed, Sherlock.
‘I was an idiot, I didn’t respect him. I had a bad impression of him, and I thought you were just acting...I didn’t know you could...feels things...that way.’
He’s up on Sherlock, his knees on the bed, both legs between Sherlock’s body ‘Have you read my poetry?’
‘Sherlock’ worried, with a baffled look on her face  ‘I ran here because a man told me my house had been attacked!??’
‘I assigned a book three weeks ago, ‘After many a summer dies a swam’ by Huxley, have you ever read it?’
‘I’ll be always with you’ whispering into Sherlock’s ear, finishing the poetry, then smiling at him.
'Who called you in the middle of the night for a case?’ Victor walks in the living room drinking coffee and giving Sherlock a cup of tea. He swallows ‘Hope you’ll like it, I’ve never prepared tea in my life’
‘There’s… there’s a guy outside for Sherlock Holmes.’ He gruffly informs her, as he passes her in the hallway.
Sherlock snaps starting to talk fast in a sarcastic and nervous tone ‘The ones Mary posted on Facebook, Molly, it’s quite strange you didn’t see them, since you’re always on that website, 24 hours a day, plus Mary liked to post a picture every 2 minutes in all the possible places and positions, in case NOBODY couldn’t know they went in wedding holidays’
Mary looks sternly at John, who starts getting nervous. He understands something’s wrong, and finally checks the blog, looking at the post entry:
‘About what? I don’t understand, I mean…I could understand it when we were teenagers, but now….absolutely not’
‘No! I’m not his baby-sitter, he’s responsible for his actions, and I’m not his brother’s puppet either. If he wants to go out and get drunk- let him do it. We all have done it once in a while.’
John nods “You calculate the perfect temperature and you add the perfect solution of milk. I remember when once you stole Mrs. Hudson’s recipe and made biscuits, they were delicious"
Sherlock’s head dips down until their noses are touching, wraps his arms around John’s shoulders, and closes his eyes. The loud music pulses like the crowd around them, but he can only feel John’s hands, his breath, as he sways to nuzzle his cheek.
‘…did you…go on with the case?’ John looks at Sherlock and glances down at the phone, Sherlock doesn’t reply, so he fakes a cough
Sherlock sips more tea, swallows and stares at Mycroft ‘You grew up too quickly with that stupid power complex dad handed you down.’
Mary shuts the phone. John tries to call her again “Mary...Ma—...oh, Fuck." He shuts the phone, throwing in on the sofa, taking the remote control, focusing on the news:
Sherlock gets closer to Victor, slowly putting his arms around him again, smiling. “Everything’s gonna be alright” he whispers. “I promise you”
‘He doesn’t need people around him that treat him like a child, that’s not how friendship works.’ The man lowly expresses, ‘Next time I suggest you to do a little self-review. Just maybe you have something to do with this.’ As he turns away from John, he says, ‘You are right by the way. You don’t know me and that’s exactly why you are not allowed to make up false assumptions about my character.’ He leaves, following the breeze between the tunneled housing.
Sherlock opens the door, still holding it with his left foot and taking a cigarette from the left coat’s pocket. Then goes toward a couple and asks for a lighter.
“He would have done anything for me...I didn’t deserve him...I didn’t deserve his love...I was selfish, it’s my fault.”
‘No, we need the name of the surgeon who operated on Moran. Even if I have to ask to every single surgeon in London who operated on anyone in the last two years, I’ll find him.’
Sherlock ‘No no!..that was..enough’ Sherlock goes toward the sofa, taking his coat, Victor hears him opening the door, going outside the kitchen’s door ‘Where are you going?’
‘Did you hear her??’ Both Greg and Molly look at Sherlock ‘They’re going to make a tv-series about us!’
‘I wanted to know who’s him, what he has to do with Sherlock, not how he's sleeping with Sherlock. You spied on him since he arrived in London, if there wasn’t anything wrong you wouldn’t have done it...so I’m right...when Victor is with Sherlock, Sherlock is in danger, is it true?’
‘The t-shirt.’ He manages to spit out, phlegm following. Eyes shut, thinking. His hands clench around the shirt, thinking. He takes a long breath. As the carbon dioxide leaves him, John hurries to the living room. Mycroft’s phone rings.
"I don't fucking care! I'm leaving you, I'm leaving London, everything, I've been waiting much too long."
Sherlock walks in briskly, his gait causing those present to stifle giggles. Even Donovan cannot refrain from loudly laughing , whilst attempting to gossip with a fellow colleague. Anderson jumps up from his desk chair, throwing his arms out with a wide toothy grin. He sings ‘I will suuuurviiiiiiiveeeeeee!' The office personnel holler back with cackles. Sherlock, embarrassed, rolls his eyes and huffs. He runs quickly towards Lestrade’s office.
The phone starts ringing out loud; John tries to cover the phone with both his hands to not wake Mary up, and then answers.
After reading it, he realizes that John’s gone. He’s alone on the sofa, the sun’s rays filtering though the open curtains as his phone buzzes again.
‘Does the wound on your face hurt, dear?’ She touches him gently; Sherlock takes her hand off his face ‘it’s just a scrape, Mrs. Hudson.’ , then opens the fridge.
Sherlock slides the microphone into John’s hand before he can have second-thoughts. John starts singing; unbelievably, he’s even worse than Sherlock,
"You want to kill me, why? The police is on your way, everyone is looking for you, you're dead, Seraphita. The game is over."
‘Mycroft, why go out of your way to come see me? I’ve  told you I’m not on drugs. Now, go away, goodbye.’ With that, Sherlock flops back into the cushions, and feigns sleep.
After a moment, staring at the dark shapes of their furniture in the bedroom, John ventures warily, ‘Mary?’
“You’re so talented, Victor. Really. You know so much about art, and literature, and poetry. You never let yourself down and you always try to find a solution for everything...you can’t give up now.”
Sherlock walks fast toward the table, taking his phone. “I'm not using him, he's useful for the case because Moran has chosen Victor to mislead us, and now two of his students are involved and he can help us. I’m going to call the CIA Inspector, so that we clear this Victor thing, ok?”
‘Yes..apparently..…I left London thinking about what happened the night before, you can understand I was a bit shocked. I was on honeymoon and I had to enjoy it, but I couldn’t stop thinking about what was happening and how Sherlock was reacting to my marriage. Everything was so confusing, you know… I called Mycroft many times to know how he felt, and Mary started telling me that since Sherlock is back into my life I’ve changed, that I started to be obsessed with him, that things were getting worse..'
Sherlock fakes a nervous laugh ‘just because a man has feminine mannerisms it doesn’t mean he’s gay’
“yes..yes..don’t worry, just...sit down! please!” Mycroft answers embarrassed, almost nervously. John closes the notebook, standing up, going toward the window. Greg turns toward John, concerned.
‘Greg! Yes, we’re here. There’s a long queue, I don’t know if—okay,okay.’ John turns toward Sherlock, ‘he’s coming.’
‘Sherlock!!!Sherlock!!!’  Everyone Looks up in confusion, their eyes tracing the source of commotion.
After a few seconds, a small, middle aged woman gets outside the kitchen, hair tied up, wearing a dirty apron and a rag in her left hand. She looks tired and dejected.
‘A lot’ Mycroft looks his brother in the eyes, challenging his provocation ‘But I presume your attempt to imitate Victor’s cooking to John was a sad disaster since I can clearly smell burnt food and since half of the food is still on the dish in the kitchen’
‘Yes! Come on, we need to celebrate Sherlock’s recovery’ Mary comments ‘I’ll send a message to Molly…Sherlock, do you think Mycroft would do us the honor of having dinner with us?’
‘He’s back with you, Sherlock. He works with you now. You’ve got your friendship back. it’s okay, right?’
Sherlock shifts his weight, sitting more peculiarly on the chair as he relentlessly taps the keys of the keyboard. He takes up the phone, glancing swiftly at the content of the screen before slamming the machine down onto the desk beside the computer. He stares at the blackened screen, thinking.
‘I don’t want to sleep!!! There’s a case I need to solve!! I can’t keep taking these damn pills and feel like sleeping all day!! I’m bored as hell!!!! Plus now you put that stupid alarm system that controls me 24 hours a day, all the doors closed and with key codes I have to type every time I want to open them,  I can’t even feel comfortable when I go in the bathroom, I’m living in Alcatraz!!!!’
‘Hey!’ John stops Sherlock in front of the office’s door, making weird head gestures. Sherlock frowns, not understanding.
He puts the phone back on the bedside table, untangles himself from Sherlock, and gets up. He steps over to the bedroom window, moving the curtain aside to get a clear view of the empty street.
‘Hey!' Victor shows up in the corridor ‘I prepared a beautiful savory stuffed roll, it’s almost finished.’
Sherlock sprints toward the bar, John follows on his heels as always, as they turn right into a hallway.
Sherlock cracks a laugh, putting his right arm on the car window, his right finger rubbing his mouth
“Mary and Sally...Mary brought the photos to Sally and she called Gregson, and I took the first flight to London"
John takes a long breath and keeps his head down. ‘I’ll stay with you tonight, okay? If you don’t want to move’ he peers back to see Mycroft just outside the door, talking to Lestrade. He catches a nod from Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. ‘Okay?’ This time he gets a clear view of Sherlock nodding. John reaches out, and moves a curl from his forehead, before slowly stroking his cheek. ‘Oh my god, Sherlock...I was so worried.’Sherlock closes his eyes, and groans. John touches his forehead, ‘I think you have a fever… do you want a wet towel?’ Sherlock nods, closing his eyes. John stands up and briskly exits to find Lestrade, Molly and Mycroft all standing in the debris just outside the door. ‘I’ll be here with him, don’t worry’ John fixes his gaze at Mycroft.
Angry, John continues to bellow, ‘Oh nothing! Absolutely nothing! I just think that maybe he should stop hanging out with people who leave him half dead on the floor – people like you!’
‘It doesn’t matter.’ John turns his head to align his lips up with Sherlock’s. They share a breath, Sherlock shifts his weight nervously, as a shiver runs down his spine. He closes his eyes to regain some semblance of control. ‘John.’
Then his hand goes down on Sherlock’s dick, starting rubbing it fast, Sherlock stands up a little, his hands on the couch, they both moan loudly, until they reach the orgasm and come. Sherlock lies on the couch, exhausted, gasping, he’s on him, his head near Sherlock’s, whispering into his hear ‘well…that….was…….fun’ cracking a laugh
‘But you wouldn’t look good thin, I mean, I couldn’t imagine you slim, I think you’re perfect as you are!’ Molly answers
John looks at Sherlock, who silently drinks a cappuccino, before picking up a jar of jam and a knife.
Before he could finish her name, he hears what he instantly knows are the kitchen tiles beginning to explode, one after the other. Sherlock jogs back to see them cracking, and flying at him. He doesn’t know where to shelter from the strange occurrence so he barrels toward the sofa. Sherlock flings his body upon it, but not before a tile explodes and hits him in the calf. He covers his face with his arms; pieces of tiles are thrown everywhere, raising a gigantic cloud of dust. The tiles reach the mirror, shattering it and sending little shards all over the flat. Mrs. Hudson runs upstairs, shouting ‘Sherlock!’ When she makes it to the doorway, she freezes, and begins to cry. The tiles continue their mini-explosions in the kitchen, splintering the chairs and shoving furniture from the walls- then it all just stops. Sherlock springs up from the couch, to the chair, then the table. He stands there shocked, heavily breathing, assessing the mess and the damage everywhere.
‘If you need anything, I can help. I would be glad to help you in any way!’ Mary says to the three men, while rubbing her hands nervously.
“Yes...and we want some informations from your insiders about Moran, did you take the file?” John keeps a small notebook with a pen, ready to write everything relevant.
‘I just got finished saying, that it was better for his safety, to be at my home tonight’ Mycroft repeats at John.
They talk for a bit, the man gestures to the pub, they lean nearer to each other; Sherlock lowers himself to listen, and replies shouting. Then the man puts a hand on his own pocket, and shaking Sherlock’s hand gives him a sachet, two times. Sherlock smiles at him and then goes to the table with the suited men. They have a toast with their beers, and a good laugh. They finish them off quickly, and order another round. Then Sherlock stands up, and goes toward the toilet. Once inside, he closes the door quickly and stands near the sink taking a sachet from his left pocket, he opens it and pours out a line on the white sink, then takes a five pound note from his wallet, rolls it, and quickly snorts the coke. His head jerks up from the rush; he puts the hands on the sink, trying to control the effects. He shakes his head, and slams his eyes shut.  He feels his body shaking, and burning for few seconds, then suddenly a breath of relief. He looks at the mirror in front of him, pulling at his nose, and then leaves.
Mycroft is sitting in front of the fireplace, a bit sleepy. His left finger on his temple. When he hears the door opening, he whispers ’Sherlock’, clearing his throat and taking a long breath. He turns when Sherlock is on the living room’s doorstep, meeting his eyes. Mycroft knows Sherlock is upset, but he stills smiles at him.
‘Sorry, I don’t believe I quite understand what you are implying.’ The man easily expresses, though he nervously shuffles the books in his arm. He clutches them more tightly to his chest, as John does not move away.
He stands still for few seconds, looking around, putting his right hand in the pocket, ‘I just wanted to know how you felt.’
John looks Sherlock in the eyes, asking for the truth “And you chose to love Victor, because he’s in love with you, right? You’re both in love with each other?”
Sherlock just stares at him for a long moment. Then says, ‘It’s. Fine.’ Sherlock turns his face toward the pillow again.
Back in 221b John walks into the bedroom with a tray of chocolate milk, and chocolate biscuits. Sherlock’s watching television, and when John walks in he lowers the tv volume to hear an exasperated ‘Finally.’ John ignores the stroppy comment, brings the tray to rest on the bed, and sits down next to it.
“No, seriously...I’m..” he shakes his head. “I was a dickhead, sorry. You were trying to help me and I acted like a moron.”
‘So, you should understand that I’m busy too sometimes. You know I have a wife. Am I asking too much of you?’
Sherlock stands up quickly and goes toward the laptop and turns it on, then opens the alarm system program
John’s forehead is pressed solidly onto the side Sherlock’s jaw, until he pulls it back to look up at his best mates closed eyes.
He comes back with a red marker; John gives the needle to Mycroft, and makes a small dot on Sherlock’s indicating the center of his heart.
Greg, Sherlock, John and Molly are having a night out at the pub. During the dinner, there are flashbacks about the week Sherlock passed during John's absence. As usual, to listen to the songs ---> right click and 'open in a new window'.
"It's alright John." I said wrapping him in a hug and kissed him. "I love you John. Don't you ever forget that."
They let me out of the hospital that day. I ignored the questions Mycroft and Lestrade kept asking. Lestrade put reasurring arm on my shoulder. I shook it off. "JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!" I snapped at him. He pulled his hand back slightly scared. "I'm sorry." I whispered. I climbed into the cab before realizing... I didn't know where to go. I could go to the flat but Sherlock wouldn't want me there.
I grabbed his hand and dragged him upstairs. "We need to relax. Forget about this for a bit and have some fun." I said as I relaxed on the couch.
"Why not invite Mary, Harry, Sally, and Anderson as well." I suggested. He nodded and scribbled down some more names.
I reached into my pocket and pulled out the tiny black box I had gotten a few days ago. I opened the box and picked up the ring. "I wish I was able to tell you how much I cared about you. You were the most important person in my life. I wish you were here or that I had gathered the courage sooner to tell you that I love you."
"Sorry. No. It's not funny but you, John Watson, make me human. I have smiled and cried and laughed a lot more in the past few years of my life than I ever have in my whole lifetime, especially these past few days. I love you John Watson and I am so very glad that we are getting married because if I had to spend the rest of my days with anyone, I'm glad it would be you."
"Okay, good." She said pulling away. I smiled slightly before I winced, my head turned to the side. She... She just slapped me. "Don't you ever do that again." She yelled.
I eyed Lestrade and began to wonder if he had anything to do with it. "Stop staring at me Sherlock, you have a fiancé " Lestrade said chuckling.
"Only if you agree to tell me about the hospital, will I tell you." I said and John nodded slowly. I took a deep breath before recounting my dream.
I sat there, staring at the stall and wondering if he'd like the resort I picked out. It was in Laughlin, Nevada. It looked like a great place when I looked it up. It was called the Avi.
"Oh god Sherlock. I'm such a mess. I'm so sorry. Why did you have to leave me alone? Life has sucked without you... not one worth living." I whispered. I heard a few footsteps behind me but I ignored it, thinking it was those silly teens who liked making fun of me.
They deserved to be together and happy and it's either the best thing for the both of them or the worst.
Sherlock was shaking my shoulder. "We're here." he whispered, wiping the tears from my face. I opened the door and quickly walked upstairs. I immediately went to our room and layed down on the bed.
"Are you okay?" I quickly asked, a little worried. I didn't want to lose him for real this time. He chuckled and just gestured towards the couch. I nodded again and quickly walked over to the couch.
"Yes!" he yelled, then quickly quieted down because he realized we were still in a hospital. I thought I had lost him and I was terrified but everything was better now. Everything was going to be so much better. I sighed contentedly, sitting down and waiting until they let me back into the room.
"You amaze me sometimes. You are willing to put everything aside to help out everyone, even if you get hurt in the process. God I love you." I whispered hugging him tightly.
"John." I knew that's why we were here but it hadn't made me any less nervous. I truly felt bad hurting everyone John cared for but he needed to know the pain I felt. That's why I had agreed to help this person in the first place. "No more parents. No more therapist. Who should we kill next?" he said chuckling. My blood ran cold at the sound. "Perhaps his sister... Harriet?"
"Quit being rude." I then turned toward the cashier and smiled. " I'm so sorry. Ignore him. He isn't the friendliest person."
"I'm sorry." she whispered. I stepped back, tears falling from my eyes. No it can't be. I pushed her out of the way and quickly made my way to his hospital room. The doctor who kicked me out, was slowly shutting the door. He looked up at me with a sad expression.
The man behind me gripped my shoulders tightly. I growled, wriggling out of his grasp, swiftly turning to face him "Don't touch me again or I will rip your throat out." I snarled before turning and stalking to the creaky door out front. I slammed the door open, being as loud as I possibly could and grinned when I heard the groan coming from the other side of the warehouse.
"We don't have to if you don't want to." Sherlock replied. I shook my head and stood up, breathing in shakily. I grabbed his hand and led him back upstairs.
After messing around for a while we relaxed in the canoe, smiling. Someone drove by on a boat, music blaring. I was about to yell at them to turn it down but Sherlock started singing.
"You really don't have to do this. We can find someone else to take this case... we can... we can..." I traled off when John started laughing.
Sirens blared as the police cruisers turned down the street I was currently on and skidded to a halt in front of the Cafe. A shot was heard and my eyes widened in fear, my heart racing. I burst through the front door and my heart stopped at the sight I saw before me.
Sherlock chuckled, heading toward the counter and paid for our rooms for a week. As soon as he paid we took the bags upstairs and relaxed a bit.
My breath caught in my throat and I turned to him. Did he actually ask what I thought I heard? My eyes filled with tears again and I wrapped my arms around John. He started wriggling around, trying to get away from me but I wouldn't let him.
I got a photo album full of photos with the four of us from Lestrade. "I'm sorry. It's not the same now but I hope you like it anyway." I nodded and thanked him. I got two tickets to Italy from Molly and I knew it was for the two of us. I also got a new clarinet from Mrs. Hudson.
"I'm sure you're quite right and it could just be a different version of what previously happened." I said and he nodded silently. I waited for him to start talking but he didn't. "Well, your turn. You need to talk."
I don't know how long I sat there in Lestrade's arms, crying but we eventually moved into the waiting room. I stood up, and began pacing around, too nervous to sit still. Waiting for news was always the worse especially in a case like this. I had no idea if he was alive again or when they were saying he was officially dead. John was the most important person to me. He was kind and caring. He was always there when I needed him and sometimes even when I didn't.
"Oh my goodness. You always said you hated the otter and hedgehog thing. You claim it makes no sense because we are people not animals."
The sirens got closer until they were right outside the Cafe door. I was vaguely aware of someone screaming. It sounded like Sherlock. That's funny. Why was he here?
"No. No." I freaked out. "Someone help me right now!" I yelled, carrying John out. They placed him in the bed of the Ambulance before speeding away. Lestrade gave me a ride to the hospital where I sat in a private waiting room, pacing around. I couldn't lose John.
"I am teaching my fiancé how to dance." I whispered and we twirled through the dimly lit room, the only music, the thudding of our hearts.
"He moves to much when he talks to the police. He keeps looking around the room as he comes up with new lies. His answers aren't clear and direct they are varied and sound like he doesn't remember or is confused. He has a nervous air to him when he talks to them. Like two minutes later he's in his house flipping out about being recorded in handcuffs even though it was only for a few seconds. He started screaming about everything and at everything and everyone. That's what the whole show's going to be about. I'm already bored."
I grabbed my phone and sent Mycroft a quick message. 'Don't let Sherlock leave the flat. Please.' Then I left. I knew that Mycroft would do it even though I don't know why he would. I quietly opened the door and left the flat, walking to the Cafe where we first met.
"Sherlock," I whined mockingly. I opened my mouth to say something but there was a loud gasp behind the counter. Sherlock and I both jumped slightly.
"Yes!" I yelled throwing my controller onto the couch. John looked at me startled and I just smiled. "I won."
"Yesterday, you said that it was a crappy first date that was a little bit too late and you asked me to marry you." He got down on his knee and opened the box I had seen in his drawers a few months ago. I never wanted to open it though.
I scowled at him and cringed as he smiled widely, his yellow, crooked teeth making it look deranged. He put his hand in the small of my back and I growled, trying to get away but he shook his head and I tried to calm myself down. I did not want to screw this up. I may not have met this person but I knew that he had a reputation for changing his mind quickly. I did not want to get on his bad side.
I looked up startled by the sudden noise. "Wh-what?" I groaned, watching him over my screen. He continued reading as if he hadn't said anything.
A loud bang resounded through the Cafe after she fired the gun. I clutched my stomach as I fell to my knees. I bit my tongue, trying not to cry out in pain. "Till next time John." she whispered in my ear before disappearing.
I sighed, shaking my head and looked at the screen again, trying to figure out what to say next. "We should do something. Maybe go somewhere." He sighed putting the book down.
"One last pair. I promise." I nodded and sighed as he walked back into the stall. A woman sat down next to me.
When he finally did open them he looked shocked. "You're not real. You're not real. You're dead and just one of my many illusions. I'm just seeing what I want to see but I you're gone."
"I thought you would be just another fat, lazy drunk. You weren't and I was confused. I felt a strong bond and refused the money your brother offered."
I slid in and winced out how loud the door sounded in the quiet of the Cafe. "Well done. I was beginning to think you wouldn't make it."
"What was? Oh and I was right. When he was hooked up to the heart monitor and was answering the questions he got a -24 which is the lowest score you can get when getting your heart rate tested. Then of course he starts yelling again, coming up with excuses as to why it was jumping about." I was still watching the telly as John watched me, fascinated.
"Hello Mycroft. It's nice to see you again." Mrs. Hudson said cheerily, as she made her way up the stairs.
John meant everything to me and I couldn't bear the thought of losing him. I grabbed his hand and leaned down, kissing his knuckles. He was so beautiful. I brushed some hair out of his eyes and smiled slightly. It may have taken me forever to realize that I loved him but and I realized that I couldn't be happier. I would do anything for him, and in a way, I already did.
Making our way around the people that always seemed to be milling about the hospital, proved to be extremely difficult. We did manage to make our way through the crowd and down to the mortuary though.
‘..I'd like to talk to you about something important, if you have any time’ ‘Sure, is it for the essay? Or the exam?’
Sherlock opens it: it’s a map. There are signs and drawings, and on the bottom left there are 4 signs:
‘You know..love...feelings. But I realized nothing of what I thought is true. He’s good, yeah,..a good guy. And you...you’re in love with him. I respect your choice, and I hope you’ll be happy with him.’
‘Wait, wait,’ Mycroft smiles, gesturing for her to calm down, ‘I’ll sort it out. I’m sure the minister will understand.’
The door downstairs is shut, when Mycroft walks in, he sees Greg sit on the sofa, his right leg crossed, his hands on sofa’s arms.
‘Ha ha, very funny. Compliments, you’re all hilarious, now get back to work, and the one who doesn’t bring me that list in time will be fired!’
Sherlock takes off his dressing gown, taking his coat and going downstairs, Greg runs following him.
John doesn’t answer for a while, walking with Lestrade. He splutters, ‘He’s… No, I mean I can understand if his brother wants to look after him, because he’s been weird lately – more so than usual. Nobody knows why, but do you never wonder why all this is happening?’ He stops Greg, hand straining the officer from stepping forward. John attests, ‘I’m not talking about the case, I’m talking about Sherlock. His behavior toward me… toward everything - you know. His reaction when I told him about the honeymoon and his strange vistors.’ Greg pulled his arm from John’s hardening grip, stepping back slightly. John leaned closer, nose to nose with Greg whom stared anxiously, ‘That guy who was at his home and then at the Rockets… where is he from? Who are these people who go out with him? They clearly aren’t the right sort if every time he’s with them he ends up coming back with a drug-use problem.’ Greg reaches out. John hastily backs away, hands raised defensively as Greg attempted to touch him. Greg lowered his arms, restraining himself from forcing a hug upon his distressed friend. John raged, ‘I don’t understand! I can’t figure out what’s happening and Mycroft knows, but isn’t telling. I mean come on - he knows everything! That is why he has told you to look after him.’
I then turned and walked out the door, ignoring his shouts of protest as I made my way down the hall. Lestrade wrapped an arm around me but I shrugged it off. Mycroft glared at me and I glared back as I stormed out of the hospital and I didn't miss his worried shout after me. I climbed into a cab and told him the adress to Baker Street.
A faint rustling made it's way to my ears as I was heading to the door and I froze, slowly turning to face John, lying in the bed. He couldn't be... could he. I walked forward slowly, head slightly tilted, strainging to hear another noise. I watched carefully but nothing happened. I sighed, believing that I had just imagined it but then there was another rustling sound.
"Sherlock..." John croaked. I froze and cursed myself for being so weak. I schooled my expression and turned around, glaring at him.
"I'm here John. I'm right here." I whispered, slowly sitting back down and grabbing his hand again. "The doctor said that everything was going to be fine." I slowly started drifting back to sleep with that thought on my mind, a small smile on my face.
I woke up early the next morning and groaned as I rolled over. My hand met the empty bed and I sat up, freaking out for a moment. Where was Sherlock? Then I heard the quiet playing of the violen echoing through the flat. I was so happy to have Sherlock back.
"But the no dashes thing... that rule is right?" John asked a little angry but trying to stifle his laughter. In the end he failed and we all started laughing. People were passing us but weren't too far ahead.
"This way." Lestrade mumbled gesturing upstairs. I nodded and quickly followed Sherlock up the stairs and into the room. His eyes twinkled and even though his face was really stoic, I knew he was glad to have a case.
"Look at this he even has a hideout. A place that he can co in case something like this happens. No body plans this stuff out just in case. He planned this." I said. John looked at me again. He looked like he couldn't believe I just pieced all of that together. "Sorry again." I apologized.
"Follow that police cruiser." I said and the Cabbie nodded. The ride was silent for a bit until John laughed, shaking his head. "What?"
Maple Treeway. Good. I was great at this map. My brother and I chose our karts and started the race. Within moments it was only him and I racing for first place.
He smiled as he rested his head on my chest. I ran my fingers through his curls, smiling because of how lucky I got. Finally I heard his breathing slow down and I knew he had gone to sleep. I waited a good half an hour before sliding out of bed.
I wasn't doing too hot. Baby Peach kept pushing me off the sides and I kept dying. I was getting aggravated. It was the second lap and I got pushed off again. I went from 2nd place to 12th in a matter of seconds.
I wandered around the gift shop and came across a picture on the front cover of a book. I really liked it too. It was an otter in a scarf with his body twisted around the hedgehog, looking down at him as the hedgehog looked up. The number on the side said 221B and it took me a second to realize that the number was our address.
Then I heard the telly. I sighed, glad that I heard it because Molly was never home when I woke up. I pulled myself out of bed and stumbled into the living area. "Ugh you're watching that American show. The uh... OJ one right?" I mumbled and John nodded.
It felt like hours before the plane finally took off but it was a relief when it finally did. I hated airports.
Sherlock hailed a taxi and we both climbed in. I stared out the window trying to figure out what she meant. Where what began? Where we met? That was probably the most likely.
Everyday he would do this and everyday my heart continues to break into a million pieces and it hurts. When Molly would bring me food, she would hug me and tell me everything would be alright. She always told me I should just give him a hug and tell him everything's alright but we both knew I couldn't because it wasn't the right time yet and he could be killed.
A loud noise woke me from my slumber and I sat upright, quickly, looking around in horror. I was on alert before I realized what the noise really was. "No..." I whispered hoarsely, not believing what I was here. Trying to make myself believe I was dreaming. "This can't be... you're supposed to be okay." I whispered, heart stopping as a bunch of doctors rushed into the room.
"He left me Mrs. Hudson. I don't know why I let myself believe he was any different than anyone else." I continued to cry until I had no more tears left. She helped me into the bed, kissing my forehead before leaving. "Thank you Mrs. Hudson." I croaked as she turned the light off.
"This isn't the time for this kind of conversation. How about we start on our wedding plans?" he suggested.
"He woke up. Lestrade, he woke up." I said, crying slightly. He pulled away, looking into my eyes, searching to see if I was lying before pumping a fist into the air and smiling.
"I've been spending way too long checking my tongue out in the mirror. Bending over backwards just to try and see it clearer, but my breath fogged up the glass."
"I don't like how close this case is to you. You almost died and I don't think I could handle that so... I thought we'd go on vacation. Have some fun. You'll be safe too."
"You're on." I growled. It's been long since either of us have played. There was no way I could lose.
The cold air bit at my nose and I coughed as I came to a halt, staring up at the creaky building in front of me. The windows were smashed and there was mold on the walls. Graffiti decorated the place and it was rather dark. Shivering, I checked around me once more to make sure I wasn't being followed before heading in through the door.
"Yeah. Most people do anyways. But no matter where you go there always be those few who don't. Don't worry though." She said reassuringly.
"Not always. Please..." he begged and I sighed, agreeing to play a few games of rummy. Sherlock won almost all of them.
"What did you come here for exactly?" I asked cutting John off. He glared at me and I shook my head and he nodded, understanding we would talk about this later. Lestrade's confused expression fell and he turned to me.
"Oh thank god you are okay. I was so scared. I thought I lost you for a while there." I whispered as I sat down. I leaned forward resting my head on my arms on his bed. He smiled, chuckling, as he rand his fingers through my hair.
I closed my eyes, sighing. Why would he leave so late? It's not like he something to do. Then I remembered the letter he found at St. Bart's yesterday. Oh no, why would he go? I goraned as I grabbed my phone and dialed Mycroft.
"Nothing. He was just leaving." I said. John looked at me, then to Lestrade, then to the files in his hands. "Thanks, Gavin but I think it's time you should get going."
I grabbed the two cups and set one at the table beefore going to my seat. Then I stared across that table and tears filled my eyes. I rested my head in my arms and let the tears pour out of my eyes as I cried over the man I longed to see again.
"I'm sorry." she would say and then she would wipe a tear from my eye. John is the only person who makes me cry, makes me smile, makes me feel human. Hell he made me laugh in the middle of a crime scene on our first case. I smiled at the memory.
"When I examined the clothes I found a strand of blonde hair I thought it irrelevant at the time but it appears I was wrong. I would say run the strand but Mary isn't her real name so it'll come up as something completely different. So use the DNA from the trophy. It should come up with a bunch of aliases and one of them should be Mary Morstan or it'll come up with one name. If you searched hard enough you would find that Mary Morstan and the person who showed up on the DNA test are the same person."
Sherlock came in and hugged me tightly. "I'm so sorry, John." he whispered as I cried into his shirt, soaking it.
"He's going to be okay." Lestrade whispered and I thanked him quietly. I got up and started pacing again because I couldn't stop moving. A nurse walked in and studies us for a moment.
"You know them." he stated and I nodded. I tried to catch my breath, my eyes filling with tears. It was impossible. I thought they were dead. How are they here right now?
Tears slid down my face as I cried and sank to the floor, my hands gripping my hair. I couldn't take it. I tried so hard to keep him alive but it was all in vain. I just lost the person I loved the most. I tried to hold back my sobs but I couldn't. Sobs wracked my body and I rocked back and forth, forehead on my knees. Lestrade wrapped a comforting around me, whispering things to get me to calm down but I couldn't hear him.
"He'll be fine Sherlock. You'll see." Lestrade whispered. I nodded even though I wasn't so sure about it but I smiled sadly and quietly thanked him. He jumped back in surprise by my gratefulness and despite the situation, I couldn't help but chuckle. Light filled the room as the door slightly creaked, opening to reveal a nurse. My smile fell as I studied her, hoping against hope that my deductions were wrong.
"Yeah." Lestrade said, hanging up. I stuffed my phone in my pocket and ran as fast as I could down the streets of London. It was a beautiful night and I thought it wasn't fair that it was so nice when something so horrible might be happening right now.
"Everyone told me it was a great show so I decided to watch it. This is the first episode if you want to watch."
I smiled at John sadly before turning to my work. I was going to get this done as fast as I possibly could so that we could get out of here. John didn't need to be around these people any longer than he had to.
He hung up, telling Donavan that it he was murdered with poison water from the shower by Mary Morstan. He told her to check the DNA on the trophy. Then we headed out of the flat and into the cab, driving off towards the hospital.
"That it was." Sherlock said, a smile evident on his features. He's smiled a lot more recently and I fall in love with him every time he does it.
"You made it." she said slightly surprised by this fact. Sherlock nodded, still not saying anything and she took that as her cue to show him what she needed to. "So apparently, this Mary person, is really good at sneaking into places. This mark on her neck..." she pointed to the mark on the back of her neck. "Wasn't their before."
"What a wide range of people we could murder. Who next? His banker? Maybe Molly? Oooh, oooh, I know... let's kill Mike." he said happily. I nodded slowly, knowing he could see me and he chuckled darkly. "Mike it is then. That's it for now. Bye." he said his voice rising slightly in pitch on the last word. He spun on his heel and walked back the way he had come.
He chuckled ang hugged me again. We watched a bunch of corny Christmas movies as we ate our dinner, talking about what had happened over the past two years. Mrs. Hudson was still living here as normal. John had moved out and was going to marry someone but that didn't work out very well because of how upset he still was, so he moved back into the flat. Lestrade and Molly finally got together and everyone seemed happyish.
"What do you want with me now?" I whispered under my breath. I unlocked the phone, pulling up the messages to see what they had said.
I started nodding off myself when the front door opened and Lestrade and Molly walked in. Lestrade walked over to me and reached out to grab my back but jumped back when he noticed a sleeping Sherlock in my lap.
After quickly buying the shampoo and arriving at the airport I found myself extremely excited to find out where we were going.
"Yes. I do." he mumbled. He took the files from Lestrade who looked between the two of us before nodding and leaving us to it.
"Quite the opposite actually. He's been rather pleasant." Lestrade answered trying to mock me. John started laughing and I couldn't tell whether it was because he thought it was funny Lestrade tried to mock me or because he just called my brother pleasant which was far from the truth.
"No I don't mind. I want this over with as soon as possible so we'll work until we get it done." I nodded and moved over to examine the body.
"He's going to be okay. He's not awake but you can go to his room." she said. I mumbled a thanks before stumbling to the room and falling into the chair beside his bed. I grabbed his hand and fell asleep, head on the bed.
‘Well, your performance wasn’t better than mine. You even stumbled around the stage with your eyes closed!’
Sherlock looks at Mycroft once more before turning to Greg "Well, since you're here...it's time to show you a research I did before about a woman called Seraphita Sebastian Moran."
‘That day I was waiting a friend of mine to come over for a cuppa, and then our usual Saturday night karaoke evening at a pub we like.’
‘Yes, but…' Greg looks back ‘We should wait for some people to walk by so that we can follow them, and hide in the crowd’
THE TIGER TAKES THE LEAP, THE EAGLE SPREADS ITS WINGS WHEN TIGER DIES, HE LEAVES HIS SKIN, WHEN PEOPLE DIE, THEY LEAVE THEIR NAMES:
The man places the wrench onto a nearby tool table. ‘I’m coming.’ he whispers at his friends. Then he walks up short staircase in the far left corner of the garage, slamming the door at the top shut once he has passed through.
"I’m not here to talk you about poetry, anyway...I shouldn't...since I’m not a teacher anymore..they fired me"
Molly quickly checks at the menu ‘Ehm….Okay, I take a Sirloin steak, with field mushroom, grilled tomato, chips, mustard & tarragon butter…. I haven’t eaten all day!!’
‘Well, a bit yes……but I swear I saw a couple of gossip magazines at your home, which it means that you like to entertain yourself reading that shit and you’re annoyed by such an important book for the worldwide literature?’
‘I’ve never done this before either! And I’m not going to start now! You wanted him at home, and that means you’re gonna give him the shot!’
John hugs him tightly, stroking his back “He wanted to save you...” John comments with a broken voice.
‘<<7/10/96 – Today I brought the camera at university and made some gorgeous photos of my friends, then we talked at the café about Rome…Carl and Betty told me I should continue attending classes…but I really don’t want to, I’m already bored with this life…>>’
‘No...not now. Later, just...relax!’ He commands no longer looking at the Inspector, but eyeing the club warily.
‘He faked his death, John! Just like me, he didn’t really die. He’s still alive!’ Sherlock grabs at John’s shoulders. ‘Do you know what this means?’
‘I should have known it. You had to take a week of relax because John was away and you took me, and now that you don’t need me anymore you’re just throwing me away’
“I'm not in Baker Street! I'm home! Our home! And lately you keep disappearing without giving me any answer."
John hugs him back, tightly, closing his eyes, feeling Sherlock’s bones under the dressing gown. “I’m here, Sherlock...I’m here.” John tries to hold back the tears “I’m sorry.”
‘I don’t know, but he doesn’t dislike them, he…he’s glad. You know him, he’s not so friendly’ he smiles.
John is the first who walks out, Greg is rubbing his hands, walking outside, covering himself with the jacket ‘it’s freezing tonight’
‘<<6/10/96, hour: 10:00 am; Alex leaves the class, the professor Morgan said ‘You…Alex…always going in the bathroom rolling joints…>>.’
‘When he got out of prison, he came to London straightaway. He told me he had to meet someone…a man...he had some evidences with which to accuse him'
On both the small TV in front of them, and the large screen behind them, the song title the big screen pops into view, it reads:.....
Sherlock turns, a car is waiting near the street, ‘Ok….goodnight’. Smiling, he turns back, keeping his hands on coat’s pocket and walking away. They all say goodnight to him, while John peers at the car, slowly turning his head down, trying to see who’s inside. Sherlock opens the car door, the light turns on. John takes a long breath, mumbling some words, then the car leaves.
The woman moves over to James, and gestures over to Sherlock. James morphs his face into annoyance, as he walks quickly towards Sherlock.
Greg races down the streets as fast as he can with one hand; the other has his phone pressed to his ear.
‘Booooring!!!’ Sherlock shouts standing up with his chest, the legs still laying on the sofa ‘I want to have fun’ he goes closer to him, looking straight at his eyes.
"The day I kidnapped the two kids from the college...I was sick. So I started to think that I was pregnant. Before that line went blue, I was Moriarty's woman,..a killer ready to die for him. But when that line became blue, I couldn't do it anymore. I escaped, changing face and name. I had a son, and I decided to not follow that life anymore. I didn't want you to know the truth!" She holds the tears "When you came back I knew you were ready to investigate about Reichenbach again, and I knew you were going to find out about my identity when Adair died. You ruined my life, you've killed Moriarty and now you're killing my life and my son's life!" She shouts.
He starts singing‘FIIIRST I WAS AFRAAAAAAAID I WAS PETRIFIEEEEEEEEED THINKING I COULD NEVER LIIIIIIIIIVEEEEE WITHOUT YOU BY MY SIIIIIIIIDEEEEEEEEEEEE’ . He comes back near the stereo and puts the music at the highest volume, then starts twirling and playing an air-guitar. AND SOOO YOU’RE BAAAAAAAAACK, FROM OUTERSPAAACEEEE Then takes a pen on the table and pretends it’s a microphone, dancing around the room singing.
An opened suitcase is on the sofa, full of shirts and trousers. Mycroft is arranging his sweaters on the table. Sherlock enters in the living room, he looks gloomy. He notices the suitcase on the sofa, snapping at his brother. “You’re not going on holiday, Mycroft. it’s a hospital, you won’t wear your ties.”
Mary takes a long breath, staring at Victor giving him a quick smile. “I could kill you right now and nobody would notice it"
“But I never knew the truth about us!...you knew it Sherlock? Do you know what we were doing? Me and you...sleeping in the same bed, waking up together, having breakfast, saying ‘good morning’ to each other like we were married or something, and carrying on with our lives. It wasn’t a friendship anymore, but we both didn’t know what it was, right? We only kissed once..just once! I didn’t know what it meant for you. And then you died, and you let me grieve you for two fucking years. And when you came back I was pretending that everything was okay, but it wasn’t. I hoped that things could change. But nothing happened, I just kept regretting to have married her while you had met your soulmate, the man of your life! While the woman I chose is lying to me since the first day and I don’t know why. Everything’s crushing in front of my eyes, Mary....You....”
Mycroft stands up quickly ‘I’m leaving, you’ll take a taxi in 15 minutes. Then leave at Pall Mall, a car will wait for you and bring you at Whiteall, the dinner is at 6 pm, the minister is always punctual, we’ll have a few discussions about two amendments and laws we have to change, the first two will take 20 minutes of talk, and not so much responsibility, the Russian Case is much harder, but when we’ll come at it we’ll serve the cake, so thereafter he will probably hint at the night I ran away from the convention, I’ll answer I took the first train to Cardiff because my bellowed wife died, in that moment you’ll give your condolences saying you didn’t know anything about it because you were busy with the Moran case, the minister will do the same and after some minutes of chatting he’ll finally leave, you’ll follow him commenting it’s a bit late for you, too, implying you’ll leave soon, he’ll say good-bye reminding me to call him on Friday to let him know the law passed and will successfully walk away.’
‘I know, I put it off on purpose’ walking toward the kitchen, opening a furniture and taking a pack of biscuits
‘Yes,’ Lestrade points toward the list. ‘And the list is quite long, so I suggest we divide the work, what do you think Sherlock?’
Molly, smiling 'It's set in the Victorian era. In Doyle's book Mrs. Hudson is older and it's Sherlock's housekeeper'
Sarah screams and cries, head down, long hair covering her face full of tears: “I don’t know!! I don’t know!! Leave me!!! please...."
John looks dejected and shocked “I didn’t know it...I...he seemed to feel good...I couldn’t imagine..and Sherlock didn’t tell me anything.”
Correct: Our friendship means a lot to me, and I really want us to work this out. I hate fighting. I care about you more than you know.
Mycroft cracks an ironic laugh ‘How brave, my little brother, ….thinking he can manage the abstinence as he likes, it reminds me of the old college days’
Acknowledge the disturbance: I know I hurt your feeling when I said the salad was the worst, I’ve ever eaten.
I think you should take a vacation, dear brother. This wedding is clearly inducing a stress response.
‘Yes?’ bringing Sherlock closer to him, his hands on his waist, giving him small pecks on his cheek.
Anderson, trying to ease the situation ‘Ehi! Let's sing the Stevie Wonder song all together’ starting playing awfully the guitar 'HAAAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU'
He stands up, still clutching the phone, though his sight is still a bit blurry, and falters in his quest for the toilet. He makes to the kitchen table before the phone trills again.
John peers at the usb on the table, he takes it, and goes upstairs, taking his laptop. When he comes back in the living room, Daniel's mother knocks at the door, followed by Mrs Hudson.
At the loud and foul language, Mrs Hudson pops out of her flat and climbs up the stairs to cast a doubtful look at Sherlock.
Mycroft doesn't answer, glancing down, then takes a long breath and starts talking again, slowly. ‘Our mother died in 1992,....I was at the college,...last year,...ready for the university...Sherlock was at primary school’. Suddenly he stops. Silent, again.
‘<<8/10/96, hour: 8:00 am, at the parlour with Sherlock and Carl, making breakfast with coffee, tea, and croissants>>’ then Sherlock whispers ‘…parlour?’
Jeremy Brett smiles "I'm proud to portray such a genius and great human being. I'm not sure we're going to see him, tonight. He hates it!" He laughs. "But I'd be glad to meet him, one day."
“Good...there’s the dean, too!” A students points with the finger to the department head. Another student whispers to Victor’s ear from behind “There’s the press, too...one of them made a recording with the camera when Mark was reading, he got too excited and stuttered” he laughs, snorting. They all giggle.
Mycroft is leaning against the table, leafing some document’s pages, when John walks in. ‘Ohh... it will take long time, apparently.’
Sherlock shakes his head, as a blush creeps up his neck, and jerks a thumb towards the privèe section. John sighs, but relents, and when they arrive, they find Greg lounging on a sofa. John waves a ‘hello’, and Sherlock elegantly folds beside him.
John’s mouth quirks into a lazy grin, and pulls at Sherlock’s waist, so that they’re pressed up against one another.
John brushes a soft kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck, takes a breath, and closes his eyes. They fall asleep nestled together on the sofa.
'My feelings were really hurt by our fight. I felt like I was being attacked and didn’t have a chance to defend myself, even when I tried to explain things later. Our friendship means a lot to me and I really want us to work this out.'
John is thoughtful, while looking through the window cab, Greg occasionally looks at him. “what are you thinking about?"
"You would love to wear the costume of Mary Morstan, but you're Seraphita Moran. And each morning, when you wake up, you're Seraphita Moran, not Mary Morstan, the lovely Watson's wife."
Sherlock sips tea with a disgusted face, swallowing slowly. ‘It..’ coughing ‘was about...a woman who killed his husband’
‘A Provencal tuna sandwich, with tomatoes, scallions, mustard, boiled eggs, black pepper…it’s a bomb food, but it’s really good….I can make a Frisée salad, if you want something lighter’
Sherlock ‘Of course he was sent by someone else! Moran would never drive a car, risking to be caught by the CCTV, somebody promised him a good amount of money, his family mustn’t earn much money since his brother death, so he accepted.’ Sherlock goes toward the office door, going away.
John, looking at Victor: ‘We thought it but….then we realized it wasn’t true..Mary, please, calm down!!’
‘We’ll check the fever now.’ John takes a thermometer and places it under Sherlock’s armpit, closes it, and holds his hand. Sherlock’s eyes flutter open, and John whispers ‘how do you feel?’ Sherlock stares at him for a while, smiling. ‘Thank you’ he ekes out, his voice hoarse.
John stands still, astonished and embarrassed. Then he starts pouting, and looking to Lestrade to figure out what he should say.
John takes time, breathing deeply, biting his lower lip while looking at Greg “Do you remember when this case started and we were in your office and you asked me to come back with Sherlock after he came back from death?”
John shakes his head, nervously ‘I can’t believe that…he’s doing all this,….with him…with this…man. I can’t believe it. And things are getting worse, because I don’t know what’s going on in his life and he doesn’t want to tell me. Victor Trevor is keeping us distant.’
Two cabs pull up in front of the pub. The temperature is almost freezing, and not helped by the misty rainfall. Music spills out of the pub, many people stand outside drinking beer and talking. Five men get out the pair of cabs, three of them in black suits, one in a jacket and a white t-shirt, while the other a purple shirt. That one glances down at his phone briefly, before walking inside. A bodyguard is left to stand outside. Sherlock walks into the pub with his collar flipped up.  A short fat man at the bar turns toward him and widens his arms, welcoming him. The shake hands, and Sherlock walks over to the bar, and gives the barman a nod. A waiter arrives at the bar with a tray, smile at Sherlock, and then winks at him. He asks for Sherlocks’ order while caressing his arm, and Sherlock tells him to send beers, burgers, and crisps to the table with the suited men he came in with. A couple at a table near the bar watches him, while talking softly to one another other. He can’t hear what they’re saying, as the pub is full of patrons drinking, talking, and laughing. Sherlock leaves the bar and goes toward the man he met before, the music is loud, they can hardly hear each other. He has to dip in close to his ear to be heard.
Sherlock and Victor are having dinner in front of the fireplace, with a wool blanket on the floor and a bottle of wine and Japanese food. Victor pours wine in the glasses.
‘I thought it would have been easier to come back with Sherlock, but..it seems harder since he has that new…
“Oh, for fuck's sake, you two are leaving me alone in this case just because you don’t talk to each other!”
Wow, what a wise man you are! My compliments! He said I’m full of myself. Can you believe that? Me?’ John looks at Mary, a nervous laugh erupting from deep in his throat. He imitates him, talking with a French accent,
‘Sherlock…the milk—‘ John takes a handkerchief, and gives it to Sherlock who cleans his face with it.
Sherlock places the handkerchief on the bedside table, and continues munching his biscuits. ‘That’s all?, that’s why Lestrade got you out of bed?’
“I’m sorry...but We can’t. I told you. It’s becoming ridiculous and embarrassing. Please...Mr. Trevor,...get out of this office, there are students outside this door that are waiting to see me. I can’t help you. I’m sorry."
Drops of tears are falling on the paper, Sherlock whispers with his voice trembling, shaking. ‘I needed you and you never noticed it.’
‘Do it, punch him in the face, shout, cry, but DO SOMETHING John! Sherlock has been back for close to five months now, and you still haven’t talked to him about this. We’ve been out together, with Mary, Molly, he even went to Anderson’s birthday just to see you and be near you! I mean, he just spent the whole evening with that frozen smile of his, staring at you and waiting for something.’
"You cannot go there... wherever there is." he said quickly, seeing the look in my eyes. I had to though and he knows that I will go. "Please, you can't." he whispered. Seeing the look in his eyes hurt me so badly.
"Well, I just did." He rolled his eyes before leaning back on the couch. "So what did you come here for?"
"So why choose me? I am sure Molly would have been more suitable for this dull task." I glared at my brother. He could be so rude sometimes and it aggrivated me to no end.
I smiled as I pushed myself out of bed. A phone ringing echoed through the flat but Sherlock didn't answer it. I sighed as I walked out of the bedroom. I picked up Sherlock's phone which buzzed in my hand as he got a message.
I. Buckled and showed him how to oar. We attempted turning and ended up going in circles, laughing, splashing water on each other.
I walked over to John and chuckled when he looked at me confused. "You haven't figured it out yet?" I whispered and he frowned, shaking his head. I stared at him for a second and smiled when his eye lit up with realization. "There you go."
"I'll be out in a second. I'm just going to make a cup of tea. Want one?" I asked. John nodded again. I quickly made our cups and sat down in my chair. They were interrogating him and he kept fidgeting about.
I decided that I should go so I could at least get some stuff before going somewhere else. I told the Cabbie the adress and stared out the window. Tears streaked my face as I thought about what had happened. The person behind Mycroft was going to shoot him. The cabbie had waited for Sherlock to get out. He was going to shoot them. I couldn't let them get hurt.
"Right, yeah, sorry... uh. What did you guys find? Mycroft just told me you found something so, I came."
I growled in frustration, eyebrows furrowed in concentration. I studied the contents of the bathroom, looking around to find something that could give clues. "Do you mind if I look at the clothes?" I asked.
I walked over to the cabinets and opened them, ruffling through the stuff. "Hey! What are you doing?" she yelled as I searched. I pulled out a small slip of paper. 'Meet me where it all began.'
So I waited until the front door opened loudly. I then kissed Mary passionately. I had to pretend to enjoy it or they would die. I smiled and groaned and kissed her, imagining she was Sherlock. At least then it would be more bearable. When Sherlock came in Mary hadn't noticed but the look on his face was pure pain. My heart shattered and I groaned again as she rocked her hips.
He challenges and surprises him. He makes him question his life, wonder if he's truly happy where he is. When he was with Molly, it was different, it was pure and will always be good for him but it isn't what he truly wants. He wants someone who can surprise him and make him smile at the worst of times.
"I.... I hurt him so badly. I had to. Mary was going to kill Mycroft. She was going to kill Lestrade and Sherlock too and I couldn't watch that. I had to... to..." I sobbed. She wrapped me in a hug.
"You're always important. There is always enough room for you." I smiled, blushing a bit. I then cleared my throat and pushed him towards the dressing room. "Now try on those pairs of shorts."
"We are I  the states. No one knows you. And you wonder why everyone draws the scarf on your otter. You never take it off."
"Mycroft's orders I presume. Why would he do this? Why wasn't I allowed of the flat? Unless... no he wouldn't... would he?"
"That was quick. Wait how did he..." John started but trailed off when he saw me shaking my head. Mycroft had cameras everywhere. I have gotten rid of so many in the apartment but no matter what I do, I can never seem to get rid of them all.
"We are very antisocal people. There will be like four people at our wedding." he chuckled and I nodded in agreement. Then flashes from my nightmare flittered across my mind. I turned my head away from John, willing the tears not to fall.
Mycroft pushes his way towards the couch and noticed that we were playing Mario Kart. "Move over. I wanna beat my brother."
"Because I'm having so much fun." she whined. She closed her eyes and sighed and I took that moment to stick the needle in her arm, turning up the morphine amount and watching as she dozed off.
When I finally did I saw Sherlock, my Sherlock, looking at me with tear-filled eyes and I knew this wasn't real because an affectionate Sherlock is one thing but never in a milion years would you find Sherlock crying.
I finally sat down, my head in my hands as I awaited news. Waiting was absolute torture because even though there wasn't any bad news, that didn't mean they weren't working on it right now. A bunch of doctors and nurses ran past the room and I sat back, trying to breath normally.
He grabbed a book and sat down to read and I huffed. I hated not having anything to do. I have read every book in this room. I've seen almost every show or guessed the ending of it and I was already bored. I snuck over to John's chair and slid down the back and into his lap.
I ordered John's second choice of meal as usual and we talked about what to do afterwards. We decided to go to a castle and have some fun today. Once we finished our dinner we started heading towards the castle when I got a call from Molly.
"We'll just give you a minute." Mycroft said as Lestrade finished undoing his ropes. I hadn't even realized the other man was knocked out in the corner until now. They both hurriedly made their way out of the room.
"Did I really hurt you that much, to the point where you are going to kill everyone I love?" I asked.
"It'll be fine for a bit." Mycroft assured. I had a feeling it wasn't the only reason he was there but I wasn't going to press him for answers.
I quickly apologized, sliding the paper into my pocket. "Sorry I mistaked what the arrow meant. We should get going." I suggested. Sherlock nodded and I thanked Molly, apologizing again, as we left.
Sitting around, day after day, doing nothing was boring. John would come by everyday and break down by the grave. It was devastating. Everyday he got thinner and paler. Darker bags under his eyes.
I chuckles and followed him out to the cove. He grabbed a canoe paying the amount of money needed and dragged me towards a secluded area... well more secluded than anywhere else on the beach.
He changed me so much. He made me a better man. Kinder. I was so worried when Moriarty said he had snipers on him and I almost jumped immediately. I would have if Moriarty hadn't given me a disapproving glare. He hated that I had emotions. He hated that John had changed me. So when he killed himself, I couldn't find another way to save him, so I jumped. The result was horrible but at least John had been safe.
"No. Come on. We need to go visit Molly." he said. He ushered me over to the cab and cralwed in after me. He looked out the windo after giving the adress to St. Bart's and we took off, leaving me wondering why we were headed to visit her.
"Of course dear." She then quietly shut the door leaving me to my thoughts. I turned over onto myside and stared at the wall. Suddenly I sat upright. I remembered where my stash was. I slid out of bed and onto the floor. I reached under the bed and up to the bar just on the side. I pulled the tape down and smiled as I stared at the sryinge.
There were the autopsy reports which we didn't need to look at. There were also interviews with people who last saw them. John sighed and got up to start making coffee. "Do you want some?" he asked. I hummed in response and stared down at the papers. There was nothing here. I groaned before silently sneaking up behind John and wrapping my arms around his waist.
"I'm sorry. I can't be here... I'll just... I'll just go." I mumbled and I left. Sherlock said something to Lestrade but it was drowned out by the roaring in my ears. I sat at the bottom of the stairs, head in my hands, trying to even my breathing.
Finally we had found the shorts. This was one long trip and I did not have the patience to wait any longer. I pulled some shorts off the shelf and handed them to John.
Then it was Sherlock's turn to give me my gift. I was so nervous for what it was because he always managed to surprise me. "John, do you remember what you were saying at the grave yesterday?" he asked.
"That's impossible. They died... years ago." I sank to the floor staring at the couple in front of me. The woman was dressed in a beautiful black dress that reached her knees. Her hair curled, eyes closed. He was dressed in a tuxedo and looked just as she did. They looked as though they were sleeping if it weren't for the cuts on their face, arms and legs. The red hand marks on their necks.
"Ah, Rosamund Mary." he said, silky voice rolling throughout the whole place. I kept my face impassive, wondering how he could possibly know my real name. No one knew my real name. "You're probably wondering how I knew your name..." he started and I frowned. Could he read my mind or something? "You hid very well. Not perfectly though, some people can read through your files and figure out easily that you had faked your death."
This was the man he loved and cared about. He looked down at Sherlock, running his finger sthrough his curls and John knew, he was exactly like Lestrade. He wanted the danger and the man in from of him, the one who he has been through a lot with, was able to give him the life that he so desperately craved and he couldn't be happier.
The mark looked like an arrow and Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "Molly take her dress off and flip her over." I said. Both Molly and Sherlock were slightly taken aback by my command. "Please." I added.
"And how do you figure that?" John asked. He was already used to my analayzing the shows. So he just went along with it as he had done so many times.
"Mary Morstan. John showed me a picture of her and I asked Mycroft for help on digging her up. No reports of anyone named Mary Morstan ever coming into London."
"I was expecting to live alone for the rest of my days and I was going to say goodbye to everybody today. It was going to be the last day I would..."
"WHAT DID YOU FIND?" Lestrade asked bursting into the room. I groaned pulling away from John and glaring at Lestrade who turned bright red. "I am so sorry." he mumbled and I chuckled slightly.
"Don't you think that's a bit far? Perhaps we should stay with people in London, easier access, more we can kill in short periods of time." I said coldly. He paused a moment, considering this. I wondered what he looked like. All I could see was a shadow of a figure about 5"8' and the tip of a shiny black dress shoe.
I thought back to our first case. I had just met this man and he was so willing to jump into danger. He didn't mind my babbling and then random days without talking. He may get annoyed with the violin but he doesn't care. I had just met this man and he worried about me so much that he figured out where I was and shot someone, killing him, so that I wouldn't die. Neither of us knew if I was actually going to or not but he didn't want to take that chance. I then lied to Detective Inspector Lestrade to protect him, which I never did, without thinking twice about it.
"Mr. Holmes?" she asked. Lestrade looked up and Mycroft chuckled. He and I both said yes at the same time and the nurse looked shocked for a second. "Sherlock Holmes?" she tried again and Mycroft looked down.
"I don't know." I mumbled. He sighed and sat back on his feet. Sherlock started talking to Lestrade but I zoned out. Who else could Mary be going for? So far she only seemed to be going after the people I knew in London. Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Mycroft, Anderson, Sally, and Sherlock.
"Do you want a cup of tea?" he asked. I nodded and silently got up. He started making a cup of tea as I dressed. I sat down on the couch, reading the paper, and occassionally sipping my tea.
"Yeah. Last night we went to the morgue and grabbed a locket because it wasn't there at the crime scene." I gestured him over to the microscope and quickly adjusted it so that he could see the inscription better. "I studied this, this morning and I found this." I said, stepping aside and letting him look at the locket.
"No." I hung up and handed the phone back to Lestrade who looked at me confused. I looked back down to Mike and moved his head to the side. Large bump on the side of the head. Knocked out. Person had time to change the water in the pipes. But poison can't just settle into the body by touch on the skin without leaving any marks. There are no marks on the body so he had to have gotten it into his system somehow.
I looked around my room and packed a few clothes. I heard Sherlock talking downstairs and for some reason I stopped to listen, even though it wasn't any of my business.
I slowly walked up, dreading what would happen once I reached the top. The flat was silent. He must have gone to bed. I walked up to my room and packed a bag. I did it as slowly as I possibly could. As I started walking down the stairs, a feeling of dread settled over me. I'm not entirely sure why, but I opened Sherlock's bedroom door.
Soft crackling filled the room as the fire lit the area in a soft, warm glow, flickering as the breeze blew in through the slightly cracked window. The coffee table was pushed closer to the fire so the files strewn about it could be seen in the dark night. A bottle of whiskey lay empty on the carpet and two glasses sideways on the table.
I had long since stopped carding my fingers through his hair and I couldn't breathe for a moment. I struggled to catch my breath. I tried but I couldn't get any air and it occured to me that I was completely freaking out.
We passed off our presents. "I'm sorry I didn't get you anything but you were dead." Lestrade kept saying. Molly smiled and handed Sherlock a present and he smiled gladly. I adopted his scarf so he finally had one of his own... again.
"Don't ignore me John. I'm bored." I whined. He continued to read and I sighed. "Please..." He rolled his eyes and looked at me, before getting up and grabbing my wrist.
I could solve this case but then John would be stuck in a situation where he may lose all of the people he cares about and I can't do that to him. But if I don't do anything and leave it to Scotland Yard it will take forever for them to catch the killer, if they ever do.
"Come have a seat." she said patting the bed next to her. I walked over but I refused to sit. John grabbed my hand and I shook it off. Tears filled his eyes and I saw Lestrade staring at me in horror. Mycroft, a look of fear. I yanked the morphine needle out of John's arm, ignroing his shout in pain. "Going back to your drugs are you?" she asked, eyebrow raised.
"Because it's the same shade of blonde as her hair with a little bit of a darker color where the hair was obviously died before. I knew that she had brown hair before she died it blonde so I could only assume it was her. As for the Mike thing, he set up John and Mary when I had 'died' and no one told him that things didn't work out. He believed they were still together, having no idea that she wasn't on his side. He thought that they were still friends but he couldn't have been more wrong."
"Help. I need help now." he yelled and then he turned towards me. "It's okay John. Everything is going to be okay." he whispered kissing my forehead and I smiled. Then everything went black.
Home could have been in the middle of the ocean on a tiny island but it wouldn't matter as long as John was with me. I bent my head low as we left the graveyard because no one knew I was alive yet.
I grabbed my phone to check the time and it was only 12:30. It was still dark out so John should still be sleeping. The bathroom door was wide open and there was no telly on. I looked over and found his phone gone. He must have left the flat.
He immediately wrapped his arms around me and kissed back. I heard a snap as someone took a photo. Chuckling, Lestrade left to go get it developed and when he finally returned he put it in the last page of the photo album. The words 'Will you marry me John Watson?' and 'Yes!' were written on the back as he slid it in.
"Well then there's the obvious fact that he found out his wife was dead and didn't even shed a single tear."
"The gun I used to shoot the cabbie on our first case, was locked away in my dresser drawer. About 2 maybe 3 months after you had died, I took the gun and said goodbye at the cemetary. I shot myself in the chest but they managed to save me. So the next time I used a knife and I tried again. 4 times in total because I couldn't handle being there without you and it killed me. So on that day you came back I had a knife in one pocket and a gun in the other in case the knife hadn't worked. I was gonna aim for the head that way they would save me but I'd have really bad brain damage if I ever woke up, or I would die."
When I refused to see him he would wait and try to help in whatever ways he could. He had always believed in me, even when no one else did. I loved him too much and now I knew how he had felt when I jumped two years ago. It was the worst possible feeling, losing someone you love.
"Like where the Pink Lady case was?" he asked. I nodded and he quickly put on his coat. We trudged down the stairs and to the front door. "There's been another case Mrs. Hudson. We'll see you later." Sherlock yelled behind him. I chuckled at how cordial he was being.
I ran up to the front doors and opened them walking over to John's room and quietly opening the door. I froze when I saw what was waiting for me on the other side.
"Who are they?" Lestrade asked again. I glared at him. It was obviously not the right time to be asking these questions. He put his hands up in surrender and I walked John down to the cab.
"As a matter of fact I do. It's a requirement." I said cheekily. John chuckled as he left to change.
"Lestrade, he's in trouble. Meet me there as soon as possible." I yelled already running off in the direction of the cafe.
He nodded and I leaned over the bedside and kissed him on the forehead before sitting in the chair the hospital provided. It wasn't comfortable but if it meant I got to stay at John's side, then I didn't care one bit.
"Thank you Sherlock. Honestly, thank you for thinking about me but this is so much bigger than the two of us. It may hurt. I may lose everyone I used to know but I want to know why. Why did they choose me and my family? Why did they wait so long to do it? Who did it and how do they know me?"
I am so sorry that this chapter was short. I also know it was kind of out of place but I felt it needed to be there. I think this turned out horribly so please give some feedback. If I made any mistakes, please let me know I will fix them. Thank you-Levi.
I smiled slightly when he chuckled. I ran my fingers through his curly locks as his eyes drifted closed. He nestled in closer to me and I chuckled at how adorable he was when he was asleep. When he was awake, he was always thinking. He never seemed to stop but when he was asleep he didn't need to think... he probably still did but it didn't show like it did when he was awake.
My eyes snapped open as I gasped for air. I wiped the tears from my face and groaned. Why did I have to keep dreaming about those horrible nights? I knew I was probably whimpering or screaming or making noises of some sort. I hoped that I didn't wake John up. I rolled over to find that no one was in the bed.
"Please just stay here Mycroft. Call us if there are any changes. You shouldn't have to be here too long." Lestrade begged and Mycroft's eyes softened.
"Just a little exhausted is all. I havent's slept very well for the past two years. Probably 10 hours a week at most." he said.
"For dealing with all of my crap. After all of this time, after I left, you could have forgotten about me. You could have lived with Mary and lived happily. You could have never wanted to talk to me again. So thank you."
John looked done. He wore all black and he had already been crying. My scarf was still wrapped around his neck but he still shivered as he walked over to the grave. He immediately fell to his knees. He looked so exhausted, as if he hadn't gotten a good night's rest for a long time.
I gasped as I opened my eyes. I had another nightmare about losing John. Last nights was so much worse now that there was a murder related to him. I don't know if I could live with losing him. I
When we pulled apart for a breath, I chuckled. "You definitely wouldn't have been able to do that. Thankfully you can and I can tell you just how much I love you." I whispered leaning down to kiss him again. "I love you." I whispered before pressing my lips to his and feeling him smile as I did so.
When the cabbie pulled up to the flat, I tossed him some notes and made my way inside, slamming the door shut behind me. My facade fell and I slid down the door and sank to the floor, letting the tears fall. I was a fool for letting myself believe that I could be loved by this amazing man. From the moment I met him I knew I was screwed. I would do anything for him even if I didn't want to admit it. I let myself believe that I could actually live a normal life. I would find love and have a happy marriage. I should have known from the start that it couldn't have worked out. Now it was too late. My heart was broken and I couldn't do anything to repair it.
We sat in silence for a little while before I shuddered. John chuckled and wrapped the scarf around my neck. "Come on let's go home." he said.
I sighed, dropping my head. He chuckled as he walked back into the stall. The woman next to me started laughing as soon as the door shut and I glared at her.
