“I won’t ask what your relationship with him is, but I have to ask you this , do you really trust him?”
Steve’s right hand was still resting atop Tony’s chest and could feel the rapid hammering of his heart  underneath it.
“Tony is not going back to the mansion.” He said firmly and Bruce sighed pulling out his phone and starting dialing
“he is having a flashback,  it happens sometimes when you undergo some form of trauma. For him it’s the cold from the ice.” He heard Clint explain quietly
“Just fucking don’t” he said holding his hand up and Steve did shut up because Tony looked downright devastated and angry
"Hey! Why did you do that!" I bellowed irritated. It was the only fun I was having all night and I had had only one.
As Steve threw the carton box away, Tony sat swinging his legs on his desk. He watched as Steve cleaned up and then finally looked at him
“To my place. Eat” he added and Tony’s eyes went wide in surprise but he didn’t dare ask any questions afraid Steve would change his mind.
“Tony, sweetheart can you sit still for me? Just for a few minutes” he made displeased sound but sighed and settled down. Steve knows that this time Tony was not on morphine and he will remember everything they talk about.
Once he stopped and nothing more than bile was coming out , steve reached around him pulling him away from the closet.
It didn’t take long, steve was eager to meet the surgeon and wanted in on the details. He knew he had a lot to catch up on.
Steve panicked just a little bit when he saw only the agent that was meant to be with Tony  but no Tony.
“What’s wrong sweetheart ?” he asked softly trying not to urge him and Steve knew that one word always had a full effect on him.
“You guys will have five nights to talk about it.” He said and they nodded understanding that it really wasn’t Steve’s place to tell whatever the hell was going on. They then excused themselves to go to their lockers to retrieve their books before school started .
“I can’t blame you for you did today, because I know why you did it and I know it’s what I would have wanted to do if I were in your shoes. But the serum is what makes me withstand these things and this is what I am meant for-"
"Are you sure?You seemed pale before the shower as well today, tony" Steve's over-concerned voice said. "I am fine, really.I need to head down to the lab now,widow's bites need an update."
“Put it on, I am sure if anyone can pull it off, it would be you. Do you need help?” steve asked and Tony stuck his tongue out at him and Steve ignored him as he helped take his shirt off.
“ What do you mean he cant breathe? What happened?” he asked as he followed pepper towards wherever Tony was.
“tony come down for a second" Steve asked but things with Tony were never easy. He whined and knocked his head against the machine and grumbled something  to himself .
“Steve can you here me? It’s tony” he wasn’t sure if he nodded or not but the person who asked him that was now shaking his shoulders.
Just as he stepped out of the room, he was interrupted by a frazzled looking agent “captain, do you have a moment?” She seemed nervous and Steve figured she must be new around here. The new ones were always nervous around him.
"And how many have you been in?" He asked raising his eyebrows at Tony who only stuck his tongue out at him. He knew this had to be Tony's first considering how their first kiss went.
“ obie got a call yesterday from the principal, did you guys have something to do with that?” he asked chewing on the nails of his finger.
“Looks like you are the one who needs the pass to the nurse huh Mr Rogers?” He said smugly as he walked away.
"A little healthy now and then won't hurt you tony "he admonished as he guided me to an empty chair at the table and put a plate of what looked like blueberry muffins and quinoa? ew.
Steve was deliberately holding back even though it was getting harder by the second and Tony’s muscles clenched down around Steve’s cock as he rode through his orgasm , and Steve moaned at the stars he saw at the tightness, and momentarily lost his control as he felt the electrifying pleasure take over and he pushed deeper and harder making Tony’s body spasm and shudder around him.
“what did you do to me, is this why I am feeling so weird ,?” and then as an after thought he added “I don’t like feeling like this" he whined and to emphasize the  ‘feeling' he lifted his arm out of the water and watched it fall limp back into the water again.
After five minutes of awkward silence, tony cleared his throat and sat up straighter while Steve lazily picked up another paper as he looked up at him “what can I help you with , Mr stark?” He asked politely allowing tony to carry forward this conversation.
Without letting go of his face Steve pulled back a little “why did you go through all the trouble of hacking shield and calling natasha?”
“what is so interesting in that book anyway? I know you both have been spending every minute together discussing the arc reactor. Bruce please tell me he is okay" bruce sighed exasperated because this is not the first time Steve had asked him ,more like the tenth in the past week.
It was actually a pretty decent place,  but how Clint managed to find one that had no other occupants was beyond Steve. Tony followed silently behind him and as soon as Steve shut the door he dropped the bags carelessly down onto the floor before turning to face Tony.
Tony visibly swallowed before nodding and Bruce sighed in relief. Which made steve think the palladI’m poisoning was actually at it’s worse.
“I am not going anywhere Tony, I want to make sure you understand that.” He said when he finally got him to look up , tony obviously had insecurities regarding Steve’s presence but it was Steve’s own fault, he was the one who had left him yesterday without a goodbye.
“Yeah, probably broke a rib or two. But it’s mostly gone now “ Tony was still looking a little worried “tony look at me" he asked
He smiled when a mop of curly wet brown hair peeked through the door. He knew exactly whom that head of hair belonged to and he wanted nothing more than to run his fingers through them.
"Tony! Are you done with the Armour?"Bruce asked, Tony made a so and so gesture at him sitting down on the far end of the furthest chair from Bruce.
“Shut the fuck up, no way!” and Clint grinned from ear to ear happy at Tony’s reaction to their superhero alternative.
“Yup, I am glad. I really have been slacking off , need to catch up.” He said waving at the book in front of him.
Anything and everything else could be dealt with tomorrow when steves brain was actually tracking he decided as he succumbed to the dark behind his eyes.
Steve cleared his throat as he crossed his arms and leaned against the wall to let Tony know he was standing there. He jumped a little at the noise in the silent corridor and turned back looking at Steve trying to hide his surprise.
“You want me to lay down with you? Will that help you sleep?” Because Steve can do that now and tony seemed eagerly happy about the suggestion. He manhandled tony , albeit mindful of all the injuries and wedged himself between tony and and the couch holding him securely.
“Don’t you have a class?” Steve asked because he just couldn’t look at the saddened look on Tony’s face anymore. He knew he was being rude but Tony is just a teenager. These feelings will just pass on just as fast as they had come for him.
It was dark, and cold and Steve couldn’t keep himself from shivering. He tightened his told on tony, as he tried desperately to breath and push against the massive pressure of the water . The water was swallowing him whole and he panicked unable to surface ,no amount of trashing was enough to get in even a minuscule amount of air he so desperately needed –
“we are suspecting that they have access to some alien weapons. The kind Loki had with him last year when he invaded New York. There is a link somewhere and we have not figured it out yet. So we need you to run interference if anyone on our team is unaware of the effects these weapons have.”
“There we go, good job. Take some deep breaths for me” he coaxed as he felt his breathing slow. Tony sagged against him, grip lax as he fell asleep from exhaustion.
All in all, Steve’s first day had been good. Before he knew it, in the next few days he was back in his school day routines. Grading papers, setting assignments and reading up for his next class.
Steve ignored her comment and instead asked “what are you doing here? I thought you had a mission report to write?”
Reaching into his nightstand he pulled out a small rectangular box , about the size of his palm and he crouched in front for Tony and handed it over to him.
“Don’t worry guys we are actually here to make sure Steve here doesn’t drive you guys crazy" natasha said and high fived Clint and the crowd cheered.
“are you laughing?” pepper asked frowning and when she caught the look Steve shared with Tony she whipped around and glared at Tony “what’s happening?” she demanded and Tony backed up a step pursing his lips and throwing his hands up in the air .
But Steve knew it was not the time to deal with that. He ignored his own needs and lifted Tony to turn him around so he could look at him. His eyes were downcast and he was having trouble holding his head up.
When steve tried to tightened his hold on the teen, Tony refused to let him instead he turned his gaze down to his now free hands that were dancing around nervously around each other.
He was clearly agitated and Steve let him continue , pursing his lips “I know I am younger okay? And I know I won’t understand everything but I am not stupid and I am allowed to worry about you too. It’s not a one way thing" his breaths were becoming panicky and Steve smiled at him pulling him closer
“all I know is that he is asking for you and is refusing to let the med team help” she said, wiping her sweaty palms on her skirt. Steve wasted no time in giving thanks and walked around her to get to medical. It was two floor below them, taking the elevator he ran into Clint and nat “hey, slow down” nat said as he skidded to a stop inside the elevator.
“Uhm, he will be alright" he said and neither of them mentioned anything knowing it was better to let Steve deal with this kind of injury.
“You need to wrap this, this is worse than I thought tony” he said dropping his hand after he didn’t find anything shifting under his fingers and when tony only looked more reluctant he added “you don’t have to go to a hospital. Go to the school nurse , she will do it for you,do you want me to give you a hall pass?” He asked patting his pockets looking for a pen.
None of them were sure how long Tony would have to stay here, they didn’t know what they were dealing with the reactor and caution was their only upper hand with it.
“I never said that, I wouldn’t have said that” he mumbled and now Steve knew it was real. He took several deep breaths to carefully contemplate how to handle this. He had expected it and yet it was still just as shocking and jarring.
“Where are they going?” tony asked , shuffling the cards in his fingers and Steve didn’t know the answer to that but he knew why they were leaving and he had been dreading this moment ever since  bruce had told him.
Steve was fresh out of the shower feeling a whole lot better about everything already when the door to his bedroom creaked open and he smirked when he saw the brunette sticking his head in looking around
He changed tactics this time, using a firm tone as he held up the syringe again, “see this? This is local anesthetic, there is no needle okay? Only the barrel” he said as he wiped around the head  of his cock with an antiseptic wipe.
So it was a shock when he did see Tony again the next day in his class. He didn’t look like himself at all. He looked exhausted, his eyes cast down. He didn’t look up when Steve started his lecture.
His back snapped up , eyes blinking itself open when Steve announced his presence. Steve wanted to give him a reassuring smile but he kept it carefully contained as he started the days lesson plan.
Steve shifted and let Tony go after giving him a tight squeeze, “ let’s go get something to eat yeah?” he asked swinging his legs over the side of the bed to get up but Tony caught his hand and tugged on it so Steve would fall back on the bed
“Stane?” She asked as tony pulled the blanket up over himself again and unconsciously tucked himself into Steve’s side prompting him to wrap an arm around him securely.
“okay , good talk. I need to head to shield, have a meeting with fury. You need to get your head in order and Bruce,  do you need a ride?” Everything came to abrupt but satisfying end. He was feeling a lot better from the fuming mess he was in the morning. He realized they had actually spent all evening discussing about this. He didn’t know where tony was at the moment but he knew clint was with him.
“so I knew I had to calm him down , and In case I wasn’t able to , I didn't want Bucky to know that you were associated with  me in any  way af it would give him more incentive to harm you.”
“Did you let him see me like that?” nat said voice clear as day like she didn’t just wake up. She was leaning against the the back of the couch brushing her hair with her fingers
“You need to get out of here. Is he good?” Steve still hazy in his mind blinked a couple of times before looking down at Tony’s face, he seemed completely relaxed now the flush almost gone from his face.
He hadn’t expected the Norse god to be occupying the extra bed , but it didn’t deter him from sinking to his knees and placing the lightest of kisses to Tony’s chapped lips. He stayed there in that position for a few minutes,  head cushioned on the pillow that Tony’s IV clad hand rested on.
“Is it now?” he asked amused and Tony’s nostrils flared as he explained and Steve couldn’t help but fall in love just a little bit more at his expression .
He guided them so Tony was laying down under him ,Steve's pants were straining at his hips and he needed them off desperately  .He put his knees on either side of tony straddling him and bent over him to kiss him.
Tony was right, he did fall asleep really quickly and was even snoring lightly which is why Steve felt bad when he realised that it was already time for him to leave. He hadn’t really got much sleep but was content just laying next to Tony. He also knew if he didn’t wake tony to say goodbye then Tony would be mad at him in all his teenage glory.
“I feel fine” Tony insisted as he snaked up a hand behind Steve’s neck playing with the golden hair.
Tony’s attention shifted to the television and Steve put the sandwich natasha made in Tony’s hand and settled down pulling Tony’s head against his side and natasha slid his feet over her lap.
Tony didn’t move an inch and had paled significantly in comparison. “will you be okay with what happens, if that happens because obie is family?” to this Tony shook his head vigorously but he was still frozen in place.
“nothing is going on. I am fine, you already saw that yesterday” he said slapping at Steve’s hands again.
“Bad enough” steve said seriously and Tony huffed smacking him weakly on the chest and Steve grabbed that hand and held it tightly.
“I don’t care what attitude you show me but after everything everyone has done to make sure you are okay, you don’t get to go on a self hatred rampage and hurt yourself!”
“Calm down baby, I am very happy you enjoyed it. But honey listen to me .Right now , child protective services are going to be looking into your life very closely and this is something I should not be doing to you, you are still a minor Tony. If they find out, if stane finds out things will not be good  okay?” tony nodded but way too eagerly for Steve’s liking. Steve knows he is young and doesn’t understand the repercussions but he really needed him to.
Not to forget the hand shaped bruises all over his torso, when stane sees it he is not going to forgive Steve no matter what.
I looked at thor he made a so and so gesture still looking unsure of what was happening. Thor was only going to give blood for the sake of publicity, since he is asgardian we can’t actually use the blood for purposes other than research. Then I looked at tony who was already sat down on of the chairs ,so I shrugged and walked over to the empty bed.
“Tony?” steve tried again finally Tony noticed him and his head whipped around and he smiled brightly at Steve around his screwdriver that had gone back to his mouth.
“I am not sure, there was a kid sixteen at most that knocked on the door.” Steve winced as Bucky nailed the age spot on. I don’t know what happened, one minute I just wanted to open the door and next I was strangling the kid. I just… he…I..am sorry.” He struggled to finish by this point clints eyes were wide looking angry but natasha kept her cool.
Steve finally took pity on him and opened his arms and Tony gave him a ‘are you crazy' look and Steve smiled picking him up anyway like toddler and Tony held on tightly legs wrapping around his torso afraid he will fall.
“One of the boys may or may not have landed on top of me” Steve cringed internally at the thought of someone falling on the already small framed brunette. Tony was small for his age, his cheeks still had that roundness to them but Steve found it adorable none the same.
steve waited a few minutes, as he rubbed gentle circles on his back. He didn’t know how to make this better for him.
But he did understand that shield definitely has been looking into Bruce’s work on radiation, and that’s how they probably found him. They have been on a spree of finding anyone who can answer questions about the alien technology. But the way Bruce spoke of shield , he definitely didn’t know that yet.
“maybe we can ask bruce if you can take a quick bath today huh?” he said as he ran his hands through his hair to tame it a little.
“yeah. I think you got that right. Come here, please.” He said once again and Tony shuffled a little closer but still stood a good three feet away. Steve rolled his eyes and turned towards the other two.
“Don’t feel good" he said his throat sounded raw and Steve smiled reassuringly at him before sitting down completely onto the floor.
He shuffled back a few steps from Steve “I can go by myself" he said irritated and walked away before Steve could say anything. And Steve didn’t see Tony in class for the next three days.
“don’t want to hear it" he said walking away and Steve had to control his urge his roll his eyes a the dramatic man.
Five minutes later and someone knocked on the door, and Steve didn’t miss the way Tony tensed up before steve said
“How are you feeling?” he asked looking at him with an intense gaze and Steve nuzzled his face into Tony’s stomach.
“stop being difficult , it’s just a bath Tony  please" he was practically begging now cause they had been at it for atleast twenty minutes now. Tony stuck his tongue out at Steve and then very graciously snuck a hand into the water and splashed Steve.
“Nope, not happening. In case this is a dream , I want to be awake for it" Steve chuckled as he pulled the blanket up over Tony’s back covering the bruises and Tony snuggled closer to him.
"okay ,take it easy please?" Steve said as he let me go. "yes,daddy!" I quipped as I walked out,imagining the blush creeping up Steve's face.
“I saw Tony with pepper and rhodey as well today morning.” What? Steve didn’t know if he should be mad or annoyed or concerned.
“ its transparent that all you want Tony is for his brain. The child is a genius but that is what landed his father his death. And I promised Howard that I will protect his boy from it no matter at what cost.”
“Oh" Tony said cocking his head eyes tracing over every inch of Steve’s exposed skin. The bruises were massive but already faded more or less. There was a large red welt running from his left wrist to the his shoulder and all the way down to his waist. It didn’t hurt but it stung a little when Tony ran his finger along it.
“Hey, are these Steve’s tags?” she asked reaching for them , she tugged on the sheets to get then open and Steve scrambled to keep them above his waist while Tony told her how he got it
I was so comfy settled in between Steve and Bruce, so when I felt Bruce lift up from the couch I whined and snuggled closer to Steve my eyes starting to drift close. I heard Bruce muttering something to Natasha and walking out of the room. Steve ran a hand across my cheek and slapped me lightly "Tony I need you to wake up" He said gently lifting me into a more upright position my back resting against steve's chest comfortably.
“-eve" steve head shot up to meet Tony’s at the sudden fear and tremble in his voice and they both stood up quickly hands hovering waiting to help
“Buck Its me ,its steve" he said recovering enough to sit up but still holding his hands to shield himself from any more blows.
“Because it didn’t happen in the gym” Steve was running out of patience, tony never said anything more than short clipped statements which never explained themselves. It only made Steve want to yell at him to spit it out already.
“Come here" tony looked surprised when Steve pulled him along with him towards the couch and sat down pulling Tony onto his lap. It was awkward for a second until Tony readjusted on his lap and settled with a shy purse of lips.
“I drank a little . I am sorry. “ he said looking down avoiding Steve’s gaze and Steve lifted his chin up to study his face as Tony tried to pull back.
Tony was blushing so hard now, Steve could see the red travelling down along his neck and disappearing  beneath his open collar and Steve wanted to chuckle so badly at what Tony had just admitted but he kept his face straight seeing as how much this was seeming to trouble him.
“Baby" he said and Tony respond with a “hm?” steve chuckled at him before kissing his already swollen lips
“hey buddy , you okay?” he heard bruce ask Tony and Tony didn’t reply and Steve assumed he must be still embarrassed to answer out loud.
“either of you remember if you spoke about the mission there?” right, because that would be the obvious way to keep tabs on tony , a camera or surveillance at his mansion.
Clint cleaned up behind them , natasha kept up a constant conversation to keep Tony from spiralling back and thor was nowhere to be seen.
off to the bathroom still grumbling about super soldiers and how they can drink all they want the night before and still wake up as fresh as ever .That's what it was.
Steve shifted a little , scooting backwards until Tony was leaning on his chest, and he kept up a soothing rhythm as his hands ran up and down Tony's arms. Natasha pulled Tony’s shoes from his feet , followed by his socks and put them under the bed.
“What does this have to do with me getting mad?” now Steve's heart was racing and he unconsciously tightened his hold on Tony
“We will also do a chest x ray and last but not least , get him some nutritional supplements” he finished with a no nonsense tone and steve appreciated the way he mentioned the x ray without worrying Tony or he was just too focused on the blood draw that he hadn’t payed attention.
It took a team effort and a lot of bribing from Steve’s part to get Tony to stay still long enough for the doc to draw blood. He whimpered and whined through the whole process and when he was made to lay down for the x ray he threw a fit.
He figured this was the best apology he was going to get and took it “I was just doing my job” Tony’s face fell, he wouldn’t have noticed if he wasn’t looking at him.
“Happy now?” He asked and tony nodded, smiling as he stared in awe at Steve. “good, we have a lot to discuss but I want you to sleep for a bit first” tony shook his head immediately trying to get up.
“Are you sure?” He nodded and Steve took the step back to him and this time Tony flung his arms around Steve’s waist and tucked his head below his chin as Steve wrapped his arms around the boy careful not to brush against his pants.
“once, he tried but nothing-“ Steve had stood up and was out the door before tony finished that sentence “-happened”
Tony was mostly okay, a lot of bruises , a mild concussion and his left wrist was sprained. But what stood out the most starkly was the two hand shaped bruises on his torso against his pale skin where Steve had held him tightly when they had hit the ground. Steve knew he had to be careful, or his strength could do some serious damage to normal people.
Tony didn’t respond to him at all and Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair , gently rubbing at his scalp soothingly
Steve reached out , grabbing his hand and pulling him towards him “hey, it will be fine. I am captain America remember?”
Steve groaned when he suddenly realized that he had forgotten to check in on tony. It was the weekend and Steve knew he was going to be busy with shield. So he probably wouldn't get to see Tony until Monday.
“you mentioned several times yesterday that you didn’t want to go with obie, is he the one hurting you?” Steve watched as tony shuddered , shock and fear flashing across his face as he stared at Steve’s hand beside him.
“Okay calm down there .” clint said un buckling as he stood up stretching his legs as the quinjet docked.
“think you can change into some clean clothes?” he asked picking up the scrubs and showing them to Tony. But tony wasn’t listening to him.
Two days, he can do this, he just needs a nice hit shower, Really that’s all that mattered at the moment.
It took some effort , massive effort on Steve’s part to stop staring everytime tony was in the same room as him in school. He had the same crinkle to his eyes everytime he laughed from his heart that Howard had. In Howard it only showed when he was completely drunk of his ass and had no masks in place. But Steve had caught that genuine smile a couple of times.
“I don’t know…co incidence I guess. Just glad he is okay” Steve said “ maybe you guys should drop by, he needs a few familiar faces.” And they agreed
Waking up to an empty bed sucks. It has been only 4 hours since Steve woke me up to kiss me goodbye with a promise of me giving him a daily update. We are generally not a clingy couple ,always allowing each other the required space when one needed it, but ever since I was diagnosed anemic (which also sucks) Steve has been giving attention to me with full force, daily cuddling and all. He gets edgy when I don't respond back with the same amount of attention. But it's always his fault really, he only ever asks me these things when I am in the middle of a breakthrough in the lab.
They sat in each others embrace for a while just staying close before Steve remembered that Tony was injured and he let him go pushing him away gently and Tony didn’t protest
Steve pulled the towel a little tighter around Tony reassuring him that no one was going to touch him without his permission and Steve had caught the expression on clints face after Tony had reacted to his touch.
“I thought you died too along with them. I found out only a few months ago that you were Howard’s son. It changed a lot for me” tony looked like he was caught off guard , absolutely not expecting that.
“come here" he said and Tony shuffled over still not meeting his eyes and Steve wrapped his arms around the boy tucking his head under his chin.
“Well, I am really sorry for the inconvenience,  but Tony here is actually doing okay and can stay to attend the rest of the classes" bruce spoke and Steve imagined him straightening his glasses as he said it.
“Now now Mr. Stark is that how you talk to your teacher?” Steve whispered his voice had turned husky and as Tony’s eyes snapped up to meet his Steve’s eyes darkened at the sight of Tony looking up at him with questioning eyes.
“Thought we could drop by in medical, just a quick check up?” he asked as casually as possible but too late Tony was already panicking
There was a knock on the door “yeah?” Steve said looking back as Clint waved him over to come outside for a minute.
“It’s me” Natasha confirmed, her hand never leaving his cheek the touch kept him grounded as he blinked a couple of times trying to clear his vision.
Something clicked in Steve’s mind immediately. Six months ago, Tony had reacted the exact same way and he had admitted that something or rather someone had hurt him. Steve had assumed it was a one time thing. Fear and anger gripped Steve’s emotions has he played through the all signs that had been there throughout, when Tony flinched at sudden unexpected contact , the terrible bruise that covered his entire torso which Tony had been adamant about not wanting to see the school nurse. The panic attacks, pepper had said they had been kissing , something about the intimacy had triggered the attack.
“you are making this really difficult for me, please. Tony please “ he whispered “just let me help you”
"did you both have dinner?"I asked them instead. Bruce nodded "post battle food is always necessary, shield had a very good spread today"he said sighing contentedly.
“No,  I know his breathing problems could be attributed to his heart condition, but he’s been doing really well since Steve came into the picture. It makes me believe that it’s more psychological and physiological” steve hardly heard them both as he concentrated on Tony’s breathing. He didn’t think of it that way, that it could have something to do with his bad heart.
Steve wasn’t sure what had just happened but he kicked his shoes off and pulled them both more comfortably onto the bed. Tony was still wearing his shoes and after a few comfortable moments of silence he sighed got up to kick his shoes and socks to the floor haphazardly before cuddling back up to Steve.
"steve" I said moving my hand to push his hair out of his face. It was getting longer. But I liked it this way, so I am not going to complain.
“not many, the principal, a few guys on the board and me” He wasn’t sure if that helped him feel any better or just made it worse.
Tony nodded vigorously at that accepting it immediately. So Steve got up off the edge of the bed and to get some clothes he knew he had in his gym locker at the base, so he could take off his uniform.
Tony also got into trouble a lot, he was often sent to detention and luckily Steve had never had the chance to supervise one with tony in it. He still seemed disinterested in history but Steve wasn’t taking extra steps to change that. He figured this might actually be good to keep their distance. He found tony often lurking around the corridors during gym but Steve hardly let on that he noticed. This could be some other teachers problem.
“I missed you Tony” he said trailing kisses along his jaw while Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist pulling him down lower.
“Yeah really, rhodey was pissed that I was not spending enough time with him” steve was still blinking owlishly at him and then Tony smacked him on the shoulder
“Bruce will come by in the morning, he just needs some time. I got you some too, do you want me to feed it to you?” she asked as she notices Steve’s hands were currently occupied with a sleeping genius.
He rolled his eyes at the now pouting teen and pulled away from him to reach for the first aid kit he had abandoned a while ago.
“Tony do you know where you are?” She asked and he frowned at her like she was insane but he still took a moment to look around before answering them
“Steve are you sure?” was all natasha asked before hopping off the counter and Steve nodded “yes, I need aro"-"
“Please?” Steve whispered before leaning down to press a wet kiss on his sternum and Tony’s hands automatically rose to grip Steve’s hair .
Tony sniffled against his neck “Did the doctors check you over?” He asked, Steve could feel him fisting the uniform on his back. It was the first thing he had said after Steve had pulled him onto his lap and it surprised him that Tony’s thoughts were on Steve’s health.
“Bruce i-“ he started but he didn’t actually have an argument here and he clamped his mouth shut at Bruce’s disappointed look.
“I need you to sit up for a second okay ? Drink some water for me sweetheart” he said as he pulled him up and Tony snuggled into his chest like he didn’t want to lose the skin contact .
“Maybe you should consider teaching yoga" his hair was askew and his voice raspy and there were indents on his face from where he had slept on his hand, he looked adorable as Steve leaned down to kiss him on his temple.
“I found tony having a panic attack at the back compound of the building while I was looking for some samples to show the kids under a microscope. His friends were there, the girl told me that this happened yesterday at the museum and you were able to calm him down a lot faster” Steve nodded as he felt his heart clench at the thought of tony on his knees in the mud.
Steve has never been more amazed by someone, not even when he used to spend time with Howard down at the lab. Tony’s creations looked nothing like the world was ready for.  Steve could spend his entire life just looking at the smile on Tony’s face as he explained and showed Steve around everything. Sixteen year olds barely even made it out of bed in the morning, and here Tony was making things that didn’t even seem to compare to the current best tech. He knew the child was a genius but seeing it like this was a whole new eye opener for Steve. They spent the next two hours down at the lab , Steve mostly being chased around by the little helper robot ‘dummy’ who kept tripping over things and was finally ordered by Tony to sit still on a stool while he was being shown around.
Thor was,  well thor . He was seated comfortably eating sugary treats he had pawned off of a shield agent. That man hadn’t even been scratched.
“So?” tony asked as Steve watched him eat his pizza , which wouldn’t have been Steve’s first choice but since a few days Steve was just happy as long as he was willingly eating something. It had taken two days before Tony could handle eating solid foods without throwing up and Steve was not feeling too happy about his choice of foods but he didn’t want to hover so much so he just let it go and ordered himself a salad, so he could pass some to Tony on the sly.
“Okay, I promise. Even though I know you would never do that" he said confidently and Steve was glad that at least one of them had that confidence.
“what is it honey? What happened ?” Steve asked eyes searching his body for anything that he had missed
All in all Steve’s first day was a good one. But something was off and he couldn’t quiet place a finger on it.
“What if -" Tony started again “okay, come on. That’s Enough" Steve said guiding Tony out towards the door so he can go grab his books from his locker all the while Tony tried to resist as Steve effortlessly pushed him his shoes gliding along the tiles.
“He is also a genius,” tony looked up at Steve,  a tentative smile on his lips , maybe he was hoping for some kind of appraisal from Steve,  but he couldn’t give him one,  because if they had to replace the metal , that would mean..
Tony frowned at him, reaching into his pant pockets and pulling out the sleek phone. “I have to go home, obie will be back soon"
But it did nothing to change the expression on Tony’s face. The bell rang soon enough and with a small home work assignment the students were off to attend their next class. Steve looked up just in time to notice that Tony was the first one out of the class. He smirked to himself shaking his head .
“Absolutely not, I won’t be giving up on teaching any time soon. The basics matter, you know?” Another reason to love Bruce. Steve beamed at the women who handed them both their schedules , they parted ways at the end of the hallway promising to catch up with the other at lunch.
“ready to try standing?” the nurse asked ,he just rolled his eyes and pushed off the bed my hands still hovering just incase.
Tony dropped his phone beside him, not even bothering to hide it from Steve even though it was not allowed during school hours.
“want to know something?” He asked as he reached down to his cock , stroking just lightly on the outer side. Tony’s breath hitched as Steve’s fingers travelled down along the shaft to his balls and back up.
Tony on the other hand was still rooted in place, still glaring. At this rate, he is going to give himself a headache, Steve thought sighing and rolled his eyes. They had spoken about telling rhodey and pepper about the situation at Tony’s home. About stane and rumlow and Tony had admitted that he trusted them both enough to clue them in, just in case. And Steve had hundred percent agreed.
Steve thought he wouldn’t be able to actually sleep that night. But he hadn’t slept well these past few days and finally having Tony so close to him, he found that he could .
“That’s about it" steve told him and Tony’s eyebrows puckered like it did in class when he was trying to concentrate.
His fingers were trembling as he tried Tony’s phone and everytime it went straight to voicemail. Steve couldn’t show up at Tony’s home, he knew it would only make things worse for Tony at obadiah’s front.
“Uhm I don’t think obie will appreciate that. I’ll take a cab" he had a point, and if tony was insisting then Steve wasn’t going to push.
“I like that it’s a part of you" and Tony smiled dopily “it’s beautiful Tony, like you are, and it reflects just what you are capable of”
“What, honey what are you saying?” natasha asked and by now Steve was desperately running his hands over his body trying to see if he was hurt elsewhere
“Natasha and Clint. School will end in less than an hour. There is nothing we have , no claim to keep Tony with us. Once school is over stane can very well waltz in here and take him home"
“I am going to go for a run" he said and Tony reached out to him grasping at his shirt but Steve brushed it off as he walked out of the room leaving Tony sitting on the table.
“clint , tasha can you get some cool cloths? And maybe find me a thermometer.?” They nodded silently slipping out of the room.  “Thor can you help us hold Tony, we need to get his suit off” thor and steve carefully and ever so gently propped tony up as Bruce carefully slid his blazer off and took of his tie leaving him in his dress shirt and suit pants. Steve quickly untucked his shirt from the hem  of his pants before undoing the buttons on his shirt moving it aside to give Bruce access to listen to Tony’s chest with his stethoscope.
I woke up to tossing and turning. Tony has been doing this a lot the past week. I untangled the mess of blankets he had managed to get wrapped up in and pulled him into me smoothing his hair. After a few seconds he calmed down. I turned to look at the clock on the nightstand ,it read 6 30 am. It was almost time for my morning jog. But today I felt somewhat unsettled to leave Tony; he seemed so out of it yesterday night. Deciding to skip the jog just for today I settled back in holding him close to me, never wanting to let go.
“Tony, you are sick. I know food doesn’t look appetizing right now but I need you to have something for me and then we can get you something for the pain and the fever” he told him and when Steve tried to feed it to him Tony made a show of irritation and took the bowl from Steve’s hands.
“You don’t look so good” Steve said sympathetically as Tony stared back at him with bleary eyes. He pouted , a whine escaping his lips as he tried to push himself off the desk but Steve held him down before he could.
Piling up his paper into a neat stack, Steve left for the coffee break to meet Dr. Banner the school’s best biology teacher.
“One spank from captain America will make you sure you don’t sit for a week" he said without thinking and Tony’s eyes widened , the tips of his ears turning red.
“There is a Tony stark in medical and is refusing treatment. He says he needs to make sure you are okay sir. He seems terrified and hysterical.”
“Don’t do that to yourself Steve, we are both doing just fine now aren’t we?” she said running her fingers through Tony’s hair and Steve could almost feel the nimble fingers that would do the same to his hair after a particular tiring day before the ice.
“ I cant believe you thought this would all it would take for me to hate you” She told him while trying to balance on her uninjured leg trying to make it look like she was fine. But Steve saw right through her little charade
Tony’s breathing got heavier as Steve's hands roamed his body and finally he managed to unzip his own pants , relieving some if not all of the pressure but didn't release it completely.
He had been laying on his bed since three hours, no sleep whatsoever when he heard quiet footsteps outside the door and he held his breath for a second trying to figure if natasha or Clint were up to no good again.
“I am naked! And I am not a girl don’t call me beautiful" he whispered trying to turn so he could hide himself in Steve’s arms and Steve loved it , he loved wrapping his arms around the genius and protecting him.
“did he say anything else after I left? There has to be more. How long has this been going on? How bad is it?” steve shook his head at her
“Bucky, its Steve.  You need to look at me . It’s me,  its stevie. Remember the days you held my hand while ma made hot soup ? You said it was because you didn’t want me catch pneumonia from the cold. Bucky please, look at me" he said now desperate and finally , though agonizing slowly he turned and locked eyes with Steve.
I turned to look at Bruce who had been silent in this debate he seemed to be lost in his thoughts and this only worried me more because I knew Bruce zoned out when he was trying to make sense of something. "Bruce?You alright?" Nat asked as she followed my line of vision. "What?yeah,we really need to keep a better eye on Tony" and that's all he said as he walked out coffee in hand ,probably off to do some of his own lab work .Which made me feel better knowing Bruce would at least be around Tony while they were both working,just in case.
Steve helped him back to the bed and picked out  one of his own shirts for him to wear. He dropped the shirt on the chair and sat down next to Tony.
Tony didn’t answer , the panic settling in at what Steve was implying and Steve waited, he waited so patiently ,his own heart racing as he leaned down to kiss him anywhere and everywhere his lips could touch. Tony didn’t fight him this time and Steve asked him again
“or he is already in trouble and needs someone to frame and who better than his trusting godson whose company it is anyway?” natasha finished and Steve’s heart did a flip as he realized how easily Tony’s life would be ruined even before it actually started.
Steve felt his hands snaking down under his shirt ,tugging on it until Steve gave up and helped him take  it off.
steve was now very concerned, he was obviously not okay , his hand was worse than it had been yesterday and Steve was already contemplating taking him to a hospital.
“I know , you just need to get used to it. It will get better”  he told him as he wrapped his arms around Tony’s back and pulled him in closer.
“he comes home a lot, and there are a lot of parties and launches . Rumlow and obie are best friends” he said , he sounded small hiding in Steve’s arms.
Tony’s head lolled back against the crook of Steve’s neck tickling his Adam’s apple and Steve dropped a kiss onto his head. Tony gripped Steve’s arms for supports on either side all the way back.
He gave me an apologetic look before nodding to Natasha, she pushed the sleeve on my shirt up to reveal my bicep and Steve's hand rubbing up down stilled holding my arm tight. I squeezed my eyes shut and voila! Next thing I knew Steve was saying "good job Tony!" "It's over" and Bruce had already discarded the offending object from my sight and was settling back into the couch next to me giving me a warm smile.
“Good, that’s good Bucky. Can I touch you?” he asked as he watched buckys body suddenly trembling like he was going to fall. After a slight nod he carefully gripped at his elbow pulling him closer ,it seemed to ground him more. But Steve’s intentions were to keep him away from Tony. And suddenly he remembered Tony and his head snapped towards him.
Steve was still holding him up afraid that if he let’s go Tony’s legs will give out underneath him. He looked pale, sick and exhausted and Steve did not like that look on him at all. So as soon as Clint was done with a lot of squirming from Tony’s part Steve had quickly guided them back to bedroom.
“Yeah, I was up early , wanted to talk to your surgeon. He seems to be well prepared” he said and Tony looked on worriedly
“is he asleep?” clint asked quietly as steve nudged tony a little to check and smiled when tony only tucked himself tighter into him.
“Bucky, you with me?” he asked after a minute of complete silence and it took a few seconds for him actually look up at him amd when he did he looked terribly saddened and Steve knew in that moment that he probably had done something he regretted deeply.
“I know, I’ll be there the whole time okay?” tony nodded but he wasn’t satisfied or happy in the least.
“Oww! Widow don’t be a bitch" that snapped him right out of his thoughts as he stalked out of the kitchen
He kissed him , soft and gentle ,tugging on his lips until they parted for Steve. He shifted so he was sitting on his knees and tugged on Tony’s shirt until he let Steve pull it up over his head, the sound of metal echoing in the room along with Tony’s ragged breathing as Steve pushed him back to lay down on the bed.
“It is meant for you to pee Tony and they are going to start you on your medications tonight not tomorrow” he told him caressing his cock slowly to let Tony get used to the touch. His breathing picked up and the monitor was on the edge of going berserk.
“The bag was lying in your room that day you both cut school before Tony stormed off with it" she said and Tony stiffened in his arms and Steve knew what was going through his mind.
“where are we going?” He asked mouth full as they pulled out of the parking lot and Steve glanced at him as a smile played on his lips waiting for his reaction
Steve pulled away, and Tony whined trying to follow his lips . He chuckled and pulled Tony back down against his chest as he ran his hand up and down Tony’s back. Tony was blushing furiously and it was so damn adorable ,in spite of what Steve had learned today he couldn’t help but smile because here he was on his couch with a shirtless Tony lying on top of him.
He knew if Tony wasn’t on so much pain he would have definitely put up a good fight before Steve even touched his underpants so this was testament to just how much he was hurting right now.
So he took a couple of deep breaths and sat down on the edge of the couch looking at Tony he tried again as gentle as he could manage
Steve could tell he was purely exhausted and not in the mental state to be entertained by banter among his teammates but like Clint had said they all needed to talk about it. There were still a lot of unanswered questions.
“I told you I murdered your friend yesterday and here you are sitting next to me . You couldn’t have forgiven me already” steve stiffened , he hadn’t planned on ever having this discussion again with him.
“What if I have to pee? Why can't we put it in tomorrow before the surgery?” he asked as he watched Steve cover the catheter with lube.
Tony pulled back and Steve followed, now that steve had had a taste he couldn’t stop. He didn’t have the filter of right and wrong anymore after he had already done the wrong.
“we will.” And Tony stiffened a little against his arms and that confirmed to Steve that he was not ready for it yet even if he didn’t know it
They spent the next hour just talking , the entire team was there and Tony finally seemed to relax a little. Only bruce occasionally went missing.
Tony shifted uncomfortably in his seat before looking up “I’ll show you, but please don’t call anyone”
“I feel like no one can hurt me when you hold me like this" Steve’s extremities suddenly went cold and he pulled Tony away so he could actually look at him
Tony’s face fell just a bit and Steve was a little jealous that Tony seemed to like him more as an avenger than he did Steve or well captain America.
After today, Steve really did understand stane’s side of things. It’s not about protecting tony from the dangers of what surrounds Shield but what surrounds and comes with captain America.
“I need you to lay still for just a few more seconds okay? Can you tell me if anything hurts anna?” she took her time and only after confirming once again that nothing hurt he let her sit up and supported her as he gave her the rehydration solution.
“You want to sleep here?” he asked as natasha came back and Steve saw the loaded syringe in her hand and gave a slight shake of his head telling her not to show it to Tony. She dripped the hand to her side casually walking over to them
Steve scooted back onto the couch and pulled Tony with him ,so Tony was lying on top of him with one of Steve’s arms wrapped around his back and the other in Tony’s hair.
“Sweetheart, it’s not forever. It’s only until we sort this out. We catch stane in whatever act he is doing and then next year you really do turn eighteen and everything including the mansion is yours and I promise you honey that nobody is taking away anything from you" he told him and Tony was stubborn but things were finally starting to seep in and the fear was beginning to stake claim in his mind.
"He's pissed" she said "we may have let slip that we were taking him to medical" I groaned internally. tony hated hated doctors. It usually took a team effort to get him looked at by a medical professional after a particularly gruesome battle.
“I know you feel like you need to protect me because I am so much younger than you. I understand that, but I can take care of myself. Besides if you are giving me the option  then I choose to be with you.” He said adamantly.
Tony always had walls up, always getting into trouble for arguing with teachers or everyone, he was defensive and displayed a don’t care attitude. But today , Steve had seen it crumble, and tony was nothing what he thought he would be when stripped off the mask.
He realized that when he had told natasha that they had to monitor his urine output would have been when Tony realized that they had inserted a catheter.  Steve could have smacked himself in the face for not realizing sooner.
Somewhere along the night, tony had finally relinquished his grip on Steve’s shirt and he had slowly pulled his limbs away from the sleeping teen which had gone numb from laying still for so long. Tony had fallen into an exhaustive sleep and Steve didn’t dare disturb him from his much needed rest. Steve had made natasha go check in with doctor if it was normal for Tony to be sleeping this long. But he had confirmed that Tony was currently battling exhaustion not just from the past two days but from atleast two weeks since he had found out captain America was dead and that this was bound be a slow recovery and they had to be patient.
Everyone except Clint natasha thor Tony and Steve left for the base. The rest settled down in the lobby of a random hotel Clint had found for them to stay the night. It seemed like they were literally the only one’s there and Steve was thankful for the lack of attention.
“You do it” he said , chin up and daring Steve to laugh more. That definitely stopped his laughter as he suddenly thought of his hands on Tony’s skin.
"Is everything alright with Ty ?" He asked pepper and she finally cracked a small smile at him nodding
"I wasn't asking ,we are going up for lunch whether you like it or not Tony,especially after today morning" goddammit!why did Bruce have to remind him?He was already feeling much better!
“even if that’s true , I am sorry to say but I agree with stane. It is safer for you” tony clenched and unclenched his already swollen hand tightly like feeling the pain was keeping him grounded.
"Look at me" Tony looked up hesitantly "I don't want you to ever feel like you cannot tell me something okay? Especially something like this Tony, this is what we are trying to fix and if you don't tell me then I can't help you sweetheart" tony nodded and Steve figured now may not be the best time for this lecture.
“I know, it will be okay” he couldn’t promise Tony that it wouldn’t hurt, because Steve knew it would.  But he also knew it was going to be worth it.
“hey tones! What do want to eat? We have –“ Clint and natasha basically just barged into the room and Clint made an amused face
Tony walked to the single king sized bed and he sat down at the edge seemingly lost in his phone as he typed away on it instead of looking at Steve.
He missed Peggy, he missed Bucky but this was his second chance at making a difference and he was not going to waste it.
Bruce however silently placed the things on the table and pointed to the door and mouthed ten minutes and left.
Life was so unfair right now and Steve blamed it on the universe. There sat Tony in the midst of a welcoming ceremony in the schools auditorium amongst his other classmates. His eyes bouncing around the room as if he felt out of place. They had all been forced to sit there while the principal gave an elaborate speech about the foreign exchange program and the reason for Steve’s claims of an unfair life, they were all dressed in uniform. A blue blazer and tie included.
“tony , you stay where you are" he said because he didn’t know if Tony would take it as a joke or not.
”don’t say that, that’s not what’s happening” Steve didn’t like this , he didn’t like the way tony was still denying it. What had they done to him?
“ we will bring us something to eat. How bad are his injuries? Does he need to stay?” Steve shook his head
"-et me seep" why wouldn't they just let me go back to sleep? The couch was so soft and comfortable and steve was warm. Then the warmth suddenly left, what the hell?
“Think you better go get him before he spontaneously combusts in place"  Bruce said and Steve pushed away from the wall a little too eagerly needing Bruce to steady him.
“Why don’t you show me where he hurt you? Is it your ribs again?” He said trying not to grit his teeth and forcefully stopping his hands from tightening around the table frame.
Everyone hated medical, especially after a particularly gruesome battle when all we want to do is go and just sleep for the next two days. But no one hated it more than tony. He usually took of in his armor as soon as the battle was over and just in time for medical to arrive, he would then show up out of nowhere to the debrief.  On most days the armor protected him from being injured ,but this time when the giant rage monster had whipped tony while mid air , he had lost control and fallen into the ocean. When We all heard the splash and the sudden gurgling noises through the comms we knew the iron man armor had taken a bad hit, and the water was leaking through into the armor.
“Uhm we ..she.” steve was at a loss of words. There were so many thoughts running through his mind at the moment and he just didn’t know where to start. He didn’t even know if he could tell tony about their past relationship or if peggy already had or if peggy knew about him and Tony and how she would feel about them.
Steve had to remind him a few times to go slow or he would end up throwing up this as well and Tony scorned at him as he finished licking the spoon. He eyed the other cup which was meant to be for steve but at this point Tony might as well have that one as well.
Steve could hear natasha explaining exactly why Tony was reacting this way and the random bouts of thunder outside the window.
Steve’s heart was racing,  he wanted to know if Tony was okay , emotionally  with what happened last night. But he was terrified of finding out and he needed Tony to be okay because if he was not then Steve would be destroyed mentally.
“Yeah, just a sec" he said reaching for something inside his bag and pulled out the dog tags and slipped them on.
“Looks like the fossil has finally arrived home” Steve glared at her while she only smirked and high fived Clint.
“I want to hold you, is that okay tony?” Tony’s eyes snapped up to his , it was clear he was still doubting Steve’s motives. But Steve’s own fear for tony and anger for the man was starting to seep through his carefully neutral face.
Walking over around to gym, he was again disappointed that he didn’t see Tony sitting outside either. He went back to his class room for his second class of the day.  He was annoyed enough that he didn’t get to even see for himself that Tony was okay, now he was just informed that school was going to be closed for the next two days on account of a salary strike.
He sat down on the floor at Tony’s feet Indian style and reached out to grasp Tony’s thighs and just dropped his face into his legs . Because he really didn’t know what to do at the moment and his shoulders relaxed as he felt Tony’s hand sink into his dirty hair and grasp onto the roots ,not tight but just enough to let him feel something.
Halfway through the shower, the almost empty tower echoed with the loud siren for the avengers to assemble. Wonderful! The enemy always the worst of timings. Last time the giant green blob monster had so rudely interrupted the best game of fireball ever played. I quickly dried of calling of the mark % as I exited the shower.
Finally Steve thought to himself as he wondered what he had gotten himself into ,his fingers gently carding through Tony’s hair as his breath evened out.
There were a couple of agents talking nervously at the door and Steve immediately recognized the one man crouched beside Tony talking to him. Steve made his way over quickly , taking in the scene.
“I do, just not for as long as you would.” He felt Tony wince a little in his arms and Steve kissed his temple and then slid his hand down below Tony’s ass and picked him up like a toddler and grinned at him as Tony held on tighter. Tony grinned back his thoughts about Steve being in pain forgotten as he realized the leverage he had with this new angle.  He wrapped his legs around Steve’s torso and Steve hiked him up higher such that Steve had to look up to kiss him.
"Apparently the Ty kid was giving pepper a hard time so Tony was just standing up for her" oh. But that does not excuse him from using such language at school.
“there is nothing to fix, nothing has happened” he insisted , steve didn’t like the way he sounded, exhaustion and fear and anguish combined in his tone.
He felt his eyes snap open, lights blinding him as he tried to desperately cling to the voice calling his name
“now that we have established that I am not going anywhere and that I am not breaking up with you , will you please tell me what’s going on in here?” he said tapping Tony’s head lightly.
"Clint ,it's my tower. Therefore the bigger share of popcorn is mine!" I huffed as I dropped down between steve and Bruce.
“I would watch my mouth if I were you or it could land you in detention" steve smirked pulling Tony in for a hug ,slotting his head under his chin while tony snorted.
Twenty minutes later they arrived at the museum and Steve quickly jumped off the bus greeting nat and Clint who were waiting for him.
He eased Tony’s hand clawing at his back and brought it to his own throbbing cock , wrapping it around , he guided Tony’s hand into stroking him and it was the first time Steve had felt Tony's touch on him and he was embarrassed to say how fast he came, his cum splattering onto Tony’s chest and abdomen mixing with his own.
She sighed sitting down again “Tony , how far did it go? Has it only been physical or something sexual…” she cut her self off again not knowing how to finish that question but Tony was the calm one this time.
Bringing fury up to speed took a lot longer than steve had expected, three hours to be precise during which they had concluded that the people responsible here were the ones who had influence on Bucky and that obadiah stane had taken this an opportunity to get Steve out of the picture. Which worked out great for both parties involved . But what was still unknown was how stane came in contact with these people or if they were already in cahoots.
His motorcycle was his best friend , though only after Natasha and Clint. School was only a good five miles away from his apartment . His apartment was a cozy place, nothing extravagant as he had wanted to seek some comfort from his roots of simpler times. To remind him of his real home.
“It was not obies fault, he didn’t do anything” Steve blinked at the new information, but just because stane was not the one who did this , it didn’t mean someone wasn’t abusing him. And Steve was yet to see the damage.
“I don’t know why I would say that” he said quietly and Steve had pretty good idea that he did know and just didn’t want to admit it
Steve blinked at him, tony was actually standing here , his shirt open and pouting at Steve. His lips looked soft and red and ...Steve snapped himself out of his own thought before it turned inappropriate. Steve was fucked.
“I am going to need a reference here" steve asked looking at him cautiously running his hands along Tony’s back.
"Okay listen to me Ms.Potts, I want all three of you there waiting for me when I get there. I don't want any of you drinking anymore and eat something if possible. I will be there in twenty. Understand?" He barked out allowing the anger the show through.
Steve had woken up like clockwork every two hours and checked to see if Tony had developed any bruises on his body. He was terrified he would wake up and find his lover covered in black and blue from Steve’s hands. But Steve was yet to see the parts that were not covered by the sheets.
“Hi, welcome back" he said tersely and Steve deserved the tone honestly. He made his way over to the couch placing the bags down onto the floor next to his feet and sat down between the two of them. Neither of them stopped playing and Steve settled in to wait until the game was over.
He hadn’t responded to his name and by this point Steve thought maybe Tony was sleepwalking and vaguely remembered one of the soldiers having the same issue and how they would just redirect him back to bed and he would be fine. So Steve made his way over to near the counter and his heart almost leapt in his throat when Tony lost his footing momentarily and his screwdriver fell out of his mouth to the floor with a resounding crack and the handle on the instrument broke.
“It has been busy, I finally applied for the grant on my radiation study and currently waiting for it to go through” he said fixing his glasses and asking for his own schedule.
Tony sighed closing his eyes against the cool of his hand and Steve dropped a kiss to his head before nodding towards the bowl for natasha to hand over to him.
“I got you baby. Think you can take a deep breath for me?” tony took a stuttered breath loosening his grip around Steve’s neck
"Fine, since you both are now so close ,has he told you how I can make it up to his highness?" Steve asked picking up the file , frowning at the new pages added to it.
“I don’t know what that means but you know what I am asking” he said as he pushed his still too long hair out of his face.
Tony carefully peeled the shirt over his head , Steve didn’t waste a second before scanning his eyes all over the teens the abdomen chest. He didn’t see anything new. The same bruises Steve’s hands had left and a few patches from the blast.
Steve’s thoughts could not have been more organized as he woke the following morning . He had slept in his own bed after four days  of staying at shield and alternating between laying down on Tony’s hospital bed and the extra beds they had set up there.
”your reaction said otherwise, why don’t you take off your shirt and show me you are okay and we will stop this conversation right now” Steve said softly, trying not to spook tony into becoming more defensive.
Steve decided that maybe he needed a change in scenario and what better way to do so by taking the kids to the museum of natural history. The students were not that young but it would be nice to see how they appreciate the information at this age.
“I told him I didn’t know what he was talking about and that seemed to annoy him more. He said he was done being nice and I woke up to this.” He gestured to the team around him.
“Did you find me from the tracker? Or was it because my three weeks were up?” he aasked and nat sat down on the floor facing Steve looking thoughtful
“Something tells me we don’t have the complete picture. You said he was after the winter soldier” tony stiffened a little and Steve ran a free hand up and down his arm unconsciously.
steve reached out to hold Tony’s hand , gripped it tightly until tony turned his palm and locked his fingers with Steve’s, his breathing picked up as he held on tightly.
“He’s cute, your boy toy” she commented, testing the waters to see how he would react to that comment.
“What’s happening right now?” he asked as Tony groggily pushed his head up from the bed squinting at the the rest of team before huffing and pulling the sheets tighter around himself.
Tony violently shook his head as the fear replaced the sadness on his face and Steve caught on immediately
“steve you gotta stay strong , tony needs you now more than ever” clint told him firmly and that’s when he realized that he was trembling where he sat. His hands were shaking,  rattling the mug. The tea was cold now as he placed it down.
“Yeah. Missed you too" before she could say something else Steve heard the distinct sound of his lover,though his voice sounded pained and hoarse.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck as Steve made quick work on the wound ,cleaning it up as best he could before applying some salve . He pulled out the paper back from the strips letting the edge stick to his fingers before pulling Tony flush against him so he could reach around and stick it on the skin approximating the edges of the laceration. He knew the tape wouldn’t last long especially with his briefs constantly rubbing against it.
After months of avoiding the teen, Steve finally had what he wanted, tony knew the truth about him and Steve just wanted to get to know him without having to hide anything.
“ofcourse he is alive young anthony!” thor bellowed and the volume of his voice startled Tony and Steve immediately pulled him over his lap
“Yeah" he said just above a whisper and Steve closed his eyes taking a deep breath before leaning forward and kissing him gently on the lips.
Just as I left the common room I heard Bruce say "Jarvis,keep an eye on him please" I whined to myself as I entered the elevator. They were not going to let this go!
But he asked anyway “do you know what triggers it?” Tony’s silence was answer enough and it was worrisome.
“but the timing of it Steve, if it doesn’t work out you can't walk out, it will do him more harm than good” steve pursed his lips at clint wondering when he became the smart one.
Tony sat quietly , pliant as Steve ran his fingers over his mottled skin to check for any breaks or more serious injury . Tony cooperating meant something was wrong and it nagged at Steve’s brain until he remembered Tony favouring his left side.  He made quick work on his pants which he now realized were clints, no wonder they looked so big on him.  Tony resisted when Steve tugged on the waistband to pull them down and Steve immediately knew that there was something he was hiding there.
Steve worried at his lower lip now before slowly looking up at him, “I think it might be best you stay here” tony looked at him wide eyed, stiffening and sat up straighter . He shook his head and pulled his hand out from Steve’s grasp,
“Tony, we need to talk about what happened yesterday.” He said and Tony’s face immediately fell like he actually hadn’t been expecting an explanation from steve and that seemed to confuse him even more.
Steve didn’t think it was okay and didn’t want to tell him that so he said instead “you are tired, let’s just get some sleep for today"
“I’ll send a nurse with a shot of painkillers and we were told to release him after that in the care of obadiah stane.”
Steve considered telling Bruce about Tony and his injury but he remembered how Tony was so against telling anyone so he simply said “yes, yes sorry I was just lost in my thoughts.”
Steve wrapped a hand around  Tony’s cock, stroking him and Tony's skin erupted with goosebumps as he lost it in less than twenty seconds as he came for the second time , eyes squeezed shut as Steve continued to thrust at a slow pace.
“I just wish I had never known it was Howard’s boy. I didn’t ask for this, I went into the ice 15 years back and life gave me a second chance with everything. But yet I feel responsible .”
“Really?” steve asked feeling a sense a pride bubbling inside him even though he had idea no idea why this was affecting him. He had known Tony only for a few days now, but he was not sure what or why this boy was special.
“tony, hey sweetheart” steve called out getting his attention and Tony looked up to his left to find Steve sitting by his bed .
Steve cleaned out his hair and pulled him out of the water , sat him down on the closed lid of the closet and crouched down in front of him.
“I heard about your little stint with the goons today. Nat says I would have been impressed” he said softly.
“Don’t tense up baby, it will make it worse. Look at me tony, concentrate on me okay?” he said as he breached one more finger and Tony cried out at the intrusion.
Tony was their only link into finding out what stane was upto and if they let him think that they hadn’t been compromised yet then they can catch him in the act next time. They had also placed an agent to shadow him everywhere he goes unless Steve was with him and well that was most of the time but if Tony knew about the agent then he would probably , in words of Tony, flip out.
Thirdly, Tony’s grades had dropped drastically enough for it to be of major concern. Steve hadn’t believed bruce when he first told him that Tony had actually failed all his classes during the semester exam but Steve knew what Tony had gone through those days when Steve was missing and he let it be until he realized that Tony didn’t seem to be picking up since they were back.
“You did, I am so glad you are okay sweetheart” Steve didn’t want to think what would have happened if he hadn’t. Tony didn’t say anything after that only snuggling closer to Steve.
“what do want me to say Steve? You know why I thought that, why I am thinking that" he deadpanned and the sudden anger in his voice was a relief to Steve, it was a much more healthy reaction than what Tony had been giving this far.
“Clint you idiot,  I only asked you to check in on them not wake then up" he heard natasha say as Steve rubbed his hand over his face getting the sleep out of it.
“What happened?” He growled as tony finally let him press gentle fingers along his torso to check for broken bone. Tony slapped at his hands when he pressed a little too hard.
“Its my birthday, I am supposed to get what I want" he said pouting and Steve pulled him up to his knees and hugged him.
“Even you are not listening to me now” he whined and Steve suddenly realised he was right, he dropped his hands looking at the teen.
“I hate you,  I hate everyone!” he mumbled as Steve pushed him back down and held him there for a few seconds until he was sure Tony wouldn’t move.
“we need to head out for a while, we will see you soon okay buddy? Get some sleep" Clint said after a few exhausting rounds of playing cards. Exhausting because apparently the Norse god was very good at it for some reason and no body could seem to win against him.
“Where are you going? what is the mission about?” he asked excitedly and Steve was oh so happy to give him all the details.
“why are you guys being so noisy?” he mumbled as he looked around like he had forgotten where he was.
“Baby stop, hey look the water is getting cold. Do you want to take a cold bath?’ he said trying to get Tony to lose his underwear but that was just not happening.
Looking down at his face, I saw the paleness still persisting from yesterday night. I kissed his forehead as gently as possible trying to get a read on the temperature of his skin. In tony's anger we didn't have a chance to take his temperature with the thermometer. I frowned at the heat emanating from his.
Steve meanwhile picked up Tony’s half eaten bowl and put it back in his hands. He neatly tucked a blanket around the both of them as he felt the heat from the younger mans body get higher.
“I’ll do that” he said as he all but pushed her hands away and did it himself. The nurse was kind however and gave him a small smile , before the pulling the sheets over him again. She tucked pillows on either side of him, propping his arms up on them for easier access to his IV ports.
Pulling up at the parking lot, Steve parked his motorcycle and walked through the front office to pick up his class schedules and student list for the new year.
“How is it that Bruce always looks impeccable and you end up like this?” he said trying to wipe away the graphite and then leaned down to kiss his cheek.
I ignored him and went straight to Steve who was sitting with a newspaper(who even reads those?) on the couch and collapsed into him. "hi there,I missed you" I told him forcing him to put the newspaper down in exchange for me. He immediately pulled me closer running a hand through my hair "No amount of coddling is going to get you any bacon today." he said matter of factly. Damn!He knew me so well.
Even the shocked look on rumlows face at seeing steve was not enough and Steve wanted to slap the shit out of him .
I Kissed him again "you did great babe" I told him. He whimpered and sagged in defeat as Bruce pulled the needle out and exclaimed "all done!"
“hurts" tony rasped as he clawed at his shirt and steve grabbed the oxygen mask and held it onto his face as tony struggled against it. Once he relaxed he slipped strap around his neck, and undid the top few buttons on Tony’s shirt all the while talking calmly and directing tony to breathe. It took a couple of minutes for him calm down, but once he did it left him exhausted his eyes  half closed as he grasped at Steve’s hand as tightly as possible.
“dr banner, this is my good friend Rumlow. We were told we should come pick him up from school” steve fingers itched to smash his face
When Steve finally came back out, natasha was sitting on the kitchen table top passing Bucky a water bottle and Clint sat perched atop one of his dining chairs.
He had a goal though, he helped remove the cellophane wrapped around his chest and then carefully the bandages that covered the reactor which had managed to get damp but not wet but it still needed to be replaced.
I sighed again at the mention of his eating habits ,tony really did not care about what he was shoving down his throat as long as it was NOT healthy."Yeah i am working on that"i quickly said.
Steve could hear quite murmurs coming from inside and when he peeked through the glass on the door he could see Tony was awake, and natasha was talking quietly to him. He looked confused enough but when Steve walked in he relaxed a little bit against the numerous pillows they had put behind him to keep him comfortable.
“I missed you" he tried again but something was off with Tony and Steve didn’t feel upto prying into that yet.
“Good, now look at me” he said and Tony looked up ,Steve turned him around to face him completely ,he was edgy and pliant at the same time and Steve's mind was spiralling at the possibitlies but he shook his head to clear it and smiled at Tony who looked more ashamed than happy.
“You okay?” Steve briefly considered coming clean and telling Bruce everything about Tony’s injury but he remembered how tony had pleaded with him to not tell anyone.
“Don’t give me that look, if it gets infected you will be the one to suffer" he said showing him the cotton swabs
”is Natasha really your girlfriend?” Steve froze With his hand on the doorknob. He wasn’t sure what to say, he could just lie and say yes so tony wouldn’t get his hopes up again. But he had just been through so much , physically and emotionally ,Steve didn’t want to lie to him.
“I’ll just let it be, it will be fine” he said scowling at Steve and Steve was getting tired and wanted to sleep but he wanted Tony in his arms when he was sleeping so the sooner Tony let him do this the faster he could get what he wanted.
“ugh. Pepper is making me go to the art exhibit downtown" he said making an irritated face natasha gave a distracted
“Sorry, I am fine “ he tried reassuring him but Tony didn’t look convinced, in fact he was more concerned as he pulled back  looking at the other two
He nodded handing over the papers he was clutching to the agent he had just briefed before he finally left the building towards where he knew Tony was with the junior agent.
“ I am serious , here come on lay down for a little bit okay? It’s been a really long day physically and emotionally, and it’s a school night!” Tony laughed out at that still not making a move
“I want to go home , don’t want to stay here anymore” steve sighed , he knew this was coming and it was only a matter of time. He readjusted himself on the chair and leaned forward
“shall we ask Bruce to get it while you and Steve settle down on the bed?” he whined trying to get closer to Steve
“you are really sick, tony. Bruce says you are going to need some time to recover from this. So I suggest you put aside your ego and pride and allow us to take care of you. Do you understand?” he said in his best captain America voice and tony mumbled a “fine" . Only then did steve allow him to remove the mask so he could speak.
The drive was quick enough, courtesy of Happy the ever skilled chauffeur who drove through the traffic with insane ease which almost had me jealous.
On queue, just as the medics arrived, tony said “ catch you guys later, there’s a leak in the armor I need to fix" steve sighed as he watched him fly off. Normally tony would at least allow steve to see for himself that he was indeed alright.
“Not dead , scared" and Steve almost lost it for the second time that day as he held tony closer whispering sweet nothings in his ear
Tony on the other hand was now out of the sheets Steve had pulled over him, his red boxers riding up from how his body was contorted ,his upper body twisted towards Steve as his chest rose up and down ,his breath fanning Steve’s torso. His left foot was dangling from the edge of the bed ,the sheets halfway fallen to the floor.
“okay, I’ll Be out in a minute” he said feeling Tony’s fingers tightening around his shirt. “bruce you alright?” he asked when he noticed him hovering in the doorway looking a little startled
He walked tony into the bathroom and hesitated at the door not sure if Tony would want him there or not and as predicted Tony shooed him out closing the door behind him.
Howard was stubborn and ignorant of his own health and Steve and maria had learnt how to keep him afloat without him knowing.
“Not yet, be patient” peggy told him and he pouted and Steve wanted to kiss that pout away but he held himself back and watched them both silently
The reaction took Steve by surprise and he sat there crouched on the floor for a few seconds as he watched Tony put on his shoes with sudden determination.
She was propped up on the bed drinking her water and the other teacher was sitting next her on the chair looking at him as well for an answer.
He wasn’t sure how long he had sat there , wrapped in blankets with the heater turned on until a knock on the door startled him. He had been so focused on thinking about the present that he hadn’t even realized what time it was. The dim light outside the window told him it was late afternoon. He wasn’t sure how long he had sat with Tony under the water or how long he had been sitting here.
“You haven’t eaten in a while , you need to eat Tony” he tried again but tony whined turning his head away like a child.
“looks like you are the one that needs the hall pass to the nurse huh Mr. Rogers?” he said pulling out the slip from last week and handing it over to Steve.
Steve was on a mission one day when it all came crashing down. The peace he had finally after months together found. Just like that , it went to hell.
“Please" tony whispered and this time Steve wrapped his hand around his waist ,and used the other to pull
Shield had offered the space before but Steve had refused because he wanted some part of his life to be away from this part of his life. But they had still kept it the same way ready for use always.
“Steve, are you okay to move?” Clint asked as he passed a bottle of blue Gatorade. He hated that drink but took it anyway pushing himself up as Tony loosened his grip on him.
“Hey" steve said pulling away and Tony’s eyes were glazed over and Steve had to look away for a second before he could look into them again
She hesitated , if only for a second and quickly explained “we were kissing in the men’s room and then tony suddenly pushed me away and said he couldn’t breathe, I tried to help him but he won’t let me touch him and I didn’t know what to do he-“ Steve had to force his mind into focus as he quickly tried to asses the situation and it was not helping that the word kissing was fixated at the forefront of his mind.
“Yeah, Tony said something about it being superficial?” he asked as he turned to give Bruce his full attention
They were all trained to deal with this, they had all dealt with it several times for that matter because every mission or battle there is always one innocent civilian who gets trapped between the misfire and they always react with their own version of going into shock. So they knew what they were dealing with but yet it was so different for Steve and to some extent the team because this was his Tony and his Tony was only sixteen and shouldn’t have to be dealing with this.
“Sit down” Steve said motioning for Tony to sit on his chair and Tony did without question . Once he was sitting, Steve walked over to him kneeled down onto his knees to reach Tony’s eye level.
“Tony, come on. You need to tell us what’s going on or we cant help you.” Rhodey was saying and pepper glanced at Steve as if to say, please help him. And Steve nodded and pepper whispered something in rhodeys ear and they both silently left the class leaving Tony and Steve alone.
“Okay I am going to let him sleep for a while, he needs to rest. If obadiah shows up let him know that Tony is okay and that he can take him home”
He was quickly becoming hysterical his lips turning pale and Steve shifted his hold on Tony such that they could see each other .
“I know it’s hard with teens but this one seems special, he is smart. We had a lovely conversation this morning about why he should be allowed to go home. I have to say I was impressed with the arguments of course I didn’t  give in" Steve grinned at him , he was all too aware of the silver tongue Tony had.
It was obscene the amount of cum Steve had released , covering the expanse of Tony’s skin and he leaned down to kiss him at the center of it all  beside the dog tags and Tony immediately wrapped his arms around Steve tightly and his sobs became louder and his breath hitched.
“does he know bruce is coming?” they had invited bruce over for dinner because they had wanted to give him a official welcome to shield and he had been very happy to oblige.
Apparently no one believed me as Bruce's hands were suddenly all over my face and saying things like "he looks pale ,does he looked flushed to you?" I whined trying to get away from Bruce's attempt to get a pulse read from my wrist while Steve just held me tighter and said "this is why you don't skip your salad" and brushed his fingers through my hair.I looked up to glare at him but the concern and worry on his face shut me up and was more the reason to brush this off before it got his teammates too worried.
“You licked it" he said instead and Steve grinned , kissing Tony’s mouth roughly and bit his lower lip pulling him impossibly closer.
“Then come on, let’s get this over with. Natasha can do it if you want, but it’s going in either way" steve didn’t think before saying it because natasha let out a chuckle at how nervous Tony seemed to the prospect of her doing it.
“You need to sleep, come on “ Steve said picking up the blanket and the water bottle that was discarded now on the floor.
“ I can sleep at home, I have to leave soon anyway. Will I ever get to see you again?" he asked his fingers playing with the collar of Steve’s shirt.
“I don’t want to go with obie. I’ll stay here with you. Did the doctors check you over?there was so much blood, did they see where it was coming from?” he was saying and Steve’s shushed him wrapping a hand along Tony’s head essentially covering his ears.
"did you miss me? Cause I didn't miss you at all" he said smirking. But I couldn't really pay attention to what he was saying, all I wanted to do was make sure he was alright.
“Good baby, so good for me” he said pulling Tony’s legs wider apart with his feet  and Tony mewled eyes closing against his own volition and Steve stilled his fingers near Tony’s waist holding on firmly.
“Hydra" at this point all Steve wanted to do was spend some time with tony , wrap his arms around him and just be in the moment.
“less talk more work Hawkeye” and Clint caught one of the bors holding it at arms length while he turned to stare at Steve and Steve pointed to the other comm link in his right ear that Tony had put in.
After that one dreadful incident in the men’s room Tony had refused to pay any attention to Steve no matter how subtly Steve was trying.
“what situation?” Rhodey asked now concerned and fitting the pieces together ,he stared between Steve and Tony demanding an answer.
Tony even seemed to be doing really well, he was always surrounded by his friends . The three of them had become kind of inseparable actually and it was nice to know Tony had someone looking out for him. Steve often found Tony lurking around hiding in the corridors every now and then during gym class but did nothing more than smile and tell him off for doing it again in the future.
He pushed the door open and what his eyes saw had him freeze in place as he took in the scene in front of him and before his mind could think his mouth was already moving
“I am okay , I promise,breathe for me” he said trying to coach him into doing so. Tony was shaking now, Steve turned to the two doctors behind him “can you give us a few minutes, leave the oxygen mask and a bowl with water to wipe his face with” he requested and he was met with his demands without question.
“Stane has been trying to get past security for the past hour" clints first connected with Steve’s jaw harshly as he stood frozen at clints words.
“Yeah honey?” he asked as he watched Tony’s face suddenly lacking all the humor from just fee seconds ago
“Okay that’s enough. Come here” steve for once was very glad to use his strength and pick Tony up and dump in the water. Well, carefully , gently dumped.
“Hurts" he said voice small as he let out another whine and he felt a hand on his shoulder and he turned back and natasha motioned for him hold Tony.
“If you are stressed then you should run! why the hell am I running with you. And by the way you weren’t even running , I know this doesn’t even cover your warm up" steve smirked at him and he glared back
As he waited anxiously for Bucky to come out of the shower, his phone rang and he jumped at the loudness of it immediately reaching it to silence it, but when he saw it was just natasha calling he answered it
“I love you , you are not an asshole and I don’t appreciate you calling yourself that and I don’t regret any of it" steve didn’t reply , because he didn’t agree with Tony.
“You need a break from me?” Steve shut his eyes mentally smacking himself now realizing how that must have sounded
Said person was standing in the hallway behind them like she hadn’t just injured her ankle glaring at Tony but Steve knew there was no actual heat behind it. The team had come to become very protective of him whether tony knew it or not ,there wasn’t much Tony asked for and didn’t get from them.
“I made him run, made things only worse” steve said and chuckled “he did not like that" bucky just raised an amused eyebrow at him
“What if someone comes in?” tony whispered looking back at the door and Steve nibbled at the tip of his ear before grinning and whispered in his ear “I locked door when you were sleeping.” As Tony shivered at the feeling he turned to straddle Steve on the chair his fingers locking around Steve’s neck “and what were you planning to do to me behind the locked door?" he dipped his head down as he trailed wet kissed along Steve’s exposed neck.
“103.9" clint let out a low whistle at that , and starting wiping down tonys forehead, arms and chest with the cool cloth they had bought hoping to get the fever down.
Steve’s stress levels were through the roof, if he didn’t have the serum he would have had a heart attack with all the worrying he had been doing lately.
“that’s nice , you kids have fun" she said trying to urge them towards the approaching train. The sooner they were out of here the better.
Making quick work , he pulled Tony’s boxers up and helped him into his pants. Tony noticed the sudden tremble his fingers had taken over as he tried to clean up around him.
“Thank you bruce.” He received a single nod “he needs a bath, I think it will really help right now" steve said sifting his hands through Tony’s greasy hair for emphasis.
“I didn’t want to push him, you should have seen him. He denied it till the last minute.” Steve said remembering how stunned Tony had looked when he realized that Steve had already figured it out.
Tony’s whole body jerked as Steve tasted him, licked a wide stripe along the under side of his cock and he screamed out “red! Steve redd please red" and steve pulled away immediately controlling his own breathing as he watched Tony tether on panic.
“Almost an hour now" he heard Clint scream in the background and Steve realized they must be using their com links
“He hasn’t been sleeping at all apparently,  I just wanted to tire him out a little.” She just gave a half smile before bumping his shoulder and walking off
“Thanks" Steve smiled and let go of Tony completely and turned away hiding his relief as he saw Tony’s hand replace Steve’s hand where it had been on his chest and followed him out of the room.
“Hey mr.Rogers.  what’s up?” he asked and Steve realized that his friends didn’t know of what happened yesterday.  He had thought he was going to be getting berated by them.
"Drugs tony, what did you take? I am not mad, I promise. Just tell me what you took honey" he was not angry, he was scared. Scared that he hadn't even realized in his irritation when he had picked him up and now that he was seeing it, it was so obvious.
Tony sighed as he shifted on Steve’s lap, he was fidgeting Steve realized. Steve was scared and worried but he had just been the reason for Tony’s panic attack.
His classes were the same, kids would come he would spout great things of the past, they would chuckle at his lame jokes, yawn at the boring parts and groan when he gave them assignments and homework. Nothing had changed , well maybe except for the new kid , there was something about him and Steve couldn’t put a finger on it yet.
"he is alright, captain. Exhausted, and in need of rest, his iron levels need to be tested again. But he will otherwise be okay." I beamed up at the ceiling "thank you Jarvis"
“hey , come here” Steve said opening his arms slightly as an invitation for Tony to hug him but Tony didn’t move so Steve wrapped his arms the genius. Since Steve was almost a head taller Tony’s head rested perfectly at the level of Steve’s heart.
“I was at the funeral, three bodies were buried that day” Steve could feel the tremble that went through his fingers and he clenched them as tightly as possible to keep it from showing.
So when Steve found said genius , sitting all alone on a bench in the hallway outside the gym three weeks later , he stopped amused and concerned at the same time because one, tony was sitting alone, he was never alone. And two, he was hunched over, an arm wrapped around his torso gingerly with a frown that signified nothing but irritation. Steve cleared his throat , and walked over to the apparently brooding teen. In the few steps that it took him to get to tony , the boy had straightened up, arms dropped to the sides and a smirk made its way onto his face.
So far, Tony had insisted steve wait while he talks to Bruce about something science related. Then he had suddenly remembered he had forgotten something in his locker and left Steve sitting in his car while Tony ran (jogged slowly) to get his 'thing'.
“You need some support down there, wear them for atleast two days okay? Speaking which how are you feeling? Still sore?” He asked wanting to see for himself but he held back.
“Hey, welcome back sleepy head” Steve didn’t know how he managed to soften his voice suddenly like nothing had happened and Natasha raised an eeyebrow wondering the same. Tony had all kinds of effects on him and he was still surprised every time.
“Hey" he said “chest hurts, can we remove the catheter?” steve almost cried in relief at the normal answer he received.
“I know I failed to protect you, to help you when you needed it. I don't expect you to forgive me.” Tony didn't meet his eyes
“Stress can have that effect, but what you are describing seems to me like a case of anemia, we can do a blood test.” Tony shook his head immediately scowling at them both
“I promise I am not mad, I know it’s scary. Believe me , I really do. But I need to go now and when I am back , you and me are going to sit down and figure out how we can make this better for the both of us okay?” tony just wrapped his arms around Steve hugging him tightly for an entire minute before he let go.
After another thirty minutes Steve finally felt bad for Tony’s neck bent awkwardly as he continued to sleep with his head on his desk. He walked over kneeling down by Tony’s head and ran his fingers gently through his hair which was messy and seemed out of place for once like Tony had rushed to get to school on time.
Steve was afraid to even touch him as he sat and watched as pepper cried into Tony’s side ,her fingers wrapped around his. He didn’t mind, he was just content watching. Eventually the whole team came by and left , clint taking the kids back to drop them home with a promise of letting them bunk school and come here again in the morning.
“I know….” He said giving a shaky smile to her. Not many people get to see Steve like this, he never lets down the commanding captain America personality slip unless he’s with those he completely trusts and there were very few of them.  Or to be precise only three of them (nat, Clint and ofcourse thor!)
“iron man! Status report ,NOW!” steve shouted his voice adding a grunt at the end as he slammed his shield effectively cutting the head off of a monster.
He looked exhausted, and after yesterday’s turmoil he should still be in bed recovering. Steve didn’t even know what Tony was doing here today. The way stane had stormed out yesterday he would have thought he had already taken Tony back to boarding school.
“Off?” he asked gruffly , all the water they made him drink and his voice was still rough. Steve eased the mask off his face and gave him a soft kiss , just a touch really.
“Okay ,you sit here. I’ll find you something to change into “ Tony said pushing Steve onto the bed in what Steve presumed was Tony’s room.
“he took quiet the hit today” natasha said as she walked up next to me ,her own wounds were weeping blood as she wiped them off with a gauze pad. I nodded pursing my lips unsure what to say, she placed a comforting hand on my back as we were joined by the rest of the team. Three hours later , after everything and everyone were tended to , fury called for debrief.
Twenty minutes later found us sitting in the car , clint driving. Everyone still keeping an eye on Tony.  I sat next to him ,he had listed slightly to the side dozing off his head falling on my shoulder and his hair falling over his eyes. I brushed his hair off his face, trying to tuck it behind his ear,but it just fell back on his face again. I heard someone clearing their throat, looking up I saw natasha looking back at us from the front seat cocking her eyebrows “ you have got it bad Rogers, think it’s time to Tell him yet?” I felt all eyes on me ,a blush creeping up my neck as I just smiled wide looking down at the sleeping face my fingers dancing across the captain America bandaid on the brunettes forearm.
“That child Is the heir to SI. I hope you know what you are getting yourself into.” He said before Steve gave a single nod and walked away.
"You are right. Let's try something else okay? Come on" steve said after taking a deep breath, extending a hand out for Tony to grasp.
Within two minutes Bruce was there , and apparently pepper had already explained the situation to him and he quickly made his way to Tony’s room.
“He is terrified, hates the catheter but otherwise he has been okay" steve told him as he studied Bruce’s face. He glanced at the clock, half past ten, it was not very late .
“Steve. Put him down, he can’t breathe!” she said trying to get Steve to do so but he shook his head stubbornly and held on tighter to the flailing genius
he nodded and smiled gratefully at her and he recited a soft kiss on his cheek in return and he held on to that kiss as much as possible all the memories crashing down on him.
Aliens, missions, battles all meant one thing that Steve dreaded more than anything. Debrief. It was a long drawn out process and he really needed to get to Tony now.
“what’s wrong ? Steve you are scaring me" he asked as he gingerly tried to stand up and reach for Steve.
Steve held perfectly still letting Tony process his presence and then Tony was flinging himself at Steve holding on for dear life .
"J,can you pull up the blueprints for widow's bites " my workshop immediately livened up as I heard the familiar hum of his AI working. Soon I was lost to the world in the comfort of my workshop and my work. All thoughts on the events of the morning forgotten.
“Okay, let’s do that” Steve said knowing it was not necessary but if it helped Tony feel better then It was fine.
“I think you will be pleasantly surprised at what he has come up with Steve. It beats all our genius , you should be really proud of him" Bruce said settling further in his chair.
“you want me to go away so I don’t get hurt?” steve only pursed his lips looking away because he didn’t actually want the first part.
Bruce had woken him up a few hours into his fatigued sleep , and he raised him head up careful not to jostle any of the things attached to Tony.
“Fine but only you no natasha" that would do as long as he was talking. “can we go to your place today after school?”
It was short, and sweet and completely inexperienced on Tony’s part and Steve loved it. He would cherish this kiss forever. Steve pulled back, tony following his lips and Steve chuckled at him holding him back.
“He has a certain charm about him" steve said shrugging and they all just silently agreed sipping their coffees.
Tony had said he was so tired of everything going to ‘shit’ and wanted a normal life or as normal as he would get. Steve was way past that, the worry an ever present companion lingering in the back of his head.
“Okay, I’ll go get us a car. There is a hospital two miles out" steve sighed in relief at hearing that there was one that close by.
“ how did this happen?” he asked truly at a loss of an explanation. Tony was still not talking until prompted or asked something and Steve was getting worried and didn’t know how long this phase would last or if he was required to do more to help him.
I was tired enough already, why was Bruce being so question-y? I shrugged, turning towards the bar and grabbed the peanuts and popped a few in my mouth.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea right now” Steve whispered back , because even if tony was not listening to the other two in the room , he was definitely tracking every movement Steve made.
“we know it’s not just stane, if we look into rumlow we will definitely find something there as well" natasha said lost in thought “but how does Bucky fit into all this?”
“We have to talk Tony, there is a lot of gaps that are unfilled here. I have some questions” he didn’t want to bring this up but the sooner he knew the sooner they could fix it.
Natasha and Steve were posed as couples , standing arm in arm , but were actually casing the area for the mad man. They had been given orders to bring him back to base, so they can find out what aliens he had been in contact with and what danger it was going to bring to earth.
“I am alright,  thanks. I am sorry I ruined it” he said again but this time he sounded a little less afraid of what Steve might think and a little more confident.
“there we go, you are doing so good. Keep that up, you are going to be just fine" Steve uttered nonsense for the next two minutes that it took for Tony to finally regulate his breathing enough to start matching Steve’s.
He also saw tony startle,his body jerking, from his peripheral vision but quickly composed himself and muttered something that sounded suspiciously like ‘just Natasha’
“Nope and how did you know about that?” Tony was still wearing a collared shirt like he had been all day but he didn’t want to ask Tony to show him the bruises yet , he felt like Tony deserved an explanation and answers to all the questions Steve knew was running in his genius mind .
Tony was exactly what Clint had said, a teenager. And teenagers need to explore . And it really was none of Steve’s business what Tony was doing.
“right so details, tony I have already spoken to your surgeon. He says you need to be admitted tonight, they need to do some tests before they can go ahead. I know it’s scary buddy but I will be in the OR with you the whole time.” He said and Tony briefly nodded and looked towards Steve “can you also be there?” he asked
He was eager to walk the few steps to close the distance between himself and Bruce who was waiting for him at a table. It was the lone table at the cafeteria away from all the noise, Steve wondered why he would pick this spot next to the trash can.
"Tony,can you open your eyes?you with us?"Bruce said .That's a good question!why are my eyes still closed?I blinked my eyes open ,everything seemed hazy at first but got better quickly. I was seated sideways on the chair and my head was resting on Steve's abdomen with his hands cupping my face and head.
“Good, thank you for staying with him, was he alright through the night?” he asked as thor scrubbed at his beard with his fingers and squinted at Tony’s sleeping form.
Steve grinned as he felt tonys cock twitch under his fingers seeking more attention as he started to becoming hard again .
“you are okay, take some deep breaths. Come on" he shuddered as he sucked in the abundant air like someone would take it away from him if he didn’t use it.
“he's sixteen Steve" natasha said gently but it still hit me hard. Even though Steve knew it was wrong he couldn’t stop himself from feeling these things.
“You are not the only one who got permission to go home. You can either sit here and sulk or come spend your last day with me” he said holding up the other letter and Tony’s eyes went wide as he quickly got up following Steve out the gym and into the parking lot.
“It wasn’t like that, I was afraid Bucky would hurt him more if I tried to do something. I figured if I pretended not to know him he wont have a reason to. Or if in case later-"
Steve let go as soon as he was against the wall, frowning at him , the image of tony sitting outside the gym protecting his ribs making a reappearance in his head. He couldn’t help but wonder if tony was hurt more severely than he let on.
“This was a purely coincidental happening, no one knew Tony was going to be there with his friend.” Natsasha stated but stane was fuming at Steve .
“What I do not understand is how would stane know about the three week mark and your friend with one arm?” thor asked looking at them generally and now Tony looked even more confused and when all eyes turned on him he balked , putting the bowl down panic taking over his facial features he looked up at Steve scrambling to get away but Steve quickly caught him holding him in place
“I am only giving you an option, I won’t force you to do anything Tony. No one should.” Tony nodded , avoiding his eyes and Steve waited patiently for Tony to confirm to him that that’s what he really wanted. No matter how much Steve did not want it, he was not going to make Tony do anything he was not comfortable with.
It took a few seconds for Steve to calculate that if what natasha said was true then Tony had in infact anything to eat since the past thirty hours or so give or take.
Steve has been teaching history since almost five years now. Waking up after 11 years, shield had made sure to be kind enough to let Steve be what he wanted to be.
“Steve, he has to understand that we cannot help him if he doesn’t come to us. We cannot keep cajoling him into telling us every time something happens.” Tony flinched ever so slightly and Steve glared at natasha for bringing this up again.
“I am your teacher tony, do you even know how old I am?” He asked “Ten years ,well actually more ,older than you buddy” he said and tony glared at him and then huffed ignoring what he said first.
From the past few months Steve had learnt that Tony was touch starved, but he was also very hesitant to accept it from just anybody. He had been reluctant with Steve as well in the beginning but he had learnt that it takes a little bit of coaxing on Steve’s part and once he accepts it , tony will milk the most out of it shamelessly and Steve loved that part of it.
I groaned trying to get up "I am fine, the energy overload must have shorted out the reactor. I need to get to the tower, the spare one is in my lab." I said looking down at the reactor which seemed to be flickering consistently, I could feel the jittery movement of my heart from the abnormal impulse it was receiving from the reactor. Steve was going to be so mad, but only if someone told him right?
But Steve wasn’t sure it was his place to ask anything, but the concern was getting the better of him as he watched Natasha pull the door close behind her leaving the two of them alone again.
“uhm, I think he and fury are weighing the odds of the hulk making an appearance” clint said rubbing some warmth onto his upper arms getting the blood flowing.
Tony turned a shade pinker which was actually not all that bad considering how pale he was just moments before.
His heart calmed the moment his eyes landed on tony sitting on the stands by the basketball court watching the game. Just as he was about to walk up to him he was stopped by the gym teacher
“You are fine, I am not saying anything is wrong. Just a physical okay?” nope, tony was not having it though
“I didn’t want the money, I wanted the son” tony blushed some more when Steve said that , trying to get up but Steve kept him down against him.
“Clint will be here in fifteen and stay until school closes and pick him up. Take him to the tower" steve was not happy with that plan , he wanted to be the one to take him to the tower and be the one to tell him that he never has to go back to the mansion again.
“She contacted me when you were unfrozen, said she thought Steve needed a familiar face but I disagreed”
He nodded slightly before explaining “being gay was not exactly appreciated in the forties. But the feelings were there"  she covered Steve’s palm letting him know, that no matter what the answer might be to her next question,  she was going to be there for him.
Natasha cleared her throat “ok now that introductions and semantics are over , can we get back to the reason why we are here?” she asked
“Punishment?” it popped out of Bruce’s mouth even before he had thought it over and Steve knew that because the moment it left his mouth Bruce bought a hand up to his mouth.
“He needs open heart surgery?” steve asked tightly and Tony winced and Steve let go of his hand when he realed he was holding on too tightly.
“Steve, what’s going on? Why is this kid from school all of a sudden so important to you?” Natasha said, and that was just it Steve didn’t know why.
“You bought shoes?” He asked as he opened the box and then his eyes popped just a tiny little bit when he saw them “wait , they are for me? Cause these will definitely not fit you” steve chuckled as he watched Tony pick one up holding them like he wanted nothing to do with them.
He walked over sitting down and placing his own tray on the table. “hey , you look troubled. Teenagers problems?” Steve asked as Bruce gave him a weary smile.
“Well there you have it,” she gave him a small smile “something I have noticed about Tony is that he he has really fallen for you Steve. It won’t go away just like that. I know he is young, but we both know how smart he really is. You have to trust him to make the right decision.”
“hold still, I will be in and out in just a minute” he said as he laughed at Tony’s shocked expression .
He released Tony’s wrist and placed his now free hand behind Tony’s head fingers burying in the brown locks as he pulled Tony impossibly closer to him feeling overly possessive if the precious thing in his hands.
“Don’t call me buddy and I will be eighteen soon” Steve tried to will natasha and Clint to come back and save him from this but no matter what intensity he stared with at the door, no one came.
He nodded , wanting to desperately ask about the injury but he knew Fury was the one who owed him all the answers , not Bruce.
But that didn't mean I was ready for it. It's not fair that I am anemic. He was Iron man for god'sake! Nat had given me the "I will not hesitate to prick you with no foreseen warning!" I knew she was capable after she had once given him a shot when he had palladium poisoning.
“I will be back , in the morning. I’ll ask bruce to stop by, I have no right to tell you what to discuss with him.”
A doombot came swinging at natasha as she ducked and Steve flung his shield hard into it severing its neck from the body. One of its arms caught Steve along his cheek drawing blood.
“I am going to check okay?” he said prying the cover from his hands as he continued brushing his his hands through his hair to calm him down.
“Almost done, look here” he said guiding Tony’s face to turn to the right and did the same to his other eye. Satisfied with what he saw he dropped the flashlight back into its little pouch.
“I don’t know.” Tony smirked, stepping through the portal as casually as if he was walking through the doorway, wanting to have his Steve in his arms more than anything. When he was finally there, he placed a soft, cherishing kiss against his lips then pulled back. “Are you?”
But his worry didn’t cease; if anything it intensified. He sought out signs of the invisible Stark anywhere. He wasn’t on social media and other than official Stark webpages and a byline in Howard Stark’s Wikipedia page, the young man was generally kept hidden.
And when Steve pushed open the door, it was Clint who was standing in front of the showers, his back to Steve, a towel wrapped around his waist and his hair wet.
“No. I have it on strong authority that ferrets are curious and strong, that sounds Canadian to me.”
They both stared at it; neither of them mentioning it aloud. In fact, they pointedly ignored it, with Tony shrugging in the armor, and insisting it was hours before anyone needed to sleep. Steve nodded. They would take shifts or something. But even as he looked at the sleep capsule, something about it wriggled under his skin, the mere image of him and Tony in it together causing an itch to form at the base of his spine. A tingle at how, to fit in the capsule--only slightly bigger than modern day MRI machines--they’d have to lay on their sides, or one pressed up against the other.
“What?” Tony asked, all innocent, as he walked back to the bed. “Till next time!” He gave his Steve another kiss before sending the portal a wave.
Steve swallowed hard around the astronaut food. He wouldn't be having any of these thoughts if he didn't know what it felt like to have Tony shift and roll his hips against his.
But to see Tony so open with his scening, to see him go down and stay that way as he went about the Tower, that was new. Usually, it was fleeting, and in private, hidden away moments where he indulged with someone he trusted.
Every so often, Steve would rub his hand up and down Tony’s thigh, his fingertips ghosting along sensitive skin between his legs. The soprano sung while Tony clenched his ass around the toy. He’d known what Steve had in mind when he’d explained his date night idea, handing over the design for a vibrating plug with a remote extension. Over the next couple of days he worked on it, anticipation sparked to life under his skin; the thought of how it’d feel consumed him until the actual evening.
He chuckled again and Steve closed his eyes, the sound rolling straight through his erection to land near where the plug nailed his prostate. “I’m not going to take you here, Steve. At least, not tonight.”
“Boys, boys. Don’t make me be the adult here,” Tony cut in, walking onto the balcony with three glasses of wine and a pillow wedged under his arm. He handed out the wine, then tossed the pillow onto the wooden floor of the balcony and followed its trajectory, lying his head on top of it.
But Tony didn't laugh. Instead, his brow creased and he leaned in even closer, eyes flicking back and forth over Steve's face. "Tell me what's wrong," he said quietly.
It’d been trained into him from over a century ago: he did not bring up Captain America. Unless he was in uniform or on the battlefield, he was Steve.
Tony sighed. “Not really the point Anthony. The point is, now that we found it, how do we get Steve to bleed on it.”
“My come is all over you, and you look gorgeous. No one else can mark you this way, not even your own come, unless I say.” His body tried to grow harder under Steve’s hand but the pressure remained. “Do you think you can wait?”
Thoughts of Steve’s lips and teeth against his sensitive skin reminded him of one other thing he needed to prepare for his vidchat. Sliding open his drawer, he pulled out his phone and placed it out of view from the webcam but still in his line of sight. He shifted in his chair, the cock ring squeezing what had been a mostly uninterested cock until now. Following Steve’s order, even if the other man wasn’t anywhere nearby, made the blood heat in his veins.
“Well, like I said, SHIELD...and your dad. Apparently.” Steve took a deep breath, trying to will down the effects of their kiss, but their aroused scents still clung to the air, making it nearly impossible. “Here, let's sit down.” He led them over to a discarded sofa that held even more of his past possessions. “Coulson told me that together they’d been searching for years. SHIELD found me right after he passed.”
Steve took a deep breath and pushed aside the phantom feeling from the memory of Tony sleeping beside him--more than beside him, practically cuddling--but it didn’t seem like Tony remembered any of it. When Steve continued to gape at him Tony tried again.
Steve couldn’t blame his warming cheeks on the sun this time. Still he stepped forward, grabbing a brush of his own and pulling up next to Tony. He dropped his gaze pointedly to Tony’s snug, red breeches. “Not to inflate your already enormous ego, but that may be impossible.”
“Those are big words for someone about to pop off.” Steve arched again, their familiar bickering transforming into flirtatious banter and it was enough to make Steve’s own cock twitch dangerously close to falling over the edge.
R&D wasn’t a floor he was familiar with, but he did his best to take confident strides through the workshops. It was a huge, open area, with small workspaces around the wall, larger projects and their equipment in the center. A quick scan of the room and Steve saw them, a workspace full of mannequin heads, all with different faces on them. The nanomasks.
Tony’s smirk grew wider. “I’ll make sure to go say hi and make him faint then.” It seemed to be the correct reply because Taehyung nudged his shoulder in friendly camaraderie.
Fuck. He was hard, completely distracted from his meeting, and he hadn’t even read the accompanying message yet. Tony pictured himself on Steve’s lap, Steve’s hard cock rubbing through those damn khakis against Tony’s ass. Or maybe Steve wanted him on his knees between those spread thighs, unzipping his pants and pulling out his hard, thick--
Forty-eight hours ago Steve had no idea it could be like this but now he rolled his hips up to Tony’s hand and hissed, “Yes,” into the darkened confines of their sleep capsule.
His smile was wide and satisfied; there was also a distinct tent in his pants. “Locked the door behind me.” Steve shrugged.
Steve swallowed and looked away, knowing his face was beet red. Tony chuckled and walked over to a nearby deck chair where a plush white robe awaited him. Only when he wrapped it around his bare shoulders and tied it closed with a knot at his hip, did Steve take in a deep breath.
It was a simple, mindless command. All the Avengers were on the common floor, setting the table for dinner. Natasha placed the silverware while Bruce handed Clint some bread rolls. Steve ordered Tony to pour him something he’d like, and he followed the command automatically. It wasn’t until Tony’s hand curled around the old fashioned, that he had the sense to chuckle at his reaction.
Tony didn’t answer immediately. When he did, his words croaked out, as if he hadn’t used his voice in a long time--Or, the sinister thought cut in, that Tony had screamed himself hoarse. “About thirteen days ago.”
“Hey, it’s okay--” he held his hand up, trying to stave off Steve’s panic. “I’m okay. About to be on my way home.”
His cock twitched in the ring. Would Steve leave him like this for the rest of the seminar, or would he strike at any moment? He loved to keep Tony waiting, he loved to make him work--The vibrations returned in full force again, breaking off his thoughts. It was so much, especially after the waves, building and retreating, but every time they returned, Tony was that much closer. Now they were unrelenting, and it was growing hard to keep his voice straight as he turned to his conclusion.
Steve cleared his throat and Jimin’s gaze swung to him, a quick swipe up and down in a admiring way Tony was familiar with but then all business. “Codeword, yes,” Jimin said. “Gimbap.” Jungkook followed with the codeword and they were cleared to join the rest of the group.
Tony could see it, and he didn’t know what was hotter: the image or Steve suggesting it; blood rushed to his cock. The idea of waiting here, fucked out, however Steve left him. Used, owned, claimed, desire flooded him as Steve bit at his collar.
Rhodey looked up when Steve and Tony tumbled out of the elevator in rumpled sleep clothes, hair standing on end. He shot a quick glance at Pepper, who pressed her lips together. So that confirmed that something was going on between those two. He should’ve learned never to bet against Pepper. Sure, they’d been making moon eyes at each other--when they hadn’t been at one another's throats. He supposed he shouldn't have been surprised that their frustrations would be let out
“On your knees,” Steve growled out, eyes flashing. His hand dug into Tony’s hair and guided him roughly to the floor. He knelt, legs spread, the backs of his feet pressed against the wall.
Steve left the pharmacy fifteen minutes later with a bag of suppressants and a countdown until the next time he’d see Tony.
There was a long pause before Tony appeared to gather all of his strength through a shaky breath and nodded. Steve draped his zip up sweater around Tony's back and let it hang loose for him to close. Then he stepped away from the cage and started to pace around the room. It was mostly empty, though Steve noticed some plates of discarded food around the edges. Probably the remains of Tony’s meals. There was a closet that Steve pulled open and immediately wished he hadn’t.
“Oh, did you now? You know, some privacy sounds wonderful.” Tony dropped his arms from around Steve’s neck and grabbed his hand, leading them out of the front row seats. Tony swore their footsteps sped up as they got closer to the green room, and he found himself laughing, giddy as Steve pushed open the door to the room they knew would be empty, the seven occupants still on stage.
“Who the fuck cares?! Get the fuck out!” Stane pulled out his cellphone and pressed a button. “Security! Ninetieth floor. Now.”
“Right. Wouldn’t let his omega son in on that one even if--Well, right. Very good. Welcome. Back, of course.” Tony straightened, tense and overly formal. “This shitty world needs more heroes, let me tell you.”
Steve opened the cabinet and pulled out two glasses, filling them with water from the kitchenette sink. As he walked by the sofa, he passed a glass to Tony where he lay on his stomach, back healing. The couch was occupied, and the only other place to sit was the bed. Steve put the glass down, wringing his hands before sitting on the very edge, of the far corner, on the foot of the bed. Steve had never been so aware of his scent, not wanting to mark any more of this new space with alpha scent than he needed to.
Brown eyes met Steve’s from across the room. Tony smirked and Steve’s hand clenched helplessly around the red and gold ball.
That was the thing about being a superhero, you usually met people on some of the worst days of their lives. “We’ll do our best to get these guys. The rest of our team is on the offensive--attach and catch portion of the mission, “ Tony said.
The rest of the emails he made it through with fewer platitudes, short and to the point with the endless vibrations distracting him.
“I know.” Tony swallowed. “He made sure to tell me.” His smile twisted into something ugly. “But he’s still gone, it’s Wednesday after all.” The way he spat the word like it was something filthy broke apart something in Steve’s chest. Their Wednesdays, ruined, twisted, turned against Tony like everything else. “We should go through the alley.” Tony started to walk out of the elevator when the doors opened, only to have one of his knees give out. Steve moved quickly, grabbing Tony before he could fall. Tony turned a bit into him, and Steve’s breath caught. “I don’t think we’ll be taking public transit with me like this.” He straightened, but left an arm around Steve’s waist. “I maybe haven’t eaten since...Monday? Either.”
The driver remained silent, like they did every morning. The car started, and the low thrum of the morning news filled the small space as they wove through the city. He usually ignored the news. Most of it was half told narratives, biasly edited in a way that told whatever story they were trying to push. The real wars, the ones that happened off the morning news, he learned about in a SHIELD conference room and on the ground.
Tony’s hand stopped punching. “Can’t remember if I’ve ever had any other alpha say that to me before.” He started hitting again. “It’ll be painful, but if we wait it out, if I don’t see him for long enough--”
“Please,” Steve whispered under his breath. “Tony?” He traced his finger along his cheek, willing him to wake. Wanting it so desperately he hunched over the man, wings out behind him high in the sky. “Tony!” he shouted and the wings shot down in a single, loud beat. It reminded Steve of the burst that took Thor off his feet, but Tony remained secure in his arms. Then, his eyes shot open.
“Everyone in the Magical World knows this ring, it's one of He-Who--of Voldemort’s--it’s one of his horcruxes. The Deathly Hallows symbol is engraved across the gemstone.” The man had gone completely white and fixed Tony with an expression that spoke of fear, of horrors of days past that were routinely recalled in his mind’s eye. “Who are you?”
“Anthony!” Steve shouted as the hum morphed into a gust of wind, whipping the papers off Steve’s desk and rattling the broomsticks off the wall. The beam hit the other side of the hut, and Tony remembered how it felt slamming into his chest. There was a bang, but instead of blowing the hut in half, magic or expert craftsmanship held it in place. The beam left the blue stone entirely, forming a large circle that stood on its own at the far end of the hut.
Steve tried not to grip too hard, splinter the wood. There were things he needed to say, important things, that would allow Tony to understand what he was doing here, what they were doing here, how much this meant to him. “I first considered the possibility of this, of us, when you caught me admiring the cuffs that bound you to the Iron Man suitcase.”
Rhodey realized he’d been staring and dropped his gaze back to his phone. When he flicked them up again, Tony and Steve were in the kitchen, smiling and leaning into a kiss.
Tony shifted out of the hug and placed his hands on the piano. He imagined their mothers smiling. “Well then, let’s do this.”
His hands started to roam back along Steve’s chest, tugging his shirt up as they went. Following Tony’s lead he tried to lift his hands, but that only resulted in him hitting the back of them against the capsule ceiling. Steve laughed, breaking their kiss but it was okay because Tony’s chuckle set vibrations where it pressed into his jaw and down his neck.
“And none of it will help get you in the air.” It was a rough change of subject, but Tony let it slide.
Steve was on his feet and running across the street within seconds. Gravel skidded under his boots as Tony retracted his gauntlets, eyes bright and pupils wide. Steve pulled off his cowl, and it was like Tony couldn’t contain his surge of adrenaline, moving forward with his hands on Steve’s hips. If a camera were to capture them now, it’d be an image to inspire generations. All Steve wanted was to close the space between them with a kiss, wrap a hand into Tony’s hair and make it deep and filthy.
A moan broke from Tony’s throat as he turned his face into Steve’s neck. “Tony, you’re--Oh hell, you’re beautiful like this. I thought we could make it till the end but--no, it looks like that won’t be happening.”
“Of course, Tony.” Steve felt heat rush across his cheeks, his wings fluttering behind him then pulling tightly against his back. Tony chuckled and Steve learned that his laugh sounded warm and lovely, when fondness weaved through it. “Anytime,” Steve added.
A frigid shiver ran through Steve at the thought of Stane doing the absolute worst. Would he kill his own omega? It’d break their bond, and it didn’t seem like Stane wanted that. He’d known Tony his whole life, surely he cared somewhat--No. This wasn’t a rational man. There was no certainty for Steve here, only fear and an ache because Stane could kill Tony. His hands could fit around Tony’s slender neck, he could beat him to death, starve him, shove him off the balcony hundreds of stories high.
"Mr. Rogers, wha-" Steve questioned as Tony grabbed his hand and started dragging him through the crowd. "Tony what is
"Shh, I know, doll. It's gonna be okay." Bucky ran his fingers through Steve's messy hair. Steve couldn't help but collapse against the man he'd once loved so dearly. New tears miraculously poured from his eyes, soaking Bucky's shirt as he buried his face in the man's chest.
“But, I know him as the love of my life.” Tony finished as he grabbed Steve’s hand, lacing their fingers together.
“Surprised you and Barnes can afford a place like this.” He called, unable to control his rage. He knew it wasn’t right to put Steve down over money, but he didn’t care. It was all he had.
"Yeah, douchebag. Now are you gonna come make it right or are you gonna keep dancing with your sluts?"
banquet. If you didn't want something serious, you could've just said so instead of stringing me along just to humiliate me like that!"
“Yeah, well I counted every day, every minute I spent alone waiting for a call or even a text, wondering why I wasn’t enough.”
“This person is a big part of my life, so we finally decided it’s time to tell everyone. This announcement was not something easy to get to. It’s taken months to feel comfortable enough to share this, so I expect respect in return.”
Still, Steve certainly was not on board and Tony hadn't seen him since their conversation ended last night. As if it didn't hurt enough that Steve was embarrassed that Tony was his boyfriend or that he'd decided to sleep in his old bedroom rather than the one he shared with Tony, now he was avoiding him.
Having grown up in a much less accepting world, he knew Steve and Bucky deserved happiness together. They never could've held hands at the movies or gone out dancing or had a proper dinner date. The love of his life deserved to have all of that with the love of his. He just wished that he was that person. Alas, Tony would never be that person for anyone. He was simply unlovable.
to make an appearance. He even had the audacity to bring along his latest victim, I mean, boyfriend.
And when he did, there Steve was. Kneeling with a small black box in his hands and tears in his eyes.
Bucky wiped his thumb across the smile lines around Tony's eyes where a few tears had spilled. He kissed Tony's forehead and smiled back at the shorter man, who then pulled him over to the couch where he ended up in a cuddle pile involving himself, Stark, Thor, and Pepper.
Bucky who had lost his own soulmate back in their time, had rekindled a friendship and more with Steve. Worst of all, they looked happy together. Steve’s mark had faded to a pale gray. No matter, Tony’s hadn’t been there since the night they signed the papers, so what did he care anyway?
"Sorry, not one for pleasantries." He stopped the girl in her tracks before she could excitedly introduce herself to
Fortunately, Tony was too exhausted from more social interaction than he’d had in months to dwell on it before passing out.
Pressing the button repeatedly, Steve tried to stop the tears that inevitably streaked down his face as he heard footsteps approaching.
Steve, ever the worrier, got onto him about smoking, but Tony paid him no mind, simply instructing Jarvis to turn up the volume and Barnes to remove his prosthesis. He instantly got to work, not wanting to drag the process out any longer than he had to. Bucky and Steve sat on the couch where Tony had spent hours crying—but no one needs to know about that—smiling and laughing like the old friends they were. Tony clenched his jaw and opened a new pack.
On the other hand, Steve was not aware of these goals, so he got a little more riled up than Tony would have wanted. Unlike his boyfriend, though, Steve wasn't one to make a scene.
A small light filled the dark room as Tony lit a cigarette between his teeth with one hand, rummaging through a cabinet with the other.
Suddenly, Tony became eerily quiet. "What do you want, Steve? A life, here? With your husband? Or to keep running off every chance you get to save the world? Because I was under the impression that we were settling down and passing the torch. Now I'm deeply sorry if I misunderstood the vows we made to one another, but if I did, you need to tell me
"Be right back, Babe." In a robe, Tony made his way out to the kitchen of their floor, where Steve's favorite Chinese takeout had arrived. Grabbing their food, two glasses of wine, and Steve's favorite honey scented candle, Tony made his way back to the bathroom, tray in hands.
While the hot water ran, Tony helped Steve undress. He eased his boyfriend into the warm water and let Steve relax against the pillow Tony had set up for him to rest his head on.
A bunch of superheroes living together? What a stupid idea. But, damn, did Steve love that stupid building each morning when he woke from yet another dream about Tony and got to watch him sip a hot coffee over breakfast.
Steve's eyes found their way back to the screen on which the footage continued. Tony dragged himself over to a compartment, hidden behind his microwave oven.
Wind so hard it should feel like a slap felt more comforting than anything Tony could have experienced in his lifetime. Free. He was finally free. Free of his relationship.
"We're soulmates, damn it. You don't just break up. You can't just leave, Tony! You work shit out! I know you've got problems, but we've all got problems. I can help you with them. It'll get better-"
"I should've known better. Stark men make weapons. I should've ditched the whole hero gig when I had the chance. Do me a favor, huh? Drop my letter off to Fury."
A light blush spread across Steve’s cheeks as he smiled up at Tony, who, in that moment, had reminded him of Bucky. His dear best friend would never hesitate to knock someone out over Steve, whether it be defending his honor or simply saving him from an ass beating. Certainly smaller than Buck, Tony had the same protective attitude toward Steve. That was his Steve, after all. Nobody hurt
you." Tony stood, grabbing Steve's shirt by the collar. "As in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, Honey. Sorry."
Tony didn’t know why he’d said it. He was just fuming with anger and wanted Steve to feel even an ounce of the same. That marriage broke Tony down, and he just moves on like that? Well, two can play at that game. Now, Tony just had to find a date.
Storming straight past his table where Nat and Bucky still sat, barely keeping their hands of each other, Steve headed straight for the elevator.
"I love you, Tony. Always have. Always will. And if somehow, in the end, you find yourself in a better place and think it might be possible to forgive me... Well, I'm just a phone call away. I'll be waiting."
Free of his illness and addiction. He sipped on a diet coke and bit into a deliciously greasy cheeseburger. Free. His stomach didn’t churn once as the food settled. For the first time in a very long time, Tony was healthy; he was happy.
When it happened, it was completely natural. Each night they spent grew longer and longer until the late night deep talks started again. They talked about everything. Feelings, memories, their lives apart, the good and the bad. They talked about everything Tony had wanted to talk to Steve about when he hadn’t been around, and naturally, Steve had to apologize again for coming around to talk about his own issues all those times and never being there for him. But, and he would never say this out loud, Tony didn’t care anymore. He was just glad to have Steve there now.
Steve knew there was so much more he should have done, but he hadn’t even known there was an issue. Nonetheless, had he been around he certainly would have noticed. Not to mention he was never great at fixing a bad situation and had somehow mad a horrible situation worse. It was all he thought about every last day since June 5
Tony pushed against Steve's chest as Steve pressed him against the wall kissing down his neck. "Y-you should probably go find Abby." Tony gasped out as Steve pulled both their shirts off, pressing his own hips against Tony's. "She's probably w-wondering where y-you went." He stuttered as Steve kissed down his chest.
Reasonably, he knew he must've heard the door to his and Tony's bedroom open and the footsteps crossing the room, but it still startled him when he felt warmth behind him and two strong arms lifting him so he was upright with his back against a broad chest.
Over the next several months, Steve and Tony got closer and closer over many boxes of takeout, deep talks, and late nights. The team was shocked that they could be in the same room let alone spend practically every day together. I mean, Tony wouldn't even hole up in the workshop without Steve on the couch sketching or reading or talking about his old life anymore. Not to mention, they started noticing the heart eyes Steve never seemed to notice being thrown his way.
The lack of response slowed Steve's laughter to a halt. He discarded the paper for Fury and examined those remaining on the countertop.
Steve walked out onto the balcony expecting a usual late night chat over pizza. He was not, however, expecting white roses or a home cooked meal on the finest china in the Stark residence or candles or a note with
"Exactly. You didn't do anything." Rhodey said bitterly. "You just watched. Didn't even try to help Tony."
Just as he was placing the finishing touches, Tony stepped out of the elevator, onto the roof. His face was awestruck. White Christmas lights hung all around the roof of the Avengers Tower. A large blanket was spread out on the ground next to Bruce's garden. On it was a basket full of Tony's favorite foods that Steve could cook, a bottle of non-alcoholic champagne, a note, and a vase full of Tony's favorite flowers.
Those coffee eyes wouldn't even meet his as Steve placed both hands on either side of his husband's face.
Steve grabbed his face once more, kissing his soulmate as passionately as he had on their wedding day.
"And don't think I didn't notice your mark shining more dull every time you came home, Steve. You can't hide that you don't love me anymore when your mark doesn't even glow like it used to!"
"Stevie, I promise. I- I love you so much." Tony was now peppering kisses all around Steve's face in between words, stroking his hair and face, wiping his tears, gently rocking back and forth. "It won't ever happen again, Sweetie. I don't need anyone but you, my love. I didn't mean it, I swear. I just wanted your attention, that's all." He could feel himself rambling but couldn't stop the words spewing from his mouth, nor the pecks he was leaving on Steve's head. "Please, forgive me, Buttercup. We won't tell a soul until you feel okay, SugarBear. Even if that means taking our love to my grave, I swear. Whatever you want, Hun. Whatever you need, Lovely, that is what we’re gonna do. Please, Stevie. Just be okay, with me.
As they settled into bed that night, they were both completely peaceful, still enfolded in each other’s arms.
It wasn’t your typical Tony Stark party. Of course, there was no alcohol and a very limited guest list. But it was perfect. Peter, Pepper, Happy, Rhodey—his family were all hugging him tightly expressing how much they’d missed him. The team congratulated him upon his return, and all was right. Well, just about everything, except…
"Oh my gosh, we're finally gonna lose our virginity?" Tony said in a voice clearly mocking a teenage girl about to have sex for the first time. Steve scrunched his nose at the joke. "Ready for what, Stud?" Tony said in a more serious tone, finally standing and turning to his boyfriend.
"Well, some might. I can't make any promises against that. But, I can promise you this. I would've felt a lot better about who I am growing up had I known that the Star Spangled Man on my bedroom posters was bisexual just like me. And I'm sure little Tony Stark isn't the only boy that would feel better."
So, he made his rounds making small talk and greeting civilians. As Tony would say, Captain America business—kissing babies and such. Eventually he ended up back at his previous table. Thor had wandered off somewhere with Bruce, so Steve sat alone until Nat got bored teasing Clint and dragged Bucky along behind her.
Who was he kidding? It was all he could do not to grab the back of Tony’s neck and stick his tongue down his throat every time he got so close to his face searching for the perfect insult to get right under his skin. Little did Tony know, he didn’t even have to try. Though, this might not be quite what Tony had in mind.
“You may know this person as Captain America.” His eyes fell on Steve in the front row, beckoning him to join Tony. “Come on, Stud.”
!" He whispered under his breath, praying the doors would open faster and cursing his watery eyes when the security retina scan failed.
"Darling, I didn't mean to hurt you." Being that he was so much smaller in comparison, he did his best to pull Steve into his lap. "Please, Honey, you have to believe me. I had no idea what they did to you back then, Baby. I just wanted the world to know you're all mine, Sugar."
warming up to him. And he had to admit, this was so much better than hating each other but not wanting the other to die.
"I don't see it," Steve laughed at Tony as the two sat closely, watching Pulp Fiction. "He's got twice as many eyes!"
It was hard to argue with that logic. Several young women surrounded Tony, only lacking drinks in their hands if they were dancing on him, and to make matters worse, he did not hesitate to let his hands wander across their bodies.
"Tony, you of all people know how it is. We're saving people's lives. There's not exactly time off."
"Now this, right here. This is my favorite part." Happy was absolutely livid as the Steve on the screen chased after Bucky who had just run away, not even looking back at his boyfriend lying on the ground. "You just left him there. You just left him by himself!"
"Well, crazy as it is, we didn't get to finish our first lives, and these new ones ain't nothin' like anything we ever thought we'd have. But you're the love of this life for Stevie, and I'm sure this all happened for a reason, 'cause you've gotta be his soulmate, Stark."
"Could we just stay in here? If not, it's okay. I get it if you wanna go back.." Steve was precious when he went all soft like this.
"Have to? No. Want to? Duh. Why wouldn't I want to pamper my gorgeous, super-soldier boyfriend? Especially after hurting his feelings." The redness of Steve's face was spreading down his neck and across his chest. Tony thought he always looked so pretty when he blushed.
Brushing back the sweat-damp curls plastered to his husband's forehead, Steve tried to get Tony's attention.
He opened the door expecting one of his biggest fears; being alone. That dark place always creeped up on him when he was loneliest, and he wasn’t sure if he was quite ready no matter what the shrinks said. But he wasn’t alone. Not yet anyway.
"Tony, please." Steve was suddenly inches away from Tony. He took the burning cigarette from his hand and put it out next to the now full glass on the counter.
The fragile body that was once so strong and wrapped in armor pulled him into a hug. And they held each other.
"The workshop. Bucky strangling Tony. Ring any bells?" Pepper's disgusted tone pulled at Steve's heart.
Everyone in the crowd, however, applauded at his landing. As he stood and made his way toward the bar, he stepped right out of the armor in a classic black suit and pulled out his sunglasses while Mark 26 walked itself back toward the balcony and took off over the edge to return to the workshop.
. Steve collapsed onto the floor as he watched he love of his life relapse. All he could do was watch through tear-blurred eyes as Tony cried and touched the finger shaped bruises forming along his throat and drank and asked JARVIS to reinstate the total lockdown in a raspy, broken voice.
“Well, thank you for defending me, Darling.” He kissed Steve’s forehead. “I’m not so good with words, like you. But you know I’ll punch any reporter that says anything wrong about my Cap.”
Thor and Rhodey were crossing the room looking at Steve almost with intent to kill. Happy, Pepper, and Natasha followed closely behind them. Even Clint and Bruce were walking toward him, all of them saying something or another about Tony. What was this, some kind of intervention?
In a corner with Thor, Steve tried to listen to some story about Jane's accomplishments while very obviously staring at Tony. By now, he was used to his boyfriend flirting with women in public because that's just who Tony was and who he was expected to be. Their relationship wasn't public, of course, and as far as everyone knew Tony Stark was available. It would be more odd for Tony to not be flirting with tons of women than it was for him to be all over several.
Tony paused, hands clenched in the fabric over Steve’s heart, their faces only inches apart. His eyes flicked down to Steve’s mouth. Tony didn’t demand, not this time. Instead, he tipped his gaze back up to meet Steve’s and asked, “May I?”
“You just said you were--” Tony shook his head and stalked over to Steve, grabbing his arm and tugging him down the ship. Steve let him, not having the fight in him to keep his feet from following in his wake. “You’re so stubborn,” Tony mumbled under his breath.
The orchestra crescendoed into the middle of the first act and Steve shifted in his seat in Tony’s box at the Met. Every movement pressed the plug into a new angle, and he floated between pleasure and mortification as the opera faded into the background.
“It’s returned now,” Anthony assured. “It’s in my office, for now, and back to the headmaster after we resolve…” He waved his hand towards Tony.
He had no excuses why on his first day off, he found himself sitting on a bench outside of Stark Tower with his sketchbook on his lap. In his pocket was the warm weight of his purchase from the cellphone store. The anxious ball that had formed in his gut when he first saw Tony partially settled just from being this close to him. He knew the omega was in that Tower, and Steve tried not to focus on the fact that he was essentially standing guard.
But inside the hotel room, the worry didn’t cease. Tony was awake, cheeseburger debris strewn across the table but even after he’d knocked, Tony jumped when Steve opened the door, and sat on the bed with relief when he saw that it was Steve. His shoulders tensed again when Tony took a breath, the hotel air now mixing with Steve’s alpha scent.
“I’m….free.” The tight edges to his tone betrayed the shock he was slipping into. Steve turned him away from Stane, ducking his head so all Tony could see were Steve’s eyes.
“Everything okay?” Tony smirked as he accepted the drink Steve presented. “You look a little flushed.” His voice had turned smooth and silky. Tony’d been watching him, had been for a while now, and his gaze burned with a challenge...or was it a flirtation? Steve’s blush only deepened, now feeling held in place by his words alone.
“I think I may actually miss the snow, once we leave here,” Steve said, looking over the white covered grounds of Tony’s Vail cabin.
“Everything okay?” Steve smirked as he accepted the drink Tony presented. “You look a little amused.” Steve’s voice had turned smooth and silky. Steve had been watching him, had been for a while now, and his gaze burned with a challenge...or was it a flirtation?
“Tony!” Steve lowered too, mind racing at possible solutions and he grabbed at the first one that he thought of. Fishing out his phone, he pressed the number to Phil Coulson and opened up their text messages. One handedly he used it to send Coulson their location and two words:
He wondered what Tony would do with these photos. The thought of him looking at them, hand wrapped around himself, was enough to make him moan. The sound was broken off by Tony’s twisting hand.
Tony froze, jaw almost dropping. “Kudos for the deadpanned sass. I like you. You should ask the other me out.” And before Steve could stutter a reply, he pulled the broom from his hands and swung a leg over it. “What next?”
Stane underestimated Tony. Always had. And now it proved to be his fatal flaw. On the bed Tony moved, kicking the bottom of his foot out long, and colliding it into the center of Stane’s back. The man hadn’t expected it, because he’d never consider Tony’s agency, the autonomy of the omega he’d enslaved for years.
“Magical artifacts from other dimensions coming face to face with my exquisite science, what could go wrong?”
“Yup,” Tony said. “My two boys, chocolate candy, and snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes–these
The low hum deep inside him had ceased entirely over the last hour, but Tony wasn’t fooled. He knew it was only a matter of time before Steve decided to play with Tony. And he would know that just the thought of it would do what it was doing now, with Tony on edge from anticipation, his skin flushing and blood rushing to his cock, without Steve having to press a single button at all. He had Tony wrapped around his finger, consumed only by thoughts of Steve, without having to do a thing.
“You just performed nonconsensual magic on me.” Tony felt like his jaw had been permanently open since he landed in this world; he once again snapped it shut. “Now you’re laughing.” A bubble of crazed laughter built in his own chest. “I hope you at least changed me into someone hot.”
In two more steps, Tony was out of the pool and on his phone. The water didn’t seem to bother him, he just let it rundown his body and puddle at his feet. When Steve realized he was staring at the curve of Tony’s legs, he snapped his gaze back up to the man’s face and saw that he'd been caught.
And Tony was so good, even though his breath went ragged as parts of the armor fell away, allowing Tony to follow his order and slip his cock through the slit of his undersuit. The rest of the armor remained, and Steve could grip its shoulders, before Steve dropped to his knees before Tony.
“If you’d let me speak!” Tony shouted, knowing it’d be a challenge to out-stubborn himself, instead he appealed to Steve. “He isn’t entirely incorrect. I honestly didn’t think about it until we were flying back over the forest. Jeez, give a guy some credit.” He glared at his counterpart. “I’m not in the business of ripping happy couples apart--” When neither of them blushed at his comment, both just continuing to glare at him, Tony noted that all it took was the light threat of accidental universe hopping for them to get over their bashful stage. “My plan is to move the stone’s beam, or portal, or whatever, away from Steve before it hits him in the gut. That should open the connection but create, well, a doorway, versus a one way hit to the chest to beam me up Scottie back to my Earth.”
“It’s hard for even a master of flirtation like me to banter after an orgasm like that, especially when you still have these toys on full blast inside me. So if you’re asking if I’d like to go to my office and have you fuck me face first over my desk, then yes. Yes, Steve, that’s exactly the type of encore these encoreless seminars usually have.”
“It is an ancient artifact,” Tony replied. “But I expect and prepare for SHIELD to be as frustrating as possible. I don’t expect them to be in the bodyguarding pop stars business.” Overhead, the endless holiday music rang through the PA  system and Tony did his best not to clench his jaw. The holidays were a fraught time, regardless of work, but something about having to be in such close proximity to Steve set an itch under his skin unlike other years. It wasn’t a bad itch, just one that left him hyper focused on the way Steve looked, and spoke, and breathed.
you’ve done something. There are two of you Anthony. Two. Please tell me this is a simple doppelganger spell and not an actual clone or anything. You told me about that muggle science technology--I can’t believe you’d--”
Rumlow laughed, low and under his breath like he was in on a secret. “Saw them together once. Seems like he knew exactly how to treat his mouthy bitch--”
Nobody in any of the laboratories or universities seemed to notice a thing, taking notes diligently as he summarized the presentation. At any moment, he expected Steve to pull back; he built towards the edge, the ring tightening as his balls drew up. He waited for Steve to relent, flip the switch, his whole body tensing and that only shifted the plug, and he stumbled over his final words. He heard applause on the other end of the screens, silence from the auditorium. He wondered if anyone else was watching in the auditorium today, they hadn’t been when he started but maybe now they could see the beads of sweat along his brow, watch him grip both sides of the podium and try to catch his breath. It didn’t matter if they saw or not, he was about to fall over the cliff. It seemed like this time Steve didn’t want to make him wait, wanted to play him like an instrument on stage, watch Tony’s head fall forward as he came with a shuddered breath into his pants.
Their first kiss seared into his mind. It happened an embarrassingly short time after their first sparring session. Tony had held his own but ultimately ended up on the mat under James. Being only human, he tried to keep his body from reacting but James saw right through him and fucking smirked. Then he slammed their lips together.
“Cheeky.” Tony swatted at his ass. “I bet you’re hard again.” A firm grip against Steve’s shoulder and Tony was turning him to see how right he was. “I’m going to have to invent a way to keep up with you. Make sure you’re taken care of the way you need.” Tony trailed his finger from his waistband to his nipple, circling the sensitive skin. “Do you like toys?” He bent down to lick at the nub. “I can make you all sorts of goodies.” He bit and Steve gasped at the pleasure and pain. “Would you like that?”
“What the hell is this? Who are you? Why are you wearing my face? Where the hell am I? Why are you shouting at me in convoluted Latin?”
“We appreciate your assistance with this,” Namjoon said in fluent English. Next to him a man with a hat with the letters J-Hope on it beamed a sunshine smile at them, and added, “We are honored to meet you.”
“It’s not--” Steve’s voice sounded rough, caught over the words. He swallowed and started again. “It’s not disgust.” And because he always seemed to talk his way into trouble, he mumbled under his breath. “Not that at
After his first meeting of the day, Tony took the elevator to R&D and lost a couple hours in advancing the launch date. It wasn’t until he was wiping off his hands and putting his crisp, white shirt back on over his tank undershirt and fixing his tie, that he realized Steve hadn’t messaged him in hours.
But Steve had no idea what Tony was asking, utterly distracted by the way a series of gears twisted and unlocked to release Tony's bare arms from the armour's gauntlets. He hummed, and it was enough affirmation for Tony to continue his monologue.
If in the armor he appeared cold and distant, in the white cotton shirt and pajama pants, Tony looked softer than Steve could ever remember seeing him before. Steve knew for sure he’d never found his rambling...cute, for lack of a better word, before.
And Clint was trained too, his legendary aim didn’t end at his bow and arrows. He used it now to seek out and dig into the sensitive corners and crevices of James’ sides, stomach. Still, the man under his fingers didn’t wriggle away or try to knock away his hands, he did not laugh from Clint’s tickling.
