“—Sherlock’s birthday, so we should have everyone over,” Mrs. Hudson says as she tidies up the kitchen. Sherlock is in the shower, and he’s been inside the bathroom for so long that there’s steam beginning to escape from beneath the door in little curling wisps. “Don’t you think? Just surprise him with a little party.”
“Doesn’t mean it wasn’t brilliant.”
“Greg.”
John sighs, checking his watch; it’s well after midnight. He’d been expecting Sherlock earlier, but he still isn’t surprised. He’d been “undercover” somewhere, most likely a drug den, for the last ten or so hours, and had absolutely refused help on John’s part. He had given up asking after a week or so, and that day Sherlock had gone out alone, dressed in that ratty old hoodie of his and a pair of strategically torn jeans, face covered in days’ worth of rough stubble and not having eaten for a few days.
“Yeah, because to you fun means a couple of corpses and no immediately discernible reason as to why and how they came to be there.”
He pats Sherlock’s shoulder and turns to leave the room, dousing the lights as he goes. It bathes the room in darkness, and now all he can see are vague shapes scattered around the room. He moves towards the door.
“Does Lestrade even know we’re here?” John whispers. “Did you even bother telling him?”
He kneels by the bed, wishing he could see better in the dark, and puts his face as close to Sherlock’s as he can without touching him. “What?”
“I couldn’t possibly sleep in my clothes, John,” he says haughtily, raising a supercilious eyebrow. God, even high as a kite Sherlock is still a pompous entitled arsehole. “Fetch my dressing gown, would you, I’ve left it by the mantle.”
“The same.” He wobbles a bit. “Got a spoken confession.” He grins lopsidedly at John, pulling a little packet full of white powder out of his pocket and shaking it triumphantly.
“Not you, and definitely not your…” He coughs, turning his head and looking fixatedly at the lamp on the table to his left. “For God’s sake, Sherlock, put this on,” he says weakly, thrusting the dressing gown in his general direction. He feels Sherlock take it from him, and a few seconds later he chances a peek—and breathes a sigh of relief when he sees Sherlock wrapped in the dressing gown, tying the sash around his waist.
“Yes, our definitions of the word ‘fun’ tend to vary.”
“Well, seeing as the jar was right beside you, I think we can safely say I’m not the difficult one.”
“You may want to be careful,” he mutters to Sherlock as he fiddles with the focus dials on the binoculars. “It’s sunny, and if you’re not precise then someone will see the glare off the lenses.” He taps the binoculars. “They’ll be able to see where we are.”
“That… that was… brilliant,” John wheezes. “You… you knew all the lights, all the turns and where he’d go, it was…”
John only has a few seconds to marvel at the impossible, impeccable genius of it all when they burst out of an alley that places them exactly opposite 221B—and directly into the path of three police cars.
“Your coat,” he realizes belatedly as the warm thing that Sherlock had put around his shoulders. “It’ll get wet.”
“John, pass me that jar.”
. “We didn’t know, did we, John?”
bit he remembers, and clearly. The angle is awkward, and what with their height difference and how cramped that alleyway is it’s all the more so; Sherlock’s long-fingered hand is hovering just shy of John’s hip, his shoulder tucked into the crook of his neck. John’s face is level directly with the gap between Sherlock’s coat, scarf and shirt, exposing the tiniest bit of pale, unmarked, untanned skin, and every time John exhales Sherlock gives the barest, slightest of shivers.
On the stage in Minneapolis, they’re performing ‘
There’s something bright and a little wild in Sherlock’s eyes as he answers, “Yes! That is a little crazy! Considering you’re about to tell about a billion people at once next month!”
been flirting with Sherlock. He needed to work on that reflex. He had never been shy before about expressing interest in the girls he’d liked over the years, and that trait was carrying over to the boys he liked. The boy, he liked.
“Will you kiss me?”
When he knocks, Mrs. Hudson answers. It’s still odd to see his old professor outside of Hogwarts, no matter how often he sees her around the shop.
John shrugs again. “What does tobacco ash have to do with solving crimes?”
John hushes him softly. “Shhh. Making sure it doesn't scar is difficult. I have to concentrate.” Sherlock is silent as John finishes his work, the scar on Sherlock’s hand fading steadily to pink until it disappears altogether. Like there was never a wound at all. Satisfied, John finishes by laying a kiss on the spot, feeling just slightly smug.
“Oh, that's right! He might've mentioned it a few times, now that I think about it. Sherlock!” she calls up the stairs behind her. “Your young man is here!” She turns back to John. “Now tell me, dear. Are you going to be good to Sherlock, or are you going to toss him out with last week’s
“I heard,” John tells him. His brows are furrowed as he looks concernedly at Sherlock. “…You know it’s okay? You need to go home and take care of him and your mum.”
“Two refills, please. One for me, and one of whatever that beautiful boy in the corner is having.”
“He must have been a wizard,” John says, steering Sherlock so that he’s facing the pub and placing a hand on his back as he stands slightly behind him, “Because this is The Leaky Cauldron, address: number one, Diagon Alley.”
“You’re a romantic sap,” Sherlock recites, and John laughs, and kisses him on the nose.
John laughs shakily, because the plush pout on his boyfriend’s face is too cute. He cups a hand along the side of his face, thumb pressing against the pretty moue his lips make.
John can’t help the bright laugh that escapes him. “That’s amazing! No wonder you’re a year ahead in chemistry, you’re obviously brilliant!”
“Sherlock. Are you…” John stands, and paces a few steps closer to Sherlock, guitar still in hand. “Do you.
* * *
Aside from a minor altercation with his dad, John passed the rest of tech week in a pleasant haze of busy work and boredom. Anderson was still hideously awful, Mary was fantastic, and Sherlock was hugely entertaining. John particularly enjoyed watching him tussling with Jeff Hope in the fight prior to Mercutio’s death scene. Before he knew it, they were rehearsing that exact scene for the last time, the night before the show opened. Hope and Sherlock circled each other, Sherlock taunting, Hope sneering. There was something off about Hope tonight. During holds, he wouldn’t chat or read or even
Sherlock’s eyes are suddenly piercing. “That depends. Are you going to tell me the history between you and Victor Trevor?” The directness surprises John.
“What do you mean?”
“What about you?” John asks as Sherlock turns once again and hails a cab, looking over Sherlock’s tight emerald denims and casual coat.
“Yeah,” John says softly, glancing up to Sherlock as he does. “I do.” And John hadn’t told Sherlock that, that he
Kadlebug made some
When he’s finished, Sherlock is tapping his chin thoughtfully and John is nervously tugging at his ear.
John and Sherlock sat together quietly for a few long minutes. It was a comfortable, companionable silence. At least until John’s stomach rudely interrupted. He glanced at the clock to see that it was already past six o’ clock.
“Let’s go in for some tea, okay?”
James teases John about Holmes’ (really painfully obvious) crush at every given opportunity, although John continues to insist that the attention could be directed towards James. They spend all their time on campus together, after all. ‘Every given opportunity’ becomes quite often, considering that Holmes tends to show up wherever they are over the next several weeks. In the library, at a nearby table at lunch, and of course on the bleachers at rugby practice. Holmes never says anything, just stares intently, like he’s working hard to figure something out.
“John-” Sherlock tries.
There was a brief silence in which John considered Mary’s words and Mary considered something else. She asked, “Did you finally tell someone about him, then?”
,” he tells her proudly. “Do you know that one? It’s a Muggle film.”
Irene doesn’t return the smile. “Could you talk to Sherlock? Something’s up, and we’re meant to be in places soon.”
John scowled. He wasn’t in the mood to be condescended to. Sherlock appeared to sense this, and his expression softened.
“Victor and I grew up together. We were close even when we were little kids, and both our families thought we’d end up married someday. They used to joke about it before we even started ‘dating,’ when I was thirteen. But Victor was two years older than me, and he didn’t want to…take advantage of that. So we waited a long time. The night before he left for uni, we decided to try it.” Sherlock shrugs, but he looks stiff and uncomfortable. John reaches out a hand to rest on his upper arm.
John locates a shelf full of CDs and searches until he finds what he’s looking for. “Aha!” John pulls out an entire
Sherlock has been doing better. He’s more present, less melancholy. John even caught him having a friendly conversation with Victor. He seems to be moving on.
Sherlock is frozen, his breaths coming in halted shudders.
“Yeah, I guess I just never thought—“
"Queen Mab, what's she?" asked Stanley.
“The truth. I promised Mary, I’ll tell them the truth.”
“There’s actually another reason I’m here. I wanted to…talk to you about something.” Sherlock freezes as his eyes dart across John’s face, posture suddenly stiff, so John hurries to continue. “It’s not a bad thing! At least I don’t think so. I just… didn’t want to do it over the phone.”
“It’s very nice to meet you, Annie.”
Sherlock walks through the door with the same easy confidence and the same cool expression.
“Big night?” she asks with a smirk.
John works well with the customers. He finds that a self-deprecating grin and a shrug is enough to make up for the times when he botches drink orders the first go-round. It’s gratifying to know that Muggles find his smile as charming as most witches and wizards do.
, it’s disconcerting to see her like this. Gently, he takes the empty bucket from her and wraps an arm around her shoulders.
Harry’s manicured lilac nails click against her mug as she ducks her head, cheeks pink. “Ah. Um. Good.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock suspects he looks just as besotted as John does in that moment.
John only continues to smile encouragingly. “It just takes practice, Henry. You’ll get it soon enough.”
“Sherlock!” his mother scolds, with a swat to the back of his head.
Before long, Billy returns with their entrees, and John breathes a sigh of relief at the interruption. They eat, trading stilted conversation.
He’s hit again with the knowledge that he is in way too deep here. John isn’t just
“Not so fast there, Sher. We have some business to attend to. Irene?” John calls.
Sherlock nods, unsure what this is all about. John Watson is tapping his fingers nervously against the table, visibly anxious as Lestrade goes to the stereo system at the front of the room. “Only about 15 people in the world have heard this song. It’s a rough cut, but it’ll give you an idea.” Lestrade presses the start button and turns up the volume.
“Yes, well,” Sherlock replies blandly. “I’m the one who’s had his tongue in my mouth.”
“What!” Sherlock cries, and beside him John leans in questioningly. Sherlock distractedly increases the volume on his mobile so John can hear. “What happened, is he--”
“Take it easy on John,” Mike intones, the calm voice of reason.
Sherlock curls himself into John’s side on the sofa, and John holds him there tightly until he feels the tension completely unspool from his muscles, as Sherlock drops off to sleep. John sends him sweet dreams with a kiss to the top of his head, and watches the movie without taking any of it in.
at all. I take out men just as often as women, but it never gets reported.
. All of them in about a month! They don’t have full melodies yet, but the words, the sentiments…I spend time with him and they lyrics are just all there, right on the surface. I haven’t written this much, this often since…”
“What? But…they’ll know it’s about
When he finally makes it to John’s building, he is laden with steaming bags of the best Italian food that Oxford has to offer. It’s no Angelo’s, but it will just have to do. The man at the security desk hands Sherlock an envelope with a key in it when he manages to shuffle the bags enough to extract his identification. When he lets himself into John’s flat, Sherlock is bewildered by the sight that greets him.
“No!”
Sherlock has already set up his Muggle computer at the head of his usual table and is rubbing his chin thoughtfully as his green flicker across the screen.
John laughs. “I think we owe Mary a thank you.
. He would be so proud of you, darling. Just like I am.”
John shakes his head, but he’s smiling. As John picks out the melody, this time Sherlock joins in on the violin when the Madman is first introduced. He improvises a series of soft, short notes that dance sweetly across the strings just as the Prince dashes from one mad adventure to the next. It complements the fanciful spirit that shone so brightly in John’s lyrics. As they continue to play together, John’s grin grows wider and his voice becomes more confident, more expressive.
“Uh, football. How did you-”
, to completely thrust off your personality and wrap another around you so tight that it’s a second skin? It’s the freest you can ever be, the biggest high you’ll ever experience.” John was mesmerized, watching those lips shaping gorgeous words, the passion igniting Sherlock as he spoke. His eyes were far away, and whatever they were seeing was something breathtaking. Abruptly, Sherlock seemed to snap back to himself. “And to have something as small and insignificant as the wrong prop stand in my way? I won’t allow it.”
Sherlock meets John’s gaze with a flash of defiance, then flinches when John reaches up to thumb under a fresh cut near his right eye. “Easy there, I’m not going to hurt you. Who did this? Are you in some kind of trouble?”
John was starting to think “tech” wasn’t such a blast, after all. His phone chimed.
No? How could he not be a wizard? That was
John promised Sherlock’s dad again to look up some obscure Motown band and gave him and Mummy each a firm handshake. Sherlock had watched, amused, as Mummy stoically pretended she wasn’t utterly charmed by John (any lingering frostiness at him had dissipated the moment she found out that Sherlock was returning to Oxford and bringing John along). As his parents had walked away, Molly had simply directed two fingers at her own eyes and then at John’s
to see him put it on.
John stuffs his hands in his pockets and returns his gaze to the ground where his toe is scuffing at the dusty wood-plank floor. He takes in an audible breath before he continues. “I think- I hope anyways, I have an idea why she told me all that, but it’s still unfair that I heard all about your shitty ex and you don’t get to know about mine. So. Here goes.”
* * *
John suddenly cannot wait to film this video. It seems a bit less scary, with this brilliant boy who really
John grins, relieved. “Okay,” he echoes.
John gives his shoulders a squeeze. “Listen. You’re going to get out there, get lost in the music, and dance. It’s just like rehearsal, except a bit louder. And no matter what happens, you can trust me. I’ve got you.” He locks eyes with Sherlock and wills him to see how earnest he is.
, that I made a break in a
. John,
The story of Angelo the house-breaker takes them all the way to the front of a warm, cosy looking Italian restaurant that Sherlock ushers him into.
. Soon the group is traipsing through the morning fog and still-wet grass towards three round sacks, a bull’s-eye printed on each one.
“What do you mean?” John asks. The little pictures seem light-hearted and funny to him.
happened. And ‘Vatican
The antidote to angst is fluff
“Er, sorry about that. Lost my balance there…” John trailed off as he looked up into Sherlock’s face, registering surprisingly strong arms wrapped around him. Sherlock’s gaze glanced down at John’s mouth for the briefest moment. John leaned in instinctively, ready to finally just-
Sherlock’s face scrunches unhappily. “Those are all my best ones. My last theory…is pretty outlandish. It shouldn’t even be scientifically possible.”
is, obviously. Sherlock has obviously moved on. Even if he used to…like me. We’ve been friends for so long, he probably can’t even see me that way anymore.”
“Yes?” John urges, taking Sherlock’s hand.
“A Vatican cameo?” John repeated, dubious. “Does it really matter what the necklace looks like? You’re going to be onstage, nobody will know that it’s the wrong prop.”
“As I’ll ever be, I s’pose. You?”
John turns to look through the shop window where Irene is sitting on the counter, munching on popcorn and obviously having been watching this whole time. (Where did she even get popcorn? Whatever.) John beams and points to the hand where Sherlock had written the number and does a little happy jump because he can’t help it. He bounds back into the now-empty shop and tells her brightly, “He gave me his phone number!”
Sherlock beams and takes both his hands to pull him onto the dance floor. Sherlock is in his element here, without all the strict moves that Greg imposes on them night after night. He improvises fluidly with the pounding of the music, unrestrained and graceful and gorgeous, and John does his best just to keep up. He keeps his hands on Sherlock’s waist or back or shoulders at all times, unwilling to let him more than a foot away.
John began typing to ask for more information, but was interrupted by another message from Sherlock.
are splashed in enormous blue and pink lettering across them.
“The real you.” Sherlock looks down at the hand he still has captured in his own and starts to lightly stroke it. “The very talented, absurdly romantic and sentimental, down-to-Earth, bloody
“It’s always been a part of my life, and I never met anyone who asked me to analyze it.” John pushes his shoulder against Sherlock’s, threading their fingers together. “In my house growing up…magic was a certainty. It was as certain as…that the Earth goes ‘round the sun.”
with him and it made Sherlock want to sing. “The tape rips out a new patch of hair every night. I’ll barely have any left when this show is over.”
John Watson did not want to be here, but Irene had demanded. John, in turn, insisted that if he absolutely
“I’m Irene Adler. We were watching auditions through the two-way mirror in the studio. You had a very strong audition. What’s your name?”
Mary laughed and swatted Sherlock’s arm. “I wouldn’t have had to if you’d tried out for the lead.”
“It’s not called ‘trying out’, it’s an
He’s too late.
John freezes.
Sherlock smiled a bit at John while he tried to think about how to respond (it really was a bit hard to think properly). It was evident from John’s fond tone and upward tilt to his mouth while speaking that he really didn’t mind how excitable the young children were.
came out. We’re ‘Adlockson.’
“That’ll be three pounds twenty,” Irene cackles, pushing the drinks at the customer. Mutinously, John puts the change in the drawer, and watches as the man swaggers over to Sherlock’s table.
is John.
John blinks at him with false innocence and a wan smile as he waits for a response. He expects the answer will be something unusual, something delicate and striking, like the man himself. Or possibly something poisonous, a good murderous flower.
be a good sport and give us a show,
That’s a nice thought. John barks again, tail thumping happily and tongue out.
“Floo powder. You step into the flames and announce your destination, and it’ll take you to the registered fireplace that’s closest.” John brushes his fingers through the flames to show Sherlock that it’s safe.
“Yeah,” John tells him sincerely, letting a warm smile break across his face. “How did you know it wasn’t the son?”
Sherlock feels heat rising in his neck, and looks for a change in subject. “Is it always like that? Your fans, all the screaming and such?”
“You picked the name!” John explodes in a flurry of flailing, incredulous limbs.
“I wanted to…I told him I was ready to… New Year’s, I thought it would be romantic and I was unbuttoning my shirt and he just. He just. He broke it off. Said it wasn’t going to work out, said how we weren’t meant to be, that I shouldn’t... And then he just…left. I’m sorry I texted you, I tried to delete it but it sent anyway and I wouldn’t have in the first place but I just didn’t want to be—“ Sherlock’s body convulses, as the boy fights for control over his emotions.
“She’s already vice president.”
faggots
had to go. Sherlock had stood in the cold and watched until the car’s taillights dipped over a hill and disappeared completely.
On the positive side, John has only had to use magic four times this morning to correct his mistakes or to prevent near-disaster, and he’s pretty sure Irene only caught him the once. John counts this as a definite improvement over yesterday.
“I’m so tired of watching you wallow around, pining and afraid of taking a leap. It hurts. Our agreement only worked so long as there wasn’t anybody else in the picture. You know
“I know, I know,” Mike soothes, squatting down beside him. “You don’t like the collar. But do you remember last time we went out without one?” John remembers, shuddering. He’d gone out in Muggle London without a collar, and had ended up having to run from animal control officers who were armed with nets and cages. Not knowing the city’s layout very well, John had cornered himself in a dead end and had to transform back into a human and apparate away to avoid being taken to a kennel.
“Look, John! They lead out the bedroom door.”
“Yes dear, Sherlock told us about that weeks ago.” Sherlock is shaking his head at his mother and making vigorous cut throat motions, but mummy ignores him.
A gentle hand reached out to cup his chin, and tilted it upwards. “John Watson. Look me in the eye and tell me the truth,” Sherlock’s voice sounded choked. The unusual tone startled John into opening his eyes. He found an intense, searching expression and fierce silver eyes at odds with the weak tone of voice. “Is someone abusing you?”
John takes a moment to orient himself. Baker Street. The light is dim, and it takes a moment for his eyes to adjust. Sherlock’s flat, in the exact spot John had been envisioning between the two chairs by the fireplace. He’d always been an excellent shot on the Quidditch pitch, and it had served him well when apparition lessons began.
,” Sherlock tells him with relish. “It’s where I document my cases and experiments. I’m writing down the diamond smuggling case.” He goes back to typing.
“Crocus,” John says.
They sit beside each other, watching in amusement as John is declared the winner and does a lap through the audience, the miniature basketball backboard still attached to his head.
- fic 3: This one has a more serious topic, but will still have a lot of humor and fluff. Grad school AU. Frenemies Sherlock and Harry share a flat and end up getting sober together. Sherlock and army!John meet when he comes to visit his sister while on leave. Would deal with realities of alcohol and drug addiction, with plenty of humor and positivity and romance stirred in.
“If you don’t mind.”
John squirms.
“Hello handsome. Joining us?”
“Did you really jump in front of a bullet?” Greg asked.
“Eleven years! We’ve been friends
Gambling, jealousy, dancing, and Victor Trevor's next hit single.
John smiled softly and began to apply tape to the wire of Sherlock’s microphone.
Sherlock offered an, "Obviously," before strutting in the opposite direction. He smirked, savoring the mystified expression on John's face, like he hadn't been quite sure whether Sherlock was real. This
“Oh. You have one of those, then? A - blog?” John asks, hoping for some context to help him puzzle it out.
“Sherlock Holmes, you had
by James, he’d never considered. Does John have a random thing for blokes with deductive abilities? “How did you know?”
Mike smiles back, warm, his eyes sparkling. He’s genuinely pleased to see his friend happy, and John loves that about Mike. "And here I thought you stopped believing in Divination the day Trelawney gave you a P."
“...Well, thanks for the coffee.” His hand is on the door when John calls out.
He’s moonstruck, smiling to himself at work, when a well-muscled customer comes up to the counter and asks if he can buy Sherlock a drink.
“I need you to put on Sherlock’s microphone for me.”
Irene groans. “We don’t have time for your stupid pureblood obliviousness! What I’m saying is this.
“Yes?”
He imitates Robert Plant’s iconic, whining voice, and begins to tap some percussion along the table beneath him. Irene calls out directions like she’s Stephen Spielberg and when John doesn’t know the words, he just watches in awe as Sherlock transforms into an honest to God rock-star before his eyes, on the unlikeliest of instruments.
“That’s what the flowers mean, right? So. I love you. If I was a wizard, then after last night, this flat would be full of…honey bees and unsolved murders. Because I love you, too.” Sherlock sounds so matter of fact about it, like these aren’t the most stunning, precious words John has ever heard in his life.
* * *
Sherlock pulls off his outer layer to show off the v-neck striped tee beneath. “I’ll just borrow Irene’s eyeliner. It wouldn’t do in London, but for the L.A. club scene, I should be fine.”
“I did have all the data!” Sherlock insists.
Sherlock felt a heat rising under his collar as the fierceness flashed in John’s eyes when he swore to…defend his honor? Nobody had done that for him in a long while. Well, nobody from real life.
with John Watson, doesn’t mean he didn’t jump at the chance to audition to dance with him when the call was posted:
From Mike, he needs to borrow some Muggle clothing that didn’t go out of style thirty years ago. From Bill, he needs some advice that doesn’t come with a steaming dose of Irene’s biting sarcasm. The pair of them are sacked out on the sofa, yawning and sharing amused looks (that they don’t even try to hide from him) as John continues to primp in front of the mirror. He ties back his hair, thinking he might need to trim the ends, soon.
“Here. Drink.”
“Are you embarrassed?” Sherlock asks, stepping closer to John and gently prying his hands from his face.
“Both.”
“Might as well have.” The boy sneered. “Should have seen the rubbish that came out for auditions this year, honestly. That part is mine.”  John should have found the arrogance off-putting, but instead he was intrigued. “Who’s this?” Sherlock asked, finally looking down his nose at John.
What in the name of Merlin is he doing?! John doesn’t know anything about Muggles! The only place in Muggle London he visits are the greasy chippie across the road from their flat and his workplace. Those aren’t first date locations!
Sherlock snorts, shaking his head into his food as he imagines all too easily what a formidable couple the two women would make.
John shoulders his way into Sherlock’s bedroom, arms full of DVDs from the library. “Sherlock, cancel your plans. This weekend I am educating you on the glorious pop culture phenomenon known as Star-“ He watches as Victor scrambles off of Sherlock, hears the audible smack as their lips disconnect. They’re blessedly clothed, but Sherlock’s shirt is untucked and unbuttoned, his hair mussed and lips red. “…Trek.” He finishes, frozen in time. “Sorry, I’ll just,” he manages as he backs out of the room. Victor sends a
“Hush up and sit next to me, Berk.” He says ‘berk’ like a term of endearment, and Sherlock can’t help but forego a retort in favor of smiling down at him. He’s missed John, and it’s only been a week off. As he just looks at John for a few moments, and John doesn’t look away, Sherlock feels his heart beat pick up.
, or your ankles will swell up like a pregnant woman’s.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, mate. I know you probably don’t want to spend your free periods with me, but I could really use a tutor in chem, and you’re the best in our year. Stamford mentioned you had this period free, so…” John trails off, obviously looking for some kind of reassurance.
John groans, pulling out his money sack and flourishing it in front of Sherlock. “We counted how much I have. Twice. Nine Galleons, eleven Sickles, and three Knuts. That’s worth at least a week of meals, Merlin help me, but only
Irene winks and ends the recording.
John laughs, and takes out his own phone to open Snapchat. “I’ve a better idea, c’mere,” he tells Sherlock, and sneaks on arm around his waist. He sticks his tongue out at the camera, and Sherlock presses a kiss to John’s cheek as he takes the picture.
During a rugby match seems only fitting. He singles out Sherlock in the stands when he makes the game-winning point on the pitch, winks, and dumps his water bottle over his face and neck, then shakes it off like a wet dog. He looks back up to grin at Sherlock, only to find him missing. The game soon over, John grabs his bag, pulls on his jacket and begs off, thinking that Sherlock must’ve been headed for the parking lot. Without Sherlock’s gaze on him, John feels the chill of the air on his still-damp skin.
“Okay!” John says, nodding, because that’s what he had expected.
When the instrumental section ends and John is supposed to be on stage singing the next chorus, the music abruptly cuts as the dancers around Sherlock march to the back of the stage. Sherlock begins to follow them, but their small crowd parts and something John-shaped pushes through, causing Sherlock to stumble back a few steps.
“Bad luck, Irene.” John claps a hand on her back, feeling smug. “Think of it this way. Between us, we have all our bases covered. You handle the lesbians, and I’ll take…everyone else.”
“You forgot your cane at the punch table when you raced over to save me from Anderson,” Sherlock smirks, victorious.
“What good is a gun against a vine?”
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” John asks, trying to draw up a teasing voice and cocking his hip. Because if there’s anything John Watson can do under pressure, it’s flirt.
John hums, sympathetic. “That’s tough, mate.”
“Who is this?” John murmurs, maneuvering their dancing so they don’t bump into any tables.
Sherlock very much doubts it. John Watson is the school’s darling: plenty of friends, good grades, captain of the rugby team, and dating the equally lovely school president Mary Morstan. John Watson is all this and painfully,
was his idea of a funny joke. His sexuality is the industry’s worst kept secret.”
“It hasn’t been
“I’m…sorry?” John asked. His outstretched hand reached up awkwardly to fix his fringe as it became clear that the boy didn’t intend to shake it.
Molly Hooper.”
that this song is important.
By this point, Molly is nearing a panic attack. “WHAT. OH MY GOD, WHAT IS HAPPENING. THAT IS YOU, SHERLOCK, WITH YOUR HANDS ON JOHN WATSON’S BODY. FUCK. FUCK FUCK FUCK.”
“The fan-boards are blowing up since the performance last night! Mostly about Vic coming out, but also about you, Sherlock. Walking off stage like a boss and stealing the show. They apparently don’t sleep because there are a few new blogs popping up dedicated just to you.”
“The police tell me that Jefferson Hope gave them the name of the man who supposedly forced him to bring the gun,” Mycroft began after a minute. Sherlock was thankful that they wouldn’t have to talk about his moment of weakness. “Moriarty, he called him. Police are looking into it, but they believe Moriarty to be nothing more than a fiction of Hope’s mental illness.”
How could he not be? Sherlock is the most brilliant, most beautiful, most
“How are you, Dad?” Sherlock asks, looking at him critically. “You look thin. Did they feed you enough in hospital?”
“John, no! What would Mary think?” Sherlock keeps his tone light and teasing, and ignores the bite he feels at thoughts of John’s beautiful, perfect girlfriend. They’d recently been voted ‘Cutest Couple’ in the yearbook. (Sherlock had anonymously, humiliatingly, nominated John for ‘Best Smile’).
“Oh God. Where’s Irene?” Sherlock asks, panicking, already running. He needs to find her, he hasn’t had a proper chance, he’ll just have to bribe her somehow, barter a few more days,
“Thanks,” John says.
“Because he’s special.” Irene nods in affirmation, and John dumbly imitates her “So what do you do about that, John Watson?”
Sherlock pulls out an earbud as he notices the pair approach, and John smiles at the gesture. Sherlock is non-verbal most mornings, and often ignores all of humanity until absolutely necessary. “You ready for this?” John asks (aware that he’d just been asked this question himself).
John didn’t see when she increased his morphine drip. He drifted back to sleep.
John peels the paper off his forehead to read it. “You don’t know who Madonna is?” he asks, incredulous. “We have got to fix this.”
“Am… am I dead?” John manages, now beginning to shiver uncontrollably.
“Uh, no,” John manages to get out. “Thought we were being discreet…”
He looks up reflexively, which is a bad idea—the movement effectively presses his face to the crook of Sherlock’s neck, his nose smushing against that one bit of exposed throat. He inhales almost involuntarily, his eyes drifting shut as he does; sweat, that sharp, familiar cologne that shrouds the flat and—is that cigarette smoke?
He hopes not.
“You know him better than I do, dear.” She pats John’s shoulder with a wink. “Sometimes I think you know him better than he knows himself, our Sherlock.” She gives a tinkling laugh and bustles from the room, saying something about how much of a mess they’ve made of the kitchen again as she goes.
He looks up from where he’s reading the newspaper, glancing over at Sherlock sitting at his apparatus across the room, peering into his microscope unblinkingly.
he hisses, indignant and startled and maybe even a little flustered—all right, a lot flustered—but he ignores John, fingers wrapping decidedly around the gun in his pocket.
Sherlock glares at him. He smiles blandly back.
“Hooray, the sun is shining and everyone’s happy and the sky is blue, how wonderful.”
“That’s an awful lot of money for just a chucker-out to make every week, don’t you think?”
He grumbles unintelligibly.
He jerks back—another bad idea. He loses balance, all his weight rushing to the balls of his feet as he stumbles and tries to right himself. It only makes him stumble more, and he’s just about to topple when he feels a pair of firm, familiar hands steady him, one on his shoulder and that one that had been lingering at his hip finally closing the distance and coming to rest there, fingers gripping tight to keep him anchored.
“Not very. Why are you so interested, John?” He sits across John, crossing his legs and tenting his fingers beneath his chin. John shrugs innocuously. “Just weird to think she’s alive,” he says, scuffing the ground with the tip of his foot. “After all this time.”
He opens his eyes as someone drags him back onto dry land, soaking and coughing and colder than he’s ever been in his life. He hears, as if through a badly-tuned radio, someone calling his name. It grows steadily clearer as he regains consciousness, eyes fluttering open and lungs trying desperately to expel the icy river water that he’d sucked into them.
“Yeah,” John says distantly, still reeling. He wonders if that had meant nothing to Sherlock. He isn’t exactly sure how it makes him feel to think it didn’t. It had certainly meant more than it should have to him. This is going to take up all the space in his mind for another month, easy. It’s all part of the job, John thinks. Just part of the job.
“The hat detective. What’s-his-name—Sherlock Holmes! That’s you, innit?”
“Would you pass me that jar?”
“Oh, sod off. Go on, back to your microscope.”
They break apart, both of them pulling back at the exact same time. They stare at each other for one second, two, three, four—and then they both step back in unison, Sherlock’s hands falling away from John’s shoulders and John’s fingers unclenching from the back of Sherlock’s coat.
John gives a muffled sound against Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock only grips him tighter in response, his other hand coming to rest on John’s back, fingers splayed, five warm lines he can feel even through his jacket. John’s own hands move of their own accord, one reaching up to settle on Sherlock’s shoulder, the other gripping the lapel of his coat for balance. It’s a head-spinningly passionate kiss, and for someone who hates human contact and general attachment, dear
“Oh, God.” He turns away immediately, his face burning. Sherlock’s clothes are strewn everywhere, as if he’d chucked them as far as he could whenever he divested himself of them. “Oh God, you’re naked.”
Or maybe he does.
He hears a soft mumble. “John…”
“God, are we not allowed to be?” Sherlock asks in faux surprise, looking at John with wide eyes that scream
“No,” says John, cutting across Sherlock. “No cases today.”
He also isn’t sure exactly how it had happened. It’s a memory he folds and unfolds so frequently in his head that it’s become worn at the edges, frayed and creased and slightly blurred. He doesn’t quite remember—well, he does
Sherlock finally looks up from his microscope, blinking over at John across the flat. “Doing what?”
He huffs out a laugh. “Your business is yours, Sherlock. I’ve long since learned to stop interfering in it. As long as you’re not dead or very close to it, I can manage not knowing what happened.”
He only has time to savor the feeling of Sherlock’s lips on his for about three seconds, because just when Sherlock’s fingers have slid to the back of his neck to steady him and it actually starts to get really good, he blacks out again.
“Sherlock,” he hisses, tugging on his coat. “There’s guards coming. They’re nearly on top of us, I
“Hm.” The right corner of his lips flicks up. “I suppose.”
“Fine, but once I get it you have to go to bed, all right?”
There’s none of that. It’s just… Sherlock, Sherlock’s mouth yielding to his own, his hair springing free in adorably rumpled curls when John’s fingers tangle around them, the taste of toothpaste and tea and Baker Street exploding in his mouth and his firm but uncertain arms folding around John’s waist.
go, not the way he would.”
had kissed Sherlock, or if Sherlock had kissed
He remembers the alleyway where they’d been staking out, remembers that it had been a tight fit. Remembers feeling the cold of the brick wall pressing against his back and the flushed heat of Sherlock’s body pressing against his front, his long slender elegant calf-length dark designer-coated form like a live wire thrumming with life and heat and dear God, it really had been a small little nook and there had been an awful lot of Sherlock in that alley.
Of course, as usual, John Watson has no idea how wrong he is.
He’s been staring listlessly at a crack in the wall behind Sherlock’s shoulder for what feels like ages when the back door of the club they’d been waiting by creaks open, pulsating neon light spilling down in a neat slice onto the pavement below, widening as the door opens. Trance music blasts out into the still night, each quick beat in sync with his hammering pulse. Sherlock stiffens against John, his chest pressing to his as he inhales sharply. The movement makes him hyperaware of the gun in his inside pocket, the metal digging into his ribs.
“Was it? I thought it was fun.”
They’re chasing someone.
“—and you were drumming your fingertips on the wall, it does tend to make noise, noise that will most certainly give us away.” He looks down his nose at John as he so often does, eyebrows rising. “If I’m not mistaken the whole point of this operation is to remain undetected and discreet, and not to be seen, heard or noticed, something that will be quite impossible to manage if you continue to wriggle like a worm on a hook in addition to breathing so loudly I’m sure Mrs. Hudson can hear you.”
He takes a step forward. “Useless material possessions isn’t really your kind of… thing,” he says, “is it?”
John stands, depositing his laptop onto his chair as he steps up beside Sherlock. “I couldn’t think of what to get you,” he says. “I don’t think you’d really use anything people usually give people for their birthdays, and that’s all you get if you go looking.”
Sorry for the delay in posting!
before he addresses John. “What do you mean, why?”
People Like You
you in that pathology seminar?”
I miss you. SH
His obsession had certainly mellowed in the intervening years, but not his attraction to the blond boy-turned-man. Because when he had turned 18, John Watson’s contract had ended, he'd signed with a new label, and his image had changed completely. Harry Watson left the public eye and by age 20, John Watson is known as London’s bad-boy. Now, he features on magazine covers in nothing but red pants. He gets spotted around London clubs with a different partner every weekend. His music videos are darker, sexier. And he does it all looking unforgivably
“Has it?” Irene smiles sweetly up at Victor before gripping her right fist in her left and delivering a swift elbow to his gut, sending him careening backwards.
“John?”
Sherlock’s voice is quiet. “Not 20,000 at once.”
“It’s funny, that you and Irene both knew him before I did. Maybe I was supposed to meet him.”
John waits for the Knut to drop.
John absently orders one of his regular choices from the spotty wizard behind the counter at St Mungo’s canteen. He knows the menu by heart from frequent late-night meals and mid-afternoon snacks during his long shifts in the ward. At the register, he verifies his wand for a staff discount and passes a few sickles across the counter to pay, his food appearing instantly on an empty tray.
, even for Mary? From the lights in Mary’s eyes as she talked about her favorite activity, John guessed that Mary would be getting her way, in this as in most things.
“What do you mean?”
One day Sherlock comes to their lunch table with a stylish new haircut cropped on the sides and a boy John doesn’t recognize on his elbow. The transformation from gawky teenager into  confident, self-assured young man is complete. It looks good on him.
John chuckled nervously, knowing he’d be facing a full-scale inquiry soon enough. “Okay, so the microphones need condoms. What else?” John not-so-subtly changed the subject as he turned back to a curious Molly.
is a universal expression.
John whips around to send a dark, hopefully intimidating, glare at his friend. “You do that and I will-“ John sorts through the current list of blackmail he has on his oldest friend, looking for something that will get his seriousness across. “I will tell that couple downstairs that you’re trying to seduce about your weird sex noises.”
, John – is very friendly. A bit slow, and terrifically stubborn, but quite cute despite himself. I think you two would get along.”
“Some kind of…secret society, possibly a cult.”
let me down.”
John and Sherlock get around to defining their relationship, and a first date is had.
which makes the audience go wild and John cross his arms and Irene tut at the dramatics.
attend dance auditions, he would only do it in Mrs. Hudson’s basement studio, which had two-way glass that looked into an office / storage cupboard. For a pop-star, he values his privacy pretty highly.
John flinches away from the touch.
“The laws around the Statute are changing pretty fast. Since you have a lawyer in the family,” Harriet winks, “I can pull some strings at the Ministry to fast-track your case. It’ll likely be as simple as filing some paperwork.”
“You aren’t planning on doing anything idiotic like lying to them, are you?” Mary asked.
?” She pulled Stanley in for a hug. “I’m so proud of you! And I’ll be tearing up in the wings every second you’re on stage.”
October  6, 2001
“No.” John hardly knows what he’s saying anymore, lost in Sherlock’s face and his lips and his sparkling eyes.
“’M not scared.” The words didn’t sound as fierce after having been plied with drink. He must take more care to enunciate properly.
John couldn’t get enough.
“James and I have plenty in common, John. In fact, just the other night, we were discussing how much we both loathe your terrible jumpers.”
feel that much closer to rolling of his tongue. Sherlock makes up some tosh about beauty being constructed by society.
* * *
“Talk to him?” he asks, dubious.
Sherlock groaned and Sally smirked, victorious. “The wrong prop can make an enormous difference to an actor, John,” Sherlock said, as though explaining something very simple to an exceptionally dumb child. “The wrong prop takes an actor away from the ephemeral moment in which his performance exists. Mrs. Hudson is right: religious symbolism is a distraction, in addition to being totally irrelevant to Mercutio’s character. The wrong prop can kill a performance. A
Like this, he carries on his shift in a haze, until, eventually, Sherlock walks in.
“I guess I just wanted to say, thanks. For doing this, being in the video. It means a lot to me.”
John grins, and promises himself that he’s going to buy Irene those Chocolate Skeletons she likes so much, next time he passes Honeydukes.
For once Sherlock isn’t annoyed to be interrupted.
scone. She must have summoned it off his plate when he wasn’t looking. Apparently she’s decided that the conversation isn’t worth holding off on lunch for.
Sherlock hummed as he sipped the brew. Not hospital coffee; Mycroft must have ventured out to a real cafe. Sherlock thought somewhere in the back of his mind that he ought to be annoyed at Mycroft’s interference. But he was strung out and too worried to summon up the energy for that.
“Mary, my compliments to you as well,” Sherlock said, entirely sincere. Some of John’s reservations towards Sherlock thawed at his honestly spoken words. “You deserved the part. I only regret that you have to play against that failure of natural selection.”
“Oh…well, I think you’re a prince, too.” Sherlock says it shyly, and the tender spot in John’s chest that now belongs to this man
With a chuckle John replies, “Fair enough,” and Molly relaxes back to her typical posture, returning to the salad preparation. John joins Sherlock at the kitchen table and winks at him before he continues, “So. I hear you had a crush on my sister? She’s single, you know.”
They stand in silence for a couple of moments, shifting their weight and not making eye contact. This is the moment, John thinks, where he’s meant to ask Sherlock out for a proper date. He’s done this dance plenty of times before. He knows the signs. It’s why Sherlock is fiddling with his keys and not going up the stairs already.
Oh God Yes
“Yes?” John asks when Sherlock hesitates, leaning in attentively.
In November, James tells John that he and Pranav have started seeing each other. He’s got a shy, sweet smile on his face as he says it that makes John’s heart feel all the way full again.
John swallows. “You’re not upset that I’m…flouting the traditions of the generations of Watsons before me?” John asks, throat tight. He didn’t know until this moment that he needed his Mum to be okay with the change. Dad wasn’t around anymore to have a say, after all.
John tries again. “Maybe we should get to know each other a bit before starting?”
It wasn’t
“This freak is trying to tell me how to do my job, Watson, nothing new.” Sally answered, scowling at Sherlock.
“How did you do that?” Sherlock breathes, bringing his hand right in front of his eyes to inspect it for clues. “There aren’t even any callouses. The skin is brand new. How?”
He thinks he does actually lose his mind when Sherlock sucks him through a mind-bendingly intense orgasm. And again when Sherlock
“Aw, don’t be like that, sweetheart.” Victor Trevor’s tall, broad figure emerges from the shadowed backstage just past Sherlock’s shoulder. John stiffens as he slings an arm around Irene’s waist. “Then again, Irene’s bark has always been worse than her bite.”
John rolls his eyes. “I meant my
“Just twisted my ankle!” Sherlock calls back, waving a hand. John is unconvinced, and his care-taking instincts are screaming to get Sherlock back by his side.
Mike turns to John and folds his arms, eyes sharp. “She’s got a point. Don’t be a prejudiced prat. Just because he’s a Muggle doesn’t mean you treat him any different.”
when in fact it’s actually the most annoying thing in the world, and you broke up with them over breakfast cereal!”
With a dramatic arc of his arm, the bow lands on the strings and Sherlock launches into the unmistakable first bars of
“Makes me wish I’d introduced you two sooner.”
John has a manufactured smile on his face as he asks, “What did you need me for?”
“No way! I was
Then, a great surge of strings and winds, piping through the speakers and through Sherlock’s chest as John belts,
“Angelo is a…friend of mine, I suppose. I got him off a murder charge.”
over-the top, even for John. It must have happened during their last bout of love-making in the early morning, or perhaps when he was falling asleep on a cloud of bliss afterwards.
in school.”
“Yes,” the man replies, tossing a lazy half-glance at John’s apron. “So your name badge says.”
After several closely monitored rounds, none of the children has managed contact with their target, and frustration is thick in the air.
* * *
The next day, his doctor allowed John visitors. About bloody time, John was almost bored to
idiot that could have died. That might
The audience
“Are you hungry?” John asked, looking for the remote that would call a nurse.
“Some kind of…”
John pitches a baby carrot from his plate at her. She swats it away, skilled Keeper that she is, and sticks her tongue out at him, crossing her eyes.
Sherlock freezes.
John snorts as they reach James’ locker. John enters the combination without needing to think. “We really need to work on names with you. But yes, that’s the one. He'd appreciate that description, honestly.”
John swallows. “Yeah. I just got home from work.”
“I…think so. Leaving the tour…complicated things.”
“That’s just what I was going to say, Greg-darling.”
“Back when the Watsons were together, me, Harry and Irene were tutored together. Irene’s dad is a bigshot producer, specializes in child performers. He ‘discovered’ me and Harry, and he was our agent before I hired Mrs. H. So, when the Watsons travelled, Irene was on tour with us. When our contract with her dad ended, Irene convinced me I had to do something if I wanted to get out from behind the innocent blue-eyed kid thing I had going. And since I don’t fancy getting arrested and being a regular bigot, she had me watching Miley Cyrus videos like it was my job. The playboy image is, well…I’ve only really had one serious relationship my whole life... And coming out, being able to do it in a big, public way? And to do it without it being a punchline? That was our goal. And that’s where you joined the story. Luckily, now that
“John Watson: captain of the rugby team in the fall and center forward for the football team in the spring. You want to join the military when you leave school, possibly in Intelligence, more likely as some kind of doctor. You have an older brother who drinks too much and your family is not well off. That’s quite enough to be going on with, don’t you think?” Sherlock smirks, waiting for the inevitable: the anger, the denials, the dramatic exit.
And he still has the daisy tucked behind his ear.
John bites his lip as he ties the borrowed blue bathrobe around his waist. He doesn’t want to risk angering whatever obviously magical plant this is, but he’s no good stuck in here without his wand, either.
“It’s a good thing Mary wasn’t here to see that,” Sherlock gasps, dizzy and giddy.
“And…there was that young girl. Annie. And she, she asked you-“ Sherlock takes a deep breath, emboldened by John’s encouraging expression to continue. “She asked you if you lov-“
John tilted his head questioningly, and Molly smiled. “We have bio together, right?” Molly asked. “And ignore the Mechagodzilla comment. I just run the sound board.”
“What?”
“Apparently. I didn’t tell her, she just figured it out on her own. Looks like you’ve got some competition in the deduction game.” John wondered how many people—friends, teachers, strangers, had read it on him, perhaps years ago, when it had started. John thought he’d been hiding it well, but apparently not.
starts playing over the speaker system, blasting through John’s system in a rush of happy adrenaline. He and Sherlock are just two more of the crowd shouting along, bouncing with the words:
Irene paces towards him, backing John farther into the corner, her voice dark and deadly serious. “You slept with him, didn’t you. Sherlock is
he doesn’t say.
The chapter count has increased on this story because I have too many ideas...
“No, wait. I’m sorry.” Sherlock bites his lip and peeks around the kitchen doorway to see John still deep in discussion with Mrs. Hudson. “I was trying to tell John tonight that…that I love him. But I’ve never done anything like this before, and you know I’m terrible with sentiment.”
“Go over there. You’re officially on your break. Don’t come back here until you either have a date or he’s kicked you to the curb like you deserve for all your nonsense.”
John pulls back from the hug just far enough so he can stop Sherlock’s panicked rambling with a quick kiss, thumb brushing at his jaw. “We had the night off, since we’re performing tomorrow
“’Everything you could have accomplished?’” John will quote back. “Are you referring to landing me, you great softie?” he’ll tease as he enters the living room to perch over his husband.
. Ex-teen heart throb singing sensation that Sherlock has had a hopeless fanboy crush on since he was thirteen and the Watson siblings burst into national awareness. With their twin blond heads, sparkling blue eyes and bright white smiles, it seemed like moments before they were touring the country with their album and guest starring in movies and television shows.
The exact moment when John gets utterly lost in the music is obvious. It always is. He lets go of the British decorum and his self-conscious mannerisms, and lets himself feel his way through the thrum of the guitar and the vibrations between them. The song ends as softly as it begins, like the flutter of pages in a storybook.
“Right then,” John says to himself, rubbing his palms together as he thinks. “Mrs. H, Anthea, Jeanette, David! Over here!” He leads the children, David, and Mrs. H to a spot out of the enemy team’s hearing.
As the door shuts on the bathroom, Irene puts a hand on each of John’s cheeks and just sort of screeches as she smooshes them. “FINALLY! I had enough of those gross sickly sentimental songs. Write some sexy numbers now,
“My thesis.”
John felt fatigued at the thought of having to explain yet again what had happened that night.  “Could we not talk about that?” he sighed.
“Come on!” John cries, voice high. “I’m over here trying
Sherlock blinks as his eyes come back into focus. He claps his hands on John’s cheeks and says, firmly: “Everything finally makes sense.”
The song as a whole is stunning, a power-ballad for the marginalized, for the misunderstood, for the afraid. And there’s John Watson, looking shy and uncomfortable, like this isn’t the most courageous thing Sherlock could imagine anybody in John’s position doing.
before I get to take you out.”
John staggered backwards and hit the ground. He was surprised for a moment that he was horizontal before understanding that he’d been shot.
It’s always the same. The wild grounds, the peeling paint and the sweet scent of hay and trees are all achingly familiar, snug like cool summer evenings wrapped up in front of a crackling camp-fire. The same friends, the same youthful giggles, the same mediocre cafeteria food.
“Fuck!” John tugs at the short bristles on the back of his head. Feels Irene lay a soft hand on his upper back.
“Call me tomorrow to tell me how it goes.”
bad,” John hedged, confused by Sherlock’s cheerfulness. There had been a few mishaps with costumes and lines, but the rehearsal was going fine, overall. “Well, except for Anderson forgetting that entrance and coming on half-naked,” John mused.
“Yes. Where are you?” Sherlock asks, annoyed. John opens the front door of his building and finds Sherlock standing there, phone at his ear and mouth agape. “How did you-“ Sherlock starts to ask, lowering his phone. He takes a step back, frowning. “What are you
But hold that thought for a second, Watson…” Irene steps back and rakes her eyes over him critically. “…and tell me what on Morgana’s sweet Earth you are wearing.”
won’t care if you date a boy. Your friends won’t, either. The only person you really need to keep it quiet around is your dad.”
The dusty cabins and sprawling meadows of what he emphatically called “
Sherlock scoffed. “I know a real gun when I see one. But after that, how were you able to see in the dark?”
Sherlock takes a pen that’s clipped to the top of John’s apron and reaches for John’s left hand (the one where yesterday Sherlock had seen calluses and a smudge of ink and observed the use of a quill). He writes 10 digits in a neat line along John’s skin, the pressure raising hairs on John’s neck. “Sometimes I get called away on cases. You can use that number if I don’t show up on Saturday. Or. Sooner, if you’d prefer.” As Sherlock replaces the pen in its pocket, John grins hugely at the fresh blush on Sherlock’s cheeks, evident even in the ambient fluorescent light shining through from the shop.
know how to use power tools, and he could at least put it together.
wasn’t reality, that it existed on another plane, cozy and perfect, secluded in hazy warmth and the laughter of young voices.
, stupid. We actors tend to sweat onstage with all those lights shining on us...Though I do find it interesting that’s where your mind went first,” she mused, assessing John with a raised eyebrow. “
Out and Loud
a dressing room. Technically it was a repurposed handicap-accessible restroom, but Sherlock needed his own space to get into character before a show. None of the other male cast had complained about favoritism, as this arrangement meant less time spent in Sherlock’s presence.
“Simple.” Holmes said with a dismissive flick of his fingers in John’s general direction. “It’s obvious you’re dying to escape home, even planning on joining the military after school based I see,” he continued, oblivious to John’s interrupting, “Wait a second, how-”
John raises his eyebrows suggestively up at Sherlock before grinding their hips together in emphasis. “It’s either the hotel or we’re
The lyrics are rather trite and bland for his tastes, but Sherlock appreciates the sentiment.
John sighed. He was doing an awful lot of that today. He honestly did not have the energy to lie convincingly to Greg. Especially if his heartrate was going to be jumping all over the place like this. He settled on a, “Maybe. Mind if we raincheck that conversation too?”
stuck in his hair. Of course he's going to figure it out!
,” Sherlock confides, flopping sideways onto his pillow. “It’s not like he hasn’t got other chances to seduce me, if that’s what he’s after. But instead he sits next to me on the tour bus when we travel. As if he might actually enjoy my company. Sometimes we order a movie and room service after a concert, and he tells the most awful jokes even though he knows I’ll tease him for it, because he deserves it, they’re
James shrugs, unperturbed. “There’s always been a spark with you two.” John starts to protest, but James shushes him. “I’m not saying that you were harboring romantic feelings while we were together. I know you loved me. But I saw that you
Narrowly voted class treasurer and Best Dressed by the student body. Both unanimously voted Major Annoyances in Sherlock’s personal yearbook. “I was invited,” he replies, hoping to curtail this conversation.
* * *
John wants to kiss him, so he does.
Sherlock gives Irene a death glare when she raises the offerings to him. “Don’t you
“What I have to. Once you’ve got the lights, one of you needs to call the police.”
* * *
know?” John countered.
out for so long, and I’m worried that he’s not letting anyone help him, you know?”
, John.
“He’s not my boyfriend! And… he probably won’t ever be. Irene says he never dates. And he barely even looked at me yesterday.” John feels truly morose about this whole thing.
“I’m not seeing the problem here.” Molly says.
John felt a lump in his throat and tears in his eyes. He wasn’t typically this emotional; he decided to blame it on the medication. “I love you, Mary. If I had told anyone, it would’ve been you first. The doctors figured it out straight away and they told Child Protection. Someone’s stopping by tomorrow.”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” Molly says beside him, and he turns to find her glowering at him. “You are going to tell me
(See the end of the chapter for
. I have never seen you look at anyone the way you look at him. You are
John can’t let it go that quickly, though.
“…Wow.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Molly sent it with a cryptic message.”
Sherlock tries to duck the wig (to laughs from the audience) but she’s too quick, and Sherlock resigns himself fully to his fate. He makes eye contact with John, who is grinning delightedly at him from under his own curly wig.
“None of that matters! He’s a genius who studies chemistry at
“Black two sugars. Just how you take it,” the man continues, oblivious to Sherlock’s annoyance.
“It’s a date! But ugh,” John groans, and wrinkles his nose in displeasure.
“John,
Apparently not.
when he punched you,” John mutters, shaking his head. Against Sherlock’s protests, John takes out his phone to photograph the injury, should Sherlock decide to press charges. Sherlock warms at the used-to-be-familiar protectiveness. He could’ve used it, the twelve-odd other times he’s been punched in the last decade.
John taps out a little nervous energy on the table in front of him. How to begin?
John returned on Monday, not without hearing several smug ‘I told you so’s from Mary. John would happily endure Mary’s self-satisfaction if everyone on the crew was as nice as Molly, or as easy-going as Greg.
John stepped away too and said, “Of course. Not that you need it, but... Good luck out there tonight.” He was just pulling open the door when Sherlock spoke.
.” John starts to dig flyers and crumpled papers out of his pockets, smiling as he shows them to Sherlock. “I was invited to fourteen parties, I joined Mike Stamford’s pick-up rugby league
Sherlock thinks.
Sherlock looks determinedly at his laptop screen, but his back is tense. He knows the man is standing next to him, but is probably hoping he’s going to go away on his own when Sherlock pays him no attention. Shrugging, the man instead helps himself to the seat beside Sherlock (
never would have left if you didn’t have to, adrenaline junkie you are, so it must have been a traumatic event that interfered with your ability to practice. Stiffness in your right arm and shoulder told me where the injury was. The mud on your shoes said London, the second-hand camera phone which you used a few minutes ago said struggling financially and its inscription said it was from Harry. New phone, a gift from her wife, and she’s just giving it away? Marriage must have gone downhill. Probably due to her drinking problem which was evident in the scuff marks along the edges of the charging socket.”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock murmurs, “You disappeared for a minute. Lost in your head. Where did you go?”
Sherlock looks at them oddly. When he returns his eyes towards John, he’s met instead with the sight of a golden-haired German Shepherd with a very familiar pair of blue eyes.
. Then again, Sherlock was not known for having the greatest gauge of what characterized ‘kindness.’
“WHAT?” screams Molly, even louder as she slides off Sherlock’s back only to give him a firm punch in the shoulder. “You told your parents but avoided me for a month?”
pick up for the umpteenth time. John is sick of this one, written whilst he was stewing in sexual frustration over his producer’s son James. It hadn’t ended happily, and now the song leaves a sour taste in John’s mouth whenever he has to sing it.
unpleasant (little arms around his neck and sniffled goodbyes).
good. Promise me you’ll tell them the truth, John.”
The man turns at his name being called, what looked like a pleased look on his face quickly turning guarded. John remembers Irene's warning that this man has a romantic history of heartbreak, and thinks that he has to take this slow if he doesn’t want to scare Sherlock away.
John grins. “Bit backhanded, wasn’t that?”
“John?”
. Sherlock’s lips against his are impossibly soft but the kiss couldn’t be more different, it’s breathless and thrilling and it’s adrenaline, and there are lights flashing behind his eyes, except these aren’t the cheesy imaginary romantic ones, they’re only the police car lights from the street. It just makes it so much more real, so much more tangible. He’s kissing Sherlock, Sherlock is kissing him, in an alleyway opposite Baker Street and they’ve just caught the police a drug smuggler. Nothing else matters.
Sherlock only nods in a distracted sort of way, lifting the binoculars to his eyes again.
Fifteen minutes later John peeks around the statue and sees a guard glancing suspiciously their way. John whips around and has opened his mouth to tell Sherlock to lower the binoculars—too late. He sees the sun hit the lenses, a ray of reflected light forming a beam and projecting a neat circle right on the façade of the house they’d been spying on. He hears shouts, and then footsteps coming directly towards them.
The man is probably used to people chasing him, because he’s quick, and he’s ducking into alleys and leaping down hidden sets of staircases as if he does it every day. Sherlock and John aren’t far behind, Sherlock still gripping John’s gun in his right hand as the pair of them give chase. The man is relentless, apparently not losing breath as he skids around a corner and vanishes from sight.
And it wasn’t the last time it had happened, either. He thinks about those times, too.
Almost half an hour goes by, and John has graduated to typing his blog, consulting the notes he’d made on their last case. He’s decided to call this one
“All right, now I think it’s time for bed,” says John, hefting him upright. “Come on.”
“Occupied?” He looks around wildly. “With what?”
“Hmm. Yes. That.”
The water has stopped running. John puts the phone back down, hurrying back to his chair and sitting down, picking up his laptop and pretending to be busy just as the bathroom door opens in a billowing cloud of steam, revealing Sherlock wrapped in a bathrobe. He strides to his bedroom and slams the door behind him, and John relaxes a little. It’s not like there’s any way Sherlock would know John checked his phone, right?
Sherlocks huffs but once again focuses on the microscope, fiddling with the dial and squinting. John resumes reading, sipping his tea as he does.
He turns fluidly, clicking the safety of the gun on and sliding it into the waistline of the back of his trousers, pulling his jacket down over it. For the second time that night he steadies John, this time with both his hands on his shoulders, face still impassive except for the fact that he’s out of breath.
The man jumps, dropping the roll of cash as he looks up at the two of them standing there, Sherlock still pointing the gun at him. His eyes dart to them, then the cash on the ground. His eyes are wide, cornered.
John attempts valiantly to come up with a smart-arse retort.
“Come here, I need to tell you something.”
“John?” the voice calls, loudly—ugh, too loudly. He winces, looking up with difficulty, still spluttering and choking. “Sh-Sherlock?”
His little smile widens. “Well. That’s that.” He swipes his thumb on the screen, unmistakably deleting the message. John frowns at his screen, at the tangle of letters he’d typed in his quest to remain inconspicuous. “How often does she text?” he blurts out after a minute.
“We shouldn’t be here,” John hisses.
“Night, Sherlock,” he mutters, then promptly turns tail and hightails it out of there, shutting the door behind him. His only solace is that Sherlock probably won’t remember a single thing that happened by tomorrow morning, so he acts like it never happened, and doesn’t even mention it at breakfast the next day. To his utter relief, neither does Sherlock.
“I’m busy, John.”
They’re moving towards Baker Street.
Neither of them mention what happened to anyone after they get back to Baker Street.
“The half-full needle hidden in your sleeve, the traces of powder lining the insides of your nostrils that you haven’t bothered wiping off and the over-dilation of your pupils, along with the folds on the left side of your trousers and the distinctive and telling knotting of your shoelaces, plus the inflection in your voice and the position of your right foot all suggest that you do.” He holds out his other hand impatiently. “Now play nice and hand them over, I’m tired of this already and I need a cup of tea, it’s bloody cold out.”
John doesn’t bother hiding a smile, finding himself actually looking forward to having everyone over at the flat. Maybe he can even convince Mycroft to show up. Suddenly the prospect doesn’t seem difficult or even remotely repellent anymore. How bad can things be in the world and in the grand scheme of things, if he has Sherlock?
“Oh, that is true, isn’t it?” she sighs. “It’s really a pity.” She takes the tea tray and moves back downstairs, and John glances back at the bathroom. The water is still running.
“Closer.”
The man promptly turns tail and flees.
“You don’t need to—”
He sees Sherlock sigh, then straighten as if steeling himself to do something very, very difficult. He looks at John, his face steadfastly neutral. He stares for fifteen solid seconds, then says, “Please, John?”
That way, things would be much, much easier.
It’s one of those cases, those small stupid ones Sherlock takes just to alleviate the boredom, to keep the balance, to oil the machine that sits in his head instead of a brain. He barely remembered it later, and he’d neglected to whittle it down to just the important bits whilst also adding several layers of marketable bullshit and plaster it out onto his blog for the world to see, mostly because for the life of him he just can’t remember how it had happened.
“Like the fact that it’s your birthday.”
; kissing Sherlock Holmes isn’t exactly something he’d be hard-pressed to forget—but while he remembers the kiss (and vividly at that), he doesn’t really recall what had led up to it. Or, rather, he does remember what had led up to it, but not the precious few seconds that had come before it.
“You know how he gets sometimes, Mrs. Hudson,” says John, lifting his teacup to his lips and maintaining direct eye contact with Sherlock as he speaks. “Inexplicable bouts of crabbiness. He’ll come round soon, don’t you worry.”
“On… their way… where?”
“Yeah?”
John thinks, and he’s about to ask Sherlock what the hell he means by that when Sherlock continues speaking, still peeking around the side of the statue. “That’s the thing I love about obnoxiously rich people,” he says. “They have unnecessarily large grounds, and guards get distracted. Leaves plenty of hiding places. And even more places to get a glimpse through their windows…”
“Quick,” says Sherlock, stuffing the binoculars into his coat and lifting his hands to muss his hair, “look occupied.”
So he leans forward and does just that.
It’s all a blur after he hits the water.
. “There’s your stupid jar,” he says.
And the man is doing exactly what Sherlock wants.
He’s not quite sure if he leans up or if Sherlock leans down—maybe it’s both—but a second later Sherlock’s fingers tighten bruisingly on his shoulders and John’s fingers are gripping the back of his coat and one or either or both of them step forward, tautening that wire, closing the distance—and then they’re kissing.
He’s conveniently interrupted by the door opening and a cheerful Mrs. Hudson holding a tea tray, wearing an apron and a smile as she chirps out a good morning. “It’s nice and sunny today, isn’t it?” she asks happily, throwing open the curtains in a billowing cloud of dust. Sherlock hisses like an angry cat as a thick bar of sunlight slants directly onto him, illuminating that side of the room. “There, now it’s bright!” she says, smiling indulgently at a scowling Sherlock.
Blissfully ignorant of the quiet edge to Sherlock’s tone, John merely feigns shock. “Dear lord, how did you guess? Must’ve deduced it from the tilt of my eyebrow and the fold of my sock.” He moves forward, placing the jar besides Sherlock’s hand with a loud
“Who’re you?” he asks, his voice shrill. “What d’you want?”
He plucks Sherlock’s dressing gown from where it’s draped over the armchair, getting the lights and dousing the fire as he moves back to Sherlock’s bedroom. “Mrs. Hudson left out a couple of sandwiches if you’re hungry, they’re in the kitchen,” he says as he pushes the door open and heads inside. “You can take one whenever you—” He chokes, the words dissolving into a strained cough as he walks into the room and beholds an entirely naked Sherlock lying spread-eagled on his bed and staring up at the ceiling with a ditzy sort of smile on his face.
Sherlock gives the barest of nods, and John is just about to ask him what they should do (they hadn’t exactly had a plan, but in their defense they hadn’t thought this far ahead) when he feels a hand creep along his chest and beneath his jacket, making him jump.
His eyes dart between John and Sherlock nervously. “No, I don’t.”
Sherlock sighs and turns to him. “As long as one of us is a convincing liar, we should be fine. We can pretend we lost our way looking for the loo or something.”
“…Sorry,” he mumbles finally.
“Sherlock, wait,” he hisses again, but Sherlock doesn’t reply, drawing the gun out of John’s pocket and lifting it, tucking his arm against his chest as he spins neatly around the corner of the alleyway and points it directly at the man still hovering there. John swears under his breath and turns out of the alleyway after Sherlock, hearing the soft
“The woman?” he asks, teeth chattering. “Did she—”
“You were fidgeting,” Sherlock says, not looking at him, his eyes fixed instead on a point somewhere above John’s left shoulder. “It was constant—you were shifting, tapping your foot, looking around, blinking—”
“For the love of—”
Another step. “I reckoned if you were really going to sort of appreciate what I give for a long time, then it’ll be worth it.”
to find the courage to come out as bisexual. John was sure that this, them, was for forever.
“Subject JW practices regular use of an old-fashioned quill for writing. No contemporary fashion sense to speak of. Inability to use even basic technology. Apparent familiarity with variety of fowl and other odd creatures. Little to no popular culture knowledge. Little familiarity with London streets. Odd speech patterns and idioms-“
“Listen—” John clears his throat, straightens his posture, and doesn’t continue until Sherlock’s gaze meets his. “Sherlock. I don’t know what you’re thinking, but Irene told me about what happened two summers ago. She told me about a
With a wide grin still in place, John toes off his shoes and walks around the counter to grasp Sherlock around the waist, gently twisting him away from the counter. He tips his head up and Sherlock obliges his boyfriend with a soft kiss. He jumps slightly when he feels John dip his hands into the back pockets on Sherlock’s jeans and John giggles against his chin. He is in an exceptionally good mood. (Good. That can only help Sherlock’s desire to give him a memorable evening). Sherlock’s nerves melt away as he rubs his hands down John’s lower back, nuzzles at his temple with a smile.
"I was serious about coming all the way into my flat. It might help explain." John takes his hand and starts to lead him up the stairs. “Would you mind starting by telling me your theories?” John asks. He’s still desperately looking for a way in which he doesn’t have to actually
“Haven’t you?” John mutters, but he drags in a deep breath to continue speaking so Sherlock disregards the comment. “You’ve caught me out. Course you have, you’re bloody brilliant, Mr.
"John," was all he offered, a single eyebrow raised. It said things like,
John gets an eye-roll in response to this line, but Sherlock nonetheless steps closer until they’re pressed against each other in an embrace. John smiles sunnily up at his boyfriend, who scoffs and looks away.
“Not to worry, Irene,” Mike interrupts. “He means ‘charm’ strictly in the Muggle sense.”
Oh, John. You really
“Yeah, I know.” John grinned and hauled Sherlock in for another kiss.
Pranav answers the call, hair styled, clad in a Captain America shirt. “John! It’s been a couple of weeks. How’s things?”
Sherlock’s eyelids flutter shut and he shudders in a shaky breath through his nose. He presses back for another kiss, deeper and wetter.
“Hey John! Mary mentioned the other day you might be interested in joining the crew, yeah?” John nodded, but he must not have looked very enthusiastic, because Greg laughed. “I get it, you’re not the first bloke lured into this department by a girl.” Greg glanced at a girl in the corner. John recognized her from his biology class. Molly Hooper. John grinned at the smitten look on Greg’s face, but before he could speak, Greg continued.
Sherlock frowns at John from where he’s examining another lacy black contraption. “’Girlfriend?’ I believe Irene has said on multiple occasions that it’s problematic to use that term when describing platonic female-female friendships.”
John pauses.
“Hm, let me try for a guess, then…Is this ‘dare’ how you ended up counselor to the littlest campers? I’ve been wondering.” There was sincere curiosity in his eyes and Sherlock was so gone on him it was unbearable. He
“Oi!” Bill shouts, feigning a wounded expression. “Too far, Johnny. What’s got your wand in a knot about this bloke? You only bloody met him yesterday!”
“Oh, right!” John squeaks, ears turning red. “I’d forgotten about him.”
There’s a heavy pause over the line. “No you didn’t.”
* * *
After greeting each of them, John looked around. The first impression of the room was that the it was absolutely
John began looking for Sherlock in the corridors between classes and at breaks during rehearsal. There was never time for anything more than quick snatches of conversation here and there, but it was enough of a glimpse into Sherlock's fascinating brain to pique John's interest further. Sherlock was brilliant, and arrogant, and morbidly fascinated with death.
The nurse showed John how to use the small hospital telly mounted in a corner and told him to watch the news for more information. The moment John saw the headline (‘
“Yes. Very good,” John teases her. “Maybe you should drop by some weekend. Say
“Sorry, mate. Tradition’s tradition. And…I’d feel better personally if you did this for us.” Greg looked genuinely apologetic, which was
“What for?”
He checks the time. John’s class will finish in half an hour. He taps a message out on his mobile and sends it before he can obsess over it.
be – " Sherlock ends the call with a smirk and definitively
John tilts Sherlock’s chin down and leans up and
Sherlock, of course, slots into the group with enviable grace, and it isn’t long before he’s begun interrogating Irene for details of the gang’s exploits at Hogwarts and sweet-talking his way through Mike’s and Bill’s bookshelves.
Tamping down on his involuntary laughter, John lays a sympathetic hand on Sherlock’s arm. “No, no. It’s actually a pretty good guess. It was during the 14
. When there’s nobody around but Lestrade. No cameras. He looks at me, does his intense John Watson stare and licks his lips and I have to concentrate on not tripping, which would be extra embarrassing since I’m being paid to be a professional dancer.”
“Shall I handle the introductions then? I’m Victor. And I’ve heard plenty about all of you!”
“Oh.” John replies, and clears his throat. “Do you know that he and I were – that we used to – ?” Sherlock observes his boyfriend carefully as he fails to make it to the end of a sentence. He’s heard enough about James Sholto from John and Irene to know that there were some intense feelings there for a time, and heartbreak on both sides when things ended.
, something that I can actually
Next time: opening night!
“Your shoes?” John asks, torn between bewilderment and rage. He has an idea who Sherlock means. Sherlock gestures down to his trainers which – John remembers with a glance downwards – have rainbow laces.
, and it shows on camera as much as it had in person: no air-brushing required.
“’Course. And with that, looks like we’re right on time to begin. Break a leg, team. Stand by house lights out and sound cue A...House out and sound A…Go.” John watched as lights faded in the house and a soft blue light faded up on stage. The audience chatter died down at once and Molly’s soundscape filled the air. Janine stepped out in the Nurse’s conservative gray dress. “Spot one on Janine…go.”
at this distance. It’s making John’s head fuzzy. “Running about with your deductions and your violin. You’re like a real-life fairy tale.”
“Cheers,” John said, reaching out his hand towards Holmes. The boy looked John up and down, eyes narrowed.
“So. Have you done it yet?”
been holding out on me.”
* * *
For reference, so far I've got:
“Well I had to tell
“There you go again with the sighing! Stop being so much happier than the rest of us.” He collapses onto the armchair beside the couch.
“You didn’t!” John laughs, thinking that he probably did.
“You’ll have to figure out a way to tell him.”
“Ha!” Bill calls. “John, your hair is shorter as a dog, too!”
“Time traveler.”
he turned it off. John thought that finding himself lauded as some kind of hero would be the worst news he received that day.
The protagonist is the eponymous Madman: a charming prince. A mad prince who travels on his own whim to perform magic and music for the masses. A corner of Sherlock’s mouth tilts up with fondness, that John must imagine himself in this fantastical way. Performing for his adoring public.
“Hear, hear!” says Irene from behind them. Sherlock startles, and cranes his neck around to see Irene has her eyes closed again. “Christ, I thought she was sleeping?” he says.
John reflexively lifts a hand to his head.
Sherlock snorts.
John and Irene call regularly, and he even gets a few postcards with red lipstick stains, but it’s not the same. He wants to be back out on the road with his friends.
From what he observed, Mary was
“Sherlock Holmes. And, thanks.”
Sherlock groans. “But that’s during performances, with ten thousand people who paid for a show. I’m talking about during
“He wants to fuck me. Fine. That’s simple enough, plenty of people do.” Sherlock ignores Molly’s snort. “We’ll be dancing, and he’ll look at me like I’m his next meal, and then the song turns off, he gives me a pat on the back and leaves. Doesn’t say anything, do anything. Treats me exactly the way he usually does.”
John looked out onto a full audience and wondered what Sherlock might be able to tell just by looking at them. He spotted the Morstans and waved cheerily to them as they took their seats. Then he took a deep sigh and put on his headset. “Spot one on com.”
His mum lays a hand on his cheek. “Not at
- write it on a cake - funny?
* * *
This is surprisingly emotionally intelligent for Sherlock. Usually the boy likes to pretend that he’s remote, disinterested and unversed in sentiment. John thinks he does it to protect what John suspects is a rather fragile heart. He glimpses that elusive heart every so often, in the way Sherlock cradles and distracts a heart-broken Molly, or sits quietly with James when the boy goes to anxious pieces over an upcoming exam.
Sherlock is right of course. Once confronted, James breaks down and tells John everything.
“You’ve realized you’re attracted to Sherlock. Romantically. Although, physically, he did come back from that poncy music camp even
(See the end of the chapter for
, jumping on them both. Irene rolls her eyes, and Sherlock laughs. “Friend of yours?” he asks Irene, bending down to pat John. John barks happily, and starts laying slobbery doggy kisses on Sherlock’s cheek and under his chin. Sherlock giggles, squirming under his tongue, and scratching behind John’s ears.
Then again, it was rather inevitable. John was intriguing, with his sharp edges and cuddly jumpers. With his near-constant flirtation and his apparent commitment to Mary. With his masculine athleticism and his willingness to join the theatre.
those ocean-blue eyes.
And John loves him
and then—
“Okay,” John nods, shifting to better face Sherlock.
“It’s nice,” John sighs, content. He feels the warm thrumming in his veins that he has recently come to recognize as the magic that Sherlock stirs up in him whenever they’re together. Carefully, John tamps down on it, not ready to inadvertently reveal his secret to Sherlock.
“As you know, these last few months haven’t been easy for me, and dating you…Dating you would be the best thing that could possibly happen to me. So, if you’ll have me Mary… could you see your way, um. If you could see your way to possibly-”
Just then a woman, out of breath, comes running from the airport doors. The girl turns and beams at her scowling guardian. “Mommy! Look who I found!” Sherlock and John share a grin.
it’s almost time. He and Molly are in Sherlock’s sitting room, his laptop hooked up to the television.
“Yeah,” John manages. “Um, I would say, um. I’m bi? Is it crazy that I’ve only actually said that aloud to about three people and you’re one of them?”
“Sure you do,” Sherlock tells him dismissively. “German Shepherd. You’re covered in its hair.”
This is it, then. How, exactly, should John tell Sherlock about magic? John takes out some parchment and makes a list of ideas.
“Is that Sherlock, all grown up? Looking fine, mate.”
“Sherlock?” John questioned, evidently startled by what he saw on Sherlock’s face. What
After the previous night’s revelation he was
John stretches out his hand, shaking it as pain blooms across his knuckles. Sure, there was some pain involved, but Muggle fighting was thrilling! He didn’t even mind the pain so much when he looked up and saw the exhilarated smile on Sherlock’s face, and the dark heated look in his eyes.
John rifles through the stacks of paper and files until he finds a first aid kit, which he opens and begins to sort through methodically. “So. Ten years. What’ve you been up to?” John asks, visibly stiff and uncomfortable. Sherlock sympathizes. Being alone in a small room with John Watson after a decade is surreal.
I miss you too. talk soon.
Anderson lunges for Sherlock and shoves him past the punch table and against the nearest wall.
“Bi girls?” John asks innocently. “I thought those were a myth. Ouch!” he yelps as Irene punches his shoulder,
“Well, I was talking to Mrs. Hudson earlier…” Mary began. She didn’t have a chance to continue as John began speaking over her.
Sherlock repeats it back to him, pressing his forehead firmly against John’s.
I have some edits to make to the choreography your agent sent over.”
“Who’s sighing now?”
“I don’t think you’re a freak.”
bloke, unlike anyone John has ever seen in two decades spent admiring the human form. The man is tall and slender and graceful as he struts confidently through the shop towards the counter, a long dark coat flapping behind him.
John pries his hands off his face with a giggle. It's a relief to have Sherlock on the inside of this secret, and he feels nearly giddy. “How about I show you instead?”
in his chest every time the small device vibrated in his pocket, and when it lit up like a
“No! That’s not it. I do! Well, not that I
“Yeah, but I don’t count for that do I?” John smiles, sly and challenging. “Go on, then.”
“Well… There’s this bloke.”
Sherlock slunk into the room with his eyes to the floor like he was trying not to be noticed.
“You ‘figured’ that the subject of your
“Uh. I’m right here, babe,” John says, shooting a confused look at his boyfriend.
Sherlock’s flat is warm and dusty and creaky and eclectic. It reminds John of the Gryffindor Common Room and feels instantly like home. They chat over Chinese takeaway about Sherlock’s book collection (extensive) and his clean cutlery collection (nil) and John learns by necessity how to eat with the disposable wooden chopsticks that came with their order.
you now. You’re quite stuck with me, in fact.”
“James,” John chokes out. “as in
John didn’t realize his accidental magic could act up …because he’s happy.
“Well, it was required at Hogwarts.”
“Right! John Watson, this is my best friend, Molly Hooper-”
John takes Sherlock’s elbow. “Technically, this is enough contact to take you along with me when I disapparate. But the closer we are, the more comfortable the journey will be for you.”
- apparate us to candlelit dinner in Paris. Sherlock so swept off feet he doesn't question how we got to eiffel tour
Sherlock looks skeptical. “Does it?”
“What?” Sherlock gasps, still nuzzling into John’s neck, his hot mouth trailing along John’s throat.
Irene’s words catch up to John. It’s like his brain is struggling to come back into focus after that stunning, dizzying, too-short conversation. “What did you mean when you said, ‘I’m in trouble’? Is he already seeing someone?”
Sherlock points out a crystal perfume bottle with a red cap. “
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s pretty rough at this stage. I know something’s missing, but I can’t figure out exactly what. The music never comes as easily to me as the words.”
John ignores Bill in favor of nuzzling against Sherlock’s hand. He thumps his tail furiously against the floor and barks again, giving Sherlock his best doggy smile.
“Don’t you want to know what that is?” Sherlock finally asks, an edge of petulance in his tone.
is still at the top of the charts. Plus, if you do decide to take advantage of your newfound notoriety, you’re in a position at the moment of being able to seduce literally any queer person under 40 who’s single or non-monogamous.”
Sherlock is watching appreciatively as John takes his jacket off and proceeds to dominate at “Faceketball” when his dad finally says something.
He watches John blink in surprise as he takes it all in: the pillows and duvets piled neatly to create a soft cocoon, the flickering candles reflecting against the glass of the window, the soft view of Oxford as the sun has just set. John’s expression cracks into a pleased smile. “What’s all this for?” he asks softly.
