“Let’s get out of here… please?” Luna begged and gripped Happy’s arms.
“We did a bunch of tests and she isn’t dangerous. She has powers, but she can control them. The letter from the mother said that she needed to grow up with people like her.” Nick slid the paper over to the husbands.
Later that night Bruce, Steve and Tony all sat at the dining-room table. None of them knew what to do. They were already giving her sleeping medication so her dreams won’t flood her room. If they did give her the medication during the day she would become numb.
Steve just held him as the birthday boy cried into his arms. It was true, Steve has gotten bigger. He had gone through training and signed up for some testing that made him buffer. He had become superhuman. He couldn’t tell him that he had to go back to war in a month. They would cross that bridge when they got there. For now, he wanted to celebrate Tony’s birthday.
Steven gave Luna a towel to wrap around herself while he, Bruce and the other doctors started to get Tony ready for the move.
“She really loves Halloween,” MJ commented leaning on her husband Ned. They got married six weeks ago and just came back from there honeymoon. They start working for S.R.I. next week. “I thought she was excited on a daily base, but this is crazy.”
Steve stood up. “Your honor it is clear Peter is having separation anxiety can one of our friends go with the caretakers to help calm their nerves.”
As soon as the cars were out of sight Tony turned and punched Steve across the face. “Why?! Why did you bring up the twins?!”
“Hey, guys what’s going on? You joining Luna and me for dinner?” Bruce asked them and took keys out to the door for the private elevator door. “Jarvis, access code parental baby girl 301-10.”
“I’ll be Toph, don’t get any of my costumes! I have everything in my closet. Can we eat dinner now? I’m hungry from all of this thinking. The other day should be Alice in Wonderland. I love that movie! It’s my favorite!” Luna told them.
He nodded and followed the spy down to the hall until they reached the room where the door was decorated in bride decorations. All he could do was smile and think about how random the wedding decorations might be.
“Are you hurt, Луна?” Natasha asked her and pushed the hair out of her face.
Professor Flitwick looked up at her taking her hands. “We went to find you the only reason we knew you were all gone. Your father, Tony, he isn’t doing well. He keeps slipping into mini-comas after having a seizure. We were going to send you home. Since we didn’t find you we went to find Ms. Ginny. No one had seen any of you, but you were seen leaving the grounds.”
“To the end of the line… god, this kid really is us in a nutshell, Tony,” Steve whispered and laid back on the bed. “She gets married tomorrow. What am I gonna do? I need her to be okay with me alive.”
“Luna, sir. Please to meet you,” She told him and looked up at the man with her glasses on her face.
“I’ll call the kid and tell him not to come,” Bucky told them and walked away from the group.
“Access granted, Bruce Banner.”
“Excuse me, Spiderman! Imagine! Have you two finally let your feelings out of the bag? Are you dating?!” The famous reporter Lois Lane asked the two.
Peter slumped back in his seat and sucked his thumb. Curling into Violet’s lap. Violet put her hands on top of his head playing with his curls and yawned. “Daddy and Papa will come back.”
Happy went down the stairs and leaned into Luna whispering. “I’m gonna be behind you. If you need anything to switch your cane to your other hand. I’m right here with you.”
Steve smiled. “Hi, I’m Steve and that’s Tony.”
Violet walked over and kissed him on the cheek. She pulled him close to make sure no one else could hear them. “Make sure you behave and maybe they’ll let us see one another… I will always find my way back to you.”
Violet pushed Peter across the room and looked up at him. “Stick me. Don’t let me hurt him,” she got up and grabbed the tray walking over to Peter. “Don’t hurt him. Don’t hurt him. It’s Peter.”
“I didn’t mean for them too,” Dad told me and kissed my head. “Well by now you know we are moving. We are going up to New York to live with everyone. It’ll be safer for everyone in our family. It’s safer for you. Especially after the battle in Sokovia. How’s school?”
“But you pretend all the damn time!” Peter yelled and stood up. “I won’t do this without you! So, just fucking sign the papers!”
“Dr. Yang… I can play. I promise you I can play. I’ve been playing since I was three… please. Give me another chance when my real prosthetic arms come in.” Violet pleaded.
Walking into the cafeteria and seeing all of the people hurt it made Tony’s heart sob. He was already paying for everyone's health care and to fix all the building damaged, but he couldn’t bring the dead back to life.  Tripping over his own two feet Tony went on to his knees gasping for air.
“Well. This was great turn out, but I’m gonna go. I’ve already seen all the projects and you already promised money.” Violet told them and kissed her father’s cheeks. “I guess I’ll see you the next time a business meeting comes around Peter. MJ take you for coming as well. I’ll see you all for Christmas?”
“That didn’t cause anything,” Steve told her and knelt down. “It’s okay.”
“Yes, I know.” Steve smiled and sighed. “I’m gonna go help, Tony.”
All he needed now was a distraction. Nothing small. He’s a Stark he needs something big! Go big or go home is his motto.
When the door opened all the dust that had accumulated went rushing out the door. Peter started coughing and turned on the lights. The piano in the center of the room was covered with dust and all of the music books. No one had been in the room for the past two years since they were taken away.
“Pills? I was not told she needed pills?”
“Actually, that's the big secret around the town. That we may or may not be answering tonight. Wait until our speech tonight. Now if you could please excuse us.” Peter told them and walked to the next station of photographers.
Tony looked at him and kissed his chins. “Luna. Her name is Luna Stark-Rogers”
“I do. He’s in custody now.” Rhodey told them. “He’s in handcuffs. Tony, what do you want me to do? It is your tower.”
“Alright, thank you, Jarvis.” Tony sighed. “Tell him we will be there when Steve gets the webs out of his nose,”
“Tony, what do you wanna do?” Steve looked over at him putting there hands on top of the table.
“Just us at Comic-Con then the others will join us. We are so excited to go see everything,” Steve told her and ran his fingers through her hair.
Happy drove them home to the empty tower. Violet was the only one at the tower. She sat in the main room in the dark trying not to make a sound knowing as soon as her fathers came home she was in the worst trouble of her life. She watched the TV flash with the word freak under the picture of her and Peter.
“Fine,” Tony grumbled and crossed his arms across his chest.
“We can leave in ten minutes. I already booked us a flight.” Tony grinned when Steve started jumping up and down.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Tony asked her and helped Steve stand up and guided him to the bed.
“And Papa is gonna leave us…” she cried out and started to shake. “I saw him kiss Bucky… we're gonna be alone again in the tower. Just like when he left the tower two months ago.”
“Daddy…” he cried and gripped Tony’s shirt shaking. “No, no, please dad! I don’t wanna go. I don’t wanna go!”
“OKAY!” She yelled going into her closet.
“Papa made pizza and you said it was the best you ever had that you could never forget it. How could you have forgotten it if it was the best you’ve ever had?”
Peter and May moved into the compound a year after the death of Tony. May took a job she earned in Med Bay for S.H.I.E.L.D. The two were more than excited to live there with the Avengers. Which made Peter come out to Luna about being Spider-Man. He graduated a year after Luna and started to work at S.R.I with Luna doing inventing. There love blossomed into something more magical than her parents had.
Everyone walked closer from the circle containing a mug of liquid that they poured on top of her. It all smelled like urine. Still not giving them a reaction that Draco wanted he went a step further and started a fire underneath her.
Steve stopped in his tracks and looked down at the girl sleeping in his arms. “Jarvis, just call her Violet. Don’t tell anyone about her being our daughter yet.”
- - - - - - - -
“This has to be my favorite holiday!” Luna squealed and took a sip of her water. “Ever since I got my eyesight it’s been even more amazing.”
“Yes, your honor.” Both the lawyers spoke in unison.
Jarvis turned the volume up on the stereo as the song played.
“Peter, I need you to trust me. I have a plan.” Violet began but got cut off.
“Violet Maria Rogers-Stark, get downstairs now before I make you,” Steve told her in his best captain voice. They knew that one day she would manipulate them, but not this young.
Steve was up there before Tony. They took one another’s hand and looked at Dr. Dessie. “How are they?”
He was there within the hour of the phone call. “Bruce thank the Gods your here.” Tony smiled and held Steve’s hand tightly.
Going on the com she ‘placed’ in everyone's ears she spoke. “This is Miss. Imagine warning you to get off the monsters I believe there is a bomb in there mouthes getting ready to blow in ten seconds.” Jumping off the building Violet imagined bombs in each of the monsters mouths. “I imagine bombs in each of the monsters mouths!” Landing on her feet she ran over to where the other supers were waiting for the bombs to go off.
“Hubby… come here and show me what Iron Man is truly made of.” Steve teased and ran into his bedroom belly flopping onto the bed. Steve waited ready for Tony to come to join him in the bed he grew up in.
Steve sighed and looked down at the girl who was on the floor shaking. “Fine,” Steve put the handcuffs on her prosthetics and walked her up to the gym where everyone was waiting. Everyone stopped when they walked into the room.
When his mind registered what she had said Peter looked up at her and squirmed, “Um…”
Steve blushed and walked over to him. “Not in front of the kids.” Steve pecked his lips and smiled. “Later you can have the rest. Not in front of the four-year-olds.”
Luna’s eyes were more red and puff after the lights went on. She was crying more. “D-dad… Papa… oh, gosh...”
Thor: “Congratulations.”
Tony sighed and rubbed his face. “Steve, who’s gonna go upstairs and sit with her today?”
“But you could have gotten hurt. You are hurt, Miss. You should know when your powers are giving out.” Steve put his hands on her knees, “I need you to talk to yourself.”
Natasha kneeled down to the girls level and took both of her hands into hers. “We didn’t know if you wanted to give a eulogy or if you wanted one of us to do it. Either way, we would be happy to help you.”
“Got it!” Peter went back to the tower where he left his sister before she flew up to the wormhole.
“Glad everyone is acquainted, now let’s party please!” Tony smiled and opened a bottle of beer dumping half of it into a glass giving it to Steve.
It took Tony twenty minutes after the interrogation to get Jarvis backup online. He had called Bruce to come up from the lab to get the body out of the gym and to look over Violet. All he could do was sit and watch her lay in the bed just like they did after the battle of New York. She laid so still very frail. They had changed her into one of the old pairs of PJs she had up in her room.
Tony walked over and hugged Steve tight. “I have you if you will have me upstairs in your bed.” Tony watched Steve go out of his arms and laughed.
“I-I can’t choose that.” Peter rubbed his eyes trying to keep the tears away. “I love them both. It’s not fair. Mrs. Judge… promise me that Violet will be with me this time?”
“Do what you think is right,” Dad told me and smiled putting his hand on top of mine. He looks like the man he was the day before he died. Happy and strong. No holes in his body.
“Get dressed. We have to leave in three hours.” Tony told her and walked back into the master bedroom.
“Tony let the kids do this. We got men on the ground that need their asses kicked anyway. Spiderman clearly can handle himself.” Dr. Strange told them and started making a circle with his magic. “Both of you go through my portal. It will bring you the closet humanly possible without flight.”
“Where are they?!” I screamed.
Pepper kissed her head and whispered. “I guess so. Then we can go to the house.”
I told Peter that I would fix everything the day my fathers died of murder. I plan to keep that promise until I die. I lived in the time our fathers died in until we were fifty-seven years old. I found a cure of the serum inside our blood along with how to keep our fathers alive. We try so hard to do everything right, but nothing does.
Tony watched his twins walk around the expo smiling and walking around. Peter held MJ’s hand in one hand and his first born sons in the other. Violet walked behind him alone holding her prosthetic arms that’s she’s had since she was six looking at the floor like she was thinking hard about something.
Tony choked on his coffee and looked at them dropping his plate on the table. “Um… what about that cartoon the one with the kids I bet they have that on TV right now!”
Bucky opened the door slowly and looked up him and down slowly. “Captain Steven Grant Stark-Rogers. How are you feeling?”
“We hear you loud and clear,” Peter told him. “We just had to do a wardrobe change. Thanks to Mr. Stark my suit can fly, so I gave it to my partner and she is going to close the portal but stay close to it so she won’t run out of energy. She’s already low from the bombs since she couldn’t see all of them. Man, do I look good in a dress?”
Harry told them as they walked closer or the archway. “Everyone get behind me!”
Two weeks after staying in the hospital everyone was allowed to come home. Tony sat the twins on the couch putting on the Jungle Book the original or Tony wouldn’t have been able to watch it. The actors were just… pissing him off.
Peter just nodded and covered himself up with the blanket.
Tony, Rhodey, Nat, and Vision went inside the tower going up to the penthouse. Tony pushed Rhodey away going over to the bookcase where all of the pictures they had of there wedding sat. “FUCK!” Tony screamed and pushed the bookcase over watching everything smash into a million pieces.
“Yes, we adopted out of the country. Her name is Luna. Luna’s parents weren’t in the picture when we took her in. She has been blind since birth,” Tony told them.
“Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the wedding of Luna Pandora-Elizabeth-Sara Stark-Rogers, and Peter James Parker. Marriage is a wonderful thing between two people who are in love. And let me tell you I have never seen anyone more in love then the day I renewed Tony and Steve’s vows. May he rest in peace knowing that his daughter is going into good hands. Now, I believe you both have your own vows. Ladies first,”
“What’s that Tony?” Steve asked him following him down the stairs.
“Yes, Luna.”
Walking around at four in the morning was a great thing. Everything was very quiet and no one was up except who was patrolling the halls. Walking into the lab was nothing at all. No one was there to stop or even tell you no to coming in. Violet was able to go on the lab's computer and look into all S.H.I.E.L.D.S private information.
The pair disappeared into her bedroom. Her room was painted yellow with butterflies hanging around the room. Trees were painted on the walls with clouds and the sun shining above her crib. Fairies were flying around and unicorns standing in the background. Perfect for this little girls imagination.
“I won’t force you,” Natasha told me and kissed my forehead. “Jarvis, double-time it please.”
Tony paced the private jet sighing. “I hate going to California. I truly do Steve. She never has good news for me.”
Tony looked at the twins. “They can’t go to school in these clothes. They need to change and shower. And I stink.”
That only got Peter crying harder. That got Violet to ‘do the magic’ without even speaking what she wanted her powers to do. She fell to her knees holding Peter close.
“Then you will go back to S.H.I.E.L.D. and I will stay here with the kids. Just promise you won’t die.”
Bucky grabbed Tony tight by the arm and walked behind the cars making sure he wouldn’t get shot in the process. The shots kept getting closer to them after every step.
Both of us sat on the bench in the back while Bruce flew the plane. Natasha was telling me about how Bruce proposed to her and how they were going to have a summer wedding so I could be there. Decides that the flight was quiet. No one was telling me what was going on and why my parents didn’t come to see me during parents week.
“She wouldn’t look at me… we always look at one another. She cried on the stand.” Peter told him and gripped his jacket.
Happy: Of course. You do know Peter doesn’t have his driver's license correct?”
“You made this?” Steve asked her smiling. “You look adorable!” He always wanted to be able to design things of his own, but never found the time in the past few years with being the leader of the Avengers and keeping his family in line.
“I know…” Luna told him in tears.
Violet had one of her ‘imaginary’ friends, Kiki (from Kiki Delivery Service), sitting on the floor of his closet. “Peter… forgot me… didn’t he?” the imaginary friend started to tear up and faded away from the closet.
Luna screamed at the top of her lungs. “Ferby! Purple! Where is he?!”
“Thank you so much!” Luna told them and kept petting Newt. She laid her head on top of the dogs head. “I like the glittery collar.”
“I’m sorry I lost my cool,” Steve told Tony and wiped the dirt from his eyes.
Tony watched the other four guys drink down the shots like it was nothing to them. He couldn’t even stomach looking at the vodka in the first glass. How was he supposed to keep up with them? Sure he drank a lot of beer when his parents died, but never anything harder. Jarvis only had one drink and then drank six glasses of water after to make sure he was sober.
“Begin telling your tale. I have that chair to turn red when you lie.” Dr. Strange told her with a grin. This was his favorite ancient article that he is allowed to ‘play’ with.
“Always.”
The Avengers went off the stage waving while everyone was still asking questions. Tony held Steve’s hand close. “Lu, what do you wanna do first?”
Tony, Bruce, Nat, Wanda, Clint, and Bucky was helping pack up the Stark Tower for the move as soon as the babies are born. None of them wanted to see the family move, but they knew it was for the babies safety. Tony has made it so then it would look like he was still living here. He gave the tower to Bruce and Nat so they could have a home together with a lab for him, but everything was still in Tony’s name.
“Do you want to meet your mom?”
I gripped there hands and closed my eyes. “If I do it, I am afraid that you won’t love me. Going back is going to make a lot of things different. Especially… never mind that. Peter is my everything and I want to give him everything I can do. Even if it sacrifices myself.”
After the first ten minutes the double doors opened and there she was with a man who looked stern. She stood quietly facing the ground not looking up at anyone. “Over here, Violet!” Peter yelled and pointed to the two extra chairs between him and May. He didn’t even realize that he interrupted the judge. She didn’t even flinch when her name was yelled. The man sat his hand on Violet’s shoulder forcing her to take a seat in the back row away from the family that was waiting to see her.
“We’re gonna have so much fun with everyone today!” Steve smiles finally stepping out onto the stage. “I’m here today with my family to have fun with them and everyone else.”
“Well, I owe him.” Steve kissed Tony’s cheek and ran up the stoop and into the house.
“Dr. Strange the guys here for you!” Thor told him and snorted.
“It’s hero time! Ta ta for now!” Peter wrapped his arm around Violet and swung them away trying to find the cry.
The women kneeled and opened her bag. “Here you are, Peter. Tell her I am so sorry about taking her jacket.”
So, Tony made something he was supposed to: a bomb. He dropped a baby bomb outside of the lab when he was being shoved into the room. Tony counted to eighty while getting the suit as fast as he could hoping he would get it all on in time.
Dr. Strange walked over and placed a hand on top of her shoulder. “Hey, Luna… how are you feeling? I know we are all feeling upset about this, but the universe has a weird way of taking things into its own hands.”
The stage went black and a screen went down on the stage and a recording started to play. Tony was sitting in his lab Dummy was in the background slowly moving behind him. “Is this recording? Guess the blinking light means go… thanks for the heads up, Jarvis. Baby girl your getting married! Oh, the look on your face must be priceless. Steve better have whooped this guys ass in shape. Sorry, I know watch my language. Don’t talk smack to a dead person. ANYWAY! I love you and I bet your dress will be amazing. I love you. Kid, you hurt her you have a dead person ready to kick your ass once you get back here. AH, SHIT! DUMMY! That’s my IV! Stop! Gonna send you to a community college to wreck there shit… but you’ll be sent back in a week. Are we still recording? Jarvis, don’t make me reprogram yo-” The video went dead and the lights went back on.
Peter took Newt’s leash and walked with them smiling. Luna kept walking towards the crowds taking pictures with everyone she saw with a phone. Peter looked at Ned and MJ who were dressed as Juvia and Gray.
As the night went on the songs got better and better. Until the song, Iron Man by Black Sabbath came on. Peter took her by the hand and pulled her close. “Your dad use to sing this all the time in the suit.”
Looking over at the lock Peter noticed it was only an hour later from when his parents tucked them in, but it sounded like an army was roaming around the building. Rolling over he looked over to Violet’s bed and saw men fighting and bombs dropping. “Shit.”
“No.” She whispered.
“Pizza and nachos with a great movie sound fantastic! Peter, you can stay for dinner and the movie. Okay. I’ll be right back!” She smiled and skipped off into the distance smiling.
DON'T LIKE DON'T READ
Hoppy Easter!
Tony ripped his shirt off and wrapped it above the shots to keep the blood from spilling out of him. He reached into his pocket and called 9-1-1, but got shot in the back. “Bucky listen we will be fine.” Tony slipped the phone into his pocket and fell on top of him blacking out.
The men started fighting in the back not sparing anything in the booths to throw at one another. Once they ran out of things they started getting physical. It all ended with one blow. Steve punched Tony in the arc breaking the top of it. Shocking Steve back to reality.
Sighing Steve took the phone and picked it up going into the men’s bathroom.
“I-I didn’t want Peter to find out.”
They never moved out to the house that Tony built because they didn’t feel safe with that monster out there that took their child. They stayed in the tower and sold the house to S.H.I.E.L.D. not wanting to ever think about that house again. Tony hired more security and for the whole first year of Peter’s life Happy would be with him when Tony and Steve left the room not wanting the last baby being taken.
“I’ll be Aang,” Steve told him shaking his head at his overly excited husband but followed him to his computer. He thought Luna’s reaction was bad, he was worst.
Steve smiled and sat between Peter and Tony. “I’m Steve and this is my husband Tony. I bet you're hungry,” he went into Peter’s bag and got out the snacks placing them between the kids. He also took out some of the toys in the bag.
Taking out the flash drive out and putting it in her cleavage she walked out of the lab skipping making it look like she did nothing at all. She halted in her tracks and ran back to the computer and looked up Gilbert Bougainvillea. The man who played the first chair in any production the school performed. Looking at his picture she couldn’t help but want to see him more in real life.
“Sir, a follow up please.” Clark looked at him. “Why are you being so generous? And are you hurt?”
Luna leaned into him and cried. “I-I don’t know what to say… thank you! I’m so excited! Dad, Papa this is the greatest news I’ve gotten all day! Who are we gonna dress as?”
“He hasn’t told you yet?” Clint asked and chucked trying not to upset the couple.
“Of course, Spiderman.” She took his hand and followed the carpet stopping at everyone.
Peter took her hands and smiled. “Y-your welcome. Will I see you when you come back, Luna?”
“Boss?” an Irish voice interrupted them. “I have found her. It’s funny she is actually in the building.”
Nat kissed Violet’s head and handed her to Steve. “You both have the same color eyes. That’s crazy. Not many people have that color baby blue.”
They went into the bedroom and looked at Bruce, “Hey, boo bear. What’s up?”
Tony handed her the wand again and she held it in her hand. “I can it. It’s almost like it’s glowing. I can’t see, sir, how can I see this?”
“Okay we will, we can get everyone ready to go. We can go in the rain.” Steve told him and kissed his head.
Steve sighed. “We sent her away to school to keep her safe, but now that we are moving out here we are going to bring her home. She came out as our daughter two years ago, but that didn’t go so well. We paid everyone off to keep her off the records. Even though we do adore her. She leaves tonight to go back. She will be back around Christmas. If you don’t want to tell her until she comes back it’s up to you.”
Tony looked down and kneeled to the boy. “Yes I am, who are you?”
“She’s a very smart five years old almost six. Let me think… she can talk. She talks a lot. Never stops and it’s funny. She’s strange but very loveable. She is very short for her age. She is a cuddler,” Gale told her and sighed. “When she was born the hospital got bombed. She lost her eyesight 65% of the way. She lived with her parents until she was taken away from them at three,” Gale opened the door to the meeting room. “If you two just sit down and get comfy I will be right back with, Luna. Jessica will be coming in to speak to you though.”
Steve walked over and placed a hand on his cheek. “Yes, my love. It’s me. Calm down… it’s okay I promise.”
Just thinking like that had Tony pacing the rug in the living room maybe even a thousand times before he had to sit back down. He would have gone to the lab to blare AC/DC, but he knew how much of a pet peeve it was to Bruce.
“I know you do kiddo.” Tony kissed his head. “Did you wanna go play in the lab with me?”
That was the last thing Tony said until the court date to anyone. He would lay around the penthouse watching TV or a movie that the twins would watch. Sometimes he would be in one of the twin's rooms laying in the bed holding one of there stuff animals. Until someone dragged him to eat or forced him to shower.
“I would like that very much. Don’t let me dads scare you off. Understand?” Luna went on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek than skipped inside yelling at the top of her lungs. “See you soon!”
“I need to go! What’s the fastest way home?!” Luna begged him trembling.
“Hey! Hey! Language.” Tony smiled and kissed his cheek. “Get some rest we will be flying for a while.”
Bucky kissed his head and grinned. “Steve I will be fine. If anything happens I will look for you to help me.”
Tony just kept walking gripping Steve’s hand. “We’ll be okay. Just keep walking Pete. We can play a game of I spy until we get to the car.”
“Not your fault. Bastards wanted me to build a bomb. Let’s go home. Please. We have things to talk about. Our future especially.”
“Tool. Kill.” Was the only thing the long hair male behind her shouted.
Peter sat on the bench looking at the piano. He pressed one of the keys and let his tear go down his face escaping his eye. “Your eight today. Did you know that? Are you celebrating with anyone? Playing music? Maybe even dancing? How did you expect me to go on without you? I had to make a new best friend. Your my sister and I love you. That’s the truth. Why did you leave me? I hate you for leaving.”
“I-I can’t bring the dead back to life.” Tony sobbed and leaned over more until his forehead was touching the ground. “Why can’t I bring the dead back to life?!”
“Welcome home Sirs, young Peter, and child. What shall I call your other child, sirs?” Jarvis asked. Tony knew if Jarvis already detected her vitals and determined that it was the same as there long lost daughter that it had to be her. That Jarvis is never wrong.
Steve’s favorite thing in the world was watching his twins float in the ‘goo’ he was calling it while they were still developing. The boy is going to be Peter Rogers-Stark and the girl is going to be Violet Rogers-Stark. They are ready to be born at any time.
Bucky placed a hand on her shoulder. “It was a private mission. I am so sorry kid. Were upset too… we heard it the same time you did. We brought the Quinjet over here to get you.”
That caught everyone’s in the rooms attention. All the other chit chatting stopped and all eyes went on the couple sitting at the head of the table.
Luna skipped to the table and sat down smiling at her plate. After everyone ate they walked to the dorm room which was hidden next to the library doors. Everyone had there own little ‘room’ within the bigger room. Luna has one in the back with all of the first years, Smiling she closed the door to her room and laid on the bed. She sat down her book bag and pulled out her phone hitting play on her playlist.
Violet looked sighed. “Peter I can’t do patrol today. I still have to recover, and I have to stay late at school. I’m sorry I can’t do both.”
Tony hit play on the movie Chicken Little and looked over after he hears the god offal sound of ripping hair out. “O-Oh, thank you.” He took the hair and started scanning it getting lost in his thoughts.
“I hear them too…” Luna told them holding her wand tighter than before. She has never been afraid of dying up to this point, but whatever those voices wanted it wasn’t good.
“You two stay up here. Papa and I are gonna go to this meeting three doors down. If you need anything please call.” Tony kissed both of their heads. “I love you both.”
“That is fine,” the judge got up. “Six o’clock sharp Mr. Bougainvillea. Not a minute later. I do not want to stay here all night,”
“Any time my love. “But just know, I call dibs on being called dad!” Tony kissed his head and went into the living where he found Bruce. “Well, Bruce. I guess the next generation will have Avengers that come from Cap and me.” He sighed and sat down. “Promise me he will be alright.”
The music stopped and Jarvis began to spoke. “Sir there is a man in the lobby who is demanding to speak to you. He says it is urgent. He is already coming up the elevator. I could not get his face.”
“Morning…” She mumbled and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. “Staying up late with you was nice. I gotta get dressed. I’m getting married to my best and only friend my age.”
Steve looked at him. “I will be at that wedding. Even though she’s like 18…. Damn. Bucky everything I need to know. Let’s go.”
Bruce started taking her pulse. “Thank you for being honest. Neither of your dads were ever honest with me. They are even worst patience’s than Aunt Nat, and that’s saying something.”
Happy drove them in the limo with May who was dressed as Elsa from Frozen. Happy was dressed in a limo driver, so she just assumed that was his costume. Newt jumped into the car and laid on his bed. He was dressed up as the cat Happy. The most adorable costume of the year if you asked Peter.
“Newt… where are you?!” She yelled and stood up “NEWT! AUNT PEPPER!”
Steve sat down on the king size bed next to Tony and looked over at him. Tony is on his phone probably texting Peper about the meeting he had tomorrow morning at ten that he desperately wanted to skip since they were holding the twin's party tomorrow before they moved out of the tower for good this time. It’s not the end of the world, but to Tony, he’s lived here his whole life.
“It’s a harness so then you can attach the bar to the harness. Remember when we tried last year, but they said to wait for you to go to school? It’s just like that.”  Steve told her and smiled. “Do you want to have it on for the party?”
“I will,” she coughed and held the blanket closer to her. She watched as Peter left waving to her. Leaning back into her pillow she put on the tv watching reruns of Fairy Tail.
Having the violin and the headphones disappear she looked up. “Yes, father?”
“We’ll be outside waiting!” Steve told Tony and kissed his head.
“Mr. Lovegood is standing right there with the dog. I came here to hand deliver your Hogwarts letter and discuss everything.” Dumbledore told them and sat his wand down on the table putting his hands up. “Mr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers I truly need you to listen. Luca Lovegood’s parents didn’t go to jail for what they did. They went in for killing a great wizard. They knew their son was a prodigy and wanted them to go to the finest wizarding school. Changing him was to protect him.”
Tony and Steve ran down to the nursery when they arrived it was like an image from Alice in Wonderland. Over a thousand butterflies flew around the room. Violet was asleep with her head in Peter’s lap while Peter was sitting up against the crib sucking his web covered thumb.
“We better get going. I sense that Happy is going against his name.” Tony spoke after the limo’s horn went off. “Everyone let’s get on the highway to hell.”
“Of course,” Steve told him and turned his phone on silent. “Violet come stand with us.”
“Yes, she does,” Tony told him. “But, at the moment it’s in storage with the Mark 55. Did you want to test it out?”
“We are Earth’s mightiest heroes and we can’t even trust one another! They kicked our ass! It’s your fault they did this!”
Steve felt his heart clench and looked at Tony then quickly to Luna pulling her closer to his chest. “No! We are not ashamed of you. We just didn’t want to put your identity out in the open for people to see you yet. Maybe that’s what we will do at the grand opening. Be open about us married and our daughter.”
“Hey! Come on, knock it off,” Peter told him and pushed Flash off of him lightly not wanting to expose himself.
“Violet, that's what she said her name is. She doesn’t talk though.” Peter looked up at them. “I like her!”
“Pops!” Luna yelled and grabbed the metal part on Newt’s collar and walked out of the classroom with everything in her hands. The crowds in the hallway were already thick enough that she tripped and went on to her knees letting go of Newt’s metal guide collar.
“Something that no child should ever experience,” Nat told them and walked over to the little girl. “I heard you are just like me. I was in the red room too. Your safe here I promise,”
The ride home was miserable for Steve. All he could think of was somehow that being their daughter. Though he hoped she wasn't. After they found out that Helen Cho never sent out an assistant they looked through the footage. She was there one day and the next she was gone. Like she never existed, but Steve drew a picture of the girl knowing if he ever saw that face again that he would kill her or at least break a bone.
Luna pulled him close and kissed him again and again. Everyone around them was taking pictures and gasping at the couple.
“Okay.” Luna held on Newt’s leash and followed behind him until he stopped. “Newt what’s wrong?”
“T-thank you, sir.” She smiled up at him and took her father’s hand walking out. “Papa look it fits right behind my ear too! I bet Newt would like it too. Too bad he can’t come.”
“Newt get her out of here!” Pepper yelled and pulled them into the study and locked the door behind them. “Luna, sweetheart. I need you to go inside here. Remember two rights. Four lefts than the passcode. Caption Man. Iron America. Just say it when you get to the door.”
“They're here!” Steve yelled and went to the front door opening it trying to wipe the baby drool from his shirt. “Afternoon.”
“So, kids.” Hawkeye looked at them. “That’s why you moved out of the tower.”
“She told me everything. I think she’s ready to tell you guys as well. Just don’t interrupt. She got upset when I did,” Bruce told him and went into the bathroom. “Don’t worry she’s in her swimsuit. I didn’t see anything”
Steve stood there shaking. “She’s gonna be hurt.”
There time slowly coming to end they had to decide which one was going to go back to playing superhero while the other lived twenty miles away from the compound. To Steve, it was scary to think that one would be on the field and the other would be at home.
Over ten million people came to Tony’s funeral. Filled over fifty guest books. Everything was red and yellow. All of his suits were on a lock-in-key display. White flowers were all around the building just like he had them at his wedding reception four years ago when they got remarried for the public. Uncle Stan Lee was there in his wheelchair was the highlight of the party since he was making the comics of his nephew's friends adventures.
Happy: Sure. I’ll be there in ten minutes.
Steve nodded his head and looked back at the screen. “Go tell Bruce I am ready whenever he is. And babe.” he grabbed Tony’s hand and brought it to his lips. “I love you, and thank you for this miracle.”
“Leave her alone, Draco!” The girl behind her yelled at him. Taking Luna’s hand the girl smiled. “Come sit with us. He won’t mess with you when you're with us.”
“Punk he will not do that. He wants to know about you. For better and for worst. Isn’t that right?” Bucky smiled knowing he was right.
She nodded and leaned into his neck sniffling.
Tony pulled her onto the couch in her room and held her hand tight. “You know how proud I am of you, and how much I love you right?”
“Violet, Peter listen. Go tell the waiters that your Papa is having a panic attack to have them get everyone out of there seats and to the front car that we will pay for everyone to go again.”
“I understand.” Luna looked down at the sand and cried. “I’m sorry. I don’t even know how I got involved. I’m so sorry.”
“When you see your fathers die two different times everything hurts double the pain. I came back here after I knew Peter was taken care of and came a different timeline and acted. I took myself away to China and raised her to fight to save Peter. When we grow up we become part of the Avengers and I can’t fight, but my powers are imaginative.” She laughed softly and looked up at them finally making eye contact with her parents. “She was never in the red room. I just trained her to say that. I knew Nat wouldn’t leave her at S.H.I.E.L.D. if she said the red room. For the past forty-three years, I have been planning everything.”
“I guess you can,” Steve told her. “We can have Aunt Nat watch you.”
Tony leaned into Steve as they walked into the living room. There sat the other three of their friends.
He walked over to the walls and pulled everything down smashing them into the floor. Screaming louder and louder until he was at the last picture on the wall. It was a recent picture of them with the twins at the Make A Wish fundraiser. Tony held the frame close and sank down the wall gripping the frame close crying more tears. “Steve, why him?!”
“Hi, all of you. Come on in. Sorry if things are a mess we just came back from England.” Tony told them and walked into the house with everyone behind them. “This is my husband, Steve and are friends. Sam, Rhodey, and Bucky. Since we are just talking shop you probably won’t meet screaming beauty.”
“No one can. Come on your making a scene.” Clint told him and pulled Tony to his feet. “You need coffee, and to sit back up in the waiting room.”
“Was it a girl or a boy you were picturing?” Steve asked.
Steve nodded and sank down to his knees holding his head in hands. He left his twins. That’s all he could think about. Was that he LEFT his twins on the train.
“Babe, we need to talk,” Steve told him and put his hand on top of his knee.
Clint looked at Tony who already began talking. Clint knew he couldn’t say anything since he was out of his Hawkeye uniform. “We all lost things and people. Including us. Captain Steve Rogers and I have lost our home and we are hoping not to lose our children. We are sorry for everyone's losses. Just know we are in the same boat. And Stark Industries will be paying for all medical and rebuildings for everyone affected.”
“IT IS!” Tony screamed at him. “I couldn’t be loved by you! You left me for Bucky! If I could have been Bucky life would have been better. If I never got you pregnant we wouldn’t be in this mess! It would have been better if they were your kids with Bucky. I’m nothing. I’m not worthy of love. I hate that you had to show me that I’m nothing, but an ass. An unloveable ass.”
“Yes, sir,”
Steve and Tony, in his wheelchair, watched Luna that week talking and interacting with Peter during the move. Peter came every day to help unpack everything and smiled when Luna would walk out of the room. It was obvious to anyone watching the two interact that they were head over heels for one another. Natasha and Clint would snicker while Sam laughed at the two. Luna just shook her head and skipped around the compound.
Luna wasn’t given time to answer when he began to put the needle in her arm. She just sat there letting Bruce do anything he needed. Her right hand never leaving her stomach.
“Why don’t you tell me why you're really here?” Fury asked her and sat up closer to the desk.
“Then I will go talk to him and Bruce.” Steve sighed and sat on the bed rubbing her cheek. “We love you, Violet.”
“Sorry, but here I am,” Steve whispered and leaned over like he was gonna be sick. “Nat, what if she doesn’t want to see me? I told her I would come back in a week and it’s been four years now. What if she doesn’t want me?”
Taking a deep breath Luna continued hearing people sniffle in the crowd. “My favorite moment of my parents is their first argument in front of the family. Where Pops asks Dad who is he without his suit. Dad replies to him ‘Genius. Billionaire. Playboy. Philanthropist. Gay. Superhero. Father. Husband. What about you?’ Pops just smiled at him then kissed him. There are so many moments of them being sad and at the same time being loving. J-Jarvis go ahead and play the pictures you put together.”
“Tony… I-I” he started.
“Daddy, Papa I love you guys so much.” She mumbled and hugged them close. “Don’t forget about me. I’ll write all the time. I’ll see you the week before Thanksgiving for parents week.”
“He’s a stubborn pain in my ass,” Clint told Kent and handed Tony the coffee cup. “Let’s get you upstairs, please. Hey look, Nat’s calling.”
Dumbledore gave me a wish for my wedding. As long as it wasn’t evil he would grant it. After two months of being married and watching my Pops be sad, I can’t watch him anymore. So, I wrote him a letter.
Luna wore a t-shirt with the Iron-Man and Captain America symbol combined with tye-dyed red, yellow, blue and white. Her skirt was blue with white stars and Iron-Man’s mask around the bottom of the skirt. She wore a heeled boot: one red with yellow and one blue with white.
“Saved your life, Stark,” The man commanded and shoved him down stepping on top of the glass making it break into even more little pieces. “I need you to make me a bomb that will blow cities up. Understand. If you do that then I won’t kill you like a little bug you are. Get up and start working.”
“Never. You are our kid, Luna. We love you so much, Luna. I love you so much. We’re just moving among other things.” Steve whispered and pulled me into his famous bear hug. “There are so many things we need to tell you. Come lay in bed with us, Lu.”
“From the bottom of my heart… I love you…” He whispered out and laid his head forward with his arms and legs giving out from keeping him sitting straight. “Семья,” Gilbert barely whispered as his heart stopped.
All of Luna’s clothes were covered with the flour. She kept her eyes closed and kept still while Crab and Goyle kept her still. ‘Just stay quiet, it’ll be over soon’ was all she kept thinking.
“You have your own little ones to grow old with. I already did Violet's room to look like everyone’s memory. I have to go. My Peter is looking for me and he’s not the smartest tool in the shed even though he has two Nobel Peace Prizes. You raised an excellent smart boy.” Violet giggled and kissed both of their heads. “I love you and know you will love both twins.” She smiled and disappeared in thin air.
Steve sighed and pulled his family in closer. “We want to go with you, but we can’t. We have to help here and take care of your dad. You know that right?”
“Daddy wait!” Peter wiggled out of Tony’s arms and ran up to one of the female reporters. “Ma’am you took Violet's jacket and that’s called stealing. Can we please have it back? She has her dolly in the pocket that Papa gave her.”
She got up and kept walking keeping a hand on the wall. She could smell the smoke from the fire behind her. No matter how hard she tried to listen she couldn’t hear Newt’s collar ding when tapping against one another.
“Steve, I love you too,” Tony told him and pulled Steve in for a proper kiss and put his fingers through his hair.
“Miss Imagine has a concussion and shouldn’t sleep for 24 hours,” Bruce told him.
Peter walked up to the big chair shaking. He had to climb the chair since he was so small.
“Okay. Thank you so much. Truly.” Tony told her and sat down with Steve on the big couch.
Horror shot through there faces. Tony’s heart seemed to skip a beat. He knew he needed a real lawyer.
Walking to the elevator, I went down to the car and drove to the graveyard and parked in front of our father's statues. Slamming the car door I sat on the grass laying back having my body being across both of the graves.
“Who wants to watch a movie?” Tony asked and turned on Cinderella setting Peter in front of the TV. “Watch this why I go change.”
“I need a little more time…” Luna whispered and leaned into him. She was standing on top of his feet since she was no weight to him.
“You requested this song. You're too cute…” She whispered into his nape. “I love you, Peter Parker.”
“No, I can’t do that,” Steve told him. “She needs us. Tony she already had bad cuts on her legs. She’s bleeding.”
Once everyone was in the limo happy drove them to Lower Manhattan to the Make a Wish Foundation fundraiser. They had asked every superhero and celebrity who was available to come to join and give to the foundation. Since Tony helped find this foundation and Bruce did research for it they were both told by Pepper to make appearances.
Steve picked up the paper and began to read: “Nick Fury. You might not know me, but I know you from my timeline. My parents always told us if we were in trouble to come to you. So, that’s what I’m doing with my daughter. I was kidnapped by some aliens in the year 2061. I woke up pregnant and alone in China. I had my daughter and survived in the wilderness. That’s when I found out she has extraordinary powers. I can’t raise her to be who she can be since my powers have been taken away. I love her with all of my heart. Please take care of her and raise her to be the women I hope she can be. Violet Evergarden was born on March 7th, 2003. Violet, my darling. I love you. Always: V.M.R-S.”
“Okay…” She whispered and kissed the top of Newt’s head. “I’m sorry you have to work on our birthday,”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Duh, I know.”
I walked over to the door of their bedroom and slammed the door opening putting the door handle into the wall. I didn’t even go throw the door open like that. I watched as they both flinched back looking up at the door from one another’s eyes. They must have been talking before I went in. Tony was bald with an IV in his arm. I couldn’t help but tear up in front of them.
“She said that she hurt her fathers by not stopping the killers kill them at a conference in front of Peter. That she had to come back in time and fix everything so Peter had a loving family forever. That it’s my job to protect Peter.” Violet whispered and looked back at them. “She said she needed to fix things for him. That I would understand when I met Peter Joseph Rogers-Stark, Tony Rogers-Stark, and Steve Rogers-Stark. Then I would find my place. Here you are. I am finding my place”
Steve looked at his son. “Behind the curtain. Now… before she wakes up you need to know she is arm-less. Both arms got taken off. She’s gonna have a hard time and I’m going to ask you this once. Please don’t act up. I need you to be an Avenger for me.”
“Tony?” Peter looked at him in tears. “She gonna be okay?”
“You are not responsible for what your mother did to you or even before that. Why did she tell you that you need to pay for her sins?” Steve asked her and kissed the top of her head.
“Who is the mother?”
Luna sat on the chair and smiled at the crowd who was laughing at her. All she could do was smile. She was going to make the best out of being here. She wanted this and to learn everything about this school as possible.
“We noticed,” Clint told him and sighed on the headset. “All of them are down. Anyone have any humans?”
Not a minute later Hawkeye was in the room. “What the hell is going on?!”
“Because she left a hard drive with us that shows proof. The only reason I asked you here was to see if you wanted custody. I know you were supposed to have twins and this is almost like having twins. If not Bruce and Natasha will be her guardians.” Nick sat back in his chair. “They thought it would solve your problem with Peter being alone.”
“You okay?” Steve asked her and smiled. He was at the door about to go into the reception hall.
- - - - - - - - - -
May got up and held Peter close sobbing into his shoulder: “I can’t wait to plan this wedding for you.”
Hermione, Harry, and Ron bumped into the shelves holding the magic balls up. The sudden jolt caused the whole room to do a chain reaction. Soon enough all of the balls were falling down breaking into a million pieces.
Jarvis laid against the driver side door bleeding out from his head shot that killed him on impact. Blood soaked into his white suit. All Tony could do was sit there and cry over the only family had left, decides Steve.
“When I brought her here she was told what to say. While I went and shoot the man that kills you two. When I go away… she will remember a loving home here with you two. I copied everything from Peter’s memories and added her in them and vise-versa. You all will remember her and this conversation.” Violet took a deep breath and sighed. “I never wanted to hurt you, dad, pops. Truly.”
Tony looked at him. “We were thinking the same thing.”
When we both started running Stark Industries we made sure everyone that lost their job with S.H.I.E.L.D. got: a home and was 100% taken care of for two years until they found another profession. After the president that made us go into hiding term ended Dr. Strange went for office and won (surprisingly, he wasn’t very liked by many). So we were allowed out in the open again, but Miss. Imagine never returned to the light of day. Spider-Man did for a year and then hid when Mary Jane came into the picture.
“I’ve got you and won’t let go,” Steve mumbled into his neck and kissed his cheek. “I’m so sorry about everything.”
“Love the way you think, Steve,” Tony told him and took his third helping. “You really do know how to cook.”
“Get back to the door!” Harry yelled.
Tony sat in the wheelchair while Steve carried it over the sand to the rock where Tony proposed. Steve understood Tony wanted to die where they began everything. They went here every anniversary to make out at the rock. They brought Luna here every birthday to carve her height into the rock. Everything happened here. This was the most magical place for the small family.
“Alright. If that’s what you want,” Tony whispered and kissed the top of my head.
“I missed all of you guys,” Luna whispered into her chest.
“Guess that is true. Now get inside we need to chat.” Fury walked behind the group making sure no one strayed.
Luna bit her lip and stared at the bed. “Bruce, I need to be honest with you then. Though I need you to promise me you won’t tell Peter anything.”
“No, I didn’t.” She smiled and cocked her head to the one side. “Show me.”
Luna stood with the others away from the scene letting the two have their moment. Once he was gone she snapped. She sat in the sand looking at the water. Natasha walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder. “He’s gone.”
“T-that’s not short…” Peter stated and rubbed his face pushing his hair back. “I would have never known you were a guy until you said something.”
“Are babies…” Steve went onto his knees and cried.
“We can’t do that, tell her that Friday. That’s soon. We can go and watch other performances so then it doesn't look like we are there for her.” Tony smiled. “We can make out in the back if we get bored.”
Luna smiled and kissed his finger. “Tony… daddy?”
“Stop fighting you two!” Steve yelled and slammed his fist on the table glaring at each of them.
Tony closed his eyes letting the sun hit him. He woke up when he heard a plane coming close. Tony jumped up and started waving down the plane. “I’m here! Over here!” He screamed and ran after the plane as far as he could until he fell into the sand from dehydration.
Bucky took a deep breath and spoke to him trying his best not to break down upset with him. “Steve… it’s been four years since that day. There is so much that you’ve missed. I’m so sorry, Steve. I wanted to tell you because there’s something going on…”
‘See everything’ Luna thought and held her arms tight to her chest sighing. She didn’t want them to think of her any less than they already did, but she can’t see anything past three feet. Since her last doctors visit she has had only 30% of her eyesight. Wich keeps sinking farther down into the ocean.
Steve picked up Peter and ran into the elevator playing the game with them. Peter squealed as they rode the elevator up to the house. “Papa I hear daddy!” Peter squealed and ran into the kitchen once the doors open.
“Always,” Steve told him and leaned over and kissed him softly. “Thank you for sobering up,”
Twenty-five more minutes. I kept my eye on the clock all day waiting for it to say 9 a.m. when the train comes into the station. I have taken hits from Draco all month about my muggle parents and now the time has come for them to visit. I haven’t slept since the night he took me and made a ‘cake’ out of me. Though no one has noticed. I send my parents letters every day, but it’s not the same thing as talking to them.
“Found Loki and he is such a cry baby. We are trying to figure out how to close the wormhole.” Dr. Strange told him.
Steve spoke and looked over at the rest of the heroes, “We had to protect them, but it looks like the cat is out of the bag. You two need to decide what we do with the schools. Please, do not tell anyone about this.”
“Good morning everyone,” Tony smiled and sat at the head of the table looking at the Avengers. “We have a lot of things to talk about this morning.”
“Hey what’s shakin’ bacon?” Tony asked him and rubbed his chest where the arc reactor sat.
“Yes please,” Nat yelled from the living room.
“Did you miss Peter while you were separated?”
