“Ya, juniors usually know more than 12 year olds. My own little brother still needs me to remind him where his classes are.” Cas said laughing.
Castiel didn’t really like school, this wasn’t because he was bad at school or anything. Castiel was actually very good in class and could easily recall any information that he learned, no the problem was the students. Everywhere Castiel went he was bombarded by people that wanted to be friends with him because he was a Novak. Of course Castiel knew that they only cared that he had money and nothing more. That's why when Castiel’s parents told him that they were moving to Kansas he was happy, it meant that he could get away from all of fake friends and meet people he actually liked. The one problem though was that Castiel was a junior, everybody else his age already had a friend group and probably didn’t trust him sense he was from the famous Novak family.
“Castiel,” she repeated quietly. “I’ll remember.”
“Most people are justified in trusting their family with things like that,” Jody responded. “It is understandable that you wanted to trust yours. Still,” she flipped back and forth between pages “kidnapping, forgery, fraud, larceny, blackmail. I wouldn’t trust yours to tell me the time of day.”
He gathered his energy, focused on opening his eyes. It seemed like it took ages for his eyelids to open enough to see anything at all. At first only movement. That resolved itself into shaking, then moving. He could see trees moving past his window. Why was there a window? He didn’t remember a window when he was last awake. Slowly he tried to move his neck to get a better view. He was not in bed. He was in a car. He turned his head another inch and could see a leg in his peripheral vision. Another inch. An arm. A familiar one. He forced himself to turn just a little more. He had to see the face. And then there it was.
“And ruin the show?” Miller chuckled as he shook his head. “You couldn’t stop me before, and you can’t stop me now.”
“What else did he say?”
He had other words he meant to say, but Cas was now advancing on him, grabbing his favorite flannel into his fist, and walking him back against the wall opposite his door.
“Is that a fire? That’s a FIRE!” he heard himself say on auto-pilot.
He ran his fingers through his hair, then focused on the camera directly.
He had no idea if Cas had cried. He hadn’t been able to make himself look at him. He’d kept his eyes on his own shoes, on the road, on his car. Anywhere but Cas.
Cas was starting to get frustrated, and the growls were getting more real, and that was soo working for Dean. The third time Castiel had him pinned against the wall, Dean couldn’t hold back a moan.
Quick epilogue, just because I couldn't let go of this scene, in the end.
Torn between the need to run to Dean, and the fear driving him to run to his mother and somehow stop her from retaliating, his legs resolved the conflict by simply refusing to move.
Castiel reached for the TV remote, pushed two buttons at the same time, and the bookshelf in the back of the room moved, revealing a hidden shelter. They ended up sitting in the man cave, watching a movie, and then it was time for bed.
“ETA 5 minutes.”
“My job here is very important. And in order to do it, I need to maintain a certain image. I’ll fill you in on all the details later, but what you need to know now is, nobody here knows that we know each other. For the time being, it would be best if they didn’t find out.”
“I can’t work there after what they asked me to do. And besides, you’re right, you know. Most of the time, we just come in and clean up the mess and find someone to punish. I can’t remember the last time we actually saved someone before you came in.”
Dean sat up straighter. Dropped his fork for a moment and reached for Castiel’s hand on the table.
“If you want to tell me about it, at some point, I’ll be here to listen,” and having given him an opening, Cas waited for Dean to decide where the conversation was going next.
Donna smiled.
“Maybe I was drunker than I thought I was.”
“Why does it matter where she’s located?” and “Why is what they wear significant?”
He was getting warmed up now, and Cas was still waiting, his expression still focused, but more relaxed now, as if he liked what he was hearing.
“Did you think you could just waltz into a rebel base and blend in? What are you doing here?” Han paused a moment and then rephrased. “What did you do?”
“I hope I didn’t scare you. It won’t happen again.”
“Sammy, I gotta go.”
“Maybe. Might be too far away for much detail, but we can do better than this, anyway.”
In the moment of uncertainty, Dean moved. Before Cas knew what was happening, they were on the floor, each trying to pin the other down on the mat. Dean gained the upper hand, straddled Cas and held onto his shoulders.
Sam, bless him, worked to fill in the silence.
“I may have asked Sam to check in with us before he goes to bed.”
That’s how they still were, locked in each other’s grip, when the next song started.
“Shit!”
“What do you mean?”
“Go ahead, you know you want to.”
He should have known better than to try to relax around so many people, though, even if they were going to be in the darkness of a movie theater. He had hoped that the movie score would drown out the sounds of the people around him, the light on the screen would blind him to what they were all doing, and the action movie would be engaging enough to keep his focus on the screen. It had worked before. He thought it would work again.
“I suppose now’s as good a time as ever to show you the panic room.”
“Dean…” he hesitated, clearly lost.
“Has he seen the movies?” Charlie was asking, as Dean’s laughter stuttered to a stop.
Dean’s hand shaped itself into an “I love you” and Castiel’s returned “I know.”
Feeling a bit sorry for Megan, Donna joined the fray.
“When I saw that picture,” Dean explained, “two things happened. One, I realized how very nicely you clean up. The way it fits, the way you looked, standing there like the world was your plaything… hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“He’s got another meeting in his office in about 10 minutes.”
“This is an awfully big house for just you, isn’t it?”
He thought he’d have until dinner, if he “lost track of time” working to get ready for his first class.
“The question is, what are they doing and where are they doing it?”
“And yet you can’t help wanting every moment. Clinging to it, rejoicing in it. Being grateful for whatever you can get. Even though it’s broken, or maybe you’re breaking it, holding on too hard. Even though it’s not enough,” Dean finished the thought.
“Where is Legal when you need them? Are we sure Megan called them?” Dean chimed in.
“It’s a date,” Frank had responded. And Dr. Sexy had beamed in response, all light and happiness. And then he’d frozen there for a second, as if he’d just seen something over Frank’s shoulder. He shook his head, and with a much smaller smile turned partially around.
He did a lot of things with the rest of his afternoon. Then he landed on Dean’s doorstep with pizza and did a lot of things with his evening. Most of them considerably more fun than the afternoon’s activities. What he did not do, however, was talk about his meeting with the captain. That was a conversation they would need to have, but it could wait. He stretched out on Dean’s sofa. They watched Episode VI, laughed about his costume and made plans and made plans for Comic Con.
“Tests came back. He’s negative. I just signed his release.”
I had not intended this to be its own chapter, but I felt like we've been waiting for it so long that it deserved some special attention. Enjoy!
“It’s odd, standing here, where all those people died. 400 years. That’s the difference between life and death. 400 years ago, they would have killed me too.”
Should he have picked up Dean
“Are we eating it now? I mean, I thought we would eat it after practice, since everyone probably already had breakfast.”
“Larceny, actually. We have evidence that you have been taking a very large chunk of your son’s paycheck since he graduated and started working here. By all accounts, given what we’ve uncovered, Castiel paid back his loans in full about 3 years ago. Everything you’ve taken after that would be unlawfully taken.”
“Come on, Cas. You’re the most selfless guy I know. Self-interest, really? Helping me is your idea of self-interest?”
“Hello, Michael. Do come in,” Dean cut in. “Don’t worry, you’re not interrupting anything. Just waiting on a call from Legal.”
Knowing he wasn’t likely to go back to sleep like this, he went to the bathroom and started going through his morning routine. This was stupid. It was early, he was still tired. He had thought after last night they were past this separate room nonsense.
The eyes were all on him again.
that I wanted to rip that suit off you and take you apart piece by piece until you were begging for it,” He took another step closer. “And then bend you over that desk until your hair was the train wreck I missed so much. Until you looked like
“We should record it. For my channel. When I played the original, people seemed really interested in hearing the new version. It would be a great way to start getting noticed. And to get some feedback on our sound.”
“I received a message from our guy in Eden. There’s a problem with your omega.”
He couldn’t make himself speak. He was probably freaking Cas out but he couldn’t think about that right now because internally, he was freaking out. Okay, so – definitely not as straight as he’d led himself to believe then. His mouth had to be open. Was his mouth open? It felt dry, the way mouths feel when they’ve been open for a while.
It was halfway through Wednesday, about 16 hours after the service for Brown and 40 hours after the search was ended, that the call came in.
“You had us worried, just up and disappearing like that overnight,” Garth’s smile dropped for a moment. “There were all kinds of rumors at school. The tamest version involved an alien abduction. Some of us were worried you might have been murdered or something. It didn’t seem like you to just up and disappear.”
They all knew this was it. They nodded at each other with a satisfied smile, and Kevin took the paper he’d been using to record their ideas and crumpled it up.
“Should I take that as a yes?” Cas checked.
Benny, of course, couldn’t believe the gall of the small thing showing up and interrupting his pitch, and soon everybody was talking at once, Benny and Donna making demands while Megan just tried to calm everyone down. To her credit, nobody came out of any office, so it was probably true that they were all in some meeting. The other assistant (Michael’s?) came to Megan’s rescue, leaving the rest of the lobby unattended.
He was suddenly holding the remote and stopped the music before kissing Dean senseless. And well, if he did that mostly to distract Dean from the memories that had just been dredged up, well… there was some self-interest in there too.
Dean shuffled without getting up from where he was sitting against a corner.
He sighed. He wet the toothbrush, and movement in his peripheral drew his eyes back to the mirror. Cas was standing right outside the door. How long? What had he heard?
But Dean was reaching out now, looking to him for an answer. And well, Cas wasn’t really sure what the question was, but if there was a chance that it might in fact be what he’d thought he’d heard, well… He wasn’t about to say no. So he reached back, and let Dean lead him to the edge of the bed. He sat down, awkwardly asking himself if he should do something about the towel, but as he couldn’t quite decide if he should try to hold it discreetly closed or let it drop, he just let it settle its own fate. And speaking of fate.
“You gotta warm the pie up first. Let it bring out all the subtle flavors and textures.”
This was never a good way to start a conversation. Dean made himself take a deep breath. Was this the part where Cas finally let him have it for running away like he did? Running a con on him? He deserved it, he knew that. But he wasn’t sure he could take it right now.
“A lot? What - what do you mean?”
He backed up the video until he was looking at a clear shot of the guy. It was too far away to see much detail, but maybe it could be zoomed and enhanced or whatever magic the lab could work here. Or failing that, Charlie. The lab followed rules and procedures. Charlie – well, she worked in mysterious ways.
Dean’s eyebrow shot up.
“I couldn’t be happier with the way things turned out,” Cas continued, “but I still don’t know what upset you in the first place. Whatever I did or didn’t do, Dean – I don’t want it to happen again.”
It took another couple of beers, but eventually Cas seemed to find something he wanted to sing, and he stepped up.
Dean knew he was getting the bare bones here and was torn between making himself fill in the gaps and leaving it there. It was clear enough, right? He glanced over to Cas, who was watching them carefully. Sam made a move to leave, and Dean held him there another moment, not really knowing what to say, but feeling like he should say something.
“Oh my god–”
That’s why one evening after a hunt Sam found himself handcuffed to the motel bed with his legs locked behind Dean's head, while Dean passionately had his way with him. Sam may have been the stronger one, but Dean had a talent for tying him up and filling him to the brim. It was like his ass was made for Dean’s cock.
“Hey!” Claire glared at them.
patreon.com/sarasaurusrex
“And then...” Gabriel smirked dangerously.
Castiel chuckled. As if on cue there they heard a loud thud from upstairs. “Cute, but crazy,” he said.
“Come to me.” Castiel commanded.
“I’m serious,” he said, slurring slightly. “I just wanted to keep you safe. You and your family. You should have never found out about the ghosts… or me.”
“Mr. Bishop was away, right? A business trip?”
“I’m not talking about my knee, Cas,” Dean leaned forward. “I’m not talking about the ghosts or the demon or any of that. I’m not even talking about not trusting me when you didn’t know who I was.”
Castiel raised his brows.
Castiel coughed again. He looked up at Mortimer in surprise.
Sam walked wobbly-legged back to the car. He kept trying to adjust the cage in his pants, but it was useless. He got into the car and sank into the seat. It was almost five in the morning. Dean was probably awake and wondering where the hell Sam and the car were. Sam checked the obvious hickey marks in the Impala’s rear view mirror. Not even his coat collar covered them. Sam tried patting his hair down around it but gave up. He had no idea how he was going to explain himself, and get through a five hour car ride while wearing a cage.
Garth looked at Dean. Dean’s surprise was drowned by Meg’s cheer. Despite weighing much less than them, Meg attempted to drag them both into Castiel’s waiting room.
Suddenly, a crazy idea occurred to him that made his heart leap—maybe it wasn’t the house Dean was interested in. No, Castiel calmed himself. He couldn’t let himself think like that. Dean was too young for him. Too attractive, even.
“Ninety-five.”
Sam sat up and stretched. He looked like he had a hangover. Crowley was beyond impressed. He took Sam by the chin and kissed him.
Mrs. Bishop raised the hammer again, but she froze. Charley watched in shock as she began to rise up into the air. Realization struck her and she began repeating the exorcism, but it was too late. Flames erupted around her and began consuming her clothes. She flew like a swan to the ceiling, her face contorted and her voice gone. The wall caught fire with incredible speed—It was as if it were alive, seeking out the walls and ceiling with malicious intent. Mr. Bishop was still smiling wide. Suddenly, he turned to look at Charley, his yellow eyes flickering in the firelight.
“It’s not a prank, idiot!”
“You have a grenade launcher?” Gabe was suddenly gawking at Dean.
Castiel’s smile returned.
Dean frowned and gave up. “You… are a dick!”
“Guys, I know this is stressful,” he said carefully, “but if we can just try to be kind for the rest of the week, we’ll all get used to the house and everything will get back to normal.”
Sam took a sharp breath, looking between them. “Mhm. Uh, hm.” His expression fell. Finally he found his voice and said, “Nope, not touching this. Goodnight.” He strode past Castiel and disappeared down the hall.
The next few seconds were a haze. Dean was hit so hard by arousal that he forgot he’d been stabbed, and Ketch called him a few names that Dean would have to borrow Sam’s British phrasebook to look up. It didn’t really matter what he said, though. He tipped Dean’s head back onto the table and kissed him so hard he could taste the cardamom on the back of his tongue.
As they talked, a thought occurred to Castiel. Admittedly it was one that had been visiting him all afternoon. He looked at Dean, his smile fading slowly.
Dean’s eyes fell back down to the tips of that scratchy, bold writing, backed by a Union Jack Flag faded into Ketch’s skin. His V lines pointed right to it, making Dean assume it stopped right above his cock. Probably the only place a stuffy British private school for serial killers wouldn’t look. It was actually kind of hot. Ketch’s skin was beaded with sweat from the fight, and Dean licked his lips like he was trying to taste the smell on the air.
After a few trembling moments they were both motionless and panting on the couch, their ears ringing. Sam reached up and uncuffed Dean. Dean’s arms fell limply beside him on the couch, still impaled on Sam’s lap. Sam bent down and scooped Dean up so Dean was sitting up on him. Dean draped his arms over Sam’s shoulders and rested his forehead on his. Sam smiled fondly and relaxed. When Dean finally opened his eyes, he looked drunk.
Castiel looked like he was contemplating his answer. He knew it wasn’t going to be what Dean anticipated. He’d been married to two women, afterall. The truth was that Castiel had never actually slept with a man at all. But… “Well,” Castiel said, “Meg and I…” he paused, smiling slightly at the look on Dean’s face.
Rowenazar
Dean kissed him again, and this time Castiel kissed back. It was a slow, lingering kiss. The sound filled the silence like water lapping against the shoreline. Castiel could have sat forever in that silence, but guilt was beginning to creep into him. Dean was so very warm. But it was his duty to protect Dean, more so now than ever before, so when the kiss broke Cas asked again, more persistent this time, "Dean?"
Officer Mills had arrived and was hurrying over to them.
Dean’s duffel bag was under the kitchen table and Dean was casually examining the wall opposite the staircase.
Dean stared at him closely, then pulled out his phone.
Garth cleared his throat. “Hey Meg,” he knelt in front of her, “I saw a vending machine back there. Want to go eat a bunch of candy?”
“About a year later, a new family moved in and tried to remodel the kitchen…” Dean stopped. He must have told this story a hundred times, yet he couldn’t get it out this time. Castiel was holding up better than Dean thought, but Dean felt like he was poisoning him. Guilt filled him like physical pain, and it took a great effort to get out the final words. “...they found one of the kids in the wall.”
On the floor of the hallway were blackened footprints. They came from the shadowy corner of the hallway, shuffling and dragging towards Dean, and stopped right at the back of his heels. Dean backed up and looked around wildly. He heard another shout from outside. He hurriedly snapped a picture of the footprints and ran downstairs, cold sweat dripping down the back of his shirt.
Sam made an incoherent noise.
“Where’s dad?” Jack asked.
He couldn’t see Castiel’s face, but the obvious pause in his preparations gave Dean a second wind.
Garth swallowed. “Rooibos. And we’re doing ginger this week.”
Castiel did as she said. Once he was naked he leaned forward to kiss Meg’s neck. She put her arms around him while Castiel groped her bare skin.
“Yeah. We know,” Claire said.
“So then, what? He came by just to say hi? What did he want?”
“I can’t… I can’t keep me eyes open.” He admitted. “So I’m going to sleep. You’re going to give me a few hours, and then...”
The adult Meg lifted her arm and Mrs. Bishop was hurled back into the fire. Flames went out all around Meg, irradiated by her light. She was creating a path for them to escape.
Sam shivered. This was the biggest toy yet, and it reached all the too-good-to-handle places. He listened as Dean pulled away from his cock and took something off the throne. Sam swallowed apprehensively.
Sam smiled softly, “Hm?”
“You should have been in class!”
Dean moaned and keened on the floor, screwing up his expression. He came harder than he’d ever done in his life. The sensation seeped into his every nerve and, being unable to clench, it reverberated like a shock-wave, endless and severe, through every inch of his body. Dean was lost in pleasure.
Castiel was lying in bed reading by lamplight. He’d been texting his eldest son, Jack, about visiting over the weekend. Jack was excited to see the new house all set up. He had wanted to come by sooner, but it was his first week back at college and Castiel wanted him focused on his studies. It wasn’t as if the house was going anywhere.
Dean thrashed his head to the side, but he kept quiet. Cain smiled.
Teasing
Castiel paused, looking at the glass. “We don’t. Does it taste funny?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean grit his teeth and Sam did it again, almost tickling down his treasure trail. Dean could feel himself full of Sam’s cum, warming him just above Sam’s hands.
Sam could feel how wet Dean was. His lower stomach was already coated with precome. He twisted his grip over Dean’s head, then slid down and stroked up again, like Dean liked. Dean whined.
“You have?” Castiel asked.
“God has left the building, Sammy.”
By Sunday morning Castiel was exhausted. It was already eight o’clock, but he felt like he could’ve slept for another six hours. He decided to close his eyes for just a minute. He was dozing off again when a loud sound from downstairs woke him instantly.
Their conversation was brief, but it was enough consent for Dean. Dean broke. His grip on Sam loosened and Sam took that as his cue.
“I don’t get to speak with you nearly as much anymore.”
Sam’s body went limp on Gabriel’s lap and Gabriel slowed his efforts. He licked him lazily, taking advantage of Sam’s post-orgasm sensitively to give him a little extra pleasure. He licked him teasingly, tracing his fingertips up the underside of Sam’s pleasantly throbbing cock. Sam seemed unable to make sound, but his muscles kept shuddering and releasing. Finally he lowered Sam back onto the bed and sat up. Sam looked so gorgeous ruffled up and undone, and all from Gabriel’s tongue. He got a rush of pride and slid his hands up Sam’s spent body possessively.
He nodded grimly. “There was a house fire and she didn’t make it. She spent her last moments getting Sammy, my little brother, out of the burning room. My dad tried to save her but… well, he couldn’t. It broke him. He was never the same after that. Became a real dick. Drank a lot,” Dean said gruffly. “I just about raised Sam myself. Hell, I carried him out of the fire.”
“It’s been hard,” Castiel finally said, and he felt his eyes stinging. A well of emotion began to stir unexpectedly in him, and he took another sip of tequila. The burning warmth was comforting.
Trapped somewhere between waking and dreaming, Dean groaned softly into his arm. The rain was so relaxing, and Dean was so very comfortable, and yet, he began to move. He rubbed his hips into the mattress below him, sighing gently. He was having a very good dream.
Despite being in a new house, there was one thing that hadn’t changed at all: the annual back-to-school nerves. Dinner that night was a distracted affair. Claire was sulking, Gabe kept letting off his energy by pestering everybody, which made Charley overly controlling, which made Claire even more irritated. Even Meg had decided that she no longer liked purple carrots—the ones she had picked herself at the store—and wanted pizza again.
Sheriff Mills clasped Castiel’s shoulder, wiping her eyes. She was speechless.
The fireworks in Castiel’s stomach erupted throughout his entire body, and from the way Dean’s hands jumped to Castiel’s face he knew Dean was feeling them, too. Within seconds they were kissing each other like teenagers. A few magnets fell to the floor, unnoticed by either of them as they made out against the fridge.
“F...fuck, Cas!” Sam’s eyes fluttered shut as Castiel kept pushing.
Dean didn't respond.
Dean set the rifle down slowly. “It’s okay, it’s okay, I was just…”
“Hey guys! Have you been taking good care of Felix?”
The boys stopped in front of them. All three were staring beadily at Charley. The one in the middle was thickset and had a small, nasty smile. “Are you really doing your essay already? You know it’s not due for two weeks, right?” He mocked, his voice low enough to avoid detection by the librarian across the room.
The tip of the cane dragged down Dean’s cock.
The city of Wichita was a bustling community in south central Kansas. Even in the middle of the chilly September night, the city was aglow with warmth and light. Nestled alongside the Little Arkansas River sat St. Francis Hospital, rising up over a block of medical buildings.
"No...no, I promise!"
Sam rolled his eyes. “Whatever.” He set his laptop on his knees, deciding it would be easier to humor Dean than fight. “Listen to this. Another body dropped this morning and the authorities are saying...” Sam stopped again, glancing over his shoulder. Dean was draping a heavy comforter over Sam’s shoulders. “Uh… Dean?”
Ketch had found them olive oil and, after some quick self-prep that Ketch was keen to watch, Dean was sliding down on his cock, thighs straining and body bursting with pleasure.
. Finally, it hit him. Castiel hadn’t moved at all during that kiss. He’d just stood there in a daze, temporarily forgetting how to move and, more importantly, how to kiss someone back.
“No way,” one of the boys interrupted them.
Castiel got up and moved to a more comfortable chair away from the table. He was resigned to make some noise, but it hadn't disturbed Dean. Castiel let his gaze linger on Dean for a second, then turned to his wings.
Afterward, Sam slept like he was dead. He’d passed out still knotted inside Dean, who jerked off a few more times, getting pleasure from being claimed by Sammy even while he slept. Dean just prayed their dad wouldn’t chose that moment to come home.
Castiel, Jack, Charley, Gabe, Claire, and Meg all stood together, watching the firefighters extinguish the house in silence. The acrid smell of death seemed to spread over the entire town. It was a terrible smell, but no one on the street was turning away from it. In fact, neighbors were looking over at Castiel’s family and speaking in relieved voices. Mortimer gave him a rare smile.
Still, Sam’s cock was even bigger than Dean remembered. If he hadn’t been starting his heat, he wasn’t sure if his body would have been able to take all of it. Dean was wet and perfectly pliable for Sam’s cock, and every inch of pain was drowned out by miles of overwhelming pleasure.
Charley furrowed his brow. “Go away,” he said shortly, not wanting to start a fight with Gabe nearby.
“Sam… Sammy...” Dean murmured. It was the sweetest sound Sam had ever heard. With one more stroke and drag down his prostate, Dean was coming onto his chest. Dean groaned shamelessly, filling the bunker with the broken sound. He felt Sam’s hips come to a shuddering halt inside him. After a few more deep jerks, Sam’s own orgasm was filling Dean up. Dean groaned and heard Sam mirror him. Dean loved every second of it.
“You were human enough to escape that trap,” Castiel replied simply. “This is working, Dean.”
“Sam, no.” Castiel panted.
Dean frowned. He could see the photograph of Castiel and Meg in his head, beaming at the camera. “I’m so sorry Cas.”
Dean grabbed the sheets to ground himself as Gabriel fucked his brains into outer space. His cock filled him unbelievably well, stirring all the pleasure spots Dean never knew he had. He was so thick and wet, and he glided right into Dean like he was made for this. Dean’s whole body felt electrified. Gabriel put his hands on Dean’s hips and Dean lifted his butt up for him.
He wanted to call Dean. With every swig he took he wanted to call Dean that much harder. Just to cry and beg for forgiveness, mostly. He didn’t deserve it, but Dean didn’t deserve this silence and he could think of nothing else he could say. But the only thing worse than putting Dean through all this would be putting him through all this and then getting him arrested anyway. No contact was part of the deal. He couldn’t risk it. And so he took another swig and cried harder and tortured himself listening to Dean’s increasingly confused and hurt messages.
Cas sat back with a derisive smirk.
“Make sure someone covers my morning class. I’ll be back by lunch.”
“I’ve got a place just off campus, if you ever want to just crash there. You know, finals week or something. It’s only a studio, but It will have a nice big pull-out sofa you’re welcome to surf.”
“I’m going to walk up and check things out,” he told the others.
Cas reached across the table to gently squeeze his hand, and Dean acknowledged the move with a half smile.
The awkward silence that followed that casual statement was thick enough that nobody wanted to touch it. Garth stepped back. Cas took a few steps forward, shrugging it all off.
“Which is why I’m not asking for a whole team. Just me. Charlie intends to attend, so I can go with her, in costume. To all appearances just another convention attendee. Spend a morning or a day checking out the place, see if there is anything to substantiate the tip.”
“We should convert your old bedroom into a workout room,” was suggested half-way through the third episode, and as the food coma had receded enough, they disentangled themselves from each other and the blanket and climbed up the stairs. They set the bed aside and shuffled the rest of the furniture into the walk-in closets.
“Why can’t he see, Dean? I think that’s the key.”
Dean pointed a finger squarely at his chest, taking a step forward.
He pointed at the papers she hadn’t touched yet.
He watched Dean stiffen and hesitate. Cas hated ruining the mood, but more than that he hated not knowing what had upset Dean the night before.
Mike ordered two rainbow shots, one for each of them. Only as it turned out a rainbow jello shot was actually 6 shots of different colors. They didn’t taste at all like molecules, and by the time he was done with all of them it was some time later and Cas was in a much better mood. They had him turning around to watch the dancing, a big smile on his face.
“I watched a few of your videos last night, and you were playing something. The same tune, every time. I didn’t recognize it.’ Benny had thrown out.
That was the worst, now that he thought about it. They didn’t fight. He’d dropped his nuke with his fake careless attitude, and Cas had simply stood there and let it hit him. And then he’d walked away without the slightest resistance. Dean had prepared for a fight. He didn’t know what to do with the silence.
“No grenade launchers in the house,” Castiel said sternly, but there was a smile in his eyes.
Everyone, including Charley, laughed.
Dean chewed slowly, not feeling like answering. Garth waited until Ellen brought them their beers before speaking.
Gabriel worked his hips expertly, giving Dean all the stroking, rubbing stimulation while still fucking him deep. It felt like he was making love to his very soul. Dean realized he probably was, and wanted to laugh. But he couldn’t. It felt like his nerves were exploding with white hot pleasure, making his whole body throb in ecstasy. Gabriel’s cock curved into him, soaking him in wave after wave of familiar yet entirely new satisfaction. It felt like it went on for hours.
Sam gave him a dangerously flirtatious look and began unbuckling his pants.
For the first time in hours, Dean got up. Castiel expected him to go to the kitchen (he hadn't eaten anything greasy in far too long) and anticipated a moment to himself, but Dean didn't leave the room. He walked over to Castiel.
Kaia had said it so plainly and with such certainty that Claire couldn’t think of a comeback. Instead she asked, “Well, what’s the difference between a demon and a ghost?”
“Alright,” Castiel said shakily, putting a hand on Gabe’s shoulder. “Alright, let’s just…”
“Then don’t.”
“A seriously… fucked up… asshole...”
Somehow, Castiel understood. "You want me to fuck you," he said, his voice breathlessly blunt.
Sam's body felt like it would burst with pleasure. The lack of oxygen made his muscles tighten, forcing his orgasm into every nerve, his brain light enough to float away, until finally Dean relaxed and eased out of Sam’s throat. Sam wouldn’t have even noticed if the sudden influx of air didn’t make him gasp reflexively.
“What can I say? I’m a chick-magnet,” Dean winked at him.
Sam watched him anxiously. His pajama pants were no match for the erection beginning to form against Dean’s hips, and he knew Dean could feel it.
Castiel sighed. He should call him. Or maybe just send a text. But who was Dean Winchester? Had it all been a lie? Could he even trust him? Was he just another ‘Ghostfacers’ trying to get in to see the place where the Bishop family all died?
Clothing Sharing, fucking on the job, Dean tops then bottoms, Sam is so done
Dean could tell Castiel wanted to give him the option of refusing, but he didn’t refuse. He let Meg lead him and Garth into the empty waiting room. There was an awkward silence as Castiel entered behind them, a silence Meg was filling seamlessly with chatter.
Meg nodded tearfully, “Yeah.”
Dean’s gruff expression became skeptical.
Sam comes home from a hunt and Castiel can’t resist his smell. For SPN Bingo.
“Dad!” Charley breathed, kneeling down. Gabe was trying to spray the fire around them with his water gun.
“But you saw it, too!”
Meg giggled. The boys made gross faces.
He should have known Dean was only there because of the house. He was no different than those two teenagers on his property when he first moved in. He was a fool to think otherwise. There was a reason no one else had come by to welcome his family. He should have anticipated this. Afterall, Castiel knew what he was getting into when he bought 525 Elmwood.
Castiel opened his eyes—They were as blue as a warm summer sky. Castiel reached up and wiped a stray tear from under Dean's thick eyelashes. "Don’t be.”
“We…” He slurred, “Are doing that again.”
While the kids slept Castiel and Jack began making phone calls to insurance companies, schools, and Castiel’s clients. Jack decided to talk a week off of school to help out. Castiel initially refused, then conceded to it as long Jack attended his online classes. Then they took shifts watching over the kids so they could both get a few hours sleep. Their rest didn’t last long. Castiel got a phone call at eight o'clock and stepped into the hallway to answer it.
Dean hadn't noticed. He'd was already dismantling a second gun.
“Could have fooled me,” Dean said contentedly. When he was finished, Castiel rinsed the washcloth in the sink before rejoining Dean on the bed.
Dean had never let Sam dominate him like that. He didn’t know why, but he just wasn’t comfortable with it. Sam understood and never pressed it, but sometimes he’d say things like, “You don’t have to be the big brother all the time.” or “You carry too much on your shoulders, you know that?” and it would piss Dean off. He knew what Sam’s intentions were good, but he didn’t like thinking about it.
Without warning Castiel stood up, lifting Dean with shocking ease. Dean felt a jolt of arousal as he was handled like a rag doll. He grabbed Castiel’s jaw and the kiss turned fiery.
Sam seemed to realize Dean’s plan and he groaned in response, clutching the couch arm above his head. “Oh, f...fuck, yeah...”
Dean grinned. “Alright then.” He cleared his throat, as if he was starting a lesson. “First thing you need to know about ghosts—they can’t touch salt. If you put salt by your doors and windows, they can’t come in.”
A smile tugged at Castiel’s lips. He licked his lips and joined Dean on the bed. Dean grinned.
When Castiel opened the front door he was relieved to see a very real person standing there. Granted, if Castiel hadn’t seen his neighbor from across the street a few times already, he might have indeed thought it was a ghost rather than a person. His neighbor was tall and thin with a pale, gaunt face and dark yet alert eyes. His black hair was swept back, giving him a hawk-like appearance. Castiel thought he looked like an undertaker.
“Fuck! Fuck yeah!” Dean cursed.
Sex Pollen!Castiel, Top/Dom Castiel, First Time Destiel, Grace Bondage, Multiple Orgasms, Forced Orgasm, Grace Orgasm, Grace Healing, Fluffy ending, Rowena calls bullshit
“Be still,” Cain commanded.
“That guy gives me the creeps,” Garth said.
clothes.
Castiel sighed. He sat down opposite Dean, barely looking him in the eye. “Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Yeah! Felix is huge!” Meg said.
“I thought… I thought I saw something.” Claire squinted into the shady green leaves that separated their yard from the walking trail.
Gabriel bit back a little laugh, and it drove Dean crazy. He glared at him dangerously, his mind racing.
"The missing campers were there,” Dean said quietly, “Well, half of them, anyway. All dead, except one. The wendigo was eating her."
Seemingly oblivious to the awkward silence, the Ghostfacers began spreading all their stuff out on Castiel’s table and giving instructions to one another.
“Mom?” Meg whispered.
“Dude. You’re going to give yourself a heart attack.” Sam stared at him in disbelief, then looked back at a book on angels. “The closest thing I’ve found is in this book. It says this language was used by gods. We could try calling Cas.”
“I’m beginning to enjoy being proven wrong by you, Dean. You are worthy of this Mark.”
“What happened?” Castiel mumbled.
When Castiel arrived home, he didn’t pick up Meg immediately. He spent the time laying down salt at all the windows and any door they didn’t normally use. He even put some outside at the entrance to the cellar basement, which he made doubly sure was locked. Then he went inside and looked up ‘how to sage a house’.
Dean grinned through the kiss.
“You changed me, Dean,” Castiel rasped. “You made me human. Now I’m going to repay the favor, no matter the cost, because it’s worth it, Dean. You are worth it.”
“Uh-huh.” Sam said, unconvinced. “Does it say anything in there about the artifact room?”
Castiel couldn’t believe how sexy she was. She was carelessly having her way with him, soaking up all the pleasure she could from his cock. Soon he was gripping her hips and rolling his ass up to meet her. Meg smiled and picked up the pace. She began riding him into the floor, moaning shamelessly. She dragged his hands over her breasts and held them there. Castiel was in Heaven. Or maybe it was Hell – because he would have killed for another second of this.
"You know, I thought all this trickster stuff would stop if I agreed to date you," Sam muttered.
“Goddammit, Gabriel.” Sam whimpered, shifting his hips, his feet, anything to alleviate the mind-numbingly invasive sensations. Sam bit his lip, trying to keep himself still while Gabriel tongued him, but his expression said it all. He mouth was open, but he wasn’t talking about soul eaters any more. Every little flick and teasing press against his hole made Sam’s lips quiver and his breath leave him. And Gabriel knew it. Gabriel proceeded to flatten his tongue again and swirl it around Sam’s entrance.
“Don’t worry about it.” He said brusquely, “You healed me. We’re good.”
"No," Dean said a little too firmly.
detail.”
Castiel smiled sheepishly. “Hi. Uh, good morning.”
Something had caught Castiel’s eye and he did a double take. Gabe looked, too. It had happened so quickly that, despite his anger at his dad, Gabe shuffled closer to him in fright.
The empty car was tucked away between two trees, gleaming silently in the moonlight. Except, it wasn’t empty. Two silhouettes inside shifted subtly.
Dean looked up in surprise at the messy haired, trenchcoated figure of Castiel. He looked severe
“Morning,” Dean grinned.
Castiel stepped closer to Dean, looking relieved again. “Then I won’t.”
Castiel stared at him in realization. “Oh…” was all he could say.
Castiel’s eyes widened. Blinded by panic and confusion, he raced down the stairs, unlocked the front door without checking the peephole, and ran barefoot into the cool night.
Gabriel watched happily as Dean struggled to pull his pants up over his erection with one hand.
“None,” Castiel admitted. “I’ve never seen a ghost.” He paused, wondering for the first time if that was still true.
That evening, Kaia helped Claire hang her posters back up in her newly painted room. They were listening to music and talking about school. Kaia had brought some incense to help cover the lingering smell of fresh paint.
Castiel caught himself smiling. Dean really had saved the day, on more than one occasion. Plus, all of his kids liked him. Surely those were the signs of a good man, even if the local hardware store had never heard of him? Dr. Fitzgerald had vouched for him, too, and he was a pillar of the community.
this. So when Dean swallowed and said, his voice quiet but certain, "Yeah, Cas. I do," Castiel didn't hesitate.
“Did you come across anything about the night Mrs. Bishop died? Specifically, how it happened?” Castiel asked. Jack looked at him. Castiel was still thinking about Mortimer’s story and wishing he’d asked how Mrs. Bishop had committed suicide. It wasn’t sure why, but he felt like it was important.
Castiel turned to his kids who were all staring wide-eyed at the door. To Castiel’s relief, they started to grin nervously.
They had only a short time left together. Dean resented Castiel for wasting it with his avoidant ramblings, even though he knew Castiel could fix himself no easier than Dean could. They would set out in the morning to kill Dick; with or without him. Dean wasn’t sure which he wanted, which would soothe his fractured soul. Either way, he went to check on Castiel during the night like he always did.
When they returned home they set up salt all around the house—Meg insisted putting a circle around Felix’s box, which they did—then Castiel followed more WikiHow instructions on making holy water. Despite all of this, Castiel couldn’t help but feel ill-prepared. He thought of the other protective measures he’d taken and how none of them seemed to have helped thus far. If the sage hadn’t worked, would salt and holy water really do anything?
Something shifted in Castiel. He felt light. He patted Jack on the shoulder before walking back inside.
“Dean…” Castiel repeated desperately. His voice was low and rough. He sat up and leaned heavily against a storage shelf, making it creak. He took a shuddering breath, “You need to leave...”
She smiled the widest of them all. “Call me Donna.”
Castiel paused, as if suddenly wondering how he’d become their waiter, but then went back into the kitchen.
Dean felt like he was suffering from whiplash. He removed his hand. “I know,” he croaked, his voice sounding rougher than usual. “I was just checking on you.”
Castiel chuckled.
Sam moaned into Castiel’s lips. Within seconds, Castiel was stroking and kissing and fucking the cum right out of him. He orgasmed onto his chest, groaning in absolute satisfaction.
“I can tell you about them, if you’d like,” he offered.
“Sam.
Maggie gave him a disparaging look, but Ed and Harry looked impressed.
“Cas that’s...” Sam said awkwardly. “That’s not really what I meant, about the clothes...”
“All this?” He gestured around the room as he approached Sam, “All this is for you, Sam. I made this farce to teach you an important lesson. I know all about that fight you had with Dean the other day, and I thought to myself, with this alternate reality I could show them the error of their ways. I could show them that hunting is their true calling. That they were meant to fight side by side! Brothers in arms! You boys were born to play these roles, and you’ll find yourselves in it every time!”
Ketch rose a brow.
“She thinks it’s a good spirit that’s protecting the house from… from whatever killed her kids.”
“Interesting choice of words...”
“You’re… beautiful.” Castiel breathed.
Castiel smiled back. “They are. Very tired.”
Before Sam could leave the kitchen, he bumped into Castiel in the doorway. Castiel at least was clothed, but they weren't his clothes. He was wearing an old AC/DC shirt and stained jeans.
“Do you… want to have sex?”
“I’m going to milk you dry, Sam. Over. And over. And over again. And I’m never going to stop.”
Dany’s voice was back.
“It’s no trouble. Meg’s a great kid.”
“My, that’s quite an extensive vocabulary you’ve got.”
“Right.” Castiel sighed, “Well, just… be careful.” He looked away from her.
Castiel’s voice sounded choked again, and Dean looked at him despite himself. He watched Castiel’s shoulder rise and fall as he took a deep breath.
! You can contact me there for story requests as well. I'm also opening up art commissions on
Gabe was the first to speak. “It’s a ghost! There was a ghost in the hallway.”
Dean stared at Sam. Sam was trying, and failing, to hold back a grin. Finally, Dean cracked a smile, “Yeah. I know.”
Dean and Garth laughed.
Inside the house, Castiel and Jack were sitting in the living room with Meg. They had managed to calm her down and she was sitting on Jack’s lap, her fist clenched around the sleeve of Castiel’s shirt. Castiel was still shaking.
Garth stared in shock. He and Charley both released Jack, who sprinted up the lawn. Firefighters followed after him, and they all converged on Castiel and Dean who were blackened with soot but alive.
Meg shrugged, deeply engrossed in her work.
“What?” Sam asked reflexively.
"You told me you were hunting…" Castiel was starting to sound annoyed now, but Dean cut him off.
Castiel looked at him curiously.
He got to ten, then stifled another shout as Cane left a red line on across his nipple. After a few more hits, both of Dean’s nipples were reddened and puckered. Dean cursed internally for feeling so good. His whole body was vibrating with heavy pleasure.
“Cas that’s...” Sam started, “That’s not really what I meant...”
Dean took a step back. He was looking at Castiel apprehensively. Castiel didn’t understand.
Sam was one leg off the couch when Dean swung around the corner.
“No,” Castiel said. “People pass away every day, everywhere, it doesn’t mean a place is haunted.” He gave Dean a subtle look. He could tell his kids felt relieved, but there was still hesitancy in their expressions. “Remember when you used to visit me and your mom at the hospital?” Castiel said gently. “It wasn’t haunted there, right?”
“Don’t… don’t apologize,” he said, still grinning slightly. “Of all the people to blow me off after sex… you’re only the one with a legitimate excuse.” Then he leaned forward and said, “Cuz, if you didn’t notice… you were being haunted.”
Jack looked back at the house in fright. Charley, Gabe, Claire, and Meg were all huddled together in their pajamas on the sidewalk. They stared at their house as it burned, illuminating the entire town of Derby. Felix poked his head out of Charley’s shirt, smelling the air with his tongue.
Seconds passed. They felt like hours to Dean.
Even though Dean knew he was an Archangel, his strength in that situation surprised Dean. He made an embarrassing little noise, but Gabriel gratefully ignored it. He kept toying with his nipples and stroking him, making Dean lose it his piece by piece.
Sam was on his knees in the bunker's dungeon, his hands cuffed behind his back and Dean dragging a thick leather collar into place around his neck. Dean's hands were as coarse as the leather, and they took their sweet time maneuvering the cold metal clasp into place, finding every opportunity to rub and touch Sam's bared neck.
“Shut up.”
Sam made a small noise in the back of his throat, “I, uh... I’m not sure I’m the best person to help you with that. I mean, I am his brother.” He gave him an apologetic smile.
“Then what do you want from me?” Dean slurred.
Dean swallowed. “Absolutely.”
“...yes?”
“What do you think?” Jack asked.
Lubricant seeped out of Sam with every thrust, creating a mess at Castiel’s scuffed knees. Castiel’s soft grunts and groans rang clear in the tall ceilinged room, but Sam’s voice echoed. He shouted and begged in pleasure, and Castiel couldn’t tell if it was Meg or Sam anymore. He didn’t know what was sexier – the fact that Meg was so into this, or the fact that Sam was.
“What’s happening?” Gabe asked, holding his water gun close.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Crowley snapped.
“Morning, Cas.”
“No problem,” Dean said. He resumed working as Castiel left down the hall.
Sam, Dean, Balthazar, and the demon turned their heads towards the door.
“Oh my god,” Claire said incredulously, “Seriously. There is no g…”
"Really? On the table?" Sam demanded blindly.
“You know, archangels aren’t like other angels. We’re hard wired with the need to... progress our kind. Yet...” Gabriel sighed, “As with all of dad’s creations, their deepest, most instinctual drives are the ones most forbidden. Kind of a double-bind, huh?”
There was a plea in Castiel’s voice, a plea for Dean to look at him, so Dean did. He glared at Castiel, but it was a glare of grief. It was such a human expression that Castiel was relieved to see it. He smiled, despite the ache in his heart, and said, “I love you.”
Castiel gave him a small smile. There were so many things he wanted to say. So much time to make up for. But as Dean pulled him close, Castiel knew that somehow, everything would be okay.
Inspired by boredom, Dean slipped roguishly out of his chair and disappeared under the table. Sam was so absorbed in his research that he hadn’t noticed—until he felt Dean undoing his jeans.
Despite everything that had happened at the hands of his father, the thought of John gave him strength enough to look at Castiel. Or maybe he just wanted to punish himself further. Either way, when his hazy green eyes met Castiel's blue seas, Castiel reached up and touched Dean's arm. Castiel hadn’t moved since Dean started talking. He’d barely said a word. But it seemed that Castiel was finally unable to stand by while Dean suffered alone.
“Well,” Castiel said, “I did some research. We can use salt and iron to fend it off, but we’ll have to get more. A lot more. And we might have to call in a specialist.”
“Dean…” Castiel pleaded. “Come back later. Please. I…”
Castiel smiled slightly. “I was talking to Einstein.”
Sam laughed. “Unbelievable.”
Castiel hadn’t heard from or seen Garth since he spoke to Dean on Thursday. He supposed that was for the best. Thinking of either of them, especially Dean, made Castiel's already dispirited heart ache. The only thing keeping him together was his children, yet he could tell that both Jack and Charley were worried about him.
Dean’s own words coming out of Castiel’s mouth softened Dean’s expression. He sighed and crossed the room, sitting down beside Castiel. Castiel forgot how warm humans were.
Curious, Castiel looked through the kitchen window and spotted the patrol car parked a block away. It did make him feel a bit better, even if he knew you couldn’t shoot a ghost, but then he glanced down the other block and saw a different car parked on the street. It wasn’t a cop car. Castiel almost ignored it, until he realized it looked incredibly familiar.
During sex, Castiel had to be really horny to take the lead, but he always took what he wanted from Sam’s mouth. Sam loved it. Castiel guided Sam’s head up and down, the water splashing around his face. Sam closed his eyes. Soon he was full out, getting face-fucked by Castiel in the bath. Sam’s face and hair were soaked, and his erection was jutting shamelessly in the water.
Castiel sent the kids outside to play as a commercial moving van pulled up with the final load of boxes. The boys ran outside, and Claire followed with a huff.
“You’re grounded…”
For the first time in a while Castiel met Dean's eye, and for a moment he thought Dean wanted to speak. Castiel waited, almost holding his breath, but Dean looked away and resumed cleaning his gun. For fear of saying the wrong thing and making Dean flee, Castiel said nothing and began tending to his other wing.
Sam looked up.
Charley and Gabe gave each other a wide-eyed look.
Sam smiled, huffing with effort of hoisting up Dean, “Don’t tell me what to do. Or I’ll gag you.”
Dean let him go to the laundry room, his expression inscrutable. Then picked up the coffee pot and began reassembling it. Castiel came out with a mop and began wiping the floor. He felt mortified again. Dean wasn’t speaking, and Castiel couldn’t help but fear what was going through Dean’s mind. Still, he felt relieved when Dean turned the sink on without issue. Dean gave him a small smile before making coffee. Castiel flushed a little, but smiled back. Once the coffee was brewing and the water was mopped up, Castiel felt calm enough to speak.
To his surprise, he felt Castiel’s hand fumbling over his own. Dean let Castiel wrap his hand around Dean’s throbbing cock, so close to complete, and the contact alone pushed him over the edge. Dean found himself rocking his hips into Castiel’s hand to finish. Once it had passed, it felt like he’d been hit by a tidal wave. He collapsed beside Castiel, who put his arm beneath Dean and pulled him close. Dean didn’t mind one bit. He lay against him while their breathing slowed and their bodies came down from that perfect high.
Gabriel watched Dean connect the dots in his head and smiled victoriously.
When Castiel could no longer pretend the polishing was making any difference, he slipped his blade into his coat. He almost dropped it for being so clean.
Sam tried to laugh, but the collar clenched around him and his eyes fell shut again. He swallowed and felt the leather press against him.
“Good morning. Thanks for coming so soon,” Castiel greeted him.
As tempted as he was to retort, he didn’t think he could handle a gag. This had already surpassed Dean’s darkest fantasies, and he wasn’t sure he could walk away from it whole if he lost all sense of control.
“I want you so bad. I want you on this floor… beneath me… writhing.”
Dean's annoyance began to fade. Castiel watched him in resignation, but when Dean refocused on Castiel his irritation had been replaced by something Castiel rarely saw—vulnerability. Dean didn't want this—he
“As soon as Sammy was old enough to start training, dad decided I was old enough to be in charge. He’d disappear for days at a time and leave us alone. And of course, he’d always tell me how I had to make sure Sammy was safe. Sometimes he’d leave us in a motel room without money and I’d have to figure out how I was going to feed my brother. And then it got worse.”
The child looked up, suddenly.
“Are we going to work out?”
Sure, recently things had been, well, stressful between them. But until Mary’s second death he would have sworn any blood oath that anyone cared to offer that Castiel was his brother. Sure, not quite like Sammy was, but that was because of history. He’d never changed Castiel’s diapers or made sure that he got his homework done and got to school. And ok, if he was being honest, he’d never asked himself what Sammy’s dic… never mind. He couldn’t even finish that sentence in his own mind. So, clearly a bit different, but still. Cas was his brother, right?
And now Sam and Castiel were exchanging a significant look, and Sam was trying not hold back a bitchface, Dean could tell. It was starting to piss him off, this nonsense. Were they ganging up on him now?
“I’ve heard. How’s the band coming along? Found a bass yet?”
“I said, officer, that
“Good morning. Cas came by and brought you some clean clothes to wear.”
“We have a situation at the mall, Cas,” he announced without preamble.
“I’m sorry I- I wasn’t there.”
“Not really, no,” Cas finally said. “Bi people are into 2 genders. Say, men and women, but maybe they’re into manly men and girly girls and nothing in between. Pan people don’t really consider gender relevant.”
“New rule time?”
But Cas and Dean were on the hood of the Impala, looking at the Milky Way in the darkness of a field somewhere. Cas was pointing out all his favorite stars, and they were trading stories associated with those stars, and the hands between them were locked together as they curled into each other.
“Any idea what their names might be?”
“I slipped him a couple of twenties.”
“Nothing.”
His brain hadn’t exactly been doing a stellar job of things, though, so maybe it was time to just go with his gut here and see where it led. Right now, it was leading him to his knees. He had to look up to make eye contact with Cas. He thought to himself it was almost funny that of all the times Dean had prayed to him over the years, he’d never done it on his knees. It felt a bit like surrendering, even if he didn’t quite know what he was surrendering, or maybe what he was surrendering to.
“Well, word is that the organizers have been getting a lot of hate mail. No real threat that they could take to the cops, but seriously ugly stuff. And she’s worried that there’s going to be trouble this year. I get the feeling she wants me to go.”
Dean turned back to his room, hanging on to that smile to float him until he could spend some time with Cas later. Who could ever see him like this and be afraid of Cas? Honestly, how stupid did you have to be?
They moaned into the kiss at the contact, and suddenly the kiss turned hotter, hands started roaming, sliding under t-shirts, searching.
Cas raised the hand not holding his guitar in what he hoped was a conciliatory “I’m just saying” sort of move but probably came off as more of a passive-aggressive “how did you not see that” instead.
The garage disappeared then, and Cas was sitting by himself in his apartment again.
“Which is why it’s so important that I cultivate a certain public image.”
“Do you even know who
He ran his hand through his hair, a sort of desperate chuckle escaping him in the process.
And sure, Charlie might have launched on a detailed explanation of why the trigger was actually a bad analogy here, but Dean was already looking around.
Dean smiled for a moment. Better than he’d felt in a long time. But he’d decided, back in Eden, sitting with his back to the warm rock, that if he had another shot at this, he wouldn’t push it. So he let the alpha’s familiar scent relax him, and coached himself to take it nice and easy. Let Cas set the tone, here.
“Zep songs, uh? Did you know our dad gave our mom a mixtape of Zep songs before they got married? It’s practically a Winchester tradition.”
“Detective Novak has left the building,” he pronounced.
“Let’s sit down.”
“How many times have we done that, Cas? Fought some monster, back-to-back. You with your blade, me with the shotgun, or a catana, with armies of monsters coming at us?”
“Here, let me,” and Charlie walks right up like she’s got plans to R2-D2 in her back pocket, knocks gently on a couple of spots, and with a nod, goes to work on a hidden panel on the side of the droid.
“That should be easy enough to find.”
“Was I supposed to keep count? I lost track somewhere around a lot.”
“You too, Sammy?”
They were in the kitchen, cooking together as they did most evenings, an easy companionship taking the edge off the earlier tension. It was still there, in the background, but less demanding. It felt like the evening before a heavy thunderstorm, the air filled with anticipation and static, but cool. They laughed together like a soothing breeze that made the wait bearable, and yet they knew they wouldn’t be able to breathe freely until the storm broke.
Dean’s sheepish smile said he hadn’t known that was an option. His eyes added he wanted to.
The good news was, she was a gossip at heart, and even though she tried valiantly to hold back, she forgot herself often and it was easy to keep her talking despite her best efforts to move them along. The bad news was, she wasn’t saying anything useful.
“Let’s go home, Cas,” Dean finally rumbled.
“I’m not making you do anything, Dean. However…” and here he dropped his voice significantly. “I will make it worth your while if you do.”
“Alpha…” he whimpered.
“What?”
He grabbed all the cash he could get his hands on, debated taking the cards, then decided to take only his own debit card. He was going to try to do this without his dad’s cards. Like an adult. He’d just go until he ran out of money, and then he’d come back home and make some hard decisions.
“He said he got banished. For killing a man.”
Dean gripped his toothbrush like it was a blade, turned around and marched across to Castiel’s bedroom like an avenging angel ready for battle. The sad and lonely scent that greeted him stopped him cold as soon as the door opened and he kicked himself yet again for all the times he’d insisted that he couldn’t feel happy and safe without his own room. Gods, he was an idiot.
Dean had taken to coming to this spot every day since he went for a walk and found it. It was a bit secluded, which was nice, but not so secluded that if he were to break a leg or something he wouldn’t be found. The pups liked to play near this spot. Far enough away that Dean didn’t have to worry about flying objects or excessive noise, but close enough the sound of their laughter traveled to him every now and then.
“Like in the first movie or…”
“No, Dean. How are you
Cas toyed with the markers as he examined the map. Assuming this call was about misdirection… Someone wanted them busy at the coastline. So whatever they were trying to draw attention away from was likely some distance away. But how much distance? He hesitated between eliminating too much from consideration (thereby missing something important) and not narrowing it down enough (and therefore ending up with nothing useful).
Nobody had moved, but they were, in fact, looking and it wasn’t until Castiel tugged slightly at his arm, that he started to move again. Right past everyone and into an interrogation room. Mostly out of habit, Castiel settled Dean into a chair and excused himself to go gather the relevant files. He didn’t need them, exactly. But it was procedure, such as it was. He’d leave his witness in there for a few more minutes than he had to, watch them through the two-way mirror in the tiny adjacent room for a reaction of some kind.
He paused for effect and then, his tone cool as ice, said all he was going to say on the matter.
“Yeah, that’s him. Does he go around doing this kind of thing a lot?”
He knew something was up before the music started because Cas prefaced the song.
“He’s been in love before, he’s tried to have relationships, but it always ends the same way. Alone. He knows how this will end up.”
“Do I get my own office?” Dean started. “Is there a company car?” And now he winked before teasing “Do I get to lock us into your office after work on Wednesday afternoons and bend you over your desk?”
“People were starting to look at us weird in there,” Dean explained.
On day 2 he was not going to settle for just footwork. When Cas lunged, Dean was there, dodging, spinning, and getting his hands on Cas. Practicing counters, of course. That’s all. Just practicing some basic moves to effectively stop an attacker getting his hands on him. By pinning the attacker’s arm behind his back, maybe. And if he was clumsy enough to sometimes end up pressed right up into Cas in the process, well… that’s why he needed practice.
They were lined up to get some Sundaes after spending an hour or two at the arcade, when Dean started looking around.
He looked into Dean’s eyes then.
“You don’t need this for evidence, right?”
“For real?” Garth checked.
He nuzzled into Castiel’s arm for a moment by way of a response.
She seemed a bit stunned by his quick withdrawal, and clearly thinking that she must have confused him, made one last effort to drive her point home.
He took a deep breath, buried his nose in Castiel’s neck for a moment, felt the warmth of his body against his own.
the omega, and the omega
Dean’s smile turned bitter for half a heartbeat.
“Yeah. You nagged me into going around the block and a truck crashed into the wall right where I’d been parked.”
In this case, he didn’t really feel that it was necessary. There was no mystery here. They knew what Dean
“I get it, Sammy.”
Megan’s smile was on the strained side of professional by now, but she reluctantly got up and took the basket into one of the offices behind her. First door on the left, they noted.
Again, he didn’t. He stepped further into the room, afraid he’d lose his nerve if he hesitated even for a second.
“Yeah,” he hesitated “I’m going to go out on a limb now and guess you want to hear it.”
“Uh uh. So explain that look.”
“This is a complicated word. It’s a word of praise, but more than that, gratitude, acceptance, submission. He’s grateful for what he gives and for giving it, even if it’s rejected and it hurts. He expects it to be rejected. He expects it to hurt. He gives it anyway, happily.”
It actually got stuck there, repeating the question over and over like a record that’s skipping.
“It won’t work.” he smirked “The princess is alerting the alliance generals as we speak and in another moment there will be an entire fleet of rebel ships waiting for you outside. What did you do?”
“I’ve been thinking and - ”
“I’m sorry, Cas. I’m so sorry.”
“I’m not talking about your caseload, Castiel,” and that snapped his full attention back to Benny. “I mean
And then he started to sing.
“Good evening, sir,” the man hesitated, clearly uncertain. Cas did not.
Michael stood up taller and turned to face Dean squarely.
He made himself rest, made himself stop thinking about the nurse, and instead focus on going home with Cas. What would it be like, this home? Would they eat together? They couldn’t very well get to know each other better if they didn’t hang out, right?
But Castiel had no time to waste right now, and he wasn’t going to sit here and hash this out with the old man.
Careful to avoid the bandaged arm, Castiel removed the blanket, and the monitors Dean was attached to. He grabbed the IV drip from the hook and set it on Dean’s chest. A nurse started fussing around him, trying to undo what he’d just done.
“Not really, but it’s nice when you like the same things, Cas.”
Castiel’s eyes flew to the notes he’s been making, and then to the original interview report. Both times she had indicated that she lived alone.
Dean shakes his head, not knowing what else to do.
“Trust me, you’ll get the message. Everyone will.”
“Fair point,” Dean conceded. “Plus it would be great for little brother needling purposes.”
He stepped away from the cameras, his focus changing from trying to find something on the screen to trying to get trough to somebody in this place.
”Be serious.”
“Sure, guess we have time for a quick one.”
, but for a guy who is so good at playing a part out there” she tilted her head in the general direction he expected the outside world to be in “in here, when he’s not playing a part, it’s really not so hard sometimes to see right through him.”
“Summer is pretty much open, but I’m starting some classes at KCKCC in the Fall. And I’ll be a TA, so once classes start, I’ll have less time. Were you thinking weekends?”
He vaguely registered that Cas said something about getting a beer and gave them some privacy. Sam, eyes maybe a bit mistier than they usually were, sat up straighter.
“Sure, Cas. Whatever you say. Getting into my pants years down the road if I finally got my head out of my ass was definitely your motivation.”
He felt Castiel’s lips curl against the side of his neck.
“It does seem relevant to me, as well, Sam. But maybe that’s a debate for the bi and pan to work out for themselves. I’m gay myself, so I don’t really feel like my opinion is relevant.”
He wanted to feel like he could reach out and touch Dean without wondering if he was being tolerated because he was in charge in the situation they were in. Like he could hang out without having to keep things professional. Like he could stop hiding the way his eyes wanted to drift to Dean all the time. The way he wanted to get Dean talking about something he was passionate about and just bask in the attention.
“Nobody is pressing charges. But you know calling in a bomb threat is against the law, right? Even if there is no bomb.”
“I do.”
? Like cake decorating?”
When he found his way to Salem, and shot his video at Gallows Hill, it all snowballed. He’d spoken, for the first time.
“Paper. Rock covers paper,” he tossed out.
“You were sick, Dean. It was my turn to be there for you. I almost - ” he swallowed hard, shook his head and changed course. “I think we’re even on that one.”
They had turned the corner and walked half-way to the entrance when Leia stopped cold.
When the first notes started to fill the air, Cas smirked and warned:
there are so many others. Feel free to share your own song ideas in the comments, I'll admit I'm wildly curious about what songs you would have chosen.
“What were you listening to?”
He made himself put down the marker and opened up his social media. What were people saying about this online? Apparently, he decided after a couple of hours of searching various hashtags on 3 different platforms, a lot of ugly things. Somehow it has escaped the notice of a lot of people that there had always been messages in these stories. Messages they had ignored for decades. And when those messages had recently become more explicit, some people had lost their minds.
“Dean? Are you okay? Should I get Sam?”
“Taylor Swift? You’re making me listen to Taylor Swift?”
“I’m good.” Charlie agreed.
Dean scrambled for the tape cover and found only one note. Not surprisingly, it was “Playing Tombstone”. Man, that had been a fun time all around. No wonder it was Castiel’s favorite memory. Dean was pretty sure it was one of his too.
“Fine,” and he took a deep breath. “I just had a bad fight with Lisa, that’s all.”
“Megan? I love that. Thank you, Megan, you’re very helpful.” she flirted.
“Why do we do that, you think?”
“I guess it must have been pretty obvious to you when I walked into your predicament that day that I had a giant crush on you. I – You know, I don’t even really know why I went there? Anyway, you were in trouble, and I got you out of there, and I wondered after if you’d felt… obligated, I suppose. There were meant to be no strings attached, but I wasn’t sure you’d know that, all things considered. I wasn’t exactly on my best behavior,” he glanced at Dean’s neck, clearly thinking of the mating bite he’d left there without permission.
And Dean was off like a shot, down the hallway and to Castiel’s door. He hesitated for a moment at a door. What would he say? What if Cas was getting ready to go out now? He almost turned around, then made himself stop, take a deep breath and knock on the door.
Cas was studying the beer bottle in his hand as if the answer was inside somewhere.
“But wouldn’t he know he was doing it? How could he not know?”
“Good! He’s nice enough, but I bet Cas is a better date.”
“Deal,” and he sealed it with a desperate kiss.
“And what? Girly? Weak?”
“What?” Cas insisted. “What’s so funny, Dean?”
“I’m not going to say I’m never wrong,” he gave a half smile. “This one time, I thought a guy was getting ready to mug me and he was just checking me out. We dated a bit, but it didn’t work out and we ended up becoming good friends. But that was my anxiety reading too much into something that seemed odd, miscalculating. This kind of thing-“ he pointed to the picture “is something else entirely. There is no calculation to get wrong. Just an alarm going off. And that has never been wrong yet.”
“Sorry, I didn’t expect you to be in here yet. I was going to leave a note on your desk.”
“Dean!”
“That makes sense,” Cas agreed. “Are you dressing up?”
The other hand made its way to the back of Castiel’s neck and up to bury itself in his hair. And now Dean finally closed the distance, lips barely brushing against Cas.
“Are you hurt? What were you doing out this late?”
“I think most people understand that sometimes sacrifices have to be made, but they don’t want to be the ones making them. So they worship the kinds of sacrifices that could never be asked of them because they’re not the son of god, or a billionaire, or some kind of special talent. Those who sacrifice things they themselves don’t have for sacrificing. But when the sacrifice is within their reach, well…”
“Thank you, Dean.”
Cas dropped his head back then and laughed in a way he’d never heard Castiel laugh before. He sounded angry instead of amused.
“Cas?”
"When do you expect this meeting to end?” Jody scribbled in her notepad, as if this was all critical information.
When Castiel came looking for Dean after work, he found him in a contemplative, and somewhat somber, mood. Unsure what to make of it, Cas kept his tone light and his smile beaming.
“8 o’clock. Doctor’s orders.”
“We’ll catch it later, Sammy.”
Dean took the tape and flipped it over to read the track list.
“What if you’re alone with a big…” he was almost at the omega’s back now, “scary... pushy alpha,” he moved closer, making a big show of smelling the omega, who was now beginning to move, into what appeared to be a deferential position.
“There are no gay bars in Lebanon.”
“This song, what is it?”
But Dean didn’t want to talk. Not now, anyway. Later. They could talk later. He nibbled gently at Castiel’s neck.
“The probation is over in a couple of weeks. Your documents had a different date on them. You altered the documents, or someone did, on your behalf. That’s tampering.”
“I’ve got some ideas. Take a week off for starters. There’s time to think it through.”
“What’s she worried about?” Cas wanted to know.
The guy just laughed (what was his name again?) and waved vaguely at the radio like he was telling Cas to have at it. He started flipping through stations, adjusting the volume here and there, until he found one with music he liked.
“In the chart, maybe.” Dean snorted.
“I was your shield, first. Then your tool. Your friend. Your family. Everything I am now… everything I’ll ever be, is somehow connected to you.”
attracted to a man and
“I gave it some thought and it occurs to me that it’s simpler than we have been fearing. Neither one of us really knows how this is supposed to work, and we’ve been worried about it, trying to figure it out, and feeling like abject failures because we don’t really understand what’s expected of us. And I venture to add that the parts we do understand are often in conflict with what we want out of life.”
They made short work of the bed, then looked around at the empty space.
“Good morning.”
Once upon a time, when he still had a life of sorts, he had played the guitar. Was even in a garage band with some friends in high school. He was sure for about a summer that they were going to be rock stars and he would put Sammy through college with his royalties and concert earnings. But that was before –
“Cas?”
“Yes, please.” Cas remembered to say, and Dean chuckled again, stepping out himself, and getting into the back.
Normally Dean would say something about how when you go to college you’re supposed to go and get drunk on Friday nights or some such nonsense. He’d always wanted more than anything for Sam to be normal. Even in the somewhat unhealthy ways of normal people. But he was watching teens help a kid, and remembering all the times he (and Cas) had helped Sam figure out things. Riding a bike. Tying his shoes. Throwing a punch.
He ate some proper soup this time, walked around some more, and went back to sleep, not quite as exhausted as he’d been earlier.
Maybe nobody said it, but there were a few people who could verify loving Dean Winchester was hard. Still, he could learn. What else was he gonna do with his time? Now that he wasn’t rushing off to save the world every other day, he could take some time to take care of his family, learn more about Cas, go on a freaking date. Maybe even take care of himself. Ditch the self-destructive habits. Learn to use his words. Eat a vegetable maybe, at least on top of his cheeseburger. Stick to reasonable amounts of beer. Dare he think it? He might even take up jogging. He had to stay in fighting shape somehow, and that was something he and Cas could do together.
“You’re obviously in distress. The last thing you need is to be alone.” Cas insisted.
“If you’re thinking food poisoning, you don’t need the bomb squad,” Cas noted.
“How about I get you some ice cream if you promise not to say anything?”
“You’re good, though. We know you can play. You still want to join?”
“I’ll read him his rights right after coffee,” Jody quipped, before sitting herself at the table where Ellen had left the large coffee pot.
“You know you’re not allowed - ”
They showed him how to operate the mp3 player and the CD player and between that and picking out songs it was dinner time before Cas had any opportunity to even think about the Uber driver, much less contemplate the possibility of calling him. Dean made everyone burgers and home fries, while Sam fixed himself a nice side salad, and they ate in the sort of companionable peace they hadn’t enjoyed in a while.
He was pacing the length of his office, his mind recapping everything he knew about Dean, and reviewing the events on the roof, trying to work out how mad Dean might be if Cas reached out to him first, and just what he might do about it. He wanted to respect Dean’s space, but this was literally the only hot potato on his plate he could do anything at all about right now, and he needed to do something.
Sam sounded deliberate, like he was also trying to avoid a downslide into another argument.
“Human sometimes have a hard time figuring themselves out.” Dean pointed out before stuffing his face again.
“I had a rainbow jello shot. It was great.”
“Well then, what are we waiting for?”
“This part is about how destructive love can be. David saw Bathsheba bathing from his roof and fell for her. A lot of horrible things happened because of that. They had an affair and she got pregnant. He got her husband killed to cover up their affair, and eventually married her. The child died. That was just the beginning. Her first husband was… a righteous man. David’s love for Bathsheba caused terrible things to happen to innocent people.”
“You’re on my side,” Dean mumbled as he went into the bathroom and placed his toothbrush next to Castiel’s. Sure, technically, he didn’t have a side, and Cas was in the middle anyway. But it didn’t really matter. Cas could stay where he was and Dean would go back to his room, or he could move over, and Dean was moving in. It was that simple.
Dean tried to look casual, kept his eyes on the tablecloth he was folding.
“He’s probably not even seeing him right now. Just remembering when Nurse Jean first arrived, or that girl he bumped into in the hallway.”
Images of making out in the back seat of that sweet ride took away what breath he had recovered by now.
“It’s a bit thin, Novak.”
They had a workable chorus after a while, the notes they’d gotten from Garth covered in layers of additional notes, crossed out lines, a different color for every draft until the notes were too messy to continue to be useful until they were cleaned up. Garth brought a box of donuts from where he’d stashed them in the kitchen, and everyone sat to touch base on where they were and where they were going.
“No occasion,” Cas answered. “Just thought since I bragged about my mean apple pie, I’d bring one for everyone to enjoy.”
Castiel went to the sink to rinse out a bowl and froze, the words he’d been about to say forgotten.
So far, nobody had come up with much. There were stories, here and there. But how often did people investigate things that didn’t happen? There really wasn’t enough information to know if most of them were lucky coincidences or meaningful intervention, much less if this was their guy or just an assortment of random strangers.
This close, kissing was hard on his neck, so he nibbled gently on Castiel’s lip and headed south, tracing his way past his chin, his neck, his collarbone, until it found Castiel’s nipples exactly where he could comfortably feast on them, at mouth level.
“Assbutt,” Dean grumbled, before pulling him for a kiss.
Something in his soul howled when the scent started to change. It was still Cas, but sweeter, somehow, at first. And as he learned that scent he picked up something else. Arousal. He needed to get closer. Now. He needed to get closer now. Another whimper and now it was Cas struggling for control.
Dean took another wedge, and watched Cas finish his apple, the tension building between them as the song built as well.
“How is that even possible?”
“Text me, Cas. Even if you don’t need help with a case,” he grinned then. “Especially if you don’t need help with a case.”
“Now what, Winchester?”
Cas found himself beginning to enjoy this, on an entirely petty level.
Dean brushed his lips in the softest of kisses.
All the roaming lead to wiggling, which made all sort of small fires start up in all sorts of interesting places. Dean’s other leg went around Castiel’s other hip, Castiel’s arms locked into Dean’s shoulders as his mouth went to work on Dean’s neck, the arch he had to put into his back to reach it pushing his hips into Dean in the most delicious way.
“I can’t- I can’t do that, Dean. I have to call my Uber… my Uber driver when I sober up.”
“But at least we know who he is now, and we can discreetly keep an eye on him. If he makes a move to try again, we’ll be there to stop him.”
“I think what bothered me when I heard you say the girl was your omega and the itchy feeling are related. It’s not so much that it bothered me to hear you call her your omega when I know it’s just a line to get her away from the guard, but that it bothers me that - ”
He looked for any more roving R2-D2 models, but found only the occasional stationary cardboard cutout, and headed back to where Charlie was now bent over one of the mobile models.
“Come on, you must be starving,” Cas heard himself say as they settled back into the car. “It’s getting too late to keep going today, anyway. Dinner is on me. You earned it.”
“No bombs. In the engine compartment or anywhere else, as far as we can tell. We’re waiting for a k-9 for a final sweep, but I’m confident she’s clean. Well, let me rephrase that. I’m confident nobody planted a bomb in her. I’m also thinking she was probably going to blow anyway.”
Dean thought about it for a moment, then gave a half shrug.
Castiel bit down, the taste of Dean’s blood on his tongue driving him wild. He lifted his head and shifted his weight and he was suddenly moving inside Dean, his body wanting to claim and mark him in every possible way. He felt Dean’s hands shift on his head, guide him away from the bite, and he heard himself whimper. And then Dean’s teeth were brushing across his throat, seeking. Cas bared his own throat, as Dean had done a moment before, and then Dean’s teeth were sinking in, just as his knot was sinking into Dean, and the sensations were so thrilling together that he felt himself shudder and tense. A few more strokes, and he lost all sense of reality.
And finally, Dean was kissing him like he meant it.
“Ok, give me like, 5 minutes.”
“I wasn’t tossed out against my will. I jumped, Dean. I saw what I wanted and I picked my way carefully, at first. Trying to get closer, wanting a better look. One careful step at a time, inching my way down, not really knowing how solid the ground under my feet was. But I kept walking, feeling my way along. And then there’s a moment, Dean. The moment when you feel the ground getting unsteady and you have to choose. Do you continue, or do you back up? I didn’t know what would come of it, if we’d ever be more than hunting buddies, if you were going to die the next day even, who I’d even be when I wasn’t Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Commander of his Garrison. But I knew that I didn’t want the kind of forever where I didn’t get to find out.”
They went back down to the basement steps. At the bottom was a utility space and what appeared to be a classic man cave, complete with a pool table. The bathroom was more modest down there, but still had a shower.
“You won’t,” she shook her head dramatically, loosening one of her fake braid buns in the process. Then she leaned in a little, conspiratorially. “It’s because you’re the bad guy in this story. In the end, the bad guy always loses.”
Returning to where Cas had stopped, Dean reached for his hand.
“I’d say that sounds like unlawful confinement of someone against their will, wouldn’t you?”
“That is absurd! He was in town at least 24 hours after I left.”
Dean shot him a glare that would have cowed a lesser man.
“Nah. More like a hell, yeah.”
“Awesome,” Garth and Dean both blurted out, with wildly different meanings.
Dr. Sexy came into the room beaming. He dodged around the nurse’s station and Pam, neatly avoided getting pulled into a consult, and generally evaded potential distractions until he found himself directly in front of Frank.
“You want to tell me about that?”
He was, in fact, so busy trying to maintain a conversation that he completely failed to notice where they were going until the car stopped and he realized they were in complete darkness.
“I could. Unfortunately, I left the house in a huff cause Dean was being a dick and I didn’t grab my wallet.”
“The colors in the filling, the scent of the spices, you let them tell you what to expect, build the anticipation.”
Cas nodded and hummed his agreement.
“It’s alright, Charlie,” Cas responded. “I was just leaving.”
The wide eyes and “sorry”s that always came after the initial assumption might even be the worst part, and this kid sure was leaning into the apologies.
“You just jump into my head, dude?” Dean managed to sound offended, but he wasn’t able to hold back the immediate return of every inappropriate thought that he’d had so far about Castiel, newly introduced
Dean hummed to himself, sounding the name out in his head before repeating it back, careful to pronounce each syllable. He clapped his hands down onto his knees and stood up off of his beach towel, reaching out to shake hands. "Alright, Castiel," he drawled, "I'm Dean Winchester. Nice t'meet you."
, he thought;
Dean felt those words, felt what they meant, and that was the end of his attempts at self-preservation. If Cas had wanted for even a fraction of how long Dean had, he knew how much that ached, knew how hard it was to be this close to someone and not have their lips on your own, and Dean nodded, gasping out a “talk later,” into Castiel’s mouth as they slammed back together. He never wanted Cas to feel that cold throb of longing. Cas crowded into Dean’s space on the couch and their kiss was desperate, even more so than before now that Dean wasn't terrified he was making a mistake, no guilt holding him back from taking Castiel as his own now that he knew Cas wanted to give himself over.
Had the entire summer been an act?
“No, what I remember is you saying that you wanted to kiss me before we started a scene. I also remember you mentioning that you were at least sort of curious, perhaps interested, in my... preferences.”
Castiel seemed content to wait, his expression unchanging, his gaze heavy where it rested on Dean. The man stepped back towards the bed, sitting on the opposite end as Castiel, an
Unnoticed, Cas was able to slide down the bed enough to reach out and touch Dean’s hand, where it rested on the cheap motel bed. Castiel’s fingertips ghosted over Dean’s, coming to rest for a second while they locked eyes.
"I don't mind if you don't." Cas's voice was lowered, both in tone and volume. "I didn't know…." Castiel barely whispered the last words, and Dean pulled away, straightening up from where he had been hiding against Castiel's shoulder. "What's happening?" Cas asked the question before he even realized he opened his mouth, and Dean tensed up underneath his hands.
Dean scoffed. “Of course I want to, just thought it was more, y’know, witchy.”
Castiel's face fell from the look of amusement to one much less comforting to Dean. He looked confused, maybe shocked. Dean suddenly panicked that he was moving too quickly; obviously, the kissing didn't mean anything to Cas, maybe devastatingly smart and handsome boys who travel the country think it's entirely normal and platonic to hold hands and kiss and roll around in the sand together (and maybe even end up skinny dipping by the end of the night), that he was one in a string of left behind boys that Castiel collected.
" Cas had started. Dean didn't hear the rest of the sentence. Cas knew his parents loved him, no questions asked; it was just a given. It instilled a deep ache in Dean's heart.
It would bother him if he weren’t so used to it.
, Dean knows beyond a doubt that he would never be caught moony-eyed over Cas in some gardening store on Main Street, Small-town, USA.
His fingers maneuvered around the countless receipts shoved there over the last few days and caught on the key Dean needed.
Poker face be damned, he couldn’t help but return the smile, shaking his head to dismiss Dean’s veiled flirtation. Dean nodded as if to chalk the interaction up as a success. They were close enough to their location, some luxury club that catered to a celeb clientele. It was just a few more minutes until Cas could park up and return to his novel.
onto the hardwood floor.
One way too small hand. Fuck.
Still, regardless of which friends Dean was with, he wasn't opening up. He didn't see the point in mourning a relationship he hadn't let himself form. It was his fault, so he wasn't
He dragged them out of the exam room and into the main lobby, suddenly faced with the big bright eyes of almost every house pet Dean could imagine, all cleanly painted across the walls from floor to ceiling. He knew he would be right about the rest of the building being painted as whimsically as the hallway had been, but it was a whole other thing to be half-hard, tugged through rooms behind a stranger, and making eye contact with what appeared to be a chicken wearing a harness painted into a picnic scene with a pair of tree frogs. Before Castiel could ask why Dean had stopped dead in his tracks, the hunter's voice cut through the silence.
As if reading Castiel’s mind the way only Dean can, he reached up and threaded his fingers through Cas’s hair, holding him in place. “Yes,” Dean breathed the words impossibly soft, the noise barely reaching Castiel’s ears as permission. His other arm snaked around Cas’s waist. Castiel’s teeth scraped at the sensitive skin on Dean’s neck, his tongue following to soothe the scratch or tease or both. Dean let his head tilt to the side, granting more access, hoping Cas would take the hint and give him what he wanted; Castiel instead opted to skim his lips over the surface of Dean’s skin, just barely ghosting contact, not nearly enough to do more than raise anticipation and goosebumps.
When Castiel found himself slightly nervous by the questioning, Meg seemed to swoop in and change the subject to Ruby. The girl was content to chatter on about her interests while Cas gave Meg a small smile in thanks.
He couldn’t pull his gaze higher than the other man’s lips. Dean’s voice came out in a quiet hush, anyone other than Cas might have missed it. “I’m scared too.”
He stood up, taking a few steps towards Dean, careful to stay out of the mirror’s reflection. “Your future, Dean. Just look, over your shoulder, someone will appear there when you follow th-“
The tiny fishing outpost was just a 10-minute walk from their town, but most of the journey was along the creek, and deep into the forest. The local legends about the forest are dark, the path is rumored to be unsafe for travelers, especially the young. The worst thing Castiel ever came across was a protruding tree root that sent him hurtling to the ground, nothing otherworldly like the traditions claim, but the folktales keep his secret better than he ever could.
He didn’t have much of an explanation for his actions, especially considering his initial reaction to the coffee was the thought of how Cas would react if Dean just leaned in and licked it off his chin.
Dean let the silence hang, wanting Cas to finish if he could. When it lingered just an extra moment, Dean leaned down, bending his neck to plant a soft kiss on Castiel’s lips. “It’ll be fine, Cas, we’ll make time. We can have a code word. For if you need to talk to me or want to get away for a minute. It’ll be our little secret, that’s romantic, right?”
you a kiss, I just said I usually picture our first kiss differently.” Dean needed to stop talking, and soon. He was going to say too much and drop the Big Feelings on Cas and ruin everything. He’s saying words like usually and always, and that can get messy quickly.
“Alright, this is a little creepy, fine.” Dean gave in, his words heavy, but not slurred. Cas wished his slow drawl made more frequent appearances, and he guessed he’d have good reason to drink with Dean again. Cas smiled, entirely pleased if not a little smug that Dean had admitted he was wrong.
“Apologies. Force of habit. Is there anything you require, Dean?” Castiel repeated his original question, dropping the honorific against his professionalism’s internal pleas. Dean’s informal preferences still ruffled Cas’s feathers, contradicting protocol left and right.
Dean hooked the camera around his neck again, carefully resting the strap on his shoulder. He looked at Cas, his eyes soft, but the nervous biting of his lip showed Dean's true anxiety. "I… There's… Not many places we could go or I would… Y'know, invite you with me. But." Dean shrugged, half-assed. "Could I get your number? I… I probably should have it after four years… I'm sorry I'm an ass."
know Dean, not like he thought he did. How could Castiel plan for half a conversation when he didn't even know the person he was talking to? The longer Dean stood behind him, the less Castiel felt he could breathe.
They were thigh to thigh with their hands clasped together tight, Castiel's jeans rolled up at the bottom as they dangled their feet off the end of the pier, giggling and kissing. Dean would deny the giggling, but Castiel knew the difference between his laughs by this point. That's when they heard Bobby's footsteps approaching behind them, the sound of his step clear in the otherwise silent evening. Dean almost fell into the water with how quickly he hopped up to greet his uncle and introduce Castiel, but if Bobby noticed anything strange about the situation, it sure as hell didn't show on his face.
human in the face too. Bright blue eyes, not pitch black. A good start. A great start, if Dean’s being honest about how fucking pretty those eyes are.
-“ Cas stopped as abruptly as he started, not wanting to egg Dean on. “It’s just a thing. I don’t know, it’s bad luck if we wait.”
amount of space between them.
As the beginning of the year was unfolding, Cas realized that normal wasn't entirely awful. After a lifetime of scarce connections, quick jobs here and there, city to city, crossing state lines, that one time they'd been dragged to Dubai for the summer and Castiel had been stashed in the hotel room for weeks… Now, Castiel had been granted one normal thing, and he was going to grab on tight. He wanted to look at the clubs and events and go to dances and make friends. He had dreamed of it for years. He wouldn't let one (his only and most important) silly (it was actually quite significant to him) breakup (they hadn't even really been "dating") ruin this.
Cas moved his hand slowly, gauging Dean’s reactions. Dean just groaned impatiently and knocked Castiel’s hand away, moving down over Cas until he hovered inches over Castiel’s erection. He looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes, and Dean held that contact as he took the tip of Cas’s cock into his mouth and sucked, fluttering his eyelashes at Castiel in false innocence while he moaned at the taste.
Bobby dropped the challenge out of his eyes, and immediately Dean was filled with relief. The masculine posturing that Dean was used to with his family seemed to be foreign to Cas.
Dean thanked him, voice warm and smile warmer. It didn’t matter that it was well below freezing outside and there wasn’t heat, no amount of January frost could counteract the way Castiel felt around Dean.
“Yeah, ‘cuz you can save me from a ghost or whatever, huh?” Dean grabbed playfully at Castiel’s arms, letting him pull away. “I’ll protect
He truly had no complaints about how the night had transpired. Cas had even changed into a pair of his shorts and some old shirt that he’d had since Dean first met him. And goddamn, was Dean glad Cas had picked that one. It had likely shrunk over time, and now it rides up Cas’s smooth, tanned stomach with even the smallest of movements. Dean can never stop staring when Cas puts it on, he just covers it with a teasing ‘
He’ll blame Bobby for the sigil. He’d taught Dean that one.
He smiled and looked at Dean, still bathing underneath those beautiful prisms of light. Then, when Dean tilted his chin up towards the light to contemplate Cas's question, Castiel immediately lifted the camera and shot without a moment's regret. He wanted to capture the way the colors looked like watercolor splashes across Dean's skin, and he thought nothing of a warning. Castiel saw his shot, and he took it.
Dean ignored the way the teenager’s entire arm shook as he held out the room keys, one at a time, to each of them separately. Dunno what gave the kid the right to be so affected; Dean was the one who had been called gay. Not that there was… anything wrong with that.
Cas seemed to contemplate things; his hands clasped together in his lap.
"What's that for?" Castiel squinted at the phone in Dean's hand, and if they hadn't been texting for a few weeks, Dean might actually take his extreme confusion as proof he'd never seen a cellphone.
more than platonic when Cas leaned over his lap with his hand on Dean’s thigh for balance.
Dean thought his neighbor should work in radio. Or as an announcer, or in a call center, or frankly anywhere people would be able to revel in that voice. The man’s partner must be magic based on the choked-off moans & gasps that were steadily pouring into Dean’s bedroom.
Dean laughed, holding up his hand and wiggling his fingers. “Huh, yeah, I guess. You spend a lotta time looking at my hands?”
Cas gave Dean a quick once over, stopping at his hands where they sat on the table, fiddling with a length of string he found there. “Dean, your ring.” Cas reached out and tapped the silver band, another veiled excuse to touch his friend, sliding the jewelry dish a bit closer to him as a silent offering.
She immediately grabbed Castiel's hand, grinning wide. "How'd class go?" Charlie asked, and Castiel knew she was genuinely interested in his answer. He wasn't sure what he had done to have this stranger so willing to show him around, but he did like her so far.
Dean laughed, “Yeah, I know that much.” Dean bit his lip at the thought of Cas needing to be
Initially, when Dean noticed Cas was distracted by his arms at the diner, he wrote it off as another Cas quirk. Weird guy was probably giving him an angelic Superman x-ray or checking for carpal tunnel or some shit like that. But now? Anything was fair game. Dean wasn’t going to accept this blame. It
___________
“I know I don’t have a huge sample size to pull from, but somethin’ about the look is giving me less angel, way more hot stoner vibes,” God, he just called him hot to his face. One thing for the angel to see all his private, adrenaline-fueled thoughts and another entirely for Dean to be rendered filter-less by said angel.
“Guns,” the stranger said, stressing the plural, head tipping forwards towards the shotgun. “But, I’d prefer you tell me,
Cas pouted, the look on his face one that Dean has fallen for many times. Cas is never as unaware as he looks, and it took Dean an embarrassingly long time in their friendship to realize that. His lack of innocence still surprised him, clearly, based on the near heart attack that was caused by a single drop of wax on his friend’s back.
Castiel squinted, a quick expression that Dean recognized as Cas sizing him up, deciding how far to push him, looking straight into his goddamn soul and always knowing. He avoided answering Dean’s question directly, but still gave him the answer he was looking for. “I believe I would identify myself as a switch.”
“I am
There was a woman next to him, one arm tucked around her waist to hold her pressed against his side.
Again, he’d forgotten the mind-reading thing, but when he caught the pink flush high on Castiel’s cheekbones, he found he didn’t mind too much. The guy clearly could take Dean if he wanted to (had already, if he was honest), he could leave, he could ask Dean to stop, but all the fantasies had bought Dean was a blushing angel.
The angel continued speaking. “We
Dean always chalked it up to some sort of heaven-sent power, something that serves to draw in all of God’s children or some shit.
What Dean cared about was Castiel’s hands on his back, arms wrapped tight around him.
“I live upstairs. You’re a very loud thief.”
“I’m already going, Dean.”
, in particular, especially doctors with gravel scratched sex voice and hair that made you want to thread your fingers through it. He tore his gaze away as Castiel washed his hands methodically, distracting himself with the cartoon scene painted on the wall across from him.
“Please tell me your bedroom isn’t gonna stare at us.”
Castiel sighed. “Yes.” Dean’s face lit up immediately, and he pulled two empty shot glasses out from seemingly midair, likely just the bag. “Fine. But I cannot go home after, so I have to stay at yours if you’re going to get me drunk.” Cas grabbed the shot glasses from Dean, holding them out for Dean to pour. Maybe once he had a little to drink he could loosen up and forget his feelings about Dean for a while.
His pages burnt noticeably slower, and Dean pointed it out. “It’s 'cuz I rolled part of it real tight, like a joint, right?”
Dean and Castiel carefully clicked their glasses together, then each raised it to their lips to drink. Castiel was glad for the harsh bite of the alcohol to distract him from reading too far into any possible double meaning within Dean’s toast.
He was used to looking for Cas everywhere, searching for him in crowds, but seeing him in every single face wasn’t part of the deal. He really had to pick the one girl in the bar with a mess of dark tresses and blue eyes. Sam would tease him for having a type. Cas wouldn’t notice, would probably smile his polite smile as Dean left with her, never knowing Dean wished it was him.
a sexual relationship, Cas.
The room was small, the desk smaller, and when Dean stepped up to ask for a room, Cas joined him at the counter.
Dean took the hint and refocused his attention on the mirror in front of him. The second mirror was set up behind the table, so the reflections ricocheted back and forth, creating an eerie and never-ending tunnel. Castiel offered the lit candle again, handing it to Dean carefully.
Cas’s hips bucked into his fist, and Cas whined, a wordless plea for more, please, now. Dean let go for a moment, releasing his own length and gripping Castiel properly. He kept his eyes trained on Castiel’s face, nearly enchanted by the way he looked, his every reaction to the simplest of touches. He swiped his thumb over the head, and Castiel’s eyes fluttered shut. His movements were erratic, and Dean knew he was about to come. “Look at me, Cas, let me see,” Dean whispered, and Castiel’s eyes shot open.
Are you insane, Dean? No.”
“Not a Blick guy? No worries, I’m sure we could find you a Michael’s or somethin’. Fits better with the angel theme. But, again, I gotta do that whole sleeping thing. Human, y’know.”
Oh man, Dean immediately began to compile a mental list of the movies he
Frustration turned tantrums, confusion turned butterflies in his stomach, butterflies turned back to chaos.
Castiel however, didn’t hesitate at all, tugging his shorts and underwear all down at once, his erection freed to rest heavy on his stomach as he lay on the bed. Dean managed to tear his gaze away and take off his sweats before he let himself return to take in the sight. Cas had his head against the pillow, tilted just the right way to expose the bruises Dean had covered half his neck with. Further down, Cas had one hand absentmindedly stroking over his dick, watching Dean with the same amount of gravity.
Castiel reddened and set down the cup he held. "Fine, but I get to take one of you tonight too."
Scratch that - as soon as Dean’s next cartoonish quip popped into his head, the man against the wall slipped a foot between his, hooking around Dean’s ankle and pulling hard to the right. Dean barely had time to grapple against the move before he felt a quick elbow jab to his side that sent the knife clattering across the floor and sent the room lurching within Dean’s view. The intruder turned self-proclaimed-homeowner was apparently stronger than he looked, and frankly kinda kicked ass, but Dean has fought way worse than some scrappy hot guy.
Dean looked pleased with the change, relaxing further back into the leather seat as the light turned green and they moved forward again. “Just you, drivin’ me to the club on a Friday night as usual.” Another one of those damned smiles that set Castiel’s skin alight. “Anything a guy like me could do for you?”
Since he had lived in the same house since he was 4, and there were only enough students for a single district in the town, it meant Dean knew everyone his age and most of the younger grades as well. In turn, from his group of friends, all the way down the line to the geeky freshman crew that Sam had just started hanging around with, everyone knew Dean Winchester. During the school year, he spent his time behind a carefully constructed fortress, replacing the less favorable parts of himself with a facade that people seemed to be drawn towards.
As far as Dean knew, he might.
Dean was in love. He was absolutely sure of it, & he had just said stated it so seriously that Sam had laughed at him. Sam started in on some
Why in the world did Cas still look confused? More importantly, why hadn’t either of them moved away from their squished-together positions in the mattress dip?
Dean just continued to deny Castiel the attention he wanted, kissing and sucking at the man’s thigh, up to his hip and moving sinfully closer to Cas’s rigid length.
Castiel - and thank God for the guy, literally - bailed Dean out of his own thoughts when he rose to his feet, reaching out a hand to help Dean to rise as well. Dean took it, even though he didn’t need the support to his feet, reveling in the electric touch.
Castiel briefly wished life had gone on as normal and he could be states away from here.
A-fuckin’-mazing, Dean thought.
“Fair.”
The teacher clapped once and started class. "Alright, Mr. Winchester and friends, would you like to share your disruption with the group?"
The occasional wayward Castiel thought like that was to be expected, and Dean had long since stopped trying to reason with them and simply ignored them as best he could.
In the last row, a girl behind Cas huffed out a laugh at the teacher’s chastisement towards Dean, and he peeked over his shoulder to see who she was. He was greeted with a wicked smile paired with an adorably scrunched nose, and that was enough for Cas to decide he liked her.  He smiled back politely and turned back to the front of the classroom.
He fast forwards until the commotion starts then backs up, now that he knows what to pay attention to. It’s harder to get useful information from the interior video, the unsteady light coming from the screen the only source of lighting available. Sometimes he had a clear enough view of nothing, and sometimes the things he wanted to see were fuzzy blurs in the darkness.
He could tell Sam was nodding, even though he couldn’t see it.
Cas pulled out his notebook and started taking notes. Date, time, location. What next? General description of the suspects?
Dean swore under his breath and grabbed his guitar.
Awkwardly, he stopped, shoved his hands into his pockets and positioned himself in front of the master bedroom door.
“My boyfriend and I have been separated for some time, and I find I can’t decide while I’m so… preoccupied. Perhaps after Dean and I head back home and spend the next month or so getting reacquainted I will be in a better place to answer that question. Of course, if our time was to be interrupted in any way, I might have to press charges immediately.”
“Dean?” Cas was instantly on full alert.
The captain sat up straighter and moved things around on the desk.
“...and honestly, Dean. I can’t believe all the places he’s been.”
Not really knowing what to say to that, Dean took a big bite of his sandwich and just kept listening.
Cas kept his eyes firmly on the TV and ignored both Dean’s horrified silence and Sam’s gasp.
“I could hear you were restless. Feeling sore? That was quite a workout.”
Somehow, as embarrassingly confused as he’d been about his own needs before, he knew exactly what Dean needed. He brushed his teeth softly against the spot Dean’s hands had guided him to, teasing, asking for permission the only way he could. Dean’s hands pulled him closer, Dean’s head tilted, exposing his neck more thoroughly, arching it up to meet his teeth.
It's been a couple of months all week, so here's a short chapter (but a sweet one). Hopefully, there will be another (longer) one in a couple of days.
“So how’s Lisa?”
“Yeah, I…” he hesitated. “I got bored, walked out to maybe chat with the nurse for a bit but I couldn’t find anyone.”
Frank’s eyes widened, for a moment. He nodded and Dr Sexy scribbled his address on a prescription pad.
Once the pastries were gone and Cas had rifled through his desk for whatever he wanted to take with him, they headed out of the building, one big happy family. In the parking lot, they split up, Benny, Bobby, and Donna getting into the cruiser with Jody and heading out first. Ellen took a few minutes to hug Cas and tell him not to pull something like that again, and then dragged Sam into Charlie’s bug with her. Dean and Cas would follow after a quick stop at his apartment to pick up a few things.
“Confused?”
“You underestimate how long and how strongly I’ve been wanting to get into your pants. Maybe I’ll have to devote some time to making it clearer.”
“It is that,” Dean agreed. “But I wouldn’t be making any phone calls yet, if I were you.”
“I won’t, if you don’t let me give up again.”
“Michael is closer,” Cas added. “She might send Michael, if it doesn’t interfere with some important business, but she won’t be far behind.”
“You wanna catch me up?” Castiel asked.
“V-” Dean tries to choke out, but Castiel’s lips finally picked a place to land, and they’re currently brushing ever so softly up his neck, stealing his breath and making goosebumps break out all over the place. Dean has to clear his throat and try again.
“I’ll be there with you for all the next hunts. If you die, I’ll know exactly what happened. And I’ll find you, wherever you end up. You can’t ditch me that easily.” He smirked then, with a tilt of his adorable head. “Perks of being an angel.”
He was sorting through LPs when a notification on his phone told him a new video had been shared by Angel of Solitude. He pulled it up and there it was. It was called “No one to share it with”. Dean leaned against the cabinet he was looking through and hit play.
One word into this and he was already stuck. He took a deep breath.
“Predictable. Wonder what Miller’s buddies are getting up to downtown while all the cops are combing the beach.”
“It… brought back memories,” Sam continued. “Difficult ones. I -”
The man laughed and cranked the volume the rest of the way up, picking up speed.
“Mr. Castiel Novak, earlier you said you were coerced into returning. Coerced by what means?”
“But wouldn’t a costume like that draw a lot of attention?”
“You don’t know that.”
Apologies for the delay. Some storms knocked our internet service out for over a week, and I didn't want to do this on my phone.
“I need to do something more than just clean and cook. Something that matters outside these walls.”
“I guess I can see that,” Dean finally agreed.
“Two more steps and I was gonna need therapy,” Sam called out, not amused.
“Ah! Ha...No. Sorry, Cas, but I just...” Sam was struggling to find the words. He cleared his throat twice then said, “I try to stay out of my brother’s love life, so I really don’t know what to tell you.”
Dean swallowed a rush of debilitating arousal and nodded.
"You thought wrong," Gabriel smiled.
“So your dad doesn’t want me around anymore, huh?” Kaia asked, looking half grim, half guilty.
Castiel forced a smile. “You too, Naomi.”
Gabriel slipped under the desk and, in between a quote about soul eaters and how they lured their victims, Gabriel began sucking Sam’s dick. Sam dropped his notes.
“Dean,” he said boldly. “I meant what I said. All of it.”
Castiel was caught off guard, but he held Dean’s hand back without thinking. When he looked back up at Dean, he spotted a flush of color rising in his face. The tension in the room seemed to melt away. When Dean returned Castiel's gaze, he saw that Castiel was smiling at him. It was a startlingly human expression. Dean had never seen it before, and before he realized it Dean was smiling, too.
“By who?”
“You’re here to check the breaker… right?”
“Everything okay over there?” A man’s voice echoed from across the street.
“Dean said salt scares ghosts,” Meg said defiantly.
Castiel chuckled. It faded quickly, however. He wondered why none of the neighbors were coming by. Castiel had expected this neighborhood to be very welcoming.
From that moment on, there was an unspoken agreement between Sam and Crowley. They’d play heroes and villains by day, but at night, Sam was all Crowley’s. Sam was able to overlook his lapse in judgment because, well, the sex was just so damned good. Even Dean had noticed Sam was hunting better, looking better, and generally being way more agreeable than normal. Dean cracked jokes about Sam having a secret girlfriend, but Sam was a great liar. He didn’t mind lying to Dean as long as Crowley understood that, in time, they’d still kill him. Crowley’s response was the same every time.
“That’s great, Meg,” Castiel said. Then, “Can you make my fangs bigger?”
“Keep...keep going!” He grunted, arching up uncontrollably and twisting his fists in the sheets.
Castiel squinted at him.
Charley didn’t have any memory of it and looked confused when Castiel woke him. Shaken, Castiel walked him back to bed to let him get a bit more sleep before school.
Castiel looked back at Dean, then got up and followed the Chief of Medicine into the hallway.
“I did.” Ketch nodded breathlessly. “But olive oil breaks down latex you know.”
Ketch looked around furtively.
“I know, but I can’t. Not now.” Sam panted hotly, his expression screwing up as Dean began pumping the toy again, “Oh...h Dean.”
They hadn’t been able to find his trenchcoat, so Castiel went looking for it. It was strange, Castiel knew he was wearing it when they got back to the bunker. He went into Dean's room and found it -- on Dean.
“Mmm, yes, Samantha. I’ll bet, what you really want, more than anything, is for me to talk dirty to you for hours. And hours. I’ll bet, if I really wanted to, right here and now, I could talk you to orgasm... without even laying a finger...” He hovered a finger over Sam’s vulnerable erection, “...on your cock. Would you like that?”
A month had passed since the events of Elmwood Avenue. The destruction of number 525 seemed to have touched the lives of everyone in Derby, Kansas. The empty lot between 523 and 527 was now a memorial playground, cleansed in secret by Garth, and Castiel and his children visited it in a sort of cathartic farewell to the place where they had been terrorized, and saved. Charley had ceased sleepwalking since then and no longer dreamt of the man in the small room. Kaia’s necklace had even been recovered from the wreckage and Claire managed to return it. It seemed, at least for the time being, that everything had returned to normal. Or whatever normal the Shurley’s were accustomed to. There were a few changes to their lives, however.
In their moment of mutual silence, their gazes both fell to the door behind Sam. Room 7B.
“You told me what happened to Meg, and to Kelly. That wasn’t your fault. And as for me? I’m the one who came to your house. I’m the one who came back. That was my choice. And I’d do it again in a heartbeat,” he said strongly.
“Feel good?” He asked.
“It’s…”
“Yeah well, I’m getting tired of these prank calls,” Sam said. “I can’t believe you haven’t had one yet.”
“Thanks, Doctor.” Sam sighed.
“Dean!”
Castiel’s grip on her tightened. Meg grabbed Castiel’s tie and steered him flat on his back. His eyes widened in surprise as Meg climbed onto him and pinned his chest with one hand.
“No, but…” Gabe had started, then paused. He shared a look with Charley.
Castiel smiled. “Next time,” he promised.
Dean was more concerned with what it was going to be like with Castiel. The ride home was quiet, but Sam was in the car after-all. At the bunker, Castiel was awkward and oblivious, but that was nothing new. A couple times, Dean caught himself considering telling Castiel the truth: that it had been the best sex of his life.
Sheriffs Mills and Hanscum both arrived later in the day to check on The Shurley family. It turned out that they were right about the bones. They belonged to the two missing kids and they’d been exposed to the elements for years, suggesting they’d been cremated for a long time. As far as the Sheriffs were concerned, their biggest unsolved case was officially solved.
Dean was silent. He felt the cane drag over his collarbone as Cain walked around his front. Then the dragging, unnerving sensation vanished, replaced with another sharp slap, this time to Dean’s chest. Dean keened slightly in surprise.
Dean grinned sheepishly. “I used to make it for my brother when he wouldn’t eat.”
“No house, no ghost, right?” Dean greeted Garth.
Castiel watched Dean put the gun back together, doing everything in his power 'not to worry about it'. But he was failing. Every embarrassing moment came back to him as if someone were injecting the memories into his brain. All the times Castiel's wings failed him, how ragged they looked this past year, all the times he and Dean were alone together… Castiel may have been hard to rile up but wings were the most expressive part of an angel. Oh the frailties they had betrayed. Even now, Castiel became increasingly aware of every little breath and twitch that fluttered through his weak and pitiful plumage. Castiel's face felt hot. He could see that parrot again, whistling smugly at him.
“Sh…!”
Sam coughed and sputtered, his face red, his whole body shaking. Dean put a hand in his hair, comforting him while he swallowed down the last of his brother’s cum and took a heaving breath.
"Out!"
Sam huffed. “Why don’t you pray for Gabriel then?”
“You love the sound... of my voice. All those questionable phone calls you’ve made, asking for my help on a case when you really just want to hear me talk… I’ll bet Dean has no idea about those calls. Because I’ll bet you make them when you’re alone... so you can touch yourself while I flirt and tease you... While I tell you how I want you bound naked in my bed.”
Yeah, this was unusual, but… it was kind of nice. Dean was rarely this controlling over Sam in their daily lives. Truthfully, Sam would go crazy if he were. But it was nice to feel like he was being taken care every once in a while.
“That’s not what I’m saying. I think you should go after him. Maybe he can give us more information.”
Everyone knew that Gabriel’s appetites were insatiable. He wasn’t shy about it. Often times it took several partners at once to quench his thirsts, and he’d often go for days at a time. Sure, having a stable partner would be nice, but it wasn’t for him. It was impossible really. What single human could satisfy eons of want? Harems of boundless, imperishable energy? In other words: an Archangel?
Castiel didn’t expect to get a text back from Dean that night. It was late, and he knew he had been too rude to warrant a response. He was about to turn off the light when he heard his phone buzz on the nightstand. Castiel picked it up and smiled.
“Idiots,” Ian said. "The world is full of them, Sam.”
Castiel looked over his shoulder. A man in his late twenties wearing jeans and a t-shirt was walking up to the porch.
Castiel swallowed.
“Yes, Mr. Smith.”
Dean knew it was no use, but he raised his gun and fired. The salt round shot a hole through the figure, but it was almost instantly swallowed up by darkness. Dean didn’t bother reloading. Castiel had seized Gabe’s water gun. It was hot to the touch, but he squeezed the trigger. Holy water flew through the air and the black figure sizzled as if it were acid. It roared and vanished into the flames.
Mr. Smith was standing behind his desk looking exhausted and angry, but when he beckoned Sam inside, Sam knew at once that he wasn’t the object of Mr. Smith’s frustration. His computer looked like it had been moved around, and Sam noticed several things had been unplugged.
“Alright.” Castiel nodded. He backed up, looking anywhere but at Sam.
Dean seemed unable to fully support himself in the chair, so Castiel began fumbling with the restraints, undoing them one by one. Once Dean was freed, Castiel pulled him close and eased him onto the floor. Now completely winded, they sat on the floor together, leaning against one another, neither speaking, neither moving. The passing of time that once seemed so mercurial to Castiel was now precious. He couldn’t sense Dean’s humanity, but he didn’t need his grace for that. He could feel it in the way Dean withheld his full weight against Cas, unwilling to burden himself upon Castiel completely.
The elevator doors closed behind him and vanished into a rich, mahogany, office wall. Sam looked around and saw a familiar face eyeing him over the top of a polished office desk.
“Do you spend a lot of time there?”
“Well, I’ll give it a shot. It’s weird that it didn’t last. The compound looks fresh.”
“It’s the first day of school! You don’t do homework on the first day!” She had complained, but Castiel made her do it anyway.
“Oh? And what can you make?” she teased, rubbing her heat against his throbbing cock.
“Well,” Castiel said slowly, “I completed my residency... but then my wife, Meg, passed away. I couldn’t raise our kids spending eighty hours a week at work, so I quit and took a job as a physical therapist,” he explained, a sober expression deepening the lines of his face.
“My pleasure,” he said. “Oh, and there’s a small bottle of añejo tequila. I thought you might need a pick-me-up.”
At least the wendigo was finally dead, Dean thought. What was one burnt forearm compared to that? Hell, they even saved the girl this time. Dean would call that a win any day. He was just tired, in pain, and he'd never wanted a drink so badly in his life. He'd apologize to Sam later.
He grabbed another container of salt stashed above the stove and turned back around. His eyes just caught a small shadowy figure peering at him from the stairs before quickly walking backwards out of sight. Castiel held tight to the salt and ran towards the staircase. Fear made him want to stay still, but his anger made him reckless.
Sam’s body seized up in shock as he was suddenly hurled right to the edge of orgasm. His jaw dropped, his back arching against the rope.
Sam’s knowledge of their relationship didn’t hinder Dean or Castiel at all. In fact, after that night -- a very long night in which neither Winchester got much sleep -- Dean and Castiel stopped hiding their relationship altogether.
Dean, who was apparently a prolific multi-tasker, unbuttoned Castiel’s shirt as they made out on the bed. Castiel helped get his own shirt off, then lifted Dean’s t-shirt over his head. Dean had a necklace on, and it fell perfectly into the slight dip of his chest. Dean sat up and unbuttoned Castiel’s pants, then tugged them down his thighs. Castiel wasn’t as muscled as Dean, but he had a naturally smooth body. Dean’s eyes washed over him, making Castiel flush. He saw Dean’s ears redden, too. Then Dean moved his hands up Castiel’s hips and tugged his briefs down.
When Megan returned, Charlie waved and headed for the elevator. Donna continued to sit, to all appearances lost in a thrilling round of Candy Crush. It was about 3 hard levels later that Benny came out of the elevator, dressed in his Sunday best, and with a briefcase in his hand, demanding to see Castiel.
“Cas-”
“What do you say, Cas? Wanna give this thing a try?”
“I looked over at you, a question on the tip of my tongue. Something about how the Grand Canyon was surely deeper than this hollow, or the redwoods taller than those pines. But when I looked, I was struck speechless.”
“His name is Dennis Porter. His mom was supposed to pick him up. He’s worried about her.”
“I can’t just take someone’s kid, Dean.”
They went to sit near Benny and Donna.
Dean looked up from the sandwich he was putting together at the counter.
“Maybe. Or cover up heavy traffic noise, maybe. Like what you might get if you were calling from downtown,” Cas finally got out of the car, closing the door behind him.
“I guess she’s into LARPing and she’s working on a costume for Comic Con. She doesn’t usually go, but she’s worried this year.”
“Not necessarily.”
“No, Dean. I don’t think you’re a jerk, but you play one sometimes.”
The next time he opened his eyes, he was in a bright hospital room. He was hooked up to all kinds of monitors and there was an IV drip (again). As far as he could tell, everything looked reassuringly stable. He found that was able to move, but it was exhausting to do so. And that he was alone in the room.
They closed ranks around Dean, their glances clear enough even though nobody moved.
Sam sighed, looking at Dean as if he couldn’t quite convince himself that it was really a good idea to talk about this. It made him think of when Sammy couldn’t let go of the things he couldn’t remember and ended up breaking down the mental walls Cas has used to protect him. Yeah, this would probably not be pretty, but he needed to know. Maybe Sammy was thinking of it too because he finally seemed to make up his mind and went on.
cooking and cleaning.”
It was pretty obvious they were looking for a teenage girl, but their search came up with exactly zero teenage girls dying under mysterious circumstances involving cheerleaders within the last year. Or even going back as far as 30 years. Cas had a lot of questions.
Dr. Sexy was clearly confused. Nurse Kelly was visiting for a few days. They’d been chatting by the nurses’ station, catching up on the news, when Frank had come in to look for a chart. As he’d turned to go, he had “bumped into” Dr. Sexy, and Dr. Sexy had glanced over his shoulder. They had locked eyes for a second, both clearly moving to say something. Ya know, the way you do when you bump into someone. But they just froze there and no words came out. Probably because Kelly was still talking like a ninny. And well, the camera did that thing where it kinda zooms in and damned if the music that plays when Dr. Sexy is checking out some new babe didn’t start up.
change that if you tried.”
A smile ghosted over Castiel’s face briefly.
“These aren’t songs about particular moments in time that you might or might not remember. Just songs I saw myself in through the years. My favorites, of all the songs I saw myself in.”
She made breakfast. Took a shower. Finally gave in 13 minutes before 8. She called Ellen. Ellen called Dean, Bobby and Benny. Bobby called Jody. Dean called Sam and then Donna. Saturday breakfast at the Roadhouse was at 9.
“He wouldn’t want to know. He’d work at not knowing. Distract himself from it, keep busy with another hookup, or another patient. Maybe drink too much, tell himself it was just the booze. Just so long as he didn’t look at it too closely, it wouldn’t be real.”
He paused for a moment and then continued.
That made sense. Covered from head to foot, there was no way to get a description on this person. It could literally be any anyone over the age of 15, male or female, black or white or anywhere in between. It was in fact why Cas himself was covered in tan fur with a voice modulator of his own.
“Dean, I…”
“Not exactly. Who he is hasn’t changed. He just didn’t have all the information before. People find out new things about themselves all the time.”
Castiel had been an angel of the Lord for an eternity. In that capacity, he had seen the wonders of the universe, entire ages come and go, species evolve and go extinct. He had watched a funny little ape turn into a force that could rival god’s, for good and evil. He had also seen a lot of men on their knees, looking up at him, devotion and hope in their eyes. None of which prepared him for the sight of Dean Winchester falling to his knees in front of him. He felt the sort of hush that you can usually only feel in old cathedrals take over the small bedroom, and he gave up trying to think at all. He was here, Dean was inexplicably here, and on his knees in front of him, and there was nothing his brain could produce right now that could rival what his senses were telling him.
“This is what it’s like, you know. You call it falling. Everyone calls it falling. But a fall is something that happens to you. It’s involuntary. It’s an accident. It’s quick and unexpected and out of your control.” Cas explained. “I suppose that’s Heaven’s way of controlling the narrative. It’s perfect up here. Nobody would want to leave. If an angel is now human, well, they didn’t mean it, it just happened, it couldn’t be helped. They didn’t know that wall was there and they just fell.”
“I’m going to need a proper cowboy hat, not that cheap straw thing from Dodge City.”
“Except Lisa. And a whole lot of water under the bridge. And whatever you guys fought about before he left.”
“I guess you could say I identified strongly with Jim. Trying to figure himself out with all these voices telling him who he’s supposed to be, trying to do something meaningful with his life, not really sure what. Putting his trust in someone who turned out to be… unreliable.”
“Dean never lets me touch the radio.”
“Sounds confusing.”
The bus driver had been contacted and told to evacuate the bus immediately. He’d said something about a guy telling him to change buses a few minutes ago.  That was pretty much all they knew so far. Castiel asked for a passenger list and didn’t recognize any of the names on it. He’d have to look at that more closely later. Assuring the manager that his passengers would be on their way shortly, he went to talk to the bomb squad.
“Maybe. It would be a shame if something happened to that fried rice, wouldn’t it?”
He had ruled out the lightest blue shirts and put them away in his closet again. Those were usually the ones he wore to work, he found himself musing. Grabbing the last two shirts by their hangers, he held them up against the pants and then turned to the mirror.
“Thank you. How are you?”
“It’s a bomb, isn’t it?” Dean turned around to see that Charlie was finally off the phone and assisting Cas with the arrest. “You’re here to trigger it, probably. This place is huge, and it has a lot of security today but a couple of days ago, it would have been quiet. Much better time to plant a bomb. But where? And why didn’t you leave? Why stick around long enough to get caught?”
Pick out a costume. Something that would both provide cover and fit in with Dean and Charlie. He did not want to be a stormtrooper. And like Dean, he was too tall to be an ewok. With only a few days to go, the good costumes would probably be hard to find. He should probably do that first. He rushed out to his car, pulling up Maps and asking it to find costume stores or rentals in the area. There were only two within a reasonable distance. He found his costume at the second store. He wasn’t happy about it, but it would do the job.
“There’s no explosives in there. But something is blinking.”
He should have greeted Cas. That was stupid, of course he should have greeted Cas. Dean ran his hand through his hair and tried again, turning around to face Cas.
Tired of the whole process, he suddenly stopped, slouched in the chair and just finished with a shrug and a move towards the door.
“She probably went home, now that you’re officially released from her care and mostly just resting.”
“We can’t let him leave with the man.”
“Are you accusing me of robbery?”
“What did he say?”
What was he afraid of? He clung to Castiel’s hair and his kiss as his emotions tried to sort themselves out. He wanted this. He needed this. He
“Do NOT tell me what I NEED,” Dean snapped again. “You don’t know JACK about what I NEED.”
Now, this was the part where Castiel once would have given Dean the benefit of the doubt. Told himself Dean was just curious, maybe. That angels were really not that familiar in general and now that he had an angel in his mismatched family he wanted to learn more about the species. Before he’d walked out of the bunker, he would have said something about how when angels weren’t in a vessel, their bodies were pretty fluid and it was hard to make parallels between angel and human anatomy. He would have said that angels did not in themselves have gender, nor did they reproduce sexually, and thus sexual organs were not really necessary or meaningful for them in any way.
Cas ran his hands through his hair again, victory lighting up his face with a smile that goes all the way up to his eyes. He succeeds in making his hair even messier than it already was, and glances over to make sure Dean is buckled up before he drives off. For a moment the look in the green eyes stops him and he has to remind himself again.
“Great!”
Four years later, he had gone everywhere. More than once. He made more money just travelling and recording videos than he could have made staying in Lawrence. And for the first time since he’d left, he was homesick. He spent that Christmas in Finland, visited Santa in Lapland. Went to Paris for Valentine’s Day. Welcomed Spring by a meadow in the Alps. And that’s where he told his followers that he was going home.
Dean opened his eyes, confused.
He felt the same thrill he got from getting into Baby just for a drive fill him. There was a world of exciting possibilities open before him.
“But the pie will go sour, the crust will get soggy. It might have been the most delicious pie ever, and it won’t matter if he waits too long.”
He turned the camera to a scrawny looking tree that couldn’t be more than 5 feet tall and was not full enough to cast a proper shade.
“How does an omega join your advanced classes, Cas?”
“O, nothing. He seems to have gotten turned around. I gather he went to the bathroom, took a wrong turn on the way out, and somehow ended up in the back hallways that lead to the unloading dock.”
With a chuckle, Cas scratched at his scalp.
Cas leaned over to drop a quick peck on Dean by way of thanks, and they slipped into the Impala.
Stupid, stupid omega.
“I know, but this is important. So, new alpha rule. I will not claim or imply a relationship to another omega without your prior consent. And new omega rule. If something bothers you so much that you feel like you need to run away, even if it’s just into another room, it’s not stupid. And you have to tell me, so I can fix it. Fair?”
Cas nods, trying not to take another date for granted no matter how that sounded.
Dean made himself remember the last few days. The way they’d ended up tangled together, the look in Castiel’s eyes when he had Dean pinned against the wall, and the same eyes when he couldn’t pin Dean down.
Still, they had talked about it again with clearer heads and, a few phone calls later, they had everyone but the bass. They hadn’t picked a new band name yet, having decided to wait until the band was complete. They made phone calls, they put up flyers, they asked everyone they knew. No dice. They almost gave up. But then Kevin (keyboard) had suggested they put an add on the internet and hold auditions.
Dean made a note to pick up a cat toy the next time he was out shopping. A quick look at the comments almost changed his mind. If the comments were anything to go by, Cas was going to need a second studio just to store all the toys people wanted to send him. At least a storage space. And there were no cute cat pics yet. Still, they were friends again. Or at least working on it. Maybe one of those automatic feeders?
“She was a lesbian, and never had any kids. I guess I set off the gaydar, because when we met she sort of took me under her wing. I ended up staying at her apartment for about a week. Heard all about her youth, all the things she’d not been allowed to say or do at my age. The lost loves. The
Charlie probably said something to that, but Castiel was already digging through his files and thoroughly zoned out. He’d printed a screenshot of that for his report. Digging it out, he held it up to the screen. Inconclusive, at best. But those were stills. He knew in his gut that it was the same guy. There was just something decidedly different about the way he moved. In both videos.
“Is something wrong? You seem uncharacteristically nervous.”
They shared a happy smile, filled with the pride Dean still couldn’t believe Cas could somehow share in.
“Don’t celebrate too soon,” Michael reminded them. “I can change that with one phone call.”
He got serious suddenly.
Dean turned around again to face the table.
“It’s like my brain was stuck on running away. And I couldn’t think about anything else or notice anything else until I managed to run away. While I was living with you, I did things… I’m not proud of. And we can talk about that if you want. But there is one thing you need to understand first.”
He pulled out his phone and called Charlie. Dean kept an eye on the bathroom door as Cas spoke, as discreetly as possible, into the phone. He heard Cas tell Charlie what they knew about the boy, and then Cas was mostly quiet. Charlie was probably looking into whatever she looked into. He’d told the boy to stay in the bathroom as long as he could to give them some time, but he probably wouldn’t be in there much longer now, for fear or making his father go after him.
Cas watched Dean go, then went to order some food, making sure he could keep an eye on the man. The child had indeed excused himself to the bathroom almost immediately after watching Dean disappear behind the door. Cas made sure that, when he sat again, he sat where he could see the man without being too obvious about it. Dean was back before he had a chance to dig into his food.
Cas took a big bite, taking the time to choose his words.
“Yeah, no, I think you’re right.”
“You’re a mind reader, right? That’s how it works. You can read parts of my mind even I don’t know about.”
An indistinct noise that could be outrage came from Vader and he advanced on the girl, sending her scrambling into the crowd to avoid getting run over. He didn’t go far, however, as the crowd had tightened the circle around him, now less than amused. Cas scrambled to get to him, where he’d stopped cold, pinning him down while he was still surprised and trying to determine his next move. The cuffs Dean had helped him conceal in this ridiculous costume locked into place in another moment, and a general rumble went through the crowd until Charlie flashed a badge.
Dean froze half-way through settling into the sofa. When had Castiel’s voice picked up that tone, anyway? He didn’t know, but he didn’t like it. Made him feel like he was being laughed at.
Dean’s dry chuckle drew him back from his runaway thoughts. He slid off the hood of the Impala, walked around to the door, then turned to face Cas. Somehow, Cas was right there, as if there was anywhere else for Dean to go and Cas to follow. Too close. All up in Dean’s personal space.
It had taken on the nature of a third degree, and neither Dean nor Sam could really see the relevance, but they answered the questions as best they could and chalked it up to Cas trying to figure out humans. Young love sure was a tricky one to figure out, even for humans.
“He’s… not doing well. Snake bite, about 10 hours ago. They’re not sure what kind of snake and he’s not responding to the limited treatments they have available there.”
He’d decided to spend most of his Saturday poring over Miller’s additions to the file. He’d even started to. But then Dean had texted him the menu to an Indian place nearby, and it would just be weird not to join Dean for dinner after they’d been playing that game all week. He texted back his order (a mild tikka masala, thank you), and decided to just finish the page he was on before heading out.
“Does your wife know you break into bars on the weekends?” she called back, stacking pancakes on a platter and grabbing the syrup.
“There are closer places, you know,” Dean pointed out.
He made himself stay put, no matter how the voice in his head urged him to walk across the hallway and rub his scent all over Cas.
Cas gave it a moment’s thought, then looked at the driver’s lips with naked speculation in his eyes.
Cas took the paper the man handed him, let himself out of the car and started making his way back to the bunker.
Dean watched Cas as he ate, wondering if this was when he pulled out his phone and called that Uber driver. He made himself stay cool. Wait. Cas ate, then stumbled over to the sofa, collapsed and closed his eyes against the light with a groan.
“Here’s what I was thinking.”
Everyone’s attention turned to Dean to hear what he’d come up with.
“I think we need a new rule. To make sure no lines get crossed again.”
After the best orgasm of his life and the second best orgasm of his life, he’d gotten around to declaring he had been wrong before and now stood corrected, which had Dean trembling with laughter in his arms. And that, as it turned out, felt better than like half the orgasms he’d had before Dean. So he tried to make it happen again.
“There wasn’t much to do, really,” Dean answered.
“Why did you come back, then?” she asked.
Dean smirked then, his hands sliding around Castiel’s waist and pulling him closer.
“Welcome to the band then,” Benny chimed in.
“Yeah. I think we will.”
“Of course not, Dean, he’s not a girl.”
Could Sammy sound any more confusing? Dean took a deep breath and finished walking into the room. Cas and Sam were looking at that look Dr. Sexy and Nurse Frank had shared. There were snacks and beers handy, so it looked like they meant to watch the rest, and as Dean himself had been too stunned to get much beyond that yesterday, he grabbed a beer for himself and sat down on the sofa.
“I’m not a mechanic, but I know when something is about to go boom. And she was definitely primed to blow. It was way too hot under there, just for starters. It’s still too hot under there. We had to get creative with mirrors and extra gear to even check it out.”
“I made a choice. And I think maybe Freddie did too.”
Everyone could see immediately that something was wrong when Dean stomped into Benny’s garage.
Frank smiled wider, his hand extended to grip Dr. Sexy’s shoulder in congratulation.
That sounded final enough. This was the part where Castiel would bow to his superior wisdom and Dean would file this moment away for the next time he wanted to needle Cas.
Hopefully, that would give him enough time to get himself together and keep his thoughts on track for this interrogation. But Dean slid into the driver’s seat of a mint condition 67 Impala, so maybe he should take the scenic route. Just to be sure.
“About what?”
When there was a knock on the door and Cas came through, Dean couldn’t believe his eyes.
Slowly, noises started coming from the next room. It must be about dinner time. Sammy and Eileen were clearly already preparing something. Cas and Dean didn’t move from the couch, but they let go a little, relaxed enough to look at each other and their surroundings. There was sadness in this song, but also hope. They exchanged small smiles, watched Sam and Eileen move in and out of their field of vision. It felt oddly nostalgic.
“I remember that song. It was playing when we grossed out my kid brother making out on the couch like a couple of teenagers.”
“It’s hot.” Cas complained.
“Well when he first shows up he’s escaping with Leia - ”
The first few visits were a bust, but they hit pay dirt about two hours in. Cas could tell it was going to be different the moment they walked up to the door and he saw that Dean hesitated before approaching the entrance. He seemed inordinately interested in the mat outside the door. It was certainly hideous enough to draw attention, he supposed, but once they were inside, he could see Dean had become considerably more uncomfortable than he had seen him yet – and he’d seen him cooling his heels in an interrogation room, so that was saying something.
“That went well,” Cas mumbled into the empty garage.
“Perhaps she gave him something. Something important.”
“Yeah, well, he’s not. And he’s not bi, either. Or pansexual, whatever that means.”
“I used to be pretty good, you know. At advanced aerobics. Out of practice now.”
“That’s behind us now. I don’t feel that way anymore.”
And indeed the gravity of his posture and tone indicated something far more serious than a random juvenile prank. Harry led the way to the theater room.
When Cas looked up again, he was looking confused rather than embarrassed, so Dean called that a win.
He’d ended up inviting everyone in the ward. And he'd spent the entire party flirting with Nurse Kelly.
He glanced up to find Dean steaming, however quietly.
That was Castiel’s reassuring voice. He wanted the reassurance, but he still had more words he needed to hear himself say. That Cas needed to hear him say. Out loud.
And just like that, Castiel’s hands found their way to Dean’s collar. Held on. Closed that last couple of inches between them. Slid their lips together in the gentlest kiss he could manage with his hands fisting on Dean’s coat. He almost lost it when Dean’s fingers slipped into his hair, increasing the pressure. For a moment, it felt so perfect he forgot to breathe.
“See this is why I love you.” She snarks.
“Maybe there’re in the lobby?” Dean ventured with absolutely no conviction. “Out of the heat?”
And then the empty hallways rang out with Dean’s rusty laugh.
“You can go now,” Jody snarked over her shoulder. “We’ll show ourselves out when Cas is ready to go.”
“Now, I know what you’re thinking. But Dean, that’s not admissible in court. You can’t just bug an office and record important business matters. Of course not. However, I just brought in a sweet treat” he pointed helpfully to the pastries “with a cute bug" likewise to the tiny plush bee "so that we could save the memory of our romantic reunion after being apart so long. You know, like all those adorable videos you see of soldiers coming back home and surprising their kids. How was I to know you’d come barging in here confessing to all sorts of felonies? Anyway, the tape is not for court. It’s for Cas. And Charlie. I’m not an expert here, but I bet, in the right hands, that tape could do a number on your stock market value, yes?”
“She’s wrong, I think.”
Cas pushed play again on the remote, but Dean was not about to let it end there. He grabbed the remote and stopped the episode again.
“I can’t do that again,” Dean finally said. “I can’t be part of something like that if they’re not gonna listen to me. I know I said I’d help, but I just can’t.”
He studied his closet again, trying to decide what to wear. Another blue shirt?  Maybe yesterday’s runner up? It was a paler shade, but he could wear the cobalt tie with it. He’d ditch that after they were done with the interviews, probably. Before they went on to the date portion.
He shifted, his lips orbiting Castiel’s skin, somehow. His breath brushing against Castiel’s neck briefly before returning to his face.
Michael, not knowing when to take his losses, cut in.
Castiel had never looked so serious, so focused, as he did now.
And then Dean was twisting just right, urging him on, and he was sliding home.
Cas looked again, though Dean had added no significant information at all.
Detective Novak had been called in to the multiplex where, as far as he could tell, nothing worthy of his time had in fact happened.
“I’m tired of talking. And I’m tired of waiting. Leave me alone, Dean.”
And as he told Sam what they’d learned, Ellen and Benny cleared the plates, more paper was brought up, Charlie pulled up Google Maps while Donna scared up some pens and they’d decided that if they were driving up, they really should make it Tuesday. Nobody suggests or even considers that maybe they should wait a few weeks, until Dean’s probation is over. He wouldn’t have stood for it anyway.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas needled, “irrelevant. It means it doesn’t matter.”
, he thought. But the words didn’t materialize. The exhaustion dragged him under again.
“I don’t actually have any memories with this song, but I was kinda hoping we could change that. Make a memory, together, right now.”
“That’s… that’s country,” he remarked, helpfully.
“Maybe that’s what he’s afraid of,” Dean piped up. “They’re friends now. Even good friends. What if he fucks it up? Sure, he might be interested, but what if they date and it doesn’t work out? At least this way Frank is still his friend. It’s better than nothing, isn’t it?”
“I think at first it was because he didn’t think he was allowed. Like -”
Dean couldn’t help himself, he was furious.
“There’s no way. I’m sorry, but I’ve been watching Dr. Sexy a lot longer than you, Cas and there’s no way that’s possible.”
And there was the sense of urgency!
“Kisses. I never found them to be all that informative.”
“Dean!” Cas mumbled. “What are you doing?”
He saw Castiel’s nostrils flare, his eyes close, as if he wanted to remember every detail of that smell. Then his eyes opened again, and there was a different sort of light in them. He bucked, and Dean didn’t even try to resist. He went down, and in the next heartbeat Castiel’s groin was pressing his into the mat, Dean’s legs still wide around Castiel’s hips. Castiel’s elbows held Dean’s arms down, and his hands were on Dean’s wrists. And Dean was whimpering helplessly, his head tossed back to expose his neck.
Dean realized Cas meant to go home, with him. He felt his head shake, slowly, sadly, before he realized he couldn’t. Not until he said what he needed to say. Castiel’s smile faltered for a moment, then righted itself, waiting.
He couldn’t believe he had to keep pointing this out. Seriously, how many hookups did it take to establish that Dr. Sexy was not into dudes?
Cas walked into his office, oblivious to the people waiting outside. He walked within a few feet of them, just on the other side of a very large window. Close enough that they were worried he might see them and derail the plan. But he moved like his perfectly tailored suit weighed a ton, his eyes on a phone they’d never seen before. He walked past his assistant, despite her attempts to get his attention, and closed the office door behind him with a thump.
But his voice was deeper than Dean had ever heard it, chocked up even, with what Dean hoped was the same sort of craving running through his own blood. He whimpered again, needy and impatient, and Castiel’s eyes flared. Slowly, he buried his nose in Dean’s neck, scenting deeply. He felt Dean’s shudder down to his toes and angled his head to press his lips where his nose had been. Slowly walked them up Dean’s neck, along his jawline and his lips lingered there until Dean shuddered again, moved his head and dove into a kiss.
“Irrelevant? Irrelevant??”
He shook his head and groaned, trying to decide what to do now. They wouldn’t let him just sit here indefinitely without buying something. He had nowhere to go, really, other than back to the bunker and that was an hour’s drive away.
“Hey, everyone. You’ll probably recall that I mentioned, not too long ago, that I was in a band and we were making my song into more of a classic rock sound. Well, I have a bit more on that today. I thought you might like to meet the band.”
Dean gave him a look like he was trying very hard not to roll his eyes.
“They might not let you go back to Eden after the way you left. I’m afraid I made a bit of a scene. I could try, but…”
Dean reached out to steady him.
“Yep,” and for some reason he found that he’d whispered that. “Bomb squad on its way?”
Taking a deep breath and struggling to remain professional after the morning she’d had thus far, Megan asked, as politely as she could manage.
A good host always had some booze around, his mother had always assured him. A small but excellent selection of the hard stuff, at the very least. So he picked out the fullest bottle and made his way back to bed.
“I’m sorry I know it’s a lot, but food safety regulations when you deliver items that aren’t sealed are just...” and she dramatically rolled her eyes as she hadn’t done since the last time she’d been Queen of Moondoor. “O, and water. Make sure it’s clear of water, or anything really, that could make the pastries soggy.”
“Is that why I’m here?”
On day 3, Cas wanted to work on those counters, with some intimidation moves thrown in. The kind of moves that involved growling and getting right up into someone’s face. The idea was to overcome the intimidation effect, and counter anyway. Dean would have to say there were mixed results. He was not intimidated. He was, however, slicking like an omega in heat. He kept getting lost in the heat of Castiel’s body, and forgetting he was supposed to be trying to dodge and counter.
He felt Castiel nose at his neck, inhaling deeply, learning the smell. Then Cas was shifting again. His hands held Dean more purposefully, and his legs started to lift. Dean locked his own legs around Castiel’s waist, held on to his shoulders, and took his time scenting.
He stopped, entirely at a loss for words that could describe the wonder that Dean Winchester had been in that moment. Maybe it was the contrast with the empty he had just left behind. The Empty had been nothing. Dean was, well, everything. He settled for a breathless sigh, which Dean felt all the way to his toes and made him blush redder than he’d ever been.
“He’s referring to how King David from the Bible became king, here, and that’s a story I can tell you in detail some other time, if you want, but the important part is that he’s talking about the power of music. The right music is transformative, healing. It can literally be a lifeline, it can change a life until it’s unrecognizable. But the person he’s writing this song for doesn’t like music. Or at least not his music.”
Briefly, he told them about the incident with the child, and just as we was wrapping up, Charlie came back with a closeup of the man. His features were clear enough, he supposed. It didn’t capture the freckles, or the shocking green of his eyes, but –
“Nothing! it’s just… he’s clearly confused.”
“Feelings happen, and they’re not always returned, and that’s fine. A good friend who respects you acknowledges your feelings, even if they can’t return them. And they make their own feelings clear, so that you can figure out where to go from there. And if it gets awkward, friends work through it together, holding on to the solid foundation between them. But if the feelings are returned - Do you think it’s respectful for Dr Sexy to shut himself down like that? To let Frank see how he feels and then push it down like there’s something awful about it, something so awful that he doesn’t want to want it? How can that be anything but insulting? And then to spend the entire night flirting with Kelly under Frank’s nose? How is that anything but cruel and offensive?”
