“But…” Dean started, weakly, “even so, those other souls, they were hurt by my actions, and I had no right to do that.”
“And then you tell yourself this: ‘I know you mourn Bobby, but don’t get lost in your grief. You have things to do. You know that he loved you; he knew that you loved him. Let him go. Burn the flask . And when your own time comes, don’t seek a flask of your own. Keep your promise, and move on. But until then, remember that people love you. Let them in. Love them back. Tell them how you feel. I wish that I had told Cas how I felt about him when I was the age you are now…. I didn’t. That’s on me. But I have told him, now. That’s how I know how much better life could have been. Because it’s so much better now. You’ll get here, eventually. Let yourself believe it.’ So, now I need to ask, Dean. Do you? Do you believe it?”
“Perhaps not, but Dean, those souls? They would have been hurt by someone, right? Another demon? Alastair, perhaps? No matter what, whether you tortured them or not, someone was going to hurt them. Correct?”
different from yours. I used mine to get ahead. My being sentenced to slavery, to being an Alpha-dog probably
year, and then the hellhound came for me. I was tortured by a demon named Alastair for thirty of the forty years I was in Hell; then I became a torturer myself for the last ten years. And then I was rescued from the Pit by an Angel of the Lord, named Castiel.”
“Fine.” He went in the kitchen and got down two mugs, filled them both, and got the creamer out of the refrigerator. He liked hazelnut flavoring; sue him. He splashed some creamer into his coffee and offered it to Pam, but she preferred her coffee black, so she waved it off. They seated themselves at the kitchen table, and he waited for her to pester him.
“I did. I did a journal entry every day, and I wrote a bunch of letters. I don’t think I want to send most of them. I can’t send some of them. But Cas went up to Heaven today, so I’m having him deliver copies of three of them.”
“It’s whipping, and cutting, and suspending you from hooks over flames until your flesh bubbles and peels off with the scent of roasting meat. It’s flaying your skin and your muscles from your bones, without the respite of unconsciousness or death, because
Mia continued, “And then Cas and Gabe went and got Chuck and Kathy, and apparently God has left Chuck with ten years’ of his life missing?”
“And you say here that Cas said he wanted to go to Wyoming to get his stuff, so he could come home to you. That’s lovely, Dean.”
Mia nodded. “I told you when you were here last, Dean, that your anger could become a problem. Tell me if I’m wrong, Dean, but I think you tend to push your feelings down, bury them, rather than deal with them; is that right?”
“Mia, I know, okay? I know it’s completely irrational. There’s nothing I can do, and it’s not my responsibility to fix it. And yet….” Dean sighed.
“Now, think back, let yourself remember. You’re in a motel. You’re with your father, and Sam. Your father is giving you instructions. What is he saying, Dean?”
, really. I’m upset and confused, usually because you’ve gone off and gotten hurt again, and won’t let me take care of you the way I should, and….
“Jesus, Cas. Even if this works, how am I supposed to get Sam from the station to the Palace in time of war with no cash?” Dean whispered it, worriedly.
do, once they’ve done them all and started over a few times, y’know? And by the end of say, six months? By then, they were getting through all the things they could think of
Startled, Gad looked at the floor, and mumbled something that sounded like “I dunno. How’d you find out?”
“Okay, Dean, question for you. You just said that in Apocalypse World, you and Sam were never born, so you weren’t around to stop the Apocalypse from happening, correct?”
“That can’t be comfortable. Do you want to run up, get dry, get something warm on, and then come and eat?”
to get some help, too. Between the three of us, the atmosphere in the bunker is still…toxic. I think our talk today is a good start, but I think there have been a lot of misunderstandings and miscommunications between us, over the years, and I don’t think that everything that’s been broken is fixed yet, do you?”
“Claire, I… I have no excuse. I am so sorry. I don’t know what got into me, to say such things to you.”
“Here you are.” Mia handed him the bottle, and took her own seat, picking the journal back up, and glancing at the most recent entry they’d covered, to remind herself where they’d left off.
Dean, sitting next to him, in the curricle that had brought them to the station from the palace, leaned over and whispered, “Is it some kind of holiday, Cas?”
that made me recommend you in the first damn place.” Pam sighed again. “Gad, Bal isn’t going to tell anyone. He talked to me because I was the one who recommended you originally, and yes, I outed you, not realizing that was what I was doing, and he hadn’t realized - nor had I - how intensely shamed you felt about all of this. There’s no reason for it, Gad. You made the most of the opportunities you were granted. Good for you. Don’t we all do that?”
that training. So you didn’t die - that’s a good thing, Gad. If you had died, you wouldn’t be here, helping me and Benny put omegas back together. So you didn’t suffer as much as they did - again, that’s a good thing. C’mon, Doc. Pick a patient, or two, the ones who’ve made you most proud. Focus on them, on what you did to help them.”
“Jo was like a sister. We might have had a thing, but she saw right through me. She was tough as nails, a fighter, she could hold her own, hold her liquor, but she was also sweet and kind and gentle when appropriate. The only time I ever got to kiss her was after a Hellhound got her, right before she died. She saved me from it, and it killed her.”
Once at NRR and in the pool, Gad didn’t have time to think about his shame; he had to focus on the work. His scent stayed even and clean, and the omegas with whom he worked didn’t notice anything off about him at all. At noon, he tidied up the pool area, took a shower, toweled dry, got dressed, and went to find Balthazar. He had an apology to deliver.
“Well… to be honest, no. Not completely. I mean, I understand why Cas did what he did. I just wish he hadn’t. And now we’re kinda stuck with the situation, at least temporarily, and it does make me uncomfortable.”
What else will happen to our brave young friends as they journey away from each other, and the only home they've known for several years - for Cas, his whole life - into the unknown?
“Sounds like you’re stressed out, and trying not to show it. Dean, do you think that you bear personal responsibility for fixing the problems you just listed?”
Dean took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. “I’m not going to stop showing Cas that I care. Because I do. But I’m going to stop thinking of it as making up to him for past damage, and just do it because I love him, now.”
, just like the mocking pity. It just hadn’t been an act I could immediately see through. He’d promised punishment if I failed, so he would set me up to fail him. I might as well have stayed on the rack; by day, I was a torturer; by night, I went back to being one of the tortured – with Alastair as my only inquisitor. He did keep the others off my back, but then, he’d set them on me in the first place.
, so far. I want Mia to read them, first, to make sure that I’m not doing more harm than good if I ask people to read them. But if she says it’s okay…would you read it?”
“Dean, I don’t actually think you’re ‘screwed up’ at all. I think you’ve had some rather nasty experiences, many of which most people would not have been able to handle at all, much less with as much grace and strength as you’ve displayed. This is only your fifth session with me, but you’ve made tremendous progress already - and I am taking no credit for that, other than for introducing you to journaling. You are doing all the work, here.
Anna and Alfie were in the next curricle; their bags were being unloaded now. Soon it would be time to get down from the vehicles and board the train, finding some space in the narrow cars to find their own for the next several days, as their journey would take nearly a week.
Gabriel appeared in the back seat suddenly. “Hey, guys, you gotta find a way to keep Dean’s light under wraps outside the Bunker. Without the warding, you’re a sitting duck, Dean-o.”
“I should’ve stood up to Dad, and I didn’t. And I didn’t see Sam again for just over two years. And I’m sure he thought that I hated him during that time. I didn’t, but I didn’t do enough to support him. And I’m ashamed of that, now. But, honestly, I don’t know if then I could have done anything differently from what I did do then. I was still Dad’s obedient little soldier, then. And it wasn’t like I actively supported Dad’s side of the argument, either. I just… played Switzerland.”
“And that brings us to your next letter to your younger self, and this is to yourself at a few ages, looks like. It’s about two women, Cassie, and Layla. Tell me about them, Dean.”
“Okay, then. I honestly wasn’t trying to frighten you, Dean, but you need to consider that everything you think you know about your life before you went to Hell may be wrong, so any biases or beliefs you have that seem to stem from that time, should be examined. Particularly if, as with your sexual identity, it’s something that may have changed, or been repressed before.”
“Yeah, we know. We actually had a case where someone hadn’t been able to dream for decades, and it had made the poor guy kinda crazy.”
“All right, Your Highness, it’s time to go for our nature walk, so let’s get your coat on.” Castiel put aside thoughts of the tradition of the egg. He loved going for walks outside. There was so much to see, to hear. The birds alone - there were so many, and so many different kinds! And the flowers in the royal gardens were lovely. The herbs in the castle’s kitchen garden were fascinating, so many different uses, and he wanted to learn them all.
“At least I won the second game,” Claire groused. “I think you cheated, D. You won the first and the third games without breaking a sweat.” She started packing up the game pieces.
“Actually, could I trouble you for some water, Mia? I ate a granola bar, kinda need to wash it down, here.”
Cas watched Dean’s face, and saw the second Dean did, in fact, start to let go of the guilt and shame that had burdened him for so long – as again, the light in his soul began to flare. The glow was so strong, so bright, the Cas couldn’t understand how the nearly 20 humans nearby in the parking lot didn’t notice it. And it was sustained, growing slowly stronger, rather than fading out or dimming quickly, as the recent flares had done. “Dean? Can you see….”
“Oh, no, he’s not really our uncle. He was a friend of John’s, when John was in the Marines, before he took the throne. We were allowed to go and visit him sometimes, if we were good and had finished our training exercises to John’s satisfaction. Bobby’d play ball with us, and treat my bruises. Honestly, sometimes I felt like he was more of a father than John. Is that a horrible thing to say?” Dean asked.
Actually, only Dean and Cas had realized that was even a possibility. Sam, Anna, and Alfie, were still reveling in the new-found luxury of being treated like an adult, too young to consider the worst-case scenarios that Castiel and Dean were envisioning.
“Yessir, Mr. Gad, sir, she does them every morning when she gets up, at noon on her lunch break, and every night before she goes to bed. She says they really help. I spoke with her yesterday, she said if you came in for your Wednesday bagel, I was to tell you thank you, again.”
Mida nodded. “Lot to take in, finding out that you had a brother you never knew until after he’d died.”
“That’s a good one, Sammy. Hey, you don’t happen to have any cash on you, do you? Paradisio coins?” Dean asked his younger brother gently, not expecting the answer to be positive.
“I absolutely will scream with you. C’mon, let’s do it. Right now.” He looked her right in the eye, and bellowed.
“Yeah. But just like the Swiss were technically neutral but still did a hell of a lot in support of the Nazi regime… I was technically neutral, but I stayed with Dad and kept hunting with him. I know it hurt Sammy.”
At 16, Cas & Dean are best friends. There's a rumor that Abyssinia is threatening Kansas, and that Sam & Dean might have to go home, Dean to serve in the army, Sam tp be trained to take over as heir, should anything happen. Dean tells Cas about the "training methods" John employed, and how their mother had sent them off to be fostered as a result of John's abuse. A year later, it seems parts of the rumor were true - Abyssinia & Kansas are at war - but parts were not - Sam & Dean have not been called home. Queen Naomi gives a speech, in which she announces that the fostering program was to have moved to Kansas, but due to the war, the program will instead move to Elyseum. She also announces that Queen Mary of Kansas has died in a fire, and requests a moment of silence in her honor. Cas & Dean help a sobbing Sam inside, and Naomi tells them that there will be no state funeral; even if there had been one, they wouldn't be returning to Kansas for it, but moving on to Elyseum with the rest of the fostered royal children; that the date she gave in her speech for the move was a false one, to throw off anyone who might be considering a threat to the children; and that they'll actually be leaving in 2 days' time.
“Good. So, have you forgiven yourself for how you acted with Claire yet, Dean? You say here that she forgave you, and moved on, but you couldn’t forgive yourself. Why not?”
, said she was a monster, couldn’t be trusted, he should have killed her. And when Sam refused to go back and do the job, I did it, instead. I killed her.  And when Sam killed Emma, he was protecting me, yes; but he was also taking his revenge for my having killed Amy. As I say in the journal entry, it’s the one thing we never speak to each other about, because I’m still so angry with Sam about it. Which probably means I should, huh?”
“But Sam and Claire said that you didn’t leave because I pushed you away. They were trying to make me feel better, but it made it
. So, I tried to get her to put the knife down, to reason with her. Told her that I would love to get to know her properly, to be her father in truth, as well as in terms of genetic material. And I think she was listening, but she still had the knife up, and Sam came back. The door was cracked, and he saw her, thought she was threatening me. I put my gun down, trying to get her to relax, but he thought I was surrendering. He came in, and shot her. He killed her, Mia, with just one shot. His own niece. My daughter.”
Mia smiled kindly as Dean blushed, and continued to read. “And here’s where you talk about the day of the proposal, going shopping with Cas, getting the rings, going to dinner… and you note here the beverage choices, specifically - that you had coffee, despite the restaurant having many fine whiskeys available - and you say here that ‘It wasn’t even a difficult choice. I don’t need to feel numb any more.’ Tell me about that, Dean.”
Mia continued to read. “I like your resolutions, Dean…and I think you and Cas are right, that he should
, enough to keep him with you, and became certain that he would go. That your self-sabotage would work. It’s the lack of
did my slavery bring me any sort of harm. I was given opportunities at almost every turn, to better myself, to do work that I enjoyed. I wasn’t in combat, I was working on programs that I helped to develop, after the Army trained me to have certain skills that were useful - at my request. I was only a slave for four and a half years - but I was in the Army for
killed Jack, I would have died, as well. When Sam shot Chuck, he winged him - hit him the shoulder. Gave both of them a nasty wound, that isn’t healing in either of them. The gun’s been destroyed, by the way. It’s gone.”
“That’s perfectly all right, Dean. Let’s go back to the book, then, shall we?” Mia waited for Dean’s nod, before looking back at the pages.
Dean laughed as her voice went up into a question at the end. He shook his head. “Nah. Cas doesn’t always get the joke or the pop culture reference, but he’s solid.”
By 5:00, Dean was looking for a place to stop for dinner. He saw a sign for a likely place, and pointed it out. “Hey, Cas, let’s swing in there. I’m getting hungry again, you could use a break… and I could use an objective eye on my journal entry. I’d like you to read about my dream, get your perspective on what you think my subconscious is trying to say.”
Mia snapped her fingers quietly, and Dean’s eyes fluttered open. He couldn’t even remember having closed them.
a righteous man. Your actions were virtuous, but you still regret what you had to do, even though you had no choice but to do it. Even though you bear no actual blame, your regret over the consequences of your actions leaves you feeling ashamed.
“Write about the same night, each night for a week? Um…okay. Kinda don’t see the point, but, sure. I can do that.”
“Shann, you might recall, is Sam’s assistant, and he was hired to do basic clerical stuff, but, apparently, he’s got a knack for translation from modern-day Romance languages - French, Spanish, etc. - and Sam had him translating some texts from French into English, and he finished those, and he moved on to some Spanish texts. And the first one he worked on, it turns out, was pretty interesting, apparently. Also, Shann ended up in an alternate universe, briefly; there was a bleed-through spot in the Bunker, somewhere between the kitchen and the bathroom. Sam’s assigned reaper told him how to get back, but when he came, he saw what that universe’s Shann had been working on - the same text, but with some marked differences - so he stole that universe’s text, and the notes that universe’s Shann had written, and he brought them back with him. And he’s been working basically night and day on the two books, since, and asking questions of the angels about the contents. Lucifer figured it’d be easier to work together on the research if he shared a vessel with Shann, rather than with Cas, and Lucifer also knows that it makes me uncomfortable to be intimate with Cas, while Cas is sharing his body with Lucifer. He figured that if he moved over to Shann, who isn’t dating anyone at the moment, it’d kill two birds with one stone. Shann is still kind of mulling it over, not sure he really trusts Lucifer. Can’t say I blame him.”
“Yeah. Adam Milligan. Turned out that Sam and I had a half-brother we knew nothing about. Dad never told us, we found out after he’d died. I was supposed to be Michael’s true vessel; it was a genetic thing, Winchester genes from Dad, Campbell genes from Mom. Apparently, when I made it clear that I would say ‘no,’ the angels decided that Adam’s Winchester genes from Dad would be good enough, and Michael could just use him, and Adam said ‘yes’. When Sam got control, in order to lock Lucifer away, he had to fall into the Cage through a hole in the ground; Michael tried to stop him from falling, but instead fell with Sam.”
Dean sighed. “No, it’s fine, I said we should go in order, and we should. I just… lost it for a minute there. I apologize, Mia.”
Castiel’s heart sank as he listened. He’d suspected much of what Dean had told him, but hadn’t realized that Dean had been made to feel complicit. “Dean, have you discussed your time in Hell with Mia? I mean beyond just the basic relating of the fact that you were there, the details of it, that you just told me?”
“It’s better, I can look directly at you, now. Still bright to me, though. How does it look to you, my heart?”
In Benny’s case, it wasn’t shame. It was more that some of the omega slaves were crafty about their medications. They’d been used to stealing drugs from their owners, to make their slavery tolerable, and some were addicted. Benny didn’t want them trying to manipulate him into writing pain meds they didn’t really need. If he thought someone needed a specific medication for a specific purpose, he sent them down the hall to Pam’s office, and had her look them over.
With a sigh, he rose and went to take a shower. He let the hot water beat down on him, soothing his own muscles tight from stress. He got out, toweled off, and got dressed. He went into the kitchen and got a pot of coffee started. He whipped up some eggs for an omelette and poured them in a hot pan, then shoved the pan and spatula away from the burner toward the back of the stove. “Dammit!”
“What I didn’t know then, but only found out later, when I was torturing souls in Hell, was the reason
“Chuck, what good is a tradition, if our son is forced to be miserable, as you nearly were? No. We cannot take that chance for our little Prince Castiel.” Naomi’s voice was still tender with affection, yet still as firm as steel. The King knew that she was serious.
Mia took a slow breath in and out. “Dean, apparently it’s been quite a week. I had noticed that my clocks had stopped, but I didn’t realize that all clocks had stopped, I just thought I needed to buy some new batteries.”
you love me, but I’m glad you do. Because I love you, too. I know I have work to do, and I’m gonna do it, Cas. I won’t make a promise you can’t trust. I can’t say I won’t backslide again, because honestly, I probably will.
that I wouldn’t be able to keep Sammy safe, and fed, that we’d get kicked out of the motel room, and have nowhere to go, or that Child Protective Services would take us, and we’d never see Dad again. And sometimes….” Dean’s voice cracked, and a tear slid down his cheek. “Sometimes, I wished he
A few moments passed, and the tears slowed. Dean shuddered, and took the tissue that Mia held out for him. He blew his nose and wiped his eyes. He drew a deep breath, and let it out slowly.
“That’s fair. But remember, we talked last week about making plans, right? Well, this is part of that. You can’t plan ahead if you have no dreams or goals for the future, Dean. So, your homework for this week, I think, is for you to sit down with Cas, and maybe Sam and Gabe as well, and think about what the whole bunch of you want for your futures. Where do you want to be in ten years? Twenty? Forty? And then sit down with Cas, and make a plan for, say, the next five years? Is that do-able, Dean?”
Dean’s hand came up and a finger went inside his collar, seeking to loosen it. He could feel his face warming. “Yeah, maybe,” he muttered.
Mia smiled. “I try.” She looked back at the journal. “And then that sets up another comparison between Bobby, on the one hand, and John, on the other. You write, ‘John gave you the crumbs of his attention, almost none of his care, never really trusted you, and never acted like he believed in you. Bobby never held back from caring for you, showed you exactly how he felt about you, always trusted you, and always believed in you. John was the sperm donor who dragged you around and neglected you. Bobby was the father you needed, and thank goodness for him.’”
demons. And you need to face them, and you need help to do that. How close are you to wrapping up this case?”
, too, that Dad had trusted me with Sammy, and I had gotten him out. And after that, it was always my job to take care of Sam. Dad owned part of an auto repair shop, he was a good mechanic, and for about a year after the fire, he kept working there. But he drank more often, and then, he started hunting. Really, he was looking for answers about what had killed Mom, but he’d go after just about
“Oh, that’s very sweet, Dean. And then the last thing here, or so it appears, is a letter to Zachariah. Who’s that, Dean?”
“Oh, Gabe does like me, now. And I like him. He’s great. But way back when, Gabe was trying to get Sam ready for the Apocalypse, and what he would lose. So he basically put Sammy in a time loop, like Bill Murray, in the movie
“C’mon, Claire, one more game. You need to even the score, doncha?” Dean looked at her hopefully, in an approximation of Sam’s puppy-dog look.
“Well, nerve regeneration is difficult even for us. If you burn out your optic nerves by staring at the sun, it’s a good bet that an angel could eventually heal you, but it would take some time, and most angels would lose patience and take off before it was done. Healing my own vessel’s eyes would probably take a good week, if I burned them out completely. I’d still be able to see, but it wouldn’t be through my vessel’s eyes, it’d be through my grace, so everything would be odd colors and hazy.
“Benny’s one of my all-time best friends. You’d love him, Mia. He’s a sweet old Southern Cajun Creole boy, from Orleans parish, Louisiana. He was a vampire, but he didn’t kill humans; he either drank small animals, or got human blood from blood banks. He had been killed by some other vamps, and when I went to Purgatory, he was already there. He knew that there was a rift that went from Purgatory back to Earth, that would open when a human came near, and he knew where it could be found. He offered to lead me to it, show me how it worked. I insisted on finding Cas, so it took us a lot longer than it should. And Cas was on the run from some Leviathans, so it made it more dangerous than it would have, as well. Benny would, once in a while, calmly explain to me why looking for Cas, or having Cas with us, was a bad idea, but he never tried to stop me from bringing Cas with us, beyond that. He only asked one thing – that I take his soul with us when we left, carried in my flesh, and that I take it back to where his body had been buried, and bring him back. So, I did.
me, so I try to shut it down now, while it still lacks the power to have that big of an effect on me.
Dean thought. “No...but we could get to Uncle Bobby’s. He’s only a few blocks from the station. He runs a salvage yard, fixes curricles and carriages, and once he was even hired to fix a train engine! He can fix anything mechanical. He’s amazing.”
“And, as you discovered later, he was messing with my memories throughout the entire time I was down there, making me believe that my father had abused me in many of the same ways that Alastair did – hitting, slapping, etc. Cas, I have memories of John abusing me sexually, of John pimping me out – and I don’t believe they’re real, not anymore, not now that I know Alastair was creating false memories; but, at this point,
Mia looked at Dean intently for a moment, nodded, and continued reading. “You say here you were startled by your own reflection because you looked better than you had in a long time, and you think it’s because you’re happy.”
Dean looked at Cas’ face, and knew he wasn’t off the hook, and was glad for it. But then, Dean had a sudden horrible thought. “Cas, are you
“We’ll see, Dean. We’ll see. All right. So. Next week, same day, same time - roughly, unless we’ve got clocks back by then - with Cas, unless you email. And if you want to continue to journal, you can, if you want to keep writing letters, you can do that, too. I saw you had put in one of your entries that there were entities that you now find it odd you somehow forgot to write letters to before, so go ahead, if you want. And did you ever send any of those letters that we talked about possibly sending?”
. We had a fight, one of many, I blamed him unfairly for certain events, and he left. And afterward, I got really drunk. The next day, Sam laid down the law – I had to get help for my anger and my drinking.”
with your father, for putting so much responsibility on you and leaving you alone to deal with such tremendous pressure at such a young age?”
get possessed, and the slight differences between how he was in Chicago compared to how he was then were what tipped me off.”
“Nurse Blanchett. Miss Wills and I were doing vocal exercises, which I have prescribed as part of her physical therapy. She has to learn how to scream properly, you see.”
Gad waved at them, still smiling. He sat down to document his time for the day, and realized that he did feel better. He was helping people, and Pam was right - who cared if his slavery hadn’t involved suffering? It got him where he was now, and that was a good place to be. He
“Yeah, that was a little odd. I think the last time I rode in Baby’s backseat, I might’ve been in high school, and Dad was driving her.”
“Yeah. We talked. We both agree that we still have things to work through, and it’s too soon for him to come home. But it was a really good talk.” Dean flushed a little and kept his eyes on the road.
“Um, hold on, lemme see. Um…” Sam dug into his pockets. “Yeah, I’ve got, lessee, thirty ducats. Why, what do you need cash for, Dean?”
“Well, that’s really good for anywhere from eight to twelve years old. It was while I was the primary force in charge of taking care of Sammy, where Dad was taking off on his own and dumping us in crap motels for anywhere from a few days to a couple of weeks at a time with no adult supervision. We talked about that in my first session.”
“Well… I didn’t think so, at the time. But after… well, I write about it. I had a dream, Mia. I was back in Hell. And that’s what I wondered, at the time. Whether - even though I enjoyed what Cas and I did - whether it had triggered my subconscious to remember those other experiences, that I
“So, Sam did remember seeing your father hitting you. That’s too bad. Hmmm. You say here that you ‘remember Hell.’ I take it that’s
“Yeah. Hey, we’ll probably be heading back to Sioux Falls tomorrow, turns out there’s a connection there to the case we were on here. So, I told Jody we’d probably be there for dinner. I know you just saw Claire yesterday, and I know you don’t eat, but….”
The clouds were a bit ominous, and the weather report had called for rain this evening, but he was sure he could get there before it started. Maybe. Okay, he’d have to be pretty lucky not to get at least moist, but he could handle it. He was no longer the wrecked shell of a man he’d been when Cas had first bought him to set him free. His immune system was back in ship-shape condition, according to Pam, even after the whole mess with… well, no point in getting into that again. It was over, and they were home, together, and well - and that’s all that mattered.
“Okay. And next is your daily entry, where you talk about the next night’s dream, again of Alastair in that room in your memory palace. And he makes the same claims, essentially, as the night before, with a few new twists here and there. This bit about Sam being a powerful psychic even without demon blood is new, though; at least, it’s new to me. Can you tell me about that, Dean?”
“Dean, you’re the best friend I’ve ever had. The best friend I never expected to have. I lived for eons, and I had family, brothers and sisters, but I never had a friend, much less a best friend. And now I have you, and Sam, and Claire, and Jody, and Donna, and Alex, and … the person I’ve been speaking with since I left the bunker, I think she’s a friend, now, too. But you, you’re right, Dean, you mean more to me than the others do. Nothing against them, of course, it’s just that what you and I have is…
“Um… Oh, sure, why not. I’m not driving.” Jody got him a bottle from the fridge and handed it to him. He took a swig, and swallowed hard. He closed his eyes, and savored the taste.
“Good…. We talked about Adam before, as well. Did this letter help you resolve your feelings about your half-brother, Dean?”
“All right. Let me take a minute and go through them, here.” Mia read the letter he’d written to Sam.
Claire rolled snake eyes, and moved two squares; her turn ended. She looked through her cards and made notes.
“You say here that back then, you resented him for being the one who got to be good in school, while you couldn’t concentrate in your classes due to your concerns over having to take care of everything. I wonder, Dean, have you ever considered that if you
at how much easier I’ve had it than all of you! It isn’t right, and I don’t want to push it in your faces by announcing my degrees, all of which I got via the military, on the Army’s dime. I just… I can’t do that.”
“Oh, that bitch. Sorry, but she was. She was a demon. She worked directly for Lilith, but no one but her and Lilith knew that; everyone else thought she worked for Azazel. Sam thought that she had been working for Azazel, but that she’d had second thoughts about bringing about the Apocalypse, and wanted to help him stop it. In fact, she was trying to get him to bring it on. It turned out that killing Lilith was the final seal that had to be broken to free Lucifer. Lilith wanted her master freed, and was willing to die to achieve it. So, she sent Ruby to get her hooks into Sam and manipulate Sam into being strong enough and willing to kill Lilith. And it worked. Azazel had fed demon blood to Sam as a baby, just a taste, to awaken his otherwise dormant psychic powers. Ruby fed him demon blood by opening her vein and giving it to him to suck, while she fucked him to make the taste more palatable. She fed it to him by the gallon, and trained him to use his psychic power to kill demons to take it from. He first learned to exorcise them with his mind, then kill them and send them to The Empty with his mind. He killed Lilith. Then Ruby told him the truth, as the floor was cracking open to release Lucifer from The Cage. Sam tried to kill Ruby, but he had used up all his power on Lilith. So he held her still, and I killed Ruby with her own demon-killing knife.”
“Well, it went a little weirdly, actually. This was a really long week. I wrote about most of it.” Dean gestured to the notebook.
“I do.” Dean nodded. “It really helps to write things out. I know after I wrote that journal entry, when I talked to Cas, it helped, because I already knew what I wanted to say – it was like the entry was my script, and I could ‘read’ from it, even though I didn’t have it with me.”
“Okay, Dean, you understand what we’re doing. You’re under hypnosis. You’re relaxed, and calm, and you’ll stay that way. Now listen to my voice, Dean. You’ll hear me, no matter what else is going on. Okay?
“Sounds great, Cas. Thanks, babe.” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas’ cheek gently, then went to sit down as instructed, still cuddling the kitten and playing with it a little with one finger.
everything, either. I kinda just glossed over it, said they did X and Y, but didn’t get into it beyond that.”
“I’m having some trouble with…well, with remembering certain things clearly. Things from when we were growing up, up through when I went to Hell. Hell, and after, that’s all clear as a bell. But before that, I have these odd…memory shifts, where I think I remember something, but if I try to focus on it, the memory changes slightly. Certain things stand out, but those are a little few and far between. Everything just kind of blurs together in my head, and I’m having trouble sorting through memories and figuring out what’s real and solid, on the one hand, and what’s shifty and changing, on the other.
“And I’m realizing that I don’t. I can’t rely on what my memory tells me, because my memories are largely fake.”
Cas and Dean glanced at each other in surprise. There’d be no grown-ups traveling with them? The two of them were 16, the rest much younger. Were they supposed to shepherd three kids on a long journey? Particularly for royal children, such was unheard of, even in the most peaceful times.
she’d become a trader. Her parents had abused her when she was a child; her father used her, horribly – sexual and other physical abuse, emotional abuse, you name it. Her mother heaped emotional abuse on her, too. So, when a crossroads demon came to Bela and offered her a way out of the situation, she took it. Her parents were killed, and it was made to look like an accident. She got the life insurance, plus her inheritance. She was given ten years. She was just thirteen when she made the deal.
Mia smiled. “Says here you’re ‘done worrying about what you deserve, Cas is what you want, and if it’s what he wants too, then you want to give it to him.”
“I didn’t say that I don’t feel it necessary to have that which is important to me present at my wedding. I said that I don’t have pictures of Emma and Ben available to put out at the wedding. And, even if I did, I wouldn’t put them out, for a couple of reasons.”
sanity for a time, instead. He’s okay, now, though. I think that should be enough backstory for now, but if you see something else in the journal that doesn’t make sense, I can explain things further.”
“You were on the rack longer than you’d been alive. It took that long for Alastair to condition you into making a decision you would
Gad had nodded. Benny was right, Gad knew he was right. And Gad felt lighter for having admitted it.
“Yes, ‘outed you’ as a full medical doctor with a Ph.D. in physiotherapy. My bad.” She rolled her eyes at him. He refused to take the bait.
“Nor do I, Dean. As I said, when I left the bunker that night – thinking that it was over between us, that made me physically ill. And that’s why I can’t come back yet. I’m still fragile, Dean. And I think you are, too. And I don’t know about you, but I can’t keep stepping carefully, hoping to avoid the land mines, and fearing I’ll miss.”
“Okay. Well, as you may recall from the books, Azazel wanted Sam to lead his demon army, but he also put in motion a plan for Sam to be on the throne of Hell. Azazel either wasn’t sure he’d be able to get Lucifer out of the Cage, or if Lucifer would win the battle against Michael, but either way, he wanted to have his own candidate for the throne, and that was Sam. He put in a claim on the throne for Sam before Sam was even born. Now, of course, Sam isn’t interested, but I figure that’s what Billie was referencing in her message to him.”
. Otherwise, let’s keep to the daily journal entries about current events, you can write about past events if you think they have relevance.
want to leave. I got up the stairs, and walked out the door…and vomited in the bushes outside. I didn’t even make it a half mile before I had to pull over, because I couldn’t see through my tears to drive.
“Oh, yeah. He’s technically in command up there, but he’s got other angels running the show when he’s not there. He wanted to check in, do a little research, talk to some other angels about stuff. He’ll be fine.”
“Sam and I met Becky at a convention of fans of the books. We were there because of a haunting. Becky was a
. Did you seriously think you could just magically stop drinking, without any support, and that you wouldn’t relapse? Do you realize you could have died from alcohol poisoning from drinking five bottles of whisky, or that you could have died from withdrawal by just stopping like that? Dean, do you really care this
“Then why are you letting it eat you up? If Cas has let those things go, why can’t you? Dean, you’re still overcompensating as a means of gaining control, from fear of abandonment. Consciously, you know Cas is in it for the long-term, and so are you. But subconsciously? Are you still thinking he’ll leave unless you make up for all the damage of the past?”
“Okay. Now, you write here that Cas asked to speak with Amara alone after the meeting, so you all cleared out to give them some privacy, and the rest of you went around painting over the wards. And then you realized that their after-meeting meeting was taking too long, so you went in to interrupt, and found that they were gone. And around that same time, you write here, that Gabe realized that Sam could be in danger, because ‘Amara’s reason for giving Lucifer the choice of the Empty or the Cage in the first place had been to have the option of keeping the power of an Archangel in the universe, without having to recreate it, which only God knew how to do. That meant that Lucifer and Michael both retained all of their power as Archangels, and they weren’t merely ‘memories with intent’ as Lucifer had been insisting. If Lucifer was lying about that, he could have been lying about everything, about the Mark, about being on your side, about Michael’s sanity – for if Lucifer had his powers, he could certainly make it appear that Michael was sane, when, in fact, he was still loony, and no real reason had ever been given for Michael’s supposed return to mental health.’”
“But it could have been a disaster. Charles, we can’t let our son go through the terrors you experienced. We have to find him a good mate, and steer them together.”
under duress, Dean. Your choices were illusory, at best. But you know the best way to tell that you were blameless in the torture that you engaged in when in Hell? The breaking of the First Seal. The requirement for the Seal to break was that a
“No, Cas. I… I never told anyone what I just told you. To be fair, no one’s ever asked for specifics before. I know Sam would’ve listened, to anything I wanted to share, but I never wanted him to have to carry that burden. I… Cas, I couldn’t tell my brother that I had begged to be used like that. And I did, Cas. I begged for it. He made me beg nearly every night after I gave in. I think Sam could have excused begging not to be tortured. But I begged to
“Yeah. It was a little freaky. It looked like the camera had somehow had a bad flash, even though Cas hadn’t used the flash attachment. Like the film somehow got overexposed, even though it was a digital shot on his cell phone camera. It was weird.”
Mia nodded. “You write here that you intended to show this entry to Sam, and you ask him not to argue with you about it. Did he read it?”
“But, just so you understand, Mia - Cas doesn’t remove my bad memories just because they’re bad. That’s why I have multiple sets of memories from before Hell; Cas didn’t want to do damage by removing memories that could have been real, even where it was clear that Alastair had to have implanted at least one alternate memory, unless it was clearly a fake because obvious details were wrong. He didn’t want to remove Lisa and Ben’s memories of me, either; he only did so to protect them, when I begged him to do so, and he didn’t like it, then. He wouldn’t remove memories of a dream, no matter how bad it was. No, I don’t even need to ask Cas about that.
In the time it had taken them to play three games, Dean had drunk seven bottles of beer to Jody’s three.
He headed in the direction of NRR’s campus, but made a stop at a deli for lunch - pastrami on rye with melted muenster, onions, mayo, and brown mustard, and a diet Coke - along the way. While at the deli, he ducked into the bathroom with his duffle, and changed into his usual t-shirt and sweatpants. He wasn’t sure why he didn’t let his more formal side out at NRR, but he was always careful to change before going there, after being at the hospital.
“And here, you let Cas drive, and that made him happy. And then you reminded him that once the two of you are married, he’ll own half the car, and you say that he hadn’t realized that marrying you would have some tangible benefit. And so you told him that whatever you have is his to share, and you write here that you meant it and there wasn’t anything you have that you wouldn’t willingly give to Cas, but then giving to others has never been your problem, it’s learning how to take for yourself. So, Dean, tell me. Are you learning to take things for yourself, now?”
Mia nodded. “And here’s your letter to Bobby. Much shorter. Do you think you said everything you needed to, Dean?”
So, he went to Benny’s office, and they talked for quite a while. In fact, they ended up ordering a pizza, because they were both starving, but neither was willing to call time on the conversation. By the end of it, Gadreel was feeling better, and Benny was filled in on his full qualifications.
, if I was just some random chick in a bar who caught your eye…. Is that how you would have acted?” Claire asked.
to be the smart one, Dean. You certainly don’t strike me as being in any way mentally deficient. At some point, Dean, it might be interesting to have you take an IQ test, and some cognitive evaluation tests, and prove it to you.” Mia grinned at him, then turned the page to his entry from Wednesday afternoon.
“I took Cas, didn’t I?” Dean grinned. “I took Cas, and his love, and I intend to keep them. And honestly, I don’t know that I need a whole lot more than that, Mia.”
, D. Please? I need to know that I can trust my big brother, not just with myself, but to make good decisions in general. And it sounds like maybe you haven’t been for a long time. I get why, you’ve been though a ton of shit that no one should have to go through, but….”
“Very good, Dean. Now it’s later that evening. How are you feeling? What did you do next?” Mia asked, calmly.
“Well, as you read, you’ll see that Cas and I have resolved some things between us. But yeah, I was conflicted about my feelings for Cas for a really long time.”
come back. But Sam told me that you are in therapy, and that it seems to be helping, and I, well, I’m talking with someone, too, and thinking about things.” Cas glanced over at the bed where Sam was sleeping. “Might be a good idea for
God or not. So when he came upstairs last week, while I was here, he tried to find Joshua, but it turned out that after Metatron expelled all the angels from Heaven initially, Joshua never returned, and no one has seen him since then. Cas couldn’t even find out if he was still on Earth, or if he’d died and gone to the Empty; if so, he hadn’t been brought back, and he isn’t up in Heaven, now. So, like I said, Cas tried to make my suggestion work, but there was nothing he could do about the fact that Joshua simply wasn’t there.”
“In your journal entry, you pose a question to me about your homework. I think what you’ve been doing is helping tremendously. It helps me to get a feel for who you are, and who the important people in your life are, and how you feel about them. You write about your progress and your setbacks, both, with remarkable clarity and insight, Dean. You understand your own motivations and most of the time, I think just writing it down helps you to figure it out. Do you agree?”
“There was this one time, where Sam arrived at the end of the alley where I was being attacked by a vamp, and instead of coming to my rescue right away, he let the vamp turn me, in order to be able to use me as a way to track the Alpha Vampire. It wasn’t something Sam would have done with his soul intact, but he didn’t have his soul, and yeah, that made me feel that same way. But it wasn’t Sam’s fault.”
“We have alternate universes bleeding through into this one, people going missing between universes, and we don’t know why or how widespread the problem is. Cas and Balthazar and Gabriel have been kind of roaming the countryside fixing the bleed-through spots as they find them, but they can only do so much, and they can’t go too far without chancing ending up in another universe themselves.
The Queen looked out over the balcony at the garden below, festooned with balloons and ribbons and garlands in celebration of her son’s first birthday, and smiled. She held the boy in her arms, and whispered fairy tales in his ear, then gently laid him in his crib as the King entered the room and stepped up beside her.
us that. If she had, Mia, I swear, I would have tried to help her.  But I didn’t know, and I didn’t try to help; in fact, I made things
, that? How many times have I healed you, or Sam, when my grace was failing? How much time have I spent in the back seat of your car, riding with you when I could have simply flown? No, Dean.
Sam came over, giggling at a joke Alfie had told him. “Hey, guys, wanna hear a joke? Why do melons have to have a formal marriage ceremony? Because they
“Well, unfortunately, Dean, I don’t know that I have answers to any of those questions. We might be able to find some of them under hypnosis, but this is something that I don’t think I’d feel comfortable doing without Cas being present, in case something happened and you needed help. If you got sucked into Hell, for example, even under hypnosis, I might not be able to bring you out of it. So, maybe we could look into those questions during a session where Cas comes with you? Does that sound like a good idea to you, Dean?”
in your life, Dean. Every single point of contact has been taken from you, at one time or another. So, when you sniped at Cas,  you were pushing him away in self-sabotage, but you caught that mistake, and owned it. But when you spiraled out of control, it was because you were afraid that
“I told you earlier that I’ve been conflicted about my feelings for Cas for a long time. That’s why. I’ve been in love with Cas for ages, but I didn’t feel that I deserved him, didn’t think he’d ever feel the same way. But he admitted it first. And once he’d said it to me, well, that ended the conflict. Because deserve it or not, Cas’ love is something I’ve always wanted.”
Castiel suddenly realized that neither he nor any of the other royal children had actually been outside the Palace grounds in quite some time. The streets were quieter, very few people seemed to be out and about, and hardly anyone was at the market. The train station was practically deserted when they arrived, but for the people working there. Where were the lines, the crowds, the normal bustle of the throng of people moving from place to place that normally filled the station? He looked around, taking in the changes a bit nervously.
“Yeah. Lisa was an old girlfriend. Ben was her son. I thought he might have been mine, but she denied it. After Sam fell into the Cage, Cas rescued his body almost immediately, but no one told me. And Sam had asked me to quit hunting, to go and be with Lisa and Ben. So I tried. But I was always looking for danger, watching around corners. And I acted like a prison guard, and I made them miserable. And then Sam came and found me, and I went right back to hunting, just up and deserted them. But I kept coming back, and every time I did, it just made them unhappy. Lisa ended up in the hospital because of a demon attack, and I just couldn’t do it anymore. I knew they’d never be safe if I was in their lives. So Cas removed me from their memories, and I told them that they had been in a car crash, and I, the guy who hit them, just wanted to apologize. And then I walked away, and never saw them again.”
to. He’s important, but I don’t want to give him any more power over me by acknowledging that, y’know?”
He parked, got out, and had to use his key to enter the building. Bess Fitzgerald clearly wasn’t in the office yet.
“No, I was thinking therapy with Mia Vallens, Dean. She knows that the things you’d be talking about are real, that monsters exist, because she technically
of choice – to continue, on the one hand, to be tortured in the way you began your time in Hell, or, on the other, to be tortured in a completely different way, one in which you had a hope of occasional respite, which, from what you’ve said, never actually came. In some ways, that’s a
, something you want to shoot for, a goal; or is it something you’re actively putting into practice,
“Well, let me ask you this, Dean. When you and Sam were growing up, why did you take what John dished out - assuming, for the sake of argument here, for the moment, that all of your memories, including the ones we know to have been implanted and false, were real - why did you never stand up to your father and just say, ‘no’, Dean?”
“Under a bush out in front of the Millers’ house. He - or she (we should probably check, huh?) - looked cold, and wasn’t wearing a collar or anything. Maybe there’s a microchip, we can take it to the vet later, and see. But I wanted to get it warm and dry and fed as the first priority.”
. To say just that ‘I consider us friends’ would be to unfairly discount what I feel for you. You’ve
“I can’t send the letter to Cain, obviously, but I made a copy of the letter that I wrote to Collette, and had Cas take it with him up to Heaven to be delivered. I thought someone ought to let her know that the Mark is finally gone.”
“So, let’s see…. So you didn’t rewrite the letter to Cas, you wrote another in addition. Okay, that works. Did Cas read the letters, Dean?”
relapse, Mia, and I’m taking that seriously, but Sam cleared the Bunker of alcohol – he said if he wants a beer, he’ll just go out for one – so I’m not being tempted. I realize that means that if I do end up in a situation where I’m tempted, it might make it harder to resist, but I really want to just have it be away from me, for the time being. I’ve got other things I need to deal with first, if that makes sense.”
The child nodded, and he saw tear tracks. He handed her a tissue, but said nothing. She wiped her eyes, and looked away, embarrassed.
“Not exactly, Dean. You said you were sure you had written the same thing each day. But actually, there are several differences from entry to entry. You vary details significantly. I’m marking the differences, so you’ll be able to see them,” Mia told him, pen still moving quietly.
“I can’t retrain my mind to accept that I’m fully human, not merely a piece of property, but an actual person, with the
“Okay, so Saturday seems to have been a busy day for you, Dean. You wanna walk me through some of this?” Mia asked, gently.
“No, sweetheart. You said that you and Cas talked, and resolved some things between you. Is this letter still
“Um…we had dinner, and then Mom took me upstairs and put me to bed, while Dad watched the game on TV. And then Mom went to bed, too. I fell asleep. And then I woke up, because there were loud noises that I didn’t understand, people yelling, Mom screamed, and then everything got quiet for a minute. And then, I heard Dad yell, ‘Mary!’ and there was this really loud
“So, now I need to ask, Dean. Last week, you said your father hit you, and often, and you said this was the incident where that began. But
“That’s correct. As I recall, last week, when I asked you to do this assignment, you felt a little silly. So, having done the exercise, Dean, how do you feel about it now?”
“He was a Yellow-Eyed Demon, one of the four Princes of Hell, created by Lucifer. He fed demon blood to certain children to awaken dormant psychic powers in them to find a leader for a demon army. He wanted Sammy to be that leader. Of course, we didn’t know any of that then. We found it all out much, much later.”
“Yeah, we don’t have to do that right now, Mia.” Dean’s voice was getting quieter; his cheeks, which had been flushed just moments ago, were now pale.
“The truth, Cas, is that I am not, in fact, a good person. I try to do good things, and I try to do what’s right, but it’s not because I’m a good person. It’s because I’m
Claire got herself a cup of coffee and doctored it. Jody got herself a beer and sat down to Dean’s right. Claire came and sat across from Dean, to Jody’s right, and they rolled to see who would go first (Claire, playing Miss Scarlet (red)), second (Dean, playing Colonel Mustard (yellow)), and third (Jody, playing Mrs. Peacock (blue)).
“And then… the last day of the last year of the first thirty years I was in Hell… he came to me, and he didn’t laugh, and he wasn’t mockingly pitying, he just seemed… tired, maybe? And somehow kind. Like he was as sick of it all as I was, and maybe we could just hang out together for a minute in recognition of the fact that we were both at the mercy of forces beyond our power to understand. That day, he was something he’d never been before – sympathetic, and truly… kind. Like he was just too tired to keep being mean. It was the first real, true kindness I’d experienced since going downstairs. And that, I couldn’t resist.
to tell Cas. And Cas would have to handle that, somehow, but that was a concern for “future-Cas”. “Now-Cas” was eating, as his omega had instructed.
“When Sammy and I met her, she was twenty-two, and she only had about nine months left, and she was desperately looking for a way to get out of her contract, to escape the Hellhound she knew would be coming for her. But she didn’t
“Yeah. We just needed to talk it through, I think. He’s used to being, for lack of a better term, a ‘superior being,’ and he gets lost in his planning and organizing, and doesn’t listen. But when I called him on it, he
“Anyway, I apologized to Claire, and to Jody, and I told Jody that I just can’t be trusted around alcohol. And I wanted to tell you, too, and ask you to do me a favor.”
Castiel shook his head. The curricle drew up directly next to the train, and palace staff started unloading the baggage, as the royal children stayed put for the moment. The plan called for all of them to be on the same train at the start. Then, Sam and Dean would change trains closer to the border between Paradisio and Kansas, before the rails took a sharp turn to the east, toward Elyseum. Hopefully, that would prevent anyone from noticing that they were gone until it was too late to go after them.
. Wow. Like, Cas isn’t an Archangel, he’s younger, but Gabe thinks the world of him, says that Cas is ‘the best of us’, meaning of all the angels, who all consider themselves to be siblings. I mean, technically every angel is a brother or a sister of every other angel. But there are, for lack of a better word, cliques. The four Archangels, Gabe, Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael, they were the first created, and for a long time, it was just them, and God. And the four of them didn’t really, well,
“Sweetie, you don’t have to be ashamed of your tears. You’ve been through a lot - more than most people, and I know in your situation, I’d have done a lot more’n cry. You go right on ahead. Cry. Wail. Gnash your teeth. Scream. I’ll even do it with you. Because what you’re going through isn’t fair. It sucks. And sometimes the only way out is through, and the only way through is to just push, and pushing with that much effort takes a grunt, a groan, or a scream. So, scream all you want.”
mean to discount her feelings. I wasn’t trying to hurt her. I was saying no to what I felt was an overly generous offer because I thought she should keep her money for herself because she deserves to have good things happen to her. Cas told her a little bit of what I’ve been through, and why I generally don’t like to take things from people, and after that, she and I talked, and we made up.”
“So the next thing you wrote was a letter to yourself at ages 28-29, starting right after someone named Jake Tapper… cut through Sam’s spinal cord and kidneys with a hunting knife, and so you made a deal with a demon, and you tried to hide it from Bobby, but he figured it out, then you tried to hide it from Sam, and it took him a bit longer, but eventually he figured it out, as well. You write about the Hellhound coming for you, and you sort of gloss over your Hell experiences, passing over it to when you were rescued by Castiel, though you don’t know who or what got you out, at first. And then Bobby doesn’t believe it’s you, when you turn up on his doorstep. But once you’ve proved that it’s you, you say here, he simply accepts it. So, Dean, how did you prove that it was really you?”
And because he’d already slept deeply, his subconscious mind allowed him to trip into a REM cycle almost immediately.
“You write here that John told you one of the four following things:  one, that he did agree, and, going forward, he made sure to leave enough cash or to at least check in every couple of days; two, John said that it’s not his fault, you should have been a better thief, and then he backhanded you, knocked you down, and beats you with his belt; three, John told you that if you wanted more cash, there were many ways that you could make money, then took you to a bar and pimped you out to a trucker for $50, but at least the guy didn’t hurt you.
“I’m glad that you see now the difference between lust and affection, on the one hand, and true, real love, on the other.”
“Charlie was a hacker, she helped us take down Dick Roman – you might remember him, big corporate guy, thought he might run for president at some point? – she was like a little sister to Sam and I. She died soon after I got the Mark of Cain. I used it to kill the family that killed her, the Stynes.”
“It was Professor Plum, in the conservatory, with the lead pipe!” Dean said, winning the third game.
Dean noticed a drop of condensation rolling down the neck of the bottle, and licked his lips. He took another drink of water, and discovered that he’d finished the glass.
“Well, do you remember, did I tell you about the period of time where Sam was soulless, after Cas rescued him from the Cage?”
“So, you think his lack of concern is a failure of empathy, that he doesn’t understand your concerns as a human?”
“Yeah. Bobby was amazing, Mia. I wish you could’ve met him. You would’ve liked him, and I think he would’ve liked you. I think he would have approved of what you do, using your… talent, shall we say, to help people.”
, Mia. I never wanted to pull Lisa or Ben into the hunting life. They had a chance to stay clear of it, and I gave that to them. But it meant that I had to walk away. I can’t go back.”
. And then suddenly, Dad was there, and he was picking me and Sam up in his arms and hugging us, and then running with us in his arms, away from the house and that awful heat, out into the street. And then everything gets confused in my head, with the fire engines, and police cars, and ambulances, and all the neighbors standing around, gossiping.”
“You’re not a demon, Dean. But when you were a demon, it created pathways in your brain to thinking about doing and saying things that a demon would say, and those are still there. You will have to actively resist the temptation to act as you did then, and drinking reduces your ability to do that.
“Sam and I have a pretty big place that we inherited. It’s secluded, quiet, and protected from a lot of supernatural creatures. We call it the Bunker. Cas lives – was living – in the Bunker with us. But after that fight, he…left.”
“Kiddo, you got a little mini-sun in your soul, and it is blazing brightly. I could tell the minute it flared, and I could tell the second you got it better under control, but you need to dim it way down, if you can. I’ll leave you two alone, just wanted to give you the heads up that your light, while very pretty, is dangerous. Bye.” Gabe vanished again.
"And it’s okay to write letters to people from the past, too. Your father? Bobby? Whoever. It might help to put your feelings down on paper.
“But the fact that the pattern included Claire this time only amplifies my anger. You’re just damned lucky I have Claire on my radar, so to speak. Or is that why you chose to ‘be stupid’ with
. So Sam’s body, soulless, walked around for a year before anyone realized, and his soul was still down in the Cage, being tortured. Death rescued Sam’s soul, and put it back in his body, but part of it was walled off, so Sam wouldn’t have to deal with memories of the abuse he’d suffered. But the wall broke, and Sam had hallucinations, and started to lose his sanity. Cas felt guilty, so he took the damage from Sam’s soul into himself, and Cas lost
“Hello, Dean.” Cas peeked out of the kitchen, smiling. “You have good timing; I’m just finishing dinner, now.”
Upon arriving at the train station, the royal children discover that there's no one on the train but themselves and railroad employees. Even their tutors have left them, the footmen who unloaded the baggage and stowed it onto the train have gone back to the palace. They're alone, for the first time in their entire lives. The younger kids are giddy with freedom, but Cas and Dean know enough to be frightened by this turn of events - and even more when the train suddenly slows to a stop in the middle of nowhere, for no apparent reason. Cas tells the younger kids that they're all going to play 'let's pretend that we're not royal', they're just all an ordinary family, all brothers and one sister, on a journey to visit family. Sam, older than Anna and Alfie, gets it, but the younger two do not, and are excited to play the game.
“Well, Bobby thought that I had to be either a shapeshifter, or a revenant. So, I cut my arm with his silver blade, which proved I was neither of those. Oh. Um. Sorry, Mia.”
“All right, Dean. I have a suggestion. Forget about your past. Concentrate on your present. You’ve been with Cas, sexually, now, on several occasions, correct?”
belong to Alastair, or if there were any way for Alastair to assert some kind of claim over you, now. I asked if
day, until by the end of the day, there was nothing left of me, and I had to be rebuilt up from scratch, from bare atoms and scraps of my soul. There’s no respite from torture when you pass out or die if you’re already dead, see - they can just keep going, and you feel everything they do, no matter what.
“Of course. You’re one of my dearest friends, Gad. Do you think I could let you suffer, any more than I could any of my patients, if it was in my power to stop it? Any more than you’d let me suffer if the situation was reversed?”
“No, he didn’t, Dean. You’re absolutely right. Let it out, Dean. Let it out, and let it go.” Mia moved to sit next to Dean, and put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Dean turned into her, and bawled like a baby, and Mia let him.
“I’m making healthier choices. I’m reaching out to the people around me, instead of shutting them out. Letting them help, letting them be supportive of me. And they’re reaching back. And now I see I never really needed the crutch of alcohol. I just needed to open my eyes to the fact that I’m loved. I have a family who loves me, Mia. I was never alone. I just couldn’t see it. Whether because of Dad, or Alastair, or because I’m just an idiot, I just couldn’t see it.”
, because what if he leaves? What if we have this amazing relationship I know we can have, if we let ourselves, and I get used to it, and then he decides it’s not what he wants, and so he
Mia continued to read, and flushed a little; he knew she’d gotten to the part where he’d said that he trusted her not to judge him for what he chose to write about, and he smiled. She glanced up and saw the smile. “Thank you, Dean.”
As he passed the last stand of trees in the little woods between the Smiths' house and their own, Dean upped the pace yet again. The wind was whipping up, and he wanted to get himself and the kitten inside, pronto.
“Balthazar also served in Cas’ garrison, under Cas, for a long time. At one point, he collected a bunch of Heaven’s weapons, and hid them, and when Cas was fighting with Raphael for control of Heaven – Cas won, obviously – Balth got him the weapons cache by sending Sam and I as a lure to an alternate reality, hoping that Raph and his goon, Virgil, would chase us there; they did. Cas pulled us back, and Raph and Virgil were stuck there for a while. But it was always kind of hard for Sam and I to tell where Balth stood, whether he was on Cas’ side, or not. So, it was nice to know that The Cosmic Entity sent him back, as being loyal to Cas.”
About ten minutes later, Dean came down again, wearing clean dry sweatpants and t-shirt, towel slung around his neck, comfy, thick, heavy wool socks on his feet. He looked much warmer, as well as happier. He joined Cas at the table, and dug into the food with gusto.
“Okay, Dean, let’s stop for a minute and unpack some of that, okay?” Mia smiled softly. “Let’s start with the various kinds of sexual torture, because even a single rape can have a lasting effect on your sex life forever. Have you felt like the episodes of rape and other sexual torture in Hell have affected you, once you came back? Been hesitant to have sex, changed what you were willing, or wanting, to do in bed at all?”
“Sam said I had to stop drinking. I…well, I agreed with him. So I stopped. I’ve only wanted a drink once since that night, and I went for a drive, instead. I don’t know why I drank tonight. And I really don’t know why I acted that way with Claire. Cas, are you absolutely sure I’m cured, that I’m not a demon?”
“Lisa is an ex-girlfriend. I had a one-night stand with her, a really long time ago. Nine years later, I tried to hook up with her to have another one-nighter, and I literally walked in on her son’s eighth birthday party. Kid’s like a little mini-me. Leather jacket, hard rock, likes classic cars and attractive women. Mia, I swear to you, my jaw was on the floor. I was convinced immediately that he was my kid. But Lisa denied it. Said she’d had testing done and that she’d been attracted to a ‘type’, there was a biker guy and Ben was his kid, not mine. But I’ve never really been convinced; not sure why, exactly.”
less than two weeks before Emma came looking, so I’m thinking Emma overheard something she wasn’t meant to hear, and misunderstood. But then she explained. Lydia was an Amazonian. A race of all-female demi-Gods, they seek out human men with whom to procreate; all it takes is a one-night stand. The child is born within hours, and within a few days, grows to adulthood. The girls are then trained to become merciless mercenary killers, and their final exam is to seek out their fathers, and kill them.
“No. So, in addition to the fact that you were clearly under duress, Dean, add the fact that you were uninformed about the repercussions of your actions as another reason why you’re not to blame for them.”
"Mia said I should try to work through it on my own, first, but then I should talk to you, and see what you remember.
“I also wanted to suggest that for at least one session, you might want to bring Castiel along with you, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Well, he flew back. It made worrying about losing him at some point in the vague far off future seem ridiculous.”
“No. Not after what you told me about the things John used to do, and not after this nonsense about not having a state funeral for your mother, and not letting you boys come home. If this ‘Uncle Bobby’ was kind to you, then no, it’s not horrible to think good things of him, at all. In fact, I wish I could meet him.” Cas smiled softly at his best friend.
a kid, you haven’t been for a really long time. And maybe my having finally noticed that fact is what prompted my drunk brain to act around you the way I did. I don’t know. I just know that I shouldn’t have said what I said, and should never have treated you that way, and I’m sorry for it.”
Dean nodded. “I met her mother, Lydia, at a bar. She was gorgeous. Little black dress, black hair, beautiful. She was trolling, and decided she wanted me. So, we went back to her place, and we had a one-night stand. I would have been up for more than that, but it was Lydia who insisted that we were done. I went back a few days later, and she had a child, a three-year-old. She insisted that I leave. I guessed that I had misread the situation, that there must be a relationship I didn’t know about; maybe it was the kid’s father, maybe it was someone else, but she didn’t want me around, so, I left. A few days later, maybe twelve days after the one-night stand with Lydia, I’m in my motel room, Sam’s gone out. This young woman, looked about fifteen, sixteen years old, maybe, comes looking for me, says she’s my daughter, Emma. Says Lydia’s her mom.
“But? But what, Dean? Those souls were going to be tortured, with you present, without you present, with you taking part or no. They are irrelevant to your blameworthiness, Dean. And I bet Castiel would say the same. Wouldn’t he?” Mia pressed her advantage.
At that point, an irritated-looking nurse strode in. “Miss Wills! What did I tell you about making noise! Oh. Dr. Jones. I didn’t see you there.”
Then Benny shared his own secret. Most people at NRR thought he was just a therapist, but in fact he was a full psychiatrist, able to prescribe medications and diagnose medical conditions, with his own M.D. and Ph.D. combination. He told Gad that there were only three people at NRR who knew that about him, prior to that evening - Castiel, Balthazar, and Pamela. “And now, you, Brother.”
. She was actually Cas’ commanding officer in his garrison for a long time, but she rebelled, and fell to Earth, and got separated from her grace on the way down. She was reborn as a human as a result, and was adopted by the Milton family. But when she was a teenager, she started hearing voices in her head. It was Angel Radio, but she didn’t know that, and she couldn’t turn it off or tune it out, and what the angels were saying scared her, so she committed herself for psychiatric treatment. She checked herself out shortly before I got out of Hell. The rest of the important stuff is in the letter. It’s one of three I made copies of, to have Cas deliver, if possible; neither he nor I know if she’s in Heaven. He wasn’t sure if she had been particularly loyal to him, enough that The Cosmic Entity would have awakened her and sent her back to help us.”
Should Sam and Dean really trust Ruby? If she's telling the truth, why on Earth would Mary be working with Ruby and the Abyssinian Guard?
The King was busy writing something, and waved a hand to indicate he’d heard the comment, and that the Queen could do as she wished. Naomi sighed, and went to her own room to write out some invitations for play dates to the local nobility with children, and even some letters regarding potential long-term fostering arrangements with countries that were close to their own kingdom of Heaven-on-Earth - or Paradisio, as it was sometimes called outside its own borders. She knew that there were a few such kingdoms that had children close to Castiel’s age, and she hoped that by pooling those children in one location - which location might move from time to time to different countries, as children decided they wanted to go home, and took their friends with them - her own child might be less lonely.
“You write here that Alastair gave you false memories of your father’s abuse of you in order to condition you to accept a deal.”
Cas looked horrified for a second, then got the joke and gave a full-blown belly laugh. After a moment, Dean joined in. They both laughed until their sides ached from it.
“Dean, Claire told me what happened. She said it didn’t go very far, and she’s okay, but you scared her because you’d been drinking and didn’t seem able to control yourself. How much did you drink?” Cas asked. He still sounded angry, but his tone was slightly different. Dean couldn’t quite identify the change.
“No thanks necessary, Mrs. Rose. Alicia’s a good girl, and she’s getting around much better now - that’s all the thanks I need.” He smiled, picked up his coffee, and waved as he went out the door into the building lobby, heading for the elevator.
be fixed, by Cas, or anyone else, not even you. But you can help me and give me the tools to work on making
“Yeah, and it was a mess, but we finally worked it out and got him some  solid good new things to wear. And while he was trying on clothes, I went and got the rings. I’d made dinner reservations, and booked us a room in a nice B&B, and it was really lovely, if I do say so myself, as a setting for a proposal.” Dean smiled softly, but looked a little proud, too.
Dean looked at Cas, a question in his eyes. Cas nodded. “Much as I love to see your light, Dean, it would be wise to hide it, for now. Keep asking it to dim, like before, until I tell you to stop.”
. And then he packed up all our stuff, and drove us to his friend’s house, and we stayed with Pastor Jim for a while. Didn’t hear from Dad for a few months. Didn’t know if he was alive or dead, whether he was okay or not. And then one day, he was there, and it was back on the road for us, like nothing had happened.”
The letter writing and journaling continue. Dean's having bad dreams with some nasty side effects, so he asks Cas for help in trying to figure out what his subconscious is trying to tell him, and the relevant parts of those conversations are included here.
“Donna is one of the sheriffs that we work with occasionally as hunters, she does some hunts of her own, and she gets us information that we need sometimes when we have a case up by her; she’s in Minnesota. Jody is another sheriff, she’s in South Dakota. Both of them are great people and good friends, and they’ve sort of become family to me and Sammy. Claire is…complicated. Remember I said that angels need vessels? Most humans can’t see or hear angels in their true form; they have to possess a human, with permission, in order to be able to communicate with us. Cas possessed Claire’s father, Jimmy Novak. Jimmy died; in fact, Lucifer killed Jimmy and Cas, but God brought Cas back, in Jimmy’s body. Jody took Claire in after demons killed her mother, Amelia. Sam and Cas and I got Claire to Jody. Cas felt an obligation to Claire, and she’s always been kind of like a little sister to me and Sam. Claire’s a hunter, too, sometimes.”
Mia raised her hands in surrender. “All right. Next, you write that Cas ‘said he was thinking he’d lay down, too. So, I asked if he was tired - because with an archangel’s power to draw on, as well as his own, he shouldn’t be tired, so if he is, that’s a concern - and he said no, but he’d thought it would be nice to snuggle, and it has been a while since we tried a new ‘one new thing’ - and that freaked me out a bit. I don’t want to be intimate with Cas with Lucifer - or anyone else, either - tagging along, as it were, and I snapped at him.  He asked if something was wrong, and I told him, and we got past it. He agreed that we should wait until Lucifer is no longer sharing his vessel, and he understands why I am uncomfortable. I shouldn’t have snapped, and I owe him an apology for that, but it did lead to communication, eventually. And yeah, that’s because Cas asked - but he wouldn’t have asked, before. It would have just been just another dead issue, lying between us, building a wall. Those walls are down, now, and once he did ask, I was fine with explaining. The snap was instinctual,and I need to work on that, still, but hey, we talked! Progress!’ Well, Dean, that
Dean and Cas looked at each other. Thirty ducats was about the equivalent of a Kansian quarter. It would buy them maybe a single cup of black coffee - sugar and cream would cost extra. “I don’t, Sammy. I was just wondering if you had any Kansian coins on you, for when we get home?”
books’ publisher went under and new ones weren’t coming out anymore, although Chuck was still writing them, then - God took Chuck’s body over as a vessel, and I guess started pretending that Chuck had been God all along. But now, God is gone, and Chuck is, as he puts it, ‘swimming back up to the surface for the first time in a long time,’ and back to being human. And a rabbity nervous little human, he is, too.”
“Well, let me read on, here, then, since you say you wrote about the dream.” Mia continued to read. “This bit here is a little disturbing, Dean. You write that Alastair had you on the rack, and he told you that he’s dead, so the only way he can affect you is when you come to him in your dreams, and then he intimates that you’ve done so, previously. You write that he told you that ‘You want the pain, Dean. You crave it. You need it. I put that need in you, and it has never diminished. Oh, you can resist it, for a while. And when you start to actively seek it out, Castiel tries to shepherd you away from it. And he succeeds, for a while. But you always end up back here, eventually. Of course, he soothes you, wipes away the memory of the ‘bad dream,’ sometimes even before you awaken. But you always come back, Dean.’ Have you had dreams of Alastair before, Dean, that you can remember? Did you ask Castiel if he had been preventing such dreams, or removing the memories of them?”
“Gad, you’re not in trouble. And if you don’t want us to list your degrees, we won’t - but you could have told us, at any time, and I’m just a little confused as to why you hadn’t. You don’t have to tell me, I’d never force you. I’m just… curious. But if there’s some trauma there, I’ll just let it go, promise.”
Despite the caffeine, he found himself nodding off, and yawning widely, after about thirty minutes of paperwork. He set an alarm on his phone for 8:00, and laid down on the couch in his office, facing the back of the couch. He fell asleep almost instantly.
“Whether or not Castiel needs individual therapy would be up to Castiel. I certainly would not be averse to talking with him if he wanted to come in, but I have no idea if that would be something he might want or feel a need to do. I don’t believe that you’ve described him as someone with a myriad of psychological problems, desperate for time on a therapist’s couch?” Mia quirked up an eyebrow.
is one more thing you have to think about when you make a decision about whether to drink or not, or whether to pick up some random chick and say skeevy things to her. And maybe my worry will tip the balance in the right direction.”
“Yeah. God - Chuck - whatever, he made this gun, he called it the Equalizer. He wanted me to use it to shoot Jack. What he didn’t initially tell me was that it didn’t shoot regular bullets; it gathers a piece of the shooter’s soul, and shoots that - and whatever damage is done to the target, is done to the shooter as well. So, if you shoot God, and you kill him, well, you die, too. So if I
She grinned at them, and they smiled back. They were a good group of kids, and she was going to miss them fiercely, but she had only just enough money for her own journey back to her own homeland, Moondoor, and she could not waste any in buying a ticket to go with them. Why the queen had failed to provide guards and nannies and tutors for the journey was beyond her. A retinue would have made far more sense than simply sending five children ranging in ages from 10 to 16 out into the world on their own. Still, she knew the children were bright, and Castiel and Dean, the eldest of them at 16, were responsible and loyal to a fault. They’d take care of the younger ones.
Castiel shook his head. “I gave Benny my savings to buy your extra tickets into Kansas and from Kansas back. He didn’t have to buy the whole journey to Elyseum, because you can use your ticket from the border of Kansas and Pardisio into Elyseum anytime, you just have to be sure not to lose it. But it took all the cash I had given him, plus some of his own savings that he had along in his pocket at the time.”
“So, what do you suggest, Sam? AA? Sit around at a weekly meeting with a bunch of other drunks, where we talk about how great God is? Because I don’t think that’s gonna work,
. Miss Bradbury had said goodbye, and had not boarded the train. The footmen had stowed their bags, and gotten back onto the backs of the curricles, and had not boarded the train. There were apparently some railroad staff on board, but no one to be specifically in charge of
for your behavior the night before. That was really good. Yes, you spiraled, but you didn’t spiral about
“The bit where I’m talking to myself? Yeah, I knew you’d laugh.” Dean grinned, but still looked uncomfortable.
“Well, I knew what he was doing. I couldn’t really take offense, y’know? He knew I had been in Hell; me coming back as I did didn’t really make a lot of sense, so me being a meat suit for a demon? That made a lot more sense to him, and I can’t blame him for it.” Dean grinned. “But after that? He didn’t need anything further. Just gave me a hug, told me it was good to see me, and that was it. Just accepted me for me, just like he always had.”
“Cas, at the bunker, that night, when you told me you were done, I was expecting it. I’ve been waiting for you to leave, for you to just finally be done with me,
. It’s a twisty kind of logic. Of course, he was setting me up to fail, so it didn’t work out, but he’s a demon; demons lie.”
Sam whispered something to Dean, but Dean shushed him quickly. Cas leaned toward Dean, silently asking for Sam’s query. Dean whispered to Castiel, “Sam’s just nervous, no worries.” Cas nodded, and leaned back against the seat to resume looking at the train, the station, and the lack of people.
“Yes. I remember.” Mia was still irritated with John Winchester. “It says here that you’ve realized that Cas is ‘the love of your life, and Sam is all for it.’ I take it that means you discussed the proposal plans with Sam?”
Dean shook his head, grateful for the non-royal friend who’d been like a brother to them both. “Thank goodness for Ben. I’m going to miss him.”
He walked around the floor, stopping at each room - whether it currently housed a patient assigned to him or not - for a quick word with the patient and, if possible, their parents. Just some light encouragement, if it wasn’t his patient, but he’d been told before that even that little common touch could really help. With his own patients, he stayed longer.
“You don’t do that look nearly as well as Sam, D. And no, it’s getting late. I need to go to bed.” Claire smiled fondly at him, then carried her mug to the sink.
“Sammy was sitting at the kitchen table. The room wasn’t like a regular motel room, it was almost an apartment, but it still had kind of a skeevy feel to it, ‘cause it was so run down and kinda grimy. But it had a separate bedroom, and a kitchen with a stove and a full-sized refrigerator, and a real table with chairs to eat at, and that was kinda nice.
Mia smirked a little, but didn’t comment; she simply turned the page to the next entry. “Well, this Friday morning entry is a little depressing, Dean. It’s good that you’re making a point not to blame Cas for your memory issues, but then you went on to attack yourself pretty mercilessly, here. You write that you’ve ‘fucked things up’ between the two of you, that you’re ‘pathetic’, that Cas is ‘better off’ without you, and you should tell him to go find someone who’ll accept him for who he is, that you don’t believe that you deserve to be saved, loved, to have Cas as your best friend, in your life, or as part of your family, and that although Cas deserves to be happy, you’ve never tried to make him happy, because you believe you’ll fail.
“I honestly don’t know, Mia. Sometimes I think of how great it would be if he were here, in that moment. And other times, I’m glad he’s dead, because trying to live my life the way he expected me to, demanded of me, was
“Because even as I said it, I knew it wasn’t true. We’ve discussed already that what I felt for Cassie wasn’t really love, it was a healthy dose of lust and attraction, with some admiration thrown in. But she didn’t believe in me, or trust me, and I need someone who’ll do both. And that’s what I learned from her - that I need someone who will believe in me and trust me.”
"I want to give you some homework, Dean. I want you to start a journal. I want you to write it from the standpoint of that ten-year-old Dean, who just needed some air and some free time. Write about what happened, and how you felt about it. Each night, for a week, write about that one incident, without looking back at the prior entries. And then bring that with you when you come back next week. Can you do that?”
“At any rate, Dean, this is simply more proof of the goodness of your soul. I didn’t need it, but you did. Trust me, a bad person’s soul wouldn’t light up like this.
“On that note, Ben, I think it’s time we both headed home. It’s getting late. This’ll be the latest I’ve gotten to bed all week, in fact.” Gad yawned.
“You don’t get to make that decision, Dean. I get to choose when and at whom I smile. You’re not the boss of me.” Cas grinned.
“When you were on the demon blood. Instead of weaning you off, like Bobby suggested, I insisted on making you go cold turkey; locked you in the panic room with your hallucinations, and left you here with Bobby to stand guard. It was a shit thing to do, and it could have killed you. And I didn’t get it, Sam. I didn’t get what that was like for you.
He stood on tiptoes to look over the reception desk at the clock that Bess kept by her computer and phone - and discovered that it was only 6:00… meaning that he must have gotten up around 4:30. He bonked himself on the head, then went to the staff breakroom kitchen to start a pot of coffee. He waited for it to brew, poured himself a cup, and took it to his office, where he drank it while working on paperwork.
Mia smiled softly. “Put the blame for Hell behind you, Dean. Stop letting it tear you up. You were never to blame for what Alastair did - to you, or to the other souls that were there. Let it go.” Mia read on in the journal, watching Dean’s face out of the corner of her eye, as he slumped back on the couch, seeming to be a little bit in shock.
“Exactly. Dean, Cas has been with you, through thick and thin, for what, eleven years? I think you can count on him sticking around in the future, too.”
He went back upstairs, ironed a shirt and put it on, then repeated the process with his dress slacks. Then he left again for his Wednesday morning rounds at Seattle Children’s Hospital, the only hospital in town where he still maintained privileges. He had about twenty patients, all under the age of 16, and none of them were victims of war. Most had yet to present, even.
“So, in your entry last Tuesday, after our last session, you wrote about how afraid you were, how much stress you were under as a child, and how you couldn’t let your brother see your fear, because then he’d also be afraid, and it would cause a ‘feedback loop of never-ending terror.’ You say here that ‘humor, charm, and competence became my cover.’ I think that’s very insightful, Dean. I wonder, have you ever told your brother, I mean, since he became an adult, about those specific feelings that you had, back then?” Mia asked.
“Because, Dean, I can tell when you’re making an effort, on something’s that’s really important. I’m not about to make fun of you about something that I know is really sensitive. Other things, yes. But not about
“This tradition of the egg seems odd. What if the egg “leads me” to someone unsuitable, someone unstable, someone who doesn’t love me? It sounds a little dangerous, even. I could end up with anyone!”
why I didn’t tell you.” Gadreel rose and strode from Bal’s office before Bal could respond further. He went back to his own office, and grabbed his duffel, then headed for the parking lot.
“All right, Dean. Have a good week, then. See you Tuesday.” Mia walked him to the door and gave a little wave as he drove off in the Impala.
He’d let Dean “surprise” him, so long as he told him that evening. If he didn’t, it meant that Dean, for some reason, was
“Call the palace from the station? Call collect? Is there someone you could call who would come and get you without telling your father right away?” Cas whispered back.
Dean considered that. “Maybe? I mean, no, I don’t think that, actively. But maybe subconsciously? I.. I don’t know. Maybe that’s what the dream was trying to tell me?”
“And then you mention Lisa and Ben; you say you were ‘playing house’ with them while Sam was soulless and hunting without you, that you pretended to have a nice little suburban family life, but it was all just smoke and mirrors, until Sam came to you, you deserted them, and had Cas erase you from their memories.”
“I don’t think it had really crossed his mind. I missed so much school, they had to hold me back. I knew Sammy was smart, he started reading on his own, and then I worked on it with him so he’d get better at it. I didn’t want him to miss out.”
“Maybe not, Dean, but if you didn’t understand why you did the things you do, we’d have to unravel that, first. It lets us get straight to the heart of the matter. It may not seem easier to you, but I’ve watched a lot of patients struggle with the ‘
Castiel made a mental note to ask his mother if his father had truly let some egg decide their fate. Not that he didn’t believe Inias, but it just seemed such an outlandish thing for his normally sedate (and to be honest, a little nerdy) parents to do. Even at the tender age of four, Castiel was a smart child, with doubts, who tested everything, and many of Inias’ stories seemed to him to be a little too good to be true.
“That said, it seems you got it under control fairly quickly. By late afternoon, you were talking about taking care of Cas. Nice recovery, Dean.”
“Good for you, Dean. And that brings us to the Monday afternoon journal entry. And you say here that Lucifer ‘offered’ to go into Shann. Tell me about that, Dean.”
“Now, you write that  you have reason to believe that all three of those reaction memories are false. The first one, there’s no way John actually left enough cash or checked in on you often enough, and while you can’t imagine why Alastair gave you a false memory where John was good, it just doesn’t seem real. The second one doesn’t feel right to you for reasons previously discussed, primarily because Sam doesn’t recall John ever having been physically abusive, beyond the neglect. The third one doesn’t feel right to you because John, in your other memories, was homophobic. That all seems to be in line with what we’ve discussed, Dean.
“What about Sam, Dean? Has Sam ever done anything, said anything, to make you feel that same way, that you belonged to him, that you were a piece of property, rather than a family member?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. He wasn’t upset that we’d run out of food, or that I’d tried to steal some. He was pissed that I got caught.”
“It’s a long story, so probably not right now. Short version: it was a spell. She got free, I helped her to reconcile with her brother, and she wanted to reward me, so she gave me back my mother.”
“I’ve been trying to quit drinking. I don’t know why I drank tonight. Bad habits die hard, I guess. And I have a lot of them. And one of them is hurting the people I care about.”
It was early November, but it was still fairly warm, so Dean had his window down. The radio was set to the classic rock station, and Dean was keeping time with his thumbs on the steering wheel.
“And then he thought I might be just a meat suit for a demon pretending to be me, rather than really just me. So he threw some holy water in my face. Which, of course, had no effect, other than to leave me dripping, and a little angsty.”
“So everyone headed off to bed, or at least their own rooms, and you and Cas went back to your room, and Cas started in again to read the rest of your journal, and you write that ‘when I started to write this entry this morning, I found a note from him: “Dean, I read the whole thing from start to finish, and I am honored that you trust me with so much of yourself. I am so proud of you and the progress you’ve made so far, my heart. Thank you for loving me so much, and for finally being willing to take a chance. I love you. Always, Cas.” It made me smile. And that’s everything, except for today’s assignment - my letter to future me.’ That’s it? ‘It made me smile’?”
“That’s good, Dean. Communication is essential to a good relationship, so if you have time, and you can think out and write down what you want to say, it helps you to communicate. Just remember,  you have to actually say the words, too.” Mia smiled.
. I had Cas erase their memories of me. They can’t be put back. That’s why I say in the letters to Lisa and Ben that I can’t send the letters to them – they wouldn’t know who I was, it would just confuse them.”
“I think that it would make more sense to you if you read everything in the order in which I wrote it, Mia.” Dean grinned at her. “I made a lot of progress this week, and if you just read the letters, you’ll see it, but you won’t understand the reasons behind them.”
Cas reached across the table and took Dean’s hand, holding it gently. Dean squeezed, and held on tightly, as if Cas’ hand was a lifeline to safety and security. “Dean. You had no choice.” Dean started to protest, but Cas cut him off. “No. Dean.
“You write here about your drinking being of concern to you, and to your family. How much do you drink, Dean?”
“So the fourth option is that John told you there were ways for you to make money, and then taught you how to hustle pool, and you say here that you think this is most likely because you know that John did, at some point, teach you how to hustle pool, and then you turned around and taught Sam. And I agree that this does sound like the most likely choice.
Mia nodded. She opened the notebook, and passed quickly through the pages from his earlier assignment, which she had already seen. She found the entry written the same day as his last session, and began to read. She nodded occasionally, as if agreeing with some point Dean had made in his writing.
“That works. And I understand that I have an appointment with Sam on Thursday. I’m looking forward to that.”
“He is. But then, he and I have always had each others’ backs. The only time in his life when I didn’t support Sam, I regretted it.”
Dean considered it. “Maybe. I really didn’t know what to write to myself in the future. It’s hard, because for so long I kind of assumed the future was the one thing I wouldn’t have to worry about, y’know? I mean, Mia, I died at 29. I thought it was forever, when I went down. Cas pulled me out after four months, but if not for that, it would have been forever. The future wasn’t something I ever really thought about.” Dean shrugged.
“Dean…wow. Um. Wow. Okay. When I said yesterday that I remembered Dad hitting you, I meant like a cuff on the back of the head kind of thing, or during training, teaching you how to fight. Not an abusive, backhanding you or beating you, kind of thing. No. Not even drunk. I mean, I guess it
. And every day, at some point in the day, I got killed. For about 120 days. Sammy finally figured it out, and got Gabe to knock it off. And now, with all of that behind us, it’s funnier than it was then, so now it’s kind of a joke that I put it in there. Gabe’ll get it. Sending that one.” Dean grinned.
Dean left the garage a little late that night. It was on the cool side, and he was regretting having left the house that morning without hat or gloves or scarf, but it wasn’t far to go to get home, so rather than call and disturb Cas (who was probably making their dinner) for a ride, he was just hoofin’ it as fast as he could.
Castiel knew that, as Crown Prince, he would someday be King, of course. But he saw no reason why he could not also be a healer. He wanted to learn everything he could.
“I understand, Dean. You were a child, forced to become a parent, and take on responsibilities you never should have had to deal with at that age. I think you
me. I didn’t misbehave, ever, I was never rebellious – that was Sam – but if I didn’t do what Dad told me to do,
“You tell yourself here that you didn’t do anything wrong; that it was Azazel’s fault, not yours. But then you write that 36 years later, you still don’t really believe that. You say that ‘emotionally, I’m still you,” meaning the four-year-old version of you. You also say that ‘everyone leaves’ you. Is that still how you feel today, a week later, Dean?”
He thought about scent blockers, but remembered he’d be in the pool for most of the morning; they’d be washed away within a minute of his first setting foot in the water. He couldn’t rely on blockers. He could only rely on his will today - and he just didn’t think he had it in him.
should give it to him. You’re a little down on yourself in it, but the majority of it is so positive and uplifting. I don’t think it will hurt Sam to read any of this, and I think he’d be happy to know that you’re so proud of him, and that you love him.”
“Chuck has been apparently playing vessel to God for the past ten years, and God’s been playing it like Chuck
Dean shook his head. He continued to hold Castiel’s hand, but avoided his gaze, keeping his eyes down and on the table between them. “No, Cas. You’re forgetting. That’s not all that I agreed to. If all I had done was agree to be Alastair’s sex slave, his pet to torture, I’d agree with you that I was blameless. But I also agreed to torture others. I did torture others. And I enjoyed it, Cas. I was good at it. Every now and then, there’d be a quiet moment when I had time to think and I’d realize anew what I was doing, and I’d regret it, be sorry for it, for them. But Cas, those moments were few and far between. Maybe Alastair screwed with my wiring, or maybe I was always messed up – but I came out of Hell hardwired as a sadist, Cas.
Mia got to the part of the entry where Dean wrote about Cas being in love with him, and admitted to being in love with Cas.
. Dean, you cannot control Cas. He’s his own person. If he decides to go, you can’t stop him from leaving, and that
. A lot. At both of us, but more me than Sam. He favored Sammy. I was his little soldier, someone to give orders who had to fulfill them. Sammy was the golden child,” Dean stated. It was just a fact, not said with bitterness.
“Nah, I told you, I’m thirsty.” He danced for a moment, turning  Claire, then, when she was away from the refrigerator, whirled and opened it, getting out yet another beer.
“Because I don’t see the point. We’ve discussed him, I’ve talked about Ben with Cas, and Sam, they know about him, it’s not like he’s a secret, but there’s nothing I can do to bring him back into my life. And it hurts, so yeah, I don’t talk about him, because why bring up a painful subject?”
“Well, it’s really better called the Mark of Darkness. Originally, it was a birthmark on Amara’s shoulder. When God locked her away, he tore that section of skin off and fused the birthmark onto Lucifer’s arm, and that was the key to her holding cell. It turned Lucifer dark, corrupted him. Then Lucifer passed that mark to Cain, but couldn’t remove it from himself. When Cain died, he was immediately reborn as a demon, and Lucifer make him a Knight of Hell. Eventually, Cain passed the mark to me. I resisted for awhile, but gave in, and died, and was reborn as a demon. Sam cured me with consecrated blood, but I still bore the mark. So, we had Rowena, a witch friend of ours, cast a spell to remove it. And in so doing, we freed Amara from her prison.”
“Now, it’s more that people that I love might… wander away, but they also wander back to me. Sam left, but he came back, and stayed. Cas left, but he came back, and he’s staying. I believe in Cas, I believe in
“No. I wouldn’t let him. If it looked like Sam might get into trouble, I found a way to get Dad’s attention. Made him hit me, instead,” Dean admitted.
“Well, he hadn’t been able to find me in the cabin, and he knew I hadn’t been planning on going outside. As far as he could tell, Gabe, Hannah, and Balthazar were all gone, too, when he got done talking to Amara. And then Billie showed up, and they got to talking, and they decided it would be a good idea to try to talk to the Cosmic Entity, which meant going to the Empty, so, just as I took a turn in the cabin that put me back in the same universe with them, I saw them - from behind them, so they didn’t see me - disappearing. And then, while they were gone, they found the other Lucifer, and decided he should come back with them to the Bunker; then when they got there, they found that the Bunker was heavily over-warded, and they needed Lucifer’s powers to strip some of the spells so they could get inside, and in order to make that possible, Lucifer needed a vessel. Billie, as she’s Death, literally couldn’t be a vessel if she wanted to be one, so that left Cas, and he agreed to share his vessel with Lucifer. Now, obviously, I wasn’t around to consult with on any of this, so far as Cas knew. So, he didn’t. But he had agreed not to just go haring off, and so he was concerned, and Balthazar told him that he was right to be, that I would be upset with him for it. So, he apologized, and then, when I wasn’t upset, and told him that he’d acted reasonably and properly under the circumstances, I think it maybe blew his mind a bit.”
, Dean. With every drink, with every pick-up, with every time you go out on a hunt not caring if you live or die, with every self-destructive thing you do, you’re stabbing my
The younger kids nodded, and Sam’s nod was a little slower. Sam winked at Cas, indicating that he’d figured it out, that they maybe weren’t safe, and that Cas didn’t want the younger kids to know. Fortunately, all the children were wearing simple winter clothes. The clothes were of good quality, of course, but nothing that would scream “royal” to anyone who didn’t know that what they were all wearing what was, essentially,
“To be honest, I don’t want to talk about it, but, except with Cas, I never have, and I think maybe it might do some good. Sam urged me to talk about it when I first came back, but I couldn’t get into details with him, y’know? I told him bits and pieces, just enough so he wouldn’t ask about it any more, and then I just shut him out of it. So, until just this past week, I’ve never really discussed the details of what I went through, and never with anyone but Cas. And, to be honest, I didn’t really tell
so I ducked down, and he shot the shtriga three or four times, and it jumped out the bedroom window, shattering the glass.
Eventually, he stopped, across the office from where he’d been sitting, and said, “So, in addition to Sam’s ‘you were under duress’ argument, and Cas’ ‘you were the Righteous Man and the seal still broke, therefore, you were still righteous, therefore you were not blameworthy’ argument, you’re saying that, while I did make a choice, it wasn’t an informed decision, so, I’m not liable for it?”
“Sam currently has, in his brain’s ‘memory palace,’ a version of Lucifer, and a version of the Archangel Michael. We were seeking Amara’s assistance in removing them from there, since she’s technically the one who put them there, although she didn’t realize that was what she was doing.”
An omega, owning land. Not absolutely unheard of, sure, but one with Dean’s background and history? Pfft. Not to be thought of. But Cas….
, and always have been. I’ve always been attracted to certain men. I just never let myself admit it. I don’t know if they’re true memories, or not, because of what Alastair did, but I remember my father as being a homophobic asshole. If those memories are correct, he’d hate that I’m in this relationship with Cas, would probably disown me because of it. Until Cas, I never met a guy that I wanted enough to risk my father’s disapproval.”
“No. He cares that I’m freaked, and he understands why I’m freaked, he just doesn’t agree that I need to be freaked. He doesn’t blow me off about being freaked, he just wants me to be less freaked.”
The prospect of undergoing a full physical from Pam wasn’t something the fakers wanted to deal with - too much effort for too little payout - so they usually didn’t bother going to Pam’s office when sent, if they weren’t telling the truth about their symptoms. It was a system that had worked well for them for the past few years.
“Yes. Heaven wanted me out of Hell because I was destined to be the ‘true vessel’ of the Archangel Michael. And Sam was destined to be the ‘true vessel’ of another Archangel – Lucifer. And the angels wanted them to use us to fight each other, and cause the Apocalypse. So they sent Cas into Hell to rescue me. Azazel was working with other demons to free Lucifer from the Cage in which God had confined him. They managed it, and we can talk about how at some point, but the important thing is that for an angel to possess a human, they have to have the human’s consent. You have to say ‘yes.’ I
Mia returned to the letter. “Oh. Oh, Dean. You write here that Sonny invited you to stay permanently, telling you he’d fight for you, fight John for you, because he believed in you. And then John showed up, just as you were getting ready to take your girl to the dance, and, of course, John insisted you leave with him, instead - and you saw Sam sitting in the backseat of John’s car, and you didn’t know where he’d been, if he’d eaten, if he was okay, and you realized that if you didn’t go with them, right then, John wouldn’t come back, and you’d never know, so you lied to Sonny for the first time, telling him you wanted to go. Oh, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
As Dean looked at all the red ink, he could see where he had, indeed, changed details, sometimes small, sometimes large, but each entry was, in fact, different in some way from every other entry.
“Well, he was. When Lucifer was using Sam as his vessel, Cas threw a flaming grenade at Michael in Adam’s body. It killed Adam and Michael. Then Lucifer killed Cas, and Jimmy. Then God resurrected Michael and Cas in Adam and Jimmy’s bodies, but without Adam and Jimmy – their souls went straight to Heaven. Cas has died a few times; he just keeps coming back in the same body. At this point, that body is Cas’ now. Jimmy has no further use for it, and Cas is accustomed to it. He could be in a female vessel – he was, briefly, in the body of Jimmy’s daughter, Claire – but the body he’s in just suits him.” Dean shrugged. “Jimmy’s hot. Anyway, Amelia was Jimmy’s wife – Claire’s mother. She died. We rescued her from a Grigori that had been feeding on her, but she was too weak to survive for very long; just long enough to say goodbye to Claire, really. Jimmy prayed to be used as an angel’s vessel, and Cas chose him because he needed one right around that same time – it was just after Cas rescued me from Hell, and he couldn’t communicate without a vessel. If Cas hadn’t chosen him, some other angel would have, and they wouldn’t have been as nice to Jimmy, or as good to Claire.”
the shtriga attack. And, you know, Mia, Dad never spoke about it again. I never brought it up to him, either. But after that…he looked at me differently, which was
“And then you started a letter to Kevin, but after two sentences, it stops, and you wrote a journal entry, instead. Tell me about that, Dean.”
All the same, he picked up the NRR house phone, and dialed Benny’s extension. “Hey. I need to speak with you. Not
That afternoon, he had a meeting with Pam and Benny about a couple of patients they wanted him to work with, mostly with hydrotherapy in the pool. Pam’s patient needed to work the muscles in her legs, injured from never being allowed to walk (she’d been limited to kneeling and crawling only) during her five years of slavery, and Benny’s patient needed to get over a severe fear of water; apparently, he’d been kept in a basement that periodically flooded, and had nearly drowned a few times. The second patient would be taken much more slowly than the first, as the first already loved to swim, just needed to regain the strength and confidence to stand upright and walk.
“Right. With Alastair, there were an infinite number of possible ways to do B, but I could never manage to do A, because A wasn’t possible. It was deliberate, intentional. There was no way to ever qualify for the nice treatment.”
“Did you enjoy that? You’ve said you have enjoyed that, several times. In writing, and in our sessions, both. So, if you’re enjoying that relationship, what does that tell you, Dean?”
“I really do, Mia. I really believe that good things really do happen and really are possible, and that I can have a part in that. I never used to, but I really do, now. And Cas is a huge part of that, but it’s also me, letting people in, not just Cas, but Sam, and Claire, and Jody, and Donna, and all the people in my life who love me, that I shut out for so long, when I didn’t need to, at all. I was blind, Mia, but now my eyes are open, and I’m keeping them that way.”
“Well, for one, putting up a picture of Emma might be hurtful to Sam. Putting up a picture of Ben might endanger him. It would tell people that he’s still important to me, and that would make him seem like fair game. I cut him out of my life and had Cas cut me out of his memories to prevent just that, Mia!”
“Well, you write here that Sam told you, ‘You were supposed to just be his perfect little soldier. He didn’t pull that kind of crap with me nearly as much, and I fought back against it a lot more than you did, and I still have trouble talking about my feelings. It has to be at least one hundred times worse for you. You’re not imagining that, Dean.’ That sounds like he’s forgiving you. So, have you forgiven yourself, Dean?”
“Because I couldn’t. Sam could rebel because Sam was the golden child who did no wrong, who was to be protected at all costs, the smart one, the good one. I was just….”
“Oh, that’s a good one. You might want to lower, not the volume, but the pitch; you scream that high, it’s gonna hurt your throat to do it more’n once. You gotta pitch it right at the place where you’d be most comfortable singing, and almost sing the scream. That way you can make it last a lot longer, too.”
“All right, children, please, all of you, gather around. I have some announcements, and I don’t want to have to yell,” Miss Bradbury gestured to bring all of them in close to her, and smiled, albeit a touch sadly. “This will be the last I’ll see of you, children. Queen Naomi instructed me to bring you to the station and see you all off, and then to take myself home, and consider my employment ended.”
“A few months. It was okay. It was really good, actually. I really liked Sonny, the guy who ran the place. In fact, I would’ve stayed, if not for...well, read the letter, you’ll see.” Dean went back to staring at his hands.
“I like the first paragraph of your Thursday  journal entry. I like that you say here that snuggling with Cas made you '
“Yeah. Haven’t you noticed the crap that’s happened these past few days?” Dean suddenly flushed bright red again, and started ranting.
He hunched over, head in his hands, elbows braced on his thighs. He ran his hands back through his hair, and shook his head, trying to clear it.
“Sometime in the mid-1800s, not sure exactly when, he fell in love with a woman named Collette Mullen. She saw past the demon, past the legend, past the Bible, and saw the good man underneath. She loved him, and she married him. And because of her, he was able to resist the urging of the Mark upon his skin, and killed no one for over 150 years. And then I came along. He gave me the Mark, but that didn’t free him from its influence. And as I was leaving his property to go and kill Abaddon, the only other remaining Knight of Hell, demons descended upon his house, and he brought them all inside, and killed them all as I left. I know that, because later, I had to kill him. He thanked me for doing it. And, as I say in the letter, Amara told Cas that the Mark has been completely destroyed now, so Cain should be free of its influence, and hopefully he’s at peace, as well as at rest.”
. The logic was sound. He couldn’t find an argument against the conclusion – except for his own feelings of guilt and shame.
“Jack is a Nephilim. Half-human, half-Archangel. His Archangel DNA comes from Lucifer. But even before he was born, Jack was heavily influenced by his kind and gentle mother, Kelly, and by Cas. He rejected Lucifer, and considers Cas to be his father. And for awhile, at least, he sort of, for lack of a better way to explain it,
“Thanks. Yeah, I could use a little air. I’ll be back in a few.” Dean rose from the couch and headed for the door. Mia slipped her cell phone into her pocket unobtrusively, and headed for the bathroom.
“And it’s putting you back together, but maybe you don’t get put back quite right – your head on backward, or your arms bent wrong, or your knees facing outward instead of forward. And, once in a while, it’s a total cessation of all the torment, and a succubus comes and gives you pleasure – until even
“Fair enough. But then you say here that not having allowed Cas to drive your car before this is just ‘one more reason to feel guilty.’ After what we’ve talked about today, Dean, is that still how you feel about that?”
Mia laughed. “And then you pointed out to Cas that he was going to be a Winchester, and he hadn’t realized, and you say that ‘he looked so happy, so excited, and I realized a last name was something I could have given him years ago, just by making him a fake ID. I felt horrible that I’d never grasped before how important something like that might be to him. I swear, I’m going to spend the rest of forever making it up to him.’ Dean, do you really think that giving Cas a fake ID with the name ‘Castiel Winchester’ on it would have made Cas anywhere near as happy as getting that name by marrying you does?”
“Exactly. Let’s say you had a problem with your gall bladder, requiring elective surgery. You go to the surgeon, and he tells you that it’s a very safe procedure. Now, there are some risks, but he doesn’t inform you of them. You have the surgery, and there’s a problem - one of the risks he failed to discuss with you actually happens, and you get sick from it. You eventually recover, but you have, say, lost wages and pain during the time you’re ill. Because he failed to inform you of the risk, he is liable for those damages, legally speaking. You can’t be held responsible for them. Same goes, here. You weren’t informed by anyone, prior to deciding to agree to Alastair’s offer, that you putting souls on the rack and spilling blood would have the consequence of breaking the First Seal, potentially freeing Lucifer and starting the Apocalypse. You could not possibly have known that might happen. It was a consequence you did not anticipate, and were not warned about, and therefore you did not factor it into your decision. Had you known, you would have made a different decision, even after thirty years’ of Hell’s worst torture. You just said that. Congratulations, Dean. You’re not to blame.”
Dean sat on the couch and looked around. “Did you redecorate? I don’t remember that ficus in the corner being here when we were here last.”
“It’s like when a bone gets broken, and doesn’t get set properly; it heals, but it heals badly, and it has to be rebroken to be set correctly. I’ve been through a lot of bad experiences; I haven’t healed from all of them, and some of them set badly, and my soul needs to be re-set to heal, and the re-setting is going to hurt.”
, I guess, with many of the rest of the celestial family. But Gabe and Cas, they clicked. And Lucifer and Cas, too. Cas was Lucifer’s vessel, for awhile. So, yeah, it felt like a really big deal when Gabe said that to me.”
One of them, a little girl named Andrea Wills, had lost her left leg, from just below the knee down, to cancer. She had multiple myeloma, and was going through radiation and chemotherapy, hoping not to need any further surgery, and desperately trying to keep up her stamina and muscle mass. If she lost too much muscle mass, walking with the prosthetic might prove too difficult, and Andrea was determined not to be in a wheel chair one second longer than she absolutely had to be. That was a goal Gadreel could get behind, and he wanted her parents’ permission to work with her more than once a week. They weren’t sure insurance would cover the cost, and he was tempted to tell them he’d do the work for free. It would be worth it to him when Andrea was walking again.
She let out a tiny laugh. “Really? You’d scream with me? You wouldn’t shush me, and tell me others are trying to sleep, so I have to be quiet?”
Gadreel woke before his alarm clock went off again, but this time, he slapped it off and got up right away, not even looking at the time. He got dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt, and went running. He came back, took a shower, toweled off, and got dressed in his usual work clothes.
Dean startled at that. “What? No way.” He pulled out his cell phone, and, sure enough, he’d arrived at noon, and it was just before 3:00. “I told Cas I’d pick him up in an
“Charles, I think it’s time we introduced Castiel to some other children of high rank. Perhaps some nobles, or even some royalty from nearby kingdoms. The boy is eight years old now, and so far, his friends are the children of the palace staff, commoners all, and while there’s nothing wrong with knowing such people, it might come in handy later in life to be able to relate to the people - still, who knows what he might be learning from them in terms of manners.”
“Yes, ma’am. I’ve been trying to forgive Dad, to let it go, as we discussed earlier, before that little break.”
Miss Bradbury signaled to the footman to open the door of Castiel’s curricle. As the ranking royal in the building, Castiel stepped out first, and moved forward to allow Dean, and then Sam, to follow. As Sam stepped down, Miss Bradbury signaled the footman to open the door of the other curricle, and Anna, then Alfie, stepped down gently from the vehicle to the concrete floor next to the train.
“I want to ask, Dean, if you continue to feel that it’s productive for you to come all the way across town once a week, just to have me read your journal and ask questions about what you’ve written to clarify things for my own benefit. And if you do, great, we can certainly continue to do that. But I want to offer you an alternative, if you’re open to it. It seems to me that you’ve really been doing all the work by writing down your thoughts all along, and I could just as easily keep up with your journal remotely. We could email back and forth about your journal entries, for example. And if you felt a need, you could call me, or even come in, but it wouldn’t have to be as structured as it has been. What would you think about having our sessions be by electronic means, rather than in person, Dean? Would that be of interest to you, or not?”
“Death has a library. Everyone has a predestined ending to their life, written by the three Fates, and those writings are put into books and collected by Death. Some of us, however, have more than one possible ending, depending on choices that we make, because we all have the ‘gift’ of free will. I apparently have a lot of choices that I could make that lead to different endings, but for a while, they all boiled down to one fate - having taken in Michael from Apocolypse World, I died as his vessel, unless I locked myself into what’s called a Ma’lak Box. Then, I’d be unable to die, locked in to the box with Michael for eternity, but he wouldn’t be able to destroy the world, either. I actually built the damn thing, but then Sam convinced me that it didn’t have to be the only option, that we’d find another way, together. And we did. And so her message to me is that my original wide variety of predestined endings, depending on the wide variety of choices, had been restored, and that I’m not slated to die in any of them, or not right away, at least.”
“So, basically, Amara is an immortal, omnipotent being, who, by accident, put two archangels into your brother’s brain, and you met with her -”
“You also mention an Alex here, in a list of people that you apparently forgot love you. Who is Alex?”
“Because that was the night that my mom died. The night Azazel killed her, fed demon blood to Sammy, and burned down our house.”
“Well, we asked for her to let them fight with us, against God. But she’s got this whole neutrality thing going on, so she said yes, she’d take them out of Sam’s head, because that had been unintended, and he didn’t deserve that, but the best she could do would be to return them to the Cage in Hell, and make it so no one could get them back out. That way, she wasn’t violating neutrality by letting us use them, but she wasn’t giving God an edge, either, by making it possible for him to release them to fight for
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas – really looked, and saw the sadness, the weariness, writ large. “No, you’re right. I’ve done a lot of damage to you, Cas. Saying ‘I’m sorry’ isn’t enough. If you came home now, I’d just fall back into the same old patterns, and keep hurting you. I don’t want to hurt you, Cas. I never wanted that.”
“So, continuing on Friday afternoon…. You mention here that when you said ‘no’ to Michael, someone named Adam said ‘yes’ instead?”
“We talked about Donna last session. I like this letter to her. Are you planning to send this one, Dean?”
that, the day after Cas left. I have a beer now and then, but not enough to care about not stocking it. If I want one, I can go out,” Sam told him.
“And then on Saturday morning, you write that you and Cas made love, and it was the healthiest sex you’ve ever had. I assume you mean from a mental health standpoint?”
Dean stared at the steering wheel blankly, trying to process Cas’ words. There it was – the evidence of what everyone had been telling him for the past eleven years, for which he’d blindly sought without ever really believing he’d find it. Cas was right. Breaking the First Seal had required that he be righteous when he shed blood in Hell. Had he been to blame for what he’d done, he would not have been righteous. He’d shed blood in Hell only as a torturer, and, yet, the Seal had broken. Ergo,
“Dean, don’t ever let anyone tell you Sam’s the only smart brother. You ask me here, at the end of this journal entry, ‘how do I exorcise an already dead demon from my psyche?’ This is how, Dean. By realizing what you did think, and changing that to what you want to think, instead. Your relationship with Cas is a very healthy one, Dean. The things that you tell me, that you write in your journal, about it are the healthiest thoughts you’ve expressed to me. So, start there. As we already discussed, stop thinking about how to make up the past damage to Cas. I am telling you, and I am willing to bet that Cas would say the same, that the past damage is now irrelevant, and continuing to dwell on it is only doing you further harm. You are Castiel’s equal in this relationship, Dean. You are his fiancé, and you will be his husband, because he loves you. He trusts you, and he believes in you. Now, you have to trust and believe in yourself, as well.”
you already – in my true form. Remember? My voice shattered the glass at that gas station? And again at the motel?”
He got home, took a shower, scrubbing himself nearly raw, trying to rid himself of his shame. He toweled off and went straight to bed, not bothering with dinner. He was asleep before 7:00.
“Gad, can I ask... why didn’t you tell us your full qualifications when you applied to work here? There’s no shame in having advanced degrees, but all you ever told us about was your PT license.”
, and I trust it. So, I don’t feel so much that it’s an inevitability that everyone will leave me and I’ll be alone and abandoned, anymore. I’m not that confused, unhappy toddler anymore.”
“Nah, but I’m gettin’ there. I’m gettin’ there.” He took another long pull, and finished the bottle.
“Make an appointment, Dean, or I’ll do it for you. And make an effort. Because this isn’t just a one-off. You’ve been pushing people away your whole life, Dean, and it has to stop.” Sam smiled, but Dean knew he was serious. This wasn't a suggestion, it was an ultimatum. He'd lost Cas. He couldn't lose Sam, too. So, if Sam wanted him to see a therapist, he would. Even a shapeshifting monster therapist.
At the age of twelve, Castiel had a tight-knit circle of friends. There was Princess Anna and Prince Alfie from the mountainous kingdom of Heaven Above - or Elyseum, as it was known outside its own borders. There was Prince Dean from the open plains country of Kansas, and his younger brother, Sam. No one was sure why both brothers had been sent to foster by Queen Mary, their mother - after all, only Dean would someday rule - but Sam was a sweet child, and no one minded his presence. There was Ruby, who was some sort of Duchess from a country that outside its borders was known as Abyssinia, and Castiel didn’t know what it called itself; Ruby had never said. Ruby was also a little younger than the others, and she and Sam hung out together a lot; she would only rule if her two older, male cousins died before she came of age without having children of their own to take their place, so she wasn’t likely to see the throne. Castiel had gathered that there was some kind of internal strife in Abyssinia that had led Ruby’s parents to ask Queen Naomi if she would take Ruby to foster, along with their eldest child, Crown Prince Lucifer, back when the program had begun three years earlier, and she had agreed. Lucifer was friends with no one, seemingly, preferring his own company. Ruby said he’d been aloof at home, as well. Then there was Benny, who was a child of one of the cooks down in the kitchen, and Bela, whose aunt was one of Naomi’s dressmakers. Bela’s parents had died, and she had come to live at the palace, with her aunt, as a result, just the year before.
“Sure.” Cas rose, took the plates into the kitchen, and returned with just Dean’s plate, with a second helping. He set it in front of Dean, and couldn’t resist.
As he’d suspected, Cas had beaten him home. The lights were on in the living room, but as Dean passed the window, he couldn’t see the alpha, who was most likely in the kitchen. As he fumbled with his keys with one hand, Dean mumbled softly to the kitten.
“I know, Dean. It’s fine, it’s very common, truly. So, ready to find out the truth? Lay back on the couch and get comfortable.
Mia nodded. “No, I get that, Dean. I’d be ‘freaked’ as well if I was glowing and it showed up on film.” She continued to read. “And then you write here that you and Cas went to bed, and he tied you to the bed, at your request. You seem to have been comfortable with that experience, from the way you’ve described it here; it sounds like the two of you were just having some fun, and he was being responsible and checking in with you consistently. But given what you’ve told me about your experiences in Hell, with being raped and used sexually repeatedly, I need to check -
Mia nodded. “That makes sense. So, reading the first couple of paragraphs from your Tuesday evening entry, then, it looks like you and Cas had a little bit of an episode to work through, where he was maybe a little disrespectful of your feelings. Tell me about that, Dean.”
Dean and Cas watched fondly as Sam nodded, turned, and sped back across the train car to tell the joke, to great affect, Alfie and Anna breaking out in fresh peals of giggles. Sam gave Dean a thumbs up, and then turned back to his friends.
“It’s the earliest I can remember clearly - the day of the fire. I might be able to come up with bits and pieces, or flashes of recall before that day, but that’s my first clear memory where I know for a fact what happened and how old I was. And also because that’s the day that everything changed. When Dad went from being a sweet, loving, father who laughed and played with me, and swept me up in his arms to carry me on his shoulder, to being a dark, often drunk, neglectful son of a bitch who left me in charge of an infant so he could seek his revenge on the demon who killed our mother.” Dean studiously kept his eyes on his hands, twisting in his lap.
“Yeah, I get it, Mia,” Dean said. He ran a hand through his hair. “Is this always this hard, or is today an especially difficult session?”
. If he were standing here right now, I honestly don’t know if I’d deck him or hug him, first. I’d probably get around to doing
“Um. Well, to be honest…Sam kinda laid down the law and told me I had to get some help. And…and I think, maybe, maybe he might be right.” Dean looked at his hands studiously.
“Probably. But so far as I know, he’s never used them to kill a person. In fact, the whole reason Ruby was able to manipulate him into trying to use his powers at all was that he thought that he could save people. See, we have a demon blade, which he actually also got from Ruby, which sends a demon back to Hell like an exorcism, but while it almost always works, it also kills the poor guy the demon chose to possess. Sam’s powers, though, essentially yank the demon out of the vessel and control the demon so it can’t just smoke out and escape - it has to go back to Hell. Eventually, Sam got strong enough that he could kill the demons with his mind and send them, not to Hell, but to the Empty. He killed Alastair that way, and Lillith, too. Sometimes the vessel’s real inhabitant was already dead when he yanked the demon out of them, but sometimes, he could save them by using his powers. So, Sam probably
“The night Cas left, I drank nearly five bottles of whisky. Then I had none at all for about three weeks, until Saturday night, when I had nine bottles of beer.”
, a minute to myself, and he just hauled off and backhanded me across the face. Told me I was a selfish brat, that it was my job to take care of my brother, and I had
to change, Dean. You have to want it so badly that the comforting feeling that alcohol gives you isn’t worth it. You have to want it so badly that you make making therapy work for you
“And then you’ve got kind of an extended metaphor about the crumbs of affection that John occasionally gave you, versus the ‘whole loaf’ that you have in your relationship with Cas, now. It’s a good metaphor, Dean.”
. I’m not seeing anyone but you on Tuesday afternoons for the time being. I’m only charging for the first hour, but you’ve clearly needed more time.”
, Cas. I’m terrified that I will die, and I will go back downstairs, and even though Alastair is in the Empty now, there will be someone who’ll take his place, and that I’ll go right back to suffering like I did before.
Dean turned to Cas. “I get what you’re saying, and I agree that the logic holds up, but then … why do I still feel so guilty?”
“Because we love you, and you’ve been making an honest effort, Dean. I’ve watched you, I’ve seen how seriously you’ve been taking your journaling. I don’t think you’d had a single drink since that night, had you?”
happened, but I would have had to have been pretty oblivious not to notice something like that at some point.
“I want to do that. I’d like for you to read them, Mia. I already wrote to Sam and to Cas, but they haven’t seen the letters yet. But I asked them, and if you say it’s okay to show them, they said they’d read them.”
“Right. When a demon or an angel dies, it goes to a place called ‘The Empty,’ which is controlled by a being called ‘The Cosmic Entity.’ Cas has died a few times; the first few times, he was resurrected by God, but the last time, Jack called out to him and woke him in The Empty. And then Cas annoyed The Cosmic Entity so much, that it sent him back to life. Well, apparently, in our little on-going fight with God, The Cosmic Entity has decided that it’s on our side. He sent Cas a message – ‘deal with God, so I don’t have to’ – and he woke 300,000 angels who at various times have shown loyalty to Cas. Since God’s not in Heaven, and the entire contingent of angels currently in Heaven want Cas in charge, he is. But because Cas wants to be with me, he  left an angel named Hannah in charge, and just brought Gabe and Jack back to Kansas.”
? And not quite three weeks later, you drank nine bottles of beer?” Cas’ anger was all the more powerful for being extremely controlled. He wasn’t even raising his voice, but Dean knew exactly how far across the line he’d gone.
“No. You can’t. This won’t be the last time we talk about your father, Dean. But this was a very good first step.
“No. If anything, I... I might be a sadist. I’ve tortured people - not in a fun sexy way, I don’t do it for the sexual rush or anything like that - but I’ve done it, and I’ve enjoyed it. That’s discussed later, as well. But wanting pain? No.
“And then you wrote this: ‘Being that it probably IS something only a god could do, there's probably nothing that I can do to fix it; yet I still have this odd sense that I ought to be doing something about it. I have no notion of what that would be, exactly, but... something. I can't save everyone, and I can't fix every problem, and not everything is my responsibility. Rationally, I know that; but I still have this niggling sense of... failure? Impending doom? I'm not even sure how to describe it.’ Dean.”
“By the end of maybe the first...month? Kind of hard to tell the passage of time, not like you get a calendar down there. Anyway, after a while, they were cycling through pretty much everything you can think of, any kind of torture at all, on almost a daily basis. There was no pattern to how or when they’d do something specific, but you kind of get to know how many things they
Mia nodded. “And you write here that that ‘just encapsulates your relationship’ with Bobby. That ‘he trusts you and believes in you, absolutely.’ That must have felt good, Dean.”
So I took it, because it was a peace offering, even though I really didn’t care about the stupid prize.”
“Good boy.” Mia grinned at him. “Okay, that gets us up to Friday evening. I’m going to suggest something new here, Dean. Let’s take a short break. Why don’t you go outside for a minute, get some fresh air. I’m going to use the bathroom, and you can, too, when you come back, and then we’ll get started again. I just feel that we’ve been going for a while, and we could both use a little space from some of the heavy topics we’ve been covering today, but I do want to note that you’re doing really well, Dean.”
“No, I understand, Dean. But it was something that happened to you, where, once again, someone made you feel like a thing, rather than a person. You were just bait, something to be used. Correct?”
“But occasionally shepherding me away from that part of my memories while I slept? Yeah, that sounds like something Cas might have done on his own, to protect me. And if he did, I’d have to say ‘thank you’ to him for it.”
, wasn’t it? If the program moved, he’d finally be able to see a little more of the world for himself. He longed for that. Dean and Sam had been away from their parents for three years, and they were thriving. Surely his own mother wouldn’t deny him the opportunity to go and stay at the home of one of his royal friends? Maybe not Lucifer and Ruby, as Abyssinia had some kind of strife - but Kansas and Elyseum were safe, weren’t they?
Dean rose from the couch and started to pace back and forth, thinking. Mia just let him walk it out for a moment.
