“You two”, Mary said, hands on her hips, “You said you couldn´t make it this weekend. You set me up!”
Dean roared, grabbed the thing in front of him and threw it to the wall of flames- Sam could deal with that- and run to his help. He jumped on top of the thing and started stabbing it violently on the side.
“To him not being busy, then”, he said handing him the glass, “To all of us being able to do this more often”
He looked up, feeling observed. The monster was looking over them from the middle of the stairs… and a ray of moonlight let him see how black things seemed to slither out of its dark wild mane.
Dean exhaled, and both stayed silent for a moment. The hunter felt there was nothing else to say. He was tired, and the whole conversation had taken away whatever appetite was left in him. He just wanted to close his eyes and sleep for eternity.
And for a fraction of a second, the brothers saw a huge green reptilian tail that fused to a grey humanoid torso, covered in swirling tattoos. A weirdly feminine but breast-less chest was half-covered by a messed rag of dark hair, that framed a face with shining blue eyes, no nose, and a mouth that opened way too much as she screamed and showed snake-like fangs and a forked tongue.
Footsteps approached… and entered the room. They both fell quiet, breathings controlled, eyes wide open.
Three vertical lines to divide the parchment in four parts. He started enumerating the symptoms of each. One, two, three, four, five... The list was familiar, a refuge. When he started this investigation, he had hoped that if he cured an incurable disease... maybe that would be enough. Maybe changing medicine forever
Cas let himself fall onto the pillow and scrambled a bit with the sheets until he got his legs beneath them, hissing in discomfort at the pain his wounds screamed at him as he moved his limbs.
The hunter already had a hand under Castiel´s arm to lift him up before the mage had completely gotten to his feet. Dean dragged him with him, keeping him up when he tripped with a root that got under his heel, taking him away from the plant. The warrior hunkered sharply to take his sword from the ground and immediately whirled to look all around them.
The hunter moved the light around, but nothing charged toward them. The djinn must have been somewhere else.
The hunter looked towards his feet and struggled as it was dragged away from the endregas, and it took Castiel a moment to remember that there was a hungry plant creature in that clearing too. In his maneuvering, maybe Dean had gotten inside its reach again.
Dean crawled to the dropped cellphone on the floor and took it to his ear, while Cas kept calling them incessantly.
He rummaged in his bag until he found a blue crystal prism with tipped edges. He frowned at it for a second, and then to the bag where some very valuable blooms were going to be wasted immediately. His teachers were going to kill him too.
Before the thing had regained its balance to attack again, Dean had roared and hacked it down its middle with a crunching sound.
disapprove of and worry about your life choices but I know I can´t talk you out of it- when Dean had primly answered that he preferred to have a pass on the pills then. Now the bottle of Jack was half empty- which to him sounded way more positive than it being half full- and he let out a relaxed sigh. What did Sam know.
“I can do things seriously when it´s needed, Cas, I thought you knew…”, Gabriel continued saying, frustrated.
“I´m sorry, you´re right, I´m sorry”, the hunter said raising his hands in a pacifying gesture, smiling still, “I´m not mocking, I´m just, you know, teasing. But I don´t wanna make you uncomfortable or anything. I´ll get out of your hair immediately”, the hunter smiled at him, “I do need my gear, though”
. Dean was in shock and he had the same fucking face he had made right before The Empty took him… And Cas had probably felt him stiffen in confusion. He forced himself to stifle out a little laugh, to smile.
Swift fingers started flying over the shelves; taking a branch from one bundle, a flower from another one, opening a jar and taking a piece of bone- or no, a feather would make the mix lighter. He deposited every item in a marble mortar- which he was so happy he had left clean before he left- and started crushing with practiced movements. He was so used to the motion that he kept it without thinking, his mind wandering elsewhere.
If he had had to run for his life, Cas would have been able to endure the pain. But he didn’t, not right now. And he was so tired. So he stayed on his back a little bit more, wincing when the pressure built up again.
Gah, I love the journey between absolute fluff to absolute horror. I´m so sorry for Dean xD Realized how the Echidna has taken Dean´s memories and warped them to her will? I love it when she starts losing control of the dream... Poor Sam xD
He still felt pretty sick, so hunger was not a problem for him. But the hunter must have been starving for
Too close to one of the walls, Castiel backpedaled, a grimace to his face. The fire englobed almost the whole hallway, running along the walls, closing a bit before each intersection that ended the aisle; making a ridiculously big fiery room.
Cas opened his mouth a bit and looked at his feet. Holy God, he was right. There was a big plethora of ground-digging creatures…
“It’s been sixteen years since the last time I was sick”, Cas added with a small, apologetic smile, “And… I’m not really sure that counted as a sickness. I’m pretty sure I’m immune to venoms or poisons, too. My nature is healing, so… my body sometimes takes care of things on its own. If not, it takes just a thought to make it happen”
The door creaked, opened by the same servant that had made the bell rang from the hallway, but none of them moved.
Dean looked down and patted on his belly, raising his eyebrows as he probably felt absolutely no pain for the first time in days. He grabbed his shirt and before Cas could react, tucked it out of his pants to check his unmarred stomach. The mage cleared his throat and looked away.
Right now Castiel is hated by most angels due to his past deeds- massacring as God once, causing the fall, guiding them but later abandoning them for Dean when the fight was with Metratron- but since he and the Winchesters defeated Metratron and restored Heaven, he´s officially spared… but not welcome anymore on Heaven. As Heaven is restored, all angels get their wings back.
“She´s upstairs, it´s go time…! What do you mean where?, here!”, he said into the speaker. Then he closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, “Yeah, it would be
“I don’t know man, it wouldn’t surprise me if your castles kept them at bay”, the hunter snorted as he drank some more.
“Castiel”, he murmured very seriously, his eyes unwavering from a point on his neck, “You… You´re getting corrupted, man”
Cas looked around on his table until he found a little piece of charcoal, with which he drew a little black dot on a heavily wooded area, almost between both mentioned nests.
Sam gasped and looked at Jess, who had her overwhelmed gaze lost in the distance as she touched her belly with one hand. His wife turned to him and they both did these, whiny emotional sounds before tearing up and hugging each other.
He closed his eyes. The sinking feelings were all too familiar. He realized with a wry smile that… it had been a while since he had felt so much like a worthless piece of shit.
Michael, Samandriel, Lucifer, Uriel, Castiel himself- they always wore their shirts buttoned up to their necks. The only difference in summer were the thinner fabrics, and maybe arms exposed if the occasion was casual enough. Aside from Gabriel, and from… Dean the other night, Castiel hadn´t seen the exposed skin of another besides hands, faces and arms since he used to bathe with his brothers, when they were practically babies. Other people he had healed, their wounds hadn´t been so serious, and he could do it all through their clothing with magic. His situation was not a rare one, given that he hadn´t gotten married yet. Some nobles visited brothels to skip that restriction… but Cas truly wasn´t into that.
Castiel opened his eyes with a startled sound, hands pushing away whatever tug on his arm, recoiling. Heart racing, he looked wildly around.
“But maybe you´re right. Maybe…”, his distant gaze turned pensive, “Maybe the two humans that helped the new God be born could get some kind of reward. Just once”
“Of course”, Cas answered with a slight, worried frown, “There are some kids playing two houses over. Do you want me to fly over there and tell them to stop?”
Then he took the warrior on his arms, gripped him tight, and saved him from the forest; both disappearing in a blink.
For some reason, everyone was on the second floor. Cas had appeared by the stairs, by Sam and Jess. Ellen, Bobby, Jo and Charlie stared in mouth-agape horror…
With renovated energy, Dean got to his feet and lounged at the thing with its long blade, it recoiled a bit. That appeared to give Sam the opportunity to get the angel blade on it, and it screeched and wreathed in pain. Sam was released, and almost tripped back while retreating until Dean caught him. All four stood next to the wall of fire, and for some reason the thing didn’t attack again. As in doubt.
The hunter tucked his shirt in again and kept his hand on his belly for a second. His look on the mage was… softer. Castiel felt this could be an… opening?
Finally aware of where he was again, Dean pushed his shoulder against the door violently, trying to break it down. Anger, impotence, pain and rage coursing over him; he kicked it, punched it, took a metal bar from the ground and smashed it against the delicate glass.
He heard Dean shift his weight between his feet, uncomfortable. He ignored him very sternly, passing the pages of his investigation to where he had stopped writing on his previous session. He heard the hunter let out a small huff of air and turn around, his steps as he walked away towards his side of the bed.
I know the title clashes a bit with the previous religious ones, but it was just too damn funny not to use xD
I´ve come up with a little game :) Here we start to see some "known destiel scenes" (the ones that appear in every video compilation? xD) from the show peppered in the story. They are there just for laughs, little easter eggs xD But if someone is willing to play along, here it is: if someone posts in the comments whats the scene in here that comes from the show and drops an email, I will send a little sneak-peek into the next chapter ^^ I don´t know if that´s silly, it probably is, but I thought it could be funny lol.
Sammy grasped his shoulder tightly one last moment, before letting go. A second later he heard the door slam shut, and the
“You… have to know that you can´t leave them behind, Kevin”, said Cas, possibly sharing Dean´s thoughts, “You are a prophet. That´s something that´s gonna stay with you… for the rest of your life. You will find yourself drawn to the tablets. I´m guessing you already are… and that´s the reason you took the tablet with you from Hell”
“Sammy left eight days ago, Cas!”, Dean said excitedly, “We’re only like, five days behind him. We have gained all the time I spent laying horizontal, and a bit more!”
The angel whirled to look at him, surprised… and smiled. Cas moved his hand so it could embrace his… and they stayed like that for a moment. It was stupid. Girly. Hand holding. Holly Hell, what a feat. Chick-flick moment.
He grunted as he was violently pushed backwards through the shackles, and suddenly, he was somewhere else.
The impact made stars shine behind his eyes, and for a moment there was only pain. A very distant part of his mind was aware of a broken nose and blood leaving him, and his healing magic immediately worked to dissipate his dizziness, to make him able to open his eyes again.
Castiel had his eyes closed, but blinked them a few times as he felt his body being moved. His blue gaze finally focused on Dean, who was practically surrounding him with his body, his face very near.
And he doubted, for a second… But then he looked up into the reddening sky. He might. But he might not. This could work. He felt… he felt they could make this work.
Two men entered the derelict bedroom: the corpulent black man from earlier at the door, and a bearded giant that looked germanic in some way. They both looked around with bloodshot eyes, teeth bared in murderous expressions. One of them roared and started trashing the bed out of pure rage, gripping the old bedclothes and throwing them. The other one stomped into the adjacent bathroom, and sounds of shattering started.
be useful or not, in search of any scrap of information anyone could have missed. Excluding the scholars whose work he was already familiar with, few people had stopped to take many notes during the Plagues, and the recollection of past events was often contaminated by the subjective experiences of the writers. He set aside yet another useless journal with a little sigh. His personal notes lay patiently to his right.
Dean looked at him for a second, sobered, dropping abruptly his acid grin- and apparently realizing for the first time his angry expression. His cheeks were a bit blushed by the alcohol, but he frowned.
“Meaning… they could teleport you back to the forest, sick and wounded, which would mean your death. Or… accuse you of trying to steal. Which would mean hanging”, his voice lowered in volume as he spoke.
A pensive silence followed his statement. Dean started to feel like shit for waking her up, shame for being such a pussy whirling in his stomach; and he was already opening his mouth to apologize again and hastily hang up when the girl´s voice came through again:
And after all the confusion, all the fear and all the pain Dean had just gone through; he would lie to himself if he said that the idea of his brother there didn’t calm his aching heart, just a little bit.
As Cas got close the man must have felt some kind of menace, because he pushed his hands away and even tried to hit him weakly. Cas flinched, retreated a step, but quickly realized that he couldn´t harm him being so weak. He frowned firmly and pushed his hands away. The man, still trying to open his eyes, tried to break them free, muttering curse words.
“You never told me…”, he said softly, “And… I never thought of it. I just never… saw us in that way. You know?”
”, Dean said with a little mocking tone, “What the hell am I doing here? You needed a guinea pig or something? What did you bring me here for?”
But Dean didn’t listen. Christ, he could still hear him screaming, both with his gravel voice and that screeching sound… Relief made him close his eyes again, a shudder running through him. The bastard was fine. He was hurt, still a stubborn son of a bitch with some sacrificing wishes, but
He looked so damned exhausted. Shoulders low, panting, bites and slashed on him. How many things had he fought alone until he had come? Dean gritted his teeth in anger. He shouldn´t have left him behind.
He shook his head a moment and then walked the perhaps four or five paces that separated the bluestone from the last woodland fiend the hunter had killed. He kneeled beside it, wrinkling his nose upon the stench of dead flesh.
I am really sorry I did not update this in such a long time. Its been a very hard time for me, both for personal reasons (Im sure everyone in the world is being as unlucky as me when it comes to personal tragedies cause *these two years, jesus*) and also in regards to the finale. I dont think Ill ever feel the same after those two episodes- but I think Im starting to recover, and to regain the love for this fandom and these little stories I made :) So I´m gingerly, slowly coming back to writing.
Yes, pie for breakfast was not something strictly healthy; but Cas had realized Dean had liked it the previous night, and at that moment he was willing to use everything he could to convince the hunter that partnering with him was a good idea.
He sounded defeated. Well, at least he wasn’t screaming at the one being that had sacrificed for him a thousand times.
The sight immediately changed his thoughts, calming them. He couldn’t help but smile, reveling in the sight. He had seen the Doomed Forest of Wyvernon a thousand times from the air- but so little of what was beneath the treetops.
The Road So Far: Cas went to the forest to get an ingredient for Dean´s antidote, but he was attacked by giant wolves. He teleported back, bringing a beast with him, but Dean killed it and saved him. In his magical efforts to survive, Cas got corrupted, and though now he´s better, the symptoms still linger on him. Dean is not healed but he´s too nervous for Sam to stay longer, so he will leave tonight. But today is Sunday, and Cas is supposed to have dinner with his family. He hopes he can hide his Corruption from them.
Dean looked sadly at the angel. The poor thing had probably thought for years that this could never happen. That Dean could not ever love him back… It was probably difficult for him to believe this. Maybe he needed more. And he deserved more. Dean took a deep breath and steeled himself before turning fully to him.
The light in his eyes dimmed more and more over the next instants, making Cas frown. The hunter pressed his lips together, gloom conquering his features.
Right. No more demons were attacking them. Where the hell were they? There were demon corpses on the ground… at the other side of a wall of hellhounds, who had formed a line and were slowly approaching them, like wolves stalking prey. Fuck, they could be on the moon for all the good they would do for them over there. He and Cas took a careful step back. The flames roared behind them.
This is one of the chapters where the influence of "The Way to a Mans Heart is through Chlamydia" can be most seen (what a sentence, huh? xD). I absolutely loved the concept of Cas´s family, and I felt it would really be like that. When I started to plan this fanfic, that family came to my mind- especially Samandriel being the baby brother *_*
To his horror, his dad run towards his mum, taking the hand she extended to him as a cry of help- and the fire swirled from her arm to his, to his chest, to his whole body.
Cas looked up at him when he got to the bed. Dean stared at him, breathing slower. After his anger had spiked, the wariness of the day was catching up to him again, and he felt so tired.
Cas blinked and looked again. There was not a creature in sight. No birds, no monsters, nothing but plants all around. The bushes at the other side of the clearing had flowers as big as his spread hand. At several points, some junipers broke the fern sea. He didn´t see anything particular.
. Was pretty sure that those ointment bottles beside the shower- he could get five out of each. And a dark, dark part of himself told him that if he took one, Cas would probably never realize.
- Very intensely MY BOYFRIEND. I had to rewrite this chapter lots of times cause something didn't click- and I would have never seen it if he hadn´t pointed it out. Ugh, writing Dean is *hard*
“Ah”, she nodded, then smiled again, “Well, here I am”, she said as she took the phone with her other hand and angled it around up to a selfie stance, fooling around pouting her lips in a duckface, “Warm in my bed like a cinnamon bun. I´m here”, she said finally, her kind sweet smile reaching her fond eyes.
“Dean, a disease needs a known cure for it to be healed”, he tried to explain calmly, but hurt was rolling in his heart, “No one had a cure for the Plagues when they arrived”
Stab, twist. Holy shit, of course. He and his brothers, they were hunters. They had started hunting because of mum´s death…
“You are the youngest mage to ever acquire full access to the Great Library of the High Academy of Magic, and that’s just a testament of the paramount importance of your work", stated his mother in a proud, pleased tone, "Finding a cure for the Corruption would change everything, and provide the utmost honor and distinguishment to our House. Do not despair, and persevere in your efforts”
He found a glowering Dean turning back to him from where he was standing in front of the window. He looked upset, but not as enraged as before.
. And that was only possible with all the official documents cleared by the law, that guaranteed that the body would be treated with respect and that the family had been informed and given their consent. He was convinced too that explaining that corpses were very important practice materials for healing training, or that some mages did use human parts in rituals and spells- but from donated
Sam pursed his lips as he raised his head and nodded, admitting they would probably have the upper hand in this.
The hunter kept looking at him for a second, gritting his teeth but obviously registering his apology, before he huffed and looked away.
Surgery was not the most explored of the medical disciplines, but a war would always make progress appear on that front. Even though it wasn´t common in the center territories, transplants of different organs were something daily in the medical barracks of the army.
Dean watched his work from right outside the kitchen with pride, arms crossed. His father and Bobby were
A blur at the edge of his vision made Cas look away, and he barely registered something lounging teeth at him before he automatically extended a hand in front of him with a shout. A blast of force caught whatever it was and made it land several feet away.
“I wouldn´t even ask questions, you know”, Gabriel continued saying as they walked together, “If you ever need, I don’t know! Drugs! Suspicious ingredients for your nerdy potions! Tell me and I´ll get them for ya, I swear”
He clutched the bag on his side. It was the reason he was soaring the skies. The structural integrity of the deadly nightshade blooms he was carrying was too sensitive to survive teleportation without it affecting their magical properties. It was honestly shameful to think that the reason he was able to enjoy that was because of an errand. But Feathers of Swiftness were expensive magical trinkets, and the Academy would not hand them over just for him to have fun.
“We need to heal you”, Cas mumbled as his eyes trailed down tiredly, “You… should drink the elixir I made you. Then sleep. It will work better while you sleep”
“I’m sorry, I was just… shocked. I mean… you remember nothing of your father, then?”, he said, still horror in his tone.
He got out of the bathroom. Through the decorated window he could see the growing morning light. They should get going soon.
As Cas understood what was happening but before he could vanish, the King of Hell snapped his fingers.
He closed his eyes, panting. He had no idea how he had managed to teleport back feeling so sick. He just focused on breathing, on lowering his heart rate. His head hurt on a
One of the flames was steady, tall, orange… normal. The other… had flickered. Turning blue, shrinking, then suddenly as tall and orange as its twin. Cas advanced one step, very alert, worry nagging on him. The flame flickered once again, very briefly, to then go back to be steady and calm. It danced around, then the other one started dancing too… and both died down. The ritual had ended.
The noble blinked at the enthusiasm of the hunter’s voice as he observed Dean’s hand, touching the ground. The humid terrain had made a small step, and it was obviously very malleable. Some of the wet soil had crumbled and been squashed under the weight of…
Cas stopped to think for a second… it was mandatory that urgent messages were answered in an instant at any time by whatever means necessary, magical or otherwise. But… they were more expensive. And Uriel was responsible for them. If his brother decided to thoroughly go over the urgent messages sent that month, he could see what Cas had asked them about… and he preferred to avoid questions and keep all of this as private as possible.
so?”, the hunter asked, growing more and more alarmed, “Didn’t you just say you knew what you were doing?”
He was an elementalist, one whose magic controlled different aspects of the basic four elements: fire, earth, water, and air. He had a higher affinity for fire than for the other elements, although he could use a bit of air too. Aside from the kinetomancy, movement magic, that every member of the Mighty family had always had.
He had never seen anything so massive in his life. Their two front legs ended in razor talons and looked well suited for fighting. They were still at a distance, but he could imagine them noticing the two humans suddenly… and attacking. The mage stood looking, awestruck, until Dean nudged him slightly towards one side and as he put a finger to his lips. He had silently taken his sword out, and held it on his right. Cas shook his arm to slide his angel blade to his hand and nodded, gulping again. They started to move silently to one side, making a wide detour around the things.
Then he took his hand away, grabbing the wheel as he hurriedly switched gears and made the car start moving.
, “It was fast. Merciful, I think. Destroyed half of our patio”, Castiel said playing a bit with his glass, eyes low.
He tried to scream, tears falling from his tightly shut eyes, as he felt the icy claws clutching at his chest, his shoulder, his neck, his face…!
“Dammit, Cas!”, swore Dean, standing up suddenly from the chair, making it squeak against the floor and starting to pace around.
- and thinking about walking and fighting more with his exhaustion and soreness had made his soul whine. But of course they would not go back to the forest now. Night had fallen already.
Castiel went hurriedly to a little white closet placed by the door to fetch some objects, unable to help but think for a second about Dean´s absolute ignorance of something… so basic for him. Something he didn’t even think about, something he absolutely took for granted- Dean hadn´t ever seen, didn´t know how it worked. He remembered a time when he didn´t have a shower, but it had been so long ago that he never thought about it anymore. And even before that, before the Spire was built, he had always had a magically regulated bathtub. His family had always been wealthy.
He still had to decide what he would do with the bag of contention the noble had gifted him (as if it was nothing, by the way). It cost a pretty penny- so it
Cas realized just then that he had been staring, eyes wide, surprised at the sight. But when his raging blush crept up, he immediately kept it down with his magic, redirecting his blood to the rest of his body; and he tilted serenely his head up.
“Get that one!”, he projected his voice without daring to take his eyes from the creature, in case it suddenly charged towards him, “I´ll… distract this one until you can take care of him!”
Castiel´s eyes and mouth widened as he saw the steel swirl in front of the hunter, fly towards his side in a circular motion, go to his other hand, swirl over his head, go down again, to the other side; every movement catching the rays of the early morning sunshine, reflecting it back in a dazzling mirage. The black blade flew, its handle flowing on the hands of its owner like silk on water. Dean smirked, confident, even smoky; his eyes on the beasts, no attention paid whatsoever to the difficult display he was performing- as if the movement of his sword was so natural to him, that he could do it just with the back of his mind.
“Yes, you should be careful”, Cas said with a worried wince, “The metabolism of magical wielders processes alcohol in a faster way, so it has a pretty high alcohol percentage, comparing to what you might have drunk so far. It might be a bit too strong for you”
He looked up at the hunter, who was opening his bag; wondering if it had happened to him at any moment, if he had gotten sick that way in the past. If he was used to hunting alone, as it seemed, he could not use anyone’s help pouring some water for him to wash his hands, so he put a bit on a cloth and used it to clean himself. Apparently, some soap too. Now that he thought about it, that had been what Dean had been doing when he found him in his room, cleaning himself with a damp cloth, nak…
“Dammit!”, Dean swore, his knuckles popping as he balled his fists, “I´m trying dude, I´m trying, but I suck at this. No”, he said promptly, raising a hand as the angel opened his mouth to speak again, “Don´t say anything, please, just… let me think for a second”
It was true that this was Cas´s first attendance to a Winchester party, but it wasn’t such a big deal, jeez. However, he could not help but feel the shadow of a smile invading his lips. Bobby´s attitude was a nice change of tune against John´s reserves.
His younger brother put the gun back on his pants and kneeled beside a nearby woman sprawled on the floor, her back on the wall. She had a silly smile on her face. Dean, without lowering his gun, turned the flashlight off so he wouldn’t attract possible unwanted attention. The stealthier they did this, the better.
Castiel was tense like a coil, his eyes searching in the middle distance, as if he tried to understand something that he couldn’t grasp. He slightly frowned in… fear, horror, as he rose his head to look to the right path.
“Sammy entered running. Probably feared the kids were inside. Left out walking. So… either he found nothing and he was calm, and he found bad stuff and he was sad- either way, not in a hurry anymore. Wanna check it out?”
And he stood up and walked briskly to the wall near his study desk. Between it and the door that led to the outside of the room, a blue crystal was fused into a silver base, the metal holding it like a claw. Cas had it there as a destination point for any bluestones he used. This way, he could always come back home.
Cas got closer, entering one of those parts where several pines grew closer. The light was a bit weaker there, but it was unmistakable. The yellow stripes of the insect shone in little golden specks. Cas did not remember them from when he was a kid, but he had seen illustrations. But it was it. The little thing finished with one branch and flew to the next, buzzing calmly, unaware of its importance. He smiled as he saw its little legs pat at some flowers, until it managed to latch there, its buzzing stopping as those little wings became motionless. Cas gulped, getting closer very slowly. If he could take a specimen back in a glass jar… No, even better, if he could follow it to the hive, locate…
One: in the explosion, a screw had flown away in deadly speed from the boiler… and gone through Bobby´s head. The old hunter laid sitting against the wall, a trickle of blood on the white paper, head lolling to the side, looking as if someone had shot him on the head.
Some djinns took you to a paradise world… and some fed on your fear, making real your worst nightmares.
In the nearest tree, some secondary branches had been neatly cut out of a very wide, horizontal one.
Dean took a deep breath and let out a huge sigh. Well, if he was getting dressed, it meant he wanted to hunt, right? He’d seemed upset, though.
“It´s okay”, Cas mumbled dismissively, “Do you always…? Say it so… carefree?”, he asked in a curious, confused frown, examining Dean again.
When they had arrived at the hospital to interrogate the witness, the only victim that had been found, a police officer told them she had killed herself by hanging from the lamp with some cables from the TV during the night, and she had been found way too late. She had, although, mentioned among her gibberish something about a wooden house when they interrogated her. Sam and Dean had been able to go over her testimonies and that, after having placed all the disappearances on a wide extension on a map, had given them the location of what they believed was the djinn´s lair.
“What the fuck?”, he asked again, tensing even more, turning towards Cas, “What the fuck was that? Is that normal?”
He took his left arm to pass it above his shoulders and pushed them both from the ground. Cas wobbled a bit, but planted his feet. Dean took him to one of the chairs around the table of the War Room and left him with his head hanging over the back of the chair, eyes closed, panting slightly. Dean patted him two times in his good shoulder- the non-bitten one- before turning to the others.
They stared into each other for some moments. Cas felt that he knew Dean so much better than an hour before. He was glad he had brought up this conversation.
“Holy mother of…!!”, he exclaimed, voice raw, as he ran a few steps and kneeled on the floor, eyes downcast.
“So? You in a rush? Really, really want to be some teacher´s pet? Or do you gotta be the best mage that ever was?”
Dean turned a bit towards him and stopped. He seemed pissed initially, but upon laying eyes on him he frowned a bit, anger slowly dissolving.
, to appear out of nowhere just by main desire- but he could also use it to smite his enemies. That is, burn them from the inside out. Lightomancy also had some purifying capabilities, that would end certain curses or remove impurities from something or someone… and it could also
“But he doesn´t have a higher purpose now”, Dean answered, “I mean, he stopped following Heaven´s orders long ago”
Dean pressed his lips, looking at him up and down for a second. Then he looked back at the path they were supposed to follow, frustration seeping visibly off him. He looked torn for a second.
He felt something. Like… a presence? Or a source of… energy? Magic? It was faint but… inciting. Something almost pulled from him in that direction, but if it was simply his own curiosity, he didn’t know.
The endrega, having received Castiel´s thrown rock, located him through his shout. Cas gulped at the enormous thing, his heart bumping painfully on his chest, but frowned in anger before throwing the second rock he had found.
Dean helped him up and got him hopping on his good leg until he sat on the bed. Then the hunter sat by his side with an exhalation, tossing the bloodied dagger unceremoniously into the mattress behind them. Castiel looked down at himself. His arms were completely trashed. His whole chest was stained red with blood from his shoulder, and the cuts on his face burned mercilessly. His leg was torn apart, some laps of muscle and skin almost loose. Blood soaked his pant leg and boot. .
Cas blinked and looked down at himself. His clothes were dirty, his pants had gotten a small torn at some point. But he knew Dean was not talking about that. The exhaustion hit him like a hammer, the pain of his legs and back due to so many hours of walking impossible to ignore.
? You”, he said in a merciless, superior tone, “Know. Nothing. So accept your ignorance and don’t you
“The antidote, it´s not waking her up”, Sam had his hands cupping the face and neck of the woman, keeping it straight instead of lolling to one side; she still stared into nothingness. He looked up, “Maybe it´s a fear one, like the one that got to Charlie. It didn´t work on her either”
But his words halted as he wobbled a bit on his feet. He took a hand to the wall to steady himself as closed his eyes while he raised his eyebrows, blinking, trying to focus his gaze.
“Mmmm…! Howy cwap”, he said through a mouthful, eyes widening, before munching and swallowing, “What the hell is this?”
Castiel fluidly grabbed the end of the discreet door as it bounced back, in a movement of pure habit, and opened it to walk into adjacent quarters.
of invisible force pushed them back while they whined. The angel wobbled on his feet, obviously much more tired than a second before; Dean caught him. The angel held onto his arms for a second till he got his balance back, then released him.
What happened next, he owed it all to his reflexes. Before he realized what had happened he was hanging from one hand from the railing, having jumped over it to avoid the attack, the thing falling heavily on the hallway beside the fallen girl. He let go, landing with a grunt.
After the screaming, the sound of the fire seemed almost quiet. And Dean stayed there on the quiet, on the outside. Alone. Everyone he had ever loved, gone. Forever.
“Again- it´s okay. Come on, man, not like this is the first time we duke it over, being controlled by something. And- I
“There you go, son”, his dad said delivering them, then clapping his shoulder and leaving his hand there for a moment as he looked around, “Good party, huh?”
The mage blinked, surprised, face inches from Dean´s. The hunter´s expression was serious, frowning deeply, before he made a gesture with his head towards one side.
As the dead enemy fell to the ground, the hunter whirled his head to look at the plant creature. He snapped back to see the remaining centipedes closing in, and Cas saw him take a calculated risk.
He loved knowing things like that about the world. Gabriel called him a nerd. He had never said he wasn’t right. The natural world was beautiful and fascinating, and he liked it more the more he learned about it.
Castiel kept staring at him as he took the cutlery, puzzled. Dean’s hands appeared to apply pressure on the vertical, so the two pieces of bread held all the contents together without them falling out.
Cas fled, heartbeat a furious drum on his chest, blood rushing in his ears, as the electric shock of fear tingled down his limbs. The last thing he had seen had been Dean charging towards the two enormous creatures, that right now rumbled in unnatural angry growls at his back. He tripped once, and twice, on the irregular forest floor; but both times he regained his footing in a flail of limbs and shaken plants. He´d only been this scared when the Darkness had chased after him as a teen, and his mind unkindly reminded him of it, making the noose on his stomach tighten even more.
His face… was like the sun itself. His blue eyes were locked into him, and he had… that look. The one he had right before The Empty took him away. That… gaze of… deep, deep love, of infinite fondness for him, of devotion and happiness and relief and fulfillment. When their eyes met, the smile of the angel widened, wrinkling the corners of his eyes. Dean huffed out a shaky laugh as his eyes glinted.
Uriel nodded slowly towards him before turning to the servants on the communication barracks, probably to supervise the costs of correspondence of that month. Damn, was Castiel happy that he hadn´t marked the rangers´ message as urgent. Uriel could have read it and learned what it was about.
Because this time, Dean was close enough to hear it. And he couldn’t look away, but everything in him begged desperately for the sound to stop, to stop, to stop…
The hunter was looking at him in absolute awe, as if he could not understand. “Leaving the Corruption aside”, Cas added, “There’s no cure for that. Yet. And you know. Death. Can’t be undone. We age, too, but slower, since accumulating damages don’t accumulate so much. Especially healing mages”, he smiled a little bit.
“Rise and shine, Castiel”, Dean was looking at him with a severe expression, “We got some hunting to do”
“One cannot spawn children in a cis homosexual relationship, Dean. That is basic biology”, he stated in a tense, crisp tone.
Dean widened his eyes very much. How, how could he say it out loud? He felt a wave of second embarrassment. The mage seemed ashamed alright, still with his back turned to him.
. The mage exhaled annoyedly, his composure totally regained, and he looked at Dean with thunderous blue eyes.
. Finally, after all the preparations, the calls, the obstacles… The past weeks had been a blur of incessant activity- without a real stop in hunting, on top of all of that. But now, all that was left to do… was wait. Any minute now. His eyes eagerly searched the top of the stairs, expecting to see his mother appear.
“It-it-the cattle thing upset me”, he said in a small voice, “Made me feel... very insulted”, he finally let out in a huff.
He scowled in defiance as he started passing the razor down his cheek. The last thing he would do was anything that could remotely prove Castiel’s initial reserves about him right, about him being a
A small silence followed his statement. When Cas looked up at Dean, having gotten lost in thought with a small frown, he found the hunter with a puzzled expression.
explored it gleefully, wanted to try everything at least once, getting to know what he liked and what he didn’t. To explore different partners, all kinds of them, as long as they had some chemistry and everyone was on board and having fun. He enjoyed it even more than booze- and it was a tight tie with food.
Everyone froze and looked up at their mother, reactions varying between Michael´s and Lucifer´s serious masks, to Castiel´s and Samandriel´s expressions of consternation and angst.
“Also for that, for the life magic”, he added as naturally as he could, “I´m going to need you to bring me a dinner that’s twice the normal amount. I´m giving myself the strength of an animal, you see. I have to eat more”, he tried to smile, “And stay focused. So I´ll eat it in my room”
They smiled softly at each other for a second. Dean felt a warm pride knowing he had managed to cheer his friend up a little.
His speech. He had a speech. He had worked on it for days, and for some reason, when he came here he had believed it was a good one. Now he only felt he was such an asshole, that the only thing he could do was hurt Cas more- but he deserved something. After all he´d been through…
He ran his hand all the way to his neck, pressed the back of it a bit with a grunt, and started to clean himself. He was exhausted, but he had developed too many years ago the habit of showering first thing when a hunt got bloody. It was the easiest way to work in motel rooms. Anyone is allowed to sink into bed after spending the night on a nest full of vampires, but the blood-stained sheets cause way too many questions and raised brows. Now he had his own place- his own room, for heaven´s sake- but old habits die hard, he guessed.
Before Cas could say more, his head rebelled again, and he groaned clutching at it. Beside him, Dean winced in sympathy.
I know Cas left his trenchcoat in the chair, but it´s Dean´s dream, and that´s how he imagines him dying :)
Dean scrambled to his feet seeing that Cas´s hands were almost on his targets, but that tendrils of darkness were pushing his chest and arms back.
“I´m like… seventy-percent sure that’s true, now”, he said with a grimace. Then he opened his arms in a shrug, “Hey, maybe you´re right. Maybe you are just a great dude that saves chicks in distress”
Yes, if they could hide in the ferns, it meant that they weren´t as tall as his knees. Cas took a shaky breath and nodded, though a little voice on the back of his head reminded him how Dean had said earlier that he didn’t know how to use a sword if he hadn´t ever killed anything with it.
He just hated the pooches. Always had hated them, ever since they took him to Hell. The sounds they did made his hair stand on end. Also, it was such a
He did not want to look anxious or paranoid, so he simply gulped and stressed during the whole trip to the motel. But as soon as Sam got out of the car to check them both in, promising to come back to help him hop to their room, he took his phone out.
“Don´t you try and heal that”, answered the hunter pointing severely at him, “It´s nothing I can´t handle”
“Yeah, a roarer. Lots of noise. Sammy does them for me. Figured it´d call their attention”, Dean said as he got in front of him, but then he frowned as he looked down at him, “You´re hurt?”
Castiel glowered at both of them, as annoyed as a teenager would be towards his overprotective mum, and closed his eyes. In the next few moments the wounds of the angel started to disappear, his skin returning to his habitual tanned tone. The stains remained, though; as they had in Dean´s clothes. He was apparently not wasting any Grace on aesthetics while running low. When he was done, he looked at the brothers.
As he got to the T-shaped intersection where the portal had opened, he stopped in his tracks… as he saw the sigil on the wall trashed.
Cas nodded, head slump. He had to honor Dean´s decision. He hated it, and he was sure it was a bad choice. But he had to. And he understood the drive to protect those he loved.
At least, inside Dean´s head; after being bitten by some snakes conjured by the Echidna his brother and him were hunting. Hypnotized, violent civilians had Sam cornered before Dean lost consciousness.
For some reason that hit home- cause the guy´s face drained in the darkness, lips parting, eyes wide in horror… and guard being slowly lowered.
Sam clenched his jaw as he saw his brother turn the corner, but grunted and pulled from Kevin to make him run again in the portal´s direction.
Crickets sang in the quiet garden, the wind rushed among the leaves of the high trees. Cas looked around, a little bit tense, more for lack of understanding than for anything else. His brother had never done anything wrong, to him or anyone, at least that he ever heard of… but his eyes had always unsettled him, and all of this was very uncharacteristic of him.
Dean stood looking at Sam for a while, a plate with toasts in one hand and another with bacon on the other. He had a frown of worry and disbelief on his face. He felt kind of crappy for not having thought about all of that.
to fight them. He could see them with the glasses, but the damned things moved when he charged, when he spun, when someone pushed him.
Note 3: Until now Ive wanted to put ominuous, religious-like titles, but this time I just stuck with "Home". I think its and awesome word, a single sillable that conveys so many feelings. It really resonates, to me, with the scene when Sam and Dean are just having dinner; or one of so many discussions that Dean has with Cas xD
Crowley got up very slowly and walked a few steps. While sweating with horror- Crowley couldn’t get that information, that would be terrible- Kevin saw him smile to himself, considering the implications.
And enraged screams flowed from every corner of the house. At least four people ran out of rooms in their hallway, and two more started marching up the staircase.
“You´re in a Doomed Forest, Castiel”, the hunter growled in a low tone, “You can´t let your guard down, not even if we´re resting.
- Thanks to Captain Jack Winchester for helping me name the different types of magic!! Specially "kinetomancy" (*cheff kiss*)
After a few tones that he barely heard over his pounding heart, a chirpy voice came through the speaker.
Btw, remember that in this timeline Charlie has not died yet. But... I put her in the bathtub cause I felt that if she was dying, that would be her way to go. Let's say that in this universe, it´s just a twisted way the Echidna made her die- but I loved the parallelisms of every death ^^
He hitched for half a second. It still was unbelievable, what he was going to say. But he would not insult Cas by calling it anything else. If it had made him so happy… it meant it was important to him.
Dean put a hand to Sam´s arm to stop him and made a gesture with his head to point at them. They stood there, breaths held, their eyes still adjusting from the exterior.
He landed on the floor with a grunt, barely able to absorb the impact with his arms and almost losing his blade with the hit.
Cas took a deep breath and let it out in a long exhalation. That had been awkward. He had really hoped the hunter would just accept his help without him having to explain who he was, and where he stayed, saving them both the awkwardness and prejudice and just be patient and healer. But he should have known that would not work if he had to stay more than one night. Which, with his fever, was the case.
Not wasting a second, he dismissed the one that had already lost its spikes and charged towards two that were turning towards him:
Mary blinked a bit. In her hands there was a little glass container that contained… a black stone of the size of Dean´s fist, all black and square looking. It was all smooth surfaces and ragged edges, like those rocks that break into little cubes when they shatter.
Castile blinked. Dean… expected to get even messier. Oh my god. Of course. They were there to hunt monsters. He took a deep breath. This would not be their first fight, and the rest might be as difficult as this one.
gets Corrupted at some point, and it´s okay if it´s controlled. Hell, I´ve gotten Corrupted more times than I can count. Whoever says they never have, they´re
“Flopped into bed like a kid you carry from the car”, Dean answered through a mouthful, “Dirty but fine. Guess he´s low on mojo. Kev?”
The peasant looked at him for a moment before smiling a bit in what seemed like gratitude and nodding. Then he turned the heel and started walking in long strides, the noble following suit.
“Don´t know, man”, Dean answered, “We know they have families sometimes, remember that chick that hated us for killing its father? Maybe this one has tons of babies. Maybe it´s starting a food chain, for all I know”
“How so?”, the mage asked, indignation in his voice upon considering finding dead children something good.
The things had been dead for days now, exposed to critters and the elements. Half chewed, half decomposed; the smell they gave out was intense and abhorrent; a mix of death, bodily fluids and decay. He immediately ordered the skin on the inside of his nasal passages to stop working for a moment, and a second later he stopped smelling anything. He sighed. Better.
“There”, the mage said as he opened his eyes again and took a step back. He frowned a bit as he looked up at the hunter with the slightest reprimand on his gaze, “You got envenomed again”
“Your fever is down”, Cas said as he tilted his head in a slightly absent tone, eyes unfocused, his attention on his bloodstream, “Your strength has recuperated a great deal. You might be a bit more tired than usual today, but that´s all. There are only traces of venom inside you”, the mage looked into Dean´s greens and gave him a small smile, “You have a very robust physiology”
Castiel sat back on the bed by the hunter with a small sigh. The wisest thing he could probably do was to take care of Dean, have a light supper and go back to bed. By the next morning, the weariness and pain would have faded away. Just a little bit more, he thought. He turned and shifted in the bed to face Dean.
Castiel´s shoulders slumped down. He had actually struggled a lot to reach the bluestone, even though it had been so close…
He usually was not very good at focusing on several things at once, but life demanded him to. He sighed and went back to the resting hunter, set a hand on his shoulder as he took the sheet to uncover him to make a quick check.
“If they have a capable healer close; and most noble houses have a powerful healer among the family members or the staff…”, he started enumerating slowly, “unless the disease is very aggressive and fast, and the healer does not get there in time, or the healer is not capable enough… No, they don’t. We don’t”, he corrected himself before looking up at Dean.
And he dragged Cas through the opening just before the circle closed in again. They both started running with the frenzied pack a step behind them, a wave of roaring creatures in their pursue.
by it. And it was softer bread. Also, food that’s eaten with one’s hands, it’s supposed to be eaten in one bite. For decorum”, he looked back at the…
He turned around, closed his eyes for a second as he shook his head, and closed the door behind him.
Dean stopped eating for a second. It was always like this, and it was never a problem. They always just, avoided each other a bit and everything kept on going smoothly. But today… he just didn´t want to deal with this kind of crap. It was too sunny and too happy an occasion, dammit.
His brother Michael would have considered his workspace crowded and eclectic, but he liked having everything at hand- and he had a system. Every ingredient container was labeled, every bundle of herbs placed in their correct place depending on its use and name. A rack only contained glass jars with glowing, floating little lights of different colors; the next one had ingredients of animal origin neatly stacked with labels scribbled on the wooden little boxes that held them. A mess of textures, smells and colors. But it was
“Exactly!”, Dean smiled fiercely. Then looked down as if in insecurity, “Besides. I don’t know how to do anything else”
“I know, Dean”, Castiel answered softly, concerned, “But you know that if you are not alright, you won´t be able to help any…”
So... wow. This was my beginning <3. I tried to fix into the story as many details from the show as I could. We got the Apocalypse, the Darkness, The End. How the Winchesters started hunting, Castiel's father bringing putting him back together twice (I did not know Chuck was God when I started writing this so I just thought of an undetermined loving dad), Cas being graceless... and Crowley as the King of Hell xD I felt *so fucking smart* when I came up with all of this, and I was so fucking excited! But I couldnt share it. But now it's out there!!!!!
Without being asked, knowing fully how necessary it was, Cas walked there and touched the bag of holding for a second.
“I didn´t see a reason why, no”, Cas answered, a firm frowned expression in his face, “None of you can heal it. You can´t do anything to help me. It´s not a severe wound. It won´t spread, it won´t get worse. It just hurts. It will get better in a few days”
“Maybe we should call it a day”, he said as he turned back to the noble, “This is a good place to put the crystal thingy. No enemies close that I can see”
The Road So Far: Dean and Cas continue after Sammy's trail. The hunter is determined to teach the mage any hunting skills that can help him, and even more so to finally find his baby brother.
Holy shit guys!!!! I´ts been a long while since I updated this and I´m sorry- if there´s someone following it, I´m not really sure there is ^^U. The thing is that, I got a super cool idea for a new fanfic, my first Alternative Universe. It swallowed me up and I´m so proud of how the worldbuilding is coming. I have three chapters already, but don´t wanna publish them yet cause I want to include some drawings that are not ready yet :) Follow my user if you wanna be warned when it comes out! The title is Kingdom of Heaven, and its a medieval destiel AU. Cas is a mage and Dean a non-magical hunter :)
… at Mary, who had been pushed to the farthest wall by an unseen force- right before the wall exploded into fire.
Sorry I didnt post in June. It wasnt a kind month to me :) For whoevers interested, and whoever wished me luck, I did a good job on the exam- but not a great one on the second so Im out xD Ill get it next time.
“No, in the biblical one”, Lucifer turned to him with a ton of irony in his eyes, before sighing and adding in a more polite tone, “Yes, in a medical sense. What makes us
“I don´t truly know, Dean. I´m just rambling, I might be wrong. He´s said that angels don’t feel like we do. Maybe all I´m saying is a bunch of nonsense”
“Heaven, and angels, are important to him. Even when they´ve turned their back on him, he´s wanted to help them. And until now, he was connected through angel radio with hundreds of his siblings, at any time, never alone. Folks that were like him, that thought and acted like him. I guess he had close friends there, people that have known him for millennia or fought beside him or whatever. And they all collectively turned their back on him. They are very dysfunctional, but in a way, they are his family. And he´s lost them. That´s gotta sting”
“I know, I know. But I can watch for you as you eat and rest, I’m used to it. Use your pauses wisely, or you’ll tire yourself up quickly”
He realized his eyelids had closed at some point, and he grunted as he fumbled with the bottle to let it standing on the floor, instead of letting it slip from his fingers when he fell under the slumber and making a mess. A soft chunk informed him of his success, and he left his hand hanging over the bed. Golden medicine. Never failed.
Naomi delicately placed her elbows on the wood and raised her hands; and Michael and Lucifer, each of them sitting at her right and left respectively, took them. Michael also took Uriel´s hand, who offered his other one to Castiel. Gabriel took Lucifer´s and Samandriel´s hands, and Cas closed the circle extending an arm across the table towards his youngest brother.
Dean held his breath, looking sideways towards his brother. They were almost in absolute darkness, but he knew him well enough to make out his worried frown as he looked back at him, holding a knife in front of his chest.
Dean looked at those blue eyes for a second, then turned to where his brother was breaking the news… to his mum and dad. They looked so happy…
Tomorrow. He sighed. He was supposed to go hunting tomorrow. He scratched at the veins the Corruption had marred his chest with. He needed his rest.
“No, Dean”, said the angel with half a smile, “All you can do for me is allow me to rest. Keep me in a safe place until I can… recharge”, he squinted as he made an effort to use a euphemism.
After that I´ve tried several times to do the audio clip- but it just doesn´t click. So sorry, no audio clip in the end. Maybe I will someday come back and do it, or do something else entirely. However, the chapter´s ready, so here you go :)
His mother, always the mind reader when her children were concerned, tilted his head with a small frown upon inspecting his face.
The noble frowned deeply. According to crown regulations, the healers were provided by the noble families that took care of each area. That was one of the reasons they got funds. There was a small issue regarding that healers could ask for money from the people if their duties entailed traveling long distances or needed food or accommodations- but the noble families were asked to provide for that if possible.
latched onto his hand as he tried to pat it away. He let out an angry shout as he violently whipped his arm in front of him.
His eyes were heavily lidded and obviously losing focus. Cas put him on his back and lifted his arms from his torso, swearing when he found that he could see some organs he really should not be seeing. Castiel put two fingers to the man´s temple, feeling the flow of his life force.
The mage blinked for a second… yes. Today was when they went to the forest to look for Sam. He turned to his window: it was dark outside. Dawn hadn´t even arrived yet.
They had always been opposites. Michael was an incredibly powerful lightomancer. He could not only will light to
The Great Hall shone in its usual splendor. Dark wood and golden filigree were illuminated by candlelight, the picture windows that opened into the dark night covered by red velvet curtains.
The early sunlight illuminated his face and torso, and reflected on some tears made of blood that marred his cheeks. Castiel panicked for a second before realizing that the hunter had bloodstains on his clothes and face, but no wounds whatsoever. At his feet laid eight slain beasts that had never even gotten to hurt him- the ninth, next to Cas. His lean profile showed the mage the way his chest rose and fell in shallow pants. Gaze piercing, adrenaline making it shine. Jaw sharp, tilted up as he looked down at him.
“The bunker is guarded”, Sam said, opening his arms, “You could live here. Get some hobbies. Do some exercise, I don’t know. Find your own balance. Or maybe we could get you a place and ward it up real good”
“I really want to help you hunt, Dean. I know I can. Here”, he said as he stretched his arm to take the two healing potions and handing them to him.
But that train of thought crashed and burned as he blabbed out a strangled sound, flinching in place, his arms raising in an awkward movement of futile defense.
He remembered how his parents had died in the real world. How Bobby had. Ellen, and Jo. Jess. Cas hadn´t, Cas was still in the bunker, probably worried about them like a stressed momma bird. That left…
”, Cas continued, “And use every possible advantage. Wouldn’t turning help down reduce your chances?”
The woodland fiends were big things, around eight feet tall, basically humanoid. Thick black hair covered most of their bodies, skipping their faces and chests. Their huge hands were tipped in razor claws, their fangs protruded from their lips, and two viciously curved horns crowned their heads.
“I mean, we got rooms to spare. And you don´t have to hurry back, right? Stay for dinner. It´ll be nice, smaller. Just us and my folks and Sam and Jess. Mum will love it”
Good! Dean was already free! But a bellow and again the clacking of legs sounded behind him, and Castiel´s feeling of victory evaporated. He was tiring,
The angel was dramatic, but not that much so. That pathetic intimidation attempt, that stomp, that sound that had resonated everywhere… had been to tell the brothers Crowley was already in front of him. Giving them the
The mage’s eyes flickered towards the cave, worry on his features. Then he pressed his lips as he frowned, determined, and shook his head once.
He was lying on his motel bed, a pillow under his knee, a packet of ice over it to reduce the swelling. Sam had cleaned it and bandaged it as best he could, and left him there to rest as he checked the local news on his laptop to see if any statements on the victims found by the police were published. Dean was watching TV, volume low since he only wanted a minor distraction, and had his back prepped on some more pillows. He needed to be kinda vertical to drink, after all.
Castiel must have felt his eyes on him, because his smile widened, touching his eyes, before turning to him.
He couldn’t help one of the sides of his mouth to tug up in a warm smile. He put one of his fingers over his camera- he was
Also- we are celebrating!!!!! Pretty recently my most popular fic, Try, got 2,000 hits. Woohoo! (I decided to try and celebrate kudo/hits milestones to make the writing of longfics easier ^^). Sooooo, as a celebration, I'm releasing 2 chapters today: one from Dreams of Perdition, one from Kingdom of Heaven!
He walked some more around the clearing, picking up the knives he had thrown and checking more of the ground’s markings for extra information, but he had a clear path to follow in his mind. Cas followed him around like a puppy, angel blade in his hand. Dean’s eyebrows shot up as he found one of Sammy’s knives, and he pocketed it, glad for having at least a temporary replacement for the one the vexhound had run off with. Something lost, something gained.
He heard his brother roar and charge, right by his side, fighting ruckus as he shook his head and got to his hands and knees. He looked back to see the monster slithering towards them. They could not fight it safely with so many people around. His brother pushed someone back and grabbed his arm to help him up.
Suddenly Dean had recoiled nervously, taking his hands with him, looking away. Was he blushing? Holy fucking crap. And
The endrega bellowed in rage as it pierced bushes and big flowers with its front legs, making the other creature screech. It strongly moved its head to one side, ripping vines. Cas was behind the plant, so he didn’t know exactly what happened then; but he saw wisps of steam rise as the endrega started grumbling more sternly, more in pain than in rage now… and he shuddered upon remembering the acid on those flowers…
Until Dean had a single wolf on his right. Then, Castiel saw from where he sat how Dean smiled slightly to himself. He blinked as he recognized his angel blade on his left hand, never having seen how it had gotten there.
At that, the mage frowned a bit in confusion and looked up at him. He widened then his eyes a bit in understanding.
And with the passing of the years, Dean had gotten better. He got over his shame for his bisexuality, understood what a gift it was, explored it freely. He and Sam had unclung a bit from each other, especially since he met Eileen, and they had started to sometimes hunt separately- jeez, had he been regretting that decision for the past week. His confidence had risen. He doubted himself less and less.
The warrior let a strained breath escape, but the anesthetic worked fast. A moment later he let out a slow sigh, as his chest and shoulders melted into relaxation again, his head lolling to one side onto Castiel ́s shoulder.
He truly moved more vigorously. He seemed tired, but maybe he would be alright. Cas tried at least to think that.
. Dinner would be in twenty minutes, but he was expected even before that for the reception with his brothers. He actually had like… five minutes?
Then, immediately after Dean moved aside, he seized the opportunity and took the chair the peasant had just vacated from the wall to place it in front of his desk again. Without looking back at Dean he started arranging quill and ink, parchment, took his notes from the nearby bookshelf.
But then, he had sat on the cot beside him, dipped a towel in warm soapy water and started to clean his skin; softly, so he wouldn’t wake up. A careful, almost devotional task really; especially as he cleaned the edges of the wounds with the lightest touch he could manage. There was something soothing, something
“Okay, uh…”, the angel sounded frantic in his search, the sound of pages flipping got to them, “Yes, the Echidna was half beautiful maiden and half fearsome snake who was known to live in ancient Greece. An irresistible flesh-eating monster. It was known as
“I… I have to go get the… rangers´ message…”, the noble tentatively said as he got closer to the door, hand reaching blindly for the doorknob.
But as Castiel’s little ball of light came into existence, the shadows of the leaves and branches changed suddenly. Too fast for those skins to change in time- and so, they became visible.
He fell silent when he saw… the stripper to his left, clad in red leather, smirking at him. He frowned, not understanding, eyes wide.
“What?”, a chair squealed as the angel suddenly got up, his tone immediately worried, “Where are you? What happened?”
He looked down, paling. There was someone in the forest. In the Doomed Forest of Wyvernon. Probably being mauled by four-to-ten huge monsters.
He read that. Kevin read that and paled. The Demon Tablet was lost… but only for now. Crowley could do damage with the Angel Tablet… but with the Demon one? He would be unstoppable.
Note 2: I want this Destiel story to start from a point similar to the TV series, so I love to include those kind of situations where Dean and Cas are definitely having a "moment" in the eyes of a destiel fan but just something normal to a non-destiel shipper, like when Dean turns Cas around to and he´s holding him in his arms, faces so close; or Dean getting protective. I hope you enjoy them too ^^
Sam was looking at him with a confused and very sorry expression. He parted his lips as if he was going to say something, but then pressed them as he winced, eyes glistening a bit.
“Awesome”, the hunter breathed out, apparently slightly more relaxed, “But not today, we´re leaving in fifteen at the most. Ah, by the way, where did you put my sword? I´ve been rummaging around but I can´t find it”
Cas closed his eyes for a second, his headache spiking, then blinked rapidly to focus his eyesight. Okay, so maybe small tricks were alright to try, but full-on magic would be off the table for a bit yet.
kind of expression. The hunter had taken it with him, and was it straddling his shoulders, its outside appearance the one of a fancy brown leather backpack with runes carved in beige tones. He took it off and stood up, opening it, and unceremoniously turned it over.
of very intense, surgically precise healing magic. So much, I got very Corrupted, I almost Fell for what they told me- I don’t remember. I was unconscious during most of the process. After it all ended, the Corruption lingered for a long time. I could not do a single spell or use my powers in any way for weeks, or I would have Fallen instantly”
”, Gabriel answered in an angered tone, his grip on him tensing, “you should have known that your biomancy is not powerful enough to do that. Not yet, at least”
But it was just the motel room. He gulped, tried to calm his rampant breathing. The TV was turned off. He turned his gaze, Sam was looking at him with his brow pinched in worry, already beneath the covers.
His old man fell to his knees, as well as his mother, and both raised weak arms to hug each other as the flames consumed them. The roar of the flames muffled their screams.
Seconds passed, there was confusion, shouting, hissing; and suddenly every lasting victim was swarming them in the entrance hallway as the slithering creeper came down the steps. Dean was like three feet away from Sam, who was at the end of the stairs, and each of them had their own share of sick people at them.
“I w-will show you to the bathroom!”, Cas stammered, starting to walk around the bed, walking past the window.
The mage finally started to knit together what he had to do next. He looked up at Dean in slight dismay for a second.
He had started from the assumption that when he felt Castiel´s grace, that was exactly the moment they all had arrived. In seconds he had gotten there, and assumed that the boys were in the next corridor and running from their lives as he faced the angel; specially from that pathetic little shout the seraph had given.
“We gotta take a detour”, Dean said as he veered to the right, a few steps from the course of water.
“The portal´s busted! We can´t go out that way!”, Sam looked at him pale, panic on his features, “Something´s chasing us, Dean!”
The mage steeled his resolution and trotted quickly after the hunter. Behind them, the severed monster was still twitching on the ground. The bee was gone.
“Look… I don’t know exactly what God could want from you, Cas… But you can´t be doing it so wrong if he keeps bringing you back, right? Had you thought of that?"
How had they known? The whole plan had relied on that the demons would expect them to have arrived with Cas, and to think that he was their only way to make it out. So they would focus on the angel, thinking that by pining him they would have the whole group controlled; because the humans could not leave without him, and the angel
Dean sighed happily. He was sitting on a white wooden bench. In front of him, the sun was setting behind the mountains, dyeing the sky in a myriad of reds, pinks, and purples as it filtered through lazily moving clouds.
“I t-think they are trying to prevent me from leaving”, grunted Cas gritting his teeth, taking his hand.
“I’m sorry”, he said again, “I don’t feel a good host would have left their guest unattended, or fall asleep on them”
With a towel at his hips, he passed a hand over his mirror to wipe the steam away. He grimaced while tilting his head, seeing how some bruises were already appearing on his neck, shoulders and jaw. Those damn tentacles… But he smiled to himself. He had seen enough hentai to know that a couple of neck bruises were the best possible scenario he could have gotten out with.
Castiel’s eyes took a second to focus on him, and for a moment, his expression was simply lost and tired. Then, suddenly, recognition got to them- followed by a faint blush and a stern frown. He sat up immediately as Dean took a step back. The mage said nothing and didn’t look at him as he gathered his clothes and slipped inside the bathroom.
Sam looked at him with pity, with compassion, sadness and pain, as he kept pressing his lips, eyes definitely humid now… and nodded.
Dean pitied him so fucking much. He hated when someone else pitied him- but damn, he couldn’t help it. Dean was a sexual creature. He
“The recipe I´ve found needs some ingredients that I have, like ginger and nasturtium seeds”, he explained, trying for a relaxed smile to seem professional, “But apparently, a key ingredient of the woodland fiend antivenom is the venom itself. Found in the fangs of the creatures”, Cas took an instrument from the bag that was hanging from his shoulder- a pair of big silver pliers, that he showed to Dean with a little wiggle, “So I have to go back to the forest for a second to get some”
Leave some kudos/small comment to give a boost of serotonin and energy to an stressed and broke student/writer that just got her laptop broken and lost a bit of what she last wrote xD I hope you like this one!!
He stopped himself, blinking in confusion. There was… a shackle. On his wrist. He looked to his other hand. Shackled as well. What…?
Dad had been gone for many years now. And Dean loved the man, to his damned core, even today. But things as they were: he had fucked Dean and Sam up in some ways that, sometimes, came back. He held no grudge. A widowed man struggling to keep two kids alive in the chaos between plagues and monsters- could have gone
As it sunk, blue veins of power exploded in all directions on the ground, shining for a moment; while magic flowed from Castiel’s chest, to his arm, to his hand and through the crystal onto the earth. After only a moment, the veins dimmed out until they disappeared, and with a sigh the mage let go of the stone.
Cas kept running, the endrega behind him. He pushed again, vines parting from his way, and he kept eating the terrain that separated him from the carnivorous plant creature.
“Pff. Man, do I hope you´re right”, the hunter said with his eyes closed, “I´m just saying- if I wake up with a black-eyed freak by my side, I´m not holding myself responsible”
It dawned at Cas, and the tension drained from his body as the winds on his sails died, the rage dwindling.
that wants to eat me in better condition. Or you´re waiting till I´m okay to cook my organs into a potion”
Anyway, since last chapter´s cliffhanger was so COOL (I love the suffering) I won´t stall you anymore, bring in the monsters!!!! :DDD
“His name was Zachariah”, he answered, looking at his glass too, “War took him. He went crazy. My older brothers had to fight him… and put him down”, the mage continued.
But his annoyance dissolved, the pain being a little too much. He finally flailed his hands to his head, rolling into a fetal position, breathing heavily. Everything spun, and even though he breathed and breathed, he was finally cast into the darkness.
The mage frowned in anxiety at that. The way he had said that… it really seemed that he actually meant
“There might be several djinns in there”, Sam said looking up at the house, “Maybe we should have called for some backup”
Surprised whines rose as some of the closer creatures were swung in mid-air, the farther ones dragging their paws on the forest floor as they were pushed backwards.
“Dude, I found the trail back thanks to you, and we gained three fucking days. We can take it easy. I don’t wanna burn you out on the first day”
Castiel made a pensive sound. That made sense. He looked down at how he had displayed things, as if on a table. Unlike him, Dean was really ready to run if he had to. With a thinking frown, he set the travel cutlery down and extended his hand to ask for Dean’s knife. The peasant looked amusedly at him before passing it, and observed him as he cut the bread in the same way he had.
Dean had fallen onto his knees at some point. He didn´t know when. He was sobbing, but he wasn’t aware. His eyes couldn’t tear off the glass. He could only see red flames, whirling and dancing.
Castiel had risen his good arm to shelter his face from the heat and light of the flames. The fire was roaring in the ceiling, leaping at the walls, running down them so quickly.
Castiel smiled a bit more. The hunter seemed so relieved. A part of him knew… that his guard was low now. He could push a bit more. Cas walked two steps towards him.
He sensed the hug on his ribs of the first monster victim he ever saved. Her name was Vicky. She had been taken by vampires. She was twelve. She´d been unharmed.
“But isn’t that kind of information super expen…?”, started to ask Dean, turning towards him with his shirt half-way on.
The noble stood up deadpanning at him and pressing his lips judgingly, but he closed his eyes and shook his head before choosing to stay silent, instead of reviving the
He swallowed, realizing why Crowley had made the cage so big… How many demons, how many hellhounds could fit inside that and attack him all at once?
He knocked lightly twice before pushing the half-open door, which he hadn´t closed when he had left the room before.
“If something big and bad comes, we´re gonna need you to put on your big girl pants”, said Dean pointing at him with a fork.
He run a hand through his hair as he lowered his head, eyes firmly shut. The information was so scarce. He was tired. His brain felt like a sponge. He just had to find a link, a way so that it all made sense... He took a deep breath, looking up again, relentlessly taking the next probably useless text.
The both looked at each other, and Dean´s heart wrenched. Castiel looked awful. He knew his wings were a mess, even though he couldn’t see them now. He was covered in black hellhound and demon blood, but his vessel´s red one stained his whole shoulder, darkening the tan trenchcoat. He had bites and slashes in his torso. He was panting, grimacing in pain. Dean had his own whole collection of injuries, but the pooches had obviously been focusing on Cas.
See you next week in chapter 5, "My Name is Dean Winchester!" Some bonding finally ^^ And a very, very cool initial scene. Ah, I just love nightmares ^^
“Well, it seems pretty more permanent than anything I´ve seen thrown at you”, grunted Dean, “Good thing we found a way to get you out of that kind of cage if it happens again. That fire can´t touch you again”
Castiel gave him a compassionate smile. The last thing Gabriel Southernstar wanted was to be intertwined with politics and nobility responsibilities, yet his condition as fourth son entailed that he sometimes
What do you guys think of the history of the Kingdom? This chapter gives way to our first Dean POV. Wish me luck :))
Then his shoulders slumped as he gave out a loud, exhausted sigh; and he leaned forward to rest his hands on his slightly bent knees.
How many hours had he slept? Golden light entered through the window. Was it maybe sundown? Castiel sat up at the bed beside Dean, checking himself. No dizziness. No awful waves of unbearable tension. Good.
As the kid recalled his last training session, and Lucifer congratulated him, Castiel´s attention was called by a movement performed in his direction. Gadreel was trying to catch his eyes, having discretely entered the Great Hall and now standing near the door, waiting to be given permission to approach. Castiel nodded, and the servant went to him and passed him a folded note in perfect silence, retreating afterwards.
“Good. Okay, Dean. Right now, you are recuperating from all the blood loss you suffered yesterday”, Cas explained in a patient voice, “That´s why you feel tired. We will fix that by resting and drinking lots of fluids. Also, your body is fighting the venom in your blood the best way it can- by raising your temperature. That battle inside you keeps you weak, and feeling sick. The elixir I gave you was a bit unspecific; so aside from acting on your wounds, that are almost closed; it helped a bit against the venom too. I have prepared more over the night, I will administer it to you soon”
Then he closed his eyes and laughed up to the sky, somehow making it a whole-body movement, hand palming his thigh.
“And I know that I´m no employee of the year in the Communication Department”, Dean continued, “But… you don’t count on us, man. Sometimes, you just don´t”
I will probably post next chapter in June so... A petition? I got a very important exam on May 30th. Important enough that it could determine the rest of my life. I am not exaggerating at that, not even a bit. I do believe that people can attract good things? So if any of you remembers to think of me and wish me luck and send some good vibes, I'd be so grateful ^^
“You can´t see any of the important bits!”, Dean complained at his distressed face, “Come on, dude, first ogling and now being such a baby”
“The merit was not only mine”, the angel dedicated half a smile towards Dean as he looked at him sideways.
“No, no, I… I wanted to”, he said turning towards her, “I am also glad that you were born, Miss Winchester. I too would like to celebrate it”
“Okay”, he sighed, frowning still, “He’s still alive. For sure”, he said, but with a questioning voice as he looked at Cas; the mage nodded confidently, “Okay. That’s good enough”
Cas looked at Dean in absolute surprise, marveled and shocked at the display of emotion and happiness that something so simple and unimportant to him had created. The hunter passed an arm over his shoulder and took him closer fondly.
And finally the fiend stopped moving, head lolling to the side. The warrior got to his feet and staggered away from the creature, doubled over.
“And, and you need to become a great soldier, right?”, Dean provided with a smile, palms opening, “I thought of some things to teach you today”
feel like eating. His tired body begged him to just return to bed, and his headache sternly demanded him the same. He dismissed it all and took a deep breath.
Something… was on the other side of the living room. Something that the weak and scattered streams of moonlight could not truly illuminate. But… it didn’t seem to be walking.
“You are cute”, Cas teased, a sentence that heard in his gravelly angelic voice was the weirdest thing ever.
broke something, the spell, the whatever thing that had locked him in place; his face broke into a smile and he advanced a step to hug him. Like so many other times when they had thought they´d lost each other. After Purgatory. After Cas´s death at the hands of Lucifer. When Dean returned after confronting Amara and God.
The young healer sighed loudly as he walked the stone corridors. Way to begin a partnership. Dean had been more upset than he´d expected, and he wondered if he would still want him to come with to the hunt. His footsteps lead him to the communication barracks, where a servant immediately saluted him in a military fashion and handed him an envelope.
“Are you sure?”, he asked with, to his embarrassment, a weak voice, “I-I don’t want to cause any delays”
The mage looked at the floor a second more, then raised his eyes. Dean´s gaze eventually stopped examining the room and locked on him. Green met blue, and they stared at each other, calculating.
”, he looked at him, accusing, “You decided to accept death, first thing. Like, your first fucking option. When we could still find ways to get you out of the fire, to freaking fight back; death was your
Note 1: There have happened some things on the series that differ from what I wrote- like, I recently watched an episode in which Dean goes to have dinner all bloodied and Sam asks him to shower-, but Ive decided to stick to the plans I had when I was on season 9 and all of this fic came into my mind. After all this is my headcannon, and I don't want to change it after every episode I see- still on season 14. Sorry for the changes!  Hope you like it anyway ^^
“Yes, my lord, it is”, the servant provided with a compassionate smile, “I guess you are focusing a lot on your studies”
Cas thought briefly about the dampening tattoo. Surely Uriel could put one on his body in the blink of an eye…
“Only if we… are too loud. Stone walls…”, Cas murmured clumsily, and rose his gaze to the hunter in awe, “You… saved me”
Dean grunted in absolute pleasure as the hot water hit him, and stood under the shower with his eyes closed for a second. When he lowered his head so the water fell onto the back of his neck, he opened his eyes and saw it fall from him stained with black blood, riveting around his feet before going down the drain.
The cheesy dialogue from the TV show blurred together with the memories of the shadowy house. Some canned laughter echoed around the whisper of scales, slithering on top of old, cracked wood. He groaned and turned his head on the pillow.
“Endregas, I know”, Cas interjected, “I studied them. Had never seen one in the flesh until now, however”
Having surrounded the bed and being close to him, he stared at Dean for a moment. He remembered very well how feverish and sick he´d looked the previous day. Castiel had to finish healing his wounds today. Dean´s shoulders were slightly hunched, but otherwise he seemed alright.
He turned on the engine and adjusted the center mirror in automatic motions… but then he looked to the side. Where his angel-
“It´s not such a big deal”, he grunted, “I just… don´t know you either. I took risks bringing you here. I thought that if I kept you in the dark, I could have a better handle on the situation. I honestly did not expect you to need more than some hours of therapy. That you just… would be sleepy and not bright enough to realize… things”
Dean walked with him to the kitchen table shaking his head. He didn´t think he was wrong. He was once again awed at the insight his brother had for some things.
Dean hadn´t played around like that with his dad since he was a kid; and also, beating him in something remotely related to combat… It had been the most awesome Dean had ever felt.
Charlie appeared on the screen. She was on her bed, and Dean´s smile widened all the way as he realized he was wearing blue Star Wars pajamas, buttoned up to her neck, patterned with little Millenial Falcons all around. Red hair a bit tousled, face a bit drowsy with sleep; but eyes bright and alert. She seemed to have turned on a desk lamp, and she smiled at the camera for a second before frowning in confusion.
The peasant started to make wrist movements with it, testing its balance; he twirled it around on his fingers.
as the impact made the mantle of leaves of the forest ripple and spread out to the sides, the displaced wind shaking his hair.
Both hunters let out their breaths in relieved, almost silent sighs. They were both hidden inside a wardrobe, its door gaping an inch or two to be able to look outside, and it was
He opened his mouth and closed it again. He looked away, then sat back on one of the chairs of the table.
“You might be needed in the confrontation, should you end up a warrior, my son”, Naomi answered, and then she stated in a tone so calm yet so firm that left no room for doubt that her will would be abided by, “You will choose within the next two months, Southernstar”
“Yes, yes, the one used by Metratron. Useless now. The only niphilim on Earth was killed, and I´m not in the mood of waiting for another one to be spawned”
During the Apocalypse, four awful dark spells had been unleashed upon the Earth. Famine was slow but awful: whoever was affected by it could eat, but no nourishment got to their bodies. People withered away in days in a slow, awful demise. War made people crazy with rage and violence, and siblings attacked each other, fathers to their children, friends to friends, strangers to strangers. It didn’t stop until they were killed, put down like rabid dogs. Pestilence made people fall sick, down in their cots coughing blood and pain coursing through their bodies. Death… had been the most silent and merciful. Whoever got it… just dropped dead. No suffering. No possible attempt of a solution, however. For the other spells, people had found remedies that sometimes worked. But not for Death, not ever.
“Cassie”, his brother took his chin to make him look him in the eye, “I know you´re training hard, okay? You barely ever leave your room, everything you do is related to the Academy in one way or another… I get it, okay? It´s important to you, to get into the army. But
Bobby adjusted his cap and took out the last two burgers, handing them to John so he would deliver them around. Dean was leaving his empty bottle on that little recycling bin Sam had insisted they had to use and reaching for a new cold one when he heard Bobby snort.
Sam took a little briefcase from the trunk and opened it. It contained a huge amount of shots with djinn antidote- thirty at least. They could not be sure of how many victims would still be alive, being fed upon. Sam took one of the syringes and turned to Dean, who extended his arm.
with a thud, and a big thing screeched loudly as it retreated a step, clutching at the tree bark of one of the pines.
But Dean, as he dodged, as he moved; never stopped delivering short cuts to whichever creature he got close to. His weapons shone as the sunlight caught on the blades, and there was a moment where all Castiel could see was fur and flashes of light; all he could hear, roars, grunts and steel singing as the blades cut the air. After a moment the beasts slowed down, most slightly injured; and Dean stood in one place for a second, panting. Castiel´s heart leaped upon seeing that
In this chapter, we see Castiel´s brothers for the first time. Some notes on their appearance, at least my interpretation of it:
“I´m sure he´ll be back in a sec”, he turned to her, “So, I know that the official celebration is not today…”
“It’s always like this, ain’t it?”, the hunter said with a bitter smile, “Small people get the worst cards of the deck”
“No”, he said with a tone that got higher at the end of the word, “Nothing I´ve said is a lie”, he defended himself.
Last night had been a little bit challenging, having a stranger seeing him on his sleeping clothes; even though they were as modest as his daily ones, buttoned up to his throat… And even more so for Dean to ask him if he could remove his shirt to sleep. However, he had steeled himself and agreed before simply turning away in bed.
He heard his mother´s laughter- a sound he hadn´t heard since he was four, and that he had really thought he had forgotten.
He got the bowl to his lips and tilted it very slowly. Part of the liquid fell off his mouth, but most of it he could pour between his lips.
He felt blissful. The gruesome images were finally fading, the anxiety on his mind drifting away, the knots on his muscles unclenching. And it was about damn time. It wasn’t as if the events of the day had been any more traumatic than average, he told himsel. He distractedly mused for a second over how the dream shit would affect the people that were not used to see living nightmares on a daily basis like him. He figured that the therapists of this little town were right about to strike gold. The bars too.
“It was nothing”, said the angel quickly, and he made a small smile, “Miss Winchester… Thank you for accepting me in your home today”
Also, till now Dean´s mostly sucked cause he was hurt and out of his element. Its *his* time to be cool! ^^
“Shit, man”, the hunter said between laughter, “It’s funny now, but then I thought you were dead. But you’re tough, you’re tough”
He grabbed whoever was at his back and with a roar made them roll over his back and slammed them to the floor. Whoops, sorry, motherly type. He could not afford to play nice anymore.
hands occupied, he couldn’t prevent it. He grunted and gave it all of his strength, his fingers burning: he had to kill him already. His face was reddened already, veins popping out on his forehead as the man opened his mouth in futile interrupted gasps. Exhausted, panting, but not backing down; Dean gritted his teeth, started groaning in fury, fingers digging onto his skin.
. Jesus fuck. It had taken him two months to save enough money to get a silver dagger of that size. A
“Just saying, man”, Dean shook his head, relentless, “In my line of business, you can´t go around trusting strangers. And I´m sorry, dude, but you´re sketchy. It´s very clear that you wanna hide your identity from me, and where we are. You are elusive as
He could not help being bitter and merciless. He still hurt so fucking much. His inescapable fate made his life miserable every minute he couldn’t avoid thinking about it, or work to make it better; and then his stupid hopes raised up again, telling him that maybe, maybe there could be a way, maybe… And he knew it was helpless, so he got mad at them. And at himself. And at his mother. And remembered the terror she inspired in him. And the pain of the things she had done to him. And then came the guilt…
“I do admit, aside from all I said, that I hate thinking that all my healing work you would be wasted in recklessness”, the mage added, lifting his chin up in pretended annoyance, “Especially when one night of sleep and one healing spell as you wake up will leave you good as new… I´m a doctor, I care”, he murmured at the end in a complaining tone.
Cas had sliced one throat, but then a hound charged his whole weight onto him and he fell backwards to the floor. The thing attacked viciously his right arm, since it was his right hand that had his blade gripped, and shook his head until he got it out of the way… and into the Holy fire.
“I really think so”, the mage provided with a calmed tone, though a slight frown had formed on his brow.
“And no one knows exactly where souls are, right?”, his brother continued “So, what if I get like, a transplant and… I get someone else´s soul in me? Like, a bit of someone else, bugging me? Could that even happen?”
The hunter pursed his lips, still shaking his head, huge incredulity in his eyes. Castiel understood that he would have to change tactics.
don’t touch anything”, he continued, making a gesture to his lab table, “For your own good… It won´t be long, just however long it takes me to get the tooth and teleport back”
Dean opened his eyes and blinked away the dots the pressure of his fingers on them had created. The tears were at bay. He then realized how fucking weird this must seem from Charles´s point of view. Calling her in the middle of the night. He glimpsed at the phone screen. Jesus, it was 2 am.
But for a second, feeling that solid touch, that warm caress, Dean felt that… as crazy as things were, this was the most real thing that had happened to him in that whole week.
“It really depends on how well your body responds to the antidote”, he answered pensively, “Two days, maybe”
“I… think someone has attempted it in the past”, he murmured, “But I don’t believe anyone has succeeded ever. And I seriously doubt that any doctor would do that to you even if they could, no matter how injured you get”
He shook his head, willing the dizziness off, as he saw how the guy touched something on the floor, looked at his own fingers… and suddenly opened the chamber of the gun with a sharp flick. In frantic movements he took the bullets out, and… tossed them on the ground?
Naomi of the House of the Mighty entered the room, and the light seemed to dim a bit at her entrance. Her dress of deep dark blue was as luxurious as the garment of the second most powerful person in the Kingdom of Heaven should be. Her blond hair was perfectly held in a silvery net decorated by pearls. Master wielder of lightomancy, elemental magic, kinetomancy and mind-bending; her vast power was felt in the air, the slightest buzz of energy around her.
They stayed silent. Dean didn’t move, looking up at him, lips sealed, eyes wide. Cas still balled his fists, eyes staring hard at the hunter. The crackling of the flames seemed loud in the stillness. The tension in the air could have been cut with a knife.
Castiel’s head was drifting. With his eyes closed, he could feel it spin slowly, as if he were lightheaded from having a little bit too much ambrosia. It could have been a nice sensation, if it were not interrupted at intervals by growing feelings of tension on his head, iron fingers that gripped it at the sides and top and squished till they made him grunt in discomfort, only to then relent after a second or two. He sighed. After several cycles, the pressure was lessening, and every time the bursts of pain took longer to arrive.
Yeah, yeah it was. Dean felt a warm fuzzy feeling blooming on his chest as he realized again how much he had, how grateful he was for it, how happy it made him.
. But not for nothing he had chosen the best guy to do it, he thought to himself as he smiled wickedly.
Dean walked to him dreamily, thinking of those cartoons that floated towards something delicious just by following the smell. There were three plates. Of course Sammy wouldn´t cook anything for Cas. One was for Sam, another for Kevin.
They resumed eating in silence. Dean had already started his second sandwich when Sam finished his own. His little brother frowned at him as he burped, and he gave him his most charming smile.
Right now, they were closer to the High Academy of Magic, situated on a mountain top; than the Mighty Spire, placed on a valley in the very center of the Azula region. The altitude was considerable, so only conifers and small bushes like junipers or heathers grew here. Like in any Doomed Forest, where plants and monsters seemed to grow exceptionally big, the pines there were wide enough for two people to be able to surround them with their meeting arms. However, this part of the woods was not densely packed, so he could see a bit into the distance, and except in regions where several pines had huddled together, the branches allowed him to see the sky.
“Hey…”, he murmured as he carefully opened the door after knocking, head peeking in as soon as he was able to.
He suddenly remembered how Uriel´s questions had gathered the attention of his whole family upon him, and he laughed nervously.
Most plants and creatures tended to grow in a larger measure in the Doomed Forests, the ones roamed by monsters, than in other places. It was well known that in those places, the ambient magic was higher than in the populated areas, than in the villages and fortresses; and most scholars agreed there was a relationship between both facts. After all, more ambient magic meant more biomantic particles for the forms of life to grow big and strong throughout the years, more healing energy for them to recover from diseases and injuries. The ingredients taken from Doomed Forests were the richest, most concentrated ones, as well as the most dangerous ones to obtain.
He took two fingers to the man ́s temple, eyes closed, to confirm what he already suspected: there was an infection.
Why there was more magic in the Doomed Forests, that was a matter that had not been settled yet. Some theorists argued that mages might have depleted the populated areas of magic due to its intensive use during Heaven´s War. Others argued that it was the unique environment of the Doomed Forests that originated the rise in the levels, that monsters and magical creatures exuded magic to their surroundings. Since most of the records from before Heaven´s War had been lost, there was no way to really know.
Dean had actually seen more signs than what he was showing Cas, but had kept them to himself so he wouldn’t overwhelm him. He had located more black blood, and very distinct limp-dragging marks. He’d understood that amidst the battle, one of the rawheads had probably escaped, injured- and after Sammy finished up at the clearing and the cave, had started following it. Rawheads sometimes operated in communities, individuals changing from one nest to the other in mating season- to spice things up, maybe? So maybe this one knew of a near refuge. Dean could swear that this trail was making a beeline for nest number two, the eastern one, if his mental image of the map wasn’t utterly wrong.
Cas looked back over his shoulder. The remaining centipedes were gone. Weren´t there still two or three out there?
Usually a hunter´s blade had special treatments to make them more effective against monsters… making them very expensive items. Whatever he had in his bag, too, could have gotten ruined- it had rained for a bit the past afternoon. Animals could have mauled on it.
as offspring was born. No studies that Castiel had ever read had given a clear explanation of why- it was just the way things were. The firstborn was always the strongest one, the second one a bit less. The first four sons of a House were always distinctly more powerful than the rest, and they were known as the Four Stars- Morningstar for the first one, Eveningstar for the second, Northernstar and Southernstar for the next ones. After four children, power significantly diluted; but in a world where every mage was valuable, having a huge amount of offspring was almost mandatory amongst the nobility.
He moved mechanically, ordering his notes and taking them away, disrobing in the bathroom, sliding into his pajamas first, and after putting the candles out, between the sheets. His back turned to Dean, he stayed for some time with his eyes open, his feelings stirring a bit yet.
He looked around. He had taken the food tray outside, leaving it on the floor beside his door for Gadreel to pick up. He had cleaned the splashes of water Dean had left on the carpet with a movement of his hand, and picked up the hunter´s clothes from the chair he had left them at. After purifying them- it would not clean them completely, but it improved their state a lot- he´d gently knocked on the bathroom and announced he would be opening the door to leave his clothes for him. He´d sternly ignored Dean´s teasing when he told him “no peeking”; definitely not blushing too much and keeping a straight, confident expression as he opened the door very slightly and gingerly pushed the bundle of clothing through the floor while looking away.
And my warmest thanks to Azrael_abaddon. Your comment reminded me, time and again when I reread it in my email, that people wanted to keep reading this. And also to anyone reading, giving kudos, commenting even when it is even once.
The monster hunter swirled to him, registered his expression- his wide eyes, his slack jaw- and immediately took his hand to his sword.
!”, Castiel shrieked in a tone of protest, eyes still drilling the door, consternation making his face slack and his eyes wide.
He looked back at him over his shoulder. His breathing was steadier, but nothing like healthy. The beasts had damaged some of his ribs, he remembered. He thought of bone regeneration for a second, and left the mortar to get to a distant shelf that contained mineral ingredients to grab a pinch of limestone.
“If I get hurt, I can heal myself at will”, the mage smiled, “And heal you, too. These are in case I´m not close enough or fast enough to get to you. Just for emergencies. You can keep them for future hunts if we don’t ever use them in this endeavor”
If someone is wondering what Cas said that made Sam laugh, its "Everything can breed, and wants to. Of all people, you would think he would know by now" xD
“He just… wanted me to read through the tablet, he wanted to see like, all it had, without specifics first. That was good. He just got titles, but not how to do anything”
The mage followed its fall with his wavering gaze, seeing how the giant black wolf thrashed its paws erratically, gurgling, until the spasms stopped and it all got quiet and still.
“Yeah, mum”, groaned Dean with a roll of his eyes as his brother grimaced a bit as he injected himself.
“Well, yeah. But he rebelled on the Apocalypse, to try to stop it. And it was us who stopped it. We´ve done some world saving some other times. So… maybe he sees us as something crucial”, Sam put a pinch of salt into what he was cooking, “And as long as he still thinks he´s… I don’t know, less important, well. It wouldn´t surprise me if he did that again”
Sam pursed his lips in thought as he beat some eggs. They were both engaged in making breakfast, alone in the kitchen of the Men of Letters.
“… t-to a love confession in the history of love confessions”, he said, maybe a tad too quickly, as if he was trying to speed over a bumper road. He had blushed a bit. He took an uneven breath to continue, “I thank you for that. I mean… what you said. About me. It… a part of me felt you were right. I… thought of that as we had Chuck at our mercy. I told him, you know. He called me the perfect killer. I told him…”, he looked up at the angel, “that I wasn´t. I wasn´t that”
He started to take his jacket off and, under the confused look of his brother, did a noose on one end of a sleeve. He smirked at Sam, let the noose catch flame, and flailed it towards the darkness monster.
Hey yall!! I'm pretty happy to post ^^ I'm going to start a new chapter of my writing experience: I'm going unbetaed!! My lovely beta (Pax I love youuuuu) is very busy rn, but she has helped me so much and made me learn so damned much, that I feel confident enough to, for some time at least, post solo :) We die like men, says the usual tag? xD It's gonna be a test for me, since usually her blessing is the cure for my insecurities- but it will be good for me to develop my own criteria and to be confident of that what I write is good even without anyone else's confirmation :) (Though comments are always welcome xD)
Castiel took a deep breath, trying to calm his irritation and nerves. He felt stupid and annoyed. He was a professional, dammit. A healer, a doctor- and anatomy was just anatomy. But he could not help but feel uncomfortable.
Now that he knew what he was looking for, he started seeing it more. Little glitches of leaves, of branches, difficult to notice if one wasn’t looking for them; but undeniable now.
“Nonsense. You are the one that´s taken care of my boys so many times. Dean says you´re family, then you´re family”
I would have gone to you. I just... thought that… It was stupid”, he finished, not knowing how to continue the lie.
The mage couldn ́t help to smile fondly. The hunter lay on his chest as he held his weight; an arm surrounding him, a protective feeling spiking on him. He was a doctor, after all. He couldn’t help but care about his patients. Maybe he had gotten too close because of that tattoo, but he had done nothing inappropriate. And surely there was nothing wrong in feeling happy about taking care of another in such a pure way. He took the bandages and swiftly covered the clean, disinfected, anesthetized and almost closed wounds in a tight embrace. When he carefully deposited his body back on the mattress, he retreated slowly, hands up. The hunter did not stir again. A few moments later he had bandaged the bit arm too, and watched for a second the final result with satisfaction.
He still glared at Cas, not liking how that sounded. The angel had pleading eyes on him, as if begging him to comprehend.
“Sure they had, and they looked, but couldn’t find them in the populated areas. And they won´t get into a forest that´s full of monsters. You gotta pay a crazy hunter for that”, he provided, tilting his head as if that were obvious.
Now, he was chiding himself, guilt sinking deeply in his stomach. He had spent the last... he didn ́t know how long, passing a towel against that skin, analyzing every inch as if it had been a case study from the Academy. Not an it-
And as he rose his eyes again, they were gleaming a bit. Holy crap. Cas was serious about kids, dammit.
By the way: I do know that they both sound a bit too old, 27 and 29... But the chronology is hard to do >.< As you know from the summary, there was a huge war, and I had to give the people at least 15 years to recover from the damages of war, and the characters had to be old enough to remember the events and be able to react to them... Everything´s got a reason, you´ll see :)
“Cas, wait, we… What we need is knowledge, fast”, Sam intervened, “We need to know what we are facing and how to kill it. Can you get to the library?”
He spat a mouthful of blood and, as the fucker took the bullets again on his hand, Dean rose to his feet and threw himself at his enemy. He went down with a huff, scrambled, tried to get away from the hunter´s grasp. A punch hit his stomach, and he took it with a grunt. He grabbed that hair again and punched him right in the broken nose, getting a pained grunt as a reward. The idiot lay on the floor for a moment, back arched in pain, eyes fiercely closed, teeth gritting; blood staining his nose, his upper lip, dying some of his teeth.
?”, he said, squinting at him with that smile betraying his serious face, “I guess it’s hard to resist”
Humbling to an angel, holy fucking shit. Dean smiled to himself. It was true that Cas hadn´t had the opportunity of interacting with Jessica since before her pregnancy started, but he hadn´t expected him to be so enthralled by her view. It was kinda moving.
Both brothers made sure to walk in front of her, shoulder to shoulder, obscuring her view until they reached the garden access. Then they looked at each other with stupid giddy expressions, each took one of the doors and they opened them suddenly.
Cas retreated a step to let the hunter examine the map, and he started to reach for the potions that had been bubbling over the night. He turned off the burners, started labeling some little bottles, and as soon as they got cold enough to touch he poured the contents of the beakers on their new, smaller containers. He covered them with little corks and started rummaging on the drawers beneath the table.
The hunter jumped and tackled him, both fell into the ground with a thump while Sam flew to place himself in the wall beside the bathroom door.
, in a way Dean had never heard; and he felt some weird pop in his ears as a low thrumming sound vibrated on his chest; as if along with his voice something else was sounding… he remembered the first time he saw Cas. How that low, powerful freaking
He could hear more screams nearby, he couldn’t figure out the direction though. He panted heavily, hissing, and grunted as the pain in his head pulsed, and pulsed, before starting to recede.
“What sense does it make that you die with me when you can be saved?”, Castiel pleaded, “Get to them. The second they use it, the sigil will disappear. Get to the portal before they…!”
Castiel let out a sigh of relief while he slowly turned, trying to figure out how he was supposed to look at the hunter in the eyes now.
resounded as some unseen force flung the hound from the angel, against a wall, from where he fell to the flames and screamed as he writhed in pain as the flames consumed him. Cas gritted his teeth for a second, doubling in pain and fatigue, but shot a look up as a demon appeared in front of him, blade already flying down.
The eyes of the angel were shining like crazy, and that sent a pang of pain through his whole body… it was just like he had last seen him.
“No, that´s… ”, he said fast as he slapped away his hand, eyebrows rose in alarm, “not gonna happen”
“I guess… that’s something that’s not a part of a peasant’s life”, he said with a small smile, “We nobles, our lives are conditioned by our duties. And the higher ranks of the Warriors of Heaven… can’t be shackled by their families. Some of them do come back, but others, the higher ranks… they have to leave their families forever and never return. We all accept that. In some cases, the memories of the family have to be erased”
His brother closed his eyes as he let out a relieved sigh, right before resting his forehead on his shoulder. They remained close for a moment more.
I decided Im gonna try and start celebrating milestones. Not many people get to 40K! And there´s still much more to come ^^
“Dean, let me help you. Please”, he said, his calmed eyes on his, “Imagine what you could do with magic like this by your side”
“Oh, no; please, no; let’s just, go back already”, Cas said, closing his eyes for a second in relief.
“I know it was different on the Angel War, okay? You had your army and all that shit, and we weren’t as close. But now we´re in the same team, man. Especially since Heaven has kicked your butt out. I´m not telling you to ask us for permission or that kind of crap. I get that sometimes, one´s gotta do what one´s gotta do. But… can you like, at least, not plan stuff behind our backs? Maybe tell us what you intend to do, if you have the chance?”
think I´m ever going to be able to forget that?”, he asked, a small shrill in his voice, looking at his friend as if he was crazy.
, he remembered his notes saying about the endregas. He had the feeling he was going to remember those words many times.
“Uh… I don´t… think you should worry about that, Lucifer”, he babbled, a bit out of balance still, “As… far as I´ve read, it is believed that if the soul is in an organ, it´s in the brain. And no one has ever done a brain transplant”
Cas looked at him, a swirl of emotions stirring in his belly. His initial glee for being where he was dissipated as his usual worries came back into his head. He unintentionally let out a sigh. He stayed silent for a moment, expression serious and somber, as he searched for words.
His brother´s horrified gaze turned up to eleven and he let go of Jess to try to open it, then gave it a powerful kick.
“Totally”, the hunter said with genuine relief, “Never, ever. Talk about what?”, he ended in a semi-comical fashion, trying to smile.
“Wait, hold on a second…”, the peasant chuckled as he sat forward, shaking his head, “You gotta be joking me. That’s a joke, right?”
The air seemed to vibrate for an instant, the world inhaling, before a huge wave of kinetic energy exploded from his body.
“Yes”, Castiel sighed, “I… always have the best intentions, but it never works out. I wonder… if I´m trying to act against my nature. Maybe that’s why it… backfires”
A centipede suddenly rose from the ferns and threw itself at Dean. He gave a step back, and at the sudden lack of resistance the vines tugged more forcefully- Dean´s hand slipped from his forearm to his wrist.
The woman let out a scream as kitchenware clanged and water splashed. Dean charged forward to clasp on her wrist, where she had instinctively grabbed a long knife.
The eyes of most of the wolves were locked into the dazzling light show, and some started to slowly trot closer to the hunter. Two or three that almost had their teeth on Cas launched forward again, but the mage let out a frantic push of kinetic force against them that made them skitter on the forest ground. With a frustrated growl, possibly seeing that none of their attempts had gotten them closer to him, they turned to run at the blade wielder. Cas´s heart clenched in sudden apprehension- they were too many…
Relief and some kind of warmth extended inside the hunter. Hell, he could be a proud son of a bitch sometimes. He may not have been able to work with someone that he felt had insulted him. Good thing Cas was a better man than him about that.
Dammit. He knew he should apologize. Dean hated the idea, as a rule- it made him feel stupid, and admitting he was the failure he sometimes felt like was never easy. But Cas was good people, had helped him, seemed willing to keep doing it. And he was upset. Dean had upset him.
They waited for some seconds, then a minute. Nothing moved. Dean got his hand to his jacket without taking his eyes away and drew a small pocket flashlight. He looked at Sam to give him a warning, and after his brother nodded, he turned it on.
“I feel fine. Recuperated”, he said turning towards Dean with his new arrangement of clothes folded over his arm.
PS- This fanfic was inspired by another one but I dont remember the title nor author. It was one in which Dean started having dreams about Cas being a bit BDSM with him. If anyone knows it, please let me know so I can credit it!!
He screamed as he had the metal pin screwed into his forehead an inch, paralyzed from the pain, breathless. He vaguely felt Crowley take his trembling hand and, to his distant horror, put it inside the bag with whatever it was inside.
“Wow”, Dean said, stopping for a second to repress a burp, “Did you just compare nobles to monsters?”, he snickered.
“But, uh, other than that…?”, Sam said in lamely concealed worry, “You´re alright? I mean, it… it must have been a lot. What you saw…”
“He can zap out of here whenever he wants. As soon as he stops feeling the tablet around, he´ll le…”
. Our awareness can get into someone else´s issues, and coax them to heal, to move, to restore. Of course, also to tear and die, if that´s our wish- but again, no doctor would do that. Yes, the soul could maybe be placed in an organ, and healing magic deals with organs… But both climatemancers and elementalists deal with air- with wildly different results and methods”
The fire had leaped through the walls, through the ceiling, had started dripping down to the floor with the curling wallpaper and paint. It reached the boiler placed in the middle of the hallway of the second floor, and a sudden explosion could be heard several houses away.
“Oh, no, it´s fine, Castiel… I, I did know about fingerite”, Mary said, still looking very confused, “But... where did you get this?”
Dean took it all awkwardly with one hand, juggling a bit, the other one still on his towel; and looked around in absolute confusion once more. He followed Cas with his eyes as the mage walked out of the marble room, as if he was somewhat lost; but the healer lost sight of him as he closed the panel door.
His brother directed him to the garden, opening for him the glass door that was to Uriel´s right. Cas glimpsed his brooding brother watching them intensely before he was taken out to the peaceful night.
“There´s still venom on your system, but your body seems to be fighting it pretty successfully…”, he continued.
“It´s alright, Dean. Everything´s alright”, Cas said in a steady, calming voice, “You know that sometimes we get spooked by sudden sounds, it comes with the hunting. There´s no shame in it, you know it happens to me too. It was those fireworks, right?”
The mage hurriedly passed the double doors, leaving the antechamber behind, and moved in a half-jog towards his room. Maybe Gabriel would get bored, dismiss everything.
They slowly opened the creaking door with guns drawn, advancing in careful steps and looking in all directions, up included- too many things had jumped on top of them over the years. The old wood whined a bit under their weight, the floor covered in dust. The windows, framed by tattered curtains that hung down helplessly, had been darkened by old grime; so the light of the full moon that passed through the wooden planks that covered them was weak and left everything in a haze of illuminated and shadowed patches. But it was enough to navigate through.
Cas closed his eyes for a moment, his insides a mix of embarrassment, wonder, horror, incredulity, panic...
The Seraphs were the title of the most important generals in Heaven´s Army. They were reduced in number, incredibly powerful, decisive for battle, and a huge awful loss for the whole kingdom.
He jumped on his seat, and the shocked spasm that ran through his muscles made him lose his grip on his beer. The bottle fell to the ground with a dull thud, spilling its contents as Dean sat up, panting.
provide him with said pretty penny- but dammit if it wasn’t a valuable item for hunting. So many times he had faced enemies unprepared because he had chosen the wrong things to take with him- cause too much weight costs energy, speed when fighting, so you gotta choose what you leave behind…
Above him… the sky was completely red, reflecting the fire that for some damned reason did not go outside of the house. He would have let it engulf him willingly. But it wouldn’t. He´d give anything to have died with them... But he hadn´t.
But Cas was not like those abusing asshats. He was probably the most decent noble he had ever come across with. So maybe the part of Dean that longed for some economic release would put price tags on everything his eyes alighted in Castiel’s house, but he wouldn’t touch’em. He had decided that Cas had probably left the bottles with shower juices for him to use, so he used a bit of one last night- but he wasn’t planning on abusing them, and he had slipped his own soap bar into the bathroom sometime the previous afternoon.
“Dean has let me know in the past that I have a tendency of over-explaining things as if I believed humans could not know about the subject. I am sorry if it looked that way”
Dean had his sword, he was standing in a clearing where sunlight shone onto through the trees… and he started to make his sword dance.
Castiel had brilliant earnest blue eyes, of the intense color the sea gets in the brightest mornings. His hair was dark brown, and it usually spiked every which way. He wore rich robes, proper to his status of a noble. He rose his head, a smile still on him.
The Impala´s wheels crunched on the dirt of the path that took to the abandoned house. Even though it was dark, the car´s lights were out, and it moved slowly, not to alert anyone that could be inside the neglected wooden building. The deep purr of the engine died down as Dean took the keys out, and both brothers opened their doors with little squeals.
The thump and the muffled sounds that escaped the fallen man made the black guy rush back into the room, but he was swiftly intercepted by Sam, who immediately trapped him in a neck lock. The younger hunter grunted as the man grabbed his arms and thrashed, trying to scream with his windpipe blocked.
A slush of goo flowed out, dripping to the floor, as a moist thing slithered through, covered in mucus, glinting in the almost darkness. A jaw opened with some cracking sounds, rearranging, falling into place as it opened impossibly wide, fangs extending.
Sam blinked, a protective arm still pushing Kevin to his back, weapon at the ready. The demons… they had widened their eyes, focusing them on the middle distance, as if listening. Sam observed in absolute confusion as one by one, how they turned their heads to the path that opened to his left; how they adopted horrified expressions, their bodies tensing…
“Focus, Cas!”, Dean screamed as he started running, making a circle around the pack, “Five seconds!!”
“Don’t”, asked Cas, looking at him with a slight frown, “Thank you, but… I want to learn as much as I can”
Cas stared wide-eyed for a second. He´d never seen Lucifer display emotions that could be cataloged as weaknesses. But his brother… was afraid. He was coming to him for counsel… because he was afraid about his future.
Sam´s shoulders slumped, defeat on his features. He slowly looked down at his wife, the love of his life… pregnant with a son he´d never met, he couldn´t save. Jessica was gritting her teeth, sobbing, uncontrollable tears falling from her eyes. Cas tightened his arm around her, closing his eyes for a second.
The roar of Baby´s engine, a flash of lust fused with shame, tears down his face, puke on his mouth, his look of disappointment. Uncontrollable anger, Ellen and Jo, the open road, self-hatred, crushing guilt, pink satin, Charlie´s smile.
But after walking up to six bodies, all of them too big and wide even for his giant of a brother; he started to rest a bit more assured. Scavengers had prowled over the place and muddled everything, but he could still see the tell-tale signs of the fight. Dragging of feet, misplaced leaves and earth from a particularly powerful thrust or charge. A circle of scorched earth, courtesy of one of Sammy’s bombs. He scowled as he found some of the leaves stained with red-brown human blood amidst the vegetation marked by black monster fluids.
The Road So Far: The Winchester family is celebrating Mary´s birthday. Everyone is alive, happy, and in a great moment of their lives. Having lived a happy, fulfilling childhood; Dean now usually hunts with his father or Castiel, now that Sam has retired to start a family with Jessica, who is six months pregnant. Castiel, who John has never liked very much (to Dean´s frustration), just revealed the baby will be born a biological male, causing glee all around.
Wondering if some black veins would remain on him, he took his hands to his upper button to have a look… but then stopped and shot a glance at Dean.
“No spying either. Cross my heart”, he finished with half a smile, crossing his chest with a finger.
“I mean, do nobles never die of sickness”, Dean interrupted with an intense look in his eyes, “Like a normal sickness. Like cirrhosis, or pneumonia. Tuberculosis, I don’t know”
the noble’s help- but he fucking wanted it. He could totally go back to searching for Sammy on his own… but ever since Cas had mentioned it, he had wanted the mage around when he found his baby brother. He could be sick, or injured, or poisoned or whatever, and he could poof all the bad away.
He remembered that his fighting instructor had told him that in battle, a ton of things could happen in a handful of seconds- but he had never understood it till now.
There was a lot of bad water under the bridge between peasants and nobles. All the political, social and economical power had a directly proportional relationship with magical power in the Kingdom of Heaven. The country was ruled by a King of tremendous magical power. Beneath him, four mage families acted as barons and controlled different regions under their care: the House of the Mighty, the House of the Righteous, the House of the Fair, and the House of the Blessed. A castle with the shape of a high tower with ample grounds, called Spire, had been built for each House; both as a home and as a center of operations.
The three of them drank and looked at the garden. From afar, Dean saw Sam look at them and widen his eyes, open his mouth in awe, and pat his mum´s arm to get her attention before pointing at them. Dean shot glaring daggers at him, and his brother flinched and looked away before John realized they were being observed. But yeah, he guessed they presented an unprecedented scene. The three of them together, drinking merrily.
was another experience. As soon as the flames touched him he started screaming, but he had prepared for this. He kept his mind focused and, as soon as he hit the floor, dragging Cas above him; he had a leg ready beneath the angel´s chest.
“Fahter”, he answered before gulping down, “Also if a monster comes to eat my ass I won’t have to stop to pick it all up or leave it behind, I can take it with me”
They had decided to stay one more day on the bunker to help Kevin settle down. They had used the unlimited credit card Charlie had made them, that solved their need for more scamming, to buy him a videogame station amongst other things. The kid was still pretty jumpy, and had asked for pills to sleep; but he seemed eager to resume some of the hobbies he had before focusing solely on studying first, then on the prophet deal. Like games and books.
Cas appeared flawlessly beside his bed, but before he opened his eyes the weight of the hunter´s body made him almost fall face-first into him. He tripped with a little yelp, but managed to lower him into the left part of the mattress.
“I mean, why am I even surprised”, Dean groaned angrily, “It´s been days. Things have come around here to munch on the corpses, on the bag. It fucking
“Yes. Rendered useless, as many angels thought. Difficult to get all the chips and chunks, the dust even, I have to say”, he mentioned while turning the tablet around, as if inspecting it… and finding it of acceptable quality.
Dean blinked tiredly, thinking... then his orbs wandered in different directions, connecting dots, and looked up in alarm.
“Like I said, I don’t want you to be uncomfortable", the angel murmured, not looking at him, "I can´t change what I feel, but if you need space…”
. His father´s hand on his shoulder, his smile. His mum´s laughter, her arms around him. Jess, her hand on… fuck, hand on her belly…
“From some creature that will not have died in vain because I already had food available for me”, the mage was answering.
And since waiting wouldn´t make things any easier, he took a deep breath as he steeled himself and he opened the door with all the energy he still had.
When the conflict was over, most of the monsters were pushed outside what in the present were the borders of the kingdom. A new ruler, a better king rose to the throne, establishing the House of the Holy. His name was not mentioned or known, since the power of names was known to every mage. In fact, it was rumored that the reason Fergus Crowley had finally been taken down, was through his True Name; which he had kept known probably simply due to his own ego. Everyone referred to the new king as The Lord, and he changed the name of the kingdom as a promise for the good times that were to come to
Dean frowned as he handed the blade back to his friend. After Sam and Kevin used and closed the portal, if Cas´s wings were fucked up; they were not getting out, even if they ever made it out of the Holy Fire.
“Are you okay?”, the hunter asked, eyes widened in worried astonishment, shifting from him to the fighting creatures.
He had frozen for a second, surprised, their eyes locking upon each other, his hand still on the man ́s arm; until he had spoken.
“But”, he added, grasping his courage, “if… you really… If you´re sure you wanna settle with me. Which is dumb, by the way”, he snorted. He gulped, “Maybe…”
But suddenly he let go of him, and Cas fell back again. When he looked at the hunter, his green eyes were guarded and cold.
He yelped in more surprise than pain as the fallen log caught on his foot, fell right onto his ass, and he knew
“Where´s Cas?”, said Kevin, wondering what kind of brain damage he was in and desperately longing for a full healing.
A very different kind of fear was grasping at Castiel´s heart in that moment. The hunter was facing impossible odds, or incredibly difficult ones at least. What if he didn’t make it? His breathing hitched upon thinking of him, chest pierced from side to side by one of those legs. His body, lying dead on the forest floor.
The hiss of a blade on the air, the thump of something small falling and rolling on the ground. Then something bigger, slumping heavily to the floor.
The slight grunt of discomfort the hunter made as he bent forward to take it called to the mage’s attention. Mind clearer now, he raked his eyes over him- and immediately a wave of alarm ran over his chest.
I´m so, so grateful! I really liked to bring this story to life but I didn´t know if anyone would enjoy reading it. I tried to write it for myself but its so great to see someone gave kudos or bookmarked it so they could come back, or to hear words of encouragement ^^
“No”, he firmly said suddenly, and he passed a hand through his hair, “Can´t wait any longer. He needs me”
“I mean… yeah. Dean´s got a point. We won´t absolutely assume our kid´s gender until they are sure enough to know themselves… but there is a very high chance that it will correlate to their sex…”
He pressed his lips, uncomfortable, as he put some shaving ointment on his cheeks… but as it had happened during the past few days, he could not help noticing the wealthiness around him. He usually measured the value of things in meals. He didn’t really mind sleeping outdoors, winter aside, and many times he could crash for free at the Roadhouse. And he was more than able to get a drink from a cute gal or pal with a smirk, maybe some fun too, so booze wasn’t a problem either. Plus, granted, Ellen spoiled him. But food, he had to pay for- especially when travelling around. One couldn’t survive just outta rabbit and small preys that could hunt with his bare hands. Needed carbs, for energy, for warmth; and according to Sammy at least, veggies and fruit to keep his health.
They both stared at each other for one more second. Then his older brother rolled his eyes, made a frustrated sound, and passed a bit harshly an arm over his shoulders to make him continue walking by his side, towards Castiel´s room.
eyes; uncertainty and guilt making him tense his shoulders up. They must have looked really, really stupid. Somewhere above the clouds, Jack must have been getting some good laughs.
On the other hand, if a new painting was done… he would not be able to see their faces anymore. At least he still had that image of them, that moment of thirteen years ago.
The King of Hell put the tablet in a table that was in front of him… on some kind of supporting object that kept it leveled to Kevin´s eyes. To his horror, he saw him take one of the metal spikes.
“I… do when I´m in dire need of rest”, the angel answered as he looked around, maybe trying to locate a threat.
“No! Just… Shut up, you…!”, Dean snapped, his nerves making him slip into anger, “You fast assuming bastard!”
Sammy´s frown dissolved as any expression was slowly drained from his face, leaving it an empty mask around widened, pained eyes.
Castiel smiled widely despite his weariness. Dean seemed electrified with energy, expression hopeful and relieved, happier than Cas had seen him in the time he had known him.
Despite his fleeting doomed thoughts, he was in a good mood. He knew it was stupid, worrying like that. His brother was a good hunter- a Winchester, dammit! He could take care of himself. But it was so damned odd of him to miss a meeting without a message. He was the one who always made a huge fuss if Dean got there half a day or a day later, whining and saying letters and meeting timepoints were the only way they had to know if the other was okay- no matter how hot Dean told him his date had been! The oldest Winchester had snickered when Sam missed the destinated time of arrival this single time, unable to wait to rub it on his brother’s face.
not leave without them. How had they found out about the portal? Not even they had knew it was possible to create it until they had found the sigil!
The fire had died down to embers. Dawn was a subtle promise on the horizon, so the room was still plagued with lit candles. The smell of woodsmoke competed with the concentrated herbal essences coming out from the still bubbling potions being prepared on the lab table. Castiel took the potions from the burners, placed them at the end of the table to let them rest- they had simmered long enough. He then covered the little flames of fire from the burners with a metal cap to extinguish them.
Dean wobbled at his side, their landing obviously not have been perfect, as Castiel blinked around and registered their surroundings. His heart leaped frantically as he saw the group of giant wolves- possibly the same pack from the other day- shaking their heads and trying to reorient themselves. He made a worried sound on his throat- they were
They stopped after a few steps on a big hall that led to a staircase on their right, and to a wide room to their left that had a cobweb-covered fireplace at its farthest end. A living room of sorts.
“I once used a demon to cross through”, he said opening his eyes again, “I pushed her and used her as a bridge”, Cas looked around, “But the hellhounds combust as soon as they touch the flames. Cause of their fur”
Cas´s eyes got a bit wide at the sight, and he took the bottle with careful movements, as if he was being handed the Holy Grail. Dean would have burst out laughing it that hadn´t ruined everything.
“H-here”, he stammered, making a gesture towards the sheet of glass, “You c-can shower here more comfortably”
The weak protest inside Castiel died at that, and he closed his eyes as he sighed, his shoulders slouching, his head tilting up to the sky. Time to stop fighting forward. It was enough for one day.
The angel took two steps back, face contorted in pain, in surprise; as his right hand finished melting horridly, skin melted like wax, all black and red, like some piece of meat that falls down the barbecue. He pressed the damaged limb to his chest, shaking in agony, as he looked at the flames again.
He snapped his head back to see Kevin and then Sam cross the corner and suddenly stop, eyes and mouth gaping at the wall of fire.
Suddenly, telling him who he was felt like small potatoes. He did not want him to believe he was some kind of monster in need of slaying. Or that he would leave in mid-treatment through a vandalized window as soon as he teleported out because he did not feel safe there.
Dean made Cas run for some more minutes before reducing the pace. Not out of mercy, however. The terrain started changing.
Careful not to make noise, he took the covers away and swung his legs over the side of the bed. He darted a look toward the clothes he’d left on the floor and after a second, chose to take them to the bathroom with him instead of dressing right there. The last thing he wanted to do was to flash Cas again as he woke up with some traumatizing vision of a half-naked him as the cherry on top of it all.
“Oh, it really wasn´t”, said the angel shaking his head, “See, it´s expensive because it´s very difficult to find, and dangerous to acquire. It only forms under very determined circumstances, in the slopes of active volcano mountains, and it dissolves with rain. So in the few places where it does grow, it disappears quickly if the climate is adverse. And there are no many people eager to go fetch it to the volcanoes… I´m sorry”, he quickly added, frowning, “You probably know this already if you are a mineral enthusiast. It is not my intention to…”, he looked over to Dean as if trying to remember a word, “… angelsplain”
“I… I mean it”, he said awkwardly, “I don’t apologize easily so if I do it- believe it. I like ya, Cas. You’re good people, you’ve helped me a lot, and I really want to help you too. You deserve it, man. I ain’t no liar. Said I would help you too. That hasn’t changed, either”
He looked back at Dean with a small smile, a bit more confident- and much more present, the hunter realized.
Castiels eyes widened at that, his glance melting a bit, before he lowered his gaze to the floor. He had flushed a little bit. Dean shook his head with half a smile. He was even adorable sometimes.
But the other monster had not stopped moving. It had immediately run around its partner- and it now charged against Dean, against the other creature.
me to stare back, you know? And-and the personal space, and you… were always… I always knew there was something
He was struggling with a scrawny kid, probably in his twenties, blocking his windpipe in a headlock as he saw his brother duke a guy on the face so sharply that he tumbled down. They were on the second floor, in the hallways that led to different rooms. The space opened down into the living room, wooden railing surrounding the hallways. Sam looked at him as if asking if he needed help, he shook his head as the kid´s trashing became erratic and halted, and soon he let him slide to the floor. All silent, all perfect.
The fire cage had seemed to have contained around eight demons- now only six alive- but now he could also see the seven hellhounds. It was fucking crowded in there. One of the pooches went to the ground, but as Cas retrieved his blade, another jumped at his back and… chomped on mid-air. The angel threw his head back in a roar of pain, as two huge black wings suddenly flicked in and out of existence, appearing as the hound shook violently his head to tear and rip.
Castiel smiled so widely at that. Dean´s eyes just shifted between the angel´s and his mother´s smiles, drinking eagerly from each image, his chest filled with light, a moronic smile on his own lips.
“I can see in the dark, Dean, through life magic. I can push enemies aside with waves of kinetic energy. I can handle my own blade. I can heal any wound you get, Dean. I can heal Sam, if we find him wounded. Even if he´s fatally wounded, I can
“I honestly don´t know, but… maybe a message? Maybe a location of where he is? Or what exactly he wants us to do…”
“Dean, no, please”, the angel interrupted him, worry in his eyes, “It´s okay. I never needed reciprocity from you…”
“This one is based on manticore´s pheromones, which are hibernating right now”, Cas explained, “For the spring we would have to use another mix, but for today it will be fine”
The mage poured more alcohol on the slashes, and caught a rivulet that ran through his midsection towards the bed with a movement that cleaned his waist and part of his hip. His pants were still on, since his magical injury assessment had revealed to him that he was only hurt on his upper body. He wiped the excess alcohol from the wounds in cautious little taps, his breath held, trying so hard not to disturb his rest. When he finished, he let it out in a satisfied sigh as he made a small smile, looking up at the face of his peacefully sleeping patient.
This was written to this extended version of Inside the Tam´s House from Firefly OST- it´s my "we are rich" go-to music (xD):  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZtOlHoYhtA&t=29s
“And your house”, added Sam smiling at Kevin, “For as long as you want and need”, he turned to Cas, “Yours too”
A tall man with graceful features and a square jaw stood in front of him. He´d served his family for years. The mage gave him a small smile.
Cas took another deep breath. His mind raced, trying to think if he could be forgetting something, anything they might need. He went over the list of monsters he knew were most common on the Wyvernon Forest from his mental bestiary one last time. But finally, he pressed his lips. They had potions, Dean´s expertise, his magic, a plan. There was no more preparation he could make.
Michael started walking in her wake, then all the rest of them in a cascade practiced over the years.
“You take that side, I’m on this one”, he pointed at the other end of the clearing as his eyes traveled through the ground.
“I do. I… There are… some tests I have to pass”, Castiel tried to explain, “Not only knowledge, but also performance. And as you saw, my first performance with the wolves left… lots of room for improvement”
Part 4, final part- Oh you dont think Im gonna tell you what triggers this, do you?? xD Clue: it's a BIG THING.
Cas drank a bit and started scratching the nail of his thumb against the glass rim, not looking up. He kept to himself that Zachariah had been nine, maybe ten at the time. He did not expect Dean to understand that mages, especially the ones on the more powerful side of the gradient, could be considered mortal threats by seven. He was pretty sure his teachers labeled Lucifer as “mortally dangerous” when he was five. Magic was not a force to be underestimated.
Cas took a deep breath, managing to stop the trembling. Then he looked to the side, examining the hunter. He looked… done, almost bent over himself. Beads of sweat pearled his forehead. He did not understand how he could have killed that thing while still being sick. He shot a glance to his bandages… and slightly grunted in frustration.
It slipped through his fingers as something munched on his leg and dragged him through the forest floor.
“You come here”, he said tilting his head up, pure acid on his voice, “to tell me how to live my life? Are you really
ringing on his ears; but his moan transformed into a scream as the beast bit his arms again. He felt terribly weak, sick; an icy horrible sensation climbing from his heart, through his chest, to his neck.
He was panting uncontrollably on the ground, his nose screaming at him in agony, his ankle being tugged at. He looked down and suddenly understood the slow drag of earth and vegetation beneath him. He yelped and sat up to grab the vine and slash it with his angel blade.
The mage nodded and sat on the bed beside him, and took two fingers to his temple, sending his awareness inside the hunter´s body.
When they got to the kitchen, Kevin was already there, munching on a bacon strip. Dean smiled at him with both cheeks full.
Dean stood too as the blue orbs flicked around, lost in the distance, as Cas tried to find something with his angelic senses.
Castiel looked up and to one side, thinking for a second as he started munching on one of those sugary pastries.
“But… royal healers are posted in every population that’s big enough”, Cas protested with a confused frown, “Or close to several small populations”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up right before he burst out with a laugh. Cas couldn’t help but smile a bit as he lowered his eyes and kept on eating.
He was willing to bet coin to doughnuts that it had something to do with running away from the wife-to-be. Maybe if he got into the Army he could get away from her forever? He had no idea. Or maybe he could find his father.
Cas snapped his eyes up to Uriel, who was looking at him and the note he had already folded… and who was getting the attention of his whole family towards him with his question.
At which point that would happen, it was very unclear. Right now, both Lucifer and Michael were thirty-five; which was a very acceptable age to get married and continue a bloodline amongst the nobility, whose life expectancy was over a hundred years old. It was odd to Castiel that it hadn´t been fixed already- and he believed it was problematic, too. All these years Michael and Lucifer had remained civil, polite; maybe Lucifer was a bit teasing and Michael a bit disapproving. But deep down, Castiel knew it damaged their relationship, that they considered each other eternal rivals… and them looking for allies in several moments had caused all the brothers to drift apart a bit from each other.
“Sam´s trail was close to the bluestone, but it was heading north”, Dean informed, “So I´m guessing our best shot is the north nest”
“I mean… there’s not really any place we can go together”, he finally said with a wince, “No one should know you are here”
“Even after defeating the biggest power that´s ever existed, you still believe you didn’t do enough. That is… so you”, he smiled fondly.
He grunted and shook his head, his eyes roaming the darkness of the abandoned house. His brother had been cornered, he was surrounded. Dean gritted his teeth and wobbly walked one, two steps, three; he got to one of the raged victims and turned it towards him to punch it in the face.
The grass that had been empty not five minutes ago had long picnic tables set, filled with food and drinks, there were balloons everywhere…. and everyone they loved, all their family, was there.
The flames started to dwindle, Cas gulped. They varied in color, from yellow, to orange, to some small blue tongues among some red ones. Big ones, small ones, they moved around in a wild dance- as if searching. It seemed for a moment that they were seven of them.
And they immediately moved through the room, in tense steps, in silence. Each of them fell into their places in a dance they knew so well, they had danced so many times, that as usual they finished in unison. They stayed in a line, from oldest to youngest. Michael, Lucifer, Gabriel, Uriel, Castiel, Samandriel. All of them with a perfect posture, eyes locked upfront.
“How dare you”, he said, voice rasping, “How dare you try and do that to me and Sam. You don’t get to decide that, Cas. We´ve lost too many already. You dick”
The mage sighed, sitting back again. He supposed it wasn´t good that the antidote was delayed even more, but it was probably more important that Dean had his doubts solved.
I´m really happy with how this chapter ended up ^^. Also very important bits of worldbuilding here!!
Dean, who had been staring at the ceiling for a moment, turned on the bed towards him, head held up by a prepped elbow. His complicit smile showed his approval towards him for following along in the game.
“I´ve been thinking… Everyone always had those… jokes. Calling us… you know. That you were my boyfriend and that shit”, he thought of Meg, “That you were in love with me”, he thought of Balthazar, “All of those. And… I feel like an idiot, man. Maybe it was always there, and everyone saw it, but… not me. I guess it comes from my dad, you know. He always mocked gays. I did too, for some time. Later I met some people and, I don’t know, I realized it wasn’t that bad. But I never thought anyone close to me… Not that I´m saying there´s something bad”, he interrupted himself quickly, “There´s not. I just, never kept it in mind… as a real possibility. For anyone. Close. You know?”
This one is a little bit long, cause I really wanted to wrap up this little part of the story but didn´t want to rush it too much? But I hope you enjoy it ^^ If you wanna make my day, leave me a comment! Thanks to whoever reads this, even if its silently! :D
They had finished eating and had left the tray on the floor outside of the room- only two goblets and a big bottle between them. Dean was sprawling in the chair, not sitting straight on it for even a minute, tilting it towards the wall sometimes; while Castiel sat on the bed.
Castiel blinked. Was that…? His brow furrowed, trying to understand. Wondering. But… it was. It… it really was, he realized as his eyes widened.
And he didn’t know how, but in that moment everything making perfect sense, he suddenly could see what was happening upstairs.
“No”, Cas answered sternly before taking a determined last gulp and handing the water back to the hunter, “I need this, Dean”
Their joined birth had resulted in two incredibly strong magical talents with basically the same level of power; which was good for the House reputation, and good for the kingdom, always in need of strong warriors. However, it also posed a problem for heritage. Traditionally, the Morningstar would be the one to lead the house after the father stepped out from those responsibilities, or after he passed away. Their parents had let them all know many years ago that which of them would be considered Morningstar would be decided when they got older, and that until that point, none of them were. Their mother ruled the House for the moment.
; and before the noble could understand that what he had initially seen was just the tip of something closed; flowers with their red petals curved forward, the cavity made by them big enough to contain a full-grown man, were fully displayed, viscous fluids dripping from their sides. The forest floor steamed when a drop of mucus hit the fallen dead leaves.
He panted for a moment, breath ragged. He looked down. His whole torso was ripped apart in vicious vertical lines. Rivers of blood soared from his gaping wounds to his legs. His arm was trembling violently when he clutched it around his midsection.
The other one was fine, constant, orange- but the flicky one was acting like crazy. Going blue, going small, going orange and tall again, going back into blue; before they both died down.
As he was munching through the corridors, something nagged on his mind, and he stopped to look over his shoulder.
The mage nodded before plumping what was left of the pastry into his mouth and cleaning the sugar from his fingers with a white napkin that he quickly put away.
The angel´s stance of detached calm shattered as he widened his eyes and looked away, flustered. He even started fidgeting, for goddamn´s sake.
Sam pressed his lips, looking around. A girl charged towards him and he dodged her easily, then flew down the stairs; a bunch of people and a monster on his heels.
Castiel smiled slightly at the shared memories as he folded neatly the piece of cloth around the small leftovers and rummaged in his bag in search for his little baked dessert. In a flash of insight, Dean frowned.
“Are you sure there´s nothing we can do to help you with that?”, Dean said softly, pointing at it with a bob of his head.
“Okay. I´ll go first. Hi”, the hunter enunciated as he opened theatrically his hands, a charming smile to his lips, “My name is Dean Winchester. I´m twenty-nine, I´m an Aquarius. I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach and frisky men and women”
The mage closed his eyes and gave out a deep sigh. That… was a recurrent one, although it had been some time since he had last had it. He was finally in the present, though- the hunter, the wolf, the Corruption.
He made a relieved sound as his nose immediately healed, and he started walking backwards, blade held up, looking at the mess he´d made.
The hunter kept his back to him for a moment. Cas felt it correct to give him a second to compose himself, and his eyes wandered over the cauldron again.
Castiel sent his awareness through his hand into Dean´s lifeforce stream. He had realized over the night that it was probably best if Dean did not know he could do magic, so he veiled his actions with the physical exploration.
That made Castiel smile a bit. They stayed in silence for a second, awkwardly. The mage still looked very ashamed.
. For protection, the most basic of things. This was just… extra ornamentation on a daily object, completely unnecessary. He knew that if someone melted that down, they could maybe make at least two silver-coated throwing knives.
“I have no idea how you can notice those things”, the mage sighed behind him, “Even when you point it out, it’s so difficult to see”
“Yes. He wanted to know things about… souls. Ugh, and I thought he was seeking comfort…”, Cas felt like a complete idiot.
“I appreciate what you’re trying to say”, the mage said with a pained smile, “But could we just… not talk about this ever again?”
“You need to sleep, and replenish your strength. Please, will you not reopen your wounds and waste all the work I did on you?”, the mage said raising his eyebrows, looking pointedly at him as if he were a child.
“Yeah, right. But hey, Metatron got super powerful with the tablet. Cas, maybe we can get you a power-up too. Would that help with your damaged Grace?”
“Because... without an antidote you will probably die?”, he answered slowly as he got to his feet. He probably wasn ́t fully awake yet.
Dean and Cas must have been connected somehow, because both of their mouths opened slightly upon the realization of… where this was going.
And as they lowered their hands, the servants stepped forward to take the round lids of the covered silver trays placed amongst opulent silverware and lit candles. A mix of different smells filled the air as steam rose at the movement, and the different waiters started serving portions into each commensal´s plates, wine in their goblets. No one moved until they stepped back and Naomi took the silverware in her hands. Then all mages relaxed slightly and each of them started to taste the food, cutlery clicking.
The hunter´s gaze paused on the lab table, looking at the burners. Healing potions… were expensive, very expensive.
. Sorta”, he added in a grunt, “Managed to get rid of two things- in my book that counts as fighting. Even if you didn’t wield a blade for two fucking seconds”
So he put on some sweatpants and got out of his room while still pulling a cotton T-shirt through his head.
. Blind with rage and without combat training of any kind, most probably. As long as they don´t swarm us, we´re good. And there´s plenty of places to hide in a house like this”
Crowley was defeated shortly after The End, but his final strike hit very hard on the people of the kingdom. And at the end of the five-year conflict, the country’s population had lowered to a third of its original amount.
His smile froze on his face under his loving and compassionate gaze. He gulped and looked down. One of the reasons he had feared Jack wouldn’t cooperate… was, simply, that he had not brought him back himself already. After all, he had his own totally valid reasons for wanting him back, and he had the power.
But I got stuck on that one, I went to reread this one... and realized how much I missed it and how many things I had planned for it! And BOOM suddenly I´ve spent 6 hours writing nonstop and this chapter appeared. Woohoo! I´m super happy!
The hunter was mostly clean- as clean as one partly wiped could be-, his wounds treated, and he was profoundly asleep. Castiel took the sheets and covered him with them, a proud smile to his lips, considering his task finished for the moment.
Roots hit his knees and chest as he went, fern leaves slapping on his back; as he grunted, as he tried to grab onto something. The tugging, inciting presence he had sensed earlier just grew and grew. Whatever it was holding him slid up his leg and reached for his other one, joining them in a death grip- and in a tussle Castiel was able to turn up.
“Um, Dean…”, he turned to him with uncertain eyes, “What… would you like for breakfast?”, he asked shyly.
in there. Dean had never been small, and it was a fucking pain to have his shoulders trapped between the wall of the thing and his non-stopping squirming sibling. His giant thing of a brother had to bend his head to one side to fit, and was obviously even more uncomfortable than him.
He gulped, breath rasping, the knot on his throat almost so painful it made him forget about his shattered kneecap. He felt the furious heat of tears on his eyes, unstoppable, and he grimaced and looked away, over his shoulder, away from his brother, sniffing.
Dean started and took a lateral step, blinking quickly, apparently disoriented by the sudden lack of alcohol in his system.
He cursed himself as he kept looking around. Had he lowered his guard with the talking? Had he stopped looking around? He didn’t think so. Shit, that false alarm earlier… might not have been that false.
The mage was silent after that. Dean sternly ignored the twist on his guts upon realizing the similarity of his situation. He definitely didn’t allow his mind to wander towards the idea of him not finding his brother, but neither his corpse, and always wondering what…
He was covered in black blood and grime, except where trails of sweat had cleaned them down from his skin. His face was set in a pained but smiling expression, teeth bared defiantly against his enemy. He roared and charged, and delivered a savage blow with his longsword to the chest of the monster. The monster stepped back, and somehow that six-foot-tall man tackled the huge beast when it was trying to regain its balance and made it fall to the ground. Towering over him, he raised his black steel.
mental list. Then he focused on how ravenous he felt, and left the cloth on one side to open his little bag.
“I don’t think there’s much a difference between what people call monsters and other living creatures, aside from their power. They are all animals- but simply, magical creatures have absorbed- or they produce, no one really knows- a lot of magical energy. It’s like… peasants and nobles, I guess”
The angel closed his eyes for a second, exhaling through his nose with annoyance, obviously frustrated that the conversation had taken that turn. His left hand still lingered on his apparently healthy elbow.
The mage started pouring some black liquid into the little cauldron, picking things up from shelves to pluck them inside, all the while he checked a list on a piece of parchment.
And then Dean gasped violently as his whole body started to shake. His brain snapped in two and he screamed in pain, and his sound redoubled as he started feeling the horrible cries of help his body was sending him, his knee the most painful. He slumped against the floor.
The worst looking thing… were his eyes. Hooded. Strained. Hopeless. He was exhausted. Dean knew him. And he knew he was on his last legs.
“You don’t know what you’re doing?”, the hunter couldn’t help but ask in alarm, blinking in shock and really not liking the notion.
my help with”, Gabriel answered with a slightly annoyed tone, “Made all kinds of promises, too. Said it entailed research- maybe she´s asked them for a groundbreaking scientific breakthrough or something”
“Playing decoy”, said Dean from somewhere behind him, “So we are on a timer here. He can´t face Crowley either. Chop, chop, Sam!”
I hope that prayer made it clear that The Lord and God are different entities? The Lord is, basically, the king of the Kingdom of Heaven :) Religion is a complicated matter here, I will explain more later xD
“It´s a mix of predator pheromones that keeps little creatures away. I… thought it would be useful. Since we are not actually hunting monsters, but our objective is to find Sam… it seemed efficient to have as little meaningless encounters as possible”
Memories started to come back to him. He really hadn’t been that far away from the brothers. He was in like his third or fourth time out of the boat or bunker. The park had a lake, and was full of people. Dean was buying some hot dogs at a stand while Castiel looked around like the guardian angel he was. Kevin had been looking out at the lake, with Sam close by, chatting with a girl with a dog. At that point, he really had started to enjoy being out, feeling free… Maybe even safe.
Anyway :) I will leave you with Dean´s dreamy world, his sweet dream AND beautiful nightmare... Enjoy!
They were… people. Slumping on the floor, sitting alongside walls, curled around themselves fetal positions over the old moldy carpet. Most had their eyes open, heavily hooded. Dean tried to make a quick count, he got more than twenty. One was moving his lips, as if he was talking, but made no sound.
Cas looked at him lost for a second. Dean raised his eyebrows as he pointed to his partially exposed chest. The noble immediately froze as a light blush got to his cheeks, and he looked away.
He didn´t know what to expect. The kid had been adamant about that he would not be available for beers or chats or whatever. Would he show? Or what was he supposed to do, talk to himself and hoped he´d listen? This was a new God, all about two days old- and he had no previous experience at all on praying to him. He´d never been a big prayer, anyway. He took a deep breath and sighed.
“Says to combine everything. The Echidna from the myth goth her head was severed, so… we cut her head with a blade bathed in lamb´s blood”
The angel was looking at the table, a slight frown on his face. But then he exhaled and forced a smile towards Kevin.
He was opening it to have a look at the message from the forest rangers when he almost bumped into someone.
“Yeah, but this is one of those situations in which you´re cooler if you act as if it was nothing important”
“And I… am… sorry”, he powered through, his voice shaking a bit, “that… I-I can´t say it back. You deserve…”
“… Sure”, he said, guarded and frowning, as if wondering what would come next but already deciding he might not like it.
“Yep. There are bound to be monsters, and I don’t have my sword”, he said, raising his eyebrows and tilting his head with an ironic smile, “Not a good combination in my book”
“We´ve lost a lot of people along the way, and… I know we can´t get them all back. It would screw all kinds of things up. I see that. But… But he was different. Without him, I would have never survived Death. In a way, that makes him… a part of the victory?”, he knew his reasoning was thin, “Maybe? Like, cause I was a part of it? And it´s not like I´m saying, since Sam and I saved the world again we deserve a medal or some special treatment, but just…”
Dean inspected their surroundings for a long moment before hurrying Cas with a gesture of his arm to cross the stream. It didn’t reach their ankles, so they just walked through.
He covered his ripped ankle with his hand for a few seconds. When he took it back, it was perfectly mended. Dean rose his eyebrows and made half a smile in Cas´s direction.
