“Sir, sir!” Steve ignored the young cleric that was right on his heels as he stormed towards Cardinal Stark’s private chambers. “His Grace isn’t prepared for visitors-”
“That’s what you’re going to do now? Drink?” Steve said in disbelief. Despite his anger and dismay, he still reached out and steadied Tony when he started to list to one side, hands gentle.
“Steve.” Tony’s voice reached him as he was almost to the door. “This isn’t a no, just…Come to me when all this is done and maybe I’ll believe you.”
“We can't bring you with us,” Tony warned the men as the gate swung open silently, well oiled. "We don't have the horses for you all. I’ll point the way to the stables and we’re opening the gate to escape, but the rest is up to you. God be with you.” The men nodded their understanding and then the whole procession was heading up the stairs, blowing out the candles as they left the pitch darkness of the lower floors.
“Thank you,” Steve said, rising as well.  His words felt inadequate in the face of this disaster, nor could they truly express the relief he felt when he realized that though he was spinning like a compass without true north, Stark somehow knew exactly what to do.
“He shouldn’t be expecting you – I’ve been having your men laying false trails up and down the coast. Hopefully he’ll be complacent; after all, no one suspects that he may have been making a play for the relics.”
Steve’s eyes traveled over Tony’s face, the dark eyes, straight nose and thin, mobile mouth that he’d just kissed, framed by the goatee. Tony’s jaw was dark with stubble, and Steve wanted to put his mouth there, too, feel the roughness on his lips. His gaze followed the line of Tony’s neck, gleaming in the firelight, to where the hollow of his throat was visible above the loosened laces of his shirt. Tony’s thighs were hard under Steve’s hands, and he squeezed them, drawing another sound from deep in Tony’s chest. He wanted everything, things that he couldn’t put into words. Tony’s mouth, his hands. His body. The clever mind, the soft heart, the biting wit. “You,” he said finally. “I want you.”
Tony grunted in acknowledgement. “I’ll send a message to Sister Natasha, then, and make sure they arrived.”
“That’s what I concluded as well,” she said.  “I already have a few replacements in mind if you like.”
“Forgive me, Your Grace, for disturbing you so late at night,” Steve said, swallowing thickly as Stark answered the door, features limned by the candle in his hand as silver streamed in from the narrow windows. “But I am in desperate need of absolution.” As he spoke, Steve feared, as he always did, that today would be the day that Stark would send him away but as ever, Stark just dipped his head and stepped back to allow Steve to step inside.
“Absolutely fantastic,” Tony said. “I haven’t felt this good since I was a much younger man. What did you do?”
But Tony never came. Steve told himself that Tony would come for dinner, but nurses came and went with dinner and another tisane for Bucky and he never showed. Then he figured that Tony would come after dark, when the servants settled in to sleep, but the door stayed closed. Finally as the moon rose, Steve got tired of waiting. As beams of silver crawled in through the infirmary’s narrow windows, he slipped out of the room and searched for Tony. He wasn’t in the study, though the coals from the fire there were still warm. The master bedroom was cold and empty, but when he went up another floor he finally found a door with a faint line of light coming from underneath.
“Good, good. Don’t know why I thought it might be a problem. It’s not like we haven’t both taken vows of chastity.”
Without any further protest Steve climbed into the secret compartment, wedging his shoulders in the tiny space as best he could. Thomas replaced the panel and then Steve heard and felt him climb back into the wagon. With a rattle of the reins, the wagon jerked into motion, rattling over cobblestones and moving in fits and starts as Thomas navigated Parisian traffic.  He tensed when he heard guards order the wagon to halt and searched the back, but Thomas must have been an experienced smuggler because he seemed unfazed, trading gossip and commiserating with the guards as he waited for permission to leave the city walls.  Then he had to stay in the wagon for what felt like an interminable period after they left the noise of the city before the wagon pulled to the side of the road and the panel fell away again.  Thomas helped Steve climb out, waiting patiently for him to stretch out and massage life back into his cramping limbs.
Tony tried not to tense and glanced at the road to make sure Steve wasn't close by. Tony didn’t like the idea of Steve knowing any more than he already did about his work as the Iron Cardinal; Steve already thought Tony was unsavory enough without knowing about the spying and the illicit trade network. “I have, actually. Where did you hear that name?”
“Just a group of like-minded individuals,” Stane said dismissively. He got up for the decanter of wine, refilling his own glass and topping up Tony’s.
Stark stood and started to pace around the tiny cell. “Well, I can see that you’ve certainly thought this out,” he said sarcastically. “Must be that keen military mind of yours to come up with such a thrilling strategy.”
“Well, word is that he spent a lot of time suggesting that perhaps the Templars’ relics really ought to belong to the King. Perhaps even suggested how the King could get his hands on them and rid himself of some crippling debts in the process.”
Steve looked at Tony in disbelief. Tony was studiously looking at his eel pie, but his ears were a bright red while Natasha was tapping her toes to the song, grinning widely.
“No,” the man said, waving Steve away. “Not injured, just winded. One of those bastards got a lucky punch to my gut just before you showed up." He wiped his hand on his pants and held it out for Steve to shake. "My name is Hassam, but you may call me Sam. And you are?”
“Not important right now,” Stark said shortly.  “Look. The king is looking for the relics and the wealth that your friend spirited away from the Templar Keep and, thanks to the confessions of the knights already in his dungeons, knows that your friend is the only one who knows where it is.”
He was so lost in thought he didn’t see Natasha’s eyebrows go up when he said ‘Steve.’ “That’s what they’re saying,” she said slowly. “We’ve been passing around a likeness from Rodgers’ sketchbook and got a few positive identifications. Also, here are the reports from Sister Virginia, on your legal businesses, here’s the report from Brother Scott on your illegal businesses, and a letter from Captain Rhodes.” As Tony skimmed through the sheaf of papers she’d handed him, Sister Natasha swung her legs, looking like a young girl. “So, you going to tell me more about what’s going on with you and
Steve managed to get sleep in restless fits and starts, finally waking at dawn to see Tony harnessing their horse and Sam praying in the corner of the clearing. Feeling stiff after an unsatisfying night’s sleep, Steve stretched and went to the stream behind the clearing to wash his face, raking his fingers through his hair and trying to clear his head. He dried his face with the sleeve of his robe and returned to camp as Tony was kicking dirt over the fire to put it out. Sam was stowing his prayer mat in his wagon and Tony was just starting to lead their horse to the road when Sam stopped them.
"I wonder what Stark's story is," Bucky mused as they made their way home from the Cardinal's dinner party, winding through the dark and quiet streets of Paris.
“We were riding in the woods and Howard’s horse refused a jump, shying at the last minute. Howard was thrown and was killed in the fall.” He spread his hands, eyes sad. “He died instantly.”
“Good morning, Cardinal Stark,” Bucky said when he was finished, eyeing Tony’s muted clothing. He looked neither like a cardinal nor a member of the peerage today, wearing plain if well-spun clothing and carrying a tray of food like a common footman.
The next morning, the same artist that had been sent to make Steve look half dead was just finishing up Tony’s own face paint, trying to make him look less ill, when there was a knock on the door.
“Is that why you do what you do? Are you fiddling while Rome burns?” Steve shoved his chair away from the table and stood, gesturing to Stark’s opulent apartment. “Here, with your wine and your fine linen sheets and the bed with an ever-rotating rondel of people in it?”
“I was just trying to give them a leg up in life,” Tony said.  “You know, swearing is a highly respected skill-”
“He’s sleeping soundly now,” Ana announced, startling the chickens. “His injuries are numerous and severe, but the infection had not progressed very far and that is always the most dangerous. You may see him now, if you want,” she added, and Steve was on his feet before she finished talking.
“I’ve already sent a pigeon to Paris,” Tony said soothingly. “We will know in a few hours, I promise. What can you tell me about them?”
“No,” Steve said finally.  “Oaths aren’t meaningless.  Like faith, and hope, and love, they have as much meaning as you give them.”
“There was…” Tony’s voice failed him and he stopped, jaw working. Light glittered on unshed tears in his eyes as he stared fiercely into the fire. “When I ran away from home with my lover, we hid in what I thought was an abandoned church. A priest found us in the morning, lying together behind the nave, cold and hungry. I thought he was going to turn us in to my father, but instead he fed us and saw us on our way. When I asked why, that’s what he told me. Even after…everything, I never forgot that.”
“Are you sure? We still have plenty of daylight left.” Plenty was probably overstating it, but Steve was strangely reluctant to be around other people right now. Tony was already smiling and greeting the locals, and it made Steve even more reluctant to stop.
Tony stared incredulously at Steve’s back as he jogged down the road towards the sound of shouting and ring of weapons. “Sure, I’ll just twiddle my thumbs while I wait,” he called out sarcastically. He climbed down and led the horse off the road, tying it to tree branch to keep it from wandering off, and pulled out Steve’s sword and one of his own. He jogged to catch up with Steve but when he cleared the copse of trees to see the fight, he lowered the swords in surprise.
With a frown, Steve’s pencil stilled as he realized that he had sketched a child sleeping on a man’s shoulder, thumb tucked into its mouth.  Aggravated at his own thoughts, he colored in a goatee on the child to match Stark’s pretentious facial hair and slammed the book closed.
“Ana and Edwin were my family’s butler and housekeeper when I was growing up,” Tony explained. “They practically raised me. When they retired, I built them this home.”
“The mendicants in the cart are to be quarantined,” he interrupted brusquely. “Give them a bed then leave them alone. I will deal with them later.” When the steward nodded and turned to leave, Tony held his breath to see if Stane would say anything, but the man just continued down the hall. Even if he’d heard what the steward had said, the lives of two nobodies meant less than nothing to him - a trait he’d shared with Tony’s father, who had always been aggravated with what he’d called Tony’s soft heart. Tony sent a fervent prayer skyward that Stane’s arrogance would keep him blind to the fact that his prize was right under his nose, and another one that Steve would, for once, stay put and not draw attention to himself.
Steve shrugged. “Bucky was training to be a knight, and my mentor suggested perhaps that God had given me this body for a reason. So I asked to be trained as well and then we both decided to join the Templars.” Speaking of Bucky suddenly reminded him of why he was out here sleeping under the stars rather than in his bed at the Temple and his mood plummeted. “What about you?” he asked, trying to take his mind off his worry for Bucky. “Why did you decide to join the Church?”
“And what do you want with them? A bunch of dusty old artifacts, probably fakes no older than the Kingdom of France itself?”
“He will live if the infection does not worsen,” she said after a moment of hesitation. “But the damage to his hands and feet…they are difficult bones to set properly.”
He thought about going after Rodgers to find out, but he didn’t feel like dealing with whatever had the touchy knight in a snit after the otherwise pleasant day they’d had. “For Christ’s sake,” he muttered under his breath as he shed his monk’s robe and slid between the sheets. “Don’t know what sleeping in my braes has to do with vows of celibacy, it’s not like I was propositioning-Holy Mother of God,” he breathed, sitting up straight in bed when he finally realized why Steve was angry. “Sister Natasha was right.” He blinked into the darkness and fell back against the pillows with a groan. “Shit. She is never going to let me live this down.”
“When I was younger, I wanted to be a scientist. I even went to the university in Paris for a short while before I joined the church.” There was an odd note in Tony’s voice, and when Steve looked over, he saw Tony shake his head once, sharply, as if trying to dismiss his thoughts, before he turned his head to see Steve looking at him. “What about you? Did you always want to be a Templar?”
Tony wanted to glare, but he tucked it down and smiled at the group, reaching his good arm up to accept Pepper’s teary hug.
“I will be right outside. Try to rest,” she said, “Perhaps feed the little one again. Distract yourself and let us take care of this.”
If Steve had any complaints, he did not voice them; instead, he grabbed their cloaks from the closet and upon noticing the dreaded garment that Tony had purposefully left, picked it up and held it out to him.
“What? It’s okay if you haven’t dropped yet,” Tony whispered, wanting to reach out and pat Steve’s shoulder, “I’m just really early. It’ll happen eventually, I promise.”
“You can sleep if you want, we’ve got you,” Steve murmured under his breath, just to Tony, “We’ll be here when you wake up.”
Tony leaned forward without question and wrapped his lips around Steve’s nipple and sucked, letting the warm milk wash down his throat. There was a thought about how strange the situation was, but Steve was genuinely hurting, so Tony pushed it aside. He licked and suckled at his nipple until Steve cupped the other one, so he moved to suckle it, too. Steve’s hand moved to the back of his head to hold him there, forcing him to tease his undoubtedly sore nipple until Steve let him go. Pulling back, Tony licked his lips, grinning when Steve went cross-eyed and tucked his face into Tony’s neck.
Tony helped PJ off the bed and pointed at a door on the back wall, walking over with the boy to show him. Turning on the light, Tony smiled, crouching down to PJ’s level.
He yawned softly and snuggled down under his blanket, reaching out to grab Tony’s hand. Baffled by the admission, Tony stared at their hands again, feeling emotion well up behind his eyes and threaten to spill over. To keep himself from crying, he ducked his face into Mr. Rabbit’s fur, squeezing Steve’s hand back.
With a new smile, Tony nodded, pressing his forehead against Steve’s sternum before pulling away completely.
The Prime only grunted in response and began to kiss all over his neck, stopping over the bondmark to give it more attention. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes, resigning himself to his fate when a multitude of footsteps came running from down the hall.
“Because of the power of the artifacts?” Steve asked with confusion. Among the artifacts was a sliver of the True Cross, some of Saint Peters’ bones, the Holy Spear, and a cup that was allegedly the grail that Jesus drank from at the Last Supper; it was rumored that these artifacts had miraculous powers, which was why the Templars always kept them under lock and key, lest they fall into the wrong hands.
Steve and Bucky bowed in thanks and moved aside to make room for other guests who were waiting to be announced. “Well, this hardly looks like a den of iniquity,” Bucky said under his breath as they took a glass of wine from the servant. Among other discrete display of Stark’s riches, the room was tastefully appointed with intricate tapestries to keep out the cold and an impressive triptych on the wall displaying scenes from the life of Christ. “As orgy rooms go, I’m fairly disappointed.”
“In pain,” Bucky said honestly, accepting piece of apple from Steve and holding it clumsily with his bandaged hands. “Scared. Pissed off.”
“Yes,” Steve gasped. “Oh, God, yes.” Stark was a thick, overwhelming presence inside him, driving all other thoughts away; the hand in his hair disappeared, letting him drop his head back between his arms, then appeared again as a loose grip around his cock. As Stark pulled out almost all the way, then pressed in again, his hand squeezed and stroked, drawing out drops of wetness and smoothing them over the straining thickness of Steve’s shaft. As Steve relaxed, Stark’s thrusts became smoother and harder; a nudge against Steve’s knees made him spread his legs wider, then a hand on the small of his back made him shift his position, and suddenly Stark’s thrusts were sending sparks up his spine to burst behind his eyelids.
Tony stared at the prisoners, mouth a grim line. “Yes,” he said after a long moment, clearly reluctant. “If we don’t Stane is just going to turn them all over to the King as fugitive Templars.” He pulled the iron crow back out to try to open the door, but Natasha hip checked him to the side.
“You’re welcome,” Stark said. “Now rest. Or pray, whatever. If that doesn’t work, I have some aqua vitae in the cabinet over there.”  He started to shut the door to his bedroom to get dressed but paused.  “And, for the present, you might want to change your clothes,” he added, not unsympathetically. “There’s enough of a risk that people might recognize you, there’s no need to walk around with a target on you.”
“What’s wrong?” He asked Natasha, stroking Friday’s soft nose. “I thought you were on your way to Paris after yesterday.”
"No matter how much they would like you to think it, the Church is not synonymous with God." Bucky shifted and hissed with pain but waved Steve away when he moved to help. “The Church is made up of men, and they are as fallible as you and I. Don’t listen to a bunch of fusty old men about what God thinks, read it for yourself.”
The sun was well past its zenith when Ana found them outside silently feeding crumbs of bread to the chickens that clucked and scratched at the ground near their feet.
“Get out of my house, Stane,” Tony muttered savagely, staring at him with hate in his eyes, and with a final smile Stane left, closing the door to the study behind him. Tony collapsed back in his chair and the room was silent until a footman knocked and said through the door, “He’s gone, milord.”
Tony tapped the piece of paper against his lips, gaze far away as he thought. “You know, the lies that fool us the best are the ones we tell ourselves,” he mused. He stood up suddenly and strode out the door, leaving Steve and Bucky staring after him.
The next time anyone spoke it was Tony making an idle observation about the landscape, and Steve took the reprieve gratefully; any words at all from Tony right now felt like a benediction even though he knew it wasn’t. The ensuing conversation was politely stilted, with none of Tony's previous enthusiasm despite Steve's efforts to ask leading questions. Steve persisted, however, with a dogged stubbornness, and the sun was just starting to make long shadows of the trees when their jerky conversation was interrupted by the sound of galloping hoofbeats coming from behind them. Steve pulled the wagon over to the side of the road to let the rider go past, but as soon as they sped by the rider reined the horse in and pulled it in a circle to face them, face masked by a scarf pulled over their nose and mouth and covered head to toe by a hooded cloak. Steve tensed and reached for his sword, fearing another bandit attack, but Tony stopped him.
think?” Tony stood swiftly, catching Steve by surprise. “I think of the people here, the person you distrust the most is
“I was going to be an artist,” Steve confessed. “I was training with a monk to be an illuminator, but then…” He gestured vaguely at his body. “Over the space of a year, I went from a weedy runt to being stronger than the blacksmith.”
“Dying? Passing on? About to meet our Maker?” Tony huffed out a laugh of bitter amusement. “I sure hope so, I have plenty of words to say to him.” Tony took a deep breath, summoning his strength, and stood. “Come on, after that I am in desperate need for a drink.”
“Is there anything I can do to help?” Steve offered. It was clearly paining him to not be hovering around Bucky as well; he had the air of a brooding hen being denied her chick.
Behind them, the stranger shoved his own captive towards the rest and said, with clear but accented French, “Sit, you thieving dog, before I have your hands.” He brandished his curved sword with a scowl and the bandit sat, crossing his arms over his chest and tucking his hands into his armpits protectively.
The sun’s rays were casting long shadows in Tony’s room when Steve burst through the door to Tony’s bedroom to see Bucky sitting on the edge of his bed, cradling Tony’s limp hand. “He’s still breathing, but he won’t wake up,” Bucky said as he looked up, face pale with worry. “Do you have it?”
Steve raised his eyebrows at the amount of food on the table as he sat but didn’t comment.  “Wasn’t entirely sure I had a choice,” he said, then sighed when Stark’s smile faded, unsure why he was being so surly. “I’m sorry,” he started, but Stark waved his words away.
Tony concentrated and after a moment he realized what he was talking about. “Sounds like fighting,” Tony said. “And not far away.”
” Stark said. “Inanimate objects can’t be imbued with power, that is just superstition,” he added, and Steve was again grateful to the dark so Stark couldn’t see his chagrin. “But people will do a lot for someone they believe in. If the king can use these artifacts to rally the people behind him, then there will be no stopping him and his ambitions.”
Since Steve no longer wore his Templar robes and surplice, it was easy to forget that he was a battle-tested warrior; right now, however, Tony was vividly reminded of that fact as Steve mowed his way through the four armed bandits without so much as a shield. One bandit went down from a sharp kick to the side of his knee; he dropped his sword and cried out with pain as he fell, clutching his leg. Another swung clumsily at Steve with a sword that was spotted with rust; Steve ducked and grabbed the man's sword hand, twisting it until he let go, then punched him in the face, breaking his nose and sending him stumbling backwards. When he hit the ground, he didn't get back up, knocked out cold. A third man, seeing how quickly his compatriots were defeated, apparently decided that discretion was the better part of valor and sprinted for the woods while a fourth was struggling with a black man wearing Muslim garb. Tony moved to intercept the fleeing bandit but Steve got him with a flying tackle before he could get very far. All of the fight seemed to go out of the last man standing as he saw that his friends were all unconscious or on the ground groaning, and he dropped his sword and backed away from his opponent, putting his hands up in defeat.
“Handsome,” Steve managed, feeling his face get hot and his heart race. Tony reared back like he’d been slapped, blinking in surprise. They stared at each other speechlessly for a long moment, then Steve said, face still flaming, “I’ll just,” and gestured with his chin towards the bedroom that Bucky had been staying in, even though he didn’t have the slightest idea what he would do when he got there.
That surprised a laugh out of Tony, even if it ended with a thin, rasping cough. “From your lips to God’s ears,” he managed.
“Good morning,” he said, feeling awkward when he saw Tony’s good spirits become guarded, like a banked fire. “I didn’t know you were already finished, I brought you breakfast,” he added, holding up the bowl awkwardly. “Can I do anything?”
Hydra.” He handed the book back to Steve. “In Baghdad they are a well known as a group of thugs and assassins.”
They have been declared heretics by the Caliph because they believe that it is possible to become gods by harnessing the power of belief. The more people who believe they have god-like powers, the more power they will get.” Sam shook his head and brushed his hands together like he was cleaning dirt off his palms. “Pure nonsense.”
Natasha shook her head. “You should rest, or you will fall off your horse, break your neck, and will be saving no one. I will go.”
made a ball of warmth appear in Steve’s chest, one that he didn’t want to examine too closely so he busied himself by pulling up the sod to make a makeshift firepit. “Also, I’m pretty sure that’s the point of asceticism,” Steve said dryly, stamping down the damp dirt. "To deny yourself material things to get closer to God."
But Steve didn’t even seem to be looking at him; he was staring into the fire, jaw tight. “Thank you for your wisdom, Hassam,” Tony said, trying to distract Sam from noticing Steve’s distress. “Now. Is there any chance we could try some of this distilled alcohol of yours?”
Tony turned his head unexpectedly and smiled when he caught Steve looking at him. It was small and soft and unguarded and Steve felt like he’d been punched in the chest. “Good night,” Tony said, and rolled over to sleep.
“How are you even a nun?” Tony wondered, lifting his eyes to heaven as if praying for patience. “I’ve met madams whose minds spent less time in the gutter.” He tried to act offended but he still let her pull him down so she could kiss him on his cheek.
Tony hushed her and drew her away from the barn where Steve was unharnessing the horse. “The less said about the Iron Cardinal, the better.”
“Perhaps,” Tony said with a shrug, and he knew that Stane knew what he meant: maybe he did, maybe he didn’t, but it didn’t matter because he could if he really wanted to. A likely-looking boy and some forged paperwork, a few bribed witnesses, and a hidden Stark heir could be produced from nothing. “I wasn’t always in the church, you know.”  He took another sip of wine as the silence reigned, waiting for Stane’s next move.
“Stark, I’m sorry,” Steve said, catching his sleeve before he opened the door. “That was uncalled for. You’ve been nothing but kind to me, and I have repaid you with churlishness.”
Steve realized that his jaw was hurting because he was grinding his teeth so hard in an effort to not shout, and that his hands had curled into fists. He took a deep breath and sat up straight, forcing his eyes to stay on the road because if he looked at Stark’s face he might lose his thin grip on his self-control.
“No, but I can,” Natasha said. She had unspooled the rope and hung the grappling hook from her shoulder. “Ready?”
With a smile, Steve put his hand over Stark’s and kissed Stark’s thumb, then his palm, then his wrist, sliding the sleeve of Stark’s dressing gown up to kiss the soft skin of his inner elbow, hearing Stark’s breath catch at the sensation. His lips pressed against the divot of Stark’s throat, tongue dipping out to taste as he’d wanted to earlier, then under his ear, then he paused, asking for permission, as his mouth hovered over Stark’s. It was Stark that lifted his head to press their lips together in a simple, almost chaste kiss, and Steve wanted to shout from happiness. “I do,” Steve murmured against Stark’s mouth and felt Stark’s smile in return. “I look forward to returning to my God, then, and learning how best to worship him.”
“That was…” Tony cleared his throat. “That was a fine confession. I’m sure you were the pride of your diocese.”
“We are with some of Tony’s friends,” Steve said. “That is, Cardinal Stark,” he corrected. “You’re safe.”
“How do you know about all of these things?” Steve finally asked when Tony stopped talking long enough to eat.
“Ana, our friend is in dire need of your help,” he said, gesturing to Barnes after he embraced her. When Ana saw Barnes’s condition, her eyes widened and she called out for her maidservant to gather warm water, bandages, and willow bark as Tony and Steve lowered Barnes to the ground. Natasha hung back, holding the horses as Steve helped the women take Barnes inside and the older man pulled Tony into a hug.
“Good. You have about a week before you start to feel the effects. Find me the relics or Sir Rogers before then and you can have the antidote.” He stood and clapped Tony on the shoulder. “I recommend quick work and a faster horse. When you are done, you can find me at my estate.”
“Yes!” He said, putting down his knife so he could dig through the box, finding his books and the simple rosary he’d bought in the Holy Land.  “How did you get these?”
“Open,” Stark murmured, putting pressure on Steve’s lower lip, and Steve opened his mouth eagerly, eyes sliding closed as Stark’s cock becomes a hot pressure on his tongue, soft skin around hard flesh. He closed his lips around Stark’s cock as it slid deeper until it was almost in his throat, and he swallowed reflexively around it and was rewarded with a sharp exhale and Stark’s hand cupping his jaw.
“Oh, yes, he’s very popular,” Natasha said with relish. “If you give the bard some coin, he will sing all that you care to hear.” Steve’s hand went to his belt automatically, but he forgot he didn’t have a coin purse because Tony had been handling the finances all trip. He held out a hand to Tony for some money and earned himself a dirty glare. Then to his surprise, a coin appeared in his hand and Natasha winked at him.
“Did you get your estate dealt with?” Steve asked. He was watching Tony over steepled hands, fingers tapping thoughtfully against his lips, gaze unreadable.
Tony’s pulse spiked with a sudden rage and his hand tightened on the stem of his glass. “So that’s what really happened,” he said acidly, sitting up straighter. “Howard said no, did he? So you took him out to the woods and broke his neck?”
It took a while for Barnes to wake up, but eventually his swollen eyelids opened a slit. “Steve?” he mumbled around a split lip. “No, you can’t…get out, go away,” he said, shaking his head, chains rattling as he tried to reach out and push Steve away. "Run, you have to run-"
“For me to see you here so soon after your last confession means your sins must be dire indeed,” Stark said gravely as he circled the room, lighting candles while Steve stood in the center and tried to calm his racing heart. Tonight, because of the late hour, Stark was wearing a dressing gown rather than his scarlet robes of office and Steve was riveted by the barest hints of skin it revealed; he wanted to dip his tongue into the hollow of Stark’s throat and press his lips to the tender skin of his inner wrists. “Tell me what troubles you so, my child, to bring you here at such a late hour.”
“Brother Lucien introduced him as Brother Eduard,” Brother Thibault answered as Steve splashed water on his face and hair, rinsing away the sweat. Now that he had stopped working, his stomach was rumbling, making him glad that it was time to eat. Dinner here was always a simple affair, usually roast vegetables from the garden and hearty brown bread flavored with honey from the hives. After a hard day’s labor, Steve was always hungry enough that he scarcely missed the sophisticated variety of dishes he’d dined on in Paris.
“No, the point is that you sin in moments of weakness, then pray for God to forgive you your weakness and give you strength for next time.”
Steve scowled at the rebuke.  “What would you have me do instead? Stay here, in the lap of luxury, while my brothers are being tortured, while my entire order is being dismantled and scattered to the far ends of the Earth?”
“You are doing very well,” he murmured, and Steve glowed under the approval, tilting his face into the touch. They stood there for a moment until Steve felt more under control, although the fabric of his smallclothes was embarrassingly wet at the tip of his cock. “But these sins are not, I think, the ones that weigh upon your thoughts.”
“They are being interrogated for the charges of heresy,” Stark said when he finished chewing. “Some have confessed.”
had the relics,” he said as Steve followed him into the kitchen where the smell of food made Steve’s stomach rumble loudly. “Unless he tried to send them to me?”
“No, you don’t understand,” Bucky said. He struggled to sit up and cursed in frustration when his weakened body betrayed him by not doing what he wanted it to. “They have to be secured. They have to be kept safe.”
“It occurs to me,” Stark said after a few long moments, voice deepening, “that perhaps we need a new approach. Clearly confession and penance has not been enough to banish the demon that rides you and incites such lust.” His hand tightened in Steve’s hair, making Steve shiver at the sensation, and pulled his head back to meet his eyes. “I think your only salvation will be to dedicate your body to God, to put yourself wholly into His hands.”
“Tony, you haven’t been sleeping and you barely eat. Your face is deathly pale and the smallest thing tires you out. You are
Steve’s hands tightened on the grail. “You will have to take this from me by force, and then bind me tightly to something sturdy to keep me from taking this to Tony
Tony read it quickly then frowned and read it again. “These numbers are at least 8% higher than they were last month and a good 10% higher than other hospitals,” he said. “The bastard is skimming.”
“Hey, don't go to sleep, you’re supposed to be keeping me company here,” James chided him gently. Tony felt his lips curl in a smile, but he was already too close to sleep to come up with a response. “Tony?" James said, voice full of urgency, and Tony heard something clatter to the floor as hands shook him. "Come on, Tony, stay with me-"
“Sir Steve Rodgers, Knight of the Order of Solomon’s Temple, is here to see you, sir,” he rushed breathlessly right as Steve pushed him out of the way to storm into the room.
Tony shrugged as he ate. “I’ll just have to beard the lion in its den,” he said, and Steve didn’t believe the affected casualness but he didn’t say anything. That wasn’t a battle he could help Tony with. “You should go get him ready,” Tony continued. “Ana was going to prepare a tisane for us to give him while we travel.”
Tony paused and made a thoughtful noise. “Tragic,” he said mildly, shuffling a pile of papers into a neat stack.
Tony’s eyebrows flew up. “I’ve never seen this side of you, Brother Steve. I like it," he drawled. Natasha snorted while Steve’s cheeks grew ruddy, even though the determined look on his face never faded. Their food arrived and conversation died while they ate, and halfway through his stew Steve heard someone mention the Iron Cardinal. He raised his head, looking around in confusion, and realized that it had been the minstrel beginning a new song.
“Mine is still bigger,” she said, and as they frowned she led them to another part of the castle. “Your comment earlier about the Vicomte giving up his wine cellar made me wonder why he was turning his cellar into a prison in the first place. This not a large castle but even small castles have dungeons to hold men before they are delivered to the King’s justice, right? So why not hold Barnes there?”
“Tell me about your friend,” Stark said unexpectedly, breaking Steve’s train of thought. “Put yourself in his shoes, where do you think he would go?”
like that. I also want this,” he said, running thumb over Tony’s brow. “And this,” he added, pressing his palm to Tony’s sternum.
Tony shrugged. “For all my other sins, I rarely lie, and especially not about things that are important. What I hide, I hide to protect others, not myself.”
At that, Steve pushed himself to standing and crossed the study in two long strides to study Tony with terrified fury. “
“In a very good way.” Steve kissed him again, tilting his head to slant his mouth across Tony's, tongue darting out to run along his bottom lip. "I missed you."
“I think it’s more than that,” Steve said. He reached over the desk and pressed a finger to the line on Tony’s brow, trying to smooth it out. “Tell me. Please?”
relics, the real ones,” Steve said. He was barely controlling the urge to shake her into action. “I know you still have the real ones.” If he knew Tony, and he liked to think that he did, there’s no way he would have ordered these relics to be hidden without the chance to investigate if Bucky’s claims were true. His sense of curiosity was too strong for that.
“Of course.” Steve was still smiling at him, eyes roving over his face like he thought he’d never see Tony again; which was fair, Tony reflected. He hadn’t thought he would see Steve – or anyone – again either. One of Steve’s hands came up to cup Tony’s cheek, and Tony leaned his face into the touch.
Tony studied it for a moment, trying to figure out what it was. “Brother Steve, have you ever seen this symbol before?” He passed the crude sketch over and Steve frowned as he studied it.
Steve moaned at the reminder and felt a deeply coiled tension inside him let go, then suddenly he was flying, having been given permission to not think or do, just to feel. His body was alight with sensation, from the stinging in his back to the throbbing of his cock to the slight ache of his jaw as Stark used his mouth. His hands were on Stark’s thighs, feeling the muscles there move under his palms as Stark thrust slow and deep. He didn’t realize that his eyes had closed until he dragged his eyelids open to look up at Stark, feeling a thrill when he saw the heat in the man’s heavy-lidded dark eyes, lips slightly parted as he watched his cock disappear into Steve’s mouth. He was starting to move faster now, and Steve made another ragged sound deep in his chest, relaxing to let Stark take what he wanted, to go as deep as he wished. There was bit off noise above him and one of the hands on his jaw moved to his hair, fingers tightening on the strands with the perfect amount of pain. He knew if he looked, his own cock would be an angry red and leaking profusely, but he didn’t touch it without Stark’s permission.
“Oh, I’m going somewhere alright,” Steve said grimly. “I’m going to Paris to get those goddamn relics.” Tony raised his eyebrows at the tone in Steve’s voice; that was the kind of tone that demanded that Steve be wearing a snowy white surplice with armor instead of rags filthy with pig’s blood. “The Iron Cardinal must have post horses between here and Paris. Tell me what to do.”
to willingly bond with you. You have known me enough moons now to know that I would not have let you do so if I did not desire it. Banish the thought from your head, and come
“I do not need details,” Bruce said quickly, face turning pink, “I am happy to look after him for a bit… but do you really want to hand him off to me and not your friend?”
“Okay. I will be up soon. I have almost finished my project here and I need to do the tempering before I can stop.”
He got a grip on the drainpipe, ignoring the boys’ calls as he tried to slide down. He’d barely started his way down when his foot slipped on a loose brick and the pipe creaked and bent off the building, not used to holding his weight. His hands let go and with no footholds, Tony ended up staring at the sky as he fell, thinking about how it was the same blue as Steve’s eyes.
“Not really. We are not in any shape to go storming a castle right now and I doubt we will be ready by spring. I may send Natasha with Bucky to try and collect information on Howard’s movements, but for now, there is not much we can do,” Steve answered, “We will stay vigilant with scouting parties, and that will have to be enough.”
“Yeah, I know. Thank you, Tasha,” he mumbled, leaning over to press a kiss to her cheek, “Sometimes it feels like you’re the only one who gets it.”
Tony turned to see if Steve followed, but the man only looked confused and worried, understanding his tone but not his words. He thought quickly and raised a finger, turning back around to grab a blank piece of parchment. He drew angry stick figures with weapons on it and showed it to Steve, then proceeded to rip it in half. He placed each half on opposite sides of the compound and leaned out of the way, motioning Steve forward to look.
The Prime blinked at Tony, then laughed, pearly white teeth shining in a smile. He waved his hands between them and shook his head, then pointed at Tony and at the tub.
He did not like using his Omega tone very often, but the emphasis did the trick and Steve looked shocked. He recovered quickly and nodded, mumbling something that Tony figured was an apology before settling on the pillows without trying to communicate more. Silence stretched on between them with the only sounds being Peter’s quiet snuffles and Tony’s occasional cough and sniffle. The room felt awkward until Steve sighed and slid out of the bed, shaking his hair out and stretching his muscles. Tony tilted his head over to watch him, pretending that he was not already missing the Alpha’s scent.
Steve nodded, offering a grateful smile until Tony turned away. This was going to be the first soccer game in middle school in which he wasn’t right by Tony’s side on the field. Inwardly, it was heartbreaking, and he knew Tony would quit the team if he told him about how he truly felt. But, he also knew Tony needed the sport because he always looked so
Tony drew a hot bath, figuring that if he liked a warm bath after a rough day, perhaps Steve did as well. As the water filled up the bathtub, he motioned to Steve, mimicking him undoing his leather skirt and then pointed at the tub. Steve seemed confused, yet once Tony reached for him, he jumped and nodded, hurriedly undressing. Tony’s body desperately wanted him to stare at the Alpha, but he fought his instincts and turned away, retrieving the soap from where he had put it earlier in the evening. Of course, his plans always seem to be interrupted, for when he turned around Steve stood there in his nudity, almost basking in the faint candlelight.
“Good job, kiddo. I’m so proud of you,” he whispered to the boy, bouncing him around the room a bit before tucking him back into bed, “You have been so good,
Standing up, he watched PJ run back to Steve, the elephant’s big ears flopping as he skidded to a stop at Steve’s feet. Tony walked over, shouldering the overnight bag as PJ stared expectantly at Steve.
Multitasking was difficult when crashing. He pitched forward a number of times, falling asleep on his feet. Seeing Tony struggle, Steve stepped in to help him, a hand on his elbow and on his waist. Slowly, he lowered Tony and Peter into the water, but he could see that Tony was lagging, having to lean against the side of the bath to stay upright. He took pity on the poor man and stripped down himself, making sure his shield was placed down carefully, unlike his clothes. The water was hot when he finally stepped in, sliding down behind Tony with a quiet moan as his sore muscles began to relax. Once he was settled, he tugged Tony back to rest on his chest, making sure that Peter was also safe and in reach.
He shook the thought from his head and turned to look at a small boy tucked away in a beanbag chair in the corner, large circular glasses almost dwarfing his face. He was quietly reading a book that Tony couldn’t quite make out the name of, but since the print was small, he figured that the boy was pretty smart since he could read lots of small letters. Tony wanted to go over and join him, since he, too, could read lots of small letters, but one of the larger boys with long, blond hair tied back into a ponytail went over first, so Tony stopped his feet and stood still.
“That sounds like trauma, Tony,” Bruce said carefully, “I am sure it was very stressful to experience, but also, I would guess that the Prime did not mean to purposefully set it into motion. It sounds like he was worried someone had come along and taken you, as—”
“I do not know what has plagued you as of late, my sun, but I can share the burden. You know this. You do not have to shoulder it all yourself,” Steve said as he squeezed himself down onto the pile of furs to spoon up next to Tony, “He and I both love you very much, but I understand that you get lost in your head at times. He does not. He needs his daddy, Tony, even if you do not feel very much like being one at the moment.”
“You are much easier to handle, my love,” he whispered in the Southern dialect, “A little thing like you has no reason to feel such jealousy for others, huh?... Well, maybe if your Papa keeps me from you. But I do not blame you for that one.”
“I’m about to get meaner, too. You’re on bedrest for at least a week to give those ribs time to heal.”
“…Yes,” he finally said, tears finally rolling down his cheeks, “God, Steve, of course I’ll marry you, you
Unbeta'd. Comments and kudos are really appreciated. Ask me questions over @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Well, go on, you do not want to keep your Alpha unsatisfied,” Rhodey teased, moving his eyebrows suggestively.
“I am sorry to have put you through all of this,” Tony murmured, “You deserve a mate much better than I; perhaps one day I will understand why you chose me, but as of now, I have done nothing but cause you heartache and pain.”
Steve rolled his eyes and pulled PJ up onto his chest, allowing Tony to scoot back in and throw his leg over Steve’s legs. PJ huffed in annoyance at being moved, but Steve’s chest was warm, and he easily settled with his head tucked under Steve’s chin.
“I am fine, I promise. I got lost in thought is all,” he said, “Really. I cannot help that it sours sometimes.”
As a team, they spent hours together hashing and re-hashing out their plan of attack, balancing out variables and methods, attempting to decide what their best approach would be. However, since they did not have enough information about the actual complex yet to decide the initial infiltration, Tony called it a night, waving everyone away.
PJ managed a nod, his eyes fluttering shut as he turned his head to nose at Tony’s palm. He shushed him again and moved his hand back into PJ’s hair, gently scratching his scalp to try and help him sleep. Slowly but surely, the boy drifted off, his even breaths a relief to both men. Standing from the bed, Tony beckoned to Steve, closing the door to a crack once they both were out of the room.
“Get nerd books too, J. Simple stuff about computers, math, robots—y’know, since we’re going whole hog here, might as well get some about art and history, too,” Tony added.
He cooed over the baby as he dressed himself, only to pause when he went to reach for his shirt and realized that one was not there. He sighed and stared down at his leather pants then looked at Peter, noting that the baby did not seem to care about his plight.
“Alright, we need teams. Wanda, Vis, I want you two and Scott to go back to the compound we already went through. Vis, I want you to see if you can get any electronic records, or maybe find out where the escaped agents fled to. Bucky, you, Sam, and Natasha start intel. Pull out the stops, see if you can find where this weed started. Bruce, you help them with detailing components for the actual hardware HYDRA would have needed for this, so they can track it. T’Challa, go to Wakanda and see what your sources know. Though HYDRA’s dealings in vibranium mostly dealt with Cap, even the smallest bug about the current whereabouts of HYDRA operatives could be helpful.”
Of course, they’d had their own shit to work out, but once their prescribed therapist let them start having sessions together, Steve had made sure to hold Tony’s hand tight, even if both of them were shaking. Tony had to talk the most, which was incredibly strange for both of them. He was used to being the quiet one, letting Steve’s warm baritone fill up the space, but this time it was his own soft voice that had to come out. He’d been asked all sorts of questions about Steve, their relationship, if Steve had ever pressured him, did he ever feel unsafe—
“You know you can just call me Steve,” he mumbled, “But I’m afraid for the kid. Kidnapping isn’t exactly playtime.”
He demonstrated on his own face before plucking out another tissue, handing it over to PJ. Tentatively, PJ took the tissue, almost perfectly replicating Tony’s demonstration. With his face wiped and his nose cleaned, the boy sighed in relief, handing back the used tissue to Tony. Ignoring the urge to vomit from the wet tissue now in his hand, Tony wrapped it in the tissue he had taken, stuffing it in his pocket for the moment.
“I was just showin’ Sam! I was gonna give it back!” Bucky grumbled, folding his arms over his chest.
“Well, men can lactate, just not as easily as women,” Sam explained, eyes trailing Bruce as he stood and walked off to the jet, “Usually it takes weeks of preparation and other stuff for it to happen, since its all hormonal.”
. We got picked by a government entity called SHIELD to test a new serum they were creating that would create the perfect soldier. Unlimited stamina, speed, super strength, accelerated healing…. stuff like that. We came out the other side, but the facility wasn’t exactly…. equipped well. The power it needed to sustain itself ended up causing half the state to go black and blew itself up in the process. We quite literally crawled out of the burning wreckage and Fury, the director of SHIELD, called us just under two years later for deployment. Part of our contract was we had to say yes, no questions asked.”
Steve froze, but then nodded, setting the bag back onto the floor before nervously playing with his hands again. Tony took notice and sighed, gently grabbing both of Steve’s hands with one of his own.
, okay? I’ll go get the ruffians out of your space,” he told the boy before getting back up to head into the room.
Finally able to go to PJ, Tony faltered as he saw the kid, small and frail in the large hospital bed. Seeing that they had put a cannula on him, he let out a sigh, almost collapsing into a chair next to the bed.
He blinked and re-read the first paragraph, a million thoughts running through his brain. Cap? Cap was him, but this was young Tony, so he meant the Captain America that Howard had told him about. Not him, Steve Stark-Rogers. Clearly, this was fiction, but it seemed like Tony had put himself right into the old comics, fighting Skull and HYDRA. It was quite adorable, really, considering Tony was only twelve or so when he wrote it, so why was his husband so worried? Steve rolled his eyes fondly and settled back in his chair, propping his feet up as he kept reading:
The bond throbbed frantically as Steve strained to push more of his arm through the bars, but to no avail. The only way he was going to be able to get at Tony was if he got out of the cell, and the remains of the manacles on the floor reminded Tony exactly why he was not going to open the door. As a compromise, he grabbed Steve’s hand and pushed so their hands were inside the cell since Tony’s arms were thinner and could easily slip between the bars. He laced their fingers together and squeezed, hoping that it would help to ground Steve.
He stood on creaky knees, ignoring the various stunned and amused looks he was receiving from the team. With a gentle touch on the shoulder from Nat, he headed off toward the guest room, toward the increasing sounds of swing music. Poking his head into the room, Tony couldn’t help the small gasp that escaped his lungs; the room had been cleared of regular furniture, and there was Steve, wiping sweat from his brow as he looked down at a finished small bedframe up against the wall. Hearing the gasp, Steve swiveled toward the door, causing Tony to reflexively shrink back.
“I’m fine,” Tony managed weakly, using the wardrobe to steady himself as he made to stand, “Just peachy, Cappuccino. Just needed to sit for a minute—”
word, squashing out his last joint and stashing the weed bag underneath the lip of the roof. Carefully, he made his way over to the drainpipe, intent on shimmying down the three flights to the ground. Right before he could swing his legs over, he made a quick calculation, decided he had about a 43% chance of dying if he landed just the right way. The odds really weren’t that good, but the THC in his system wasn’t exactly helping his decision making, and he had a few minutes until the bell rang, so if he went now—
Looking down at the compass in his hand, Steve grimaced, watching the needle idly spin. Since the device moved according to the Earth’s magnetism, it should be still, not constantly moving in circles. Something was going on in the desert, which is why he and his Special Ops team had been assigned to this area six years ago. There was no real telling as to why the needle spun; some days, it was still and pointed to true north, but other days like today, the needle lazily spun as if he’d flicked it with his finger.
, Tony. Baby, I promise you it’s not bad and I’m going to still love you after I read it. You have nothing to be afraid of,” Steve said seriously, making sure Tony met his eyes, “I love you, Mr. Stark-Rogers. There is nothing in that box that will ever make me reconsider that. I promise.”
“It does make things more complicated. My father and I don’t get along, to put it mildly.” Tony pulled his bowl of stew closer and sighed, shoulders slumped. “I would pick another estate, but the hunting lodges are all going to be closed up and are farther away, and I don’t want to stay here any longer than necessary because I don’t want to pull you two into this.”
Here it was, why Stane was really here. “What’s that?” Tony said warily, caught off guard by how quickly Stane was ready to give up on the idea of having a dukedom.
?” Steve watched but couldn’t see how Stark’s two-pronged utensil was any better than everyone else’s sharpened wood or metal spears.
to me,” Steve said, getting to his feet. “Bucky has been my friend since we were children, and if he’s in trouble, I am going to help him, no matter what it takes. Is there anyone in
“Nomini tuo da gloriam.” Steve repeated the final words to the Templar oath automatically, studying the man with renewed interest.   He glanced around to see if they were being watched and moved a little closer, because the only person who knew he was here that wasn’t Stark or Brother Peter was Bucky. He bowed his head as if praying and gestured for the man to do the same.  “Who was sent you here? Was it a man named James?”
“Yes, Your Grace.” This time, there were three cracks and flares of pain on his back, making Steve tremble and gasp for breath. But his erection was undaunted, and he had the wild thought that he could come like this, without anyone laying a hand on him. He wondered if he would earn Stark’s praise or further punishment for that, and his cock throbbed at the idea.
Steve eyed the work he’d done and the amount he had left to do, and decided he was at a good stopping point for the day. Since he’d gotten here a week ago, they’d put him to work clearing a field in order to expand their garden; he was almost done chopping the trees down and turning them into firewood for the monastery, and next he’d start digging up the roots and collecting rocks so they could till the dirt for the crops. “I’m coming,” he said, tucking the ax into the rope belt that gathered his robe at his waist and pulling off the tough leather gloves. “Who’s our guest?” he asked as he followed Brother Thibault back to the monastery.
“Good,” Tony said as he found clean bandages and rewrapped them. “They seem to be healing well. I don’t think we’ll need to call a chirurgeon.”
She watched him with interest as he cleaned but didn’t offer to help. “Because after he leaves you always seemed so,” she gestured vaguely before tucking her hands back into the sleeves of her habit, “invigorated.”
As Steve told his story, he realized that for the first time he was the sole focus of Stark’s not inconsiderable intellect; he was reminded of what Bucky had said the first time he’d come back from a meeting with the Cardinal complaining of his impiety. “Stark must be smarter than he lets on, though, for him to be able to reach such a high rank in the Church and then keep it,” he had pointed out, and at the time Steve had known little enough about the cutthroat politics of Paris that he didn’t put too much weight into Bucky’s words.  Now, though, Steve got a sense of what Bucky meant.  He’d barely finished talking when Stark had pulled out sheets of paper and started writing, pen flying over the page as he reached over to pull a cord on the wall next to his desk.   It was only a few minutes before his assistant Brother Peter appeared, slightly breathless from hurrying up the stairs.
Steve just snorted and leaned over the desk to give Tony a thorough kiss. “You scare me sometimes,” he said with a smile.
“I can assure you that Howard’s accounts are in order, so that shouldn’t be difficult.” Stane sat back in his chair and laced his fingers together over his chest. “I helped him manage them so he could spend his time on more important matters. But since you brought up his will, I hope it’s not to forward to ask what you plan to do with the estate, given your position.” He eyed Tony’s clothes. “You
“Nothing,” Steve said tightly. He’d thought that he was over this, but now that he was back in the same room as Tony it was clear that the run had accomplished little, other than making him sweaty and his legs sore; he was just as irritated and nervous as he’d been an hour ago. He couldn’t help glancing at the bed, expecting a mess, but apparently Tony had tidied after his assignation.
isn’t Stark,” he muttered, turning back to his food. “He’s…” he trailed off, trying to find the words. “It’s too much. He’s trying too hard.”
Steve heard Stark move away and there was the rasp of the leather whip against the stone floor. “We kissed and – and touched each other,” he said, closing his eyes again, and behind his closed eyelids flashed every guilty fantasy he’d ever had about Stark. When he’d first learned how men lie with other men, he’d been appalled, but now he ached to know that pleasure for himself, to know what it was like to have Stark’s body moving against his own, inside of him. “And had sexual congress,” he continued, words coming out in a rush. He’d never confessed as much before, and behind him he heard Stark inhale sharply.
Sir Rogers – Steve, Tony reminded himself, though it was a hard habit to break – seemed to come to a decision because he closed the door behind him and, in a move that made Tony’s pulse quicken, pushed the bolt to lock the door. “Bless me, Father, for I have sinned,” he said, voice husky. “It’s been too long since my last confession.”
“Just take care of yourself,” she said, squeezing him tightly before releasing him. “If Rodgers hurts you, he’ll be feeding the ravens before nightfall.”
“The sickbed is not so entertaining that I would have recommended you come for an extended stay,” James said dryly. “But I’m sure you won’t be here long.”
“There’s no way he did this on his own,” Tony said, mostly to himself, rubbing his temples against a sudden headache. “He’s well-connected but not that powerful. But the real question is
“I’m sure you know what impact these relics could have on the balance of power in Europe,” Stane said, and Tony waved his hand in impatient acknowledgement. “My compatriots and I only want to keep them safe to preserve the peace.”
Steve looked up at him, Stark’s thumb a suggestive pressure against his lip, just resting there as a question all its own. “I am, Your Grace,” he said, and when Stark inclined his head Steve started to fumble with his heavy crimson robes of office, gathering them at Stark’s thighs until Stark could free himself from his braes, and then Steve was staring at the hard length of Starks cock, flush with arousal.
“Then I’ll go with you,” Steve said, holding him tight as if he could physically keep Bucky from slipping through his fingers. “You’ll need someone to watch your back-“
“Now, tell me what you are here for,” Stark ordered, and Steve closed his eyes, skin breaking out in chill bumps as fear and nerves fueled the flames of his arousal.
“That's not very Christian of you, Cardinal. An eye for an eye leaves every man blind,” Stane admonished him with a smile still on his face. “Besides, you can't defeat the Hydra. If you cut one of us down, two more shall rise, and the people you care about will be the ones to pay the price."
“Noooo,” Tony mourned softly, banging his head gently against Sister Virginia’s shoulder as she patted him gently on the back. “I don’t want to go.”
” A hand on Steve’s shoulder yanked him back as Stark thrust forward one last time, as if trying to get as deep as possible, then Steve felt Stark’s release in the pulses of his cock against his rim. The feeling filled Steve with a glorious satisfaction that made his nerves sing, knowing that he had brought Stark such pleasure; it was enough that it almost distracted Steve from the throbbing ache of his own arousal, until the hand on his shoulder was pulling him back onto his knees until he was all but sitting on Stark’s lap and impaling him further on his still hard cock.
“You don’t believe me?” Stark affected a look of surprise. “Why not? What do you imagine we were doing in there?”
“Sometimes, Rodgers, you must accept your helplessness against the cold hand of fate,” Stark said, voice short.  “Good does not always, or even often, win.”
Tony turned his head to study him thoughtfully. “You truly believe that the relics have powers,” he said, eyebrows drawing together.
“They’d heal a lot faster with the relics,” Bucky said. Steve frowned at him over Tony’s head but Bucky ignored him. “Did Steve tell you what I told him? About their powers?”
“You unmitigated bastard,” Tony snarled. “Tell me why I shouldn’t order you killed where you stand.” He reached for the bell to ring for his guards, but it wasn't in its usual place; seeing Stane's smirk, he followed Stane's gaze to where the bell was on the mantel, impossibly far away.
That surprised a laugh out of Steve. He could just imagine the face Tony would make at that. He stabbed a potato with his eating knife and offered it to Bucky. “So how did you figure it out?”
Steve’s throat closed at the simple kindness of Stark’s words. “Thank you,” he said again, and turned on his heel to leave before he embarrassed himself further.
Stane’s eyebrows lowered and he frowned. “Nothing so base, my boy. But you know what happens to the line of succession with you in the Church.”
“I, uh,” Stark cleared his throat. “I didn’t give myself that name, you know. It’s kind of silly, I guess, but people…I think it was Sister Natasha’s idea, and she listens to
Tony trotted up to Natasha, recognizing her despite her disguise mostly because she was riding Friday, Tony’s favorite horse. Tony put a hand on Friday’s halter and despite his worry, smiled when the horse bumped him with her nose and snorted, recognizing his scent.
and the excruciating awareness that he’d apparently brought Steve and Barnes right into the lion’s den. It took every bit of his self control not to look behind him and see if the pair were still visible through the open door. “I wish I could say it was a pleasure to see you, but given the circumstances," he said, gesturing to the funereal gloom of the hall and stepping further inside so the footman could close the door behind him, "I hope you'll forgive me when I say that the first thing I want to do right now is get a drink. Could you please join me in the study and tell me exactly what happened?”
But once the heat of illicit arousal was gone, the sick feeling of guilt and shame set in, making Steve feel cold inside. He tucked himself back into his pants, wiped his hands on the grass with a grimace, and went back to running, keeping his head down to watch his footing; when it got too dark to see, he finally turned around and started the long walk back to town.
“I mean it.” Driven by an impulse that he didn’t examine too closely, Steve rose from his chair and fell to his knees in front of Tony. Heart pounding, he took the bottle from Tony’s fingers, took a deep swallow and set it aside. Then, eyes steady on Tony’s, he leaned in and pressed his mouth to Tony’s in a soft, clumsy kiss. The contact was brief but electric, making Steve suck in a breath; this one kiss was more exhilarating than the entire act with the few women Steve had slept with. He pulled back, and when Tony didn’t protest, he did it again, this time feeling Tony return it, tilting his head and moving his mouth against Steve’s, sending sparks up and down his spine. His hands came up to rest on Tony’s thighs for balance, but he heard Tony make a soft noise at the touch and was suddenly hungry to hear more.
“What if,” Steve said slowly, frowning as he turned the thought over in his head, “we give them what they want? All of them?”
“Best guess is because of this.” Natasha pulled something out of her pocket; it was a hardened bit of clay and pressed into the center was the symbol that Steve had sketched, the many-headed Hydra. “The source found this stamp hidden in Stane’s desk.”
Tony was still shaking his head in disagreement. “Steve wants to fight me, maybe, but not fuck me. He’s made it pretty clear that I represent everything he hates about Church venality and hypocrisy. You should have seen the look on his face when I surprised him at the monastery.”
Steve's heart ached for Tony, at the picture Steve was starting to see more clearly: a younger, more idealistic Tony, caught up in the heady rush of forbidden love, runs away but is discovered by an angry father and forced into the Church to redeem his virtue while his lover lives well on dishonest money. Steve pressed a kiss to the corner of Tony's eye, tasting salt, then brushed another over the arch of Tony's cheek on his way to Tony's mouth, wanting to kiss the heartache from his face, but Tony stopped him with a finger on his lips.
“As soon as what happened?” Tony asked, still staring at the black hangings. The steward, Edwin’s replacement, was coming down the hall, and the footman bowed gratefully and took a step back, clearly glad to be off the hook for what was coming. “What happened?” He repeated to the steward.
– him perhaps twice a year for Easter and Christmas services at Notre Dame. So why do I feel…” Tony pressed a hand against his sternum, then sighed and let his head fall back against the chair. Steve had no idea how to answer that, but thankfully it seemed like an answer wasn’t required. Tony turned his head and met Steve’s eyes. “Have you ever been pulling so hard against something that when it finally gives way, you fall flat on your face?”
!” Steve burst out under his breath, pacing away. He fisted his hands in his too-long hair and pulled, the sharp sting of it distracting him from the tangled knot in his chest. He tried to hold on to the anger, the frustration and impatience, but at the core of it was just fear, curdling his stomach and sliding slickly through his veins. Tony was right, damn him –
Stark made soothing sounds as he urged Steve to let go, then he knelt in front of him. A hand on the back of Steve’s neck urged him to rest his forehead on Stark’s shoulder, and the other hand wrapped around Steve’s cock. Stark’s hand felt hot but his rings of office were cold, and the contrast made Steve inhale sharply. The steady stream of fluid coming from Steve’s cock was more than enough to slick his grip, and it felt so good that Steve tightened his jaw until his teeth ached to keep from finishing too quickly. “The next time you come to me, we will see how sinful your fantasy is in reality,” Stark said in Steve’s ear as he stroked, voice dark with promise. “Then I can make a proper decision how much penance such a sin would require.”
“Brother Steve, Brother Eduard, please, stay a moment. I have something I must ask you.” Sam tucked his hands into the wide sleeves of his burnoose. “I apologize if I am presuming on our short acquaintance, but I cannot help but feel that you had more than a passing interest in Hydra. If you are planning to investigate the presence of the Hydra in these lands, I would like to join you. I have always been ashamed that my family ran instead of confronting them and I do not want to miss my chance again.”
There was a moment of hesitation as Steve realized what Stark was asking for, then his hands were fumbling at his braes, shoving them down to free his cock. His breath felt punched out of him at the first touch of his hands on himself, and as he started to stroke he curled over at the force of the sensation.
Their luck finally ran out as they were heading for the bailey; a servant came out of one of the rooms heading for the garderobe, and the light from his candle lit up the whole guilty-looking lot of them. He gave a shout of surprise before Tony could silence him, and the shout roused the other sleepers in the servants’ quarters. Tony shoved the shouter back into the room and slammed the door closed, putting his back against it as they started pounding on it. “Run,” he said. “I’ll hold the door as long as possible.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asked softly when Steve pulled back, voice barely audible, breath warm against Steve’s lips and sweet with wine.
“Care to wager on that?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “I think you and I both know that an exception to the rules can always be made for the right price.”
“It’s just for the night,” Bucky said, tucking the invitation away. “He couldn’t go so I volunteered.  I want to meet this guy you keep complaining about. Are you going?”
“I’ll go,” Edwin said. “You two look like you’ve been through hell, if you pardon my language,” he said bluntly. “Also, you’re two strangers, and you don’t need that kind of attention right now. I’ll take the pony and cart and be back soon with no questions asked.”
“And that’s what this is? A map to hidden treasure?” Stane said skeptically. “Sounds like you’re sending me on a wild goose chase, Tony.”
“Yes please,” Steve said under his breath, but Tony didn’t hear him because at the same time Bucky frowned and said, “How does that help?”
Stark returned to his field of vision, and then something under his chin was lifting his face up. “Do you know what this is?” he asked, uncoiling the length of leather in his hands and letting it whisper along the carpet before coiling it again.
The quality of the silence changed, and Steve could tell that he had offended him. The silence went on for so long that Steve started to apologize, but Stark stood suddenly before he could speak, making the candle flame dance. “I’ve spent too long ministering to the poor, the sick, and the injured, to not care how their lives will be affected by war,” he said bitingly as he moved towards the door.
“I’m sorry!” He said. She had finally cornered him against the fireplace. “But it was also more important that you take care of the forgeries and everything than to come down and hover uselessly. I wouldn’t have handled it that way if I thought I had any other choice.”
I could be compromised.” As Steve stared at him, stunned, Stark exhaled and ran a hand over his face.  “This is my fault.  I’ve been trying to protect you from the lies and the intrigue and now you may have doomed us all.”
When he was ready, Steve climbed back into the wagon, this time sitting next to Thomas on the seat.  “You work for Stark?” Steve asked as the horse pulled the wagon back onto the rutted dirt road.  He’d spent the hours hiding in the wagon plagued with questions: Where was Stark sending him? Was Stark going to be safe if he stayed behind? What happened to the other Templar? And how exactly did a man of the church know how to smuggle a man out of Paris on such short notice?
Tony stared at him, speechless. “You are a real piece of work, Rodgers. I’m going to help you find your friend, though God knows you don’t deserve it, and then you can take all that self-righteousness and sexual repression and
“I’m going to muddy the trail,” Natasha said when they were alone. “I’ll take the horses and head to Paris, make sure no one is following you.”
Smiling gently, Steve pulled Tony’s chair away from the desk so he could lean over him and press a soft kiss to the corner of Tony’s eye, light as a butterfly. Tony let out a shuddering breath and his eyes fluttered closed at the contact as he did the same to the other. The brush of Steve’s lips moved to Tony’s temple, then down to the corner of his mouth. Tony turned his head to chase his mouth but Steve pulled away. He cupped Tony’s face and ran a thumb over his bottom lip. Tony licked his lips and felt a curl of heat at the noise Steve made deep in his chest. His hands tightened on the arms of his chair again, this time with the desire to curl his hands in Steve’s hair, to pull him down and draw more sounds from him. But once he started, he didn’t know if he would be able stop. Like a drowning man yearning for land, Tony ached for Steve, but he couldn’t reach for what he wanted. Not so long as his life belonged to Stane.
When he got out to the small shed that served as the barn he found the horse, a big, sturdy draft horse, already hitched to the cart, its head dwarfing Tony’s as it nosed around him for treats. Tony laughed as it almost knocked him over and gave up the carrot he’d been hiding. Steve paused for a moment, watching, before the bowl in his hands reminded him of his errand.
“Yes, yes, please, yes,” Steve chanted. He wanted so badly to touch himself that he had to grab at the pillow under his head to stifle the urge. But he could feel the strength of Stark’s need and gloried in it, the desperation in his hands as they tightened on Steve’s hips and held him still for Stark's cock.
“You should ask that again, but in front of Natasha,” he said, flicking the reins and clicking his tongue at the draft horse pulling the wagon, who flicked its ears backwards and started stepping a little livelier. “I’ll be sure to be standing a few feet away, just in case.” He gave Steve a wry glance. “It may be hard to believe, but I haven’t actually slept with every person in Paris.”
“You could be my guest.” When Steve looked reluctant, Bucky took his elbow and pulled him to the side.  “In all seriousness, I would like you there. You’ve been traveling in these circles more than I, and I’ll need someone to watch my back.”
Steve rushed inside only to slow as he approached Bucky’s bed. He wasn’t sure if Bucky looked better or worse now that he was clean and bandaged; the white of the bandages against his skin brought the sheer number of his injuries into sharp relief, and without the dirt on his skin it was easier to see the mottled blue-purple of his bruises. He hovered over Bucky’s bed for a moment, before he knelt and brought a hand up to stroke over his hair, the crown of Bucky’s head being one of the few places that didn’t seem to be injured.
“It means I've already ruined my life once for a man who hated the part of himself that loves me. I'm not doing it again, even if that means living without love in the first place.”
“Tell me these are safe,” Bucky demanded. The paper was shaking in his hands. “Tell me you know exactly where they are, and they are safely under lock and key.”
“You know damn well that’s not what-” Stane stopped himself before he started an old argument anew. Tony watched with interest as the scowl on Stane’s face cleared and returned to the genial, avuncular smile from before, though this time it was seeming a little forced. “Well, what’s done is done. What I was trying to say, is that Howard and I were discussing the possibility of combining our estates. The title would no longer be in the Stark family, but at least the estates wouldn’t go to a stranger.”
On the other side of the castle, Tony heard an alarm bell ring; as he’d feared, the escaping knights had alerted the watchmen guarding the stables, who would soon be waking the entire castle. He closed his eyes and prayed for forgiveness for using those men as a distraction, then followed Natasha and Steve out the gate.
They made it back to their horses, hidden in the closest copse of trees, without raising any new alarms. Barnes had woken briefly as they’d tried to situate him on the horse, and Steve had been forced to put a hand over his mouth to stifle his screams of pain before he passed out again. Eventually they tied him to Steve’s back, wrapping his arms around Steve’s middle before lashing his hands to the pommel of the saddle.  Tony prayed again, this time that Barnes would survive the race to Tony’s estate two days away, and then they kicked their horses into a run.
“I see,” Stark said when Steve finished. A finger stroked down Steve’s spine, from his nape to the small of his back, then dipped into the valley between Steve’s cheeks, making him tense up and tremble with forbidden excitement. “You think of what it would feel like to be mounted as a stallion does a mare,” Stark breathed into Steve’s ear, as the finger stroked up and down the top of the crease of Steve’s without venturing farther, a cruel tease that made Steve feel strangely empty. The touch and the promise in his voice made Steve’s heart race even faster, his breathing ragged. “Is that right?” Steve nodded, completely unable to find words at that moment, and felt Stark take a step back. “Well, now that I understand the severity of this sin, I have decided on your penance. Are you ready?”
,” Stark said.  “They are but words, as insubstantial as air and just as meaningful.” Steve was stunned by the vicious bitterness in Stark’s words, and it made his frustrated anger gutter out like a candle.  He sat back down heavily in his chair and stared across the table at Stark, whose hands were white knuckled on his knife and fork as he cut into his food with unnecessary brutality.
“Hmph.” Natasha still sounded disgruntled but looked more unhappy and worried than anything else, and Tony felt terrible about how scared she must have been. He put an arm on her elbow to tug her closer and even though she gave him another pointed look, she let him pull her into a hug. “That’s fifteen Hail Marys and an entire night in the chapel praying for wisdom,” she said, voice muffled as she pressed her face into his shoulder.
“Send him south,” Natasha said without hesitation, echoing Tony’s thoughts. “Though he should have been gone weeks ago, when he first got here.”
“What-” Steve braced himself quickly for the extra weight as Natasha took a running leap towards him, jumping lightly from his thigh to scramble up to Tony’s shoulders. Steve grimaced for a moment as he bore the weight of both of them, then there was the slight scrape of metal against stone and the extra weight was gone.
“Thank you for accepting my invitation,” Stark said, standing to greet him as he entered, waving a hand towards a chair that had been set up on the other side of a heavily ladened table.  “I’m glad you came.”
“Good work, Tony. You really came through.” He nudged Steve with his boot, grimacing with distaste. “I’ll let you dispose of this one, shall I?”
“Huh,” Tony said. He put the drawing back in their chest and ostentatiously put his papers away, hoping that Steve got the message:
Sam looked at him approvingly. “An infidel that knows the wisdom of al-Kindi,” he said. “Will wonders never cease. Yes, I did use al-Kindi’s methods. My family moved from Baghdad to al-Andalus, and we brought his knowledge with us.” He patted the barrels fondly. “We have started a distillery in Al-Barracin and I had the idea to start selling our goods to the rich infidels to the north.”
“I don’t know.”  Steve had to look away because the question stabbed right to the heart of his pain.  What will he do, where will he go, when the life that he’d made was crumbling before his eyes?  Was he still a Templar when the order no longer existed? Were he and his brothers being tested, like Job? The more he tried to pray for answers, the farther and farther he felt from God.
Steve was silent for a long time, but eventually the words forced themselves from his throat from where he’d been trying to keep them behind his teeth for days now. “I can’t help thinking that we might already be too late,” he whispered. “If we are…”
was supposed to be safe; he felt like he was freefalling, like the ground beneath his feet had become thin air.  Besides Bucky, he didn’t even know anyone else in Paris – “Cardinal Stark,” he said without thinking.
“Please, call me Tony,” he said as he pulled up a chair next to the bed. Steve sliced an apple and offered him one, but Tony waved it away with a shake of his head. “How are you feeling?” He asked instead, studying the still purple bruises on Bucky’s face.
“He’s hitching up our cart to take you and your friend to Chateau d’Angers.” She sat back in her chair while Edwin passed out bowls and spooned porridge in them, then set out dried fruit and honey on the table before sitting down as well. "I checked in on you both while you were sleeping and I told Lord Antoine that I thought your friend is well enough to move on. As long as you don't force him atop a horse again."
“No problem, I understand. I’m sorry to be the one to give you the news, but I’m glad I was able to be here for you,” Stane said as they sat. Tony noticed distantly that his father’s desk was untidy, like he’d been in the middle of working on something when he’d walked away from it. He tightened his jaw and turned away, sitting across from Stane.
was an ass,” he said. An impulse had Steve reaching for the bottle, and with raised eyebrows Tony handed it over. “I was wrong, and I’m sorry.”
“This may have only worsened my struggle,” Steve said. His hands ached to reach out and touch Stark the way Stark had touched him, so completely; he wondered if he’d ever be allowed, or if this was Stark’s way of holding him at a distance. “I fear now I will only have a greater temptation to resist.”
“I’m fine,” Steve assured him. “Just tired.” During dinner, Stark made no indication that he knew Steve or had any particular business with him, so Steve assumed that he would find out the reason for Stark’s visit later, after everyone had said evening prayers and gone to bed.
“You’re so…” Steve felt the strong need to go take a walk to get a grip on the strength of the feelings making his chest feel tight, but he was also rooted to the floor as Tony lifted his chin.
pure and simple. Jealous of our power, greed for our gold. They wanted what we had so they wrapped their words in scripture and took what they wanted. God doesn’t do that. Men do. So as far as I’m concerned, I’ll find my own path to God, and the Church can go hang,” Bucky said defiantly, jaw set as if he expected Steve to argue with him.
“Sam. Clint. Take James to the cells and chain him up, then come back to help us do the same for Steve,” Bucky ordered.
Before Steve could complete the kiss, PJ shuddered in Tony’s arms, promptly leaning up to throw up over Tony’s shoulder, the back of his hoodie, and onto the floor. There was a pause and Steve promptly burst into laughter again, clutching at his chest and throwing his head back as he cackled. Tony scrunched his eyes shut, feeling the liquid start to seep into his clothes with a heavy sigh.
“No, no. We are already here, he can last a little longer. If he really was tired, he would be making a racket like you have never heard before,” Tony said, “Is the forge next?”
“Is it dirty?” he pressed on, slipping his hands into the back pockets of Tony’s jeans to squeeze his ass, “Why can’t I read porn my husband wrote when he wasn’t even legal yet?”
“Sorry, darling. Bruce wants me to come to the infirmary for a bit so you can rest,” Tony said apologetically, moving close enough to cup Steve’s cheek, “However, he wants me to leave Peter here, to keep you company and help you feel better. Is that alright? Do you mind looking after him for a while?”
Steve looked surprised, but then made a face of understanding and nodded, leaning down to kiss his cheek. Rhodey made a gagging sound from somewhere behind them but Tony ignored it, nuzzling into Steve.
Tony peeked open an eye just in time to see Steve hobble over to the crib, carefully picking Peter up to nestle on his shoulder. He shushed the babe and rocked back and forth while rubbing slow circles on his back. There must have been witchcraft involved, for Peter’s cries dissolved into sniffles and then soft snores. The whole room seemed to let out a sigh of relief; Steve gently eased Peter down into his arms with a smile and tucked him back into his cradle. Before he could turn around, Tony closed his eye again to keep from getting caught.
“Would either of you have guessed that a bunch of us went into the armed forces?” Rhodey said, changing the subject to try to put Steve at ease.
“Behave for the Captain. I’ll see you guys in a bit,” he said at a normal volume as he walked out the door, “Remember to feed him and make him drink
Steve grunted and draped his cloak around Tony, ducking his head so all three of them were hidden in the semi-darkness. The Prime smiled and nosed at Tony’s cheek, whispering soft words that loosened his taut shoulders despite not understanding the language. Even Peter seemed to find comfort, for the babe’s wails dwindled to quiet whines, bearable enough that Tony could move the baby back up to his shoulder.
Steve dropped his eyes to the bed and nodded, fiddling with the furs to keep his hands occupied. It might have been funny, to see a large man seem so small, but all Tony felt was a pang of sympathy for him. Steve wanted to do what was right, but one thing after another continued to trip him up.
The nurse looked unimpressed, but nodded, waiting for Tony to stand before ushering them both over to a gurney. Tony quickly picked PJ up and set him on the bed before sitting on it himself, only showing any signs of pain when the nurse began to poke at the mess of bruises on his left side.
He must have visibly winced, for Steve’s eyes immediately filled with tears and he sat up, managing to slip his legs off of the bed before Tony could grab onto him.
Bruce nodded, holding his hand out as PJ reached out to try and grab at his coat. He couldn’t help but smile fondly at the child, letting him play with the cuff.
Tony rolled his eyes and went up on his tiptoes to kiss Steve, laughing when small grubby hands pushed at his face in protest.
“Yes, I love you, you dweeb,” he repeated, “I don’t think I would have willingly tried to give a toddler a sponge bath if I didn’t. You don’t—don’t feel pressured to say it back, alright? I’ve known that I’ve loved you since the moment we met, if you need time, then it—”
He managed to get to the closet to dress for the day, opting for loose clothes on his sore body. The stupid nursing garment stared at him from one of the drawers, but since Steve was asleep Tony stuck his tongue out at it and left it where it was. With one last glance over at the Warlord--
“Are you hungry?” Thor asked next to his ear, nearly startling him, “After your audience, I will see to it that you and the young one are fed.”
Tony grunted, folding his arms over his chest while Steve got to work washing his body. He wanted to be angry at him for not ravishing him right away, but soon the warm water and Steve’s gentle massages relaxed him enough to fully lean back against Steve’s chest. He thought he might fall asleep there, but Steve’s hand brushed lightly over top of his right nipple and he moaned breathily, arching up into the touch.
Sighing, she gracefully stood, jogging a little to catch up to them. As soon as she fell into step, PJ happily trotted along, his thumb back in his mouth as he looked around, attempting to take everything in.
of you to safety,” the Warlord said, nodding to direct Tony to follow him, “Out here—the forest is not always protected. Anyone could have gotten to you both when you are this far removed from the colony. If you were willing to take that risk, I have no doubt that your need is mighty. I will make sure our Prime Alpha sees you as soon as we reach the city.”
“Yeah, we’re good. I’m assuming you don’t want to fraternize in front of the larger children?” Steve murmured, reaching up to gently squeeze Tony’s bicep, “Don’t worry. Everything’ll be okay, we’ll get Zola, and I’ll be back in time to try your cooking.”
“I…see. Why did he give this back to me? I thought Steve—uh, the Prime, was going to keep it,” Tony asked.
PJ froze at that, confusion and relief flickering across his face as he pulled his arm back in to tuck under his body. Tony merely looked up and shared a look with Steve, seeing his concern mirrored on the Captain’s face.
“Our best archer, Clinton Barton,” Thor said, switching to the Southern dialect for Tony’s benefit, “His pinpoint accuracy with a longbow is unparalleled. He, along with our falconer, train and keep our band of fellows. He knows pieces of your language, but he prefers to speak with his hands.”
“You need a shower,” he said, smiling when Steve giggled into his side, “You do. Maybe I can convince the nurse to let you join me?”
. At least, it worked enough to get me out of there. Yinsen—he never planned on leaving. They’d murdered his family and he had been planning to sacrifice himself for me the whole time so I could escape. Steve—”
They had worked more solid foods into the toddler’s diet, but mornings were Daddy and Peter time, and Tony could not help but feel a wave of loss each time he thought about Peter being fully weaned. He wanted his boy to stay little and innocent and not privy to the world, but they all had to grow up eventually. Right now, though, he was still a tot, so Tony tried to focus on being in the moment. As soon as he finished dressing he crawled back up on the bed and laid down on his back, holding his arms out. Peter giggled and crawled up to him, plopping himself down next to him at chest-level.
Tony gave a mock salute and slowly sat up, carefully bouncing the tot to wake him up. Peter’s sleepy doe eyes blinked up at him and he looked around, only to start to sniffle in Tony’s arms.
PJ looked up at Tony, but he seemed to understand, sitting up so Tony could carefully lean forward to smooch his temple. The boy carefully cuddled himself up to Tony again, a small sniffle escaping him as he tucked his face into Tony’s shirt.
He tried to shake him, but no response came from the oddly still body. Tony tried calling his name a few more times, but no response came from PJ. Terror rippling through his muscles, he quickly reached out to check the boy’s pulse, weak but fluttering under his fingertips.
Looking up, Tony grinned, watching Natasha pad into the room in her pajamas and sit down on the bed next to him.
Tony could only hide his face in Peter’s cheek, biting back the shame that swept through him when dry fingers prodded around his hole. It was
Theoretically, feeding should not hurt, but Bruce had been right—his left breast did feel less sore than it had in the morning, and the now-apparent swelling had gone down by a considerable amount. The thought that this would become a regular occurrence brought the taste of the medicine back to his mouth, so Tony pushed the thoughts aside and began to clean them both down. Peter was surprisingly pliant through his bath, not even protesting when Tony peeled his hands off of his chest to clean them.
The elevator halted and started moving upwards again, only to stop and open at the communal kitchen. Moping, Steve trudged to the freezer, ignoring the way his heart sank when he pulled out a tub of Butter Pecan. He grabbed a spoon and headed for the couch, curling up on the end with his head perched on the arm. Sighing, Steve tucked into the ice cream, about to call it all moot when the couch dipped and a heavy body was soon sprawled over his own.
“A lot more than you think,” he finally said, “I was hoping you would not ask, but I suppose it would be wrong to keep it from you.”
Nodding, Natasha said her goodnight before scurrying away, leaving Tony alone once more. Looking around the room, he finally pushed himself to his feet, looting the room for PJ’s pajamas and new training pants. He set the clothes on the counter in the bathroom, turning to look out at the room with a hum. Taking in the child’s things, spread out to maximize coziness and homeliness, Tony could only find one thought in his mind:
Tony shared a look with Steve before they sat down, each bracing themselves as Natasha began to detail the torture to them. Phrases like
Steve pouted but didn’t offer up an answer, making the kids laugh. Thankfully, the drive from the school to the mansion was only a few minutes, so they were all soon distracted by staring out of the limo windows, gasping up at the building.
was going to be an interesting challenge. Rhodey was close to his height and weight, but Steve had half of a foot of height on him and was at least 50 pounds heavier, all in muscle. There was no way he could brute force his way through a fight. He was going to have to be sly about it, hence the concentration. One peep from Peter could distract him and put his ass on the mat.
He wished Peter could talk already, but the boy’s babbling was more than enough for the moment. Pretending as though Pete was answering him, Tony continued on their ‘conversation,’ only pausing once he was satisfied with their bath and stood to get out. He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror and frowned, taking in his scraggly features and dark under-eyes.
“Oh, god, I’m so sorry, baby boy, I didn’t mean it,” Tony begged, sliding down to his knees, “PJ, I’m sorry, honey—”
“Whoa, Stark, take it easy,” Bucky’s voice filtered into his head as the man’s blurry face came into view, “Sit back. I’ll take him up to Steve. You need to rest. Don’t worry, we can handle the squirt for a bit.”
“Nice job,” Natasha commented, idly picking at her one chipped nail, “Didn’t take you for a boy scout.”
“You are…. surprising,” Natasha commented, turning to him with a raised brow, “Where did you learn childcare like this?”
They looked at each other for a moment before bursting into laughter, however sad it was. Startled by the noise, PJ sat up, looking at the two adults in confusion. He slipped his thumb into his mouth with a soft whine, tugging on his pajama shirt.
“Is he seriously doing that right now?” Rhodey grunted, earning another elbow to the gut, “What, are you buddy-buddy now?”
Steve had to lunge forward to keep Tony down on the bed, pressing lightly on his shoulders. Tony merely waggled his eyebrows and winked up at him, grinning when Steve flushed.
He looked up at Nat to catch a wisp of a smile, which was just as good as a boisterous laugh. Comforted, he relaxed and let her slide an arm around him again.
He leaned down to kiss the tot’s forehead and held him close, then rocked them back and forth in a comforting manner. It would have been nice, except for the fact that he could hear the increasingly loud whispers coming from those across the room. Did they not know that it was very rude to talk about someone right in front of them? Tony thought about telling them off, but then the following silence that dampened the room sent chills down his spine. Slowly, he raised his head and found himself looking into Steve’s eyes mere inches from his face.
“What has got you all riled, love? Are you scared?” Tony murmured, putting Peter up to his other shoulder in the hopes that the skin-to-skin contact would help him calm, “You have been good with sleeping, surely you cannot be tired?”
“What did he say,” Tony snapped, his heart pounding in his chest at the pity that spread across Thor’s face.
“Ah. The experiment,” Fury said once the team approached, his one eye fixed on the child, “Good. Bring him in.”
“Hey, now there’s a good sound,” He said softly, clearly laying on his boyish charm, “You have a cute laugh, kiddo.”
about to acknowledge. Instead, he rolled his head down to look at the babe attached to his nipple, finally quiet as he suckled his meal.
to have to suddenly be a father. Hell, you’re barely what, twenty-six? You should be out living life,” Tony replied, ignoring the twist in his gut, “I can take care of him. You—you can take a get out of jail free card here. It’s okay. I mean, I understand, he’s also mine so I get it if parenthood with the least capable of the team seems like the worst idea in the world—”
“I already told you, I am not feeding him from my breast, even though you want me to,” Tony said, wishing he felt well so he could properly glare at Steve, “I said
Bucky shoved him, getting the message to Steve as they abandoned the vehicle and took up positions, keeping aim on the object. As it got closer, Steve began to see what it was and held up a fist.
“Sorry, honey. I know it is not fun, but you would not like soap in your eyes,” he said, immediately tucking Peter back into place once he was done, “See? Not so bad. Now, all you have to do is lay there while I finish up. Then we can have some Daddy-Peter time, yeah?”
“Now be kind to whoever this person is when we go down there,” he said seriously, hardening his tone, “Regardless of being one of Howard’s men, I refuse to be apart of something violent. Understand?”
He picked his head up when Bruce stood, allowing the doctor to help him up from his chair so he could find comfort in the man’s gentle touches. Together, they walked down to the Prime’s bedroom, where Tony could finally put Peter down in his bassinet for a nap.
-dest things!” Rhodey cooed right back, also pitching his voice up as he attempted to not laugh, “I can’t be-
“Good job, buddy. You’re already ahead of the curve,” Tony praised, kneeling back down, “I have to touch again just to make sure you’re all cleaned up, okay? Then we have to wash hands and we’re done. Can you do that for me?”
to me, little one,” He murmured once he was calm, “I think I’ll keep you on goat’s milk for now, love.”
“You’re telling me,” Steve sighed, finally dressed in SHIELD-issued sweatpants and one of Tony’s biggest shirts, “I’m fine. Banged up, but I’ll live, which is the important part.”
“I will be fine by myself. What I need is you all to take care of Peter for however long this goes on.”
“You two really need to communicate better,” Pepper hummed, picking up one of Tony’s hands to start massaging his palm, “Plus, I don’t think Steve would actually get up and leave if you made a simple joke. It’s probably more than that.”
“We got in touch with most of everyone. The only one in the area I could think of inviting was Peg, but I thought that might be too much. I set up a group chat so we can keep them updated with Tony’s condition, okay?”
“He’s concussed,” An unfamiliar voice said as prodding on his arms made him squirm in pain, “And…I think we need to take him in for a formal exam.”
“Honestly. He seems like a whole new man and you have only been here for two seasons,” Sam chimed in.
“I honestly expected to have to convince you,” Natasha murmured, “You’re a better man than you think, Tony.”
Steve put his hands on his hips and stared down at him until Tony averted his gaze, pulling up his furs a bit higher as if they would protect him.
“The Prime does not want me to accompany you today. Perhaps he wishes to spend some alone time with you,” Thor said with a smile, “I will have Barton trail you in case a situation arises in which you need a translator. Enjoy the markets, Tony.”
“You two better keep this to yourselves,” Steve said seriously, drawing himself up to his full height and putting on his Captain America voice, “Understand, soldiers?”
“Sorry, sorry, just—we’ll finish this after this gets cleaned up,” Steve said apologetically as he took PJ from his arms, “Do you need help?”
He held out a hand to Steve and helped him step into the warm water, only letting go once he was sure the other man was settled. He knelt by the bath and gently swirled the water with his hand, attempting to diffuse some of the heat of the water. It was strange, to willingly participate in an act that he had previously deemed as overtly gendered, but if Steve would wash his feet, Tony had no issue with washing Steve’s body.
be the big green man. He puts his hand on someone else’s hand and for whatever reason it helps him to calm down. I’m not really sure if you totally get—”
“It is done, darling, you will be alright,” Tony soothed, patting the hand that had loosened around his hip, “Is that the only one? None on your back?”
“My name is Anthony, and I hail from the Southern tip, from the city of Ma’atan, ruled by the king Howard Stark and the queen Maria Stark,” he said with a slightly quivering voice as he tried to ignore Thor translating next to him, “I have come seeking refuge from my home. I fear for my life.”
The room was silent as they all looked at the child perched on Natasha’s hip. PJ yawned and stretched before tucking himself back into her neck, a peaceful look on his little face.
“Aren’t I supposed to say that?” Steve Rogers called, trudging over from the edge of the woods with the Hulk in tow.
As soon as it left his mouth, Tony stopped, fear gripping him once again. He was more than thankful for Steve’s hospitality and willingness to protect them, but at what cost? The thought of being bound to an Alpha in eternal submission made him sick, and to have a child of his own womb was so distressing that he banished the train of thought for fear of heaving up his dinner. As the fates would have it, Steve and Thor returned at that moment, the former immediately noticing that something was wrong. He spoke to Thor, then placed a hand on Tony’s forehead and peered into his eyes.
He huffed softly, feeling his initial anger melt into concern. Shaking his head, Tony stepped forward into Steve’s personal space, ducking his head to try and meet PJ’s sleepy gaze.
Leaning up at the voice, Tony hissed as pain ripped through his side again, but quickly bottled it up when he saw the top slat of the door open.
Bucky left and shut the door behind himself, leaving Steve and Tony to stare at each other while Peter slept. Steve stepped forward and Tony immediately flinched, making the Warlord pause and fill the bond with hurt again.
“No, Rhodey. He treats me well. You will just have to get used to him being around with me,” Tony said, “Honestly, Rhodes. He
“You are a good mother to him, Tony. Being willing to stand up to the Prime shows that,” Bruce said softly, all of the fight gone from his voice, “I will pass on your message, but please—be easy on him. He has lived a life much different from yours and is only trying to ease your transition here the best way he knows how. I have no doubt that if you asked, he would go and try to move the mountains for you. Whether or not you believe it, the Prime wants nothing but to give you a good, safe life. You
“Oh, do not be so grumpy. It is sweet how mushy you are with each other,” Bucky said as he sat down next to him, “It is good to see you and Steve so… connected.”
“Alright. But right now, I need to go feed this kid since Barton made him sick on accident,” he sighed, pouting at Rhodey’s chuckle, “I really wish I was kidding. It was gross, man. I thought I could handle bodily fluids since I’ve got the reactor and have to stick my hand into that grossness, but—”
Settling for ‘who the fuck knows’ as to their location, Tony was about to turn to sink down into his seat when a familiar whizzing sound came oddly close to the truck, and a very pointy arrowhead stared back at them, lodged into the door.
“Idiot. I have put my ass on the line for you multiple times, and you think I would suddenly desert you over proper suckling? You really are stupider than I thought.”
“You can come too, if you’d like. But I can handle him,” He said slowly, expecting a fight, “Nightmares aren’t exactly uncommon in this household.”
The boy responded by tapping Steve’s hand, starting to walk away. Tony watched as the two left, an unfamiliar warmth filling his chest. He sat down on PJ’s bed, picking up the tear-and-snot-stained elephant to clean off with a tissue. Sighing softly, he looked at the plush animal, tilting his head.
Tony set PJ down on his feet, both men following after the tot as he raced toward his bedroom. They made sure he got into the bathroom okay before relaxing, with Steve wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist.
“Done already? You must be quite tired from keeping Uncle Bruce up all night,” Tony murmured in Northern for Steve’s benefit.
“Yeah. Oh, yeah. Babies aren’t…well…it depends,” Tony said, “Personally, I like babies. Quiet ones. Loud, colicky babies can be a nuisance, but it’s really not their fault. You have to be especially careful with them, that’s all. And patient.”
“Stane is the man who was holding you captive,” Steve said, thoughts racing. "What he is doing here, i have no idea."
Steve drained his cup of wine and stood.  “The only good news is that if they are trying this hard to get to me, that means they don’t have Bucky.  He’s still safe.”  When Stark was suspiciously quiet, he turned and his stomach dropped at the look on Stark’s face.
“Rodgers looks at you like he doesn’t know whether he wants to fight you or fuck you,” she said bluntly, surprising a laugh out of Tony. He started shaking his head in protest and she jumped down off the bed. “I’m serious,” she insisted as she tucked Tony’s papers into a hidden pocket of her habit. “Sister Virginia agrees, and so would Brother Peter if he could tell sexual tension from a hole in the ground.”
Natasha led them to a farm that was set off the main road and had them park the wagon behind the barn where it couldn’t be seen. Tony expected the farm to be abandoned, but it was clearly still lived in, with a tidy stack of firewood by the house and linen drying on the line.
“Yes, thank God,” Tony said with a deep breath and long exhale, trying to get his heart to stop racing because it was only making his headache worse.
“You tried to rob him and he gave you a job?” He pressed. That didn’t seem like the kind of thing that really happened to people, but honestly, he could see Stark doing something like that.
It must not have been a very good smile, though, because Steve still looked concerned. “What’s wrong?”
Steve was already jumping out of the wagon as Tony pulled to a stop. He fumbled for the latch to the hidden compartment for the swords and threw his hands up in frustration when it didn't immediately open. “Stay here,” he ordered. “I’ll check it out.”
“I am sorry for dinner,” Steve whispered, unable to look Tony in the eyes, “I know you told me to behave, but--I do not know what got into me. I usually have such control over my nature, and yet one small act of possession flipped something in me. I do not think I could have stopped, even if I tried.”
“JARVIS told us to take a car from the garage,” Steve explained as he shrugged into the clothing and strapped the shield to his back, “It’s a, uh, black car. Sleek. Mustang, I think.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt,” he drawled, holding up his hands defensively, “I just have a very pouty super soldier on my hands and I figured the easiest way to ask what’s wrong is to go to you first.”
“Shhh,” Steve shushed from Tony’s side, reaching up blindly to wave his hand at the others, “Tired. Sleep.”
Embarrassed, Tony made up the bed, then went to check on Peter. The babe was still asleep, blissfully unaware of his father’s gaffe. He did not want to wake the infant, but he did not want to face Steve by himself, so he scooped Peter up into his arms and gently kissed his head, watching him slowly wake up.
is a perfluorocarbon liquid. But, he does have a mask on, so maybe that can pump the liquid from his lungs, or it’s prevented liquid from getting in there in the first place.”
“You’re Mr. Stark-Rogers’ husband, yes?” she asked, carefully sitting down next to him, “Could you fill out this information for me?”
“Hey you. I was bringing you an express delivery, but I kinda got held up in Brooklyn,” he explained, his voice muffled by Natasha’s shoulder.
“I do not want him to get hurt on accident if he can reach it,” Tony said sadly, not really wanting to let the warm cloak go.
Tony’s laugh was rough and forced him into a coughing fit, but it was still a laugh. He gratefully accepted the cup of water offered to him, drinking from the straw Bucky poked into his mouth. Once he’d had enough, he relaxed back against the bed, turning a dopey smile to him.
The longer he stayed to shape and sharpen the new sword, the more drained and woozy Tony felt. He knew it was due to the lack of food and sleep he had had recently, yet a small voice in the back of his head pushed him to think about the blade in his hands. Truthfully, he hated making weaponry. Though he was a smith by trade, he wanted his ironwork to go into building machines. It was Howard that had guided his talents toward weapons, and because of that, he was damn good at making them. If he thought about it for too long, it made him ill. Technically, none of the Warlords were
,” Thor said quietly, “He would like to take care of you, himself. You are unclaimed, and he has been searching for a worthy mate. You would not have to bond right away, but he would like you to stay in his quarters, where he can woo you and bed you.”
“You okay?” He whispered, leaning over so Principal Fury couldn’t hear from where he was reading the announcements at the front of the room.
Taking his place between the goalposts, Tony got into position, waiting for Richards’ whistle to begin. Thankfully, soccer came as second-nature to him, as it was nothing but complicated chess on a field. The X-Men were particularly easy to play against, considering each of the team members tended to have their own moves or skill sets that were easy to pick out. However, the last thing Tony expected was to have the new kid manage to zip up, kick up and roundhouse the ball directly into his chest to slam up into his chin, fast enough that it knocked him backward into the net. Groaning, Tony rolled over in the grass, clutching at his chest as pain flared in his small body; he heard Clint yelling at him, but he pushed himself to his knees, only to vomit into the grass as the pain started to become unbearable.
He had not realized that he had begun to cry again until Bruce reached over and wiped the tears from his face. Humiliated, Tony ducked his head, glaring at his bed furs when a gentle hand laid on his shoulder.
Tony frowned at that and turned around, only to suck in a breath at the sight of Steve’s nude form. He knew he was staring, but Steve made no mention of it; he only smiled and walked into the lake up to his waist.
Steve let out a soft giggle after reading that line, biting his tongue to keep from outright laughing. Even back then did Tony know that he was going to be more of an ‘ask for forgiveness, not permission’ person? Plus, he couldn’t help but agree with fictional Bucky—he did care a lot about Tony and wanted him to be safe, especially in battle.
“No. Relieved, actually,” he admitted, moving to rinse out the washcloth again, “We fought a lot over the years on how to tell you,
“No, love,” he said as he barely managed to keep the annoyance out of his voice, “You know it would be unlikely to happen outside of heat, and Peter is still too young. We have
“Really?” Steve snorted from his seat at the counter, idly playing with the ends of PJ’s hair, “I mean, I’m not surprised that it’s from Switzerland, I’m surprised you know how to sift something.”
“No. You are now my bodyguard until this is over,” Tony said flatly, instantly feeling calmer when the familiar weight was tucked up against his chest, “He is either going into a rut or thinks sex is the best form of claiming, and I am not going to be the one to stab his balls if he tries it again.”
The more he let the name perch on the end of his tongue, the more Tony decided it wasn’t too bad of a name.
He nodded and stood, having to pat Steve’s hands to get him to let go. He wedged himself in between Natasha and Clinton’s seats, hoping that neither Warlord could smell his discomfort.
“Of course? How could I not be?” Tony said, the words tumbling out before he could stop himself, “He is an
. That’s pretty awesome. I like counting myself. I’d love to teach you to count higher, if you want. I bet you could learn to count to
leave without a word. He sighed and thumped his fist on the bed in frustration, running his hand through his hair.
He sat down with his kindling and twigs next to Natasha’s stone pit and quickly built up a sustainable pyre, lighting the kindling underneath of it and blowing on the embers to coax out a fire. As it was consuming the twigs, Tony added on more, nodding once he determined it would burn for a while. At least, long enough until he could get logs.
“Yes sir, Mr. Fury, sir,” Clint called out, saluting as he turned around in his desk, “Sir, if I may say so, your culturally inappropriate bindi looks very nice today—”
“I know, I know. I am starting to accept that. It may take Rhodey longer… he has watched over me for a long time and can be suspicious of others’ intentions. You might have to pull out the stops to impress him, yeah?”
“Actually, no. When I first started with the church I was a priest at a lowly diocese a day's ride from my father's estate. Everything I have now I built myself.”
Tony’s laugh at that was sharp and bitter, like nothing Steve had heard from him before. “What makes you think something’s wrong?” he said. He used the bottle to wave at the elegant furnishings of the room, the thick rugs and art on the walls. “I’m back in my element, right? My silk sheets, I think you said? The only thing I’m missing is someone to warm my bed, but that shouldn’t be difficult, I’m sure I could find-”
The vaguely familiar voice brought Steve up short, and when Natasha stopped in front of a stout iron-clad door he was stunned to see Hassam standing there. "What-"
The unexpected question broke Tony's resentful reverie. "No," he said slowly. He had never thought about it, but the Iron Cardinal had grown out of an impulse entirely unrelated to his father. "No, that was...an accident, really."
“Good,” Tony said eventually, pushing away from the table to stand. “I need to prepare, so if you need anything from the room, just knock first.”
“I’ll inquire,” Brother Peter said, drying his pen and setting it to the side.  After a few moments he returned and gestured for Steve to go upstairs.
Steve’s thoughts shattered as the finger withdrew and then two were sliding in with the same gentle but inexorable pressure as the first had, the renewed stretch taking Steve’s breath away. The fingers pulled out and slid in again, and Steve buried his face in the pillow, stifling his moan. There was another sharp smack on his ass where the pain of the first slap had faded to a dull heat, making Steve’s cock throb. “Don’t deny your God the sounds of your fervor,” Stark said sternly. “Praise to the heavenly father should always be on your lips.”
“From what I hear, he’s been in residence for a couple of weeks now,” Edwin said. “That’s why I was a little surprised to hear you say that you would be going there as soon as your friend can be moved.”
“Well, the mead is for the innkeeper. As for the other,” Tony shrugged and looked at him with wry amusement. “Are you sure you want my sins on your conscience?”
“One moment and I’ll explain.”  As he walked by Steve to ring the bell for Brother Peter, Stark shoved Steve down into a chair with surprising strength. “Stay.”  Outside the door, Steve heard Stark give Brother Peter instructions to have Sister Natasha keep an eye on the man in Steve’s room and try to get as much information as she could without giving anything away.
The mention of Tony snapped Steve out of his bemusement and he looked down at the chest. Nestled in sturdy silk were the relics, easily recognizable from the sketches Steve had seen. From Bucky’s awed reverence whenever he spoke of them, he expected that being in their presence would feel different, somehow remarkable, but instead they looked banal. He started to reach in but Natasha grabbed his wrist. “What’s wrong with Tony?” she asked, and Steve didn’t even question how she knew.
Then there was a bright flare of sensation, part pain and part pleasure, as Stark bit Steve's neck hard enough to bruise and Steve came with a shout, his release almost painful in its intensity; his body tightened around Stark’s thickness as he came and he felt Stark shudder at the sensation, making his climax spiral even higher. His entire body throbbed with each pulse of his cock, like his orgasm was being pulled from his very bones. As the waves ebbed, leaving a shivery sort of sensitivity in their wake, Steve realized Stark was murmuring praise in his ear, telling him how good he was, how perfect and lovely. The words made Steve feel like he had swallowed the sun and his breathing went ragged as he struggled against the sudden tightness in his throat. Stark held him close as he composed himself, one arm around his chest while the other cupped his softening cock. Steve told himself he was probably imagining the press of lips to the nape of his neck before Stark guided him to his elbows again, withdrawing gently and cleaning up their mess with a soft rag, dabbing at Steve’s sore hole where, to Steve’s chagrin, he could still feel himself leaking. When they were both as clean as they could get without a bath, Stark helped Steve into his clothes in a warm, gentle silence, hands and bodies meeting with unnecessary touches. Steve wanted to kiss him so badly that he bit his lip against the temptation.
There was a pause and Steve said, “I understand,” voice carefully regulated, and Tony let out a bark of laughter when he realized what Steve was thinking.
you were just going to let yourself die without telling me and Pepper,” she hissed, jabbing a finger in his chest. “All that nonsense about wanting us to take over Iron Cardinal business so we could have more security and power, that was such
"Well, one of the benefits of being a clergyman is that I get to skip straight to the forgiveness part. It's very efficient."
There was a breathless moment while Stark studied him, gaze dark and puzzled, and then he opened the door and stepped back to let Steve inside.  “Come in,” he said, and Steve let out a long exhale in relief.  “Tell me everything.”
“Steve,” came Tony’s flat response. Hardly a welcome, but Steve came in anyway. Tony was slouched in a high backed armchair, legs stretched towards a dying fire in the fireplace. A half-empty bottle of wine hung carelessly from one hand. “What are you doing here?” Tony asked as Steve came in, eyes flickering up to look at him before returning to the fire. “Did Barnes cough up the relics yet?”
Tony’s mouth went dry and he inhaled sharply as all of his blood rushed south, a wave of heat flashing through his veins. He knew well how long it had been since Steve's last
“Today through our ministry, I anoint you with a new grace and consecrate you to God,” Stark said, his thrusts deep and hard but too slow; if he rode this edge between need and release for too much longer, Steve thought he might go mad. He shivered, body tightening around Stark’s cock and the steady pace of Stark’s thrusts quickened. “Keep the glory of your virginity uncorrupted by pride,” Stark said breathlessly, and Steve could feel that Stark’s control had slipped; his gut clenched, thrilling at the thought. He started rocking backwards, trying to meet Stark’s thrusts, not even trying to swallow the sounds that were punched out of him each time Stark bottomed out. “Let your thoughts be on the things of God,” Stark said, voice splintering, then his thrusts sped up until his hips were smacking loudly against Steve’s ass, punching a deep groan out of his chest.
“Oh dear. Please tell me you haven’t gotten involved with that Templar mess,” Ana said. “We’ve had criers in the town calling for people to turn in fugitive Templars.”
"Obscenely wealthy sinner," Tony amended. "Look at it this way - maybe your virtuousness will cancel out my sinful nature. Hey, that could be a good project for you," Tony said brightly. "While we're traveling you can try to save my soul."
“Why resist?” Stark asked. He reached out and ran his thumb over Steve’s bottom lip. “After all, you belong to God now. Why would you resist him?”
“I feel like you’ve been talking to Steve,” Tony said after a moment. “Did you give him the same speech?”
“I already have clothes for the dinner,” Steve said, running a hand over the back of his neck. “After our first meeting, Stark had a new tunic and surcoat sent to my rooms.”
“Have you ever spent time around children?” Tony drained the bottle and let it fall to the floor, ignoring it when it tipped over and rolled away. “They are very entertaining. And they are always honest about what they want from you, even if they are lying rapscallions about toys and sweets.”
“I had to, being around you when you were young,” Ana called out, flashing Tony a grin even as her hands were busy poking and prodding Barnes’ injuries.
“Yes, well, the king took an oath to protect and serve the people of France, people make oaths of fidelity to their spouses, and I’m sure the rutting dog makes some sort of oath to his bitch
“Give thanks to the Lord for He is good,” Stark said when Steve was finished. If there was any part of this that Steve regretted, it was this part, the part where the chasm between them yawned vast and deep and Stark seemed far away and unreachable. Steve wanted to bridge the distance and press a kiss to that wry, clever mouth, to taste that sharp tongue, but feared that if he crossed the boundaries of what they’d drawn for themselves, he’d lose everything, and that terrified him more than any armed and angry Saracen.
“Like what, Rodgers?” Stark asked, setting down his utensils. He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest.  “What would you do? To what end? If you ride in to rescue them, all you will be doing is joining them.”
“No, not all,” Tony said, lips quirking. "It’s all very well and good to preach non-violence, but as you can see, it pays to have a backup plan.”
“He said he would come when he has time,” the footman said as he backed towards the door, clearly relieved. “I’m sure you appreciate that I can hardly interrupt him while he is meeting with Lord Stane.”
“You can,” Stark said soothingly, the words were a caress against Steve’s neck. “I’ll help you. Did you touch yourself when you were having these thoughts?”
Tony answered to the first question on their way to the local tavern, where Natasha said that they would get the answer to the second. The place was busy, likely because of the minstrel that was tuning his citole and warming up his fingers in the corner of the room. Natasha kept her hood up and scarf around her neck, not wanting to attract attention; she found a table in a corner far from the performer that was unoccupied and took a seat. Tony and Steve sat as well, flagging down the serving maid for ale and food while they waited for Natasha’s contact to arrive.
“Oh? You are a lustful man?” Stark walked around behind him again, fingers trailing down his neck and shoulder and spreading rippling waves of heat from the contact. Steve shivered again, eyes closing to savor the sensation. “Go on.”
“I- I confess to the sin of wrath,” Steve said, bowing his head. He felt both hot and cold and noticed belatedly that he was sweating. “I lost my temper and raised a hand against my fellow man.”
at that monastery, digging holes and chopping trees, waiting like a wife whose husband had gone to war while Bucky's being hunted at every turn.
Steve stared, stunned, as a man a few years younger than himself came out of one of the doors behind Stark’s desk, looking more put together than the woman but his clothes were tellingly wrinkled.  He hesitated a moment when he saw Steve and stole a glance at Stark, but when Stark just shrugged he bobbed a quick bow and left.   Steve’s hands tightened into fists as his fury came back two-fold.
Steve almost dropped the bowl of potatoes when Stark’s smiling eyes met his across the table. “Well met, Brother Eduard,” Steve managed around his surprise. Not only was Stark not wearing his crimson robes of office, but he had also cut his hair, eschewing the longer curls favored by the court for a simpler, shorter style. Seeing Stark wearing the plain brown robes of a simple monk did something strange to Steve; his stomach turned over, his heart thumped painfully in his chest and he felt ill at ease, almost nervous. So instead of participating in the lively conversation he kept his head down and focused on his food, trying to figure out why a change of clothes seemed to make such a difference.
“What were those people doing in your private chambers?” He demanded as ‘Jean-Paul’ closed the door behind him.
“Plus, Steve has to hear the rest of mistress song,” Natasha added, dodging Tony’s kick under the table.
Tony exhaled heavily. “I don’t know why I am grieving for a man that I hated,” he said, voice hollow. “I see –
“Hello, Brother Grant,” Brother Lucien said cheerfully as Steve sat down at the table, gratefully loading his plate with the roasted potatoes and buttered onions that were being passed around. “This is Brother Eduard.”
“Already? I thought…” Steve shook his head and sighed. Last night, in the dark hours of morning as he sat vigil over Bucky, he had decided wanted to start helping, to stop being a burden that Tony dragged across the kingdom while trying to take care of Bucky and relocate the relics, but he could hardly do that if Tony insisted on making all the decisions by himself. “I’m sure it’s for the best,” he said instead. “I would have helped, though.”
“And you would go from a Vicomte to a Duke,” Tony said, amused despite himself at Stane’s ambition. “Which is not an insignificant detail.”
Steve felt the knot in his chest start to ease at the prospect of having a place to start looking, and he rolled his neck and shoulders, which had gone tight with his sudden anger. He had to sit on his hands to keep from tearing the reins from Tony’s hands to urge the horse to move faster than the slow walk they were traveling at now. “Speaking of blacksmithing,” he said after a while, “Why are you called the Iron Cardinal?” He'd been wondering that ever since Stark's letter had gotten him entrance into the monastery, all smiles with no questions asked, not even who Steve was or where he came from. The lack of an immediate response made him look over, and to his surprise, he saw that Stark’s cheeks were ruddy.
because you’re not the only ones looking for this guy Barnes,” Natasha said primly, her eyes sparkling. “Now who’s mind is in the gutter?” Then she dropped out of sight before Tony could respond. He leaned out the window to see if he could catch her leaving, but as usual, it was like she vanished into thin air.
“Sir Steven Rodgers and Sir James Barnes of the Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon,” Brother Peter announced, escorting them into a room bright with candles and drenched in the tantalizing scent of the food that was still making its way from the kitchen.
“As we consummate this bond,” Stark said as he began to press inside, making Steve’s breath come fast and shallow at the sting, “never forget that you are bound to the service of Christ and of his body, the church.” He pulled back, almost all the way out, then pressed in again, slightly deeper. Fingernails raked down Steve’s back and up again, distracting him from the ache in his hole as Stark pressed ever deeper. As with Stark’s whip, the pain only drove his arousal higher, a twisting dance that had him choking back the impulse to rock back against Stark and drive his cock even deeper inside. “Glory to the father,” Stark continued, and Steve felt his hands spread his ass cheeks; he burned knowing that Stark was definitely watching now, holding him open as he thrust deeper and deeper. Steve shivered as a thumb traced his rim where it was stretched by Stark’s cock. “May the holy spirit consecrate your heart and fill you with a burning desire to serve God and his church. Do you feel it?” Stark asked. Suddenly there was a hand fisted in his hair again, pulling his head up and bowing his back into an arch. With final sharp thrust he felt Stark’s bare thighs flush with his own and knew Stark was fully seated. “Do you feel the burning desire?”
The rode for a good part of the day before the wagon stopped in front of a modest monastery, where Steve could see men in coarse brown robes were tending a thriving garden.  After a moment he realized that their robes were a match for his, and he realized this was his stop.  At Thomas’s eloquent head nod towards the simple brick building set off the road a ways, Steve gathered his few belongings and climbed down off the wagon.
"Just a nickname? So it's not a code name for the leader of an elaborate criminal network of smugglers like Thomas?" Tony just shrugged, mouth in a tight line. Steve watched him for a few long minutes then finally looked away because Stark seemed determined to keep his attention on the road rather than elaborate further. “So who is Sister Natasha? You’ve mentioned her before, but I don’t believe I’ve ever met her.”
“Believe me, that wasn’t my first plan. But I ran out of options and had some villains closing in on me, so I took the risk that he was the criminal with the heart of gold that all the songs made him out to be.” Bucky was in the middle of a bite of roasted barley when his eyes flew up to Steve’s. “Wait. He does have the relics, doesn’t he?”
Everything in Steve rebelled at the thought of just sitting here and waiting while Tony's bedpartner went into their room and stayed there for hours, doing - while Tony - "No, I feel like walking," Steve said; what he felt like was running away, away from this room that seemed too close and loud. He could feel Tony's eyes on his back as he left the tavern, but outside it was thankfully cooler and quieter. He looked back at the tavern once, then turned away and started to jog, planning to run until this sick, nervous energy was gone.
Tony had never been the problem. He realized now, as he should have months ago, that he didn’t dislike Tony. Christ, if only it were that simple. In truth, he was scared of what Tony made him feel, the strength of it and what it meant. How Tony would react when he found out. And now, when those feelings came too close to the surface, Steve reacted in the worst possible way. His shoulders sagged as the anger drained away as fast as it had come, leaving him feeling cold and hollow.
Steve looked like he wanted to argue, but Barnes was mumbling deliriously in his arms and Natasha was pulling on his elbow, so with a lingering glance backwards he followed her through the halls. Tony scanned the room for something to bar the door, aware that he couldn’t wait too long or he’d be trapped here, and there was no way to stop them all once he left his post at the door. Then a thought occurred to him. “I will give you all a sol apiece if you stay in this room for a hundred count,” he called through the door, and after a moment the pounding stopped. Tony smiled, blessing Stane’s pinchpenny ways, and took a handful of coins from his pocket and kicked them under the door before sprinting to catch up to Steve and Natasha. They were stopped for a moment in the bailey while Natasha opened the gate’s complicated set of tumblers, set deep into the stonework of the ramparts to prevent forced entry.
“Look, I’ve looked into the face of evil,” James said. “You have too. It’s in the smile of a person who takes joy from another’s pain, in the greed of a person who takes from people who have little or from those who don’t want to give. It is
“You’ll figure it out. Everything will be fine, you’ll see.” Tony must have just realized that he was still touching Steve because he hastily drew his hand back. Steve could still feel the warmth of it on his skin, even through the cloth of his robes. He wanted to take Tony’s hand and put it back on his arm. He wanted to put his hands on Tony. He wanted to bury his face in Tony’s neck, press him back against the grass, and forget the world for a few minutes, to lose himself to raw sensation. He wanted all of this with such sudden ferocity that it terrified him, and it took him a moment to realize Tony was still talking. “But you know, finding him is just the first step,” Tony warned. “After that, we still have to figure out what should be done with the relics.”
“Why do you care?” Steve said before he could stop himself. “You wouldn’t be the first person to enrich themselves in war.”
“I don’t blame you. A Saracen will only take your life, an aristo will take everything but,” Bucky snorted. “It’s a couple of days from now so we would have time to get new clothes and go to the bath house so we don’t offend anyone’s nose with the smell of honest sweat.” Steve’s face must have done something suspicious because Bucky narrowed his eyes at him. “What?”
“He didn’t say his name,” the man whispered back.  “He just said, ‘go to Notre Dame, find the big blonde guy with shoulders for miles and tell him ‘don’t do anything stupid until I get back’.’”
“They might want to use you as a way to find your friend,” Stark said reluctantly, “or they might want to use you as a way to make him talk.”
“Dammit, Tony. Is everything a joke to you?” Steve started to shout and remembered where he was, so he lowered his voice to an angry snarl. “Some people take their vows of celibacy seriously.” Suddenly he couldn’t bear to be in the room anymore, so he muttered, “I will sleep in the stable,” and barely refrained from slamming the door behind himself as he left.
"Then you've come to the right place, my child." Tony cleared his throat and sat up straight, lacing his fingers together and resting them on his desk. “Come closer.” Steve approached, gaze unwavering, but as he came closer Tony could see that his ears were red; he wasn’t as confident as he appeared, but he was determined.
But Stark stopped right before Steve hit that peak, walking around him and curling the whip to rest it on his desk. “You’ve done very well,” he said, and he took Steve’s chin in his hand, running his thumb over Steve’s bottom lip. “Are you ready for your benediction?”
“Bucky!” Steve stopped in his tracks, feeling his face get hot, the blush crawling down his neck and chest. “That’s…you shouldn’t…”
“The relics have already been hidden, as the Cardinal demanded,” Natasha said, taken aback by Steve’s urgency. “Why? What’s going on?”
“Correct. Are you ready to continue with your confession?” This was an escape that Stark always offered and Steve never accepted. He dreamed of this too much, needed it too much, to ever turn it down.
