When Steve found the direction they needed, he rolled his shoulders, took a preparatory breath. He wouldn’t fail them, all of them, this time. He couldn’t.
“I understand,” Tony grit out eventually, when his arm was almost numb with the ache of Howard’s fingers digging into it.
Tony had never called him so late before. He called in the evening, sometimes, when he was bored, and had something to say, or wanted Steve to entertain him, but this was different, and he’d heard it in the brunet’s tone immediately. Steve was a little honored that Tony had called him specifically, even if he didn’t have another choice. He adored Tony, cherished every second together, and was glad to have his trust, his affection.
“No promises,” Ross replied, and straightened his jacket. He didn’t look any happier than when he came, but by the look on his face, this impromptu meeting was, thankfully, drawing to a close.
The medical team was saying something now, and he heard Rhodey let out a curse, and Tony got the sense that something was wrong. He tried to get his mouth to work, but didn’t think he formed any coherent words. If he did, he couldn’t really hear them. There was commotion from the handful of people in the room, and Tony caught a few snippets around him.
He didn’t feel any better really, could still hear the conversation on repeat in his brain, but at least Steve was here now, and he was able to stop the soldier from confronting Howard. He knew that one day he might not be able to, and was frankly terrified of whatever would happen then, but tried not to think about it now.
He brought his hands up under the brunet’s shirt now, let them brush down his abdomen and stop just shy of his groin, his touch soft, reverent.
Steve spread his ass cheeks, and Tony couldn’t help but shudder, clench and unclench his muscles a few times. He could feel Steve’s eyes on him, predatory, piercing, hungry.
, and it was good and perfect and better than he expected when he suggested all of this, when the thought came to mind. Tony may have been kind of a slut in his younger days, but he’d never taken two cocks in the same hole, had always been hesitant about it. He may have been a size queen, but even so he never really pushed his limits, never wanted to.
Clint and Natasha seemed the friendliest with each other and Thor was just happy to be around everyone else. He seemed to be a pretty happy-go-lucky-guy anyway. Bruce came by and talked to Steve for a little bit and told him that Thor was a god so he didn't know much about what he called 'Midgard's' customs.
Steve wanted to say something but Tony was at the building, hopping up and grabbing loose bricks. Steve sighed and followed, using his wings to help him balance.
"Erm. Yeah." Natasha sounded not exactly confused but more perplexed. "Yeah he's alright. Well, that might not be the right way to say it -"
(He also was reminded of his old wings-the wings he absolutely adored and now they were a hideous yellow and orange and gold and red and he hated everything about them. They reminded him too much of the fact that Iron Man and Tony Stark can never-never-be the same man.)
Sam handed the plate to Thor who happily took it and starting walking to Peter's room as Natasha spoke up again, "He's doing fine. We - we talked. And...I'm thinking of letting May come live with us."
"Oh please," Harry rolled his eyes. "I bet it didn't even hurt did it?" Peter went silent. "Told you. And it was fun!"
It was weird that Tony didn't have any wings and it creeped Steve out every time Tony walked into the room. And it seemed like he was the only one with that problem.
Natasha stared at May for a moment before looking over at Steve to see him giving her a disapproving look. "Steve, don't even start."
"Neither is Pietro but he's like my brother!" Peter shouted. Pietro looked surprised but Peter was too angry and upset to even notice. "I barely even
"She seems like a nice lady so why not?" Bucky suggested. Steve and Sam seemed to be in agreement with everyone and they all turned to Tony.
Natasha rolled her eyes again and walked down the steps to where May was making something in the kitchen. "Is that all of his stuff? In his room?"
When the car stopped, they let May come out but stopped Peter and that's when May spoke up. "Excuse me - he's my nephew! You can't just take him away -"
"Yes," Bucky said suddenly and Peter remembered the conversation that they were having. "Yeah, they were just sort of around the area when..." Bucky paused as if mulling over his story. "Well, Spider-Man showed up."
"Okay..." Peter had almost an addiction to Tony. He adored the man and Steve sometimes caught Tony taking Peter out for small trips in the city (Steve found himself slowly adoring Tony as well).
Thor pleaded with the Avengers to let Loki stay here on Midgard as he couldn't go back to Asgard. Since Steve didn't see him as a threat anymore, he asked everyone else and pretty much everyone except Clint was okay with Loki being locked up in the basement.
The word caught his attention and Peter startled, unsticking for a moment. Peter let out a small squawk and leapt over to the other building and crawled ontop of it to look st the group. It was five men and another man a few feet from them.
"I can't - they - he knows. He knows everything." Peter came to the realization with surprise. "If -" Peter stopped speaking out loud as he began to plan. When he headed back to the Tower, he would explain that he had been with his friends at the park. He'd also text Ned and MJ that that was the cover story. Then, tonight he would sneak out and get back here where he could talk to the man.
As a side note, Pietro also had hummingbird wings that allowed him and Peter to bond over something. Wanda's wings were osprey wings and both of the twins' wings were about six feet long. But both of their wings were looking sick-ish. Bruce deduced that they would be fine for now, but they needed to get rid of Ultron fast in order to make sure that they would live through whatever HYDRA did to them.
He closed the drawing pad and looked out over New York from the Tower. He was out on the balcony and sitting on the edge. He was just thinking about the lab fiasco that had happened moments earlier.
Steve woke up with a pressing weight on his chest. Groggily, he panicked for a moment before propping himself up and remembering what happened last night. He looked down at Tony who was still on his chest.
"You're not like that Harry kid are you?" MJ asked. Peter frowned and looked between her and Harley. Harley looked similarly confused for a moment before shaking his head.
"And you must be Tony Stark." May came around to where Natasha and Tony were and Tony gruffly shook the hand that was offered to him. "I just want to say that I really am sorry -"
"Yeah." Steve suddenly felt nervous and he cleared his throat. "In Afghanistan...you said they went black?" Tony nodded. "You burned then. And your wings came out," he gestured. "Like that. You're a phoenix. Stronger and better."
Clint Barton missed his shot from jerking his wrist but quickly unloaded another arrow at the soldier in front of him. "What?" Clint demanded, cursing.
Harley's wings were like a blue bird's except emerald green (Harley could see wings and was relieved when everyone said they could see wings too. Harley didn't explain why, but the scars and bruises on his arms and back spoke volumes).
"You know what kid," Clint swung by and slung his arm around Peter's shoulders. "I think you're going to fit right in."
She stilled for a moment before stepping into a room where a man was standing. She titled to the side, anger flaring as she saw he was pointing a gun to a tied up Peter. Natasha's blood began to boil as she raised her own gun.
For the longest time, Steve figured the attraction he was feeling to Tony was just him being grateful for a spot to stay. And then he slowly began to realize that that wasn't the whole reason.
If you're young and naïve, you're more likely to get adopted. Because when you're that young, adopting/fostering parents can mold you into what
Steve made his way to Schmidt who was holding the Tesseract, an object of ultimate power. Apparently the power was too much and Schmidt disintegrated.
"Yes," Steve blurted. "I - yes. That's- that's a good idea do that." Thor nodded and without another word he walked away and blasted off to Asgard.
Bucky had become more reckless-as if he wanted to die. He was more likely to run into a fight and practically loose his life in the process. Steve tried to tell him that maybe Natalia was still alive-that she was alright-but that just seemed to make things worse.
"To - Ton - Ton - Tony," Steve stuttered, trying to speak but Tony stood up on his hand legs and pressed his front paws into Steve's chest. He pressed a little harder and Steve got the message, lying back down.
Steve went more incognito-wearing a gray plaid shirt with a tan army jacket. He had sunglasses on and his drawing pad.
Everyone fit in and so far, everyone was getting along great. Tony and Steve's relationship was a little rocky but in the end all they had to do was get into each other's beds. Natasha saw that coming. She always see these things coming.
Tony sniffed before sitting down and sticking his head in the bowl to scarf it all down. Natasha gestured with her hands like 'see? don't feed him cat food idiots'.
Natalia stopped yelling and Bucky stopped thrashing. Wanda, Pietro, and Clint stopped moving in their bonds. All of them stared in shock.
Nothing he read made any sense. And it seemed as though Mr. Osborn wasn't going to get back to him. Ever.
"Holy shitballs," Tony startled, blinking rapidly. "Wow that was a crazy dream," He looked over at Steve. "Hi honey,"
"Hm," Thor had landed back where they all were as he walked over to Natasha to examine cat Tony. "I will depart to Asgard." The god decided. "I'll see what I can find and come back when I have an answer."
They looked at each other and then more words spilled out of Steve's damn mouth. "I'm distracted, but you look really eager."
Either these people were with the government or they were faking it. He didn't care if these people happened to be government especially if they knew his secret identity because at this moment the police didn't really like Spider-Man.
May smiled further, breathing out softly. "Yes. Peter - god, Peter is so smart and so thoughtful. He has such a strong will and..." she sighed. "I really do wish you were there."
"Thank you for your cooperation," Natasha said and May looked crestfallen fro a brief second before nodding.
"It appears as though Friday found something," JARVIS sounded confused as well. "Give me a moment to bring up her voice capabilities sir."
When Tony came back, he looked like he was in shock. But he cleared his throat and got everyone's attention.
Once they arrived at Oscorp, Mr. Harrington escorted the class out. When Peter, Ned, and MJ tried to leave their seat, Flash Thompson pushed past them. Peter toppled back a little bit but caught his friend.
Bucky's face twisted again, turning into a look of determination as he hooked his arm around Peter's waist and dragged him off the building; firmly but carefully.
According to him, these men came to his house and killed his aunt. They were still there when he came to visit his aunt and kidnapped him. They took him to Tennessee where he escaped them. He ended up being near a police station where the men were taken after he escaped.
"What if Goose goes with him?" Pepper suggested. "Carol said there was something special about that cat."
Peter shuffled. "Yeah but like...how is school going to work? And what's going to happen to May? And what about my friends?"
"Okay," Black Widow rubbed her forehead. "We'll take both of you and explain everything to the people who own this place. Bucky, call the jet."
Steve was the first in the room and he stared at the ground most of the time, flicking his eyes up to look at the new people.
"Tony," Steve stepped forward and rested his hand on his boyfriend's shoulder. "What's done is done. Ms. Potts is going to take of it."
"Ahhh, that'll be too good to be true," Tony trailed off, sighing. He looked over at Natasha. "So, what'd you two talk about?"
"Good!" Clint shouted from the couch. "I can't believe I'm saying this but I actually miss Tony as a man,"
"Oh don't-" Clint started but Tony turned to look at her and started yowling and yapping and meowing his ass off. Clint groaned and mashed his face into a couch pillow.
"Coming!" May said from inside and a few seconds later the door opened. Her smile faded a little. "Oh - Peter? What are you doing here?"
He walked over to Tony and bent down. "You rejected my offer." He sneered. Tony just glared at him. Killian laughed. "You thought it wouldn't work. 'Scary science' you claimed. But guess what, Stark?" Killian whipped out a shot with some sort of liquid in it. the liquid sparked and Steve realized that it looked more like lava than anything else.
"Oh! No," Peter shook his head. "No, not, nope. Not at all." He considered talking about Spider-Man but he didn't quite want to cross that bridge right now.
"Right," she muttered and looked at Peter. "This is not over Peter. You're explaining as soon as we get home."
Tony supposed that this was what PTSD is. Not that he didn't already know that - if waking up every morning in cold sweats and screaming himself hoarse and having to install thick soundproof walls - was any type of indication.
But as soon as her eyes landed on Peter, the anger dissipated and she looked like she was about to dissolve into tears. She held a hand up to her mouth and looked over at Phil again who nodded.
"So, this is the kid you've been looking for for twelve years?" Mr. Stark stepped forward, looking Peter over.
Steve's wings kept reaching out as far as they could when they stopped. Tony's reached out as well, reaching for Steve's. Steve's wing snapped back when the red metal tip of Tony's touched the tip of Steve's.
Steve stared at the kid who had puffed out his chest and glared at Artie. Artie, who had laughed and was about to ask the kid to do something-probably to help him get Steve off his back-froze.
"Construction would probably take like a couple of days," Clint murmured, flicking through the photos. "Like three or four. We could probably do two if Tony gets all the right tools. And if we get some of the other Avengers in on it," he added.
Jarvis was his favorite. Mostly because his dad was out looking for Captain America and his mom was busy running a company so only Jarvis could watch over Tony (and Sophia but Sophia was fired when Tony's mom found out that Sophia was teaching Tony Spanish to the point when Tony couldn't understand English).
"I think villians took the holidays off," Sam yawned, drinking his own coffee while Bucky scarfed down some eggs. "We haven't had an alert in days."
think," Ned rolled his eyes playfully. Peter grinned back at him and the rest of the trip was held in relative silence seeing as it was only an hour drive.
"He's a friend Buck," Peter explained quickly. "He-he let me stay the night after I broke in, escaping from the kidnappers."
"Harry Osborn idiot," Harry snarled. "Now get away from my friend before I punch you in your undignified, nonintellectual schmuck." Flash's mouth dropped open for a moment.
"No." Steve shook his head. "Just taking...taking it in." Steve sighed heavily as Tony turned and sat down at his workbench.
"Only a few people can see wings here on Midgard, Thor." Pepper came in, high heels clinking. She looked at all of them, grimly upset. "Tony wanted me to tell you that all of you together are allowed three questions a day. He'll accept four but that's it." Steve had a feeling JARVIS would abide by that.
Not far but far enough to hurt when she landed. She groaned and held her elbow while she squinted to see Peter flipping in the air and shooting out a web from his wrists. The webs connected to two different trees and he landed in the middle; spinning but safe.
Steve was happy for Natalia and the next day, Peggy, Natalia, and Steve went to a store in Brooklyn where Steve was told that his 'chance' was getting into this program. For...something.
They were in the quinjet, heading to Tony's last known location. Thor, Vision, Bruce, Pepper, Sam, and Rhodey decided to stay behind. So the ones on the mission were Peter, Steve, Bucky, Natalia, Wanda, Clint, and Pietro. They had tried to tell Peter to stay behind but it was a useless effort.
SHIELD supposed that there was a glitch in the system but either way, Natasha was pregnant and this would be the only time she would probably ever get pregnant. So she wasn't about to screw this up.
"What do I -?" Peter paused. "Oh. Just - just don't tell anyone yet okay? I need to figure out how to tell them later."
Steve snorted at the comment, but thought it was pretty accurate that night, looking down at himself.
Tony squinted and his eyes darted back and forth before he sighed in surrender. "Fine. Yeah. Alright. Good idea."
"Let's go!" He said and grabbed Steve's arm, pulling away from Central Park and to the abandoned docks on Long Island Sound.
Harley sighed. "I ran into him a year ago. I thought it would be like normal - you remember how he was. Nice and kind, maybe a little snooty but still friendly. Well, he wasn't that way when I saw him again. He was cold and calculating and even snooty than before. His father - and that boarding school - changed him."
Natasha looked around and noticed that most of the room had been cleaned up. The boxes were checked when Sam, Bucky, Bruce, Thor, and Rhodey came into the room in full cleaning gear. Bruce and Thor headed to different couches silently and Sam and Bucky went to make something in the kitchen.
Peter's bed was shoved to the far corner and his bathroom door was open. The boxes of stuff from his old room were opposite of his bed and half un-packed. The below part of his loft had been decorated and most of it was new stuff that Tony had ordered him for it.
MJ yanked him back into the room, shouting something at the paparazzi and shoving both Peter and Ned back into the school.
Bucky groaned and stepped forward, gently pulling up Peter's mask to reveal his flushed and stuttering face. "Good lord. Do your parents -?"
"What the -! Tony!" Natasha snapped, whirling to the Iron clad man only he swerved above them as Thor raced after him.
Peter peeked over the couch to look at the group that came out of the doors and froze. Natasha stood up and glanced at Peter and smirked a little.
He jumped off the roof when no one was looking. He floated for a bit but the wings stayed still and he didn't know how to get them to flap.
"Peter," Peter said automatically and then bit his tongue. The man - Julian smirked but didn't comment.
His father still hit him and started to get drunk more often than not. Maria didn't pay attention to either of them.
"Extremis was this experimental stuff that-Killian I suppose-was working on." Peter sighed, knees to his chest. "Tony said that the science was so experimental-plus Killian creeped him out-that he convinced Pepper not to hire the guy. But Killian seemed to realize that it was Tony because he was swearing his name as he left Stark Industries. Tony hasn't seen or heard from him since." Peter paused. "Until now, I guess."
And the more Steve thought about it, the more in love he started to feel. After working with Tony for almost two years and seeing just who he is-there was just this warm feeling.
She sat down next to him and Peter chewed his lip. "I - uh, well...what do you...what do you want to know?"
"Tony," Steve kissed the genius's head made a face. "Tony, you have to take a shower right now." Tony was staring at a holographic screen, his eyes starting to go red.
Pepper kissed Natasha's cheek when she came downstairs and slung her arm around Nat's shoulder. Pepper didn't leave Natasha for the whole night as the party raged around them.
"Eh," Scott shrugged. "It was just me, Hope, and a few other people. We were pretty quiet and just watched the live show at New York on TV,"
Bucky hummed. "Yeah. Kind of." He scrunched his nose. "I guess you could say that. Never really thought of it that way so I don't know."
?" Peter scoffed. "He's only one of the greatest geniuses of our time and turned Stark Industries into an energy source which is five times as productive as to when they were making weapons and also - he's
"Well, just come with us and we'll figure that out," Black Widow sounded calm and trusting and Peter almost followed.
"I'm doing fine. These are my friends Ned and MJ by the way," Peter quickly introduced. "Guys, this is my elementary friend Harry."
"The quinjet's still in the air." Clint said. "I can turn her around to the entrance." Steve nodded and he took off.
He jumped down and looked around, concern starting to get the better of him. He ran over and pushed the man so he was face up and nearly screamed.
in forever and he tried to pay but Harley insisted saying, "Peter, I'm the one taking you out on a date.
"Well, we have some...probably surprising news for you." Phil said, letting him into the elevator first and the two security guards stood at the front of them.
"I smell bacon!" Tony crowed, pumping his fist in the air. Clint laughed at him and they all sat down to eat. Peter hopped into a seat next to Natasha and next to May. Tony and Steve sat across from him. Pietro, Wanda, and Clint chose to sit sort of off on their own away from the main dining room table. Pepper was sitting next to Natasha. Thor, Bruce, Sam, and Bucky were all nearby as well.
"Wait..." Peter whispered under his breath, opening his mouth to protest but Natasha wasn't going to have it.
Steve remembered Howard and how much of an ass he was when he talked about his machines. He thought they were the most amazing things in the world and Steve felt that he was too arrogant and selfish. Steve really hoped he didn't have to deal with another Stark like that.
"Yeah, it's pretty close baby," Harry nodded. Peter frowned a little at the nickname, feeling a mix between uncomfortable and endeared.
"Avengers, we have a new mission. Get the civilians onto the SHIELD Helicarriers as fast as possible."
And Peter told him about his parents. About his uncle and then his aunt. How he got his powers and became Spider-Man and then how he joined the Avengers. He even told Harley a little bit about why his wings don't move like they should. It got stressing though, Harley noticed that Peter was going white and stopped him from saying any more.
Harley waited for the young man to turn around. This happened every once and a while. Tennesse doesn't have a lot of hiding spaces for criminals so they tend to find the abandoned garage in the orphanage.
He heads into his room and closes the door. He walked over to his window and looked around, debating. He could do that. It's easy.
"We'll figure that out later. Peter's gone into shock and needs medical attention ASAP." Bucky broke in.
"You're the kid that we needed. The one that the Parkers refused to give up." The man smirked suddenly. "Of course we had to eliminate them but we thought that the brother might give you up."
It wasn't that big of a deal-he liked Bruce and Bucky enough. And Thor, Natasha, Clint, and Steve were nice. Plus, Fury said it was a better way for the Avengers to train and work together.
Peter's heart rate spiked as the gun was a centimetre away from his forehead, close enough that the hairs there raised and his whole body tingled. His body shivered and alight with adrenaline as his spidey sense went flaring.
"Yes she did," FRIDAY replied. "You and Miss Potts fell asleep out on the balcony tonight and she had to leave to meet her family out in Manhattan."
He walked to the door and opened it, shutting it behind him quietly. He headed to the middle of his makeshift lab, navigating the tables of stuff and machines that didn't need tables.
All around him the noise seemed amplified and it hurt so Steve focused on Erskine. He was shorter than Erskine before but now he was taller. Steve couldn't totally believe that he was that tall and Erskine was smiling at him proudly.
"Peter?" Peter and Harley turned to see MJ and Ned walking up. MJ was sipping her own drink and Ned held out a smoothie for Peter and his card. Peter took both and smiled.
"I'll work something out with May." she whispered. "I promise." she gently pressed her lips to his forehead and he sniffed. She felt tears dripped on her arm but she didn't say anything.
Steve lurched up and started gasping for air, shuddering and convulsing. Out of the corner of his eye he saw his door creak open but the pain in his chest and the panic in his brain distracted him from anything else.
"Nice choice of words weirdo," MJ approved. Harry looked momentarily bewildered but nodded his thanks.
"Peter." this time it was more flat and sure and Peter flattened himself against the wall. "Peter, what the hell are you doing?"
He threw off his covers and yelled loudly, surprised and afraid. He felt his wings beating up a storm, desperately trying to relay that they were scared-they were terrified-
"Would one of you just say yes so we can go home?" Harley spoke up, raising his eyebrows. Peter grinned with him. It turned out that everyone had stopped walking in to watch the two to them.
with a ferocity that we didn't envision. It took us three years to finally be able to pry you away from her. And when we did? Our hired workers wanted to keep you away from us. You see, your
"I'm making breakfast." Sam looked over at Bucky and Steve snorted. Bucky sent them both a quizzical look. "It's
The glass door slid open and Natasha headed through into the main living area where Tony and Steve were cuddled on the cough. Tony was still out cold but Steve was flicking through channels on the giant HD TV screen that was mounted on top of the fireplace in the main room.
"I - what?" Peter was startled and still befuddled by the sudden shift in Bucky's nature that he spoke a little too loud and the gang turned to both of them.
"We weren't sure if Natasha was going to abort it but imagine our surprise to find out that she was absolutely elated to be pregnant. Maybe hesitant about that fact it was Stark's child but she loved it nonetheless." Julian sighed. "And that's when it got complicated."
He worried anyway, especially when his feverish symptoms barely withdrew. Rhodey stayed with him while Vision reunited with Wanda. She didn’t have any information to offer either. No one was happy.
He didn’t know how much longer he could take, waiting to get there, to contact Tony. What would he even say when he did? No apology he could offer would be enough, he was sure. Tony would hate him, withdraw all over again, turn cold and distant like he had been mere weeks ago. All of the progress they had made would be gone, he was sure of it. Steve had fucked up one too many times, and he couldn’t fix it. He hated it.
He was stuck. He was so damn stuck, just there, on the brink, his heart beating fast and the blood rushing in his ears. God
It was hard for Steve to keep his hands off of her. He loved Tasha so much, more than anything, more than life, and she loved him just as much, gave him the world, gave him everything, whatever he asked for. She didn’t
,” Steve whined, and he grit his teeth, caught in a cycle of pleasure, coming long and hard like he always did. His knot always had so much to give, and he never thought he’d get used to the way it felt, so intense, with Tony’s hole clenching around him instinctively, begging for more seed.
He couldn’t help but inhale softly, take in his son’s familiar scent, soft and calm, mixed with the smell of the beach. He closed his eyes for just a second, relished in the fact that he was safe and happy, that things were good.
Tony let out a breathy little moan. God, it felt so good, whenever Steve said nice things about him. It made him burn with embarrassment, with delight, and Steve knew it. He didn’t do it often, saved his praises for days like today, when Tony had been brought low. Normally they were more playful, always pushing each other, challenging each other, but occasionally Steve went soft like this, sensual and attentive, and that always hit Tony so much harder. Tony knew he was doing it on purpose now, was trying to make Tony feel better, and boy, was it going to work, like it always worked. Steve made it so easy to fall into it, to let the blond’s voice overcome the harsh, critical one in Tony’s brain. Steve made it easy to be owned, to forget about everything except the two of them, here and now, and to be entirely content with it.
Sam removed his wing pack, flipped through channels on the jet’s holovid as one of their escorts tended to Natasha’s cut. It had avoided infection, thankfully, but still looked pretty bad. Steve sat with his hands clenched so tight that his bones were protesting, but he couldn’t seem to unclench them, to settle down. His gaze burned a hole into the floor.
Tony shuddered a little, pulled back so he could look up into Steve’s face. “Am I?” he asked, sniffled a little.
“You’re worth so much more than what you get. You know that, right? God Tony, I wish I could give you the world,” Steve said softly, his hands bracing Tony’s knees.
Steve sighed in annoyance at Howard, frowned heavily, and held Tony closer. “I’m so sorry,” he said.
Steve smiled at him so brightly he could have blinded traffic, genuine happiness, affection on his visage. The blond leaned down a fraction then, pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek, let go of his hand and pulled him into a proper hug. Tony was warm and soft in his arms, felt familiar and wonderful and safe, and Steve never wanted to let go. Hell, now maybe he didn’t
short,” Tony insisted, frowning up at him. “I’m average height. It’s not my fault you’re a freak of nature.”
“Shut up and help me up,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes fondly. He was glad Rhodey was in the mood to joke; it’d help him get everything off his mind, if that were even possible. At this point, he didn’t think it was. Tony knew he wouldn’t be getting any rest until all of this was over. He wasn’t sure how to even
The relief was instant, and full-bodied. Tony let out a sigh as he regarded the sleeping form of his baby. He lifted a shaky hand, traced the curve of Peter’s cheek, his nose. He was still fast asleep, probably just as exhausted as Tony was.
“The damn thing runs slow. The programming is too complex to decode, like all of Stark’s stuff, but my technicians are under the impression there’s a deliberate delay in the GPS. It sends notifications late. Two hours late, to be precise.” None of them missed the irritation in the Secretary’s voice, in his scent. He regarded them all suspiciously, unpleasant eyes filled with disdain.
Tony slid off of his lap immediately, shuffled back on the king-sized bed, and laid back on the mattress. He unbuttoned his jeans, tugged them off while Steve got off of the bed, reached into his nightstand’s drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube. He dropped it on the bed and started unbuttoning his shirt, taking his time with each button, not fumbling once, while Tony bit his lip, the display going straight to his cock, pre-cum already marking a wet spot on his briefs.
“Yeah. It’s not too far from there. Guess they picked up the pieces after we left, built something else.”
Steve pulled his hips back, pushed forward again in tandem with the dildo, fucking into his partner until their hips met. The squelch of lube gave him a sick thrill.
“How?” she asked. It wasn’t that she doubted his good intentions, but if the last few months were any indication, the Alpha wasn’t in the position to make promises. She didn’t want to get her hopes up that things were going to change, only for them to be dashed. They’d been on the run for half a year now, and there was no end to it in sight. But then again, he and Tony were speaking to each other again, more or less, so maybe change
“No more sleep ever, huh?” Steve asked, raising a brow. “Then I guess there’s no bedtime stories anymore either.”
“Steve,” the blond replied, and smiled back at him. They looked at each other for a moment, and started to laugh at the absurdity of the situation. “Do you often squeeze yourself under other people’s umbrellas?” Steve asked, raising his brow.
He could still feel their hands on him, hear their voices in his ear. He could feel them crowding around him in the upstairs hall, with the music blaring and the lights low. He could feel their wandering hands, first smooth and light but then angry and insistent, invasive, and it made him feel small and weak and stupid, so stupid. He let out a little sob before he could stop himself.
fucking it all up, but tried not to think about it. In moments like this, in Steve’s grasp, his scent deep and welcoming, he simply took what he was given gratefully, and hoped he’d never lose it.
He did his best to comfort his friend, to encourage him. Somewhere along the way Pepper determined that Rhodey might actually lose his mind if he wasn’t there when the moment finally came, so she let him stay while she made last minute preparations to the nursery, gathered some items to comfort Tony when it was all over.
Tony looked the same as Steve remembered: big, beautiful brown eyes, an elegant curve of his cheeks, lips that looked beautiful, kissable, even when turned in a frown. He also looked different than Steve remembered. He looked tired, and was sort of pale, the bags under his eyes darkened by his plight, by the sickness they shared, and he wasn’t well put together by any means, just as Steve wasn’t, but he was still the man Steve knew, the man he loved. Just a glimpse of him from the doorway was enough to bring any of Steve’s resolve crashing down. He could only lay himself bare now, as he had the night they bonded, when he had made his first promise. He could offer himself, all that he was, and nothing more, and had to hope it was enough.
Peter looked miserable. His eyes were fixed on Tony now, and he sniffled, his lower lip wobbling in a way that brought tears to Tony’s own eyes. He held him closer, rubbed his thumb over the back of the baby’s hand gently, tried to swallow down the lump in his throat. It was too late though; the cup had boiled over once more, and Tony couldn’t stop it from doing so.
Two days later, the UN tapped cameras and phones all over the African continent, set up around the clock surveillance in a 200 mile radius from the crash site. They didn’t catch sight of the rebels, and didn’t receive any hints or clues either. It was radio silence.
He didn’t have to wait too long before the door was opening though. Steve entered, holding a drink carrier in one hand and a bag in the other. He looked damn good, as usual, wearing a stupid tight, white shirt and jeans and his leather jacket. His bangs were a little windswept, his cheeks a little rosy from the cool temperature outside, which really just completed the picture. He was a sight for sore eyes, and Tony’s mood instantly improved.
A dreamy look of confirmation, desperation in those beautiful blue eyes, and the scientist dragged her hips back, pushed forward slowly, smoothly.
God, they’d said such horrible things. He remembered them all, remembered being pinned, trapped like a rabbit, desperate to get away, regretting every decision that had led him there in the first place. He didn’t give in though, struggled until he found an opening, and bolted away. He was thankful that he had.
Tony smiled, a small, easy smile, shut his eyes. His hands found Steve’s against his waist, laced their fingers together. He could still feel the waves carrying him off, leaving him floating and falling even though it’d been an hour and he was spread out on their bed, the white cotton sheets twisted into lazy peaks around him. It left him dizzy in the best sense, smooth and easy in a way that he’d only really become familiar with lately, that had been absent for so much of his life.
His head still felt a little fuzzy, and the endorphins were rushing through him, and it felt like the world had melted down to just the two of them again, laying here together, sated and happy. It was an amazing feeling, which he’d never get sick of.
Tony circled around Steve now, taking in the view, trying to see if any last minute adjustments had to be made. He stopped behind Steve, couldn’t help but grin a little at the sight. He’d done a really nice job. “Well, I think it’s just about ready. How do you like it?”
“Keep it up, Rogers, and you’ll be sleeping on the couch,” Tony threatened, narrowing his eyes at his partner. They were hidden by his sunglasses, but his eyebrows got the expression across.
Tony was in a similar boat. He was still exhausted and irritable, and sometimes he didn’t have the energy to do much but sit there, which annoyed the brunet to no end. He wanted to feel entirely better, wanted to feel normal again, but he wouldn’t have that chance for a long time. He was excited for the baby of course, but couldn’t help but feel a little bitterness settle in him, directed at Steve naturally, because he was the reason Tony was carrying in the first place.
Well. Steve wasn’t one to step down from a challenge, and quite honestly, he was getting sick of the party anyway.
The smell of whiskey was heavy on his breath, even at 10 in the morning as he loomed over Tony, his grip painful. “Don’t you
The brunet turned to look down at him too, shifted him a little in his arms. To his mate’s surprise, he rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, leaned a little further into his grasp.
Rhodey wished he could help somehow. All he could do was stay at his side, offer support alongside the medical team. He and Pepper were taking turns here, keeping the brunet company, feeding him cups of jell-o and keeping him hydrated, trying to distract him until it was time to push, but every time it was Pepper’s turn, Rhodey couldn’t do anything but sit in another room worrying, wishing it were all over already, that he could do something to help it along faster. He’d been anxious before, many times in the heat of battle, but somehow none of that compared to this. He wasn’t sure he could ever handle being a parent, if this was what it was like, and he certainly didn’t envy Tony at the moment.
Howard had never really been a pleasure to be around, at least in Tony’s eyes, but it just seemed to get worse with each passing month. Maria spent as much time away as possible, was tired of her husband’s horrible behavior, didn’t seem to have the strength to deal with it, even for the sake of her
“Relax? How can I relax? They could be dead, or captured! Shit, if they’re caught, if Ross gets them to talk, we’re
Steve rolled his eyes fondly, let his eyes linger on the love(s) of his life for a moment, and headed to the kitchen.
The brunet shook his heads at Steve’s words, which was a mistake, sent a sharp burst of pain through him. “Can’t,” he hissed, voice a little hoarse, and he curled up a little tighter. “Fuck, it hurts…”
Steve loved kissing Tony. Tony was an incredible kisser, honestly stole Steve’s breath away on occasion. Having all of Tony’s focus directed on him, hearing the brunet moan softly as their tongues met, as Steve grasped his thigh, pushed him a little further into the plush couch, knowing how much Tony loved him, how devoted he was, never failed to make Steve’s heart beat quicker, to raise goosebumps on his skin when they really got into it, when the world faded away and narrowed down to the two of them, and the way it felt to be together.
“You should go back to bed,” Rhodey suggested, putting a hand on his shoulder. It didn’t take a genius to notice how exhausted Tony was. All of this really couldn’t have come at a worse time. “They’ll be suspicious if we’re ready for them.”
. Nothing he’d endured so far had compared to this. It was its own brand of hardship, one that plenty of people went through, but seemed impossible, now that he was here.
“It’d be worth it,” Steve protested. “I’d love to kick everyone’s ass who ever hurt you. Your dad included.”
together. We’d just be a secret, Steve. My father would strangle me if he found out about us, and I know the media would have a fucking field day. Is—Are you okay with that? Are you okay with it being just us, hiding, stealing bits of happiness for ourselves?”
Tony gave his hand a squeeze, took in the exhaustion on his face. “You definitely lost sleep. How are you more tired than I am, Mr. Super Soldier?” he teased, smiling softly.
He remembered sitting out here with his mother in summers when he was little, playing with his robot figurines, reading books. He remembered Jarvis making homemade popsicles for him too, in crazy flavor combinations like strawberry-orange, which he’d named Strorange, at Tony’s request. He’d always liked sitting out here. It brought good memories to mind.
“I’m staying right here,” Steve replied, knowing exactly what he was getting at, and he dropped a kiss on his shoulder.
He couldn’t help but think of so many times when he was little, begging for his father’s attention, his affection, and getting nothing good in return. He remembered Howard yelling at him for crying, for expressing himself in ways his father didn’t approve of. He remembered being pushed away, insulted even, as he still was today. He still felt the same confusion, the same shame at it all. Tony hated feeling insecure, which was, unfortunately, what his battles with Howard left him feeling.
They jumped around in the waves, and Steve had the honor of playing a shark, chasing the others around in the surf until Peter’s giggly shrieks started to give Tony a headache, and then Steve took him into his arms, let Tony swim around a little bit by himself to cool down.
, and knowing now how much he really meant to the soldier, would do everything in his power to keep him happy. They’d only known each other a short time, all things considered, but there was a marked difference in Tony’s life before and after he met Steve, and the same could be said for Steve.
Another ripple of pleasure ran down Tony’s body. His heart was thundering in his ears, and everything felt so warm. He couldn’t think about anything but the way it felt, Steve’s hands on him, his cock in him, his voice leading him on. “I—It feels good,” Tony said breathlessly. “God, so good, Steve—so—“
Eventually, Tony shuddered in his arms, and the blond looked him over properly, blinked away his dreams, his wishes. “God, you look like you’re freezing. Where’s your jacket?” he asked, rubbing Tony’s arms, trying to get him warmer.
What were the fucking names? He had a handful of them, he was sure, had thought about them long and hard over the last few months. Why couldn’t he recall any of them right now, when it actually mattered?
Steve pulled back, grazed his teeth against the flesh of Tony’s ass. “No you’re not,” he said simply. “Because I told you not to. You wouldn’t want to misbehave again, would you?”
So he curled up on the couch, waited for Steve to come back from wherever the hell he was, fiddling with the thin, gold chain around his neck. The clock on the wall told him it was already 10, and he wondered how long Steve had been gone, and when he’d be coming back. He wondered what Steve did every morning, if he’d already eaten breakfast for himself, gone on a run or something. He wondered if Steve was a quick riser or if he lingered in bed like Tony did, unless driven to action by one project or another. He wondered a lot, and although he knew Steve pretty well, he wanted to know more, wanted to know the things he kept to himself, that he didn’t share with others. Tony wanted to know it all.
, setting a rough, punishing pace that pummeled Tony’s prostate, had him squirming and moaning uncontrollably in a matter of seconds. Steve wasn’t far behind.
“Ahh! Yes, yeah, your slut,” Tony mumbled, eyes squeezed shut. He felt impossibly horny, desperate, and humiliated in the best way. “All yours, daddy!”
He couldn’t stay in bed any longer. Tony brushed a hand over his face, rubbed his tired eyes, and blinked, looked around the room. Steve was nowhere to be found, which was a little disappointing, but not all that surprising. He didn’t really expect Steve to be next to him when he woke up. Hell, he didn’t expect to be in his
Tony had been expecting it, of course, knew exactly when Steve would reach his limit, after so much time spent together. He pulled back a little in preparation, gladly swallowed all of it, licked and sucked Steve’s cock clean with little licks, careful of his sensitivity but not clinical by any means. His beard was still a little wet with spit, and his face was flushed, but Tony grinned when he’d finished his work, took in the way Steve was laying flat against the bed, an arm covering his eyes.
The soldier could agree with that sentiment. Certain people did bring a kind of magic to their food, a kind of love. Tony shouldn’t have excluded himself from that sentiment though. Whenever he cooked, specifically his mom’s old recipes like he was going to this weekend, it also had a kind of magic. He always had to make massive portions, because Steve packed away a lot of food in general, but especially his favorites. Tony never seemed to mind, and despite his insistence on hating being in the kitchen, Steve could see the joy it brought him when someone appreciated his food.
The place seemed nice enough, simplistic and charming in a way different than most of the shops down in Manhattan, or even Brooklyn. There was a hand painted sign above the door, and an informational board at its side, announcing that this was its 78
Tony hummed a little, curled his leg over Steve’s. He loved being here, in the cradle of Steve’s arms. They were both a little sweaty, and still hadn’t washed the last traces of the ocean off beyond the quick outdoor shower at the beach, but could he be blamed for wanting a little cuddle time? He didn’t think so.
“That’s what they’ll be expecting,” Nat replied. She frowned; this situation was dismal. “Surveillance will be dialed up to 11 in the nearby towns. We can’t stay anywhere near here, and we shouldn’t try to use a phone. They’ll be tracing satellite calls for sure.”
“Someone’s tuckered out, hm?” Steve asked the little boy in his arms, swaying back and forth in the water.
“Who lives on a farm these days anyway?” he thought, but he’d apparently muttered it out loud instead, because Steve snorted.
Tony snapped the picture, waved the Polaroid around to help it develop, and walked a few feet to where they had their things, under the shade of an umbrella.
of him, because he decided to come home early after a nice dinner with his family. Naturally, Tony sprung the news on him, his hands shaking a little though he tried to hide it, and Rhodey took him by the hand, led him to the couch.
Tony regarded him for a moment, the exhaustion on his face, the sincerity in his eyes, deep and earnest and beautiful, like the night they’d bonded. Some of the pain in his neck, in his whole body, finally eased a little, and it was easier than he thought it would be to let it go, to
The false contractions eased off for a while, allowed him a few hours’ worth of rest, but came back with a vengeance, or so he thought. They turned out not to be Braxton Hicks this time at all. He just didn’t know it yet, tried to ignore the pain, watched some dumb movie with Pepper and Rhodey to take his mind off of it, and everything else.
When he was gone for good, Tony let out a sigh, practically deflated in his seat. He closed his eyes, massaged his temple—this entire situation was giving him a headache. He wanted to feel relieved, wanted to be reassured by the fact that they hadn’t been arrested, but it only served to make him more tense.
He came with a groan, hips jerking out of control, hole clenching. He came between them, the mess slicking up their stomachs. It was intense pleasure, surprisingly intense, and was over in an instant, but the after-shocks of it raised goosebumps on his skin, left him gasping. There were tears streaming from his eyes; it was so good it made him
For a second, he got the urge to kiss Steve. He wanted to, wanted to pretend that nothing bad had ever happened at all, that he’d been here the whole time, that they were happy and at peace, but…he couldn’t. Not yet. He knew if he kissed Steve now, his heart would well and truly be lost again, and he wouldn’t be in control anymore. He needed the control. There was a lot more to say, to do. Tony wasn’t going to lose himself so easily again, wasn’t going to fall entirely until he knew for sure things were okay.
He was finally getting close; the baby was in his birth canal, inching his way downward with each push. Tony could hardly breathe at this point, didn’t have the strength to keep his eyes open. Every bit of energy was focused on pushing, on getting him
But he wasn’t, wasn’t any of that, because he had Steve. Steve was keeping him safe now, was sitting next to him on a couch,
, with the one person in the world he really wanted, was his reward. It was a damn good one, he thought. It was absolutely worth all the bullshit he’d been through.
Steve had been on his way to the hospital. He and the other members of his barbershop quartet gave weekly performances there for the old folks. His mom used to work there, but she died two years prior. Steve kept up the tradition in her honor, and he liked making people happy. Weekdays he worked as an adjunct art professor, but weekends were for his singing.
They’d spent the last week and a half here in Albania, nursing Wanda back to health. Thankfully, her wound avoided infection, and was starting to heal up nicely, and they could move on soon. Natasha was looking for leads to chase again, and part of Steve hoped she wouldn’t find any. Part of him wished they would just be done, or that they’d finally get caught.
“Shh, I’ve got you,” Steve replied, squeezing his ass, pulling on the belt loops of his pants. “Take your pants off, lay on the bed for me, sweetheart.”
“You’re cruel,” the scientist huffed, stretching to pick another two apples. He let them tumble into the basket. It was pretty full now—just a few more to round out the number gathered.
him, because Tony liked it best that way, hard and fast, and Steve liked it like that too. He loved Tony, and the knowledge that no one else got to touch him, to see him like this, was unbelievably satisfying.
“Like this,” he agreed, voice soft, barely above a whisper. His hand tightened around Tony’s waist a little.
Tony…Tony was kind of losing his mind. God, he’d wanted this for so long, wanted Steve, all of him, everything he had to offer, and being in his arms, his big hands brushing against him, exploring him like he was doing now was so damn good, and it left him hot, tense and full of anticipation, and arousal was creeping into his veins, pretty damn fast actually, but suddenly he remembered last night’s misfortune, its discomfort and disgust, and suddenly he thought it’d be better to wait.
Tony still couldn’t believe all of it had happened though, that he was here right now, in Steve’s car in the middle of the night, head swimming, trying to hold himself together. It seemed surreal, and not necessarily in a good way. It was jarring and scary and had all happened so quickly, and he had just been along for the ride.
different too, but not unfamiliar, and that drove away any slow-building panic before it could sink its claws into him.
Steve, all things considered, made it work, but it irked Tony to no end, a lot more than it should, really.
Steve took a step forward, and then another, his breathing harsh, shaky, just like Tony’s was a minute ago. His face, still so handsome, still the face of Tony’s mate, was filled with such desperation that Tony could feel it in his own heart, could feel it through the ache in his neck, which seemed to increase
That made Steve’s heart flutter, like it did every time Tony asked for him. He could never resist the request, crawled across the blanket and settled at his side.
Steve scoffed a little. “We still have time,” he replied, and nuzzled Tony’s bond mark. “Plenty of time.”
Steve hit his prostate just there, made sure to press against it all the way in and out, and it sent pleasure right up Tony’s spine, had him arching up off the bed. Steve really got into it then, braced his hands on the bed on either side of the brunet’s head, bent low over him so he could thrust in deep, and soon he got a rhythm going, not too fast but not too slow, a little more relaxed than they usually took it. Time was often of the essence, or sometimes they were just impatient, liked it hard, a little rough, like all the times Tony got Steve worked up, got him heated, because he knew it’d make the blond fuck him harder, really make him feel it.
It’d been a while since they had time to themselves, and Tony had been plenty frustrated lately, with meetings and paperwork stacking up, the media hounding him for interviews, and his newest inventions keeping him up at night, so Steve wasted no time jumping him this morning, intent on taking him apart
thoroughly, making him feel good and happy and loved. He wanted to show his appreciation for everything the brunet had done for the team lately, and he was doing just that, by
“He’s right,” the nurse prompted at his other side, running a cool cloth across his overheated forehead. “Just a little more, Tony. It’ll be over before you know it. Come on, momma, don’t you wanna see your baby? Don’t you want to hold him?”
“I just taught them a lesson,” the blond said, shrugging a little. “You didn’t want to call the police, and I couldn’t let them get away with it. I couldn’t let them treat you like that.”
“I know,” Steve moaned. Suddenly, he regretted not taking his clothes off—the room felt a thousand degrees warm. But there was something satisfying about being clothed while Tony was completely naked, so he didn’t complain. He was seconds away from coming himself, honestly. Tony was tight, tighter than usual, a hot vice around his lube-slicked cock, and the way he was panting only made Steve hotter. It was so good. It was so good it was hard to
He was still angry. He would be for a long time yet, he was sure, but it wasn’t a valid excuse anymore, unfortunately. He was still sick, and he wasn’t gaining as much weight as he should, and the pain was becoming harder to endure, in more ways than one. He wanted it over with. He wanted the war to end, wanted everything to be okay again. He wasn’t sure how easy it would be to make that happen, if he could truly bring himself to commit to the truce, but he had to try. He needed Steve, and Steve needed him, and nothing would change that. He had to learn to live with it.
“God, you take me so well, don’t you?” Natasha asked, starting up a smooth motion. She gripped his hips a little tighter, put a little more power into her thrusts.
It was Peter’s first time in Italy too. They were more than a little protective of him, after all that had happened, so normally one parent or the other stayed home with him in the event of necessary travel, but he was two now, and eager to learn and see new things, and so they thought they’d give him a taste of the bigger world outside of New York and California.
your bratty little rich boy? If they knew how happy you are, how you sound when I bounce on your big dick?”
“I love you too,” the brunette replied when she finally drew back, and she brushed a hand through his hair lovingly, let her fingers sift through his golden bangs. Her beautiful brown eyes looked him over hungrily then, and a smirk formed on her lips.
And if they were caught now? If Ross got his wish, snatched them up and branded them as criminals, dispensed justice? How could Steve look Tony in the eyes, from the opposite side of a prison cell, knowing that he had led them all to this?
Steve deepened the kiss, let his tongue delve into Tony’s mouth, lick at his teeth, and Tony sighed into it a little, let himself be swept up by it, until Steve pulled back, his hands firm on Tony’s arms.
was mad at him. Some of them made that very clear from the start, and Steve probably would have too if he didn’t know how shaken Tony was. They’d fallen into bed a few hours ago with only a few words exchanged, nothing substantial, and nothing lighthearted like usual.
Tony shuddered, tried to think of a concrete number. He ran through the faces in his head of people he’d humiliated, and settled on a number. “Fifteen,” he replied. He had the decency to sound a little ashamed now.
Steve really shouldn’t have rewarded Tony’s bad behavior, because how would he ever learn? But he simply couldn’t deny Tony. He loved him too much.
Tony frowned a little. “Of course it bothers me. I’ve been dealing with it my whole life. I’ve been dealing with
Tony got up on his toes, plucked an apple from the tree. “Rocket science is easy, following logic, math, and clean-cut directions. It’s not as complicated as baking.”
His head swam, and he pulled his arms up to wipe the tears that had formed at the edges of his eyes, but then Steve was tilting his head back again. “Open up,” he said, and Tony did without hesitation, and the whole thing started over again.
The pleasure rushed up and down his body, had him whining softly as it rolled through him. Steve’s brows were knit with it, his face flushed. He came long and hard, with slow thrusts, riding it out, and a trail of his spend slid out of his partner when he withdrew, rolled over to Tony’s side.
The blond’s heart was thundering in his chest, and the room suddenly felt a thousand degrees warmer, and everything narrowed down to the feeling of Tony against him, finally,
“I couldn’t risk calling you until I got somewhere safe. I tried to get here quick, I tried so hard, it just—we couldn’t use the roads half of the time. I wanted to call, I really did. I’m so sorry.”
What could Steve say right now anyway? They were in the middle of a huge mess, with no plan, no leads. It was the middle of the night, Thor was gone, everyone was upset, they had a major target painted on their backs, and the world wasn’t looking at them favorably at the moment. Getting rest, feeling like themselves and clearing their heads was the main priority.
“Honk Honk,” he muttered, and lifted his hand to brush back Steve’s bangs lovingly. The soldier’s eyes were already closed, but he chased the touch, lifted his head a little to follow it, and that made Tony happy. “Go back to sleep,” he ordered.
The egg, cheese and bacon sandwich he was greeted with was just the thing he needed to properly wake him up, and he didn’t have a lot of time to talk while eating it. He kind of devoured it, honestly. Something so simple had never felt so good after a night of distress, of enough tears shed to fill a glass.
Their vacation was well deserved. It’d been a tough financial quarter for SI, and a string of missions that required them to step in alongside the rest of the team was cause for plenty of stress and strife. There’d been a stint in the hospital 2 months ago too, which neither wanted to repeat. It was nice to get away for a little bit, to take some time to breathe.
Eventually they made it up the stairs, and Steve fished the keys out of his pocket and opened the door.
That is, it would have been long and sweeping, if Tony hadn’t chosen just then to squeeze around his cock, and send another wave of hot, heady pleasure running up his body.
The brunet had the upper hand, he knew, and he intended on using it to get what he wanted. “You’d hate that, wouldn’t you?” he asked. “You’d hate it if I went out, hopped on the first knot I saw. Maybe that nice stranger would fill me up with his knot, fuck me silly like you won’t. Maybe I’d come home smelling like
They’d gotten a little wild already tonight, kissed for what felt like hours, running their hands along each other’s bodies, her moaning into his mouth and him wrapping her legs around his waist, pressing her into the bed, before they finally started getting to prep, shifted the focus on him. Hell, if Natasha didn’t wear waterproof makeup, her lipstick would be
“I wanted you to be comfortable,” Steve replied, shrugging a little. He found himself leaning in a little closer. It was instinct, really. “Really, it wasn’t a bother.”
Steve let out a content little sigh when Tony hummed in approval, and his hands moved up to rest on the brunet’s waist.
Steve spun him around, gave him a little shove (careful of his strength of course) towards the bed. “Get on the bed,” he ordered.
To hear what Steve had given up in exchange for Bucky’s second chance though, the consequences he had brought upon himself and his companions and his mate, brought on a layer of guilt he wasn’t sure he could shake. He wasn’t sure Steve had made the right decision, in rescuing him in Siberia. He’d given up too much for it, had burned bridges and brought only misfortune, and Bucky couldn’t help but wonder what would’ve happened if it had gone differently, if they had stayed there, tried to calm Tony down, and had the chance to apologize.
His chest ached. It ached like the day he’d come home, after Siberia. It ached like he’d been struck all over again, like Steve was still straddling him, pinning him to the ground and smashing every bit of him into pieces. Hell, had he ever stopped? Tony wasn’t sure.
“I—We saw the Treatise announcement, just now. T’challa got a message, read it to us. Tony, I—Why would you do that?” the blond asked, shaking his head in disbelief. He didn’t understand, couldn’t understand. “Why?”
“I need Tony,” the blond blurted out. That wasn’t exactly what he meant to say, and he shook his head at himself, tried again. “I-I need to call him, on a secure line. It’s an emergency.”
By the time he made it up to the penthouse, he was feeling a little nauseous, but JARVIS had informed Steve of the situation, and Steve put aside writing up their latest mission reports in favor of guiding Tony to the bedroom, helping him out of his suit and into bed.
Steve loved his stubbornness though; it matched his own. Despite their obvious differences, they were quite similar in a lot of ways, and it took close inspection and countless hours shared between them to realize it. He loved Tony, faults and all, loved that he was here right now, that he had this power over his boyfriend, this
He knew he couldn’t turn himself in, or shouldn’t, at least. That didn’t change the fact that he wanted to do it though.
Part of him wanted to come out and admit it, to throw it in Howard’s face that he and Steve were together, but he was honestly terrified of it, and what it could mean. What would Howard say? What would he do? Tony thought his mother might be more understanding, had surely seen the lovesick look in Tony’s eyes whenever he was around Steve, and they happened to be in the same room together, but Howard? Everything Tony did seemed to disappoint him. Maybe this would too. But maybe it wouldn’t, because he admired Steve so much, had honestly been a little obsessed with finding him during Tony’s childhood, and the brunet wasn’t sure if Howard’s approval would make it all better or worse.
Peter nodded at the question enthusiastically, and reached out for him too. He rarely passed up the chance to be in Tony’s arms. “I swim,” he confirmed.
He did his best to stay casual about it, but he couldn’t help but flirt with Steve sometimes, and try to gauge his reaction. Steve never seemed to mind, would usually laugh it off or flush beautifully pink, and sometimes he’d shoot back a wisecrack, and sometimes a tired reprimand if it was over the comms during a fight or something, but he never said
. The memory of that was vivid, entirely pleasant, wrapped up around him like a good dream, even if he was back in reality.
was, and not many people did. Hell, that was part of why Steve had fallen for him so quick. Tony had a way of reading people, even if he was a little oblivious to their intentions.
He waited, and waited, all alone, and a little scared, and trying to keep it all together. He thought he might throw up at one point, or collapse, or go into hysterics, but managed to swallow it all down, let out a miserable moan instead, shed more tears.
“That’s what I thought,” Steve replied, amused with his partner’s silence. He let Tony’s leg fall to the bed again, and slid his hands up the length of the brunet’s body. The silk of his suit felt wonderful beneath his fingertips. “Take off your jacket and tie,” he said.
aroused, had been for the better part of twenty minutes now, and thought it was high time to do something about it.
How was he supposed to get Steve here, when he couldn’t even talk to him? When he didn’t even know where he was? How was he supposed to bring him here when he was a wanted criminal? How were they supposed to repair their relationship, make everything better when he still felt so much hatred, so much disappointment, especially now, knowing that this was really
“Well, stop it,” Steve protested, leaning down and hiding his face in the crook of Tony’s neck. He brought his hands down, let them settle at the brunet’s waist. “Don’t ruin our perfectly good afternoon by talking about that asshole. If I ever see him…”
Rhodey wished it was over now. He wished he could make it over, for his friend’s sake. He took in the exhaustion on Tony’s face, the way it was flushed and clammy, and how he trembled slightly. He’d spent hours listening to Tony struggling, his strained babbling. All Rhodey could offer to fix it were words.
Steve’s hands were balled into fists on the bed, and he couldn’t help but push his hips up, to chase that smooth, tight heat. It felt so damn good there were chills running down his spine, and he could feel the pressure building, could feel himself nearing that peak.
“You know I-I don’t know yet,” Steve admitted, and it made his heart flutter with something he hadn’t felt in so long—excitement. He was going home. He was going to see Tony. He was going to see
and accuse me of sabotage when I’m the only fucker on the team who supported the Accords right away?” he snapped.
“How many are we taking?” Tony asked, glancing down at the basket in his arms. “Feels like we could feed the whole team with pies if we fill this up.”
God, he couldn’t believe two years had already passed since he came into the world. He still remembered holding him for the first time, just a tiny bundle, hardly able to keep his eyes open. He was so little.
His mate didn’t have to be told twice. Steve adjusted his position a little, and pulled back. He pushed forward, with one long, deep thrust, that had them both gasping, and then he went to work.
Tony leaned up into it, and his eyes fluttered when their lips met. He melted into it entirely, all of the fear and tension he’d been unable to escape tonight finally disappearing. It didn’t last all that long; it was just a small, tender kiss, which in itself was kind of a miracle, because people normally kissed Tony hard and fast, like they were stealing bits of him away. Steve wasn’t stealing anything. He kissed Tony like he was precious, irreplaceable, like he was something special. It felt good to kiss him. It felt right.
? The thought that everything had been for nothing, that they were truly in the wrong, made him feel more shame than he thought was possible.
to let you go. I want you to be mine, Steve, and I have from the first fucking time I spoke to you.”
Every day he marveled at his relationship with Tony, at the love he was lucky enough to have. Tony trusted him absolutely, with everything, with all of himself, and it was equal parts humbling and arousing. Tony always made Steve feel larger than himself, made him feel like…like he mattered, somehow, in a real way, not in the way the history books said he did. It was something personal, something special, and Steve loved it, wouldn’t trade it for anything in the world.
Tony brushed his wet hair out of his eyes, smiled at the two of them, standing up in the water. “I think it’s an ‘uh huh.’ Let’s head home,” he said.
look gorgeous, like he always did. His hair was mussed up a bit too, and his face flushed, but the hunger in his eyes, the adoration there, was bone-chillingly appealing, had the brunet’s desire ratcheting up even higher. God, he loved Steve.
It was so fucking good, overwhelmingly good after going so long without the sensation, and when she ran her hands up his thighs, gripped his hips to pull him a little closer, his cock pulsed, the low-simmering heat in his core spiking. “Oh…”
“After finding out how things are really going, I guess I can’t blame him,” Sam sighed. He rubbed the back of his neck.
“This is humiliating,” Tony sighed as Steve took a few steps, got him closer to the tree. He pulled off another apple, leaned over a little to let it fall in the basket.
First fic after a major blow to my self confidence. Hopefully this will set me on the right track. Also, this was one of the kinks people said they wanted to see from me so here we are :) Hope you enjoy it! Shorter than the other chapters in this story so far, but hey, they can't all be super long hehe
“Fuck is right,” Steve murmured, feeling that same intensity, that soul-wrenching desire, and he gave him another, softer kiss.
“Last month, I think,” he replied, and couldn’t help but move his hips, try to get a little pressure on his aching cock. He was getting a little desperate. “Too long ago.”
The doctor nodded. “He will. Once the sickness withdraws entirely, the symptoms will go away. He’ll be strong and healthy. It’s just a matter of getting to that point.”
Steve was quiet for a moment. He didn’t know exactly what to say, and he was still half-asleep, honestly. At the end of the day he was a soldier, and could make himself sleep pretty much anywhere during a mission. It was at home, when there was nothing going on, that he struggled to get his body to cooperate, that his thoughts ran wild or his sleep sometimes ended up troubled.
He looked miserable, honestly. His face was a little pale, his eyes a little glazed. Steve didn’t need any convincing when Tony grabbed his hand to lay down with him in bed. The brunet wasn’t always good at expressing what he needed, often denied himself of proper help, but once in a while he had the courage to ask for what he needed, and right now, he needed Steve.
Tony groaned, grasped at the blond’s forearms. “That’s an exaggeration,” he protested, but he couldn’t deny how the words pleased him.
Steve used to be embarrassed about hickeys, always insisted they be kept hidden for propriety’s sake, but after getting married, after proclaiming to the world that they belonged together forever? He didn’t care so much about that, or PDA in general.
Steve’s skin was warm, smooth against his. He still smelled like sunscreen and seawater, his face a little pink from the sunburn he’d gotten because he forgot to reapply coverage earlier. His hands—god they were so big—brushed down Tony’s sides, gentle, but warm, their heat leaving goosebumps in his wake.
She emphasized her final words with sharp thrusts, adjusted her position a little to give him the rougher pace he was after. Steve was a super soldier after all, so she didn’t have to be that careful, and he didn’t
He would resent being called a brat though, even if he knew it was true. “I’m not a brat,” he insisted, reached up to yank at Steve’s tie.
“A huge part,” Steve replied. He scratched his beard. “It feels like…I don’t know who I am anymore. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
Tony melted into his grasp, pressed himself closer, smiling softly. He smiled like Steve was the greatest thing he’d ever seen, and suddenly every bad thought, every problem, and even the risk of the promise they’d just made faded away. It felt so nice, being here. It was easy to forget his troubles, to pretend they didn’t exist. All that mattered was the two of them, together.
Peter shook his head at the accusation, muttered a “Nuh uh!” but he was clearly just trying to save face.
“Beautiful,” Steve muttered, dripping lube all over his fingers. “Relax for me, sweetheart, let me spread you open, fill you so good.”
“Oh fuck, Steve, fuck me already,” Tony said, exhaled softly. He wiped Steve’s saliva off of his face with his arm.
Tony nodded dreamily at him, shifted his hips a little to encourage the soldier to move again. He was sensitive, but not unbearably so, more pleased than anything, loose and easy and malleable. Hell, even if he was over-stimulated, he still wouldn’t deny Steve. He’d never deny him anything. “Of course, baby… Always.”
Tony’s heart fluttered at that, and he squirmed a little on the bed. “Right now I’d settle for your cock,” he joked, but it was only to cover his ass, to hide just how much Steve’s words affected him, how much he loved them.
Natasha checked the integrity of her guns, counted her spare ammunition. She checked the cut on her forehead; it’d stopped bleeding a while ago now.
He plopped down on Steve’s couch, spread out at first, but then thought better of it, after tonight’s events, and curled up tight, his legs to his chest and his head leaning on the arm rest. The couch was surprisingly comfortable, or maybe Tony was just getting tired. He studied the scrape on his hand, frowned at it as if he could make it disappear with just his hatred.
Steve did just that. His restraint slipped rather quickly, after waiting for it so long, and desperation took over within seconds. His thrusts were hard and fast, enough to push Tony up the bed a little, and the brunet grasped at the sheets in response, a jolt of pleasure running through him with every thrust. The slap of skin echoed in the room alongside their moans, and eventually Steve dropped Tony’s legs in favor of bending over him, crowding him, a low, dominant growl reverberating in his throat that raised goosebumps on Tony’s skin.
than it really was. Tony knew that for a fact, because when Steve was out of the uniform, in his civilian clothes, his ass was just. The best sight in the world. You could bounce a quarter off of that thing, and Tony regularly had to stop himself from trying it out. If he walked behind the soldier on their way to conference rooms in SHIELD HQ, or strategically placed himself so that he had a view of Steve’s ass at the thank you banquet the mayor of NYC threw after the battle, simply to drink his fill of that impressive, round,
There were few things he enjoyed sketching more than Tony and Peter. They made a lovely composition now, with the Alpha curled around their child a little, distracted by the book he’d grabbed after getting Peter settled.
Steve thought the same thing. The hand around Tony’s waist curled up his body in response to his sudden discomfort, dragging Tony that much closer with it, until Steve could brush his fingers through the tufts of hair at the nape of the scientist’s neck. That always seemed to help him a little bit.
in the way that would make the soldier’s cheeks go red. He played the sweet boy, and turned around and became sultry in mere seconds. He pressed himself against Steve at any opportunity, all but sat in his lap, and that was just because he didn’t want his dad finding out about his little crush, if he bothered to pay attention more than the five minutes it took to yell at Tony about something. Tony turned on the charm
Steve’d been looking forward to this a while. Regular sex was just as good, just as amazing, and hell, he loved just cuddling too, or just spending time with Tony in general, but there was something a little more special about it like this, and how accepting Tony was, how much he embraced this side of Steve, and they both loved it.
Tony felt a lump growing in his throat again, but this time he didn’t mind so much. He laughed breathlessly, Steve’s words warming him, smoothing away his worries, his doubts, if only for a moment. He would take this moment, and every other moment given. “If you’re still trying to make up for being late, you’ve done it,” Tony said, smiling up at him.
wrecked, even though he was the one doing the fucking. Tony’s body just drove his own insane, and his personality, his soul, drove the soldier’s
It didn’t take long for them to towel off and gather their things. It was about a ten minute walk to the back of the house, with Steve carrying their toddler and Tony carrying their beach bags and umbrella, and by the time they got to the garden, Peter’s eyes had closed, and his mouth was agape, breathing calmly.
The brunet lifted himself up by his elbows, sunk his teeth into Steve’s shoulder in retaliation. It could barely be counted as a bite, just the slightest impression of his teeth, and he followed it up with a kiss, and then another to Steve’s neck, and then his jaw.
Upon noticing Steve walking up to them, Thor looked up, giving him a small smile. Tony then turned around to see what had Thor distracted, and beamed at Steve as well.
“I am absolutely more attractive in this!” Tony exclaimed, still holding onto Steve. “Come on, Steve. Tell him.”
The movie passed by quickly, and by the time they were nearing the end, Steve was no longer paying attention. He knew he should be, but instead his eyes were fixed on Clint and Natasha. Natasha had her arm wrapped around Clint’s shoulders and pulled him in close to her. Clint was visibly sobbing, though quietly, and clutching Natasha’s shirt in his fists, seemingly unconcerned that he was crying in front of all of them. Bruce had reached over and was softly rubbing Clint’s leg in an effort to comfort him.
“I, uh, have something for you,” Tony said, then turned around and dug through the drawer behind him. He pulled out another tie and brought it over to Steve, standing between Steve’s spread knees.
Steve just chuckled, rubbing his hand against Tony’s back. The fabric of the shirt was surprisingly soft, much softer than any shirts Steve owned. He slid his hand down to the hem of the shirt at Tony’s back, rubbing it between his fingers. Wearing it probably felt nice. Maybe not in the heat of summer, but it seemed… comfortable. Almost delicate. And the color… Steve didn’t own any pink. Maybe he could get away with buying something like this sometime.
Steve was currently sitting on the end of their bed, buttoning up his shirt when Tony walked out of the bathroom, nearly ready, hair fully styled. He looked incredible, and Steve couldn’t help but trail his gaze up and down Tony’s form. Tony grinned at the scrutiny and leaned up against the dresser casually.
Thor beamed at that before shedding his crop top and jumping into the pool. Tony groaned dramatically, leaning into Steve.
He watched as Tony unraveled it and carefully looped it around his neck, staring down at Tony’s hands as they tied it for him. As Tony finished, Steve looked up at him, and he had no idea what his expression looked like. It must have been something desperate, because Tony was still frowning slightly.
As soon as he pushed the balcony door open, though, he paused. Both Tony and Thor were standing facing each other on the edge of the pool near the lounge chairs, Thor glaring while Tony gestured around wildly; Natasha was lying on a pool floatie, sunglasses on, fully ignoring them both.
Tony, who had sat up excitedly upon Steve walking into the room, walked over to Steve before stopping just short of him. He looked down at Steve’s sweat-soaked shirt and grimaced.
“I, um. I’ll be back in a few to make those eggs,” he said, taking one last look and swallowing thickly before bolting out of the room, ignoring Tony staring at him like he was a puzzle to be solved.
It was one of the few weekends Tony had managed to get an actual day off from Stark Industries work, and had declared it a pool day for anyone who had free time, which was everyone except Bruce and Clint. Steve was currently on his way to the outdoor pool (not the indoor one, Tony had emphasized), towel wrapped around his shoulders.
Steve and Tony looked over to Natasha as well. She was still lying on the floatie and didn’t even look over to them.
“I know. I’m only here for a second then I’ll go shower and come back to make eggs and bacon. You’re both welcome to have some, but I need to shower first. No one wants sweat in their eggs,” he said, opening the fridge and pouring himself a glass of orange juice. He leaned back against the counter and watched the two of them.
The next time it happened, it was a few months later, and summer was just around the corner. Every day felt like it was getting hotter, and Steve was starting to prefer running on a treadmill to the heat of the outdoors, and he hated running on a treadmill.
Steve looked away from the shirt and into Tony’s eyes where that puzzled look was back. He didn’t seem upset, just curious, searching Steve’s gaze for
Steve had no idea what Tony was talking about, but let it go, giving Tony a small nod. Tony hadn’t led him astray yet; Steve trusted him. He’d look at whatever Tony wanted.
after hearing Jane and Darcy talk about it a few weeks ago, and everyone else had agreed without much complaint.
Steve walked up to the two of them, eyes trained on first, how good Tony looked in his, then getting distracted by how Thor looked in his own. Despite his large size, the crop top fit him well, and he almost had a gentleness about him, though that was eliminated by the scowl on his face.
Steve’s breath caught in his throat once he got a good look at his, and he felt heat flood his body. From mortification, or want, Steve didn’t know, but he just continued staring at the tie.
After another moment, Tony pulled away, much to Steve’s disappointment, but looked equally disheartened. He stood up and held out his hand to Steve.
But the thing that caught Steve’s eye was what both Tony and Thor were wearing. They were both wearing the exact same crop top, bright pink and flowy with the Avengers logo on it. It had been a joke merchandise item Tony had come up with a few weeks ago, but he had apparently actually made up some of them.
The second time Steve noticed something was a few weeks later. He had just gotten back to the tower after his morning run and was starving. Rather than heading for the shower, he went straight to the communal kitchen, desperate for an apple, or something, just to hold him over so he could get clean.
It was just another part of his everyday life at this point, simple passing thoughts as he went about his day, stopping by the SHIELD offices or working out or perusing the grocery store and getting overwhelmed, despite having been in the future for nearly a year now.
“Yeah,” Bruce said, sitting up and looking down at his feet. “Her and I have been having some late night talks when neither of us can sleep. I did hers while she did mine. It helps her calm down, I guess.”
Steve’s heart fluttered in his chest and he pressed harder against Tony’s lips, trying to pour all of his love into that simple gesture. He could feel Tony’s lips curve into a smile, and Steve couldn’t resist doing the same. His hands camp up to grasp Tony’s face, thumbs rubbing over his cheeks, and Steve felt Tony laugh against his lips.
“Sorry, Thor. I have to go with my boyfriend on this one. But I’m biased,” Steve said, ignoring Tony’s victory screech.
He threw back the rest of his juice and put his glass down on the counter next to the sink with a little more force than necessary, walking out of the room. He paused in the doorway, turning back, looking at Tony, Bruce, then the color on Bruce’s toes, the bright green shining at him, almost taunting. Tony was staring at him now, looking concerned. He opened his mouth to say something, but Steve cut him off.
that coursed through him at that threw him off guard, and he tightened his grip on his glass instinctively before forcing himself to relax, not wanting to shatter it.
Steve didn’t put up much of a fight, anyway. It was nice to stretch out, and the gentle touch of Tony’s hands on his ankles was nice. This thing between them was still relatively new, but Steve relished in any bit of attention Tony would give him.
Movie nights had quickly become a Thing, with a capital “T,” after the events of the Chitauri invasion, all of them secretly desperate for some sort of camaraderie, and those nights had just as quickly become Steve’s favorite part of the 21st century.
It was a pale pink with a cascade of flowers all over it, soft darker pinks and greens, and Steve both wanted and didn’t want it so much his brain practically stuttered to a stop.
Suddenly, Steve’s palms felt sweaty and he could feel his cheeks heating up, so he pulled himself away from Tony. He tossed his towel onto the lounge chair nearby and walked over to the edge of the pool, sitting down on the edge and sticking his feet in the water. When he turned back to look over his shoulder, Tony was still watching him.
Sure, he was observant before all that, but now it was like it had been dialed up to eleven. It was extremely helpful on the battlefield and when the Avengers were called out, but even when he wasn’t actively on alert, he noticed things. He noticed the hushed conversations between two people in the cafe he liked to frequent; he noticed the subtle shake of someone’s hands as they rode the subway, unable to rid the winter chill from their bones; he noticed the way people’s eyes lingered on him as they passed on the street, as much as they tried to be discreet about it.
But now, here in the 21st century, people seemed to have no problem with men showing such affection. Clint didn’t seem concerned, and none of the others were ridiculing him, only giving him comforting touches or looks of sympathy. The line between masculinity and femininity that Steve had thought was rigid seemed to be constantly blurring in front of his eyes.
The first time he noticed something relating to this… issue, was during a group movie night with the rest of the Avengers.
Every 4th of July they would collect all of the coins out of it and the amount of money that got collected during the year went to the scholarship program of their college.
The third reason he liked the tradition was that when you put a coin in the fountain while other students were present there always is somebody to wish this person good luck for their test and that was really cool.
“I'm so tired” he heard the male voice again and something in that voice was really familiar but Steve couldn't quite pinpoint what it was.
Natasha was beautiful. If you looked at her you would not be able to find one mistake in her physic.
The truth was Tony's nightly activities did not leave Steve unaffected multiple times Steve had gotten a hard one at, how he told himself, the noises Tony's companions for the night made.
On the other hand Clint hid his body under clothes so big they would be loose on Steve and to distract people from his secrets he talked loud and a lot.
He probably wasn't even there first choice anyway. The chances were pretty high that they just thought because of his physical appearance he would jump at any chance to get a girlfriend so they assumed he was easier to get than the other boys.
He was not exaggerating his roommate Tony possessed a similar suit and had told him how much it was worth. Also 80 dollars was the budget his mom had for food in a month.
Natasha was really scary and even though over time she showed Steve a little bit of a soft side she didn’t got less dangerous.
Sam's dark skin was smooth and looked really soft the bright red shirt he was wearing gave a nice contrast.
Seriously? Can’t this guy just leave? First his mother's bedroom and now his favorite coffee place? He really did not want to deal with this right now so he decided to just turn around and go back home, he would see Tony again early enough. He turned and wanted to start running but instead ran into another person, who stumbled back and fell back down onto the floor. The blode had an apology aöready on his lips when he saw who hw just ran over and no way! The world was definetly fucking with him! There was no way that he just bumped into Tony while his only thought was to avoid Tony. What irony!
Checking the clock, he noticed that it was only 5:30. His mom would probably not be awake yet but maybe that way he could skweez in a little morning run before making some breakfast.
And that’s exactly what he did ok Steve did not go right about that one and gave Tony a perfect opportunity to get mad at him and to get away. Even though Steve wanted to avoid Tony at first after he bumped into him he wanted answers but he went the wrong way about it.
Clint ones said that being vulnerable was different and harder for Natasha than it was for most people and Steve wanted to respect that.
The sound of the front door opening and closing startled Steve for a second till he remembered that it was just Tony leaving the house.
Then finally the man turned his head just so slightly that Steve could see half of his face and realized that this was a very young person and not just any young person but a really well known Tony Stark! What the fuck!! How? How? Why? Why was this man coming out of his mom's bedroom? Even worse the bedroom they both Tony and his Mom spend the night in together! How was that not a mean prank the universe was pulling on Steve?
Tony looked at his feet still sitting on the floor and not showing any signs of getting up,”Oh you now just getting coffee and breakfast”
All the papers due next week were written and he was really looking forward to spending time with his mom and not to study for ones.
The walls weren't really thick and Tony did not seem to mind that Steve was right next door. Steve actually tried to talk with Tony about that he was very loud and he could basically hear every word, every moan and every grunt. Tony just shrugged it off of and and told Steve he just wanted to share his pleasure with him him and laughed at how hard Steve had to blush at his comment.
The footballer knew there was no way he was gonna asked his mom about it. It had to be Tony but this would have to wait now. Tony drove away in his car leaving Steve behind for a third time this weekend with his head full disturbing scenarios how the next time they met would go down.
His original plan was to drive on a Saturday in the morning but then his roommate Tony, who was so freaking annoying, announced that he would be going out tonight, which normally meant that he would come back to the dorm with some girl,  Steve decided to already go this evening.
No he would like to look back one day at his first time and be able to say it was good, it was with the right person, a person he cared for or even loved and it was a good time.
But the footballer didn't really want that. The girls who were interested in him in high school were nice but obviously desperate because everybody started having boyfriends and they didn't.
When Clint felt comfortable with somebody he sometimes dropped little things about himself but never to much to put himself in a vulnerable place.
But again Steve didn't want that of course he wants to be somebody's first choice but because they knew him or want to get to know him as a person. And he wants his first time to be with someone special. The blond was aware of the fact how cheese that sounds but it was the truth.
“Oh hey Steve”  Tony said definitely trying to sound casual but there was clearly a bit of shaking in the boys voice. Was he nervous? Tony was never nervous. Maybe it was him feeling guilty?
Now Steve was the first choice, the guy the less popular girls were to afraid to ask out and the guy who could have any panties he wants.
Steve and Bucky were just unpacking Bucky's stuff in his new room when Sam walked in and introduced himself.
“No I was in Brooklyn at a party and then I went to check out the coffee place. I told you I was going out.” Tony's nervousness was getting more and more with each word.
Steve was back in his room I'm the matter of seconds so Tony wouldn't see him. He just couldn't understand the world anymore. He didn't know who he was more shocked by his mom or Tony? No no it had to be Tony how dare he sleep with his mom.
Steve walked up the stairs planning to go right to his room, the last door on the left but as he walked past his mother's room he had to stop. There were noises coming out of his mother's room. Even though Steve didn't want to eavesdrop but he was concerned.
And don't forget Tony I'm not sure they would like each other. I know I really need to see her again I haven't seen her in like a month.”
Steve was a total virgin. The furthest he had ever gone was a kiss with tongue and that was at a party on a dare.
When his other friends started to talk about sex, well mostly Sam because Climt and Natasha obviously didn't like to share about that either, Steve tried to walk away or avoid being asked something. He was in college and a virgin he does not have the urge to share that with others.
I know it's been ike forever since I wrote an update but I'm trying to post more often now. I hope you like it. Maybe Im going to edit the other chapters if I have time because somtimes I read over them and think "What the hell did I write there"
The young college student opened his door to go to the bathroom right across the floor when he heard muffled noises and another door opening.
Hey new chapter and this in under a week. Must be a record for me. But I think I'm gonna try to post at least once a week from now on. Let me now if you like it, I always love a feedback.
When Steve arrived in his room he just fell down on his bed and was out like a light in two minutes but his sleep was definitely not peacefully, his mind wandering around his mom and the mystery man.
After a few seconds it was obvious that the noises were people talking and one of them was definitely male. Oh fuck, his mother had a man in her bedroom. Steve starred at the door like it personally killed his puppy. How could somebody dare to touch his mother. In that moment a noise that was a mix out of a moan or a whine got through the door a voice saying “That is so nice, to have somebody that takes care of you”
The first time got less and less a big deal over time for a lot of people and Steve was totally fine with that. There is nothing wrong with a person who loses their virginity in high school to a one night stand as long as it was their and their partners mutual decision.
Out of his closet he got fresh clothes he didn’t take with him when he left for college, towel and shampoo would be in the bathroom.
So he decided just to go to bed. He wasn't hungry after all the chips and beer he just eat earlier the day.
He could feel how a weight was lifted off his shoulders, because he knew this was home and it’s  safe.
After that she would go on and on about how clean it is and tell me about caring more about my health since I'm in college now and act responsible.
Tony shrugged “Well you know me I love good coffee and someone told me that this place had the best, so I had to check it out. I must tell you it was definitely worth it.” with these words Tony stood up and tried to get the dust of his pants.
Not that college was dangerous, at least not more dangerous than Brooklyn but nothing could ever make Steve feel the same as home.
“Nothing, don't get all worked up about it punk Sam was just making a joke, don't sweat it Cap.”,Bucky laughed: “Your mum is the best anyway and I get it I would probably be worried if my mom didn't have my dad and Becka”
But when you are this close and basically see the other person's house as a second home there were more than one occasion that they walked in on each other.
She is complaining, that since I left for college she never gets to see me and if I wouldn't come visit her soon she would come here to visit me and then there would be drama.
Even though Steve and Bucky were close Steve did not need to know what Bucky was doing with his partners.
Back in his room Steve searched around for his backpack to put the important stuff he needed for this weekend in it. It wasn't much mostly some clothes and his favorite shirt to sleep in.
Steve walked out of Bucky and Sam dorm and jogged to his own dorm on the other side off the ground with the big statue of Lincoln.
Bucky stopped the fight and took Stove home where his mom patched him up even though Steve insisted he could just go home and wait till his mom would be back from work and let her do it.
Even though Steve was not sure what he took the girls were definitely being to hard on the little boy for some little siblings fight.
Of course little Stevie thought it was great when people gave that much money for charity but even then he also knew that the suit the guy was wearing was worth the same as 2 years rent for their apartment.
He said goodbye to Sam and Bucky and waved to the ceiling there was a 50/50 chance Clint was up there.
They met when Steve got in a fight with some older girls who were picking on a boy, who Steve knew was even younger than him.
So Bucky always teased that Steve as a hopeless romantic but Steve didn’t care. What Steve cared about right now was the man in his mother's bedroom. He tried to listen again to what was going on.
Her arms and legs were slim and fine nobody could imagine which strength could be behind them until they witnessed it.
He was also wearing thigh pants in which his thighs looked amazing. Bucky had a thing for strong legs.
Steve looked at his Phone it was 9:30 PM not super late but he knew his mom liked to get a lot of sleep and needed it because her job as a nurse was really exhausting.
It was tradition for students who lived on the west campus to throw a coin in it before an important test for good luck.
It gave the students a sense of solidarity and being there for each other even if it is just with a few encouraging words.
Steve was not stupid or naive he did not expect to get married to the person he would lose his V-Card to nor that it will be the most magical thing that would ever happen to him. But he wants it to happen with a person he felt safe with sharing such a gift.
If he was not he was either out with his girlfriend Natasha or things got to much for him and he would be in the vents.
Second: Nobody knows if you put money in their or not because tests were for different people at different time so if you forgot or just didn't have the money nobody would judge you like in church.
When you meet Clint you might not think he could keep a secret because he talked basically nonstop, it was horrible ocean of noises whenever he and Tony saw each other, but it was most of the time just rambling.
And it wasn't as if there were no offers. Even in high school when he was just a scrawny little kid one or two girls were interested in him. And now that he was a college football player with an, how Tony phrased it, American Pie smile and baby blue eyes and muscles like Adonis, people were throwing themselves at him to offer him there bodys.
The boy basically knew every stone ever bird and every tree on his route. There wasn’t much that could surprise Steve but one of these things that could was Tony Stark's car right in front of the coffee shop.
Natasha put her body on display to hide her soul deeper but also didn't hide that she was mysterious.
So he had three options when his roommate planned on bringing somebody with him, take a cold shower, listen to music on his headphones or leave the dorm.
“Just go to bed sweety, everything is fine” he heard his mother answer. So the guy would stay the night? Was that a good sign? Steve didn’t know.
“Oh I’m sorry! I didn’t know I had to check with you what I do and don’t. Where I am and where I go and at what time. No really I’m sorry that I forgot that you're allowed to decide about my life. You know what I’m gonna go to my car now, sit down and drive back to school I hope that is ok with you? If it’s not well that would be to bad because I would not give a shit.”
After he changed, he grabbed his phone, checked the time, it was now 6:13 and wrote a note to his mom that she knew why his car was in front of the house but he wasn’t there and went out of the door.
So Steve saved at the ceiling if Clint would be there he would see it if he wasn't nobody would know that he just waved to an empty vent.
She was hoping up and down on Bucky while his dick got buried deep in her vagina and her red hair was moving with her.
From what Steve heard before he ran to help the boy was that he apparently took something from his big sister who was one of the girls.
Steve had other people he hung out with but these were the people he was closest to and he thought it was pretty amazing to have them.
“Yes Steve I didn't mean anything by it. You know we love your mom even though she doesn't bake as good cookies as my mom does.” Sam buts in to reassure Steve that he didn't meant to hurt his feelings.
Steve knew exactly where the best places where to go running, he knew where not to go. Before he got healthy he used to walk these streets with Bucky and after that he started to go running.
, then none of this would have happened. He thought of his phone call with Tony a week and a half ago, how angry and hurt the brunet had sounded, the biting tone, the sharp reprimands, all well deserved. But he also thought about how Tony had said ‘I love you,’ even if it wasn’t said as freely as in the past. So Tony did still love him, right? Despite it all, he still loved Steve, wanted to
Tony took a deep breath, loosened his tie and looked over the table again. Maybe he should just put it away, forget the whole thing. Maybe Steve didn’t want any of this in the first place. Maybe he’d
With Steve, it was different. With Steve, he wanted to try new things, wanted to experience every facet of pleasure available, in and out of the bedroom. He wanted anything and everything Steve would give him, wanted everything possible.
“Please,” Steve said, tone pleading. “I need to talk to him as soon as possible. I had a secure phone, but I lost it, and we were being chased. I couldn’t risk walking into a store and trying to buy a new one. Couldn’t risk a pay phone because—”
For now, he was stuck in bed, with his child at his side, either in his arms, or in the bassinet next to him. He hardly set him down. Every moment Tony spent awake was filled embracing him, feeding him, comforting him while the TV on the wall across from him droned on with random movies or shows. Tony didn’t really focus on them. He couldn’t focus on anything but the tiny face staring back at him, the big brown eyes that blinked up at him as he spoke, told Peter how much he was loved, how much he was cherished, and all of the things that he’d soon discover.
The wind picked up then, stronger than before. It practically shook the apartment with the sudden gust, and the rain beat against the window like spilled grains of rice. They both turned to the window to watch it happen, and within a couple of seconds, the lights in the house flickered, and went out. The TV shut off with a little burst of static. Thunder rumbled overhead, as it had been intermittently, but much louder this time.
“I know,” Tony said. “I…I’m sorry too, for pushing you away. It just hurt too much in the moment, and I was mad. I’m still mad, actually, but…you’re my best friend, and I don’t want to keep going on like this. I need you, Jim, and so does your godson.”
. Tony didn’t have time, didn’t have a chance to figure it all out for himself. No matter how much he wanted to push Steve away, he couldn’t fight it anymore, and half of him didn’t
“I don’t have to try to do anything, especially when I know it won’t end up well! We’re way past you telling me what to do. I was right about everything, but it still doesn’t matter, does it? Even now you won’t listen to me!”
“I’ll be right back,” Steve assured the brunet when they arrived at the house, gave him a firm nod. His eyes were earnest, piercing, made Tony feel naked and wrapped up in his embrace all in one.
Tony let out a little sigh at that, managed to take the Alpha’s words to heart. He smiled a little, leaned up and nosed at Steve’s bond mark, relished in the quiet wave of contentment that spread through him at his scent, at their connection.
A few minutes later, Tony and Steve were spread out on opposite sides of a soft blanket, Peter laying between them, a pillow tucked under his head. They’d taken his hat off, and Tony brushed a hand through his honey-brown curls as he lounged on his side, looking around the familiar garden. Steve was sat across from him, a sketchbook and pencil in hand.
Rhodey’d heard all of this already, and so had Pepper. They had time to process it all while Tony was resting, to lament, but it didn’t make it any easier to hear a second time, especially when Tony’s face was filled with dread now, pale and exhausted. They couldn’t imagine how he felt.
“What—I wanna hold him,” Tony insisted, ignoring his pain. His hazy eyes fixed on Pepper now, pleading.
Tony tried not to even entertain that idea. This was Steve he was talking about. The man had survived being frozen in ice for decades. He could survive whatever situation he was in right now, Tony was sure of it.
It was fun keeping Steve in suspense sometimes, making him wonder if the answer really was yes. Tony had never denied him when asked, and the same was said the other way around. They were usually on the same page, when it came to being in the mood. It was one of the few topics they’d never argued about (except maybe the day…no. Neither wanted to think about that. That memory was better left behind).
natural, the cadence of his voice casual and too familiar. Looking at Ultron was like looking into a twisted mirror, and the thought made Tony’s entire body tense, made his lungs seize momentarily. He let out a sudden harsh breath.
The sound hit Steve harder than he expected, though he shouldn’t have been surprised. There was just—there was so much sensation, and slow building desperation after waiting so long for this, dreaming about it. It sent a flash of arousal through him, and that greedy little voice in the back of his mind wanted more, was
The young woman at the front desk said there’d be baskets available at the orchard to fill and bring back. Sure enough, at the entrance to the orchard stood a pile of large wooden baskets, neatly stacked. When they made it there, Tony picked one up, inspected it for a moment, and turned to look at the soldier.
“Well, at least you’re all here, except for miss Maximoff,” he started. “That makes it easier to discuss your decision and response.”
He lifted a hand, brushed Tony’s bangs back from his face. “You’re smart, quick-witted, and can talk just about anybody under the table. It’s impressive, intimidating, and a little sexy, but you didn’t hear it from me,” Steve said, and he couldn’t hide his happy little smile if he tried.
bread too, when Steve knew that Tony wasn’t a fan of baking. When Steve caught sight of the table, his mouth watered a little. He was pretty hungry. On closer look than when he came in the door, it really looked amazing.
He’d sent Rhodey away a few hours ago to get some rest. Tony was comfortable enough in the medbay, and help was only a button press away. He couldn’t deny it felt lonely, though. It was late, later than he wanted it to be, but he couldn’t seem to sleep. He couldn’t seem to do anything but lie there, staring at the vertical blinds covering the window, the slits of moonlight cutting across the floor between their gaps.
“I couldn’t imagine having to drive 6 hours to reach Manhattan,” Tony agreed, buckling up. “I mean, what do people
“I don’t know,” Rhodey admitted, sighing tiredly. “We’ve all made bad decisions at some point or another. It just so happens his bad decision makes me wanna beat the shit out of him, but that wouldn’t solve anything. The best thing to do is…try to forget it, I guess. Or at least, find a way to live with it.”
It didn’t take Tony long at all to cum like that, with Steve moaning above him, encouraging him, giving him kisses, telling him how gorgeous he was.
Despite the things he’d been through, Tony was remarkably well adjusted, and had an incredibly big heart. It wasn’t until their relationship got a little more serious that Tony began expressing his doubts, his insecurities, and sharing his experiences. Steve had been entirely enchanted by him at that point, and there was very little Tony could ever admit that would drive him away. Steve had a lot of friends, and a few best friends, but the connection he shared with Tony was something else entirely, and he assured the brunet that he loved him, even his not-so-good qualities, just like Tony loved him in return.
Tony didn’t think he deserved it. He knew what Steve was doing, that he was saying it all to make him feel better, but he couldn’t deny the way it pleased him to hear those words, the way it tugged at something deep in him that didn’t get nearly enough attention. Part of him was inclined to agree with his shitty father, that he was unworthy of everything, especially Steve’s attention, his gentle care and love, but Tony wanted it, really badly, and he was going to let himself have it.
Tony didn’t protest at the touch, just let out a little gasp. He trusted Steve though, knew he wouldn’t hurt him, not again, so he pushed away any inkling of negativity stirring in his hindbrain, focused on the softness of the bed, the endorphins still rushing through his body.
Rhodey couldn’t help but growl a little at that. God, he hated Ross. He hated everything about this, and he was starting to hate the Accords too. Tony deserved better than this. He deserved better than all he got, and Rhodey was getting damn sick of people treating him like a commodity, like a tool to be used. Now they wanted to do the same thing to Tony’s child, to Rhodey’s godson? He couldn’t stand that. Fuck, he hated it. It was only the respect for the chain of command which held him back now, kept him from doing anything rash. What he really wanted to do was beat the snot out of the Secretary, teach him and everyone else a lesson about messing with Tony.
He walked himself directly into Steve’s arms, pressed himself against the soldier’s chest so quick it almost knocked the air out of him, and clung to him desperately.
Did he? Tony wasn’t sure at the moment. His hair was definitely dark; he already had plenty of it too, but Tony wasn’t sure if they shared more qualities. He wasn’t sure until the baby’s eyes opened for a few moments, and he caught sight of warm, brown eyes, similar to his own.
“Wasn’t begging,” Tony replied, but squeezed his eyes shut. The change in angle was sudden and swift, and made his cock jump, smear pre-cum on his belly.
Vision nodded softly, as if on board with the idea. “It might be difficult to find any trace of them, now that the Quinjet has been destroyed. Unless they obtain new personal devices, I’m afraid my search capabilities are no more useful Mr. Stark’s search algorithm.”
Steve really was luckier at this point. His symptoms had pulled back a fair amount, the pain in his neck almost down to tolerable levels again, though he wasn’t in perfect health, far from it really.
on him. Steve had learned from the best—the best being Tony— and didn’t waste any time getting to work, his plush lips wrapped around the head of the brunet’s cock, teasing it for as long as it took for Tony to let out a low whine, to lose his sense of modesty and to stop suppressing his moans.
“’Don’t move,’ he says. How am I supposed to stay still with you waving your dick around my face? I want it,” Tony replied, the end of his phrase turning into a whine.
“Take your time with it,” Rhodey suggested. “No one’s expecting it to be all sunshine and rainbows. Hell, I’d be kinda pissed if you
“You didn’t have to,” Tony replied, though he couldn’t help but smile a little at the gesture, straightened the collar of his sweater, felt a rush of heat flow through him like it always did when he saw Steve standing before him, in all his glory.
Steve had been expecting it. He knew it was coming. “You are,” Steve replied, dipping his hands beneath Tony’s chest. He pulled Tony up carefully, leaned back a little, and Tony sank down the last few inches of his shaft. Steve let out a low groan, held the brunet still by the hips as they both adjusted. It was damn overwhelming, and so, so
“Hnn, fuck, I love you,” Tony whined. He gripped a hand around Steve’s wrist, and the soldier’s fingers tightened that much more around his neck, made everything hazy and sweet, left his pleasure ratcheting higher.
Tony seemed eager to let it blow too. He wasn’t an idiot, could feel, see the way Steve was looking at him now, his eyes, so damn blue, tracing over the lines of his face, unable to tear themselves away. He could see the way the blond was leaning forward a little, saw the hint of blush on his cheeks. Tony thought he might pass out one day, with gazes like that, so visceral, so unabashed.
“Technically these aren’t green anymore, they’re becoming yellow,” the blond replied, flashing him a smile.
The soldier’s jaw clenched angrily, thinking about what must have happened. He hated people like that, people who just took, who hurt others, who were oblivious to boundaries, felt entitled to what wasn’t theirs. He’d hated the way soldiers talked back during the war, some of the things he’d seen the other men say or do. More than once he had to step in, had to beat some sense into a fellow soldier or comfort a distraught woman. The thought that something like that, like all he’d seen over the years, could have happened to
His body may have been an asshole, but he’d been lucky in this aspect; lucky to have Steve Rogers as his boyfriend, as his partner, in all things. Steve gave him the strength he needed to overcome his challenges, reminded him that he
be fine. He’ll be perfect, and adorable, and wonderful. He’ll be the best of both of us, and he’ll love you so much.”
Steve held him a little tighter in affirmation. The Alpha turned, looked deep into his eyes, and nodded.
Tony knew nobody could give him the answers. If he wanted them, he would have to discover them himself. What he would do with those answers was another matter entirely. He’d worry about that bridge when he got to it. The Alpha took another deep breath. His baby responded with a lovely kick in the ribs. He was shaping up to be kind of a pain, just like his father.
Tony blinked down at himself, muttered an “Oh,” and handed his jacket to Steve. He didn’t know quite what to say. He still felt entirely out of sorts, and his hand was stinging, and although the danger had passed, and everything was over now, he didn’t feel any better. He didn’t know what to do.
The brunet scoffed, swung an arm over his eyes. His shirt sleeve ended up wiping the left over mess on his face, but that didn’t matter. He’d already practically sweat through the garment, and something told him he wouldn’t be needing it very soon.
, and that there wasn’t a hint of boyish stupidity to his features as Tony would insist still was visible on his own. He liked that Steve could protect him, had on occasion when some idiot got a little too handsy, or when Tony opened his big mouth too far and stirred up real trouble, or when he was simply a victim, when life deemed it time for everything to turn to the worst.
Tony moaned. “So full,” he replied, his hands sprawled over the bed, fingers twitching as if he meant to grasp something, anything to keep him from losing his mind. Another thrust, another slide of that deep, wide weight across his prostate and his back arched. “There’s so
Steve knew Tony was a brat when they started dating. He knew Tony was a brat the day they met, actually, when Howard dragged his then 19 year old son to Steve’s retirement party after his ice-induced coma. After almost dying and waking up in a completely new world, Steve kind of had enough of fighting, and wanted to do something else with his time. He was offered a position at SHIELD, but that didn’t seem right either. He would lend his aid should an emergency arise, of course, but had no desire to return to the daily drills and strict rules of the military.
Tony didn’t mind it. He loved the low, gravelly tone, still tinged with sweetness, with honey, like Steve’s tone normally was. What didn’t he love about Steve like this? The answer was: nothing.
for hours—and he was sick of waiting for it. Maybe he could admit defeat just this once, sacrifice his pride for the pleasure of fucking in and out of the tight channel wrapped around his length, feeling his partner tremble beneath his fingertips.
“Please,” Tony sighed, tilting his neck, pushing up into Steve’s grasp. “Please touch me.” He needed the distraction, needed to feel good, to forget about the morning’s unpleasant events.
Tony pulled away now, turned his head, and Steve followed, licked a long stripe down his neck, ever so slightly pinched his skin between his big teeth. Tony liked that.
The brunette took a small breath, lifted a hand and brushed it through her hair. They’d have plenty of time for
It wasn’t easy. On a regular day, it wouldn’t be easy, but when Tony was a few strokes away from blowing his load, like he’d been for the last
“Alrighty, Pete, wave to the camera!” Steve said, a hand bracing his son’s back, the other pointing a little distance up the beach to where Tony was standing.
Tony knit his brows, stared down at Steve’s chest, suddenly self-conscious. “I’m sorry. I ramble way too much, I know. I keep trying to stop.”
Natasha’s voice cut through his thoughts, through the haze of despair. He couldn’t despair, couldn’t give up—not yet. He had to try, had to try and fix this all one last time.
upset now. The mission kept dragging on and on, despite the promise of it being short and sweet, and he couldn’t seem to get away no matter how much he wanted to. Now as a result he was almost a whole hour late for their dinner, which Tony had obviously put a lot of work into. The food was definitely cold by now. More importantly, Tony seemed really upset, even though he was trying to hide it.
“It wasn’t just your eyes that drew me in,” the blond replied, and his expression was pleased, reverent. “It was your personality, brattiness and all.”
Tony looked up at Rhodey. Rhodey looked back down at him expectantly, his shoulders squared, ready to listen.
“I’m sorry,” Steve replied. He hesitated just a second, and then let his hand brush through Tony’s curls softly. “I’m sorry about everything that happened.”
He let his fingers brush down Tony’s neck, hesitate just a moment before reaching his chest, gently caressing over the mess of scars on his chest. Tony didn’t like to be touched there too often, much preferred the light, wispy scars up his arm from wielding the gauntlet, but if anyone were allowed to touch those on his chest, it was Steve.
Steve pulled back a little now, almost disappeared from the bed entirely and it left Tony turning his head, craning his neck to catch sight of him. Steve’s paws dragged back on either side of his body, spread wide, and then were on Tony, absurdly big and warm, his claws just slightly digging into his flesh.
“Shit,” Tony sighed, attempting to catch his breath. His heartbeat was still pulsing in his ears, pleasure rushing up and down his body, even after his orgasm. He supposed fooling around with the person he loved most in the world would do that to a guy.
“As if you haven’t made a mess too,” he shot back, glancing over Tony’s shoulder to take a look at his cock, peeking out beneath his oversized t-shirt. It was Steve’s shirt too, because the brunet couldn’t help but add insult to injury with all of this, had changed out of his own clothes before they got started. Tony didn’t wear Steve’s clothes often, but when he did, it just made another layer of love unfold in his heart, made something warm and kind of possessive fill him, and Tony knew it. He really never played fair.
When Tony woke up, he had a monster of a headache. Without opening his eyes, he could feel the hammering, knew that the light filling the room would be murder on his eyes.
Tony did just that, put his hands on the table. He couldn’t help but drum them on the smooth surface, somewhat anxiously. He’d never been good at these kinds of conversations, avidly avoided them when possible. There was no avoiding this one though, not anymore. He wasn’t sure how to start it though, how to put it all into words.
, they’re helpful. They would do a lot more for the company, for the world, than making shit blow up ever could.”
“Uh, your dick? I’m pretty sure that’s more than just lube down there making me all slippery and wet,” Tony pointed out, and he shifted a little for emphasis.
If he didn’t kiss Steve in the next three minutes, properly kiss him, not just something small and exploratory like the night before, he thought he might die.
Eventually he drew back for breath a little, but followed up with a final short kiss. “What’s gotten into you?” Tony murmured. He wasn’t teasing this time; he could sense something shift in Steve’s attitude.
He knew Rhodey was trying to encourage him, trying to get him to get over his self-made hang-ups, but it didn’t make it any easier. Part of him did miss Steve’s voice, couldn’t help but remember the timid, desperate way he’d said ‘I love you’ when they last spoke, and wanted to hear more of it. He still yearned for Steve’s touch, for those strong arms to wrap around him, keep him safe and warm in bed. The part of him that still demanded vindication for this whole mess was loathe to pick up the phone though, and to imagine any of those things. Steve had hurt him, had left him. He may have been sorry about it, but the damage was already done. Tony simply didn’t
He hoped that would be enough to make Rhodey understand, but he wasn’t sure. Tony hated admitting his feelings. He always thought he sounded stupid, childish, whenever he admitted his insecurities, the things plaguing his mind. Tony felt stupid now, and frowned at the table.
“Oh my god…” Tony sighed, his voice wavering. He’d never felt love so strongly, so keenly, all in an instant. All of the pain, and the suffering and the fear were worth it, for this single moment.
"I just don't want him to be gone," Natasha whispered, a dam breaking as tears started to fall from her eyes. She was always the most vulnerable around Clint and Tony. "All I ever wanted was to be a mother - a
It took an hour or two but when May and all over stuff and the other Avengers arrived, Tony darted up from the lab to lead her to a guest room. She was thankful for it no matter what even as Tony promised to make her a new room in the future.
"Then maybe make your own," MJ rolled her eyes. The freshmen boarded the bus after giving their permission slips to Mr. Harrington. MJ took the seat in front of Peter and Ned and Peter took the seat next to the window.
Steve watched her go before turning to Tony who had jumped down to scratch at the elevator. He let out a long low growl that Steve realized sounded sad.
He peered at them closely, trying to recognize where he's seen them before other than the fact that they're Tony's wings. Steve doesn't think when he draws something. He just draws based on the image in his memory and Tony's wings were specific in the image.
Sam, Clint, and Pietro were consoling Wanda as best they could. Vision-her boyfriend-was dead for good and he couldn't come back. T'Challa was there standing next to them, standing over them like a guard-especially near Sam.
Peter watched them go and MJ looked over at him. Peter nudged his head to tell her it was okay and she headed to the living room with Ned.
"I -" Peter looked thrown and weak and she had to lift him up and hold him in order for him to stand properly. There was some sort of substance on the rope and she realized it must have been some sort of poison on it.
All of the Avengers slowly turned to Natasha and Tony. Tony glanced between all of them before whirling to Natasha, a panicked and concerned expression on his face.
The Ten Rings came and blew up the hum-vee caravan that the army cars had made and consequently blew up Tony as well.
Wings all around him as he ran outside into a strange new world that scared him. Wings everywhere he looked, flapping or tensed out. Spreading and relaxing.
Bucky peered at him and then his eyes shut tightly and he let out a full-body shudder. Peter stepped back as he watched Bucky do whatever he was doing.
"This is insane," May shook her head as she came out of the room after decorating it. "Natasha - To - Mr. Stark - this is just -"
Richard Parker helped make the selective gene formula that we wanted. That's why we hired him to help create you with the selected genes we wanted. But, when they found out about our plan...they took you away."
Mr. Osborn was in a crisp black and white suit and he had a vanity fair PR looking smile as he began to talk. "Welcome to Oscorp Industries where we produce the technology of tomorrow! Your tour guide will be here in a moment but you have to go through some pretty strict security. There will be moments where you can take pictures but listen to your guide if you can post them and where to take them. I'm sure the rules of being respectful and kind are the norm for you kids so please do the same here! Any other questions - ask your guide! Thank you all for coming!"
"Maybe Bucky has an idea," Sam suggested, watching Wanda move things around to entertain Pietro. "He's been acting weird since he told us about the whole situation."
The New York incident happened a few months after Steve came out of the ice and a few months after the Avengers met. Five months later-after fighting smaller groups individually, sometimes teaming up-Ultron happened.
His phone was beat up and broken but Tony replaced it and now he was able to keep it safely on his suit.
"Where?" Steve asked, still slightly suspicious. Even though, Natalia promised she wouldn't kick his butt, she still looked threatening, and even though Bucky didn't beat him up, he was wild and mischievous. Just by looking at him, you could tell.
"What-" Captain America started but Harley screamed again and ran to the middle of the room where the blast had knocked down debris. Harley looked around, feeling really frustrated and pissed off. He was so close to finishing that damn project and now it was down the water.
"Well, I promised you a story yes?" Julian sighed. "Here it is." the man cleared his throat and sat down on a stool as he tapped his lip. "Natasha Romanov." He twisted his lips before grimacing out a smirk. "The Black Widow had so many talents for a perfect soldier. We read up all about her. And when we managed to get our hands on her - well, we couldn't believe our luck. Our team for years had been searching up a formula - something to give her the opportunity to be pregnant. And then, once we set her up with Anthony Stark, we figured we would take the child once it was born.
Shots ran out to the ceiling but they were just deflected back. Someone landed between Peter and Killian. Twenty-four feet wings flared out, knocking Killian off his feet. The left wing was full of red, orange, and gold feathers. They twitched and fluttered glittering in the light of the plane.
Pepper always knew when Natasha was emotional no matter how hard Natasha tried to hide. Pepper always got her and the only way Natasha really knew that Pepper knew she was upset tonight was the fact that she had Bruce make Natasha a margarita.
"Who to kill first?" Thanos mused, scanning around them. "Let's start big, shall we?" He stood as the Avengers, Doctor Strange and the Guardians watched in horror. Thanos turned to a planet and extended the Gauntlet upward.
"I'm sorry," Peter squeaked and felt an arm come around his shoulder from Natasha who pulled him slightly backward.
He was injected with a radio active spider bite that gave him spider powers. He also claimed to Steve that he saw people's wings after he was bitten (Steve got worried when Peter told Tony as Tony showed no indication that he saw wings but Tony just nodded as if he understood).
He was about to knock when JARVIS unlocked the door. Peter smiled at the ceiling, knowing that JARVIS noticed it. Peter walked into the room, looking around for Tony.
"Heyya Mr. Mechanic," Harley tipped on his heels and gave a mock salute, with a little shit eating grin. "How's it going?"
"Natasha, chill," Tony laughed a little, pulling her into a hug. "You look like your about to have a panic attack." He kissed her forehead and she tried to calm down.
Bruce had examined Peter and told the rest of the team that his wings had experienced too much trauma and that's why they would never work the same.
"Just ask him," May said. "The Avengers are some of his heroes. He would love to just talk to you." Natasha nodded. "And thank you," May added. "For...letting us see each other."
The right wing was metal. It was red and gold and orange as well but the feathers and the main structure was all metal. It came out of the person's back, scared around it. They glistened and the tips were sharper than the other wing.
my Aunt but she's my guardian - she's the nicest person ever and she took care of me once my - my other parents died when I was six and when Ben died a year ago - she would never willingly take me away -
"I'll just text my grandma, she won't mind," Harley walked in after Tony, turning to wink at Peter before heading inside.
Peter was sitting at a chair, messing around with technology and a pair of glasses and metal and red skin thing. Natasha didn't pay too close attention to it and she walked forward since Peter did not flinch or make a move that he had heard her.
Peter swiveled, realizing with horror that he had said his plan out loud even though he was sure he hadn't. Bucky was frowning at him.
Steve, feeling wary about that situation but more concerned about Tony, contacted Natasha. "Nat, status on Tony?"
Bucky didn't respond; just stood and wiped blood off of his hands and onto his trousers. He moved towards Peter and lifted him up. "Mission Protect." he repeated from before.
He went around to different states and did different shows when Phillips decided to put him in the army base.
"Friday's been gathering intel this entire time," Tony cast a glance to the balcony before using his Stark phone to bring up the files on a holographic computer screen. Natasha moved slightly to get a better look at it. "Peter...Carbonell Parker first shows up...well, actually at the 2010 Stark Expo. Apparently, he was there with May and Benjamin Parker. That's his 'aunt and uncle'. Richard and Mary Parker died four years earlier when he was six.
"We need to know of your a threat," the Falcom came from behind him and Peter hopped, turning to face him and the Black Widow.
"What quiche doesn't have bacon?!" Sam looked appalled and Natasha laughed, loud enough to wake up Tony.
And Tony's right wing became metal. Red, gold, and orange like the other one but the feathers weren't soft as the should be.
According to Nick, Iron Man was a Secret Identity. Tony Stark was not known as Iron Man to the public-he was known as the quiet Stark who followed Virginia-Pepper-Potts around.
The wedding was small. Natalia dressed herself up and Pepper was her maid of honor. It was just the Avengers and Natalia didn't want anything fancy (Bucky didn't care, he just wanted to get married).
"Uh - the Avengers wanted to talk to me but I have a feeling they wanted do see my identity or something," Peter shrugged off the suit in a back alley. He looked around, wondering where he should stick the suit and wishing he had brought a backpack.
Peter flushed a little but smiled at Harley. "Can't wait," he muttered, smiling shyly and Harley's features softened.
When Natasha woke up, she found herself on the couch out in the balcony and Pepper was gone. She stood up and rubbed her eyes before looking towards the lock on the door. "Hey Jarv?"
"Well," Steve slowly grabbed the pad from the kid but stayed on the side of the wall, not getting any closer. "Once I knew the accent, it was pretty easy to translate."
"I'll get her number and we can work it out." Natasha sighed, massaging her head. These past few days have been so filled with action that it was starting to fall on her.
"It's okay," Natasha kissed her cheek again. "I understand. Have a nice day at work honey." Pepper kissed her back and headed towards the elevator and left.
Peter was on the ground, unharmed except for his cheek but shaking in shock. He was breathing hard and his wings were just barely twitching. His wings-which used to move so fast-could possibly never move again.
"Oh please Eugene, like you aren't trying to brag that your dick is bigger than it is," she sneered back and pushed Ned and Peter forward towards the doors. "Ignore him."
Bucky sighed. "They made it so you could get pregnant because they wanted an assassin with a brilliant mind."
"Yeah, hold on," he muttered and pulled out his phone to find at least thirty texts from Natasha and a couple from other Avengers. Rolling his eyes, Peter turned on his phone and sent a quick text to Tony that he was fine and he was just wandering around with Ned and MJ. "Okay. Got that done."
The next two levels were just rooms. Three to four kids was the limit to one room. Each room had at least two bunk beds, a closet, a few lamps, and two or three desks for clothes.
Steve's grin faded as they continued to walk. "He fell. When we had three missions left, he...he fell-sacrificing himself to save the mission. I-He's dead." Natalia stared at him, her mouth opening in shock.
Harley let out another chortle of laughter. "Yeah, yeah I'm okay just...jesus christ Peter I missed you,"
After a few minutes, he pulled away the ringing still echoing. Groaning, Peter sat up and shook his head and looked down. The five men were gone but the single man was on the ground and Peter's heart dropped.
Natasha nodded and Tony shook his head in disbelief. "I did not see that coming." Natasha glanced at him and saw Steve smiling warmly at her.
So...I had a plan...and then I deterred from the plan...so this chapter ends up being a really small filler chapter...
There was a moment and then Natasha decided that the moment lasted long enough and cleared her throat. May startled and backed away, looking around and seemed embarrassed.
"Shit-Peter, cover your ears-" Peter did as he was told. "Shitshitshit-okay. Okay. We got this-right J?"
"Better?" Steve asked. Tony just yawned widely in response and crawled up to settle down on Steve's shoulders.
Oh my god I swear, there was going to be a happy ending but like everything else in my life it got away from me and yeah. It was going to end with Tony swinging by and they'd get into an argument before Steve blurted that he liked all the attention for the most part and had fallen in love and they'd kiss and then they'd go to bed (like to sleep) together because that was one of the things that cat Tony helped Steve with and Steve would have no more nightmares but I lost inspo and couldn't write the rest.
Then Tony's wings snapped back with enough force so that Tony stumbled forward and fell into Steve's lap.
Steve asked Natalia what wings he had and Natalia responded with "Hummingbird" (Steve later looked up what a hummingbird looked like and how it moved and agreed that that was exactly what Peter was like).
And also maybe it wasn't like that maybe his mom met somebody special and maybe taken care off just meant bringing him a blanket or something like that. Yeah right. Or his mom took care off a sick person…ok Steve knew that was a ridiculous thought but still. Was take care off somebody a synonym for sex? How could Steve know. He should asked Bucky. Off course Bucky talked a lot about his conquests but he didn't use all these fancy metaphors everybody seemed to use these days.
