Sherlock blinks at him several times incredulously.  No one’s ever had such faith in him before.  No one’s ever
“I never knew you felt that way, Mr Holmes.  Especially after all that dreadful business with your brother,” she soothes in his ear as she slides back next to him again.  And then Sherlock feels Irene’s hand sneak across his thigh and palm his erection and he knows he’s a goner.  There’s no turning back now.
But he needs John.  He’d give it all up, if it meant having John.  John is safe and strong and smart in ways that Sherlock never could be.  And god, he’s beautiful.  His eyes and hands and the way he hums in the shower and makes toast for breakfast because it’s easy and quick and he can never wake up on time to be at the surgery.  Sherlock knows everything about John, all his habits and nuances and idiosyncrasies.  There is no more deducing John Watson for Sherlock Holmes.  He knows things John hasn’t even told him yet because he can read it in his body and eyes and stance, and Sherlock would never blurt them out because he knows it needs to come from John.  He’d never tell John he knows his father once punched him.  He’d never tell John he knows he loves Harry more than he lets on.  He’d never tell John he knows he slept with men in the army or that his Gran was his favorite person until she died unexpectedly and that’s why he became a doctor or that he once contemplated suicide.  He knows John needs to be the one to say these things out loud like how a child needs to ask why the sky is blue, why the grass is green, where babies come from, where we go when we die.  Because these are sacred things, and the only thing Sherlock knows for certain is sacred are John Watson’s secrets.
Sherlock swings his legs over the edge of the bed and sits up.  John walks slowly over to him and stops right before him.  Sherlock cranes his neck to look up at him; neither one of them says a word.  John looks over Sherlock’s face like he’s studying him, and that’s because he is.  Sherlock stares into John’s eyes, no matter if John is staring into his or not.  Sherlock waits under his gaze.  He can be patient.  He can be patient if it’s for John.
because he was his only friend.  But David had been very popular, he had lots of friends and would sneak out of the grounds at night and smoke cigarettes and had lots of girlfriends that lived in town.  Sherlock remembers wondering what David was doing even hanging around him at all.
“You’re awfully quiet,” she whispers in his ear, “it’s not like you…”  And then she trails off and starts kissing his neck.
Sherlock can’t look at him.  Instead he stares at anything else.  He sucks his lower lip into his mouth and bites down hard.  He supposes he looks angry, embarrassed, shy.  He still doesn’t look at John when he jerks his head up and down erratically to signal that
And John realises that he’s so upset, so worked up, so panicked and drained and concerned was not because he almost died, it was because Sherlock almost died.  It was because he saw what Sherlock looks like when his heart is shattered into dust. It was because Sherlock has been there, hurt and traumatised and terrified right along with him, and John never wanted Sherlock to ever feel any of those things.
,” she coos, drawing out the first syllable.  “You really can’t have been a virgin like Moriarty said you were, not with skills like that.”  She’s just talking to hear herself talk at this point.  “You really do love him, don’t you?  You should tell him,” she advises, like the way a girlfriend tells another to just ask out the man of her dreams.  “I think you could make John a
Sherlock speeds up, and John smiles too.  It only takes him six seconds to forget all about his therapy session.
“Of course there’s no milk!  There’s a tongue and 6 thumbs in our fridge, but GOD FORBID we have milk for the bloody tea!
“Don’t play dumb with me, Sherlock!   You know exactly what I’m talking about,” Lestrade tries to keep his voice calm, but he’s not being very convincing.
The shame immediately takes hold and he quickly dislodges from her.  She whimpers from the loss of body heat and the final movement of his prick inside her.  Sherlock moves as far towards the opposite side of the car as he can, as if he can hide from her in this tiny, cramped space.  The smell of sex and their sweat intertwined makes Sherlock’s stomach turn and he thinks for a very real minute he might actually be sick.  Irene continues to laugh and offer him backhanded praises.
“I’m not gonna break, John,” Sherlock says.  “Come on, move.” John stretches back so he can see Sherlock shatter when he pulls out completely and then slams back into him.  Sherlock arches off the bed and screws his eyes tight shut and lets a guttural noise escape him deep from the back of this throat.
When they arrive 20 minutes later, Sherlock doesn’t even bother putting the car in park.  He stops the car gently and waits for Irene to get the hint that she’s going on alone.
But he needs John.  He’d give it all up, if it meant having John.  John is safe and strong and smart in ways that Sherlock never could be.  And god, he’s beautiful.  His eyes and hands and the way he hums in the shower and makes toast for breakfast because it’s easy and quick and he can never wake up on time to be at the surgery.  Sherlock knows everything about John, all his habits and nuances and idiosyncrasies.  There is no more deducing John Watson for Sherlock Holmes.  He knows things John hasn’t even told him yet because he can read it in his body and eyes and stance, and Sherlock would never blurt them out because he knows it needs to come from John.
John stands stock still in the middle of the room.  Because that’s what you do when you love someone.
“Sociopaths,” Mycroft says offhandedly.  “Now get out of my room!” He roars.  Sherlock finally complies.
Sherlock remembers when he took that skull.  It wasn’t long after he got the job at Bart’s five years ago as a clinical chemist, which was nice because they let him come in whenever he wanted and stay as long as he liked, just as long as he met deadlines.  He was also allowed use of lab supplies for experiments as long as they weren’t too extravagant or expensive.  Sherlock always thought this was strange since Bart’s is funded by the British government until he remembered that Mycroft
“It’s ok, John.  You’re here, you’re safe,” he hears Sherlock whisper.  He feels Sherlock lay the lightest touch on his shoulder and he flinches away violently.  He lays back down and curls into the fetal position while he tries to calm his breathing, not wanting to open his eyes for fear he’ll still be back at the pool, seconds away from being torn apart by shrapnel.
John remembers clapping eyes on Sherlock Holmes for the first time.  He appears as a contradiction with his unkempt, boyish curls paired with his tailored suit.  He’s aloof, completely uninterested in his surroundings, but he’s able to infer complex and hidden details with a single glance.  He remembers the very first thing Sherlock ever said to him was “Afghanistan or Iraq” and not understanding what was going on at all.  He glances over to Mike quizzically as Mike assures him he didn’t mention one word of this impromptu meeting with Sherlock. There’s just no way that man who, up until this very moment in time, didn’t know John even existed could possibly know he’d been a soldier in the Middle East.  There’s just no way.
“You know you can pretend I’m John,” she says grinding her sex against his slowly.  “I don’t mind, you’ve been doing it the whole time, haven’t you?  Trying to pretend I’m John Watson?”  She doesn’t stop her grinding.  She’s got the slow, maddening pulse down to a rhythm now.  She stares at him seductively, still working on getting him back to full hardness.  He still doesn’t touch her, still doesn’t utter a sound.
I'm personal friends with Persephone and Hecate. I have it on good authority that anyone who R&R's will get beaucoup bonuses in the Underworld.
“Sherlock, you in?”  John calls out as he enters the flat with the shopping. “I’ve got th—,” John trails off as he opens the fridge.
“Dad barely spoke and when he did, it was only to me.  Asking about college and what kind of medicine I wanted to study at King’s or if I was gonna go into the military like him and Grandad.  It was so awkward…” John trails off.
“Yes, all right, yes!”  Sherlock says, rolling his eyes harshly and heaving a heavy sigh.  “I wore dirty black shirts and let my hair grow long and
“I can stop anytime I want!”  Sherlock once yelled at Mycroft when he caught him preparing his next injection.  He remembers the way Mycroft looked at him, like Sherlock was something he didn’t know anymore.  He remembers that was the day their feud started.
Sherlock is something unworthy of love.  Sherlock is something unworthy of affection.  He knows this already, he’s known it for a long time.  This is why he constantly pushes people away.  This is why he never lets anyone near.  Because it’s easier to be alone, it’s easier to live without the hope of someone returning all the love he actually is capable of feeling.  Maybe he’s not a sociopath after all.  Maybe it’s just easier to pretend he is than to really have to connect with anyone and have them end up leaving.  It’s just less messy this way.
In Dartmoor, the air is too clean and there’s too much grass.  Trees replace the buildings and billboards and there are no taxis anywhere.  God, there’s not even a subway system.  Sherlock has to remind himself several times that this case with the charming, yet deranged young man and his gigantic hound is at least an eight and a half.  That, and he knows how to drive a car.  Though John’s constant complaining at how awful a driver Sherlock is is really starting to annoy him.
“Yes, ohhh, fuck me like John,” she groans over and over until he finally starts to pound against her.  She yelps and grabs onto his leg for support, holding onto anything that’ll keep her anchored.  He lets her fall down onto all fours again and grabs her hips, bucking into her wildly, her voice once again fading into John’s.
And so Sherlock doesn’t take drugs anymore.  At least he tries not to.  Now he drinks six cups of coffee a day and wears three nicotine patches at a time and relishes secondhand smoke and tries not to think about that rush of sunshine shooting up his arm and down into his body.
John strands defiantly in the shadows, unwilling or perhaps even unable to enact this charade in front of Sherlock.  Because he’s had more than ample time to mill over this script he’s been given and he wants nothing to do with it. It’s cruel and abusive and he wants no part in potentially breaking Sherlock’s heart.  But then he jumps when this voice screams
“He contaminates the crime scene, the body, everything!  Why do you let him in here to muck everything up?!”
Sherlock lays back on the couch and wonders what just happened.  He doesn’t know how to process this or why John said he reminded him of his sister.  There’s no possible way he could remin--
“Sherlock,” he hesitates.  Lestrade doesn’t know how to begin, so he just blurts out his question.  “How long have you been doing it?”
Instead, he nods, presses one last kiss to Sherlock’s neck, and finally slides off him.  He feels the mattress shift as Sherlock gets up to go to the bathroom, wincing as he does.  John hopes Sherlock won’t be sore and in pain tomorrow, but he knows he will. Sherlock returns a moment later with a warm, wet cloth and a glass of water.  He kneels on the floor next to where John is lying and gently wipes his brow and neck and then his groin. John wonders how Sherlock can be so calm and tender when he’s anything but in his everyday demeanor.  He chooses to believe it’s something reserved only for him, a hidden part of himself Sherlock only allows John to witness.
John moves slowly down to Sherlock’s lips and kisses him softly.  He lingers above Sherlock’s mouth, breathing in Sherlock’s air, replacing every molecule in his body with Sherlock’s.  He kisses him again, this time pressing his lips firmly against Sherlock’s and stays there for a long moment.  The emotions Sherlock tries so hard to keep locked away come flooding to the surface and a choked moan escapes his throat.  He grabs John’s wrists, and John breaks the kiss.
But one night, Sherlock had an incredibly vivid hallucination about an old friend of Mummy’s and her abusive husband.  She’d come round once and a while, and Sherlock was fond of her because she always brought special treats just for him.  But Mummy would sometimes shut Sherlock out of the room when Mrs Hudson would come over, and talk in harsh whispers behind closed doors.  Mummy nor Mrs Hudson ever knew Sherlock would secretly stand at the door and listen to all the awful things Mr Hudson did to his wife.
entire life dealing with the same bullshit Sherlock metes out on a daily basis.  He can’t help but find it ironic that the confrontation of the pain he’s caused should be in the form of John Watson, the funniest and kindest and warmest and most caring, forgiving, brilliant human being he’s ever known.
In between cases, Sherlock relaxes, though he’ll never admit it.  Sherlock genuinely only feels alive when he’s working and trying to find the pieces to his puzzles, but even geniuses need to stop and breathe once in awhile.  When he’s working, it’s like his brain doesn’t switch off.   Sherlock will only sleep for an hour or two at a time.  He’ll only eat every other day and even then it’s only half a meal.  He skims the newspapers, but doesn’t really read them.
John giggles. He pulls up Moriarty, and looks around to check for rope, something to tie him up with. Ultimately, he settles for his belt, and secures him near the aquarium, hands restrained around a table leg.
It’s John Watson, who’s jumped down from the work table, and is now standing perfectly still and incredibly… threatening. He’s not taking his eyes off Phi Phi.
“I know that sounds like a cliché,” John continues, “but hear me out. People love to talk about themselves. They love it when someone listens.
The sound of balcony sliding doors, and then nothing. She-lock pushes John back inside the hotel room, and they both start giggling like maniacs.
Sure, it could be because they’re in a helicopter, and he’s enjoying the view. But John doesn’t think his gaze is fixed on anything. He just stares sadly out the window. Every once in a while, he glares at the woman accompanying them.
They walk on, stroll through the park. Eat ice cream. The two of them against the rest of the world, blood pumping through their veins, the thrill of the… rollercoasters.
The four remaining suitors are standing in a row while Mary explains the day’s activity. They’re in Chessington, a theme park just outside London that houses various rides and zoo animals.
“I’m serious. We’re at Disneyland. Keep up. Don’t make me tell Mycroft Holmes you caused his little brother’s death.”
At that moment, the man himself - well, almost - bursts through the door. Sherlock quickly closes the drawer.
, by Charles Trenet. Not in the mood for that. He pushes again. Ah, finally. Some Grace Jones. Nice.
John washes his hands just a little too long. The bathroom is about as big as his bedroom, or maybe even Sherlock's. Only, instead of a bed, there's a huge white bath, between the toilet and the window. The bath is flanked by a heatable towel rack on the left wall, and a television on the right. But worse: next to the bath is one large window, without any blinders or curtains, and the whole time John was pissing he felt uncomfortable. The Gherkin was just standing there, accusingly, it seemed. Even though probably no one could actually peek inside. Unless they had binoculars. John kept thinking about the imaginary binoculars.
“Right, sure. Yeah,” John says, walking around the bedroom. He strokes one of the poles of the bedpost. It’s one of those old fashioned beds that are… ridiculously romantic, Sherlock realises with a pang.
He can’t help but stare at Sherlock. They’ve both emerged from the Aston Martin, John looking like he’d just shared a seat with twenty clowns in a tiny car, Sherlock looking like he’d just been to a spa. Sherlock really looks the part in his slim-fitted black suit and tailored white shirt, complete with a black bow tie. The stakes are always high when it comes to Sherlock Holmes, but now he looks like he’s walked straight out of a 1960’s casino heist film.
“Christ, I know. But hear me out. I was assigned to you, She-lock. And you were everything they told me you were. An arrogant prick. Rude. As intelligent as you are an idiot. You’re infuriating to talk to, and a complete arsehole at times.”
Someone knocks on the door. Quickly, John slips his smartphone into the pocket of his bathrobe, closes it a little tighter and opens the door. He startles.
As he feels Sherlock’s heart slowing down, John allows himself, for a moment, to imagine that they are lovers.
Sherlock points to a four-seater with a tiny table in the middle, and helps store the bag and the suitcase above their assigned seats.
He didn’t need to investigate that deep.” Sherlock sighs in frustration, throwing the notes on the bed. “I’m lost. I will not be able to save Jonathan Wilson.”
“One or two homeless people. That cyclist that hit you to the ground. The… company that sells inflatable things to catch my fall.”
When She-lock opens the hotel room door, she is not in her usual, professional attire, that John has heard her call her “Bianca Del Rio”-look. She isn’t in a well fitted bespoke suit by Klein Epstein & Parker - made to measure.
That's all it takes for John to grab his empty wineglass and fling it, angrily, at Sebastian's head, who ducks away. The glass shatters against the wall.
Sharon turns around to her mannequins, which have two witch-like glamour gowns draped over them. She-lock eyes them with disdain. Sharon is known for her interesting commentary on fame, plastic surgery and glamour. But this? It’s like Sharon’s not even trying. It’s the Back to the Future of drag.
For a brief second, Sherlock looks at the bottles sadly. Then he positions himself behind the shopping cart and pushes it, stubbornly. His Belstaff flutters open dramatically. John sighs. He looks completely ridiculous. Who goes to Tesco in such a tight, insanely expensive designer suit?
Sherlock beams at him. John’s clearly so happy. This will be the best birthday ever: guns, explosions, chases, only minor life endangerment. Perfect.
He stays there for hours, staring at nothing, losing the faith he never even had. Going over all events in his head. Has he made the right decision? Was there really no other way? He must leave the next morning, and tear Moriarty’s web down. Will he die on this mission? Mycroft seems to entertain the possibility. Was this his practise funeral? Will he tell John the truth eventually, after Sherlock’s death? What will John feel then?
Ponytail, subtle red lipstick, a white blouse that's slightly open but hides all its secrets, the hint of a blush on her cheeks: Sarah has fully immersed into the character she has to play in the murder mystery game tonight. She briefly kisses John, who's wearing a simple rugby shirt underneath his usual black cotton jacket, and stretches her hand to Sherlock. She's getting used to these threeway dates.
“Just a horny celebrity friend of Janine’s,” Sherlock says. “Not a secret assassin or anything ridiculous of the sort.”
John paces back and forth, eyeing tourists, checking that there aren’t any Alices nearby. Or maybe that extra back-up Mycroft promised.
“When did you first discover you were gay?” Jonathan asks, all of a sudden. There’s a strange pitch to his voice. Like a dare.
But Sherlock is not laughing. He's looking deflated, completely embarrassed. Meanwhile, Sarah gets up and leaves, presumably to get all their coats. To get out the line of fire.
That last word a near whisper. Sherlock briefly closes his eyes. In days long past, Sherlock could never refuse John.
“Yesss, you’re working that purple dress, miss landlady,” Jonathan says, kissing her two times on the cheek as he enters the doorway.
Sherlock breathes. “The ridiculous number of riding crops during the horseback riding date, too, of course, were a giveaway. And Hamish the gorilla was really just hubris.”
They laugh, for the first time tonight. And as their smiles die down, John stares at the Gherkin, clears his throat.
Sherlock lets his coat dramatically flap in the wind that escapes through the entrance door, chin high and curls loose.
“You let me grieve, for two years, Sherlock. Do you have any idea what that was like?” John continues, gripping the sides of his chair. He can feel the next wave coming.
“Finally, you're asking the right questions,” Sherlock interrupts. “I have looked into this Jonathan Wilson and he seems to be a decent man. Heart surgeon, so he's busy. Never married, clean records, rather goodlooking. A real catch. So why would he go on a television dating show?”
John looks over his shoulder. Sherlock looks breathtakingly beautiful, towering over him, still fully dressed in his Belstaff and with eyes glistening in the darkness. He’s like a vision from the past. John looks at him, and feels pure warmth coursing through his veins.
“Victor would make me spread my legs wide”, Sherlock says, his voice rough with want. John climbs on top of the bed, sits between Sherlock’s legs and spreads them farther to either side. The sight before him briefly takes his breath away.
Sherlock looks like he’s using all his strength to stand still. “Risk of the job, John. I was caught in Serbia. I managed to send Mycroft a message just before it happened. But it took him… weeks.”
“Oh, like YOU exercise,” he says. “You’re skinny as a bloody rat. That ridiculous bouncy castle would’ve bounced you right back against the brick wall like a feather.”
As Sherlock approaches the door, coat flapping dramatically - Netflix insisted - John rubs his hands on his thighs. Nerves hit him in the gut, all at once.
She-lock throws a piece of chiffon around her neck. “The same way I know you’re seeing a therapist.”
John stares at his feet. Okay then. He remembers Mycroft’s words, and decides to push through. He bravely looks up.
He takes a few brave steps toward Sherlock, who's still sitting crossed-leggedly on the toilet – unable to move, perhaps.
John rolls his eyes, but Sherlock holds out his hand cordially. “It’s never twins, Harry Watson. Finally, we meet. I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
It surprises John that Wilson picked up on his unease. Maybe it’s because they’re standing so close. Maybe it’s because they already have created an intimacy in a short amount of time.
Sherlock disappears on John all morning long, and John is mildly annoyed by it. Yes, they might not be on ideal terms right now, but surely, with people getting stabbed left and right, it’s not safe for Sherlock to go investigating on his own.
John cocks his head and crosses his arms. “So we found the killer then? Case solved? We can… go… home?”
It’s true - on last year’s Christmas photos, he’s noticed John apparently cut off a shape. He knows perfectly well who: Jeanette. The boring teacher.
Sherlock's arms drop alongside his body. The rose dangles helplessly. On his left thumb, a droplet of blood.
Suddenly, a loud roar echoes. It’s John, who has used the control panel in the other room to switch on the dragon. He hides behind a rock next to the door as Moriarty walks curiously into the Dragon’s Lair. With Moriarty’s back turned to him, John slips into Sherlock’s room, like a spy.
No - he’d long abandoned the silly fantasies that Sherlock had faked his death. John had seen the blood, felt his pulse.
The first rows are empty except for a few distant family members. And… one more person. Sherlock recognises Molly’s silhouette, in the second row. That’s quite a familiar spot for a work colleague. She seems rigid and tense. Sherlock throws her a sideways look as he walks past her, but she doesn’t recognise him - good: his disguise works. Her mouth is a flat line. She looks bleak. Even though she knows he’s not really dead. Great acting, then. Sherlock smiles at her appreciatively, but she doesn’t seem to notice.
Quickly, John checks that there aren't too many people around to overhear this odd conversation. Or perhaps that's the point – and there's someone nearby who prompted the question? Someone... attractive?
“You’re right,” John angrily says, standing back up from his chair. “Take your ridiculous wig and beard and get out of here before Mrs Hudson comes back from Tesco’s. We don’t want to scare her to death.”
“But you’ve helped me realise what I already have, here. And that I do want more. With Sherlock. Thank you, all.”
Next to John, Dimmock snorts. “Brooke Lynn Hytes is Vanessa Vanjie Matteo’s ex,” he explains. “They met while competing on Drag Race together.”
Exactly two weeks ago ago, he was handed a strange parcel through the open window of an anonymous car. A delivery from Mycroft. The parcel held only a note, and a business card to a beach fair medium. The note was handwritten by Mycroft.
“Why would I help you? For you to simply shoot me and John afterwards?” Sherlock asks, motioning to his own body. “Once you know
“Hello, Anderson,” John smiles. He steps through the doorway and finds himself in a large hotel room with yarders scattered everywhere, groaning, rubbing their ankles, removing make-up. It’s a battlefield.
Tan reaches inside. “And checkered shirts.” He turns around, holding a dark green one. “John! Are you secretly a depressed lesbian?”
“So since someone shot at us from the bushes, does that mean it’s someone from production? It can’t be one of the suitors, they were all on horses,” John says.
Sherlock is tied down, lying spread-eagle on a table while a man wheels a giant machine towards him. He would recognise that silhouette anywhere. Small shoulders, impeccable outfit - John instantly regrets his Star Wars tshirt - and threatening posture: it’s Jim Moriarty.
Sherlock falters, as if he’s physically struck by so much stupidity. “Coincidence? That a spotlight nearly falls on top of Doctor Wilson? During
It takes Mrs Hudson a little more effort to get herself to stop hugging Antoni, but eventually she leads them up the staircase.
John hears Sherlock get up and dust off his trousers behind him. God. John just can’t bring himself to open his eyes and have eye contact, now. But he should, perhaps. Look at how he’s lying here, arse up like an idiot.
“I was called in to do this job,” John says. “And Jinkx put me with you. You were always our main suspect, from the start. Being a fan of crime, you see… That makes you a bit suspicious for us yarders. And I walked in, without any sense of drag culture, with no clue on how much work and talent…”
“While everybody comes forward to receive the Body of Christ, I shall play a fitting tune,” Sherlock says.
“Yes, and I won 100,000 pounds,” She-lock says. “That’ll be about 50 dollars post Brexit. At least this Absolut series pays in American dollars.”
A small noise comes from the back of Sherlock's throat, and the butler leans over him and puts the first dish on the table. It's lobster soup, with prawns scattered across the surface.
She-lock rolls her eyes. Right. God save the Queen. Being queer was illegal until the late sixties and gays have only been allowed to marry each other since bloody 2014. She’s got tucking panties older than that.
“Should be an interesting experience to you,” Sherlock sticks the knife right where he suspects a wound. “How far will you go for this show, David?”
He pours a bit of lube in the palm of his hand and heats it by rubbing his hands together. Then he adds some more and rubs it softly between Sherlock's ass cheeks, not quite breaching, but merely suggesting. Sherlock grunts and pushes harder into the bedsheets, trying to get some friction for his penis.
John loathes it. He looks uncertainly at the rearview mirror, in which he can see the taxi driver's eyes reflected – and some sympathy in them. Great. Pity from the sodding cabbie. Can't trust them. Either they're murderers, or you wanna murder 'm.
“I’m not your personal porter. Please take the one that M sent us,” John says, letting the rather large overnight bag knock into Sherlock’s legs.
Sherlock’s blood runs cold. He grabs John’s hand, and together they run straight into Alice’s Curious Labyrinth. They run past the whistling caterpillar statue, past purple towers, through the bushes of the maze.
What were the other zones again? Ehh, hands, check. Neck. Skin… stuff. Much to cover. He shouldn’t even be thinking about the perineum, really.
“What?” Jonathan says, following right behind. He immediately returns to the living room, gagging. “You cannot do that to a bunch of unsuspecting gay guys!”
For a minute, all John hears through the phone is laboured breathing and typing, as if he’s phoned a sex hotline for nerds. Then suddenly, the door makes a buzzing sound, and when John pushes it, it opens.
John should stop touching him, surely. He removes his hand, and turns around, faces the wall wide-eyed. Heart beating in his chest.
She quickly tightens a corset around her waist, gets into a deeply pink dress, pushes up the collared construction on the top and paints faint diamond droplets around her eyes. Pure opulence.
Sherlock watches him go with a brief look of regret on his face. Meanwhile, Mary scrambles for her clothes and David yells profanities. John can relate. He stares at Sherlock. It seems like a (literal) dick move, for Sherlock to take them here. Is he that desperate now, to take out the competition like this? Is that how much he wants to get married on a tv show? Seems unlike him. Then again, love can make you do crazy things. Especially first love.
It takes a few days for the police to sift through the whole production team, and Sherlock and John temporarily move back to Baker Street. They’ve been in London this whole time, yet it feels like coming home from a foreign country. The flat feels different, now. John can’t stand it. Everything would look the same to an outsider: Sherlock retreats into his mind palace, they order take-out, John reads the paper, Sherlock plays the violin. But they don’t touch. They barely talk. And Sherlock starts showering at different times than before. Always in the middle of the night, when he thinks John is asleep. John listens to the water streaming, eyes wide open in bed. Is Sherlock trying to avoid John seeing him half naked? Is this how it’s going to be?
Sherlock rises slightly, opening his eyes. “So? John. He doesn't take a holiday because he wouldn't let anyone near his books. Because he was busy doing fraud. I learned it on the Freakonomics website. Do keep up.”
“But I really need your expertise,” Sherlock adds, trying to make eye contact. John grumbles and looks straight ahead as cars speed by.
!” Passing families throw him concerned looks. “Nevermind. Just… get me, you know. To the dragon. Into the mountain.”
red colouring in there - as a crime drag queen, she must have an emergency bag of fake blood around somewhere.
“It’s okay,” Antoni smiles. John can’t help but smile back. “I’m here to help you guys live your best life.”
John shakes that thought immediately. He won’t allow his mind to go to such dark places anymore. He hasn’t seen glimpses of Sherlock in over a year. He’s coping well. Ella says.
They buy a rucksack with Dalmatian dots at the gift shop, because Sherlock agrees they can’t walk around with the gadget suitcase like they’re at Disney to attend an important HR meeting. But Sherlock refuses to buy any other merchandise, and only agrees to leave his suit jacket back in the suite because it’s quite sunny. He’s wearing a tight waistcoat, though. He shouldn’t let Disney ruin his Bond aesthetic.
John looks down. He has to be painfully honest with himself. Sherlock, after all, has been gay all these years. He never showed an interest in John. That should be enough to draw his conclusions.
Phi Phi walks back to her work station, yelling: “Anderson! Don’t touch my wigs! I’m no Ariel Versace!”
, because it’s mostly about using a sucking motion with your mouth while moving your tongue around… But it’s not just about the mouth. Your hands are just as important.”
Eyes closed, he can almost hear John smile. But he can’t possibly open his eyes - seeing himself being pleasured by
“Phi Phi O’Hara, your drag outfits belong on a season two runway,” She-lock says while theatrically lifting the reading glasses. Though he soon slides them back down for the next one, a tall, goofy ginger apparently named Jinkx Monsoon.
Should he leave the competition, though? He really needs to think about it. That blowjob lesson - his cock tries to think along - felt different than the other... erotic acts they’ve done so far.
John is standing on the stage, several feet away from Dimmock, as the lights change. He looks frail, and vulnerable.
Opposite where they’ve entered, in the middle seat, is their target. He’s a suspected client of the arms dealer they’re after, Sherlock has informed John on the way over here. This man is a hardened criminal, always able to elude justice, to look just innocent enough to get away with the most clever, complicated crimes.
“Shut up,” Sherlock says, even though John hasn’t said a word. “Listen. David is right. It’s going to be final dates soon, and what do I have to offer? No. Shut up. I don’t know if I’m any good… at anything. I’m an adequate dancer. But is that really an indicator? I need more data to sufficiently theorise.”
“Okay then,” Jonathan says, airily. “Sherlock better not go to 221B because he’s not allowed back in yet. But the great thing is, we are! So let’s go home and check out the changes Bobby made to you guys’s flat, okay?”
The door barges open. It’s Phi Phi, followed by a bunch of cameras. She goes to the wall stacked with RuPaul consolation prize statues, and grabs two of them.
Sherlock zips up the suitcase - forgetting about all essentials, including the facial cream Jonathan would want him to pack - and moves past John, out the door.
Irene motions to two empty syringes lying on the table. “And that’s how you were planning to take me out? One drug for Wilson, one for me?”
The music cuts abruptly and dramatically. The only sound is now the light buzz from the hydraulic lift as Sherlock is excruciatingly slowly lowered back to the stage. Meanwhile, a small crowd has gathered around Jonathan Wilson, who’s lying next to a shattered floodlight, rubbing his temple from where the broom hit him.
Sherlock is stunned, seeing and hearing himself talk to him. But it’s John. Unmistakably. The words, the pronunciation, the intonation. The blame.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock’s waist, who immediately tenses. John waits a few seconds just to give Sherlock the chance to adjust to his grip. At last, John feels Sherlock melt against him a little.
John touches the edges of the suitcase with shaking hands, then quickly hides them in his pockets. He breathes out unsteadily.
The moment he realised something was off, John knew he had two choices. Fight or flight. But he would be up against five men in possession of sedatives - and who knows what else. Or who else. Just like in the army: sometimes it’s better to retreat and to come up with a plan, and then strike back harder.
He allows John to move his hands across his body, feels John open his robe, impatient fingers tracing the edges of the cloth where Sherlock’s skin sears with each touch.
Sebastian points to the duo in the middle of the group, two blonde people who look so much alike that they could be brother and sister, if they weren't so intimately intertwined with each other.
Back in the viewing room, John shifts his feet. He’s been standing too long - how in the hell are those blokes managing that
Not… murderous as much as disinterested, perhaps. Though She-lock seems to be an expert at hiding emotions. There could be a murderer brewing underneath those layers of mascara, John reckons.
The camera frames the large black cab. Karamo’s in the front, the rest of the Fab Five are cheering behind him.
A cold shiver runs over She-lock’s body. She can’t move. She’s paralysed. How can her own brother think…?
John trailed off as his gaze caught on the instrument sitting in front of Sherlock on the kitchen table. The detective watched understanding, then frustration, then resignation paint themselves across the canvas of his friend’s face until John closed his eyes. He sucked in a breath and held it for a minute as though he would somehow open them again to find a perfectly healthy Sherlock sitting at the table, doing something normal instead of examining his own blood for traces of unidentified hallucinogens.
The detective was draped over his armchair, legs askew and head thrown back, looking for all intents and purposes like he had fallen from the ceiling and crashed into his current disheveled position. He was perusing his mind palace for some information on the spider
So instead, Sherlock opened his mouth and willed John to hear the paragraphs swirling behind his three quiet words.
Upon further analysis, John was quite sure his knees were no longer up to the task of supporting his body. He drew up a chair and collapsed onto the hard wooden seat, letting his head fall forward onto his hands.
Sherlock had been locked for the past 36 hours in a perpetual brace for impact, preparing himself for the inevitable collision. John would confront him, and he would have nothing to say, for once in his life, nothing to defend himself with, and John would leave him and he would—
Sherlock blinked, letting the cracked concrete blur and refocus. The pattern of radiating lines reminded him of John’s scar, a halo of pale streaks spreading outward on the flesh of the doctor’s shoulder.
Not that John minded. In his opinion, Sherlock deserved the attention of London’s entire medical staff.
Sherlock said nothing. He knew John would continue until he was done expressing his charmingly furious opinion, so it was no use launching into an explanation while there was still breath in the doctor’s lungs.
The question hissed, over and over, as Sherlock looked down at the pattern of cracks beneath his feet. He had memorized the exact path of each fissure in the concrete four years ago: the first time he stood on this rooftop; the first time he’d seen the
“He hadn’t woken up yet, but he seemed to be having some kind of nightmare… He was moaning something and then he reached out and—”
John paused. He was suddenly unable to force the words past the barriers of his teeth and tongue. Aware of Mycroft’s gaze on his tired face, he squared his shoulders and continued.
“It’s a shame,” Sherlock yawned, standing in one fluid movement and gesturing at the headline draped across John’s lap.
Mycroft said nothing as John’s brain reeled, flashing red screens and train whistles and concrete walls and blood,
Now John did take a step forward. His hand was still aloft; it hovered inches from Sherlock’s chest. A tiny volume of air and a paper hospital gown were all that separated John’s skin from his.
Beneath the words, a new sound started up, a horrible ringing that reverberated in the space where Sherlock’s head might have been, if he still possessed one.
John had jumped out of an airplane, once, in Afghanistan. Briefly, while his brain still retained some of its normal function, he reflected that the sensation of Sherlock’s hand on his wrist was rather similar to parachuting from a moving aircraft. There was the identical way his stomach dropped, the feeling of wind rushing past his face, the exhilaration of free-fall consuming him. He let himself be consumed.
This time Sherlock did not flinch. The sensation of his hand on John’s jumper seemed to draw him forward, eyes bright with a desperate hunger.
John’s voice was muffled. It took Sherlock a full second- much longer than normal- to latch on to John’s intended meaning, by which time the doctor had already begun explaining himself.
“Pick a new one… I do get tired of hearing the same old insults while I lie dying in a hospital bed.”
Sherlock had always been able to trust himself, body and brain, until that moment. Sure, there had been miscalculations. There were times his body had given in to the baser instincts of pleasure or pain. But even those had been failures of a logical nature. Sherlock had never before been confronted with evidence of his absolute, complete descent into an irrational realm.
Sherlock had once counted 23 simultaneous trains of thought, during a particularly frustrating case involving an arsonist, a movie theater, and a stray cat. But 27 was a new record, and he was feeling rather proud of himself until the train devoted to observing his immediate surroundings fell off the tracks.
The only remaining explanation hurt nearly as much as believing John to be dead, but it was the only non-impossible conclusion.
The black pupils widened, they were swallowing him whole and then he was plummeting towards a familiar expanse of concrete.
John did not sound very happy. In fact, he sounded rather like he was inclined to strangle Sherlock. His arms remained firmly crossed, however, and he glared down at Sherlock with his best “I’m worried but I’m going to pretend I’m angry” expression.
When John regained awareness of his feet on solid ground, he realized Sherlock was looking at him intently, eyes narrowed in that delicate way he sometimes looked at an especially puzzling dead body. Only there was something different about his gaze, about the way his slender fingers had locked around John’s wrist. It was like he was holding onto something incredibly fragile, something that might evaporate if he let go.
Sherlock felt his toes come back into existence, then his feet, his calves, his knees. Awareness spread upwards through his body in a wave of pain and his lungs expanded suddenly, sucking in a breath of faintly-chemical air.
Sherlock flinched, a horrible instinctual shudder that made John doubt the stability of his own knees.
John was aware that his hand was moving, his body twisting as he pulled aside his jumper. But he could not follow the motion with his eyes- they were locked on Sherlock’s face, captivated by the words written in the sharp plane of his cheeks, the slant of his eyes, the curve of his lips:
Mycroft’s face remained as impassive as ever, and John stood to close at least some of the gap between his shadowed eyes and those of Sherlock’s brother.
John would have strangled the man for his choice of words if he hadn’t been consumed with rage for another person at the moment.
John’s voice broke just a little and he stopped, taking a shaky breath. This time Sherlock took advantage of the break; it was disturbing to watch John’s anxiety seep through the cracks in his military-grade armor, so he filled the silence with his own voice.
Sherlock’s only hope for relief lay over the concrete horizon of Bart’s roof, beckoning with the promise of oblivion. Peace lay four stories below in the collision of bone on sidewalk, not window dressing but
Sherlock was quite certain he had been impaled. He realized suddenly that it was possible for words to be more painful than a collision with concrete, and only managed to keep breathing because he knew John would become even more distraught if he failed to do so.
John realized Sherlock had left his chair, moving noiselessly to kneel in the space between John’s knees. His dark curls were so close, resting like lines of ink on the on the smooth marble of his flesh.
John ripped himself violently from the memory and willed his legs to move, to carry him forward towards a silhouette that flickered in double vision. Sherlock, seen from below, and Sherlock, from behind… only now the detective was turning, slowly, as if movement were a dangerous thing.
Suddenly it occurred to the detective that his brain had once done exactly this. After all, he had completely deleted (or rather, rewritten) the fact that his childhood best friend had been drowned.
“I knew he wasn’t on drugs,” he said, attempting to match Mycroft’s haughty tone but coming across rather shaken. “I was angry you would even
There was something in the plain, unaltered admission that shaped itself into a question. A request, a hand hanging in the air above John’s chest. The doctor reached out and pulled Sherlock’s fingers towards him until they rested on the same spot he had foolishly touched the detective.
include him bleeding out in a hospital room while you’re halfway across Britain doing God knows what.”
Mycroft sighed. He made a little motion as if to lean on his now-absent umbrella, a twitch John noticed with satisfaction.
The detective lurched backward, his hands finding the smooth hospital wall. He realized he was shaking, in fact the wires drooping from his arms were rattling against the metal hook of the IV machine.
“You always were rather protective,” he said smoothly. “You are quite right to think that this entire situation could have proceeded with less discomfort for everyone involved.”
John’s voice seemed to travel through Sherlock’s bones, through his metacarpals and carpals and radius and ulna and humorous until his sternum was vibrating with the sound of his own name and—
Sherlock wondered if one day he would be marked by his proximity to John. If his skin would bear the invisible impressions of John’s emotions. Would they become cancerous, these scars? Eat into the fabric of his being and infiltrate his mind with sentimentality? Maybe they’d be joined, one day, by physical marks. The imprint of lips and teeth and fingers and—
Mycroft looked away from the two men at his side for the first time. He fixed his eyes on the window, speaking to the sliver of grey sky visible through the curtains.
He broke off for a minute, closing his eyes, and Sherlock drank in the new pattern of lines that appeared around the man’s mouth. This was a novel one, this expression. A combination of John’s “I don’t want to talk about it” and his “I wish I understood you” and something of his “I’m regretting even asking this question.” Sherlock filed it away for future reference, trying not to think about that fact that the images in his mind palace would soon be all he had left of John. He couldn’t be allowed out again.
he thought, as the warped record in his brain came to a screeching halt . For one infinitesimal moment he considered allowing himself to believe in miracles- to believe that John was not going to leave him to drown in his own mind.
“I wasn’t going to ask,” John said coldly, knowing full well that Mycroft had probably deduced his exact thought process.
Sherlock twitched one eye open, which, considering his ability to hold himself indefinitely motionless, amounted to a full-on faint.
Sorry for the suspense… but never fear, the resolution is here!  Thanks as always to everyone who’s sticking with the story, and my wonderful beta-reader :)
“Unfortunately, it seems my brother didn’t foresee that it would exasperate the part of him that was once prone to… self-destructive thoughts.”
Sherlock was pondering the uses of spiderwebs in concealing criminal evidence when John asked the question. It wasn’t the one he was supposed to ask.
John laughed, the way he did when there were no words to express what he really wanted to say. But he tried anyway, stringing together the syllables like a necklace of broken beads.
John froze, his hand aloft. Sherlock held himself completely still, the heart monitor stuttering drunkenly into the silence between them. He counted 37 beeps before John took a tiny step forward. His eyes, lit from the side in stark fluorescence, found Sherlock’s.
Sherlock tried to cry out, to tell the voice to stop, and suddenly he realized the words were his. He was standing at the edge of a river, eyes fixed on the swirling water below. A thin iron rail separated him from the emptiness beyond, and he felt himself lean forward over the turbulent grey current.
John’s feet pounded on the staircase, echoing the pounding of blood in his head. He counted the floors as he passed, drawn forward by terror and pushed from behind by hope.
It felt like poison, like the scars he imagined John leaving on his skin. But it was a blissful poison; they were beautiful scars. Sherlock was sure John was corrupting every fiber of his body and mind.
Sherlock’s mouth moved, the voice echoed in his skull and he was falling, tumbling towards the water.
John let the newspaper droop, peering at Sherlock over a headline declaring that half of Andre Street had been leveled in an explosion. Through one silver eye, Sherlock watched the thoughts flicker behind the darker blue of John’s irises. Frustration, confusion, resignation- affection? The emotions spun themselves out across the doctor’s face, so unlike the brittle mask of serenity Sherlock was holding together with 93.6% of his willpower. The remaining percentage was engaged in recalling an expression he had heard once, while lurking under-cover in a coffee shop.
The detective raised his head, face turned upward as though simultaneously basking in the warmth of John’s gaze and fearing that it would burn him.
“I’d always known we’d need to set up a plan in preparation for the initiation of today’s unfortunate events. However, I was—” here Mycroft assumed an especially distasteful expression- “—unaware that there would be chemical substances exasperating the urgency of implementing operation Lazarus2.”
Twisting his stiff neck to glance towards the increasing racket emanating from the hall, John turned just in time to catch the door bursting open to admit a tall man in an impeccable suit along with the same gaggle of nurses that had occupied the room hours earlier.
Sherlock opened his eyes, two spots of turquoise fixed on John’s face. The doctor let himself be examined, let Sherlock drink in the reality of his existence in the physical plane.
There would be emptiness still to cross, dust and debris and the suffocating heat of nascent galaxies blinking into life. They would never pass through this universe without being scarred by each other’s light, scorched by each other’s pain.
Sherlock pitched forward onto the rooftop, wrenching himself from the shadowy depths of his mind. He lay there, panting on the concrete, with his coat spread around him like the black stain that had spread from Moriarty’s skull in this very spot.
Somewhere deep inside himself, Sherlock cried out. The blackness was wavering, boiling around him, growing pale with a light that stabbed at his eyes. A fiery glow slashed at his retinas and suddenly he was staring at—
Sherlock’s voice hung between them like something alive. Delicate, almost translucent in the light of the microscope, the sound took forever to reach John’s ears. He felt it in his chest first: the ripple of air from a butterfly’s wings, swelling into a hurricane of unspoken words.
Sherlock didn’t look away, but his expression had changed. Fear had been abandoned for the unbridled honesty of a man facing death- or rather, the far more painful punishment of being left alone with his mind.
or the real John Watson down on the pavement would be dead. So Sherlock jumped- and the John Watson next to him smiled a reassuring smile and jumped right along at his side.
For that is what he had been- irrational, insane- when he stepped forward to the edge of the roof and realized that there was
Mycroft did not attempt to finish John’s sentence. He was still turned away, but John could see the man’s reflection in one of the screens at Sherlock’s bedside.
“You can’t just end a conversation and then start it up again whenever it suits you,” he said, slowly, pretending that he was imagining the annoyance seeping into his own voice. He had asked Sherlock about Mary to distract him- to reassure the detective that he was not alone in being haunted by nightmares and specters. And now Sherlock had managed to make John the subject of another interrogation completely.
Sherlock calculated that he had exactly nine minutes before Lestrade showed up to coax him down from the roof of Bart’s.
Sherlock waited; he knew what was coming. He’d heard the words echoing in the back of his head for three days, playing on an endless loop until they became distorted and blended together into something that no longer resembled human speech.
“Did you know she wasn’t real?” the detective asked, his voice reminiscent of someone inquiring about the weather.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, attempting to still his frenetic neurons. He hated the days when his mind became a railway junction- it was unbearably noisy. He much preferred the days when his thoughts arranged themselves into a symphony. Instead of trains, there were instruments, each one an observation with its own unique sound. On symphony days Sherlock listened to all the instruments and arranged them into music only he could hear. Those were good days, case-solving days.
Thus Sherlock was forced to conclude that the John who reacted so calmly to this transgression was a fabrication. Now the trouble was finding out exactly when this had happened, and where the real John had gone.
Quickly Sherlock puts his hand on John's fingers. “Please, John. Don't go.” He averts his eyes and sits down. Almost carelessly his dressing gown falls open a little. He looks miserable. John hasn't even heard him say 'please' before. It doesn't sound as good as he'd imagined.
As Latrice’s cackle thunders through the loudspeakers, John checks the queen’s file. 47 years old, currently residing in Hollywood. Placed fourth in season four. Served time in prison for drug possession.
my date, apparently.” John demonstratively re-opens the laptop. The e-mail is signed by Sebastian Wilkes, Director of the Trading Floor at Shad Sanderson. John frows. The somewhat arrogant young investment banker who had provided them with the case one week earlier, doesn't seem like the type to organise a murder mystery party. Let alone that it would be appropriate, so shortly after the murder of a colleague. Although those City Boys aren't particularly famous for their EQ, of course.
“I don’t need you to guide me tonight. No monitors, no microphone, nothing. Just… allow me this privacy. Please.”
Sorry to all those who didn't catch all the references. Worth a YouTube search: "Soju + cyst". Thank me later. Or kill me later.
“First, he'd grab me by the hair and drag me to bed”, he breathes against John's lips, and almost touches his tongue to it, yet seems to change his mind.
Phi Phi was not entirely wrong, earlier today. She-lock winces as she thinks back on her words - “the only unfuckable queen”. But it’s true - since She-lock’s Drag Race win, nobody has asked her out, nobody has
He’s already hung up, insufferable man. Sherlock grunts. Great. Now they’re stuck in bloody France with a potential killer on the loose. Sherlock hadn’t been counting on this case actually requiring effort - other than ziplining himself to the ground with John
He feels John’s tongue slowly licking his way past his lips, its warmth awakening all that was dormant inside.
He reaches into the rucksack for the gadgets manual and finds Q’s number on the first page. If Mycroft won’t help...
I've decided to start posting this story two times a week, on Mondays and Fridays. It will be super intense, but I think I can make it. All your lovely reactions have really spurred on my writing, and meant more to me than I dare to admit.
“John, as I have told you many times before, please steer clear of Wikipedia”, Sherlock says without even looking up once. He turns a page, and even from this distance John can distinguish every shadow of his long, lean fingers. God, he would be an amazing pianist. Or a very wearisome Gretel to fatten up. The fairy tale of Hansel and Gretel would have been three times longer if the witch had had to start
At the same moment, a figure grabs her from behind, making her miss the shot. John cowers, ears ringing. Then, another shot rings. This time, the bullet grazes just above John’s knee. John lets himself drop to the floor. He stares at his legs in surprise. Then, he looks up.
“Who robbed you?” Lestrade suddenly asks. He’s been hiding behind Alaska, since he’s wearing only boxers and a pink crop top, but now he’s stepped forward. John smiles. Lestrade will always be a copper at heart, even if he looks more like the fashion police.
Sherlock is awake, and looks nervously at Moriarty. “Re-enacting Goldfinger? It’s not our favourite. You should stick to Glee.”
Next to him, on his hotel bed, Sherlock sits. Fully dressed, staring at his sleeping friend like Edward fucking Cullen.
John, meanwhile, seems to have drained all colour from his face. “Can’t you just give me a… Hoop skirt? Nobody’s checking down there, right?”
Mycroft coughed lightly, but resumed speaking almost immediately, “And he misinterpreted exactly which parts of his world he’d been hallucinating.”
Now John did turn away, hiding his expression from Sherlock’s eyes. The detective hated when he couldn’t see John’s face; it was like losing the subtitles on a foreign film. When the irritating imprecision of language failed to convey the doctor’s feelings, his eyes always told the truth. But now Sherlock was forced to read the tension in John’s shoulders instead as the man leaned his forehead against the faded wallpaper.
Or perhaps he was regretting the events of three days before, his momentary lapse into sentiment: the press of his lips against John’s. Maybe he was retreating into himself, trying to prepare the doctor for the moment when he’d be asked to leave, told it had all been a mistake and directed to forget he’d even met Sherlock Homes.
And then there was no space at all between them- only the sudden convergence of souls with the force of a supernova, two worlds resolving in a flare of colors too brilliant for the Earth’s ordinary palette.
Folding in on himself, he allowed the emptiness to spread through his veins like anesthesia. The breath left his lungs in a sigh, carrying with it the agony and fear and desperation that had torn through his body at the thought of John’s departure. It was easier, this numbness, than than suffering through the internal lacerations of grief. So Sherlock surrendered himself to the void, giving in to the blackness closing in over his head.
The voice continued, clawing at Sherlock’s temple. He tried to twitch away, to cover his ears, but he discovered that he had no body to move.
“You’ll never do what again? Run off, black out on the rug, jump off a building, stop breathing in the kitchen? You’ll never make me think I’ve lost—”
It was Sherlock’s turn to look away. He let his eyes settle on the microscope again, feeling his pupils dilate in response to the harsh white glow. A reflex, his brain adjusting ocular muscles to save him the pain of looking into such brightness. Automatic, just like the tightening in his chest, the hitched breath he stumbled through as his ears registered the agony in John’s voice. It was Sherlock’s body trying to protect him again, but this was a light from which he did not want to be sheltered. He did not want to hide from John’s incandescence- not when
Sherlock was certain he was screaming, but no sound reached his ears. He was drowning and burning at the same time, and still the images race before his eyes.
“He wears his heart on his sleeve, that one,” an old woman was saying, stirring her coffee primly. Sherlock had wrinkled his nose at the phrase. It made no sense, just another example of sentiment bleeding into imprecise idioms. He knew, of course, that the woman meant her acquaintance was far too forthcoming with his emotions. But one’s heart had nothing to do with feeling; sentiment was nothing more than the nuanced shift of neurochemicals. Besides, why would one display such whims on the sleeve of one’s garment? It would be much more effective to communicate with one’s face, as John did so effortlessly.
The clink of glassware drifted from the direction of the kitchen and John abandoned the newspaper, placing it warily on the side table. He tried to leave his dread there, too, beneath the folds of the paper, but it didn’t work. So he looked away, straightening his legs and glancing at the flecks of dust adorning his shoes. He wondered what Sherlock had read in the pattern of soil and concrete that was incomprehensible to his own eyes. Sherlock was always reading things, sensing things, knowing things as if the universe broadcast the answer to its mysteries on a wavelength normal people were not equipped to receive. Sometimes John had the feeling Sherlock was reading him, too. Tuning in to a secret transmission he wasn’t aware he had authorized his body to give.
And that meant Sherlock had gone horribly wrong, somewhere in the last few days. The last few months, maybe. At some point he had replaced the real John with the one in his mind, the one who had kept him company during his years of dark places and dark thoughts. Because he had kissed John, the one he’d thought was real, three days ago- yet there had been no consequences. There had been no silent explosion, no forced smiles or “goodbye Sherlock,” and the real John would never have let that happen.
The hand was gone before John could say anything, but Mycroft’s voice rang out again over the steady beep of the heart monitor.
Sherlocked flinched at the sound of his own voice, but he was backed against the wall with nowhere to go and the thoughts were pouring back into his brain like the saline flooding his veins.
John was seized by the instinct to reach out and let Sherlock feel the solid weight of his hand, to comfort the detective with the certainty of his presence.
Then he realized how ridiculous this notion was. He had been wrong all along- he had miscalculated, thinking he understood John enough to predict the man’s behavior without fault. And perhaps once he had. But that was the
John considered the risk of continuing this particular inquiry, but decided that it would only grow more dangerous if allowed to fester.
John gave a silent answer in the tilt of his body, leaning into Sherlock’s hand. The detective’s eyes narrowed a fraction, as though his sense of touch was the only thing that could be trusted in this fragile moment. His fingers traced the lines etched into John’s skin, trailing over his flesh with the reverence of an artist admiring a masterpiece.
In two long strides he had crossed the room to Sherlock’s bedside, ignoring the bustle behind him as the nurses jostled back into the hall.
He was surprised, actually, that his brain had enough tracks to run this calculation alongside the 27 other locomotives barreling through his skull. They raced along iron rails of logic, each with its own separate engine of deductions spewing forth a whirlwind of steam.
Sherlock felt his limbs move, kicking frantically as he struggled to flee from the anguish blooming in his chest. His lungs were screaming for oxygen, for—
John wasn’t sure he had given his lips permission to form the damning word. Then again, Sherlock seemed to make John’s body do all sorts of things he hadn’t given it permission to do. Squaring his shoulders forcefully, he grabbed the carton of milk with his free hand and turned to face the detective.
In the same moment that Sherlock felt his fingers rejoin the physical world, his vision cleared and a hospital room materialized around him.
John realized it was pointless to resist; evasion was not a tactic that worked with Sherlock. He would press on, delving towards the answer he sought like a heat-seeking missile. He had hunted down John’s birth certificate just to discover the man’s middle name- if he wanted to know something, he would find a way to make John tell him. Better to be up front with him and avoid the collateral damage.
It was a gentle touch, fingers landing lightly on paper and skin and bone, but it forced the breath from Sherlock’s lungs. Suddenly he was body-less again, reduced to a single point of contact with the man standing only inches away in the newly-restored silence.
Somewhere in the distance a door was slamming. Footsteps echoed on the tiled hospital floor, the light patter of a woman’s feet and the louder click of a man’s stride. John stirred against the sharp edges of the plastic chair he had occupied for the last three hours, pulled up as close to Sherlock’s bed as he could manage. The man hadn’t stirred since he’d collapsed and been hauled back onto the blank white mattress by no less than five nurses. Apparently his attempt at escape had triggered an alarm in the nurse’s station down the hall, and half the floor had come running.
Slowly, Sherlock pushes in. Inch by inch. It doesn’t hurt as much as John thought it would. It’s a weird feeling, really. Yet… interesting.
It’s the Alices - except now, they are empty-handed and head outside the castle, scattering in different directions.
It’s where he needs to be, he knows. He claws at the tub, pushes himself up, fights the fog. Stumbles forward, into the bathroom door, and falls out. Onto the floor.
John licks his lips. It’s as he suspected, as he dreaded. Sherlock doesn’t really feel things this way, or at least not about
“Well, you have a lot of work cut out for you,” Ru says, smiling. “I’ll leave you to it. Break a leg! Not literally.”
“Now,” John says, before he starts actually dripping. “You don’t want to dive right in, there. You want to… tease a bit, first. Yeah.”
“He helped me with a... work problem about a year ago,” Wilkes says, wiping a ‘Shad Sanderson’ embroidered cloth across his nose. “Sorry, I have a cold. Yes, no, is this lighting flattering at all?”
A pink flush reaches Sherlock's cheekbones now, as she speaks, pronouncing the last words like there’s a hot potato in her mouth. “It wasn't a murder at all. Herlock Sholmes
She-lock doesn’t pull her hand back from John’s hair, and John reaches up and wraps his fingers around her wrist.
John softly touches Sherlock, right next to the longest scar, that reaches like an unwanted vein into the side of his neck. A small shiver ripples through Sherlock’s body, and John quickly retreats.
John directs Sherlock’s hands to his sides, and positions himself at Sherlock’s head. When he puts the palms of his hands on his back, Sherlock tenses completely. John waits patiently, until Sherlock slowly lets go and starts breathing evenly. Then, he strokes all the way down over his back, careful to keep his fingers together and thumbs parallel. Sherlock makes a tiny throat noise, encouraging John to repeat this movement.
John giggles. “So errr, Sherlock…,” he whispers in his ear. “I know you like this suit. Do you want to go inside and take it off?”
John’s cards so far, are quite promising. Judging from his slightly nervous demeanor, he estimates Sherlock doesn’t have very good cards. But they need to get to Moran through this moron.
“Oh, I just walked in, nurse first,” Latrice says. “It’s all fine. She fell down, she got up, she looks sickening.”
Jonathan is already trying on John’s favorite Christmas jumper, crunches it up to his navel, then dashes out the room.
Sherlock lies in complete submission on top of the covers, still wearing his pajama pants and a loose tshirt. His arms are outstretched above his head, and he doesn't move.
Before joining her on the balcony, John takes a quick peek in She-locks luggage. Gowns, wigs, make-up, books. No blood bags.
John swallows. Perhaps that’s it, isn’t it? It was Sherlock’s first and only experience with sex, so maybe he thinks it’s always like that. It’s not.
Carefully, Sherlock looks at him through half-closed eyelashes. “Please John. It was…. interesting. What you did.”
“I thought the House of Holmes was more of a… Homeless network,” Latrice says, awe seeping into her voice. She’s on her second cocktail now. “What’s it like being She-lock’s brother?”
John presses on. They can both make it through this together. Just because they slept together, and John has feelings, doesn’t mean Sherlock should give up on his best chance at a happy relationship.
On the other side of John, the curly-haired woman sits down. She smiles at John and leans slightly forward, allowing a look into her… full house, in the front of her dress. John averts his eyes.
“Now, what does a good soldier do before he shoots his load-,” Sholto slowly says, emphasising each syllable. “-ed rifle into an enemy?”
“Right. Neither did she. Because of her tumor. Which, for a lack of a better word, exploded into her brain just now. The murderer, Lestrade, is herself,” Sherlock concludes.
“That’s how most psychopaths make you feel,” Dimmock says. “They copy behaviour, know how to come across nice.”
Mycroft raises his eyebrows underneath the blindfold. Probably to secretly glance at the board while the cloth moves. Sherlock smiles.
Shoutout to my gal Weavetree for her Through the Looking Glass reference in the comment section of chapter 1. I screamed when I read that. Now you know why, my tree friend.
This fic has been the best writing experience of my life. Most of you are so incredibly nice, I have no words, it makes me cry, it makes me never want this to end. However, we're two chapters away from chapter 10. I promise a happy ending. Have a nice weekend ;)
Christ. The bravery of the soldier. John releases Sherlock’s hand. “Not the… Bond girls,” he says, and he averts his eyes. “Not so much.”
She-lock is looking for words to say... Well. To say: get out of my way, John, that’s my 10,000 dollars.
She-lock just stares at her blankly. Has she come to Gia Gunn all over their fun? She already tried in the hotel corridor, but it didn’t work. John seems unfazed today. And She-lock’s not here for all those pageant queen mindgames.
Sherlock mustn’t think about last night anymore, now. That would be inappropriate. They’re at a crime scene, after all. A woman is lying dead on the floor. Sherlock’s body is bent over it.
“When I'm... sober.” Sherlock buries his head into his long fingers. Damn that Victor, John thinks. If he ever gets his hands on him...
Sherlock’s been asking himself the same thing. He should leave, now. And purge the world of Moriarty’s men. Perhaps never come back.
“So… What were some dishes you had when you were growing up?” Antoni asks, massaging an avocado with his - John just notices - frankly beautiful hands.
“John, I knew you would be safer staying put in your room, and I was right. You almost died yesterday because you decided to come up to the penthouse. Lestrade and I were expecting her soon. Mycroft had texted me as much. She was going to come in, be surprised by Lestrade’s presence, and if needed, I was going to use the syringe on her. Until
“This is a student doctor, Sherlock,” Sherlock says for the umpteenth time that day. Playing doctor isn’t as fun as he thought it would be.
In the living room, it’s pure chaos. Jonathan and Bobby are jumping on the sofa, while Antoni is staring at the bison skull with headphones.
Sherlock looks her up and down. Cat lover. Size 12. Lib Dem. Secret tattoo. Clever. Bakes own bread.
Once he gets moving, Sherlock becomes an animal. As Sherlock pulls back, and then back into him, harder, sighing with want and need, he touches John’s face and neck, puts a hand over his mouth, over his eyes. Sherlock picks up a desperate pace, grunting with need. He’s like a teenager, barely able to contain himself, wanting all of it, grabbing and feeling blindly. And all the while, Sherlock keeps his face safely hidden in John’s shoulder.
John swallows. He can’t bring himself to call Sherlock that - but he can fuck him into pieces. John almost goes all the way out of him again, then thrusts hard, pushing Sherlock's body upwards. He grabs at his shoulders and repeats the motion, starts really thrusting now. He feels his balls slap against Sherlock as he almost loses himself completely.
He blinks and blinks, against the heaviness of his own eyelids. Then, through drops of water and a misty film, light filters in. The shape of a room. White marble. A bathroom, he is in a bathroom.
John pauses. Sherlock can feel him breathing against his ear. Likely, John too needs to recover from the experience - but
Lipstick messages are apparently a signature thing in this reality show, so the Yard suspects it was written by a drag queen.
“I hope you’re ready for a lip-syncing eleganza extravaganza,” Todrick says. “We’re going to be doing one long, uninterrupted…”
“I’ve gotten my hands on footage of yesterday’s so called ‘dessert date’ between David and Jonathan,” Sherlock says, stepping over John’s bed in a frenzy. “They’ve been
And Jonathan seems like a good man. As far as celebrity doctors go, John supposes. Who then, is John, to stand in the way of their happiness?
“The park is almost closed for the day, I would recommend using them tomorrow,” the lady says, her smile faltering a little. “Have a magical time,
“Michelle Visage returned to her hotel room between filming promos today,” Lestrade says. “To watch some RuPaul reruns because, I quote, ‘she misses her babies’. But when she went into her hotel bathroom, the bath tub was filled with blood.”
That’s all it takes. John grows rock hard. He groans, cursing himself for his teenage boy behaviour.
His awkward rambling is interrupted by the sound of all car doors being locked simultaneously. He looks up, to see the taxi driver’s eyes smiling at him.
Sherlock moves very close to him, towering over him. “I mean,” he says, voice rumbling. “Will you suck a cock for the chance at your own talk show?”
. At the end of the video, a female voice appeals to any viewers to go to the show's website to enlist for this special dating show. The title, apparently, will be 'Wilson Needs A Heart'. John chuckles. The tagline – '
He turns to She-lock. “Umm… Let me tell you this. There were times when I didn’t even think you were human…”
“Look closely, John.” Sherlock says, not even opening his eyes, or moving, just straining against the door so hard that John is worried it might fly open and scatter the detective across the London streets.
“I have questions,” John says, a little louder. Sherlock cannot bring himself to break eye contact, though it feels like risking it all.
Sherlock glares at him. “Of course, I had a lot of great role models. You see, I had come into contact with doctors myself plenty of times. Especially as a teenager. The STD’s I’ve had…”
“221B Baker Street, please”, he croaks. He's been such a fool. That was such a John Watson move in there. An old move, perhaps. Resorting to violence. Embarrassing everyone that's present. His fist is still shaking. The street lamps' lights slide off Sherlock's cheekbones as they drive through the city. Sherlock, who's leaning against the car window, eyes closed.
John looks at Sherlock and Jonathan, riding close together. Jonathan is whispering in Sherlock’s ear. His curls are waving in the wind. Sunlight is falling on his face, or, in a way, it is shining from it. He does. Seem happy. John supposes.
John is not bothered by such ruminations, however, and settles for a tight-fitting black Star Wars shirt that depicts a helmet and the words ‘I am your father’.
Molly has put her hand on his knee and is whispering ceaselessly in his ear. But John lifts a hand and shakes his head, eyes closed, the lines in his face set to pure pain.
John bends forward, gets almost uncomfortably close to the detective. He rests his left hand on Sherlock's knee, which jerks a bit, the only giveaway of any possible nervousness.
“While taking care of the shaft, you want to use your hands for additional stroking, or for rubbing… his…”
Extra special thanks to all you readers out there. You seriously keep me going. I love hearing what you think, but if you just want to lurk, that's totally fine with me. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. <3
John stands at the pulpit for a while, unmoving, silent. He seems stunned, staring into the gathered blackness of the crowd. He clears his throat repeatedly, looks down at his hands, then up again. Molly starts standing up, looking unsure, but he motions at her to sit down.
But perhaps Sherlock had indeed softened during his exile. Maybe the beatings during captivity had failed to harden him. On the contrary.
John resigns to his fate. It’s his final date with Jonathan Wilson today. He grabs a suit the hipster boy prepared for him. Into battle.
John rinses out his hair. Why would Magnussen want that? He doesn’t seem particularly interested in Wilson, and even if he was, John is not his biggest competition - Sherlock is. Why would he encourage John to leave so Sherlock can concentrate on Wilson? Unless Magnussen wrote the threatening note and needs John to get out of his way so he can kill him without too much fuss.
Before the rose ceremony, John quickly hops in the shower. It was a long, rather sticky cab ride from the Hyde Park Stables to the hotel, after all. He had wiped Sherlock’s come off his back as well as he could, but still. If he could smell it, couldn’t everyone in that bloody cab? Luckily, Jonathan had taken a ride with production. Still, with Magnussen’s sweaty hands and the unsavory remainders of the back sperm, he wouldn’t have blamed the cabbie if he tried to offer ‘em all some poison pills.
“Here on the judging panel of RuPaul’s Absolut All Stars, we welcome Drag Race’s favourite YouTube stars,” Ru says.
The butler holds the platter underneath people's noses. There are tiny, white spoons on it, and everyone takes one, until it's Sherlock's turn and there are none left. He looks disappointed as a child, the butler looks mortified.
All British? She-lock knows exactly what this is: the producers apparently really want her to stay in the competition. They’re giving her an edge - it’s an advantage to be speaking the same language as your victim. They want her to bond with her vet, throwing ‘blimey, mates’ all around the work room. It’s a reverse Thorgy.
Sherlock freezes, like a zebra in the savannah who has finally spotted the skulking lion, in the long second before it comes to a race. John licks his lips.
“Look, five gay guys came in and the first thing he did was lose his dressing gown like a fierce Beyoncé rising from the ashes. No way that boy’s straight.”
“Up, up. We need you. Sherlock is supposed to do his one-on-one date with Wilson, a massage, but he’s refusing to take off his bathrobe. He’s demanding we bring him his clothes and organise a different date. We don’t have time for this, John. He already made one gaffer quit, and another one is in tears.”
“Good morning, gentlemen,” a middle aged man at the entrance says. His suit looks equally expensive, even though it’s clear he’s just a doorman.
She pauses, Jonathan opens his mouth. “Sherlock,” he says quickly, before she can continue beating a dead horse. “Will you please join me for a ride?”
“I won’t,” Sherlock’s voice sounds raspy. He puts his hands underneath his buttocks and stares at John for a long time.
“Come off it! That sounds like our everyday life!” John unclenches his fist. He doesn’t mean to shout. “I… could have helped you.”
Sherlock stares at him, speechless. Something drops from his face, goes down his throat as he swallows.
“Yes, tell him how you feel, and all that. He might…” Sherlock stops, and sighs deeply. “You never know when your last chance is to…”
On the floor, near John, a disregarded rose lies. It feels odd, to John. Strangely out of place. He stares at it, but his head won’t clear.
he’s hearing and feeling, which makes it somehow even more arousing. Soon, it’s not all that clear anymore which is which, who is who, and for a few moments, the bodyswap doesn’t feel all that much like a bad thing.
John knows that face, that close-to-orgasm type of gasp, those glittering eyes. It’s a breakthrough. What else could it be?
Sherlock walks up to the pulpit. The last few attendees sit down, the crowd silences, and a few press photographers start clicking away.
“Errr, thanks”, John says, shaking her hand. Was he supposed to do handshakes for all of them? Well. That ship has sailed, now.
Sherlock’s mouth runs dry at the sight of him. He’s - he’s not recognisable as himself. He’s a dark shadow, amidst mourners dressed in black. But those other people seem to be just playing dress-up. John
John pulls back and scrapes his throat. They both have obvious erections poking against the fabric of their trousers.
“John. As you know, my body is just transport to me. Nothing sentimental. Merely a device to get me from point A to point B.”
“Gotta go keep an eye on him,” John says apologetically to Tan as he exits the room, to go make sure Sherlock doesn’t actually start throwing eyeballs at the Fab Five.
What can I say? This fic started with a crazy idea and now it's over 50.000 words and I feel incredibly proud, and sad that it’s ending, and by the way, have I mentioned that 88thparallel is the best beta in the world?
He wonders what Sherlock and Jonathan are doing now. They were kissing earlier, but it’s been 56 minutes. They can’t kiss that long, can they? Maybe they have moved onto something else. Something… more.
“You’re bonkers. But very well then. Just one last touch to make you unrecognisable,” Wiggins says, and he stuffs two cotton balls in Sherlock’s mouth.
They’re standing on the threshold of the bathroom - Sherlock on the threshold of sanity. John releases, well, his former cock, to pull down his own zipper. Sherlock stands stock still, though one part of himself is trembling particularly hard.
Dimmock pushes the mute button. He’s giggling. “Oh, don’t look so shocked, John. They’re just quoting famous Drag Race moments.”
He uses one arm to reach deeper down. He brushes his thumb over his anus, lightly breaches himself - thinking of Sherlock, lying on a dorm bed, being overwhelmed with want, being ravaged - and John comes immediately, dirty, hard, squirting cum all over the flushed glass of the shower cabin.
John hesitates on the sidewalk before entering the store fashion expert Tan has invited him to. It looks a bit too posh for his taste. Too… well. Well-dressed, he supposes. And way above his pay grade.
“Your walking cane, your whale spear, your gun, your fire extinguisher, your sword, your flashlight, your crossbow bolt, your graduated cylinder…”
But quickly, Sherlock resumes not eating, keeping his hands around his fork and knife, making cutting remarks. After dinner, Jonathan Wilson goes on two seperate ‘dessert dates’, one with David and one with Magnussen. Sherlock disappears, and John wanders around the hotel for a while, tries to type a blog post, avoids Twitter.
“Your life was in danger. Not only yours, but Mrs Hudson’s and Lestrade’s. I knew I couldn’t come back before I’d dismantled Moriarty’s entire network, that stretched as far as Russia, parts of Asia, a little in the Middle East …”
She-lock lights up and takes a long, drawn-out swig. It’s almost as if she feels the nicotine instantly open the synapses in her brain.
hanging in the air. It is, of course, the result of living with someone for more than a year and knowing their breathing patterns intimately. Of having felt the mattress shift, perhaps; of feeling the outliers of the dip of an elbow that a head might lean on.
He sounds frustrated. Candlelight throws dancing shadows across his face. Sherlock is lost in the movement of it. He wishes to tell him so much, to comfort him. Then he feels John’s hands tightening around his, as if they’d rather be fists.
Sherlock looks up from the desk where he’s been staring into his microscope. He’s wearing his blue dressing gown - over a suit, at least. John has been urging him all day to put on some proper clothes, and this is their compromise.
To his relief, he notices a printed rundown of the funeral service by the microphone. The actual vicar, whom he temporarily locked up in the wine cellar, must have prepared it. Sherlock flips open the first page. He decides to ignore John and Molly’s side of the church, and addresses the other half.
“-Sholto…” John’s at a loss for words. His tongue feels dry in his throat. It’s like seeing a ghost from his past - Sholto, back in his old uniform, eyes hard, and speaking of hard -
The moon passes by the window – or rather, a cloud stops hindering its light – and for a second John feels as if he’s sitting in a spotlight. He looks down at his steaming cup.
“You’re already cute as a gay button,” Jonathan continues, unperturbed by the terror in John’s eyes. “You’re giving me serious daddy vibes. I like your swoop. So here’s what I want for you: trim the sides, curve the top, and make it a bit more military. Do you think Sherlock will like that?”
John’s back straightens. They sit very close, almost intimately so. It must look cosy, to the cameras.
“We're a couple, James and I”, Sarah adds, smiling. “I'm Millie Hopper, and Herlock Sholmes used to stalk James when he was on the rugby field. That's how we're supposed to know him.”
Maybe Magnussen’s aim is to create even more drama before publishing an exclusive exposé. If this is a fairytale, he’s definitely a villain, after all.
“Not ‘him’. Not ‘step away from him’. But ‘step away from her’, that’s how you’re supposed to address a drag queen. In case you’re wondering.”
Sherlock walks to the massage table and sits on it, like a patient in a doctor’s office. His long legs dangle awkwardly over the edge. His back is strangely stiff. Only now it crosses John’s mind that he’s probably naked underneath that soft, white silk.
Sherlock pushes him out the door. Then he looks back at John, glares, and disappears into his room, still holding John’s jumper.
A tad annoyed with himself for lowering his guard, he turns to his side and reaches for the telephone next to their bed.
John positions himself behind Sherlock. This close, their height difference is oddly emphasised. John’s nose almost reaches Sherlock’s neck, which is lean and smells faintly of roses. Why did he just notice that? Is this how Sherlock feels when he’s involuntarily deducing everyone?
“You’re safe. You may leave the runway. That means Jinkx and She-lock, condragulations, you’re the winners of this challenge. She-lock, you win a cruise. Jinkx, you win… a pair of suitcases. Yes, only one cruise. Al and Chuck are divorcing, honey.”
Sherlock smiles. “Just get on with it, I’m expected to be somewhere in a few hours. How about contouring this face, so its shape changes?”
“Instead of the usual hymns, the family and friend...s have selected a few songs during which we can reflect upon the life of Sherlock Holmes. The first one shall be played while I… gather the coffin.”
But anyway, hadn’t John and Sherlock already crossed a line last night? Would a lesson in fellatio really be that much worse?
Wait and do nothing? Just stare at this locked door? What kind of man does Mycroft think he is? He opens the Dalmatian rucksack. Frantically, he starts checking out the different gadgets Q has provided them with. Those, at least, have worked so far.
It turns out he wasn’t completely naked under the robe, but wearing a small white towel around his waist. John glances at it as Sherlock lies down, on his belly, and loosens the towel so it only lightly covers his buttocks. John swallows. Right. He’s a doctor, not a holiday resort employee. What does he know of massages?
“Anyway, John. Pay attention. If we solve this case quickly, no one will have to wear dick tape. Or die.”
“John, I just told you his life is in immediate danger. What I think about the man doesn’t matter in the least.”
“It seemed only polite,” Sherlock mutters. He touches John’s arm hesitantly. “Back to Baker Street?”
The door slams shut. One of his business cards falls off a nearby shelf and slides up to Sherlock’s shoe.
John groans. The man might not even wait for the rose ceremony to boot Sherlock off the show. Swank pot.
. This is RuPaul’s Drag Race, after all. She-lock tries her hardest not to roll her eyes. Perhaps she should even feign excitement. There is 100,000 dollars on the line.
And Sherlock should probably concentrate more on Jonathan. He needs to stop using John as a catalyst to unlock his buried desires and emotions. How can he build a good, trusting relationship with Jonathan and open himself up if he starts the whole thing off with lies?
There are no large buildings nearby, only a small ice cream stand that’s closed for the day. Sherlock and Jonathan run toward it, and barely fit inside. However, the cameraman and soundman also need to get inside, soon making it a hugely cramped space where nobody can move a limb.
“Take his hand,” John orders. He knows this drill from many awkward dates. The adrenaline makes you bond faster with someone. Hand holding helps - in several ways.
Sherlock looks terrified - even more than when he thought there was a dead body in his closet. “What do we do?” he asks.
When there’s no response, Mycroft turns and leaves. But Sherlock can’t quite face the crowd yet. He finds that he needs to stand underneath the Jesus statue until his shaking is under control. He’s never been this shaken up - Mycroft is… right. This is a serious matter to John, at least so long as he really believes Sherlock is dead. And by dressing up, Sherlock has made it his responsibility to make sure this is a proper goodbye. The only one he can give him.
He reaches for the pistol in the back of his trousers. But before he can grab it, Sherlock rips off his bow tie, presses his thumb down in the knot and throws it in the middle of the table. There, it explodes in a cloud of smoke. Sherlock grabs John’s hand and together they run out the room, to the main gambling hall. The politicians at the blackjack tables only look mildly annoyed at the noise. They hurry past them, to a door with a fire exit sign.
“So Victor”, John says. He fully and knowingly puts his hand on Sherlock's other leg now, not too high up, but just so Sherlock knows he's got his back, you know? Just so he knows he's safe, that's all. “How did you two know each other in college?”
Sherlock glances at the camera behind John, and it breaks John’s heart. He looks stunned. Like he’s still expecting it to be a cruel joke.
She-lock turns around and marches off set, into the backstage area decorated with a large couch, chairs and vanity stations where queens usually fight for a few more seconds of airtime, or learn their lines for the lip-sync. She grabs the largest cocktail off a tray, and paces back and forth. Trying to think. Why can’t she think?
“You’re a copper, Lestrade. That’s breaking and entering!” John yells, walking backwards to the bathroom to quickly throw on his bathrobe.
The keys that open almost every lock are useless with a keypad. They are attached to an explosive keychain, which he can’t use in public anyway. There are explosive glasses, too. There’s also a cigarette lighter that doubles as a grenade. Dentonite toothpaste. A box of sleeping pills. A cigarette that can shoot a mini rocket. A pocket snap trap - like a fancy mouse trap. A salad-filled French baguette that might just actually be lunch.
Lestrade is furious, both with Sherlock and himself.  If he’d just said something sooner, this wouldn’t be happening.  If Sherlock had never started taking the drugs in the first place, this wouldn’t have happened at all.
Sherlock loves to look at all the ancient exhibits, all the skulls and bones of people who were alive thousands of years ago.  He wishes he could deduce them, wishes he could know every minute detail of their primitive lives.  What did they like to eat?  What streets did they like to walk down the most?  Did they like music?  Did they know how to read?  Who loved them most in the world?
John laughs mirthlessly.  “Fuck you, Sherlock,” he spits.  He makes sure to slam his door hard enough that it rattles the air downstairs when he makes it to his room.
“Mark Breckenridge, aged 37, recently married, worked in aviation from the faint smell of jet fuel.  Had an affinity for Nepal, 3 jewelry items and his shirt are all made from fabric found there, that and he’s also got a 5 ruppe note and a bus ticket from Kathmandu dated 4 years ago in his wallet.”
John starts to feel that tight, hot orb settle in the pit of his stomach and he knows he won’t last much longer.  He hopes Sherlock is as close as he is, so he grabs his cock and starts to work it in tandem with the rhythm of his thrusts.  Sherlock whines and John feels him twist his legs around John’s middle, locking him in place. The change in angle causes John to be totally in line with Sherlock’s prostate.  John barely gets three thrusts in when Sherlock comes violently, calling out John’s name as he does. John feels Sherlock’s body spasm all around him and he comes seeing stars, his orgasm overtaking him in a wash of relief and absolution.
“This whole time, I’ve been trying to feel alive again, trying to reach out for anything to remind me that I’m still breathing.  But you make me feel alive, Sherlock.”
Lestrade wants to scream at Sherlock, wants to punch him and tell him he hates him, wants to arrest him right here and now and embarrass him by making his important brother have to come down to the station to get him out.  But he knows none of this will do anything but push Sherlock farther down into his addiction.  Lestrade knows he’ll have to threaten Sherlock with the loss of the one thing he cares about.  He hates to do it, but he knows it’ll be the only way to get any results.
Neither one of them has ever brought this up; Sherlock, because it’s too embarrassing, and Mycroft, because it’s too painful.  Sometimes, Mummy will bring it up at dinners or luncheons because she remembers it very differently from the boys.  Mummy simply remembers it as the time Sherlock fell and Mycroft took care of him.  Neither of them stops her when she tells it because they both know that it means something to her, even if they hate it.  For Mummy, it means something special remembering a time when Mycroft showed how much he loved his younger brother and Sherlock showing how much he loved his older brother by accepting that love.  But when she tells it, they both have the most strained looks on their faces, and they never comment or add to the story, even if she begs them to.  Mummy will never understands it and, the boys will never explain.
Oh yes, this Sherlock Holmes will most definitely be an adventure that tops crippling depression and war torn memories.
But actually, Sherlock is fully capable of filtering through the information.  In fact, he’s even able to not notice a thing if that’s what he wants.  Normally though, Sherlock doesn’t do this.  He still likes to know what’s going on around him.
Like, John’s started working out so he can keep up with Sherlock when he starts running all over the city.
It’s been a couple of years since Lestrade has had to stay with Sherlock for a full night.  Lestrade always tells Mycroft that he does stay through the night, even if he only stays for an hour.  Lestrade suspects Mycroft knows he’s lying to him because he’s seen how he can control the CCTV’s.  He’s also seen Mycroft around Sherlock and he’s pretty sure he’s smarter than his younger brother, and if Lestrade thought Sherlock was a genius, then what does that make Mycroft?   But Mycroft never so much as bats an eye at the senior detective.
Lestrade stays with Sherlock for a bit after dropping them off.  They both know why he does, but neither is willing to say it out loud.  At vulnerable times like this when horrible things have happened, Lestrade is worried beyond measure that Sherlock will start using again.  Back before John came into the picture, Mycroft would call Lestrade to sit with Sherlock and make sure he didn’t use.  He called them “danger nights.”  Lestrade has sat with Sherlock on more than two occasions, sometimes on Mycroft’s orders and sometimes not.  Sometimes even at Sherlock’s request.  The first few times, Sherlock would behave like a child.  He’d throw tantrums and scream how he didn’t need a babysitter, and Lestrade would always find a spare kit in one or more of Sherlock’s hiding places.  But each time the yelling would get quieter, the crying would get less frequent, and eventually the tantrums stop, and Lestrade doesn’t find anymore kits or needles or cocaine in Sherlock’s flat.  He barely even finds so much as paracetamol in his medicine cabinet.
John hears his phone chirp loudly at him and he tries to pull it out of his pocket while running down Borough High Street behind Sherlock.
“When Harry was 18, she moved out with some of her mates.  We didn’t see her much for the next couple of years.  Broke Mum’s heart,” he says, rolling his eyes and sighing.
The air in the room is thick and palatable with awkwardness and humiliation and just a touch of anxiety.  Sherlock silently begs John to speak first because he’s pretty sure he’s lost his voice or maybe just his entire ability to talk or form words at all.  He tries to open his mouth to will all that expensive education vocabulary out of his head, but nothing comes out.  Sherlock Holmes is speechless.
, Sherlock.  You sit there and you poke and you prod, you do that stupid filtering thing because someone who isn’t you is talking for once.  You let me think it was ok to tell you this stuff, the stuff you KNOW IS HARD FOR ME TO SAY!”
But then one night after David smuggled in some cheap wine for him and Sherlock.  This wasn’t anything new, but they got pissed and Sherlock was nothing short of surprised when David kissed him on the football pitch.  Sherlock remembers he had never felt more nervous than in that moment; inexperience was never something Sherlock dealt with well.   He also remembers realizing why he’d been so jealous, as the shape of David’s lips formed over his own.
He remembers playing Peter Pan with him.  Sherlock would pretend he was Hook and Redbeard was Smee, yelling at Redbeard to protect him from the nasty crocodile every time Mycroft would come outside to order him in for a bath before dinner.
“NO!”  Sherlock shouts like a petulant child.  John turns around stunned.  He’s heard Sherlock yell before, but never like this, never like a toddler who’s about to throw a tantrum.
Sherlock can’t help but laugh at all of John’s suggestions.  Should he know who any of these people are?  He thinks he’s got The Beatles in his mind palace somewhere, they sound familiar.  A never ending stream of
So when Lestrade starts to notice signs in Sherlock that something is wrong, he tries his best to reason his fears away.  Sherlock has always been irritable, but lately, Lestrade is noticing even more irritation out of him.  He has horrible bags under his eyes, but maybe he’s just having more trouble than usual sleeping.  And yeah, Sherlock always speaks quickly.  But sometimes you can’t even understand what he’s saying at all.
“I just thought you might want some company.  Hard blow and all….” he trails off again, his hand creeping slowly into the hairs in the back of his head.  Sherlock focuses on the movement for a moment too long.
John wants to tell Sherlock he wants to stay here in this moment forever, that he never wants to leave this bed or this room or this house ever again and just stay here with Sherlock’s warmth wrapped all around him.  John wants to tell him that he’s never felt this way before, not with anyone, not ever. He’s never felt this safe and wanted and alive. He wants to tell Sherlock how much he means to him, how much he needs him, how much he aches for his touch after a long day at the surgery, how much he thinks about him when he’s out with his mates and Sherlock won’t come with, how much he loves him.  He wants to tell Sherlock he thinks he’s in love with him but the words stick like molasses in his throat.
“What sort of music?”  Sherlock laughs softly, amused at the sort of things that John likes to know about him.  It seems to escape Sherlock that these are normal questions people ask when they’re getting to know someone.
“Sorry, John,” Sherlock yells back, smiling.  “Not my fault you didn’t have the good sense to be born with longer legs!”
John stands in the middle of the room, stock still and staring at Sherlock who can feel his eyes boring holes into his skin but doesn’t have the courage to actually look over to survey the damage.
Without a word, Sherlock scoops her up into the nearby truck when everyone was either dead or unconscious.  They speed away and Irene chatters excitedly while Sherlock stays stoically silent.  Irene notices Sherlock’s deliberate silence and slinks an arm around his neck and breathes into his ear.
John doesn’t speak on the way home.  Sherlock wants to say something while they’re in the back of Lestrade’s car, but he doesn’t know what to say or where to start.  John had offered to die for him, offered to die with him.  How do you thank someone for that?  How do you tell them what that means to you?  How do you tell someone what
Mycroft lowers himself to stare into the eyes of eight year old Sherlock.  Sherlock tries to seem brave by staring back.
Sherlock shakes himself free of Mycroft’s hold because even in his own head he’s never far from his reach.  He turns back to look at John still talking to the innkeeper and knows what he has to do.  He goes into the room marked SENTIMENT and shoves all his ridiculous nonsense thoughts about John in there and slams it shut.
Sherlock remembers the first time John ever really talks about his sister.  Harry is three years older than him but you’d never know it from all the coddling John’s done with her.  John likes to pretend that he doesn’t get on with his sister because it’s less painful for him that way.  It hurts so much more to admit that he wants to be close with Harry, wants it to be like it was when they were kids, but that it just can’t be while Harry’s still drinking.
He repeats in his mind like a mantra, an added measure to protect against the nightmares.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t.
And so he doesn’t tell him.  Instead, he reaches out to grasp Sherlock’s neck, mirroring his position.  He runs his thumb lazily across Sherlock’s sharp cheekbones and sighs when Sherlock leans into his touch.  John closes the distance between them to lay a chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips, which quickly turns passionate when Sherlock deepens it.  John pulls away to catch his breath.
“Sherlock, I’m not that bad of a bed fellow.  Here, I’ll even go down to the pub and leave you up here to fall asleep on your own.  You won’t even notice when I come in, all right?” John suggests as he gathers his jacket and wallet to go downstairs to spend the evening drinking good scotch and chatting up any woman that comes within a 10 foot radius of him.  “God, it’s like you’re purposefully avoiding sleeping or something, it’s mental,” he says under his breath right as he goes to open the door.
“So what if I am!?  What’s it matter to you!?”  Sherlock spits.  He doesn’t like being pushed into a corner.  He doesn’t like being judged.
“So….you’re telling me….”  John trails off for a second.  Sherlock takes the opportunity to roll his eyes, huff quietly, and turn his head as far to the right as he can without actually turning his body away from John.  “You fancy me?”  He concludes.
This chapter might seem a little OOC for some. My interpretations of John and Sherlock aren't as emotionally constipated as Moffat and Gatiss would have us believe, so there are some feelings in this chapter.  I tried to honour canon while also staying true to my own feelings about the two characters.
Sherlock remembers the first time he sees John’s scar.  Mrs Hudson likes to keep the windows open in the summer and the flat is a little overheated.  Sherlock is in the kitchen working on an experiment about blood stains when John leaves the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his waist.  For John, there’s nothing strange in this.  As a doctor, nudity doesn’t bother him; he’s trained in looking at the human body.  Likewise, as a soldier, the men in the barracks never cared too much about covering up.  Modesty never seemed like the most important thing on the menu when that menu included things like bullets, shrapnel, and bombs flying around in their general vicinity.  For John, walking around in a towel is polite.
to sleep in the bed with you,” Sherlock rattles hastily, hoping that was enough to satisfy John’s curiosity and they can go back to sitting reticently in each others’ presence and not mentioning their feelings or hopes or desires or wants or
John looked up at Sherlock again, eyes wide and heart pounding. Sherlock was giving him an icy stare, but he could swear he saw sadness behind it. This was so much worse than he thought. John took a deep breath. “...Right. Well, you’re gonna be stuck with me a little longer than expected.”
