Castiel to hear him, after all. He lifted his head, spitting into his palm, and pushed his sweatpants down his thighs.
“Sure, boys,” she chirped. “Whatever gets you lot out of here and me back to my smutty novel faster. Report to the bridge, I’ll start loading the images to the holo-table.”
“Dude, sometimes I wonder what’s wrong with you.”
If canon fic is your thing, you might also like to check out the first episode of
They’d had a decade to learn each other's tells.
Thanks to jscribbles for looking this one over for me <3
“Good to know.” Dean chuckled, giving Castiel a questioning look as he reached out toward the bundle. At Castiel’s nod, Dean slid them toward himself and unfolded them, looking them over.
He felt a rumble of approval spread through Castiel’s chest against his shoulder blades. Settling against him, Dean reached back to squeeze at Castiel’s impressively muscled flank. All that running…it was really a blessing to them both. Sliding his fingers south, Dean slipped the tips under the waistband of Castiel’s underwear suggestively.
what he was there for.
“Coffee, tea, or me?” Dean asked, holding up the white ‘Harrington’s’-branded coffee mug.
You know what's really exciting, though?
did not fantasize about having wrapped around him.
Distant star systems swirled prettily, pinkish-red and blue and white, each so far away that they looked to be mere flecks of muted color in the black. They’d take years to reach, any one of them. Dean had no idea what sector of space they were in—it wouldn’t have helped him any to know, either—but clearly the Saranton had jumped to get here, to a region so remote that not a single constellation seemed familiar; no Ursa major or minor, no Orion, no Draco or Ophiuchus or Crux. Everything was alien.
Happy Friday, folks!
Bobby was
- Mal <3
, or return my, uhm,” Castiel answered quietly, pausing to swallow hard. “I shouldn’t have done that, I didn’t plan to, it just…happened.”
“Hey, Cas!” he called, waving as he approached.
After staring down at his empty shot glass for a moment more, Dean placed it on the wooden counter next to Castiel’s, letting his feet swing down each side of the bar.
“Hey, kiddo!” he greeted her, kneeling down to her level. “What do you say to watching some TV while uncle Dean talks to his coworker, huh?”
“This
Castiel’s fingers danced across a phantom object at his throat as he said, “Well, my choices are still more limited than I wish they were. But the freedom of the ocean is something I never thought I’d have again.”
With big thanks to
Stepping out into the cold night air, they called for their rides—an Uber to take Dean back to Charlie’s and the passenger seat of Michael’s Toyota for Castiel.
“Maybe we can just ask her if we can look at the blueprints?”
“Don’t worry, Rufus, I’ve got it,” the green-eyed annoyance said, crouching down to help Castiel gather the taps. To Castiel, he smiled amiably, lifting the tub back up onto the shelf. “You’ve gotta go easy on these old shelves. Bobby’s not one to throw things away, and some of the drawers and bins get a bit stiff—”
Opening his eyes once he’d finished slowly savoring the mouthful of pastry, Castiel blushed again as he realized that Dean was looking straight at him from across the room. He was sandwiched between Lisa and Lydia, who were both chatting animatedly, but his gaze cut through the crowd to land on Castiel.
It had been nice to hear and was one of the biggest factors in why he hadn’t already given up and moved back to Illinois. Well, that and the fact that both Michael and Balthazar would probably hunt him down and drag him back again.
After pulling on some fresh, red-plaid pajama pants and a simple gray t-shirt, Dean shuffled his way toward the kitchen, barefoot. At the end of the small hallway that separated the bedrooms and bathroom from the rest of the apartment, he paused and peered around the corner.
, and
know how this goes, but he’s seen it on TV. He’s so, so much like Cas.
Well, he had Dean there. Dean shook his head into the stiffness of the trench coat, relishing the rough, punishing feel of it against his face before he began a slow loosening of his grip, leading into a reconciliatory slap on Castiel’s shoulder.
“Of course!” Castiel grinned. “I have a hunch I might want a second date, so I better do things right.”
Dean’s eyebrow ticked up his forehead as he reached forward to cover Castiel’s hand on the beer bottle. “I find that very hard to believe, Cas. You dote on people, all the time. And don’t do that, I’m the one who’ll have to clean it up.”
So...how are we all doing? Between the U.S. election and 15x18 airing tomorrow (no spoilers in the comments, please!) this week has been a wild one. I hope that maybe this little fic update can put a smile on your face!
Castiel made a soft noise of approval as he gazed down at Dean’s exposed body—Dean may have preened a little. What kinda guy didn’t like to know he had a pretty cock, after all?
As they parked down the street and began walking toward the huge, column-fronted building, Dean spotted Castiel leaning against a low wall. His hands were gliding through the air as he spoke to his brother Gabriel, who was standing obnoxiously in the middle of the pavement in front of him.
Dean...he liked to take his chances.
above the credit card totals.
done justice.
The coffee glides down like tasteless tar, sweetened with a couple of Advil. Dean dresses. He reaches for the shirt, almost touching Castiel’s handprint as he rubs his thumb across the shoulder hem.
“Good morning, Dean,” the old man croaked from his table at the side of the kitchen, where he had the previous day’s receipts painstakingly spread out before him. “What’s it today?”
“Oh, yes!” Castiel grinned widely, the points of his teeth on display as he held it up for Dean to see. “It was out on the reef where I met Gabriel, and it’s a really nice specimen...I thought you might want it for your collection.”
Their handshake sparked a warm jolt from finger to core, like a release of bottled lightning.
Castiel had both of his hands on Dean’s thighs, his tail curled so that their pelvises were only inches from each other. Dean’s cock strained, protesting, against the light gray fabric of his underwear. Castiel’s eyes lingered on it for a moment, taking in the damp spot near Dean’s tip, before he slowly slid his hands up to Dean’s knees and straightened slightly.
As the Eagles welcomed him to
Dean frowned. “I’ve gotten this far in life just fine on my own, I don’t think I need help making friends.”
“I barely understood a word of that. Put down the bowl, Clarence.”
My other big loves go to my girl jscribbles. She's a fantastic writer, who has some really exciting fic coming up shortly--
He rinsed out his coffee cup one-handed and tucked the book under his arm. It seemed like it might actually be interesting, not that he’d say as much out loud. Despite knowing Castiel for well over ten years, Dean realized that he didn’t really know that much about angels. It almost seemed rude
“Dean!” he whispered in surprise, blinking hard, his lips parting.
Well. The two black footprints on the floor, every line of the tread visible, and the burnt ring of carpet around them were pretty self-explanatory. Thank goodness for ship issue boots.
Trusting, Dean followed his lead and stepped to the side, giving Castiel a puzzled smile through the flashing gloom. Then Castiel’s hand slipped from his arm and came to rest on Dean’s chest. The tiny touch sent Dean’s heartbeat shooting up like a rocket.
With an audible groan in the near-dark, the guy tilted his head to the side, opening up his neck in a beautiful, breathtaking gesture of submission.
Castiel’s brow creased heartbreakingly. “In return? Most of the people who come here would just take them, if that’s what they desired. Some have, after taking everything else they wanted.”
Castiel fully intended to sleep in and let himself feel like an idiot for pushing Dean into working on the farm when he’d clearly been reluctant for a
—and stumbled back to where Castiel was sprawled against the bar on his stool, sliding into the seat next to him.
The evening air was fresh rather than cold, and with a couple of hours to go before the sun would set, it was a nice idea to walk the couple of streets from the Impala to the spot they had chosen for dinner.
“Why would Dean do something like that, with me? He doesn’t know me that well at all,” Castiel argued. “I don’t think he likes me much, for sure.”
Three days after their Zoom dinner, Castiel was making that expression on the other side of the screen, and Dean found himself
As the ladder at the back of the bar squeaked under Castiel’s weight, Dean let his eyes slip back closed.
Turned out friends were just as bad as brothers were about this kinda stuff.
P.S. If you would like updates, please
It was that arm, Dean knew.
Castiel’s gaze had been resting listlessly on the blank but glowing TV screen, the end credits of his documentary long ago done rolling. But, at Crowley’s pronouncement, he gave out a long groan and lolled his head against the back of the couch.
Dean grit his teeth, breathing calmly as best he could through them. “Yes, MEG. So, would you please, pretty please, be able to assist us, and make the blueprints of the ship available to us?”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean hollered at the minivan in front, which was clearly being driven by a guy with no clue how big the ass-end of his giant Honda actually was. “One more go on those brakes, buddy…”
“I see,” Castiel said, not seeing at all. “I was just glad it was a pig and not the ghost of the intimidating old lady.”
“Stop it,” Dean grumbled quietly. It was so easy to grin back at compliments when he felt like people wanted something from him. He’d been told he was good looking more times than he could count (or “pretty”, more often, when he was younger) and usually it meant people had a space in their bed for the night, or they were hoping for things Dean had no interest in giving.
“Fine,” muttered Castiel, stalking over to the bottom bunk and sitting heavily on the edge of the regulation foam mattress. “I didn’t want it anyway.”
That’d show Balthazar. That’d show ‘em all.
Dean nodded, glad that he wouldn’t have to work directly with Naomi. She was almost as bad as Adler. “Great, can you send me his details?”
Dean considered, before letting the thought drift away. As long as he had the right vibe and attitude, it really didn’t matter for what they were about to do.
, like a hurricane whipping around Dean, buffeting him back against the edge of the table. Castiel kissed with his entire body, and Dean’s only defense against the assault was to gasp air in deeply, filling his tingling lungs.
Dean had fired that shot years before, with Bobby right by his side. It had glanced off Castiel like it was nothing. Dean’s fingers shake as he drops it back to the ground.
To his right, another man—person—thing—sat. Blond. More wiry of form than the first, but less muscled.
“You ignored my texts, but you can’t ignore my face,” she said, her expression stiff and angry. Which…was reasonable, probably.
-ing tools and
Dean let out a chuckle. “Better be careful, Cas. They’ll round you up and replace your Stepford chip if you say that in the wrong company.”
Hauling himself up reluctantly a moment later, Dean moved over to the hooks on the wall and shoved his Tupperware back into his backpack, then hung it back between Garth’s and Cole’s. He did his best to ignore the childish impulse to throw Cole’s in the trash.
exactly how fascinated he was by holo-technology—he didn’t want to come across as
Dean pushed open the door, shrugging awkwardly. “It’s not, really.”
Okay—more words, less thinking about his new coworker naked.
Dean retreats.
Dean rolled his eyes, but gave Benny’s back a slap in turn. “Got it. Thanks for letting me film.”
Castiel rolled his eyes so hard he rocked on the balls of his feet.
“I was one fire axe away from being totally fried,” MEG added, quieter. “And you were the one who stepped up with the axe. So, thanks.”
The screen was black and for a long moment the theatre was plunged into deep darkness, waiting for the commercials to begin. Dean busied himself settling the popcorn between his knees and shrugging off his jacket.
“Did you check if the area Gabriel left his last transmission in is accessible?”
Sam was quieter. He’d thanked Dean gruffly once they’d settled on the front bench, ready to head back to Kansas. Dean had accepted it, hadn’t pushed. They could talk about whatever had gone down with Chuck later.
Castiel smiled shyly, and Dean looked back at him, feeling warm and proud. Dean reached out for his beer, tugging the condensation-damp bottle across the table toward himself before settling it in his palm, regarding Cas. With a cheesy grin, Dean raised his bottle toward the camera.
“Ooh, wow,” Dean teased, “I bet his ears are burning.”
Yeah, the world is still here. That’s a reward in itself. Sam is still here. Even Jack. Dean tries to focus on them, on their success, but there’s a black maw of a hole that walks around beside him, haunting the negative space where an angel should be.
Dean knew he looked amazing to the types of people he wanted to attract. That was the point.
can just adapt it. I’ll paint the pipes a pretty color at the end.”
“Outdoor sex” caused a momentary pause, as they stopped to define parameters. The threat of being caught, they both said, was a whole other thing to actually being caught, so there was a cautious maybe from them both—until Dean asked whether “outdoor” included “in the car”.
“On your own this morning?” Castiel asked with a frown, walking up to his usual table close to the counter, where a perfectly brewed coconut milk drip was waiting for him in a white mug.
With another one of his signature eyerolls, Castiel placed the papers down on the tablecloth between them, in the corner. “If they had been divorce papers,” he replied dryly, “I probably wouldn’t have wasted money on such a nice dinner.”
Castiel worked his lips slowly up the sub’s hot skin to the sweet, fleshy spot where his shoulder met his neck.
Dean rested one hand on Castiel’s chest, feeling it rise and fall for a moment before he slid his hand slowly down to rest on his abdomen, caressing Castiel’s abs. Right there, before Dean’s face, Castiel’s cock stood impatiently, thick and proud. Nestled in a curly patch of dark hair, it jutted out just an inch or two above his stomach, hovering. As Dean licked his lips, it twitched, like Castiel was beckoning him.
But he knows now where that anger comes from. Castiel blew the door right open and here he is, sitting with his pants around his ankles, caught. Exposed. He can’t even doubt that Castiel was right.
Registering too late that Dean had his hand out for Castiel to shake, Castiel raised his hand only when Dean was already withdrawing his. Embarrassed, Castiel brought his fingers to wrap around his crushed punch cup instead, along with his other hand.
Hannah seemed to relax a little. “Your file says that you prefer to read lips and have someone type out the lecture for you. Will that still work?”
“How’d you get so good at beer pong?” Dean asked, angling himself toward Castiel so that he could sign more clearly.
magical.”
“Pepsi,” Dean ordered, already raising his hand to scan on the provided pad, to authorize his transaction.
Coming up next time:
Dean’s eyes roved up and down Castiel’s body, wondering if he really
“Yup,” said Dean, cheerfully popping the ‘p’. “Because once it's over, we can do other things for dates.”
Before the question was fully out of his mouth, Dean had an armful of Castiel. Gripping the ring firmly in his hand, he pulled him in close, laughing and grinning as Castiel communicated his agreement via a rough, choking noise and a series of tight, frantic nods.
A tremble began to shake its way through Castiel’s thighs, and Dean knew he was close to coming, to taking what his body desired. Dean shifted his hands on the armrests of the bench and brought one up to Castiel’s thigh, squeezing it for leverage; steadying himself further and holding himself even more solidly for Castiel’s pleasure.
“No, of course not,” Castiel said very quietly, talking to the back of Connie’s head. “I am…very fond of being able to call you Dean, and of being allowed to know you. But don’t you worry what people may think?”
In Dean’s peripheral vision, heads nodded and turned in agreement.
on the edge of the steering wheel, humming along to his favorite parts. Castiel, Dean noted quite fondly, similarly tapped his fingers on the door, resting his arm on the window. Dean had the windows rolled down, letting in the early summer breeze, and all-in-all it was a pleasant, perfect drive. If Dean kept sneaking looks at Castiel’s profile in the soft morning sunlight, no one ever had to know.
Dean and Sam both looked over at Michael.
Dean nodded. “Yeah. Since Lisa I’ve only ever really had one night stands here and there, and that just didn’t seem like a good idea for the first time.”
A low, overwhelmed grunt fell from Dean’s lips, devolving into long, loud moans with each thrust.
Castiel squinted. “I don’t understand that reference, but if the inference is that I don’t quite fit in here, I’m afraid that you might be right.”
Here I am, back with chapter two already!
on this barge?”
“Fatback?” he called cautiously, before realizing how stupid that was. A pig would not paint his front door a beautiful bluebird hue.
Dean topped up his half-empty mug with the dregs from the coffee pot, emptying it before he lowered it into the sink. Even with an evening ahead that involved little more than relaxing around the cabin and napping on the beach, coffee was still his non-alcoholic drink of choice. Submerging the glass jug into the soapy water he’d prepared, Dean hummed a few lines of
He kept it up for long minutes, loving the feel of Castiel’s hot, pliant skin under his hands.
- Mal <3
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s eyes flicked down to the clipboard in his hand as he walked, checking the size of the tires. Off to his right, there was a sudden movement—but before he could turn and see what was going on, his feet began to slide.
When Castiel finally shivered and reached to draw Dean’s hand away, he brought their wet fingers to his mouth, cleaning away the sticky remains with sloppy lips and tongue.
“Alright,” Castiel said, low and angry. “Item one on the agenda; fix the damn door. Then investigate pig-proof fencing.”
Castiel gave him a questioning look, and Dean snapped his eyes down to his own burger.
Already flushed around his neck and with sweat beginning to gather lightly around his hairline, even more heat seemed to flash through Castiel’s eyes at Dean’s words. He let out a pleased groan, and without any hesitation, pulled back and gripped Dean’s shoulder, hauling him to his feet. Dean barely had time to clench his muscles, but with a resounding
Castiel looked down at Dean, his chest heaving beneath his white dress shirt, his mouth open and parted. Dean bit his lip, smiling as he lined up the words in his mind, making sure he had them exactly right.
Dean watched, smiling, too.
“You may now exit the elevator,” MEG’s voice announced after a long moment, dripping with sarcasm. “You’d think between an engineer and a medic you could work that out.”
Welcome back, folks!
“Ah-ha, Novak! Now, here’s someone you should meet, Dean. This is Castiel Novak, Professor of Ancient History. You’ll find that your syllabus will intersect with Novak’s quite a—”
“Not that there’s any hurry,” he added softly, knowing his words would carry in the quiet air anyway.
In retrospect, Castiel wasn’t sure what came over him. But somehow the feeling in his chest made him lightheaded and silly, and he found himself grinning and darting his hand forward, dabbing the grout onto the end of Dean’s nose.
“Is that supposed to mean something to me, kid?” The merman flicked his hair back like a Pantene model. It really
Jo frowned at him. “What happened?”
Once upon a time, back when the ship was fully functional, the bar would have been staffed by a service droid, and Dean would have had to exchange credits for alcohol. The benefit to having the place to himself, he realized, was that the powered-down bot had nothing to say when he simply hopped over the bar and helped himself. He was half way through his first bottle of cheap, standard ship beer, when he realized that if he was stealing it anyway, he might as well steal the good shit.
Castiel wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do with that, so he let out a small hum. Moving out into the hallway, Castiel folded his arms awkwardly across his filthy, dust and pig-stained shirt. “Not to be rude, but what are you doing here?”
Everything was ready.
“You are a good man,” Castiel said quietly.
“Probably not,” Castiel confessed, “but I trust you to stick with me.”
Michael lifted his chin, inhaling briefly. “It’s the nag champa,” he said, as if Dean’s question required a serious answer. “Very earthy.”
“Whatever you want, Sir,” Dean said. He felt breathless, his lungs seeming stifled with hot air just from Castiel’s delicate touches. “Anything.”
“Ready to do this?” Sam asked.
“Here,” Dean said, releasing Castiel’s butt long enough to tilt his body forward over the mattress and reach toward the nightstand. With a shudder of cheap, ill-assembled wood, the drawer jolted open. Shoving his hand inside, Dean groped around until his fingers closed around the half-empty bottle of lubricant, some drugstore KY knockoff.
The room was simple, with old polished oak furnishings and comforts in reds and browns. Castiel liked his space cozy, it seemed—the bed had more pillows and blankets than even the finest room at Winchester Hall. The fireplace across from the bed was laid ready, and Castiel moved straight to it, pulling down the tinderbox from the mantle and crouching down to strike the flint and steel.
But, whether it made sense or not, that was what Dean tried to do.
“What I said before was wrong,” Castiel croaked weakly. “You’re not like the others.”
“Good morning,” he signed, once he’d tossed the damp tissues into the trash can beside the nightstand.
“Cas,” Dean said gently, unsure but forging forward nonetheless, “of course that’s what I would have you do. You’ve been doing a wonderful job here. I’d be a fool not to keep you on.”
“Not even a little bit.” The man crouched down, resting one hand on his knee as he reached under his car, grabbing one of Castiel’s poor, scratched CD cases from under his tire. “The Fugees?”
“Now?”
- Mal <3
Dean sighed. “Sure. We are definitely not telling Cas about this,” he said, doubling down.
“When we want to be,” Dean signed back.
He’d use it soon enough.
“Who needs one? We’ve got Ash.”
Of course, that just meant that Dean had to keep all his anger inside and sit with the raw hammering of it inside his ribcage, trying to ignore how it wanted to break his bones and burst out, careless of the detriment to himself.
The music changed, slowing, and they both slowed in time with it. Castiel brought an end to Dean’s torture as he pulled back, just enough to raise his hands between them.
- Mal <3
The day had been gray, but as Dean turned to look at Castiel, a bright shaft of moonlight peeked around the edge of the clouds and lit up the beach in silver. Castiel looked up, taking in the huge full moon that sat above the water, gleaming white.
Dean didn’t want to disturb him. So, driving in silence it was. Or as close to silence as the rattling, rumbling van would let them have.
They waited for a couple more minutes, and Dean practiced the new hand sign secretly with his back to the room, committing it to memory. He wouldn’t use it yet…it’d keep, he thought, his gaze resting on Castiel as he smiled at Sam on the other end of the room.
“Dunno,” Dean said, shrugging again. “He stomped out of here a few minutes ago, probably went to the library. Seems a bit touchy this morning.”
“Even if you find an amulet, it takes tremendous power to light one back up again. It won’t bind to his magic if it’s inert.”
engaged. As in, not anymore.”
Kinda made Dean grateful for a lot of things, actually.
Dean nodded down at his beer. “Yeah,” he agreed dully. “I was raised not to whine about stuff but, damn, it never seemed fair. And Ben, he was way too young to lose his mom.”
“OINK!” Fatback seemed excited, grumbling delightedly at Dean as if he was utterly elated to see him here so early in the morning.
noise from above.
“Close, sweetheart?” Dean asked, letting go of Castiel’s thigh to curl his arm up and around Castiel’s neck, caressing his cheek in a sweet counterpart to the sweat and friction of their bodies.
Sam frowned. “Is it real?”
Castiel looked at Dean blankly. Seriously, would a reference from before 2250 kill the guy?
“Thanks,” Dean muttered, popping off the lid of the drink. He took a gulp, more out of habit than anything, and cringed. “You want this?” he said, offering it to Castiel.
“Yes,” Castiel typed. “Why create an excessively complex solution when a simple one works, after all?”
Frowning at the screen, Castiel saw Balthazar’s name illuminated upon it. He canceled the call. Yes, they were trying to be friends—but he wasn’t going to interrupt his morning with Dean for Balthazar.
Nodding, Castiel let out a shaky breath and firmed his grip, burning fingers tightening at the top of Dean’s arm.
but he never hurt me. Honestly, he’d have ruined his manicure if he tried. I wasn’t worth that.”
“Yes—you’re so beautiful, Dean. So hot…” Castiel’s voice was rising in pitch, his breathing ragged.
“Nah,” Dean said, shaking his head. “I think it’s just allergies. I’m trying not to overreact.”
Suddenly, Castiel’s fist slammed on the table, his lip curling back, his voice a snarl. “If you say
Locating Amara wasn’t hard; she was in the first room they tried, right off the courtyard. Her long brown hair was tied up in a messy bun, she wore neon workout gear, and her feet were folded up onto her knees in a pretzel-like pose as she sat on the floor.
“It’s cute, really,” Amara continued, stepping closer to Dean. “Humans are so ambitious.You really are some of my brother’s most intriguing toys. But always repeating the same mistakes.”
“We’ll have to find out where they are by ourselves—I tried to ask MEG, but she…” Dean’s eyes flicked to the speaker, uncertain.
The fact that the merman couldn’t walk out of the brothel wasn’t something that Dean had really considered, but at least there was an obvious solution.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, a laugh bubbling in the back of his throat as he raised his head enough to watch Castiel carefully pour one of the shots into Dean’s exposed belly button.
“More,” Castiel rasped.
“Asshole,” Castiel muttered.
It had been really sweet of Cas to send him dinner. It was certainly far beyond the call of a mere colleague, though Dean hoped by now that they were at the very least becoming friends.
“Of course.” Castiel lowered himself down onto the bed, and knee-walked his way across to Dean on the other side. When he reached the edge, Castiel reached forward and tugged at the front of Dean’s shirt, pulling him in for another deep kiss before he said, “Let me know what you’re okay with, Dean. Have you done this before?”
Dean and Castiel exchanged a nervous look, heading down toward the larger room at the end of the corridor where the blueprints they’d seen on the holo-table had hinted that the stasis-eggs were to be found.
Thinking of the fun he was very much hoping to entice Castiel into afterward, Dean gave a slow smirk. “Something like that.”
found something to smoke in the lockers, maybe he’d be less of an ass.
Dean raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything. How the angel could be tired when he didn’t even sleep was an interesting question, but the little voice in the back of Dean’s head that said,
Castiel pulled back slowly, his eyes bright and hungry as they skimmed down Dean’s body. He held his lower lip, biting at it softly and pulling it between his pointy teeth, gentle but telling. “That’s pleasing to hear, but it’d certainly be a waste. I like the first part of your sentence better.”
None of the playrooms at Impact were large, but they came with an assortment of clean, well-maintained equipment, all with well-tested panic buttons, and a freshly made up, full-sized bed. When they’d arrived, Balthazar had given Castiel a quick tour, and he was pretty impressed with the set-up. It was by no means luxurious, but if Castiel was looking for chocolates on the pillows and lumpy towel swans, he’d have spent the night at the Hilton up the street.
Anna seemed to understand, smiling. “He adapted the garage for you?”
Sinusy, shivery, and feverish, Castiel dozed. When he woke, it was to a soft
“Technician,” Dean replied lowly.
Dean had still driven them to North Cove every couple of weeks, though. Then every week. Then they switched back and forth, spending a few days in each place. In the end, Dean gave up on the pretense. Castiel was
Immediately, his phone buzzed back in his hand.
For a moment, Dean saw that steel edge to Castiel’s gaze again, and he was briefly concerned that
“Dean!” he said, his lips forming the name familiarly as he placed the kitchenware down on the counter so that he could sign. “I didn’t think you’d be awake so soon.”
The flavored lube felt pleasantly cool against Dean’s palm in comparison to the heat of Castiel’s heavy, fat cock. Both hands gleaming wetly in the light from the window, Dean wrapped his fingers back around Castiel. Using two hands he worked slowly up the length of him, traveling up from the base in a twisting motion, each hand a different direction as he watched Castiel’s shoulders shudder and his jaw hang loose.
Dean stepped through the portal, and it closed behind him with a sizzling hiss. He never wanted to see Purgatory again, but Dean couldn’t help a small smile as he stood in the war room of the bunker, watching the tail ends of Michael’s tear knit back together.
“They said there’s gonna be at ~~ hour’s wait.”
Castiel nodded, and Dean was almost out of the door when the merman’s low rasp made him pause.
“The same question as before,” Dean said. His voice was a rumble—not as low as Castiel’s own, perhaps, but warm and rich and pleasing. In a different setting, that voice would send shivers up Castiel’s spine. It almost did here, too.
Ooh, warm. Dean was so warm. Cozy and…well, maybe a bit too warm?
“I found you a job, Cassie!”
Dean felt the warmth as Castiel filled the condom. He wished he could taste it.
Then Dean felt a hand on his shoulder, and he was flying again.
Dean snorted, shoving Castiel gently. “The answer is both and you know it.”
With very little shame, Dean realized that he’d rarely been more turned on in his life.
“Good luck!” Kaia called.
“Yes,” Castiel said, his eyes locked on Dean’s as Dean crouched down in front of him, his forearms on his knees. Castiel reached forward, tugging Dean into a brief, smiling kiss. “Very.”
“Cassie, darling! I called you three times!”
“It’s fine,” Dean said, flashing Castiel a warm smile as he folded himself into the driver’s seat. “Whatever it is man, don’t worry about it.”
Ms. Moseley raised a neatly penciled brow but said nothing. Instead she deferred to Castiel, who raised his fingers and paused for Dean’s attention before he spoke again.
Luckily, they had several gas cans already in the car.
And they both had all of his contact details and a full itinerary. Just in case. No matter how much he tried to let them handle their own mistakes these days, there was still that one night a couple of months back when Castiel had spent hours negotiating with and sweet talking a
“Don’t worry about it, Castiel. That’s what the janitor is for, and I don’t have time to stay.” She looked at him almost pityingly, her aggressively bleached blonde hair a stark contrast to the sleek black lines of the doorway. “We’ve decided to go with Crowley’s proposition. We authorized him to finalize the property purchases a few days ago.”
Dean let his shoulders slump, defeated. “Yeah, sure. That.”
Dean guided them around the corner, away from the huge, old fraternity buildings that lined the street. “Did you tell him?” he asked.
Screaming, howling, barking, roaring—a cacophony of monstrous sounds filled the air as the creatures behind the doors in the pink corridor sensed that something was
Castiel’s opinion of him mattered. A lot. A hell of a lot.
no two ways about it.) In the end, Mary had to—very politely—ask them to finish up and go, as they’d lost track of time talking about books they enjoyed and sharing the milkshakes they ordered with dessert.
A slow nod. “Your intentions were pure. I understand.”
Dean reached forward and around, hooking his chin over Castiel’s shoulder as he gave the angel a careful hug from behind. They’d hugged plenty of times, that wasn’t new, but usually Castiel was wearing
“Check that my agent is suitable? I assure you, we only hire the best.” Dean’s tone was formal and clipped, pushing just a little, keeping the sheriff flustered.
One of Bobby’s bushy eyebrows raised in amusement. “Sam can tell you like that guy all the way from Stanford,” Bobby pointed out. “Imagine what I’m suffering through with a front row seat.”
Castiel grinned across at Dean while the lights were still—somewhat—up. “Excited?” he asked.
“You got a lot done,” he said.
Castiel’s hands were instantly heavy at Dean’s hips, his fingers gripping tightly into his skin as they curved over his pelvis. Once he had Dean positioned where he wanted, Dean felt Castiel’s fingers curl around the base of the dildo in his ass, tugging at it roughly, moving it in small circles, teasing.
Castiel didn’t stop staring as Dean approached, not until he was close enough that Castiel could make out the beads of sweat traveling down his neck. Then he blinked and dragged his eyes away to innocently regard Dean’s work.
Grinning happily, Charlie finally tucked her phone away, eased off the brake, and pulled away from the curb.
“Oh, what living hell is this?” Dean croaked in horror. He grabbed desperately at his pillow, possibly so that he could use it to smother himself. “Cas, what the fuck are you
“Charlie. Still here. But—leaving. Dean…sock. Remember. Sock.”
“My family purchased my commission,” Castiel said suddenly.
“What?” Castiel asked him, tilting his head to the side quizzically.
” Dean snapped viciously, trying to rein in his temper but fraying at the edges. “You have no idea about my fucking life, or what it’s like to be me!”
When they’d picked up Eileen’s phone from the pavement and realized that she was gone, Sam had switched off, barreled straight into leading, organizing, protecting the people they have left.
“What are you still doing here?” he’d asked with a laugh, shaking his head. “Get outta here and take your fish boy home, jerk.”
he registered.
Dean didn’t move, staring at Hannah’s hands as if they’d try again at any moment and spell out something different.
“We’ve got seconds before she tries to boot,” Dean said fast, clenching his fist tight. “Have you seen the map since I got knocked out?”
Baby’s hood slammed down, making her frame shudder, as Bobby shut it sharply to get Dean’s attention. Dean scowled as he rolled down the window; being rough with his pristine ‘67 Impala was no way to get him to look in the right direction.
Bobby tapped Dean’s shoulder firmly, making sure to pull his attention up from the nuts he was tightening before he yelled to the whole crew, “Staff meeting in ten!”
With each week that passed, the death toll rose.
Castiel was keeping himself occupied, tapping away on his laptop, catching up on paperwork of his own. Beyond him, all of the other students in the class had their heads down, their arms shifting as they scribbled quickly through the answers. Some were nodding.
“Hey,” Dean said, flapping his right hand as best he could. He hit something with it—probably Castiel’s hip as he pulled back from checking Dean’s IV. He wiggled his fingers, reaching out toward Castiel as best he could with his wrists restrained.
“She’s a professional, Dean, she didn’t mind. Concerns about coupling are common in people with sexual trauma and rape survivors, she says, so I’m sure she’s spoken about it with many clients.”
“It’s probably kinda hard for him, y’know?” Sam pointed out, rolling his glass between his hands slowly. “After the way humans treated him, the things they did to him…probably never figured he’d fall in love with one.”
Castiel’s shoulders slumped a little further as the white box they rode slid smoothly on upwards away from the Nest.
“Michael.”
a dick, the worst you’ll get is a polite ‘Thanks, but no thanks.’”
Even so, with no other choice, Castiel lifted his suitcase across the gap and stepped down. He’d spent so long gawking at the station that the train was already beginning to shudder behind him as he slid his backpack from his shoulder, balancing it on top of his suitcase. He heard the train doors closing with a soft
Chuckling, Sam slapped Dean’s shoulder once more and turned, gesturing up the wide, shallow steps that led to the entrance of the house. “Come along, Dean. I’m sure you at least want to eat and rest a little before the party begins.”
Sam followed at a more leisurely pace, but with no less enthusiasm. He greeted Dean with a wide grin and a slap on the shoulder, his hand lingering and squeezing in deference to their long parting. “It’s good to finally have you home, Dean.”
Dean caught Castiel’s face between his hands, kissing into him deeply as he rocked his hips forward more deliberately, letting his already half-hard length drag up the inside curve of Castiel’s left hip bone. Satisfyingly, Castiel’s chest stuttered against Dean’s own and his lips fell slack.
“Well, not exactly. I was, uh, considering my options.”
He was also squinting hard at Castiel, not even bothering to greet the rest of them.
Dean looked down at his coffee mug for a long minute, but he knew Castiel would just wait him out. So, he looked back up and admitted, “Doesn’t feel that way.”
Castiel’s responding nod was small and jerky, a series of tiny nods building up fast. “Yes—yes, please. I’m fine, Dean. I want this, I promise. I want you.”
“So,” Sam said, carefully picking up the conversation again, “are we right in thinking that with Chuck locked away, his influence is…weaker? Like when, uh, you were…”
He settled himself on the other half of the bed to Dean, then reached out, touching Dean’s shoulder lightly.
With a huge, arcing splash of water, a douchebag on a bicycle swerved swiftly around Dean and straight through a puddle the size of Lake Michigan.
“Everyone?” Dean asked cheekily, flicking his eyes up to catch Castiel’s expression as he brought his cup to his mouth for a sip.
Castiel stayed silent, bracing himself for the arguments and complaints about how silly and hippyish such a project was in the first place.
“Rather, I must. I have—I have work to do, rents to collect from the village. Good day, my Lord.” Castiel inclined his head and strode toward the door, only pausing to grab his hat from the stand beside it.
Meg growled.
Castiel shook his head immediately, laughing out a small huff of air that pushed his lips into a bigger smile as he swiped at his cheeks. “No,” he said, “not sad at all.”
And Castiel thought that
Silence reigned for long minutes. No one turned up to greet him, and neither MEG or the not-MEG overriding her spoke again. Dean stood, slowly absorbing a whole host of information that told him absolutely nothing at all. There was something wrong with the ship. Something was also up with MEG, clearly. He had no idea where to begin fixing any part of the ship beyond his
“How did you get here?” he asked quietly.
Castiel closed the door carefully and stepped inside the wide hallway beyond. It was slightly less dusty than before. Dean must have had to clear a little of it to work and not get dust in the paint, Castiel realized, as there was a shiny, clean patch of floor just on the inside of the door. It was a nice floor, when it was clean. Bringing his eyes up from the dustless swatch of hardwood, Castiel realized that on the house side of the door, there was a knee-level imprint of a pig snout in the paint.
, for a dose of canon fun. I also have a whole fic coming up later this week as part of DeanCas Pinefest! It's a gritty, monster-hunting case fic with lots of pining and romance, set in the regency era. I wrote it with
“Ready for me, Cas?” Dean asked breathlessly, his vivid green eyes so wide and reflective that they looked to have golden flecks in the yellowy lamplight.
For the first time since Dean had awoken, Castiel gave him a small, shaky smile, and the atmosphere lightened.
“Yes. I’m quite easy to spot, it seems,” Castiel said on a sigh, dropping the tap on top of the counter, amidst the weekly town newspapers and copious fliers and business cards for local services.
for other social media.
“But I’ll tell you why you’re awake.”
Castiel swung the canvas bag from his shoulder, pulling it up onto the counter and opening the satchel-style flap to dig a plain leather wallet out from within. As the flap closed, a bright glint of light caught Dean’s eye.
They chuckled, and sipped, and then Castiel nudged Dean’s boot beneath the table, entwining their feet closely.
Dean’s breath was ragged. “Yes, Sir. D-do you want me to tell you anything else?”
It felt like a line, but…well, shit. Maybe it was.
Pulling his towel around himself as he watched Castiel at the edge of the ocean, his tail flicking up sprays of sparkling plankton as he rolled through the waves, Dean waited for Sam to pick up.
P.S. On September 18th, I'm revealing a secret project that I've been working on with my friend EllenOfOz.
Castiel blinked harshly. “Simply because you declined a potential marriage, on mutual terms?”
She flounced away merrily, and Dean let his face slowly fall once more, let the hurt seep back through his body.
And they
Castiel didn’t immediately pull out onto the road, though. He paused, turning so that he could reach into the back seat. When he came back to face Dean, he was holding a bouquet of flowers, and leaned across to press his lips to Dean’s cheek as he deposited them in his lap. “For you,” he said softly. “I figured we should start this off right.”
Giddy, Dean pressed his lips to Castiel’s jaw, his cheek, his temple.
“Your brother is a good teacher.”
Dean arched his back, preparing to roll over, but as Castiel’s lips moved from his cheek to his neck and on down his shoulder, all he could manage was to melt down into the pillow instead. He felt Castiel’s hand at his chest lift once more and flicked his eyes down to take in the careful letters that he formed.
“Very well, sir.”
“Right. So,” Sam spoke up, before clearing his throat forcefully. “What’s with the long face and the lateness? You figured out you love the guy—I don’t believe for a minute that he doesn’t feel the same. I have eyes.”
Dean had asked at the desk and paid close attention to the librarian’s directions, but even so, he wasn’t sure he was quite where he needed to be. He was near a display of interesting-looking sci-fi novels, though, and he stopped to check out the selection after seeing a familiar edition of
Castiel had dressed up, too. He was wearing a pair of beautiful black suit pants, a white shirt with the sleeves pushed up to expose his tanned forearms, and a red tie that seemed to make his blue eyes pop in some vague color-theory way that Dean didn’t quite comprehend. His hair was tousled and free, five o’clock shadow firmly in place, and he had a matching suit jacket thrown back over his shoulder, held by one finger as he casually leaned his opposite hip on Baby.
the smoking hole through his heart not healing.
Another nod, smaller.
Castiel’s pelvis rolled in agreement, and Dean teased his touch a fraction further past the elastic. He edged down inch by inch, stroking his fingers across Castiel’s soft skin, trailing his nails gently over the tight muscle of his ass and the sharp, ruinous rise of his hipbone.
One hand on the wheel, Dean craned his neck to peer into the back. Sam sat on the edge of the bench seat, covered in glass shards and gray, crumbling dust. The mermaid remains were next to him—and half under him.
“Next time,” Naomi said, her voice flat and dull.
, y'all. I apologize.
“Don’t ask stupid questions.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. You're also welcome to follow me on
Castiel’s sudden smile was gummy and wide, and the small laugh that burst out from him was unexpected, to Dean, but beautiful. Like something had finally released inside of him and let out a thought that he'd long held on the tip of his tongue, Castiel's words came out clearly, deep and strong and sure. “Dean…I love you,” he said, as simple as that. “I’ve loved you for years. You feel like home...like a molt companion always should.”
Castiel let out a sigh. “Fine. I’m hoping
“Gorgeous,” Dean murmured, biting on his bottom lip as he watched his hand move. “You’re so fucking hot, Cas.”
It was dumb to be nervous, Dean knew that. It was just a movie. He’d been to movie theatres a couple of times, but it was a baffling experience of indecipherable picture sequences in the dark when he couldn’t make out ninety percent of what the characters were saying. He hadn’t even known that there
The Mark was already blooming on Castiel’s forearm. His surprisingly tan skin looked almost burned, the redness of the symbol against his skin somehow barbaric looking. That
“Shut up,” Castiel rasped, his voice throaty from arousal already. “I want this too.”
Dean’s knuckles start aching, alerting him to the fact he’s bruising half-moons into his palms. “I had years to say something, Sam.”
Was that what Dean was doing? Well, yeah, he guessed he was—in a strange, angel-y way. Usually he would never have had the balls to flirt openly with Castiel, simply because he wasn’t sure he’d ever recover from being bluntly rejected, but it seemed to be helping, so who was Dean to ruin a good thing?
“Oh, don’t bet on it,” Castiel said dejectedly as he slid from his stool. “But of course, I’ll help.”
“Castiel,” he said, noting the slim woman’s surprisingly firm grip. “You’re the owners of the café?”
Sam had put up with Dean’s help (and hovering) for a couple of days before he shooed him off on a quickie ghost case. From there, he told him, he might as well head up to North Cove for his scheduled weekend with Castiel. The fact that Sam thought he could find the place faster
“Do you need a ride somewhere?” the guy asked, watching as Castiel shoved the purple tube into the pocket next to its usual accomplice.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replied distractedly, sinking down into one of the two chairs at the dorm table. “What’s the plan for today?”
If spoon theory measured energy in terms of ‘spoons’, his sudden illness certainly had Castiel feeling like he was on the very last of his. In fact, he was pretty sure that what he had left weren’t even spoon-shaped. They were those flimsy, green coffee stirrers that got stuck in the holes on top of Starbucks hot cups to stop the coffee splashing out, which neither served their purpose as stirrer or stopper very well at all. Castiel took a brief moment to be very grateful that he was usually healthy enough to not have to deal with feeling like this every day, like some people did, as he dragged his favorite pajama bottoms from the lowest drawer of the dresser. They had a huge hole in the crotch, and they were covered in tiny Porgs. Castiel only kept them because Balthazar had hated them so much.
“Hey!” Dean protested, taken too much by surprise to pull back in time and ending up with a chalky streak down his bridge, leading to the white blob that perched tremulously on the tip.
Dean wrinkled his nose. “Figures.”
“Red zone?” Castiel asked.
After far too short a time, Castiel retreated. He carefully lowered Dean’s chest back to the bench before letting go of the harness, so that Dean wouldn’t smack back down onto it when he was released. Considerate.
“So…we need Chucks influence,” Sam said dully. “That’s what you’re saying. If he’s locked up, the world will survive, but the ratio of Light and Dark is going to be wrong and Earth will be overrun with monsters.”
“Well,” Dean said slowly, looking at Cas pointedly, “I have a gorgeous merman touching me and talking about genitals. I’m not a clockwork boy, Cas—that’s gonna have an effect, y’know?”
So, as it has been so long, a quick reminder: this story is a ride. We're in for a lot of plot. It won't be short ,and it won't always be easy. Strap yourselves in. But, as always, that happy ending is waiting out there, somewhere beyond the horizon.
Dean opened his eyes again as he felt Castiel lean into his side. Lifting his arm to wrap around Castiel’s shoulders, Dean tugged him back in with a smile and a kiss. “No more swimming tonight?” he asked.
Baby was purring herself awake and Dean was digging through his shoebox of old cassette tapes by the time Castiel appeared next to her driver’s side door. Dean looked up as a shadow fell over him, smiling easily to see the angel.
“Is this okay?” Dean asked, his throat feeling sticky and husky, like he’d just woken from a long sleep. “You’ve never done this,” he added, trying to be clear about what he was asking, even if his body was dissolving into pyrotechnics beneath Castiel’s wandering hands.
Sam returned from his morning run not long after, sweaty, glowing, and hideously healthy-looking. Dean greeted him with a nod and a raised brow as Sam made his way to the kitchen, frowning down at his FitBit and doing some awful kind of health-math that Dean never wanted to understand.
“Cas?”
D'aww, there we go! I hope that a fluffy ending to this chapter redeems me for the cliffhanger!
“Small town,” Claire answered, leaning forward to rest her elbows on the table before she continued, quieter. “Though Dean and me…well, when I was a teenager, I ran away from home. I was having a bad time of things. I’d just realized I was gay and my family…they struggled with it at first."
Dean squirmed, his eyes dropping. “Well, I don’t feel that way.”
have a stick in my ass,” he complained.
as it hit the ground and popped slightly open, though Castiel couldn’t even remember letting go of it.
of the lore when we were researching the scales?” Sam scolded, running around to the driver’s side door.
Dean sighed. His new correspondent wasn’t wrong. With his father’s passing, Dean’s courtesy title of Viscount Winchester, already a burden, was now obsolete. Now he was Earl Winchester, and with the change came every responsibility that Dean had loitered on the continent avoiding.
“Can’t believe I’m being cockblocked by a pig,” Dean muttered as he headed out of the bedroom door, barefoot, Fatback lumbering along behind him in hopes of breakfast scraps.
Castiel’s eyes lifted back to Dean, and the corner of his mouth crept upward in a somewhat amused looking little smile.
Jesus. Dean clamped his teeth down on his lower lip, hard.
“Uh—” Dean cleared his throat sharply, “—thanks. That’s, uhm, I like it.”
It was only when the dark clouds overhead cracked and charged the air, fat raindrops beginning to fall, that Castiel realized he’d left his umbrella on the train.
Thank you so much for reading!
Sam threw Dean a shining example of bitchface number six as he reached down into the case. “It’s going to take me a while longer to get my head around ‘well-adjusted Dean.’”
“I’ve got you, Clarence. Don’t you worry about a thing. Just make sure your door is unlocked, and put on some fucking pants, it’s been three days.”
“So…” Sam said meaningfully, his finger tapping impatiently on his whiskey glass rim. “You do. Have a thing. For like…fins?”
“I don’t understand why you were reading it, though,” Dean said. “I mean, you’re an angel. You probably know all that stuff already, right?”
He was almost scared out of his skin by the knock on the front door. Or, technically, the knock on the frame around what was left of the front door.
Castiel nodded, twisting his face up to Dean’s to share his smile. “I am. This life, here with you...it makes me very happy. I never thought I’d have something like this, with someone. I sing of it every single day.”
The steps were wet and the further down them Dean went the more slippery they became. Each footfall was a battle for balance against a layer of green algae and the occasional lichen or small limpet. The tide rose high here, and the stairs clearly hadn’t been cared for in a long time, likely as long as the cabin itself had been abandoned. The smell of salt and seaweed grew stronger as they descended, and once they’d rounded the curve at the bottom—Dean’s back protesting loudly, by then—the sound of
“One, two…three.”
Connie snorted and pulled at her reins as Castiel turned to Dean, wide-eyed. “Not at all, I only meant—”
Castiel reluctantly drew back for a moment, the mattress bouncing as he twisted to discard his underwear, kicking them out of the way. When he rolled back against Dean again he felt ten times hotter, his chest burning against Dean’s back as he slid back into his spot.
Selfishly, Dean almost wished he would. He wished that Cole would do something obvious, so Bobby could just fire him on the spot. But that would leave Bobby without anyone, and as dickish as Cole was, Dean didn’t want extra stress for Bobby.
Dean’s shoulder blades hit the pile of pillows on the old twin bed with a dull
D'aww. Look at all that ✨communication!✨(And yes, smut too, haha!)
Castiel chuckled and they fell quiet, watching the movie open on their screens. They both worked their way through several beers, comfortable and entertained. Dean really had forgotten whodunnit in the movie.
Instead, Castiel just stuck his chin out obstinately, silent.
“Mister Sturgiss, is it?” The voice on the other end of the phone was male, deep, and skeptical.
Castiel could yell at the pig tomorrow.
Most evenings, Dean would carry Castiel to the Dean cave once dinner was done, and they’d watch movies together and talk some more. They’d gotten by with the damp towels for a couple of weeks until Dean had made his trip to Target for the kiddie pool—though he’d only called it
Dean had forwarded one of the pictures to Castiel with a brief explanation, and Castiel had sent a string of emojis and several gleeful gifs in response. Because of course he had.
Shifting his hat to sit in the crook of his other arm so that he had something to do beyond stare, Dean took a deep breath. It shouldn't surprise him, really, that Castiel in the flesh was just as beautiful as his soul was on paper.
. How to do that? Read scenes one and two, then skip through scene three. I will summarize the important points in the endnote for you, so that you won't miss out on anything. I hope that helps anyone who isn't sure about it!
“I’m pretty sure you have my phone, Dean. I put it in the pocket of your shirt last night when we were—”
“The nest is beautiful, actually. To me at least. Last night, resting here with you—” A small blush was building behind Castiel’s ears, though Dean chose to simply treasure it rather than mention it. “—that was the best, and safest, and most accepted that I have felt in a very long time.”
Dean could feel the squint against the side of his face. He looked up, and he was right; Castiel’s puzzlement was obvious, his brow lightly furrowed in confusion over the simple fact that Dean planned to just…
so good...so good for me.”
a try!
Dean shushes him with one finger. It’s light as a feather as he rests it on Castiel’s bottom lip, but Castiel hushes instantly, his eyes widening an impossible fraction more.
Castiel’s hand sped up, squeezed tighter, twisted in the space Dean’s raised hips were creating between his stomach and the bench. He tore Dean’s orgasm from him like his hand was a weapon, destroying any semblance of control Dean had over his own body.
“Cool,” Dean said, hazarding giving Castiel a quick slap on the shoulder. “Great job, buddy.”
His exit would have been a lot more dramatic if there hadn’t been a stopper on the door, slowing it and preventing it from slamming, but the way Adler flounced out without a care still felt like a slap to Dean’s rapidly reddening face.
Chuck’s mouth was moving in a snappy retort, echoing Dean’s own words back at him. Dean barely heard, though. His attention was taken by Castiel taking his chance, rolling the sphere across the patterned flooring, curving it straight across the faux-opulent golden design that wove through the carpet and into Sam’s waiting hand.
It was love, all along—Dean
He’d thought that maybe Castiel would have texted him when he got home, but he hadn’t. It didn’t matter though, as they’d be seeing each other first thing today, anyway. In theory.
But it was, apparently, true.
Dean cracks a little, hearing it out loud, but manages to swing his feet over the edge of the bed as he puffs out a long sigh. “Yeah.”
“Before I moved here, I was a passenger in my own life. I was stuck in this horrible rut that I didn’t even know I’d been in, and I didn’t even realize that I was too scared to do something different than what everyone expected of me until I ended up here.” Castiel gave Claire a wry smile as he realized how true his words felt at as he spoke them. “I have to prove to all of those people—and to myself—that I can do this, Claire.”
Castiel shrugged, tucking his prize back into his pocket. “I only share my stash with
There was the tiniest pink tinge to Adam’s cheeks. “Shut up. Stay in here while we go get Sam and Cas. Don’t engage Amara on your own.”
like they were.
The sounds of the door at the top of the steps flying open, of a plastic gas can bouncing, and of his brother’s voice bellowing down the stairs bounced through Dean’s aching head and forced him to focus.
“Alright. Put an English muffin in the toaster for me? I’m gonna grab a quick shower and come back to eat.”
“Go ahead then,” Dean said, pointing to the next gap. “Fill ‘im up.”
“Anything?” Castiel asked, and Dean could picture his tiny, smirking smile, pulling back just enough to reveal a small slither of perfectly white teeth. “Well, isn’t that an invitation.”
Sam reappeared, barefoot and bare-chested with a towel turban atop his head. “Who was that?” he asked in concern, jerking a thumb toward the staircase that led to the door.
“All three of us know this is because of me. Cole doesn’t care about Jo.”
I'm sure she'd appreciate it.
Sam was pissed that Dean was so late to meet him in Wyoming. By the time Dean rolled into the town of Cody, “Buffalo Bill Center of the West,” it was late afternoon, and he was desperately hungry. He hadn’t left North Cove until after the sun had set, waiting and hoping that Castiel might come back.
Castiel elbowed Dean, bringing his eyes up from the notes so that he could give him a smug little smile. “I doubt you’ll have any more issues with him,” he signed, “but if you do, I’m sure that his department head and the dean’s office will be very interested to hear about them, in addition to the complaint I’ll be filing on your behalf.”
Interpreting Castiel’s trailing off as a hopeful invitation, Dean nodded. “Me either, Cas. Movie night should be a regular thing.”
Walking into the rented space ahead of Castiel, the sub barely looked around the room—he seemed familiar with it, nicely relaxed, and only gazed about for a brief moment before heading to the table and chair set up off to the side. Castiel assumed that he’d scened here at Impact before; he’d find out for sure in a moment when they started talking. The confident air he gave off indicated that he wasn’t new like Castiel, at least. Well—new to Impact. Castiel was an old hand at the BDSM scene in general, but every place such as this liked to do things a little differently, had their own rules, their own preferences. And that was before you even got into all the different preferences that the members themselves could have.
“Dean, it would take such a lot of power to—”
“Very funny,” Castiel managed dryly. Any further retort fled his mind as he watched Dean come down the ladder—no careful step-by-step climb down, oh no, not for this guy.
“Not to mention,” Dean added more quietly, “I enjoy your company, very much. And with my family all gone to London, I could use a friend.”
Dean pulled the shaky truck up in front of the off-white, two-story cabin. Well, at one point it had probably
And Dean knew that, deep down, he realized. As soon as Castiel had even begun to explain, he’d been completely forgiven.
It took Dean a moment to track Gabriel’s train of thought, but once he got there, he laughed. “Dude, relax. I’m not cheating on your brother. I’m dating your brother, dumbass.”
Rolling his eyes in a motion that was fast becoming quite familiar to Dean, one that involved Castiel’s jaw, shoulders, and entire spine, Castiel reached his hands forward and plunged them into the blue-ish lines of the 3D blueprint before them.
Until he approached the counter and Dean realized the guy kinda looked like he’d slept under a bridge—an expensive suit, but no idea how to use an iron or a comb, apparently. He had a messenger bag slung over one shoulder and the slightly dazed expression that outsiders driving through Charming Acres sometimes wore—as if they weren’t quite sure whether they’d wandered into a living museum, or if the town was just this lame.
Slowly, Castiel drew a hand up to run through his hair, before slipping it down to loosen his tie. He suddenly felt like it was choking him. What the hell was he supposed to do now? All these years! All these years, he’d given everything to move on, move up, be better, prove his worth.
“Is it true that you can hear the ocean if you put them to your ear? Like, is it really just your pulse like people say it is, or is it some kinda sea magic?” Dean asked curiously.
“Castiel!” Claire greeted him, looking genuinely surprised to see him. “You survived the night!”
“I guess I was just living in denial because it was easier. I hated my job. I felt…trapped, and stifled, in every way that mattered. I’d been in the city for years, and the only people I knew were my one friend from college, a handful of colleagues, and my boyfriend. And, well, my boyfriend was…” Castiel trailed off, sighing.
Castiel’s eyes flicked to the provided spanking bench. He could certainly make that work.
“In theory,” Castiel responded, bringing his head up and turning it slightly to direct his voice back over his shoulder. In response to his movement, Dean moved his hands lower down the angel’s spine to the middle of his back, digging in his thumbs gently. “I’ve never molted on Earth before, or known anyone who has. I knew it was possible, but I was hoping to find some advice to make it easier.”
“If you don’t wanna wait, I can fix you up with another—”
Dean hissed sharply but couldn’t hate the sensation. He could feel Castiel’s massive load trickling out of him in a stream, pooling on the bed between his legs. Castiel looked fascinated by it, hungry, as if just the sight of Dean spilling his still-warm seed between them was enough to have him ready to go all over again. His smile was raw, almost animalistic—Dean was entirely convinced there was some kind of breeding instinct going on here.
Because the four people—beings, entities—that sat in the chairs were clearly long expired, and clearly not human.
Castiel laughed, surprising Dean by squeezing his hand back before he let it go to sign, “Believe me, I have it all figured out pretty well. I’ve done this with you so many times in my head that I keep getting ~~.”
A little housekeeping, first: this is fiction, and is in no way supposed to portray a real, healthy, sane, or consensual BDSM relationship. If you want to learn about BDSM, or sex in general, there are many better and safe resources than fanfic, so please do some research and seek those out rather than taking your lead from fiction.
- Mal <3
MEG nodded, sliding off her stool to stand in front of Dean. “I believe so. Self-diagnostics are promising. I—” A funny look passed over her face, but she forced her gaze up to meet Dean’s. “—should thank you. For what you did in the drive room.”
want to mess this up.
“You—” Dean bit down on his lip. What was the good, he figured, of arguing with the engineering A.I....? It was Xenon he needed. Oh, and an engineer that had a real degree, not one forged in the back of his friend Ash’s truck.
P.S. Want a great canon fic to sink your teeth into?
” Dean forced out between gritted teeth, beginning to make his way toward the debriefing door.
If you think any of those might be your kinda thing, please do
The plastic pinged back, ignoring the power of an angel of the lord, and doing its own thing.
But even so, Castiel turned from Amara, and crawled toward Dean.
“And does that...happen often?” Castiel asked carefully, his hands hesitating between words. He moistened his lips and flushed, adding clumsily, “Lots of...people? Chasing you?”
The priest in the temple desperately tried to persuade a young Luke Perry not to shoot his alien friends, and Dean
Castiel’s head rose, and Dean delighted in the relief and pleasure he could detect in his expression.
they were doing it.
Being in space for either work or pleasure had never been on his radar until the evacuation.
Claire and Kaia both stared at him, blinking slowly. Turning to the side, Claire reached out and grabbed a chunky jug of very dark, steaming drip coffee off a metal warming plate behind the counter. She placed it down on the counter between herself and Castiel with a
of course. But it was a safe bet until told otherwise.
“Brought you some coffee,” Dean said, smiling as he raised the second cup up a little.
as he flew downward, hard.
He wasn’t sure quite what had come over him, it must have been the illness, but Castiel found himself almost wanting to cry. Blinking hard, he lowered his weight onto the edge of the mattress. “Why are you being so nice to me?” he squeaked out suddenly before Dean disappeared.
He’d have to find a spot with forgiving floor to work on, he decided, somewhere in the farmhouse.
By the time he returned to his wobbly plastic chair and retrieved his paperwork and chained-up pen, Dean was feeling calmer and more resigned. There was no need to make this harder, he knew that.
Castiel ignored the cat, feeling
“That’s not the point,” Dean cajoled, coming to a halt where a low bridge crossed the pond that they were next to. Leading Castiel up over it, he knocked his elbow gently into the side of the black suit jacket Castiel had worn, forgoing his trench coat. “You’re not shy, so what’s up?”
“I did it because I couldn’t stand aside and let that happen again, Dean,” Cas said dully, his voice far too quiet. “You survived this once, but who knows if you’d have been able to a second time? You don’t deserve this burden.”
Replacing his quill in the ink, Dean pushed away the paper, leaving the letter unwritten.
Castiel purred in approval. “You’re doing very well today.”
Castiel felt trapped between Kaia’s warning and Claire’s hopeful eyes, so he smiled thinly and picked up a cookie. “Sure,” he said, trying to sound more positive about it than he now felt. It wouldn’t do to offend the locals on his first day.
Michael landed with an awkward stumble, knocking over one of the map table chairs. The strange
Sam made an exasperated noise before he abandoned them to step into the living room and sprawl over half of Dean’s faded, floral couch. Resting his plate on his knees, he called back, “Dean, you need a coffee table.”
“Stop it, God—please, Sam, I fucking can’t. Cas thought... He thought so damn much of me, and I don’t deserve any of it.”
“Yes, Dean—and I’ll take care, too.”
“Really,” Dean confirmed, glowering.
The pavement was long gone, and nature had taken back whatever parts of the road it pleased. The air was fresh, birds sang, and blooming flowers decorated the edges of fields that looked to have once been farmed, but were now a long-forgotten patchwork of mud, grass, and weeds.
Dean swallowed harshly, his feet shuffling to a stop as he reached the doorway to the library. It was empty.
Also, Liz has art for you again!
“You would.”
Castiel didn’t look embarrassed, shrugging instead. “I wasn’t at all convinced that reality was going to happen, so fantasy seemed to be the next best option,” he explained before reaching for some food of his own.
. You're also welcome to follow me on
“Not unless I’m being chased.”
, and Dean was suddenly very aware of all the solid muscle sitting between his legs and pressed up against his chest. Castiel didn’t seem to mind, though; he let out another small, quiet sigh and softened, leaning back slightly into Dean.
Feeling a sudden pang of loss for something he hadn’t even expected, Dean let out a quiet sigh.
As if Dean had any control of people’s spending habits when their customers were under Shelter-In-Place orders just like he was. “Of course,” Dean said, feeling his thin smile flatten even further.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean reminded himself—out of the museum without triggering the alarms. Luckily, Sam was a delicate and sneaky giant when precision work was required, an odd contrast to how he occasionally stumbled over his own bulk and constantly banged his head the rest of the time. Had to be something to do with the moose blood, Dean thought.
Thank you all for reading, and for all of the kind wishes you've sent my way. 2021 has been a nightmare so far, a parade of disasters and hospitals and bad, life-changing news. But your messages, comments, DMs etc have put smiles on my face at points where I didn't think it was possible. So, once again, thank you for being awesome. You're the best, every one of you.
In the driver’s seat, Sam snorted. “I guess that’s true, you did look pretty serene…”
Even with the shove Castiel gave to Dean’s foot, it took a moment for Dean to register that Castiel was speaking to him. “Hmm?”
“Thank you…?” Dean said uncertainly.
“Kinda?”
“Everything okay?” Castiel asked. “Sam said to tell you he’s heading back to your apartment to try and take a nap. He was more tired than he thought.”
Taking a step away from the door, Castiel heaved in a breath. He had savings, he told himself. He did. Alright, they wouldn’t last long in San Francisco…but he was better off than most of these people were. Looking around, all he could see were shocked, scared faces.
“Sounds like you know a little bit about that, too,” Dean observed, giving Castiel a small smile.
Nodding, Dean moved off down the row of stasis eggs, heading for the spot where the plain white door they’d come for could be seen. Castiel fell into step beside him, and they metaphorically rolled up their sleeves, ready to dig in.
So, he would free the monsters and burn their prison to the ground.
Dean laughed and reached for one of Castiel’s hands, tugging it close to his chest before he said, “Well, you’re welcome, then. I’m just sad that it’s late and I have to get up for class tomorrow, or we could hang out some more.”
“Maybe you could…” Dean moistened his lips, grinning hopefully. “Charlie’s gone for the weekend, so maybe you could come over tomorrow night? If you’re free, I mean. We could watch a movie.”
a date, but Dean was definitely hoping that Castiel might get the hint and interpret it that way.
The legs of the map table in the war room
Dean considered calling for him—or singing for him, as the case may be—but decided to get the first part of the ritual over with first. He needed the waning moon, so he should get it done while it was still in the sky. Then he could argue with Castiel.
“And here I thought you couldn’t get any more perfect.”
! Also NSFW, so keep that in mind if you're reading in public folks.
Castiel’s eyes came up from the water to land on Dean, the blue of them perfectly reflecting the sea around them. “No,” he said quickly. “I was afraid and embarrassed, but it wasn’t your fault.”
funniest thing to happen to me in years
And Castiel being an angel...well, that was part of the point, wasn’t it. He could handle it—better than Dean had. Those had been the unspoken words that had filled the air at the bunker as they’d completed the spell Michael had given them. Castiel might have said,
“I know,” Dean repeated. “Don’t think I’m giving you this not knowing what I’m doing, Cas. I’ve done the research, found the amulet, rubbed myself with the damn condiments. I’m not going into this without knowing what it means.”
, and
packing.
“I—” Dean didn’t know what to say, so he gave up as soon as he started.
“You wanna repeat that for Cas real quick, Sammy?”
“No, I believe you.”
Carefully, Castiel wiped the dust away from Dean’s eyes so that he could open them, his spare hand curled around the side of Dean’s face to keep it steady. The black soot transferred to Castiel’s fingers. Once Castiel was done swiping the cloth gently across Dean’s eyelids, he said, “There you go. Should be able to open them without getting dust in your eyes.”
“You’re sure?” Dean checked, taking in Castiel’s hunched posture in his thin shirt. He was sure that if it wasn’t for using his hands to talk, Cas would have been hugging himself. “It’s getting pretty cold.”
There was a clunk, and then a rattle, and then Dean gave an unmanly screech, withdrawing swiftly—but not swiftly enough.
It was good practice, Dean knew, to try and touch a sub who couldn’t see you—particularly one who you didn’t know well. It helped to ground them and reassure them that even out of sight, their Dom’s control was absolute.
They’d settled for a few seconds more, another square of chocolate making its way between Dean’s lips, before Castiel spoke up again.
“Kinda banking on him being too excited to ask a lot of questions, give me some time to work out how best to explain.”
Hey, I’m leaving. Heading out with Cas, so I’ll get an uber back to your place.
Castiel’s shifting was growing more frequent, his body twitching beneath the cloth—Dean wasn’t sure if he was waking up, or if the rough washcloth was just causing him discomfort. Either way, he grimaced in apology each time, and continued.
Dean hadn’t come here to have anything to do with
Sweating and golden in the angled sun that beat down from the cloudless sky, Dean’s back muscles worked impressively as he used a shovel to lift cut pieces of sod from the grass into a waiting wheelbarrow several feet away. Castiel stared as he flexed—strong and taught around the shoulders and biceps, but just the slightest, delicious bit softer around the middle—and dug the shovel down into the ground, rolling his back before heading to collect the wheelbarrow.
, Castiel internally begged. Maybe this guy would turn out to be the kind of country guy who kept a shotgun in his backseat, and he could just put Castiel out of his misery right there and then.
Nope, nope—Dean was not that guy. He was not about to get all emotional about this and cry in a freaking movie theater.
“You should ride out with me when the new month begins,” Castiel said rather abruptly, his blush just slightly greater if Dean’s eyes were to be trusted. He cleared his throat and turned his eyes back to the book on the leather top of the desk. “All the rents have already been collected for now, but when they become due again, we should collect them together. Most of your tenants haven’t seen you for many years. I’m sure they’d like to.”
, fuck you feel so good, shit—” Dean panted out a crude cussing litany in the name of Castiel’s cock, his deep voice rising in pitch, punched up another note by Castiel every time their skin slapped together. “Don’t stop moving, Cas, fuck—don’t stop, please. Shit—”
Dean didn’t seem to have any objections, caging Castiel with his arms as he tumbled forward onto the bed. He held himself up on one elbow, slowly dragging his hand down Castiel’s bare side as he took him in. Dean’s hand was incredibly warm, but Castiel’s skin chased the touch with shivers, even so.
“Fine,” Dean said. “You try.”
“Not at all,” Cas reassured him. “We’re in strange times, we have to make do. And anyway, I like the music...if not the singing.”
Castiel looked down at the taps dejectedly as they clanged and bounced and rolled around his feet. He sighed. Of course.
Dean waited until he was done eating—if Castiel thought he could out-wait or out-stubborn a Winchester, he had another think coming.
Dean didn’t shush him, because he was all for Castiel letting out whatever he needed to, but he did tighten his arms and rock back and forth, wordlessly trying to soothe him as best he could.
Dean pushed up off the back of the couch, swinging his legs over Castiel so that he could stand. He curled his fingers under the hem of the old shirt he’d thrown on when they came inside and peeled it back off with both hands. Tossing it aside, Dean felt a strange rush of nerves. It was ridiculous—Castiel had seen him shirtless many, many times. But he hadn’t had the implied permission to devour Dean with his gaze quite as openly as he was now.
, I have a business reputation to maintain—but maybe let’s chill on the baby shower planning and get the floor swept? I won’t be happy if I’m late for our first date.”
Even with more than one method of communication at his disposal these days, Dean didn’t have a God-damned clue what to say.
He shook his head sadly. “My presence in Heaven would help, I’m sure. But in the grand scheme of things, I, alone, am not enough to fix the issue. There are not enough angels, and Heaven will fall.”
Oh, yes, the Mark of Cain was gone. It had been gone for several years.
“Here?” Castiel said, tapping Dean’s left bicep gently.
Sam and Dean both braced their hands under the incredibly light, papery remains of the long-ago mermaid, and lifted her horizontally from her glass prison.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Castiel said after another sip of coffee. His hair was sticking up in three places, and he wore a frown. “I could have gotten lunch. You know you don’t owe me anything for these lessons, or in general.”
It chilled him to the bone.
She nodded. “You would. It will also free up your Friday afternoons, so you’ll be able to socialize more. I’m sure that’s good news.”
Castiel took him slowly, inch by inch, humming around the length of him until Dean could feel the tip of himself brushing the soft palate of Castiel’s throat. He made the filthiest noises that Dean had ever heard, sucking and gurgling in pleasure without ever choking, a feat that had Dean’s eyes wide and his thighs trembling.
Okay, please remember to look at the happy ending tag before you throw things at me, LOL. Downgrade from throwing sharp things to something a little softer, maybe? I'd appreciate it, I bruise easily.
Castiel, though, merely nodded slowly. “It has been said about me, yes. Never quite know when people want the truth and when they want me to lie. People lie too much, I’m not good at it.”
“Cas!” Dean dived forward as Castiel toppled backward, teetering on the edge of a large, jagged hole in the porch floor, a dark maw lined with broken wood teeth. Castiel was about to tumble into the throat, and his only possible landing would have been atop decades of trash and broken glass and nail-lined wood that stuffed the underside of the porch—but Dean had his arm, and sharply yanked him forward.
Dean flicked his eyes out to the parking lot, trying to spot Castiel. But, seeing nothing, he turned his attention reluctantly back to Sam and Michael.
“I’ve told you before that I am too old to be—”
“I can’t—you’re speaking too fast and I—I can’t—I can’t read your lips when you do that.”
“Beautiful,” he said, his eyes resting on Castiel.
Given how close they’d been dancing, Dean didn’t think twice about slinging an arm ‘round Castiel’s shoulders as they weaved their way through the crowd, heading toward a side door that led to a large patio space. They laughed at nothing, smiling and sharing looks as they shuffled past people far more drunk than they were. Their gazes lingered in a way that kept Dean’s heart banging loudly within his ribs, still at a dancing tempo even though the vibration of the music was gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
I actually asked Sam to do the biology research.”
All of Dean’s hours with Mia failed him, and he stood tongue-tied in the tide.
Staring. Not the same as communicating his thoughts, Dean realized.
“The fuck?” he grumbled, rubbing at his back as he stood up and shook it off. Realizing he’d dropped his book, he reached down to grab the copy of
Suspicious, Dean narrowed his eyes before he nodded. “Good. It’s the twenty-third century, people can like what they like; man, woman, non-binary, any tech level they want.”
Instead, everything is blue.
Fitting the makeshift pool into the back of the truck had been easy with Sam’s help. As soon as they were done, Dean had carried Castiel to the bunker’s garage to get his approval. He’d
On Dean’s shoulder, still, Sam’s hand loosens with a shake, before coming back tighter.
were much worse than the ones he still saw, as haunted as they were. Some of his men—some of his friends—would never be the same again.
Michael’s brow crinkles, and he turns to Sam instead, as if he’s searching for
,” Michael intoned solemnly, reciting, “
Alright, he’d probably have laughed at himself if he could see the dopey smile on his face—feeling his cheeks pull with the width of it was bad enough—but who cared? He, Dean Winchester, fuck-up extraordinaire, had been on a date with Castiel Novak.
Dean let out an angry huff of air, snatching his keys and phone from Castiel’s single nightstand. “You kept saying all summer ‘when you sold the inn’, ‘when you get back to your real life’…fuck, I’m such an idiot. You’ve probably been planning to go back to him all along. I’m just...what, the help? Your contractor, right?”
Castiel’s eyes met his. The sheer bewilderment in them didn’t manage to entirely cover his smile and the pleased way his eyes crinkled at the corners. “Thank you, Dean,” he said awkwardly, “but they’re very damaged, you know. Flawed. Even the individual feathers are…scarred, for the most part.”
So, Dean took one last look around at the timeless, sepia forest where he’d first come to terms with his love for his angel, long ago. This time, this portal, this second chance...he wasn’t going to squander this one. They’d save the world, save it from God himself. And then Dean was going to open his damn mouth and say that prayer.
“You’re cute when you’re grumpy,” Dean said. Immediately, he realized what he’d said and felt his own face heat. Shit.
“Got it!”
Michael’s smile is knowing. “Of course you will.”
as the neck touched the edge of Meg’s glass.
“Too busy daydreaming about your not-date this weekend?” Jo asked with a smirk.
Perhaps it was simply that she was not Castiel.
“And I suppose just shouting for one of us to open the door would have been too much for you, huh?”
“Go ahead,” Dean said, trailing his own hand down his stomach. “If you want to… Touch yourself.”
“No,” Dean said firmly, fixing his eyes on his brother. “You—you can’t. Not
Dean was glad. At least that meant Sammy was safe.
“Actually,” Castiel replied with an awkward grimace, “I would have, but I couldn’t. So, I thought the best option was to immediately see you in person. I know I made a mistake, but I wanted to fix it.”
“It’s just one little quiz, Dean,” he said, slowly and carefully, his hands busy; he rubbed a tiny, confused circle into the middle of Dean’s back, and his fingers stayed on Dean’s jaw for a moment longer.
His heart thumping in his chest, Castiel rolled onto his side and into Dean’s waiting arms as he said, “Summer isn’t over yet.”
Leaning into the doorway above Dean’s shoulder, Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and sighed. “I really
Biting back the goofy smile that threatened to take over his face, Dean cleared his throat. “Just come with me, okay?”
Petting Meg’s ears, Castiel jerked his head to the side. “Give me just a moment, I’ll pop her back in her cage. It’s not safe for her to roam around unsupervised.”
Michael looked at Dean for a moment longer before he turned back to Castiel, addressing his response to the angel, instead. “The two of you can argue over Castiel’s intentions between yourselves. But no matter his reasons, the result is, unfortunately, an unmitigated disaster.”
He just had to figure out how he was going to fix it without any way of
Dean spun to see Castiel gently zooming in on the Nest within the ship image, holding his wrists at right-angles and using his palms to carefully coax the image outward, like an overly-cautious mime.
“Damn it, Sammy! You squashed Ariel.”
When the sound of a ringing phone reached him, Dean was still scrubbing the bottom of the pot to remove the black tar from having left it sitting on the warmer all day.
Apparently done with the section of his new book outline that he’d been working on that morning, Castiel turned, untucking his legs from beneath the desk. His eyes were dark but unerringly calm as he pushed up from his chair and took the few steps over to where Dean waited, unclothed, his hands held behind his back, the heft of the dildo splitting his cheeks.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Castiel snapped, mortified. “Give me that!”
When Dean made to pull back, the bitter tang of fresh beer somehow tasting different from someone else’s mouth, Castiel brought his hand to Dean’s neck and waylaid him into another kiss. The second kiss was somehow both deeper and softer, and Dean loved the way their clinging lips didn’t quite seem to want to part, still sticking gently even as their eyes fluttered back open and their breaths fell softly between them.
Dean raised the huge popcorn tub he’d obtained for them to share and nodded.
,” the voice interrupted his awe.
Thank you so much for reading, all of you. You are greatly appreciated :)
Castiel squinted curiously at it, approaching slowly.
“Well, what about the city? San Francisco? You loved that, right? You miss it.”
as they passed. Despite his big, bad hunter status, Dean jumped to the side instinctively, recoiling from the noise and unexpected motion.
The small movements felt like a lot of effort, and he ended up laying on the bar on his stomach, glass in hand, half-listening as Castiel went off on some long-winded rant about bees on Ganymede. His voice was nice to listen to, a soothing, low rumble even with a bit of a slur to it. Dean let his eyes fall closed, enjoying it.
Castiel’s nod was calm and understanding. “Not everybody, no. Some people don’t use it at all. They never had the opportunity to learn, or they choose not to use it for a variety of reasons.”
Dragging his lips up the length of Castiel before releasing him, Dean rested the slick head of Cas’ cock against the corner of his mouth as he asked, “Gonna come for me, Cas?”
This underlying dynamic that a person just couldn’t always spot, out there in the wild. If Castiel wanted a relationship that met his needs in this way, as well as day-to-day…picking up cocky local diner employees wasn’t the way to go.
The group bustled into Castiel’s kitchen, setting things down, sweeping Castiel along with them.
Seconds later, Dean’s mouth went dry.
The machine was silent for a moment, then whirred almost disapprovingly before roughly dispensing a bottle of Dr. Pepper.
“My life was almost entirely bad decisions,” Castiel said, sounding much more thoughtful than Dean expected. “At least that way I wasn’t alone with them.”
“Dean Winchester,” the newcomer said, extending a hand towards Castiel with a little chuckle, as if Castiel had done something amusing. He was staring at Castiel very intently, his expression
“I do not have that information, Winchester.”
Castiel tilted his head as Dean pulled out onto the quiet road that led down to the bunker. “But you do want to ‘hang out’ with me today?”
The door popped open. It was too heavy to swing far, but the latch had been popped out of place and the way was clear, despite the actual mechanism still being locked.
“Asking me to go to the party with you…and asking for this, too, after my babbling mess earlier.”
and—”
That was true. Dean had enjoyed working with Cas so much that most days they worked a little over their intended time, and they were making great progress.
special showings for d/Deaf people, until he’d met Castiel.
The low spotlights in the restaurant caught Castiel’s eyes as they entered, causing glittering reflections like the whites of cresting waves in the dark, oceanic blue of his irises. Dean found himself staring while Castiel responded, laughing. “I was being an idiot. I am very proud to have the privilege of taking you on a date,
“If you like that kind of book and you like Star Wars too, then—” Charlie was off again at full speed and Dean could feel tension prickling in the back of his neck.
I'm back with the first of the regularly scheduled updates for this fic - that feels pretty good to say!
Oh, wait. There went one.
, Castiel going down with her, pinning her arms to her sides so that the small blade—Scalpel? Was that a fucking scalpel?—she’d been waving at Dean could do no more harm.
Instead, Castiel crossed his rustling, papery arms and dropped his gaze. He looked uncomfortable, and Dean could sense, just knew, that it’d be a dick move to push.
“It can?”
They seemed to magically crumple within an hour of Cas putting them on, but Dean had seen the neat, crisp lines the iron left behind during his early classes. He wasn’t even embarrassed that paid enough attention to Castiel’s attire to know that.
It was a strange, new feeling for Dean to be proud of himself. Not that he was on a constant self-hatred bender or anything, but he just wasn’t that important. He spent as much time as he could focusing on and doing things for
At least until a tall, slim, brunette woman entered the room. She looked around briefly, but quickly settled on Dean and headed straight for him, lowering herself into the empty spot with a perfunctory smile.
“I hope you don’t plan to keep Dean to yourself all night,” Lisa from HR purred, giving Castiel a friendly little wink. Her hand, though, went straight to Dean’s forearm as she let out a breathy little laugh.
Dean widened the arcs of his hands, soothing it back out again. “I’m sorry, Cas. I shouldn’t have been snooping around. You were just—I was wondering what was up with you. I was worried. When I worked it out, I just wanted to learn how to help.”
“It’s good to know that you talk about my brother as much as he talks about you,” Anna signed. Her smirk was very like her brother’s.
“Bellbird Valley Farm, Kansas,” Crowley began, his voice picking up hope. “The building itself needs a little work, I’ll give you that, but it’s sixteen acres of countryside with all the green stuff your weird little heart can take. It's peaceful, far, far, away from the city, and it could be all yours.”
Castiel gulped, willing his cheeks to stop getting hotter and hotter.
I hope you all had a good week, or the best week you could have. I loved reading all of your "good things" in response to my last chapter! It was really uplifting and I'm so happy for you all.
“Sure. New Frozen,” he agreed grumpily.
They kissed, soft and sweet in contrast to the way their bodies were still mostly hard, and breathed together on the bed for a long moment.
Hello, folks!
“I do wish you wouldn’t call me that,” Dean said gently, nudging Baby into a walk out along the path.
- Mal <3
“Are you gonna bring Cas back here tonight?” Charlie asked. She had one hand on the steering wheel, though the car remained immobile as she turned her face to Dean, a wicked twinkle in her eye.
“You don’t
Progress.
“You good?” Dean whispered, registering the way Castiel’s muscles were vibrating like the final note on a string. He heard the pillows rustle with Castiel’s nod against the side of his face.
Let me know your thoughts!
“So, what’s this movie about?” Castiel asked around a crunch of popcorn.
It wasn’t very…welcoming.
“English?”
Dean watched as Castiel scrolled through a selection of different overlays, before choosing one called “O2 Level Mapping, Shipwide.”
“Why not?” Sam asked, sounding both curious and fearful. “Won’t being an angel make his resolve stronger, or something like that?”
“Ain’t no one else who will, sugar. It’s been a lonely mission.”
“So, you
A slight frown flickered across Castiel’s brow, but he nodded. Pulling his hand—somewhat reluctantly—back, he signed, “Yes. Last day of classes before finals, for you. I wouldn’t miss it.”
“No one’s picked this up yet, it was on the docket for tomorrow—but really, it should be you anyway.”
“Maybe you just need to accept where you are,” Balthazar was droning on, using the slightly bored tone that he got whenever they talked about anything that wasn’t him.
car,” Dean pointed out.
“What for?”
“MEOW,” Miggles declared, batting at Castiel’s knee in warning.
Dean eased down onto the floor, lowering himself onto the pillow that he’d stolen from Sam’s bed to cushion his knees. The faucet dribbled, but it was slowly filling up the tub with clear water. Castiel was curled onto his side, submerged as much as possible, though his tail still poked up ridiculously next to the shower pipes at the end. Dean had tucked Sam’s second pillow under Castiel’s head on the edge of the tub surround, trying to make him more comfortable—not that he was awake to appreciate it.
here.
Castiel rarely cussed, but at that moment his inner monologue was giving Meg a run for her money.
There is a silence so absolute that Dean panics and expects to look around and see only blackness, like in the tales Jack and Castiel both told. The only darkness, though, is the inside of his own eyelids as he remains frozen, eyes squeezed shut as he holds Castiel.
- Mal
Dean took a breath, trying to temper his growing excitement—a twinging in his chest, a clenching in his stomach, and a throbbing his own hard cock—with caution and good sense, reminding himself to go slow, to let Castiel lead, to take his time with his touches.
Could anyone actually “have fun” in this room? Dean’s nose was adjusting, but this room smelled damper than the rest of the building put together…and
, and don't forget to
“Bye,” Sam said. Dean’s phone produced a soft beep as he hung up.
fond of) and then after that...there's only one more official chapter! I do have a timestamp in progress for this 'verse that will post almost immediately after the fic finishes, so keep an eye out for that if you want to see what happens after the conclusion.
He was aware that growing up with his overprotective, religious mother had really done a number on his social skills, but it seemed like the more he tried, the worse it got. So, often, he just didn’t bother.
They returned to their work for a short while, Castiel breaking down a confusing-looking ledger that, it turned out, simply recorded the yields of the Winchester orchards year on year. They’d been falling for years, but sharply increased this last.
Professor Adler entered from the side door to his office, making his way across to the tiny podium in front of the whiteboard. His eyes alighted on Dean for a moment, and he merely gave him a tiny, excruciatingly polite nod before beginning to pull out his laptop and papers.
I've got another dose of fluff for y'all, this week! A bit of plot is, of course, coming your way, but I couldn't help myself but give you all a little more Dean and Cas bonding first, and a bit more Sam!
Castiel.
Laughing, Dean turned to Castiel and they each leaned on the other under the moderate shelter of the old oaks and sycamores that made up the large copse. Their ribs heaved, and Castiel was looking across at Dean with a wide-open, amused glee that made his chest buzz all over again.
Castiel gave him a tiny smile. He moved back to the foot of the bed, taking Dean’s Led Zeppelin tour shirt in hand. He looked down at it for a moment, worrying his gently flushed lip between his teeth. “You really think it smells nice?”
Dean looked up again to see Castiel gesturing vaguely up the cliff to the cabin. He looked miserable.
while looking out at the empty room.
“But, uh, you’re a medic, right? Smart guy? You can help get this sorted, right?”
some kind of connection that Dean wouldn’t—or couldn’t—have with a creature that didn’t have at least some kind of humanity in him.
He reached for it awkwardly, the broken tap he’d brought along for comparison clamped in his left hand…but it seemed stuck. Or, no…like someone on the other side, in the aisle running parallel to the one he was on, was trying to get to the box, too. Castiel tugged harder. Suddenly, whoever was on the other side seemed to realize what was happening and let go.
Dean shrugged. “Perhaps if I’d been in England I would have. We had a minor connection through Sam after all, and gossip travels widely. But overseas, I was blissfully ignorant. Any scandal there may have been will do nothing to alter my opinion of you, I’m sure.”
Castiel laughed, lowering himself back into his seat and pulling up one knee, angling himself so that Dean could see him as he signed. “That doesn’t seem very fair.”
Castiel’s warm lips pressed to Dean’s temple. “It gets even better,” he whispered. “Come on.”
He toasted the muffin, poured hot water on Sam’s green tea, and even got the pit out of Sam’s damned avocado for him, feeling generous that morning. Leaving them on the table, ready for Sam to return, Dean sloshed the last of the coffee into two cups. Taking his own, he picked up the other and wandered toward the library with it. Castiel rarely said no to coffee and maybe it would pull him out of his funk a little.
There was a
Castiel nodded but offered no response, turning to look at Dean instead. He smiled, slow and easy, as he raised his hand in greeting. “Hello, Dean.”
“How d’you know that?” Dean croaks.
Occasionally Castiel would pause between strikes, digging his fingers in to massage at the globes of Dean’s ass and pull his panties this way and that,
Castiel didn’t thank Dean, only blinked dully in surprise before giving him a slow nod. The plastic creaked as Castiel gripped it tightly, letting some of the liquid trickle across his dry lips before taking a few slow gulps. He grimaced but didn’t complain.
Castiel gave one of his tiny, mischievous smiles. “Why not? We’re both here, we have nowhere else to be, it’s a lovely evening. And we have plenty of time to head home and try something new, later,” he added coyly.
that?”
Dean was beautiful. And clearly talented, kind, well-loved in Bellbird Valley. He was out of Castiel’s league.
“His name is
was the one who—
“Dude, I’m watching his
“We’re only part of the way through the evening, I’ve still got plenty of time to make it awkward,” Castiel replied, looking solemn—though Dean could see a tiny lift at the corner of his mouth.
Sam’s hazel eyes dragged over to Dean, resting on his face almost longingly. “I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“Fair enough, then,” Dean said. “Guess we’ll see what he’s about.”
Even so…
“Oh God, is this one of those things? Are you going to some kind of sex club, or dungeon? Does he get to spank you in front of an audience?”
Dean’s stomach clenched as he turned his attention to the other side of the feather. The burnt, crisp edges—the damaged parts long fallen away but the scarred edges still carrying their story—left no doubt about who the feather belonged to.
Oh, the wheels tried. They rattled and bounced and picked up a surprising amount of speed on their way downhill.
“Try this,” Dean said, tilting his pelvis and lifting one leg as he guided Castiel into place.
“I said, don’t call me
“You’re a bit more private?”
Rooting around in the cabinet under the microwave Bobby had donated, Castiel pulled out a few carrots from a bag he kept just for these situations. The half-wild beast turned up his nose at pig-pellets and didn’t like his vegetables refrigerated. He would steal fruit without shame, and if Castiel had bread in the house, he had approximately four hours to eat it and hide the crumbs before the pig stormed in and took what was left.
“It was kind,” Dean corrected. “Thanks. Really. I appreciated it a lot, and it really helped me feel better.”
“Who doesn’t want the top bunk?” Dean grumbled under his breath, moving across to give the ladder a firm shake. A stability test, as he viewed it. Either Castiel hadn’t heard Dean’s grumble or he had just decided that ignoring him was the best option… Dean wasn’t complaining either way.
Dean took up his position behind the Formica counter in the overwhelmingly blue and pink, fifties-style diner. It was almost empty this late in the morning; most of the residents were either stay-at-home folk or had headed into nearby cities for work hours ago. They did a dribble of a trade at the diner all day, but it really picked up for lunch and dinner.
“Bobby! Anna’s here!” he yelled, spotting Bobby with his head under the hood of a nearby Prius. He waved his rag at Dean, indicating he’d heard, and Dean returned to Anna.
Thank you so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed my offering for this year's SPN Regency Big Bang.
Once he was cleaned, prepped, and changed, Dean stashed his bag in one of the provided lockers and checked the key at the front desk. Ready to play, Dean headed down into the club itself.
“Really? Is everything okay?” Gabriel sounded genuinely concerned. “You’re not, like, on the outs already are you? Did you ask him to do something he wasn’t into? Is there too much spanking, even for you?”
“So, you met...Castiel? I take it?” Sam asked, not even attempting to keep a straight face, the little shit.
Castiel dragged the tequila bottle in front of himself before tucking his fingers into the breast pocket of the brownish button-down that he was wearing, the sleeves shoved up to his elbows. When he withdrew his fingers, they brought a suspiciously fat, hand-rolled cigarette with them. He held it up toward Dean and winked. “Want to share?”
With discontented brays, their idly grazing horses darted down the hill away from them as a clap of thunder tore the clouds and flooded the grass in the same instant. Dean and Castiel both let out a yell as they scrambled to their feet, laughing and complaining in equal measure. Dean reached for Castiel—he gripped his wrist at first, but then they were running down the hillside, galloping and slipping in the sudden mud as Dean pulled them to the foot of the hills where the woodland began in earnest, and their fingers ended up entwined so naturally that Dean barely noticed.
Dark eyed—like the ocean at night, a color Dean had gazed out over enough to be intimately familiar with—Castiel looked wrecked, but coherent enough to give a slow nod.
Not ready yet.
“I guess that makes sense,” Castiel allowed. Pushing up on his arms, he leaned right over the bar before kicking up a leg, pushing himself over it just as Dean had done half-an-hour or so before.
- Mal
As he stepped up to the microphone, Castiel linked his fingers between Dean’s and held tight. He didn’t let him go, even as he began his carefully rehearsed talk on the inn, briefly covering everything from the solar panels to the on-site vegetable gardens and newly-sunk well.
. (I usually brush mine with a little of the hot honey sauce before I bread them, too, because I like the flavor to be stronger.)
“Oh, it is
Increasingly, Castiel’s letters were a light—perhaps the only light—in the endless, dark and dreary days of war.
The blonde lifted an eyebrow questioningly, leaning forward on the counter, all elbows. “So, what’s your story?”
Castiel hugged him back hard.
“Doesn’t change the result.” Castiel turned around, shaking out his hands as he walked back over to Dean. “I’ve taken the wraps off your feet, now—they were the last spot to be grafted. You’re looking good as new, pretty much.”
Firmly, she tapped him on the arm, clearly pissed.
“What’s the catch, Crowley?”
After Castiel had walked around and settled himself into the driver’s seat, he reached into the back to dump his heavy-looking satchel before turning back to Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you,” Castiel said after a moment, knowing that he was a little red but hardly able to change it. He kept his eyes down, stuffing underwear into his backpack. “Is your car okay? I’ll pay for any damages.”
“N-no, I haven’t had the pleasure,” Dean squeaked out.
“Nah,” Dean said, shaking his head, before curling up the corner of his mouth in a grin that—tried and tested—was pretty deadly. “I’m more interested in the company than the food, honestly.”
Castiel grunted. Dean looked over to see him squinting down at Dean’s drink with his nose wrinkled. “Don’t you want some ice in that, at least?”
Shit. “Cas,” Dean said guiltily. “Fuck, I’m sorry, I—”
Castiel nodded, slow and lazy, and Dean could see the same tiredness pulling at Castiel that he was starting to feel.
At least they had clothing; MEG had instructed them to head to the dormitory to find uniforms, which he and Castiel had awkwardly changed into, back to back, in silence. The clothes were simple white pants and shirts with collars. Not Dean’s style, but it was better than swinging free around a dude he didn’t know, he reasoned. Why they couldn’t just have single beds like the group dorm Dean vaguely recalled sleeping in on the way out of the solar system, Dean didn’t know. He briefly considered asking MEG… but figured he had a fifty-percent chance she’d just end up telling him to sleep on the floor.
Dean prickled defensively. Do something nice for the guy, and that’s the response he gets? A reminder of value, of being
But, barren though it was, this part of Kansas was bleakly beautiful, Castiel decided. He could handle this, though he was secretly hoping there was a waste-free cafe somewhere behind one of the falling barns.
“So, you’ll help us?” Sam asked.
There was a strange
Suddenly, Castiel was grabbing at Dean’s wrist and tugging him, towel and all, up the corridor. Around them, the glowing lights that illuminated the squeaky-clean floor at foot level phased in and out, filling the corridor with a flashing that only helped build Dean’s sense of
down somewhere abyssal-deep, so that he’d never have to admit to having contemplated something so greedy.
“I’m sorry, fuck—I didn’t know,” he said, an edge of shock and surprise to his voice that Castiel couldn’t, for the life of him, understand.
Thank you for taking the time to check out my 2020 Dean Cas Big Bang fic!
“I’ll make a list,” Sam said, his towel bobbing as he headed off to enjoy his gross, green breakfast.
Shoulders slumping with relief, Dean and Castiel exchanged a silent, sneaky high-five.
. The art that she produced for this week's chapter is so, so beautiful...I don't know about y'all, but I kinda want to get a print of it to put in my bathroom, lol. Do you think my family would mind if we had a mer-destiel themed bathroom? xD
They set up an agreement to speak after lunch every day, giving them the morning to work on their other responsibilities before settling onto Zoom at one o’clock to begin to crack away at the project.
under his breath as he reached for the scrubby dish sponge. A biodegradable one, because he’d already had more than enough lectures from Castiel about plastics in the oceans, thank you very much.
The only words Dean understood from the announcement were his own name and the name of the spaceship he remembered boarding—the Saranton. It meant “Savior”, apparently, in Esperanto. Oh… the robot voice was speaking Esperanto.
“He held you back, and treated you like a convenience,” she continued, topping up the glass as soon as Castiel was done.
“I’m sorry.”
Yup. Go on, head on down there and get reading and drooling over the art, you know you want to ;)
Dean shivered, the breeze whipping up goosebumps across his bare forearms.
Dean mimed zipping his lips.
This was a familiar conversation by now, one that was wearing Dean down, slowly.
Charming Acres was, well, charming—hideously so—with rows of pastel houses and perfect lawns with pink flamingos and timed sprinklers that kept the grass even greener than the owner’s bank accounts. Sam was a lawyer; he could afford one of those dollhouses. But Dean, he drifted and did whatever job fell into his lap, which was why he had a sixteen-mile drive to work from a run-down neighborhood near a chicken farm instead of a house like a painted bird box.
Entirely of their own accord, Dean’s eyes drifted down to Castiel’s thighs, tight against the material of his navy slacks where his trenchcoat fell open, exposing his legs. Running. Well, that explained....that.
“Us?” Dean supplied, unable to hide his small smirk at how awkward Castiel was.
Bobby shook his head. “There’s rules against them telling that kinda thing.”
“Roll over, Cas,” Dean whispered in a lull, his voice raspy from making out. “Let me try massaging your wings again, and this time—” He leaned in again, pressing his hot mouth to Castiel’s throat briefly, feeling him swallow beneath his lips. “—I won’t have to hold back.”
After a few minutes of basic housekeeping chat, Adler shoved a bundle of poorly printed sheets into the hands of the sleepy-looking Asian kid in the front row, and stood with his arms crossed, glaring at nothing, while they were handed around.
I can't believe it's the end! I have a lot of emotions.
Castiel’s stomach had sunk swiftly downwards and was flopping weakly around his knees like a landed fish. Oh god.
that we never shared those experiences.”
. I am honored to be able to team up with her for this fic, and include her absolutely gorgeous artwork. You can find her art masterpost
of strange, sketchy collections of oddities near its coasts.
Dean faced Castiel and smiled at him for just long enough to register the surprise on his face as Dean reached out and embraced him. He hugged him tight, silently squeezing his thanks into Castiel’s shoulders and back.
“Make sure
, Castiel,” Michael said solemnly. “You can feel it now, already. I assure you—this is just the beginning.”
“So that’s what all the deflective humor is about,” Castiel said quietly, dropping his eyes down to his near-empty coffee cup. “And your mom… That’s why he volunteers at the fire station?”
hungrily.
Beaming, Castiel dropped his eyes for a second in relief before he nodded.
“I’m glad that my vessel is pleasing to you,” Castiel murmured. “I’m sure that’s…helpful.”
“Oh, so you found a job, then?” Crowley said. Castiel could picture his dark smirk against his pale, sunless skin.
“Tomorrow?” Dean badgered, grinning.
After eyeing Dean’s chest appreciatively, Castiel shifted, looking like he was about to sit up.
A few minutes later, with the seat next to his own still empty, Dean pulled out his phone. No text from Castiel. He slipped it back into his pocket.
“Oh? Dean’s been over to the farm already, has he?” Claire butted in, so far from nonchalant that Castiel’s fingers itched to pinch her mouth shut. But, he knew better; Claire was in charge of the coffee.
Thirdly: On with the fic...
“Opposite of a fight,” Sam said slowly. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean could see Sam’s five-head wrinkling in confusion as his brain-cogs whirred. “So, you didn’t fight, you made up? Or you—
Dean took a moment to appreciate Castiel’s strong arms as he rose out of the surf, before reaching down to tug at his boot laces. “How’d it go?” he asked, tossing his footwear up behind him onto drier sand.
“Light it up, jackass,” Dean complained.
Dean perked up interestedly, sitting up and barely managing not to hit his head, tall as he was.
“Suspenseful, yeah,” Dean echoed knowingly. Moistening his lips, Dean rolled onto his back, not even looking at the movie anymore as he said, “It’s, uh, pretty hot, too, actually.”
Michael looks so jarringly young, closer to Jack than to Sam or Dean, and it always throws Dean a little. He knows what power is contained in that vessel—he’d been the sketchy joy ride of Michael’s AU version for months, of course—but even so, seeing
Slowly, Dean let go and stepped back, feeling awkward but…elated? Was that what this was?
Dean reappeared after only a few minutes, his hand warm on the base of Castiel’s back as he juggled the local flower displays that the florist down in the valley had put together. They were all living, potted plants, able to be transferred to the inn’s gardens once the celebration was over. Dean grabbed a couple from his arms.
Jo was right, of course, but the wink she gave Dean was uncalled for, in his opinion.
Castiel made a small noise of astonishment, but certainly no noises of protest.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, Bobby’s wife Ellen has a bar down the street. She makes great sandwiches around lunchtime. I can show you the way, if you want—I have food I can eat later but I wouldn’t mind grabbing a coffee that hasn’t been on the break room warmer since before seven.”
“What happened up there?” Sam asked again. “You and Cas have a fight, or something?”
“May I touch you please, Sir?” he asked, his hands hovering above the zipper that faced Dean at eye level, barely containing the bulge of Castiel’s waiting erection.
Castiel squeezed his hand so tight that Dean felt his fingers crunch, but he didn’t stop his movement, burying his nose deep in the thick, curly hair around Castiel’s base.
“Well,” Castiel said curtly, “I think you’ll find that’s my business, not yours.”
“About me?” Castiel asked, his eyebrow curving.
The statement sent Dean’s body into revolt, and it was all he could do not to throw the scales back at the beautiful, sad merman. It was such a horrid concept, having your autonomy stripped away to the point where…where…
It wasn’t dark inside, it was oppressively pitch. Dean could immediately sense that it wasn’t the darkness of covered windows—there simply weren’t any widows, not even a crack. It was a cold, concrete square.
“No!” Dean fought back, growling. “What about us? What about everything we ever promised each other? In this till the end, huh, Sam? Going out
“Just wait,” Sam says. “It’s all you can do. Michael’s pretty certain it won’t be long. Gabriel can feel it like Michael can—I assume Lucifer and Raphael can too, but I’m not sure they care as much.”
Hello, folks!
“No, my job is to shank him. I’m just humoring you, for now.”
“The shower room is out into the corridor, next door to your right. And Mister Novak is on his way, asking very similar questions.”
, okay, it wasn’t his fault that they’d been in stop-and-go traffic for nearly an hour.
Dean smiled, remembering for himself the awkward handshake he’d forced on the poor man in the foyer of Winchester Hall.
“That bad, huh?”
“But you ~~ let him do ~~ fair, Dean! Or I will!” Frowning and severe, Charlie crossed her arms over in front of her
Castiel’s eyes flicked downwards.
Dean made a regretful clicking noise against the roof of his mouth, grimacing just a fraction “Well, honestly, I’m not suggesting we should make out in doorways here, either. There’s always at least one under-evolved asshole. But it’s a lot safer than you’re used to, I’m sure.”
“Bitch,” Dean murmured affectionately under his breath as he slipped the chain across the door and locked it. He didn’t need well-intentioned housekeepers coming into their surprisingly nice motel room and discovering a dude with a tail in the tub.
Dean had carefully measured out the distance to Castiel’s room so that Sam could start the fire on the other side of the building, away from the merman’s home-slash-cell, but even so, seconds were a luxury.
Dean snorted. “Yeah… of all the gin bars in all of the levels of the ship, you gotta walk into mine,” he quipped.
“Winchester,” MEG said calmly. “You will be issued one room with two beds, as per protocol. Plus, engage your brain and think about it for just a moment, if it’s not too painful—this way I only have to route oxygen to one dorm, rather than two.”
“More than usual,” Dean confirmed.
that went straight past Dean’s dick and deep into his core, Castiel whipped his belt out from his pants with one hand.
Dean obediently went pliant, responding to the commanding—and worrying—
“When’s the wedding?”
Castiel was magnificent. Dean had never seen someone who could pull off both rumpled and commanding simultaneously. His knowledge of his field, his personal investment, and his god damned in-charge eyebrow were a stunning combination.
“‘Wings’?” For a moment Dean was confused, but clarity arrived before Castiel could jump in. “Oh—right. You’re all angels, yeah?”
Dean wasn’t great at communicating feelings or talking about emotions, but those particular words were ones he’d held in his mouth for years, choking around them every time he and Castiel miscommunicated because he was so focused on what he was
- Mal <3
Calming himself with his hand on his chest, Castiel stuck his head out into the hallway. There, framed in waning daylight in the doorway stood the bowlegged man from earlier. Of course, who else would it be except the person whose vehicle he’d accidentally vandalized with a sex toy?
“I don’t know why you were hiding the oil, man,” Dean said, his brain apparently entirely disengaged by the sight of the muscled planes on either side of Castiel’s spine. “Honestly, it smells pretty great. It’s not like it’s gross or offensive. I don’t know why you’re so embarrassed about it.”
