Silence.
The agony is delicious. Sherlock can feel his head start swimming as his mind is clouded over by a soothing fog. It’s a bit like shooting heroin. It’s hot inside the bag and Sherlock has his eyes closed but he still senses unconsciousness approaching. He hopes John will choke him until he passes out. This will show John what he’s able to take, how far he'll go for him.
Mycroft pulls Sherlock's back flush against his chest and continues to play with his nipples as John puts the chastity device on him. It's heavy, made from gleaming silver metal, with bolts that have to be inserted into the appropriate holes to interlock. The task is made much more difficult due to Sherlock's raging erection, but eventually the last piece clicks into place. John secures the cage with a small padlock and passes the key over to Mycroft. Sherlock's cock is now sheathed in silver, a ring fastened behind his balls. There's a small opening slot over his glans, so that he can piss and leak precome, but he won't be able to get fully hard or come.
“Oh, I think we'll leave that in.” Sherlock's eyes go wide. “Might be an incentive for you to quickly solve the case.” John winks as he makes for the bathroom.
They stays like this, unmoving, for a few seconds until  Sherlock has adjusted his breathing. As John feels his throat relax he starts to pound into Sherlock’s mouth, brutally fucking his face.
Sherlock spits those words into John's face, who is still crouching on the floor, feeling bile rise in his throat. He slowly gets up and grabs Sherlock's arm, just as the detective is about to bend over the table again.
Up in this flat, Mycroft keeps his equipment in a large wardrobe with sliding mirrored doors. Sherlock is aware of John inspecting the collection and choosing a device of his liking. Mycroft approves with a low hum. When John turns around, Sherlock can see that he's holding a hickory spanking paddle, about fifteen inches long and rather slim, with eight holes to allow for the delivery of fast blows in quick succession.
He needs this. John makes little noises when dealing another row of blows, bitten off moans of pleasure. He obviously likes what he sees and does. Therefore, Sherlock likes it too.
“May I introduce the right honourable Sir Peter Saint Clair, former Minister of Defence.” Donovan spits out.
“Please, don't...” the woman on the floor whimpers.
John takes a sip of his drink, then another. Continues browsing.
Afterwards, John had given Sherlock a few minutes to regain composure and breath, before he'd brought the Glasgow eight's out. They were heavy and cold, but wrapped loose enough around Sherlock's wrists as not to cut or chafe.
“You belong to me. I'm not sharing you. I want to take care of you the way you need it. The way I need it.” John's voice it raw with emotions.
“Please, don’t do that, John. I can’t… not right now.” He’s begging. He knows he shouldn’t but he can’t help it. No.
Sherlock's hand stills abruptly. He's panting, but isn't so foolish as to doubt John's words for one second.
Sherlock elegantly slides out of bed, dropping to the floor in an almost obscenely subservient manner. He winces silently as his sore muscles protest the movement before looking expectantly up at John on the bed. “You want to do it right here? Or shall we go to the bathroom?” He even licks his lips in anticipation.
This gives John an idea. "I want you to wet yourself, Sherlock, right here, in front of me. Come on, kneel up." John pulls Sherlock up on his knees; his cock hangs full and heavy between his legs. Sherlock has to take a few deep breaths to calm himself down. He needs to relax if this is going to work. To encourage him, John pinches his left nipple very hard. Sherlock shudders and releases a few drops of piss. "There you go, you gorgeous, filthy thing. Hm, that's lovely, isn't it? To just let it all out?" Sherlock nods as hot urine runs down his thigh. Looking down, Sherlock gasps at the sight.
“Can you lie down on your side for me?” John asks after a few minutes, during which he's been palming himself almost absent-mindedly through his jeans. Sherlock gives a slow nod. But John has to help him crouch down into a foetal position. The spikes sink into his skin all over his left side, from his shoulder down to his calves. He trembles and shrieks. John strokes his hair to calm him and prevent further damage from erratic shaking. Eventually, the shudders subside. Sherlock can feel blood pool beneath him. Thank god that he's become so lithe and thin.
Sherlock pulls on some nitrile gloves before walking over to the man on the cross. His arms and legs are tied to the rough wooden beams with leather belts. Sherlock is careful not to step into the dried pool of blood and excrements on the floor, so somehow stands next to the device as he carefully starts to loosen the ribbons that close the black leather mask around the victim's neck. The mask dehumanises the body; it has only a hole for the mouth, otherwise it's like a bell cover, fastened around the throat.
“You repel me, Mycroft.” John spits out.
“Did you make a mess, dear? Well, now you have to lie in it till the morning.” John tells him with a smirk in his voice before lying back down. He's soon gone back to sleep.
Thwack.
“I prefer the term escapists.” Sherlock's smile turns icy. John subtly nudges him under the table.
John takes something from his backpack and crouches down in front Sherlock's suspended body. Sherlock can hear him fumble a little and braces himself for what's to come.
Sherlock's mouth obediently drops open with a low whimper as he swallows the toy down until his lips almost crush against the headboard.
“Yet he hates my brother even more. My enemy's enemy is my friend.” Sherlock smiles darkly. “He provided very convincing DNA samples and dental records. I was dead. Even Mycroft believed it. Did you go to my funeral?”
After getting started it becomes easier. He just lets it flow, quickly kneeling in a puddle of cooling piss. John gets a teatowel and starts to mop up a bit of the urine, only to wring the cloth out above Sherlock's head. Piss starts to drip down his face as John repeats it again and again. Sherlock pants and opens his mouth to catch some drops. His dish had been very spicy; Sherlock is thirsty.
Sherlock agrees.
The sharp blows feel like an electric shock Sherlock simultaneously fears and needs. John feels powerful, alive.
Don't try this at home, folks! This is porn, a fantasy.
“Say it!”
Sherlock does, pulling one knee up at his side, exposing himself. His balls are already tight against his perineum. John watches small droplets of cold water run over it.
When he'd returned with the cup and a silver table spoon to their living room, John had indicated for him to resume his prior position.
“Beautiful.” John whispers above his left cheek. “So fucking beautiful.” Sherlock baths in his praise, feeling very much alive listening to his own blood ringing in his ears until everything goes dark.
Even afterwards, Sherlock is not allowed to use the loo. As his body needs some rest, John eventually has him lie on the bed all day. In memory of his fantasy from last night, he inserts a urinary catheter up Sherlock's urethra so Sherlock can relieve himself. Yet the catheter tube is attached to his nasogastric tube, feeding him his own piss back. Sherlock can watch it if not taste it, as John has hooked up the clear tube in good view. It's both disconcerting and deeply arousing, being subjected to this treatment, watching yellow urine ooze out of him before being absorbed again by his body. A perfect circulatory system.
“I think it's enough.” John says, putting the glass down onto the floor. “Mycroft, switch that toy off.” Sherlock feels wetness on his cheeks and needs a few moments to realise that he's crying. The look John gives him is a strange mixture of exasperation and concern.
“No, Sherlock thought he was very clever, as if he was kind of seducing me...” John explains.
“We should put that greedy thing into a breeding stand to give him a proper rogering.” John muses.
“He's lovely, look at all this pale skin...” Irene sounds almost dreamy, lost in admiring her work.  She touches Sherlock's shoulder blade with her still gloved fingers and Sherlock winces. “Now, in comparison, the riding crop.”
“Come on, help you new friend.” He gestures over to the two men, one grunting above the other as he shoves his cock deep down a tight throat. The Asian is chocking and gagging, but his hands hold tight to the taller man's thighs as if to pull him even deeper into his body.
“I want you to come just from this.” John murmurs softly yet still demandingly into Sherlock's ear as he relentlessly rubs his prostate, milking Sherlock. And, rather surprising to himself, after some time Sherlock looses himself in the sensation and starts to rut against the table, seeking at least minimal friction. At this John intensifies his administration until suddenly Sherlock's hips buck and he shoots thick stripes of semen into the jar John is holding beneath him.
It tastes like home.
Sherlock stays very still and only turns to face the opaque glass front while John puts on latex gloves. He can see his reflection clearly, his pale limbs a stark contrast to the black rubber, his mouth forced obscenely open. He shivers a little as John peels the cling film away from the small of his back. It doesn't hurt, but his legs do shake nevertheless. John carefully applies ointment to the skin, then steppes back and admires the sight.
John grins devilishly as he strides over to the chair Sherlock is confined to, brushing one hand through damp curls as he murmurs: „My, my, Sherlock. God, your trousers might be ruined. If you could only see yourself like this. I think the next time we do this I’ll have you face the mirror. You look like you’d rub yourself against anything with a pulse… ok, in your case, a pulse might not even be necessary for you to rut against it like a dog in heat. Hm, if I release you now I want you to crawl over to the coffee table and lie face down on top of it, legs spread wide. You got that?“
John uses the paddle quite expertly, dealing fierce blows to Sherlock's arse and thighs. Initially, Sherlock had forced himself to stay quiet, but after about the tenth stroke he can't stop little gasps and sobs escaping his mouth. These turn into groans at around the twentieth stroke.
Mycroft grips Sherlock's slim hips and starts to fuck him steadily. Sherlock's cock is shoved again and again against the wooden edge of the rack, already chafing, still a bit damp from loosing control over his bladder. Yet, it's swollen and leaking all the same. Every thrust from Mycroft makes him gasp in pain and pleasure alike.
“Could someone please tell me what's going on?” Greg demands.
The idea drives John mad. He can't remember the last time he's been so hard. It almost hurts. He can already feel his balls tightening. This won't take long.
John starts right after their arrival at 221b. If they are going to live this, there's no use wasting their scarce time with superfluous diffidence.
The slave grunts again. Sherlock swallows. His mouth has suddenly gone dry. He wonders if somewhere along the way the boy has lost his ability to speak. Sherlock knows that after some time in an intense relationship like this, it can be hard to surface from subspace. He remembers all too well his time at his family mansion, being trained for Mycroft. He's lost something back then and is still not sure if he'll be able recover from it. Looking back, it frightens him  how far he's prepared to go; or what he would allow John to do to him.
“I bet your Daddy would love to bend you over his desk sometimes and just sink his cock into your pink arsehole. To fuck all your disobedience right out of you. Hard and fast, as you deserve it. Did he beat you with his belt when you were younger? No? I bet he wanted to, though. I bet he wanted to grope you and hold you down, shut you up and just take you. The family way, you know.”
Sherlock decides to give him a bit of a show.
“John got you nicely trained.” Greg whispers, caressing Sherlock's burning arse cheek to give his arm a break. “You genuinely enjoy this, don't you?”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock sighs.
Seeing Sherlock's brother stammer and fight for words somehow softens John a bit.
“Don't make this worse for you, Kate. Doctor Watson is at least a medical professional. I'm sure he's very apt with the needle. Now, be a good girl, will you?”
Now it's Sherlock's turn to sigh in exasperation. “We don't have time, John.” He raises his head in defiance. “We have to stand united against my brother, or we won't stand a chance.”
Suddenly, John is back. He kneels over him and uses a wire cutter to liberate him from this makeshift iron maiden, John's gloved fingers bending the wire apart like some knight in shining armour saving his Sleeping Beauty. John has to hold him up around his middle after pulling him back onto his feet.  They stare at each other in the mirror, Sherlock's naked body bloodied and abused, tiny holes poked into his white skin in an irregular pattern, showing clear signs of torture, while John is fully clothed, watching Sherlock with greedy eyes.
Hello again! Wow, thank you so much to everyone who has commented and left kudos for this fic. I appreciate all the kind words in the comments, they really make my day(: Also, thank you to the people that have pointed out any errors, I will get to those as soon as I can and I apologize in advance it they interfere with your enjoyment of the story.
“S-s-she didn’t a-answer,” John cried, gripping ahold of Sherlock’s robe, causing the detectives heart to break. “She d-doesn’t c-c-care about m-me!” He hooked his arm under the shaking boy’s knees and behind his back, lifting him up to spread out on the bed. Quickly, he sat the glass of milk on the side table and brought the plate with him on the bed, propping himself up on the head board. John was still whimpering when he pulled the boy to his chest, letting his head rest on his right shoulder.
Slowly, the thin but tall body above him lowered down so John could feel the other man’s heart through his chest now. He was amazed at how being squashed between Sherlock and the couch didn’t feel uncomfortable, especially when the hips above him slightly twitch, providing amazing friction for his aching cock. “Feels good doesn’t it?” Sherlock grinned, pulling his head back to look at John, who nodded shyly. No matter how fantastic it felt, there was no getting around the awkward feeling in his head that he was actually rubbing up against man for the first time in his life. “You can trust me, John, I won’t hurt you Ever.”
Sherlock looked down, almost nervous about what he was going to ask. “Why…why did you save Mycroft?”
he, made sure to burn three CDs with Muse, Pink Floyd, and The Black Keys songs, which Facebook had indicated were John’s three favorite bands. They would help, just in case of an awkward silence when John was mulling over the fact he was in a car with a thirty-three year old, the familiar music would help calm him.
“Calm down,” John whispered to him, “calm down, Sherlock.” John wasn’t even panting as he held onto the wild vampire. “It’s Greg, it’s just Greg, alright. He’s going to let you drink from him, but you just need to calm down. You’re going to get blood, I promise.”
Hey everyone,
“Good morning,” John finally whispered, bringing a shy smile to his face when Sherlock began kissing from his right nipple to his left. “Wh-what are you doing?” He stuttered out, ashamed at how quickly his hips began to thrust slightly from the little display of infection. His cock was already hard from just waking up but his arse was so sore, there was no way he was going to let Sherlock do what they did last night. “Sherlock, please it hurts too much from last night.”
“John,” the voice brought him out of his thoughts. John wrapped his hand over the handle, ready to pull at any second. “John, I need you to scoot forward a bit, yeah, and take your hand off the door.” John could tell Greg was ready to spring if he decided to fall, both literally and figuratively this time.
Irene just shakes her head. “Not as far as I know. Why do you think Kate got this thorough thrashing?”
“Stay here.” John says quietly, and walks back into the living room where he sat his bag down before they left for the club. He returns with something large and black, rolled up and tugged under his left arm.
Sherlock shudders in disgust as tears spring to his eyes. He might be reaching his limits here.
“Hi! Is this Doctor John Watson?” A voice that sounds way too cheerful for the godforsaken hour greets John as he answers his phone.
John looks grave.“You listening, Sherlock? See how patient I am with you? You should thank your brother on your knees that he got me to train you. Well, you will thank him on your knees... when you're finally worth it.”
----------
John goes on Google and searches for the news, nearly having a coronary when the search results show up after he's entered Sherlock's. Oh. My. God.
John watches, enraptured. Sherlock tries to plead with his eyes but John's face stays somewhat closed off. Eventually, Sherlock twists on the floor, almost throwing Mark off of him.
Sherlock tries to stay very still and not to twitch a muscle as John twines the spiked metal ribbon around him, from his ankles up to his neck. John doesn't wrap him too tightly, but the small thorns sting his abused body nonetheless. Some spikes pierce his skin and blood starts to trickle down his limbs in thin rivulets.
Sherlock inhales sharply. “You drowned him and made me watch. To teach me that caring was not an advantage.”
And Sherlock does. Apparently, the boy hadn't been allowed to come for over a week, so it's quite a load he shoots onto the tiles. Sherlock wants to press his face into it, smear it all over his skin, wallow in it, but John only allows him to lap it up. He brings his tongue out again and again, licking up the sticky mess until the tiles are clean again.
But that's not what Mycroft wants to hear.
Meanwhile, the two men double-penetrating the pig are getting close as well. They are rutting and grunting, unable to get really deep at this odd angle but finally it seems to be enough. They both come, almost yelling when finding release.
“Usmieska.” Someone orders.
Sherlock does as John told him. It's much less unpleasant than getting a rubber hose shoved down his oesophagus. It's still an alien object inserted into him, but it doesn't feel as such a violation as the gavage from this morning.
Sweaty curls cling to Sherlock's forehead as he stares up at John in a state of severe depletion, despite having actually slept a few hours this night. John smiles down at him, even lowers his head to tenderly kiss him on the mouth. It's almost chaste and so sweet that Sherlock has to close his eyes as to not succumb to the overwhelming sense of sentiment that wells up inside him. John's hands stroke down over his tied up body, roaming freely over the expanse of black neoprene, and it's so gentle that Sherlock fears he might start to cry for real.
“John, please...” Sherlock whispers, almost choking on his embarrassment because he knows that he will do what John wants from him regardless; but the shame is so intense that he desperately tries to bargain nonetheless.
If he's honest with himself, he's afraid of their future. He needs John, yet is not sure how to keep him. Won't John tire of him rather sooner than later, when the newness of their... affiliation has faded. Are they even in a relationship? John calls him love but he also makes him hurt. The former is way harder to bear than the latter.
It takes a moment for Sherlock to be able to remove the hood. The face revealed is pale, due to the blood loss that led to the man's death. The eyes are open but stare into nothing
Greg nods approvingly before wrapping his belt around his fist, pulling it tight. Sherlock shudders and closes his eyes as Lestrade begins to viciously beat his buttocks. After the first ten lashes the plug is removed from Sherlock's mouth. “I want to hear you scream and sob.” Greg declares, and sets to work again. The hard smacks echo through the bedroom, leather sharply licking on sensitive bare flesh.
“No. I transferred them to a memory stick a while back. I didn't want to delete them, in case... well. But I didn't want to have them on my phone any longer.” They reminded him of things he couldn't afford thinking about if he wanted to stay sane, but these are thoughts John keeps to himself. “I've got the USB drive in my wallet. Always.”
“I do, John, with you.” Sherlock sighs, because it's true. He loves being forced down onto a floor drenched in piss while urine leaks from his hole, the taste of his own piss still lingering on his tongue, a hand forcefully pushing into him, touching him in places that are not used to being touched; loves being degraded, humiliated, used in unspeakable ways. “Please, give me more.” He's almost delirious with want by now. He'd ask for anything he thinks John would like to hear. He'll beg, he'll crawl, he'll abase himself in any which way imaginable. His cock throbs despite its cage and Sherlock can feel his eyelids flutter shut as his abdominal muscles clench and unclench in desperation.
John had allowed him to touch and lick both sides before ordering him to lie back on the carpet and to pull his legs up to his shoulders. When Sherlock had presented himself like this, John had knelt down onto the floor and lubricated the shorter, sturdy part before slowly pushing the toy past Sherlock's tight ring of muscle.
When he’s finished, Mark greedily wraps his shaking hands around John’s neglected cock and takes it into his mouth. He’s still riding out his aftershocks as he sucks John off, his head bobbing up and down John’s thick shaft. Sherlock stares up at them, unable to do anything but look, and the frustration is almost killing him.
He drags Sherlock into the bathroom and yanks his reeking hoodie over his head. Sherlock's smell hits him full force, a mixture of unwashed male, stale cigarette smoke and wet dog. His fingernails are bitten and dirty, his hair greasy. He has dark half-circles below his eyes and his cheeks are hollow. John is about to scold him because he's neglecting himself, but falls silent when Sherlock wraps his thin arms around his torso. Too late, for John has already seen. Hot, white anger fills his chest.
Sherlock turns and shuffles in the direction of the bench on which Acri is sitting, his eyes still heavy-lidded with lust. When he comes to kneel in the vee between Acri's open thighs he can see that his cock is still half-hard, the foreskin retracted. White come sticks in its folds, and some has dried around the slit or has congealed in his dark, trimmed pubic hair.
He's led down to the basement on his brother's arm as not to stumble. Sherlock's usually secure stride has been reduced to a careful scurry. They meet a few servants, but no one gives Sherlock as much as an odd look. They all greet politely and mind their own business.
“About that party tonight...,” John says as he shimmies up Sherlock's body until he's squatting with spread knees over Sherlock's face, presenting his hole to be licked, “we could go...”
“Moriarty.” Sherlock whispers, then coughs, to say louder: “It's Moriarty.” He's still not looking at Greg or John, instead fixes the door frame with a piercing gaze.
John smiles down at Sherlock and wants to hug him, to tell him that everything will be alright, but the look on Sherlock's face stops him dead in his tracks.
Sherlock and John are much more in sync during Sherlock's second week of serious training.
It doesn't take long for Mycroft to find John and Sherlock.
“Very good.”
John pulls the belt tight once more, and Sherlock makes a choking sound. John grunts: “Come on, Sherlock, ride my cock like the slut you are.” - and can suddenly feel Sherlock's hole clench, his inner muscles spasm. Sherlock comes hard, shooting thick squirts of goo all the way up the wall above the headboard, and as John watches it drip down the pale yellow wallpaper, he plunges over the edge himself, almost blacking out as he spills his come inside Sherlock's tight, spasming passage.
“Not so fast.” John steps in. Sherlock stares at the bowl, unable to believe his luck. John wouldn't spoil the fun, would he?
John is entranced. This is it. This is what he's been looking for with all his past lovers. But it's so rarely found. Because this is more than sex, more than pain. It's a transcending experience, for both of them. It changes the dynamics profoundly. Who's in charge here is hard to tell as they both move in unison, melting together, giving, receiving, becoming one.
Sherlock outright whimpers.
“Perhaps it’s all been too much. Us. Your brother, what he did to you, your flight, now this… new identities, us roaming Europe with no plan or destination. Perhaps I pushed you too far.” John can hear the uncertainty creep into his voice. He’s the one supposed to lead here, but at the moment he’s unsure how to proceed. The night takes its toll on him as well. John didn't like Sherlock becoming a pliant fuckboy, but his own reaction to Sherlock showing defiance tonight frightens him as well.
As John pounds into him with abandon, Sherlock is only able to make muffled sounds, guttural purrs, vibrating in his throat. Their eyes never leave each other as John stares down on him, eyes dark.
“Take a seat, little brother.” Mycroft gestures over to the chair. Sherlock carefully climbs onto the black leather seat. It's cold beneath his naked buttocks. Because of his bruises he's grateful for the bolster-work. A recess beneath the seat makes his arse easily accessible.
John moves beneath him, and then his hands touch Sherlock's balls.
Sherlock sucks and licks, pushes his tongue inside the stretched hole until the boy above him writhes and moans.
“Or what?” Sherlock asks defiantly, his tongue darting out to taste his own blood.
It wouldn't be for him. He almost unconsciously licks his lips as he imagines being ordered to clean the china basin, filled perhaps with the excretions of several men. His caged cock gives a sympathetic jerk and John grins at him. “I thought you might like this.” He murmurs, and Sherlock feels his cheeks colour as he gives a small, shy nod.
Sherlock sighs. Better not draw it out any longer. He removes his jacket, unbuttons his shirt and sheds his trousers, folding his clothes to put them neatly onto the chair.
Sherlock simply can't move. He can't breath. His diaphragm locks as a violent spasm shakes his whole body.
The piss is by now cold and makes him shiver, his pebbled nipples straining against the damp fabric. The cotton clings to his torso, sticks to his back, hugs him like a second skin. God, he desperately wants to show John what a good piss slut he's become. He truly admires his brother for the fantasies he entertains. Mycroft surely knows what Sherlock needs.
John lies back and Sherlock is told to straddle his hips. John lazily folds his arms behind his head – this is a relaxing early morning shag, after all – and lets Sherlock do all the work. Despite still being wet from last night, he's allowed to use lube to slick himself up for two cocks. Small mercies, but Sherlock is still grateful.
“Whsit?” Sherlock slurs, his voice soft with sleep.
“Say you'll never leave again. Ever. Swear it.”
“Sherlock, please look at me.” John whispers into curls, damp with sweat and tears. “It's over. He's dead. Please, love, look at me. Please.”
“In fact, I do!” John barks as he yanks Sherlock's trousers and pants down, revealing his beautiful arse still open and stuffed with the large black toy. Despite – or perhaps because – of all the stress John has endured over the last 18 hours, it looks mouth-watering.
As he starts to rock in his bounds, the thorny branches around his body seem to contract, slicing his skin open. He gasps in pain, but John doesn't stop. He only removes his hand when Sherlock's buttocks start to quiver. The chestnuts fall to the ground.
Sherlock dashes down the stairs and is half-way out the front door of Irene's white town house when Lestrade steps into the hall.
They stare at each other for a long moment before John walks over to where Sherlock is kneeling and reaches out to brush his thumb over Sherlock's index finger as he takes the apple from his hand. He looks down into Sherlock's face and sees his mouth fall open and his eyes flutter shut.
Sally Donovan is standing behind one door, grinning, her skirt held up, flashing her black knickers. Sherlock remembers sucking her cunt, drinking her warm piss while John watched.
It takes a while to patch him up and disinfect the wounds. The one on his back will scar heavily. And John's sure one go won't be enough to remove Mycroft's possessive inscription. But in time it will fade, obliterated like the memory of Sussex.
“Oh, you may speak.” Moriarty condescends.
One evening John tells him: “I love your wet hole. But, you know, that cock of yours, always caged, it's no use at all. So I've thought about telling Mycroft to take you to Thailand. They've great surgeons there. They could make a lovely tight pussy out of your cock. You could play with that all day; show us a proper wet cunt. Wouldn't that be nice?”
“And you hate filth. Yet, you want to watch me wet myself.” Sherlock arches an eyebrow, looking smug.
John has stopped dating, Sherlock has noticed. Most days he comes home straight after the clinic and spends the evenings in. Sherlock knows that John is looking at him when he thinks he can't see and wonders what that might mean.
“You didn’t like it when I came all over Mark.” John says, brushing his thump over Sherlock’s swollen, wet lips.
Donovan doesn't bat an eyelid as she walks over to pick up the riding crop, then nudges Kate with one of her high-heeled feet. The maid clumsily gets up and stumbles over to the door. Sally's face is unreadable as they leave the room, but her grip on the crop is firm. Sherlock quickly makes some reassessments of the Sergeant on his hard drive.
Eventually, the last man enters him while he's allowed to suck on Chequered's condom. He'd begged for it. “Please, John, feed me more come. Please, it tastes so good, I love it, please...” And John had been kind and had given Sherlock what he so clearly craved.
Sherlock had soon arched his back off the floor to meet each thrust, his body flushed a delicate pink down to his navel, his hands tousled in his own curls, until John had grabbed his right and entwined their fingers to ground his lover. They both had needed this connection, the sure, grounding touch of a living human being. As their eyes had locked, Sherlock's pupils had been blown wide, two obsidian pools damp with unshed tears; John was sure he looked at least as affected.
“Is he good with his tongue?”
“Can you finger yourself a bit for me. I need my hands for myself.” John asks as he unzips.
“Come here. Lick.” John pushes his come covered hand into Sherlock's mouth, all five fingers. Sherlock chokes as he tries to open wide enough to accommodate John’s knuckles, but immediately starts to suck, his tongue cleaning Mycroft's and John's come with his own blood from John’s fingers that are obscenely stretching his mouth. But Sherlock’s suckling is weak and not as eager as usual.
John grins. “As I said, insatiable.” But to ease Sherlock's need John takes another ice cube from the glass and pushes it inside, watching as it slips past Sherlock's soft pink rim. Sherlock sighs with pleasure and rubs his cock against the bedding, his movements becoming more urgent and insistent.
“Yes, by a mutual friend.”
Suddenly, John kneels down beside him and presses a hand between his sweaty shoulder blades, allowing him to lower the bucket back down onto the floor.
“I want to know where you're going and who you're meeting. Your phone stays switched on. If you don't return in time, I'll call you. If you don't answer, I'll come looking for you, no matter what.”
At eight o'clock, Sherlock's laptop finally answers his muttering with the sound of an incoming email. During the next four hours, Sherlock double-checks all the witness statements, and even watches some recorded footage Lestrade has send him from the interviews. At noon, the forensics report arrives, followed an hour later by the post-mortem. Mycroft must have pulled some strings to speed up the proceedings.
“Come on, they’re waiting for you.” John helps Sherlock up. He sways slightly in his arms, but steadies himself quickly. Walking him down the stairs is somehow like leading him to the gallows. Horrible premonitions flood John's mind like putrid molasses.
“I can hear neither you nor that moaning cockslut anymore, so I presume the receiver is fully inside him? Just take a picture and send it to me, please, for confirmation.”
“Open. I want to spit in your mouth.” John breathes against his temple. Sherlock's lips part. A fat drop of John's saliva hits his tongue, still tasting of the pint of London Pride he's drowned an hour earlier. “Swallow.” Sherlock obeys.
“Jesus, mate, you haven't been taking the piss.” One of the men, a sturdy ginger in a striped sweatshirt covered in brick dust, exclaims. “Look at this beauty.” His eyes roam over Sherlock's lithe, pale body.
Fifteen minutes later John steps back and admires his work. Sherlock's hands are bound behind his back, the hemp wound tightly in an intricate fashion around his forearms from elbows to wrists. Sherlock's nipples are each wedged between two chopsticks, hold together by rubber bands, making them into bamboo nipple clamps. In the same fashion, another pair of chopsticks is fixed to Sherlock's scrotum above his testicles. A fourth pair John has attached to Sherlock's tongue that is hanging out of his mouth. As the chopsticks prevent him from pulling his tongue back, Sherlock is already drooling copiously.
“He’s insane,” was all Sherlock said, but it was the first time John had ever seen a hint of fear in those brilliant silver eyes.
Once they entered the exam room, the door was closed and John took a deep breath to center himself. “Turn around for me,” the first command came, though John could tell it was a preliminary test. Many Doms had tried this with John before, giving just a little push to see how sensitive the Sub was. He assumed it was because they were just lazy arseholes who wanted to put forth the least amount of effort to get what they wanted. Most of the time he was right. This however, was much, much different.
Not wanting to go under and be completely naked and dressed by the infuriating man, John turned around and used the towel to somewhat cover his rear while he slipped on a pair of pants.
Finally, Sherlock sagged in John’s arms, appearing to have given up his attack.
“Can I talk to him?” Sherlock asked, “he might have seen something.”
“You won’t what, John?” Sherlock smirked, snaking his hand down underneath the elastic waist band of John’s trousers. The boy gasped into Sherlock’s mouth when a warm soft hand took hold of his cock and began squeezing and stroking up and down. Their kissing halted when Sherlock moved his swollen lips down to the bobbing apple of John’s throat. His sucking was obnoxiously loud but John could care less as his hips started bucking of their own accord, seeking out the friction Sherlock was giving him.
“I used my own bliss. Irene taught me how to do it, and it worked! I was able to go through the surgery without being put under.”
“What?!” Sherlock asked around the bag, shocked and gleeful at the idea of a human with warm blood and weak muscles coming into their territory.
John gave a fake smile, one Sherlock used many times, but never on him of course, and then headed towards the front of the store.
“John, I want to ask you something, okay?” he asked gently, knowing how fragile the boy’s mind was and how this revelation might be too much. John nodded, listening intently. “Why do you really blame yourself? It’s not because you think you put Sherlock in jail, is it?”
John’s eyes told him he had given into his desires and with just a little bit more pressure, the boy was under him. Knowing it was too soon to press their hips together to show John how hard he was for him, the older man only hovered above the couch, strategically placing his knee in between the boy’s legs for extra friction later. They kissed for a moment until he felt tentative hands splaying out over his flanks. At that moment he knew his John would always surprise him and challenge his deductions. Soon, he felt one of the hands slowly move over his rapidly beating heart and smiled down at the curious teenager below him.
“His name’s John! He takes care of us!” Molly provided, no doubt feeling the same need to answer. John cursed, biting his lip now when he looked over at the little girl still sitting on the younger man’s lap.
At that, Greg nodded, took his trousers off, and sat on the couch with one leg propped up. Sherlock could smell the fear coming off of the human. The stench set off something inside him, triggering a reflex that made him want to chase down his prey and hold it in his mouth until it died. He couldn’t stop the small growl that came from his throat.
It was strange, John felt so at ease kneeling on the floor, just waiting for someone to tell him what to do. He didn’t have to think about anything or worry that someone might try to hurt him. This was bad, his brain supplied, but his body felt so lax it took everything he had not to drop the Rocky Road onto the floor.
John tried to kick and punch but he only resulted in swinging himself and tormenting his own cock with the rope tied around the base. When Sherlock pushed one long finger deep inside John and wiggled it, the Doctor grunted, his face and chest turning bright red.
“That’s it,” someone said, “let’s move him to recovery.”
“Good,” she said, before her face turned dark. “Now, John, I need you to understand how serious this is. If you get caught, they cannot find out about us, is that understood?”
“Giving orders, are we? Well that’s a first,” another voice came from behind him.
“’Kay,” was all John could get out before more sobs took over. He had no idea where they were coming from either. The spanking had hurt yes, but nothing that should call up such deep emotions. “I-I-I’m s-ss-sorry,” he cried as Sherlock lifted him up from his lap and began righting his trousers.
“Here,” Sherlock held out some clothes for John to wear, but again, the git still wouldn’t turn around.
“Just a mate from school, I’ll see you later mum,” he gave his mother a quick peck on the cheek, then was out the door, digging for his phone again.
“Indeed,” Mycroft said again, though this time his tone was rather annoyed. “Now, we are leaving in ten minutes whether you are naked or clothed, so I suggest you hurry.” The older Dom left the room with a dramatic flair that rivaled that of his younger brother’s.
Sherlock knew this, as he deepened the kiss, tasting John, pure John, his John. “’m tired,” John mumbled as the kiss broke.
“Sounds good,” Greg smiled, pressing his forehead up against Mycroft’s. “Knowing that boy, I’ll be here sooner than you think.”
“Yes,” Mycroft said slowly, “Tech will be in contact within the next twenty-four hours to fit you with your tracker. After that you are free to roam anywhere but Southampton, I trust we won’t have to have this conversation again, yes?”
When he tried to pull his head up to swallow the saliva his mouth was producing gallons of, the hand kept him steady but didn’t push any harder down. John began to panic, using his arms as leverage to push up but was met by Sherlock sitting up and pulling him up to the head of the bed, while his mouth was still being impaled by the man’s cock. “Whaaa vwaa Fwuuuk” John tried to yell around the flesh in his mouth, but was now lying flat on his belly, head propped up, arms locked under Sherlock’s thighs, and his face right in the man’s crotch with a hand on the back of his head and one on his convulsing throat.
“Sher!” Molly shouted again, finally wiggling free from John’s embrace and running over to stand next to the man.
“Will you unchain me in the morning?”
The door opened and John froze, closing his eyes together to listen and feel what was going on behind his back. “Ah Gregory, I wasn’t expecting you,” Mycroft said, his voice deceptively calm. “Is everything alright?”
“Thank you,” Sherlock smiled, deciding he was thankful for John’s innovativeness because his ears were really starting to inhibit him from doing his experiments. “However, I do believe you have started something that we cannot finish now.”
“I’m fine,” John and Sherlock spoke at the same time. Mycroft merely chuckled and stood up, placing his hands on his hips. “You are both going to go into the kitchen and eat the meal Devon has prepared for you. I don’t want to hear any arguing or whining either, is that understood?”
When the bag was half gone, John pulled it away, much to Sherlock’s dismay. “Give it back!” Sherlock demanded, but knew better than to attack his sire. At that moment, John knew why vampires got stronger with age. If the young ones were as powerful as John, they would be unstoppable in their quest for blood.
“Dr. John Hamish Watson,” Sherlock said walking into the flat and closing the door. “I believe you did this, yes?” He held up his hand where the small scar now resided.
“No ma’am,” he shook his head, but there was a smile on his face. He brought over a plate with a peanut butter and banana sandwich. “You can have some tomorrow for a snack after lunch - no, no pouty lips, you know that doesn’t work on me.”
“I’m glad,” and John could hear the smile in Sherlock’s voice when he placed the mobile back on the table. “Would you like to try and call your mum again?”
All he knew was when a Dom laces their voice with whatever catalyst drug inside them, it sends a Sub to their knees in a split second, making them pliant and…well, submissive. Luckily though, John’s Receptor never seemed to pick up on the full effect. The strongest sensation he’d ever had from a direct order was a slight tingle down his back, making him laugh when his father tried to command him again.
At least the food was good. Tikka masala from Taj Mahal. It had taken Kate all of five minutes to realize she could cook three things and two of them started with the word Kraft. If the line outside the Taj Mahal was any indication, she wouldn’t poison Sherlock on his first night home, so take-out it was.
When Lestrade appeared at the door, John watched as Sherlock’s features realigned themselves into stone. The moment had passed; Sherlock shook him off and went to ring Mycroft.
He traced the delivery to a flower shop in Shepherd’s Bush where the order had been placed by a young man.
“My cigarette . . .” “It’ll burn itself out. It’s time you quit smoking again. A man should only have one vice at a time.”
Sherlock smiled. John recognised that smile. It was the one Sherlock used to nick the last piece of toast, the one that let John forgive him a hundred trespasses, the one that sooner or later would get John into his bed.
John sat in the white armchair for an hour each week and told Ella Thompson everything. He filled the hours with tales of his childhood, his training at Bart’s (equal parts terrifying and exhilarating), the first girl he ever fucked (also equal parts terrifying and exhilarating). And today, because he was tired and running out of things to say, he told her about the corporal he met in Afghanistan – the one with enough shrapnel in his right leg to spend two weeks in hospital at Camp Bastion, but not enough to be invalided home. The one he’d played cribbage with each evening on the ward, the board propped on the sheets, drinking weak tea and counting 15-2s and 15-4s until the head sister sent John back to barracks.
“Boyfriend sounds so . . . I don’t know . . . adolescent. I loved him though. Wanted him too – not that he deserved it – selfish self-centered prick that he was.”
"Sod off," John said, panting a little, pain shooting up his arm. He tried to flex his hand and winced. “Who were you snogging just then? Me? Or Simon bloody Lockwood?”
I pull the drapes closed and the room is black except for the green glow from the clock radio on the nightstand. He sprays the bed and a few seconds later, large splashes of bright blue luminescence appear in the centre. It only lasts a minute and the room is dark again. He sprays the floor beside the bed and there is a large ring of luminescence around a dark unlit centre.
“I took all the necessary precautions – I’m not an amateur, Mycroft.”
"Come here," John murmurs, and Sherlock turns toward him, wrapping one hand around the back of John’s neck and kisses him softly. John leans up on an elbow, tilting his head, deepening the kiss. He runs his hand down the length of Sherlock’s body as he pulls the covers up over both of them. He falls asleep with his hand on the curve of Sherlock’s hip.
“Like a dog?”
John was going to be sick. Again. He left the room and found the toilet at the end of the hall. When he came back, the sour taste of bile lingering in his mouth, he watched as Sherlock pocketed the envelope. John coughed and Sherlock turned and looked at John, his eyes sad and full of something that ached like a bruise.
Sherlock pulled John close. “I am doing no such thing. I am wondering though, when we can stop talking about babies and start talking about things that really matter. Like dinner.” He gestured to the bed. “And . . . bed. We need to make the most of these last few moments of freedom before . . .”
Sherlock turned his hand over and twined his fingers with John’s.
The last bit of fog in his brain lifted, trailing out the window, the leaves falling from the trees, skittering along the ground, swirling up again when they caught a gust of chilly air, settling back down on the grass, the garden, the hives.
“Both.”
“What does that have to do with – oh, you mean my sister.” Her face reddens. “Not lately, no.”
His body is not as forgiving as I am. There are more surgeries, more antibiotics, and for days words like ventilator and best-case scenario crackle in the air like storm warnings.
John Watson had married Anna Ashcroft.
“Not exactly. Look, it’s too hard to explain on the phone. Can you pick me up at my hotel? I need to ask you some questions. About the night Sherlock was shot.”
“I’m sure the taxi ride was tiring . . .”
Sherlock snorted. “Faith. You of all people should know faith is irrelevant. What we need is a line of inquiry – a misstep – a small deviation in his plan. And we will find it.”
“Yes.” He went back to typing.
“For God’s sake, stop blathering and just give it to me.”
“Wait . . .” he managed between gasps.
rainy.
They chatted about nothing for another thirty minutes. John gave Lestrade his word he’d text him whenever his nibs came out of the bedroom and Mrs. Hudson walked him down the stairs.
fine. Finally.
“Now? They’ve had the body for hours. Bloody hell.”
She found his blog again and scrolled down to the last entry she’d read about the Baskerville case. She wandered around the blog, reading about their other cases (not quite convinced the stories were entirely factual), until she got to the one about John’s wedding.
), a copy of the obituary (
“Yeah, well, now it’s re-arranged. You’ll have to wait until tomorrow to see him.”
“Then it will get infected and you will die.” John pressed an alcohol swab against Sherlock’s head. “And you’ll have a scar.” John laid his hand on Sherlock’s chest.
On the sidewalk, she hailed a cab and headed back to the hotel. She settled back in the seat, pulled her phone from her purse and texted home.
Sherlock took a taxi home, stopping under Vauxhall Bridge to set things in motion. He was dismayed to find that no one had ever heard of Freddy the Torch, but he found three familiar faces he could trust. He realised he was running against an unseen clock of his own making. Each step smudged his past – the present – which would in turn fuck up the future. Or would it? He opened the window and let the smells of London refocus his resolve. It all hinged on one fact. One string to be unraveled so it all could be set right.
“Will I be able to make sense of it?”
Kate nodded and stepped back. “Yeah, it sucks.” She watched as Sherlock walked over to stand beside John. “You two seem good, though.”
“I am not a child, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said.
wife. . . ”
Sherlock felt his heart shred. He wanted to take John to bed and show him a thousand ways why he would never leave him. “I know,” he said.
John put his hands to his ears when the pounding started again. “Christ, who the hell is that?”
Sherlock closed his eyes. Bent over and rested his elbows on his knees. “Something about a bridge, crossing a bridge . . . John, another shot please.”
Lestrade recited and Sherlock listened. The more he listened, the more confused he became. Not because the murder was so complicated, but because he didn’t recognise any of it. Until now, everything was exactly as he remembered it. Mrs. Hudson, the flat, John, even the pork dumplings at Wing Fa. If Lestrade hadn’t solved the murder so quickly that afternoon, he wouldn’t have been available for this new case. It seemed to Sherlock that he was changing his past – his memories – by living them again. Not only with John . . .
“Not yet. I’ve left more messages.  His lab is at all away a conference. We’ll find something soon, I promise.” She was a terrible liar. “Good-bye, John,” she added and hung up.
“I wish I’d told her. About us.” John rubbed at his eyes with his free hand. “I wanted to, you know, I just never knew how to start. My family was never good with . . . talking. And then she got sick . . .”
“Yes, you think. That’s all you do. What is that thing you said to me?
“No, you are not.”
“This is your childish way of punishing me, isn’t it? I won’t beg for it, you know.”
A long twenty minutes later, she pulled up in front of Speedy’s. “Here you go, then.” She turned to look at Kate. “He’s not what everything thinks he is. He may not have invented Moriarty, but he’s still hiding something. Top of the list is who shot him. Ask the freak
Sherlock turned away, trying not to leap over all obstacles to John’s chair and unwound his scarf instead. “No one in need of a doctor today?”
“I have Google, you have your brother. Same difference.”
Greg closed his eyes. “Fuck, Molly. Have you told them?”
“You’re on blood thinners, aren’t you? Lots and lots of them, right?”
“No wine. And no whining.”
“Stop apologizing. It’s an appalling habit you Canadians have. Where are my biscuits?”
– to her. Always.”
He tried the second drawer (pants, socks, two forks and a copy of National Geographic), then the third (jumpers, ties, and a collection of takeaway menus). No slides.
“Heart
“John’s military background, although useful on countless occasions, can be an impediment during this initial planning stage.” Sherlock frowned and touched his forehead. “Do you think these stitches are too tight?”
We found this place by accident. Sherlock was badly hurt and all I was looking for was a peaceful place for us to die. I didn’t plan on living without him. I’d done that once and knew I couldn’t do it again. I laid him in the back seat of Mycroft’s Bentley and drove all night. And somehow ended up here.
“Oh for crying out loud!”
“Oh, you’re awake.” Sherlock stood in the doorway, wrapped in an apron. And a robe.
“Venue?”
“I suppose.” John didn’t look convinced. “Shouldn’t we talk to Lestrade?” He moved his plate away from Sherlock’s hand.
“Inspector Lestrade picked up John quite early, so it’s just you and Sherlock today,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Something to do with a new case, I expect. I had to push him out the door, poor dear, he hates leaving Sherlock alone.”
“He listens to you more than most.”
“Yeah?”
think. Too much.”
“My brother is reckless.”
She leaned forward. “And you never saw Anna Ashcroft’s picture?”
“It will get better.” Sherlock’s voice was shaky too. “I have read extensively on the subject over the past several weeks.”
The bathroom is empty. No one hiding behind the clear plastic shower curtain.
“Sherlock says I’m to let you in.”
He looked at Sherlock. “Oi. You. Shut up.” He said it louder than he meant to.
“You mentioned that.”
She flipped the coin in the air.
Kate stood and walked over to John. “Congratulations.” John stood and Kate hugged him. “Good luck with this one, though.”
John was trying hard not to feel like he was being crushed from the inside, trying very hard to remember how to breathe. “My guess is that the other partner, the one who thought he had been wronged, said things he didn’t really mean.” He took a breath. “I didn’t know how to take them back.” John glanced down at his watch. “Shit. I have to get back.” He pushed the chair away from the table and stood.
Mycroft frowned. “No. He doesn’t have the clearance.”
“She asked if you and I were – well, you know. It seemed important to her, for some reason . . .” He looked up at Sherlock. “You don’t give a shite, do you?”
John followed Sherlock through the bedroom door and stopped. Pulled his hand from Sherlock’s. Sherlock continued toward the dresser, turning on the lamp.
“I observe. The particulars are just beyond my control.”
He felt something break inside him, felt a lump in his throat and a shredded pain in his heart. He stumbled back and sank into his chair. He couldn’t have been given this chance with John only to have Moriarty snatch it back. The universe could not be that cruel.
A pain shot through Sherlock’s heart. Mycroft was ten years cold in the plots in Sussex next to their parents. “Yeah, I’d like to see that. Please, call him.”
Some nights, before it had all come crashing to earth, they might have never made it to the bedroom. Some nights Sherlock had just shoved him to the floor or against the table. Some nights John would insist they turn off the lights and climb into bed properly, “like civilized humans,” to which Sherlock would usually roll his eyes and walk slowly to the bedroom, taking off every bit of clothing before he stopped at the door. Seduction had been a line of scientific inquiry for which John had been more than willing to serve as lab rat.
“So who is she?”
. She explained hockey (
“No.” Regret burned behind John’s eyes. “She never said anything.” He cleared his throat to keep his voice from breaking. “I miss her. I don’t miss worrying about her and I don’t miss feeling guilty. I miss talking to her.”
“Stop that.”
John cleared his throat. “No disrespect, but it’s not you I want to talk to. It’s Sherlock. There are things I want to tell him, things I need to ask –” He looked down and rubbed at a rust-coloured spot on his trousers.
Sherlock closed his eyes.
He smiled, pulled up the sleeve of his shirt and held out his arm. “Dad’s watch.”
“Earlobes?”
“Yes, of course you lot missed it. But how did I?”
Mycroft rose from the seat, careful not the touch any surface. “Words are power, John. They can be the bridge that rescues you or the rope that hangs you.” He placed a hand on John’s shoulder. “I leave you to your evening.” He followed Anthea to the door, already on the phone.
Kate wondered how much whiskey it would take before Mrs. Hudson would tell her everything. Everything she knew at least. “Yes, that’s why I’m here. Partly . . .”
It was a sensible plan from whichever way she looked at it. Greg was right. She needed to grow up, accept that she couldn’t win every battle, no matter how right she was.
Kate sighed.
“And you didn’t see who did it?” Lestrade asked. For possibly the twentieth time.
“I am not going to confront my wife . . .”
“You know who that is?” Kate gestured toward the statue of a young man in mid stride, prosthetic leg trailing behind.
“Don’t believe everything you read –and don’t expect too much from Sherlock right now.”
Sherlock took two steps and turned back to Mycroft. “Thank you.”
*****
The recessional was
“If I agree to this,” Sherlock repeated, “then you agree to leave John alone.”
“Not so dead.” John wanted to shake Sherlock for not getting it already. “Well, he’s dead, yes. Shot. Shot up rather.” John dropped his arms and stepped back, exhausted. “He’s connected to this. Talk to Molly.”
“Well, whatever it was, I’m sure it was very wise.”
“She’s good, John,” and squeezed his hand. “Really. If you must worry about something, worry about the weather. Harry’s got her heart set on an outdoor wedding. Seen too many rom-coms, I suspect . . .” She tilted her head. “You haven’t said a word about it. Does that mean you’re really okay with it? You’re not angry?”
“Sure. Thanks.” She took a sip. Not Molson. Not cold. Not good. “It’s good,” she lied. “Different.”
I retrieve the half-empty bottle of Jameson from the kitchen, rinse two glasses and set them on the table beside Sherlock’s chair.  I fill my glass, sink into my chair and wait for Sherlock.
“Yeah, okay.” John slumped back in the cab and stared out the window. They’d gone a few blocks when he asked, “Do you know The Blind Beggar?”
The episode ended (exactly as Sherlock had predicted) and John carried their empty plates out to the kitchen. “Tea?” he called back at Sherlock.
You’re doing it again.
John froze. Because it dawned on him that he had been three steps away from ravaging Sherlock in his sleep. And also because that voice, the one he’d heard countless times in his dreams, the one he thought he’d never hear again, raked against his chest, making him hard in a moment.
“Go get someone! He’s got a knife to Joann!”
“Stop it,” John batted his hand away and finally squirmed away from what appeared to be a giant octopus with four long tentacles all reaching for him. “I can’t miss this test…wait-” Suddenly, as he was standing naked with come dripping out of his arse and down his leg, John realized they were not the only people in the flat. “Archie, oh God, he’s awake! And missing! Sherlock, what have you done?”
“Did what?” John asked, thoroughly confused.
Mycroft turned John’s head to look up at him, noting the receding pupils. “Just a little bit more,” he said, easily going against the Sub’s attempt to stop him.
“Where is he? Why did you stop my surveillance on him? I haven’t seen any pictures of him for two years, Mycroft! Two years!” It had killed Sherlock the first month he’d stopped receiving updates, but he was so deep undercover they would have killed him if he tried to leave. It was horrible but Sherlock had done everything he was supposed to, according to Mycroft, and now he needed John more than air. At least, that’s how Sherlock felt, five years without breathing and now the air was right in front of him but he still couldn’t inhale until he possessed it again.
Sherlock did as he was told, again, something in his mind compelling him to follow John’s orders even though the young vampire wanted to resist. The cold blood felt terrible going down, as it always did, but he could feel his body responding, growing stronger.
Although, the DI was a smart man and most likely knew everything that was happening to John, he just couldn’t bring himself to ask, which again, Mycroft was more than thankful for.
“I know, John. Everything is forgiven, I promise,” Sherlock rubbed the Sub’s back gently. The little gesture was too reminiscent of his mother taking care of him when he was sick…
John stood next to Sherlock in front of a crowd of at least thirty people. Some were reporters, while others were just passersby or readers of the paper. He had a nice white dress shirt with a blue tie and black slacks, but John still squirmed under the attention.
“Hello John, you don’t have to be afraid of me,” he told the boy, who looked smaller in real life than he did in the pictures and surveillance tapes. Mycroft watched, both sad and awestruck, as the two people in front of him calmed immediately as they embraced. Sherlock had become agitated from their conversation but was now losing the tension in the wrinkles around his eyes and the mounds of his shoulders. The worst part of the scene before him though, was how John, who had two casts on, no doubt Sherlock’s tactic for making the boy dependent, some sort of cock ring based on the slight tenting of the duvet, and naked with two grown men in the room seemed to melt as soon as his younger brother put an arm around the small shoulders.
John's POV one month after Mycroft's visit.
“Sherlock, please,” John begged quietly. “I promise I’ll be good, just please let’s get out of here.”
The hungry vampire didn’t care though, the punch feeling like a soft breeze, and he pinned the hunter’s neck with his teeth. Sucking as hard as he could, blood filled Sherlock’s mouth and cooled the burning fire in his belly and settled the ache in his teeth. His prey twitched and batted at his sides, but none of that mattered, soon it would be dead and Sherlock could take the rest of its blood in peace.
A week ago, Sherlock had experimented on the differences between the hair on John’s head, armpits, arms, legs, chest, and groin to see which was his favorite. It was a tie between the thick patch around his perfect cock and the soft blonde hair that Sherlock could run his hand through every day and never get tired. Yes, John was his favorite experiment and never once failed to keep the detective’s interest.
John's POV directly after chapter 7. A little bit of smut. A little bit of plot.
“Y-yes, sir, be a ghost, got it,” he grabbed the items and scurried off to plant the evidence.
“My God,” Mycroft whispered to himself, as he gazed at the dilated pupils with only a thin ring of silver bordering the blackness.
“Our first order of business is getting John back!” Sherlock snapped at his brother.
“Yes, yes, sure,” John repeated, assuming Molly was so drugged out of her mind she didn’t know what she was saying. They needed to leave, now. “We’re leaving now, come on.”
Another gift from the Heavens above was that Sherlock had discovered his John desired and could possibly live off of praise, especially from his lover. It made the shift from captor and captured to lover and lover easy on both him and the teenager who melted every time he’d been called a ‘good boy’ or a ‘brave boy.’ He had to admit to himself that the praising and positive rewards had been used in overkill, even for him, but when John’s eyes went from depressed or sad to happy or even bashful…well, let’s just say John’s body wasn’t the only thing Sherlock had become addicted to. In all honesty, he knew he had come to depend on the boy just as much as John had come to depend on him for life support.
“But Molly is in there too, Jim, we can’t just set the house on fire. Are you mad?!” Mike exclaimed, panic in his voice.
“Yeah, I was pumping it out pretty strong at the end there after my trouser leg caught on fire. Hey,” John remembered, “how are Jim and Greg?”
that the older Dom had that scowl on his face, making him look like he smelled something disgusting. “You and I both know how much is invested into this project. All of it lies on his head now, and if something happens to him-“
John looked up, panicked at being questioned. “It’s okay, convince him, John. Convince him just like you would me,” Sherlock grimaced at the comparison but knew there was no better way to get John’s mind in the right place.
“Shhh,” Sherlock cooed at him.
soothed the pain he’d brought upon himself. He lied their looking up at the ceiling, his eyes becoming heavy until he finally fell back asleep, knowing that Sherlock was the only one who was there to save him.
“Oh John, relax,” Sherlock hushed him as he went over to double check the chains weren’t digging into John’s flesh. “The council won’t find out. They think I’ve already disposed of your body. I considered telling them you just ran off to another district, but let’s face it, there was no way someone like you could escape me.”
“You smell…so…good,” Sherlock growled, lunging once more. His limbs seemed to lose all control as they tried to get away from his sire and sink his teeth into Greg. This wasn’t supposed to happen. Sherlock had more control than this. He was supposed to lure Greg in, let his prey think he was safe just before he attacked. But right now, Sherlock was acting like a feral animal.
John felt and heard every slap of his foot as it hit the cold tile. The sound seemed to echo through the halls the same way the shouts from behind him echoed into his ears. “John, Stop!” Sherlock shouted, but even though he felt compelled to stop and kneel down on the floor, he knew if he did, that fucking lead would be clipped to his collar. So John kept running; to where, he had no idea, but he kept his feet moving nonetheless.
Sherlock sighed at the sight in front of him, it irritated the detective at how much empathy he felt for this human being, this one boy who was simple in every aspect and at the same time extraordinary in all ways. He could feel his heart ache and he hated it, swearing he would find a way to forbid John from feeling these horrible emotions, which were then inadvertently evoked upon Sherlock himself.
Sherlock walked slowly towards John, who was now so pale he thought the teenager might disappear altogether.
“Fine,” they both said at the same time, causing Greg to laugh.
He didn’t know what to say.
“Sh sh sh,” Sherlock cooed to him like he was a baby.
Seeing the terrified and confused look on the Sub’s face, Mycroft softened his features. The man scooted his chair forward and placed a hand on John’s knee. “John, you saved my brother’s life. I don’t,” he stopped and cleared his throat, collecting himself. “I don’t know if he would have made it if you were not there. I am in your debt, so please believe me when I say I just want to help you.”
“That is splendid news, John,” Mycroft clapped his hands once and stood up. “Thank you,” he said in a more serious tone. Both men knew that John had just taken another bullet to save Sherlock. “I’ll send Mr. Lestrade in and then talk to your doctors.”
John kept his eyes glued to the remote, even as Mycroft went back to the sofa and sat down.
“Agreed,” Sherlock nodded, but gave John a sympathetic smile.
Sherlock still hadn’t said anything since he had woken John up two days ago. This made the car ride home even more awkward. John sat in the middle as he always did, but he desperately missed the warm hand that caressed his neck. Now that he didn’t have a collar on, his neck felt so bare, making him shiver from the chill that ran along his naked skin.
“Tell me what happened, Sherlock,” he demanded, looking at his watch to see they had five minutes before the flat was raided and all hell broke loose.
On his second go, John could see all the Doctors and the Subs who were able look up to see the source of the noise. When the little boy on the floor looked up in awe, John was satisfied in showing the young Sub he was not alone. His satisfaction was cut short though when a loud siren went off and suddenly, the chemical smell began filling the air, trying to subdue any
John shot up and pressed his hands to his mouth, feeling skin that had formed a barrier over the opening. “Mmmm,” John screamed at Sherlock, who had a kind smile on his face. It was as if the man didn’t even care John had somehow grown an organic muzzle.
“That’s very simple,” she said, pulling a file out of her brown leather bag. She flipped it open and began flipping through the contents. “John Hamish Watson, Sub of Mycroft Holmes, sixteen years two months and twenty-two days old, brother of one Harriet Jane Watson, son of both James and Marie Watson, 5’4, 102lb, blue eyes, blonde hair, birthmark on left upper thigh, favorite food-”
John groaned as he was lifted off one bed and put onto another, softer one. “Bring yourself out of it, John. Slowly,” Irene told him, running a hand through his sweaty matted hair. “Keep just a little bit, that’s it.”
Moving downward, Sherlock ran his hands simultaneously down the sides of John’s ribs to his hips. Everything seemed just like a human, but when the hunter pressed his ear to the vampire’s chest, he heard nothing.
“Oh God,” John whispered, opening his eyes quickly to examine his surroundings. He was still in Sherlock’s room, it was dark outside, only a single ray of moon light shown through the slat in the curtains, but most importantly, his kidnapper was nowhere to be found.
“I am not sweet!”
Hello and welcome to one of the most depressing chapters I've ever written. Please check the tags for updated warnings because John has, for the lack of a better term, cracked and gone into a deep depression.
“We don’t have video but the audio picked up from John’s mobile indicates the boy was the one who shot Moriarty, Sir.”
“Ow!” John yelped, but turned on the tap. “What is it with you and biting?”
“Give John back,” Sherlock read, holding the note so the Sub could see the scribbling on the crumbled up parchment.
Sherlock sped up his hand, slowly stoking up and down his thigh with the other as he pictured himself kissing that insecure look off his John’s face. He wouldn’t stop until the boy was moaning and begging for forgiveness for his own doubtfulness. John was his now and no lover of ‘The World’s Only Consulting Detective” would feel anything but pure ecstasy. “You. Are. Mine,” the man choked out as his hips arced off the sofa, picturing the small blonde boy sitting on his lap and thrusting into him, forcing his seed as far in as physically possible. “Forever,” Sherlock gasped, smearing the white liquid into his chest and all over figment John’s back, marking the boy who was panting and moaning in his mind, begging him for more.
“Oh John,” Sherlock whispered as he looked upon what he had deemed ‘John’s Wall,’ which had all the pictures he had found on the internet and the ones his beautiful innocent boy had sent him from the dressing room two days earlier. Those pictures that John had sent of his own volition in his short purple briefs, which Sherlock had asked,
John paused, shocked at the man’s confession of love. He racked his brain trying to remember if Sherlock had ever said that before but he came up empty. “You’ve never said that…that you loved me.”
“John? John!” his sister shouted and the next thing John knew, he was pulled into a giant bear hug by a very smelly Harry. “Oh my God, you’re alright. I can’t believe it! Jim, hey, Jim!” she called, keeping John at arms length as she did.
With one hand clinging to his towel like his life depended on it, John grabbed the fresh clothes and then stared at Sherlock expectantly. It took a moment of them both looking into each other’s eyes,
John, on the other hand, just stayed on his back, but the one thing Mycroft did note, was that the boy had his arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock’s as it lay on his ribs. The eldest Holmes watched the two boys for a moment, noticing how young they both were. Sherlock had barely broken twenty, and John was but a mere sixteen. They were both too young to be put through such trauma. They would have to though, Mycroft knew, if things were going to change for the better.
Finally, his answer came. “Ah, John, you’re awake,” came the deep voice that had once calmed him and sent delicious chills up his spine. He looked up to see Sherlock standing in a white blood stained apron, the kind John had only seen in horror films like ‘The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.’ “I’ll have to use a bit more anesthesia this time,” the man smiled and John noticed he was rolling in a metal tray with very, very dangerous looking medical tools perfectly lined up in a row.
“This will be much less painful if you relax, John,” Sherlock said, his voice a bit more engaged rather than the aloofness John had experienced only moments ago. Suddenly, there was weight shifting above him and John opened his eyes just in time to see a hand braced by his head, parallel to a new pressure against the side of his hips and thighs from Sherlock’s inner calves.
“No!” John accidentally shouted, “I mean no, no thank you. I think I can find my way.”
Since I left you guys with a pretty nasty cliffhanger, I thought I'd give you another chapter early. Plus, this chapter has an even worse cliffhanger, so again, please forgive me for my sadistic tenancies.
“You’re doing so good John. Try and take a little more. I want to feel you swallow around me, just like I did to you. Didn’t that feel good?” Sherlock was almost breathless from what John was doing to him, but the boy didn’t think he would be able to take anymore even if he wanted to, which he did, he really really did. He continued sucking, working his tongue around aimlessly and moved his hand faster over the base that he couldn’t reach, until he felt a slight pressure at the back of his head. “That’s it, open up your throat for me,” he heard as the spongy tip poked the back of his throat, forcing his eyes to squeeze shut and his throat muscles to contract violently. It took everything he had not to accidentally bite down from the sudden involuntary reaction created from the invasion.
He opened his mouth to answer but when a large hand wrapped around his half hard cock, John let out a pitiful moan. “You were so strong for your mother, such a good boy to take care of her but now it’s time to let someone else take care of you.” The words in his ears and the pleasure coming from his groin melded into one, forcing John to squeeze his eyes shut and his breath to speed up. “You don’t have to worry about proving yourself to your friends, about money, about the future, about anything because I’m here now, John and you’re mine.”
“John,” there were voices around him, too many voices, too many colors, too many people trying to grab ahold of him. It was all just too much and he needed Sherlock but he wasn’t there,
“You want to stop at the coffee shop? I brought the scholarship papers so we can fill them out together.”
Chapter 3 – Supermassive Black Hole
“Well don’t get to distracted, yeah. We’ve got tryouts in a couple of days,” they both sat down and prepared for a long day of boring.
The teen wasn’t self-conscious anymore, at least not about his body, after many ‘punishment sessions’ with Sherlock, which consisted of not being allowed to come until the man believed it when John said he agreed when Sherlock called him beautiful.
Then, Sherlock bathed him gently, kissing away any pain he’d caused during their love making. This was John’s favorite part, not because of the warm water, although it did feel wonderful, but because every iota of Sherlock’s attention was focused on him. The man would glide the flannel over his skin, leaving trailing kisses afterwards until John was half hard again. Before John was fully clean, sometimes Sherlock would jerk him off again until he came on his chest and then he would finish wiping him off.
“Sir?” John asked, confused by the statement. It didn’t feel any different from when Mycroft made him put it around his neck.
There was a rattling and then a click, signifying Sherlock was no longer alone in the house. He steeled himself, watching the net he’d rigged above the man’s head.
“I’m not a damn dog!” John shouted. He had had enough of being talked about like he wasn’t even there. His neck hurt, he was starving, he was tired, and now he had to worry about Jim and Harry, who could get caught when they tried to save him.
The sick Irish voice rang in his mind, confirming that yes, this was the only way to save himself from the punishment he had to endure because he was too weak to hold onto Sherlock, too weak to save them, too weak to be alone. Now they were both imprisoned, Sherlock in a cage and John in a life of black in white that used to be filled with beautiful pastels.
John wakes up in the Holmes' estate and learns why Mycroft and Sherlock haven't turned him over to the auction houses.
“I’m really cold, John,” a small voice came from inside a giant tan coat. It was Molly, the youngest of the runaways and also the sweetest. From what little Harry could get from the girl, they’d learned she was only six years old and both her mother and father were dead, leaving her with no Dom to claim her and nowhere to go but the Sub Auction Houses. Luckily though, Jim had helped her escape after she was purchased by a fifty year old Dom, who apparently had a nasty track record with his ‘pets.’ It was Jim, a fourteen year old sub and the best lock picker John had ever met, who saved her that day and had now taken responsibility for the newest member. Jim pulled the little girl next to his side, though, the black haired Sub didn’t have much meat on his bones too offer more heat, but he still tried.
was as thin as a slice of bread, his dead weight pulled on Greg’s shoulder. The adrenaline running through the Hunter’s veins kept him moving towards the window in haste.
“After breakfast we better head back to Southampton,” John pulled on his red pants and checkered sleep trousers that were lying on the floor but his shirt was nowhere to be found. The thought of leaving Sherlock left an ice cold blob in his stomach, but the relief of being away from the man calmed his over engaged brain.
or if you are in another country please visit this website to find your suicide hotline number: http://www.suicide.org/international-suicide-hotlines.html
“Molly,” he whispered, getting down on his hands and knees to crawl towards her. She looked over at him, her eyes lit up and a smile came across her face. “Come,” he said, holding out his hand and looking around quickly to make sure they were still alone. Thankfully, she hopped down and walked over to him, grabbing John’s hand.
Out of all the reasons he could think of, there was one that John knew was the most horrendous of all. John wanted Sherlock, because Sherlock was his now, just as much as John was his. Sherlock loved him more than life its self, and there was no way in hell John could go back to something as mediocre as normal love. He needed what the tall dark haired man gave him, and John had finally realized that if he wanted the dew of life, it would have to be sipped from Sherlock’s mouth.
“Uhhh, oh no it’s Sector 9 but I bought the wheels separate and installed them myself. They’re Abec 11’s, but I really wanted green instead of orange but they didn’t have any at the shop.” Sherlock had pulled out of the parking lot and started driving towards London, while John told him all about his longboard, how he wish he had a Penny board too, and the time he broke his wrist and two ribs when he tried to grind down the stairs at school.
Molly nodded and leaned forward, kissing John’s cheek as he kneeled in front of her. “See!” Her giggles turned hysterical now that she had just kissed a boy.
“Yes,” he said without hesitation and Mycroft tried to keep his face from falling. The boy had learned nothing and because of that he would have to prevent Sherlock from ever seeing him, at least until John was grown.
Finally in the stall, he took himself in hand and within three quick strokes he came into the toilet with Sherlock’s name on his lips and wondering what it would feel like to actually have his mate come inside him. In his mind he pictured sex to be amazing and feeling like bliss but he’d seen a few porn clips on the internet where the person on bottom was screaming, making him a bit nervous of the pain involved. However, his mind quickly turned those negative thoughts off because Sherlock was the kindest bloke he’d ever met and would never hurt him.
“Yes,” John lied, knowing if he didn’t take care of things no one else would. He averted his eyes, looking down at the white cast covering his leg. When he heard a snort from the man, he shot his gaze back up to find Sherlock beaming down at him. “What?” he tried to sound as defensive as possible.
John turned around, quickly throwing himself off the table, and effectively kicking a tray into the Dom’s stomach. He would be rather impressed with himself if he hadn’t fallen down to the floor afterwards. His head was pounding and the sight before him was getting blurry.
“Hey Matt,” John waved to the barman.
John began to drink deeply from Sherlock’s twitching form. He gently stroked Sherlock hair and ear as he held him in place, in an attempt to keep the man calm.
Okay folks, this is getting a wee bit sexy, so I hope you like it :)
“Thank you, Daniel,” she said, turning the chair around to face John. She still looked as beautiful and neatly put together as she did the first time John saw her in the hospital. “John, are you alright?”
“Are you sure?” he asked, picturing that small boy pointing a gun at the world’s most dangerous man and pulling the trigger.
“It’s true! How do you know? You weren’t there!” John shouted at him, feeling a few more pieces of himself fall off onto the table.
John felt a weight lift off his shoulders when his mother said the same thing happened to her and the fact she ended up marrying the man she couldn't stop thinking about was just icing on the cake. “Oh, don’t worry mum, he’s really smart and helps me with my homework. I think I might even pass math this year.”
John closed his eyes for only a moment, relishing in the warmth enveloping his skin, when a very naked Sherlock appeared out of nowhere standing right in front of him.
“Your prostate John, don’t they teach you anything in health class these days?” He tugged on the full bullocks in his hands, wondering briefly what they would taste like.
, John kept repeating in his head. His back was facing the person he was supposed to hate and the thing was, he wanted to be there with Sherlock. To be vulnerable and safe at the same time, just like he was when Sherlock was spanking him. His Dom never truly hurt him,
Just as Sherlock nodded off, John heard someone moving downstairs. He sniffed the air, but the scent was unfamiliar. John remembered hearing the conversation Sherlock had with Lestrade, but he questioned whether Sherlock’s brother could get her so quickly. His answer came though, when he heard a shout coming from downstairs.
“Yes,” John mumbled, and looked down at the ground.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock greeted, smiling dumbly. “To what do I owe the…erm,” he paused trying to think of what he knew he was supposed to say. “Pleasure! Yes, yes, pleasure!”
“Piss off!” John sneered, finding it easier to fight off the compulsion when he was well rested. However, his seething and thrashing only earned him an amused but intrigued look.
John empties his bladder three times that day into Sherlock's gaping arse while he has to kneel and take it, the urine spilling over and sloshing inside him until John tells him to sit up. The piss gushes out of him, running down his legs, yet he's not allowed to wash. In the evening, he feels smelly and so very filthy that he dares to beg for a shower, cowering at John's feet, his face pressed into another pool of piss that he was told to slobber up. In reply, John kicks him so hard between the legs that he almost vomits. Needless to say, Sherlock has to sleep like this, with the tunnel plug up his arse, drenched in piss, with the added humiliation of his soiled sweat pants pulled over his head. The smell of urine surrounds him as he cries himself to sleep, the sharp taste of piss lingering on his tongue.
“Hmm, he's still nicely wet and open. I might just be able to push in like this. Or would you like to have the first go, Mycroft? He's your brother, after all. I'm just a spectre at the feast.”
Sherlock slides off the desk and crawls behind Lestrade, spreading his cheeks carefully to expose a dark, furled hole. It looks delicious but Sherlock is shy at first, only tenderly circling the tip of his tongue over it. As Lestrade starts to moan and pushes back against Sherlock's face, however, he becomes bolder, licking broad stripes from Lestrade's heavy sac all the way up to his tailbone. It's getting wetter and messier, and quickly, Sherlock's face is slick with saliva.
“Don't bother.” Sherlock says. He's once again playing with the sheet.
“You have a dead, castrated paedophile in your basement, who was killed while engaging in sexual activities with a minor. As both are tied up, there must have been a third party present.”
Over the past few days, Sherlock had seemed to cope quite well. Yet, during the night they stay at the hotel in Brighton, he's restless and has trouble shutting down. It might be the unfamiliar atmosphere, being away from 221 b Baker Street, lying in a bed that's not his or John's, listening to all the strange noises surrounding them... whatever it is, Sherlock can't wind down. He tosses and turns in the sheets until John is almost climbing the walls.
“What do you mean?” John frowns.
John has to muster every ounce of mental strength at his command not to tell Mycroft exactly what fucked up games Moriarty had played with his brother. He reminds himself that the elder Holmes, for the sake of Sherlock's dignity and mental integrity, mustn't know what happened at the morgue.
“I'd love to come on your face or your arse, Sherlock, but you are too badly damaged for this. I'll come on your chest instead. Thank god those bastards didn't rip your piercings out. Lean back and stop breathing until I'm finished.”
Sherlock pressed his cheek against the top of John’s head. Then, he did something that should have made John jump up with fists ready to swing. The man placed a soft, brief kiss on top of John’s head. The teen stiffened for only a moment, shocked at the act, but soon his muscles gave into the sensations and went lax.
John understood then that Sherlock had always been there, in the corner of his mind, in the tracks of his memory, right there close enough to touch. He held onto him, trying hard to steady his voice. “Where else would I go?”
John stared at Sherlock for a minute. Kate didn’t know whether to say something or grab Greg and head to the nearest pub. She glanced back to see Greg typing madly on his phone. At least if it all went sideways, she knew Mycroft ex machina would be at the ready.
Mycroft looked at him. “I don’t have the exact date. I can access the file if you . . .”
“Nevertheless, my arse.” He looked over at Sherlock. “I’ve been poisoned and the best you lot can come up with is Tommy Pearce?”
“Weren’t we just talking about you and John?”
He’d done it. He felt his chest grow warm. He tried to remember something from the past. He saw 221B, decorated for Christmas, Mrs. Hudson dancing with Mycroft, John’s hand on his thigh . . .
dying, preventing her from using his death to explain everything that had gone wrong in her life. So far, Sherlock had tolerated her presence in the flat, busying himself in his room and or at the table, peering into his microscope at nothing particular, but his patience was wearing thin. He’d taken to leaving half-filled glasses of port scattered about the flat.
It was dark by the time he made it back from the A&E to Baker Street, his left hand encased in a plaster cast and a little lightheaded from the painkillers. He’d hoped he’d grown out of his adolescent tendency to throw a punch when he was angry. As one of the smallest boys at school, he’d learned that one well-timed punch early in the term earned him a grudging respect.
“Their parents? I don’t know why it seems so odd that Sherlock has parents. Everyone has parents. Are they –” She wasn’t sure how to put it.
“Oi, there.” John set his tea on the bedside table and took Sherlock’s chin in his hand, staring at his eyes. “Did you take your medication last night?” His other hand slid down and grasped Sherlock’s wrist. “Your heart is beating too fast.”
Sherlock nodded and fell back heavily into his chair. “I didn’t mean to ambush you.”
“Until we know exactly what’s causing this, all we can do is manage the symptoms.” Her tone was apologetic, sincere. Pessimistic.  “His breathing has become more laboured over the past hour, so we are considering intubation. We’re still hoping a liver becomes available, but the longer we wait . . .”
“So now you’ve got some strange halo vision?” In the first months after it happened, we both harboured some small hope that his sight would improve. But it never did.
Sometimes late at night, when all I hear is the sound of Sherlock’s steady breathing beside me, I wonder if the life we have now is my reward for surviving everything that went before. But then Sherlock cries out in the dark, his body sweaty and tangled in the sheets, legs kicking out against some imagined villain, and I wonder how my reward can also be his punishment.
“Why? Not in her job description?”
“She suggested you make your famous plum pudding. Why she believes you make Christmas pudding is beyond me.”
Sherlock pushed his chair back and stood. “John, I had no choice . . . Mycroft . . .” He came around the table but John held up a hand.
He bent stiffly to pick up the cane from the floor. “My mother called those piecrust promises, Dr. Thompson. Easily made, easily broken. I’ve had enough of those to last a lifetime.”
John watched Sherlock’s neck muscles contract as he drained his beer and found himself reaching across the table to brush a stray piece of rice from Sherlock’s silk shirt. Sherlock smiled at him and John had the strange feeling that Sherlock knew exactly what he was thinking. Which was confusing, because he didn’t know himself.
“She is no one.”
. She wiped a tired hand across her face. “Any questions?”
“The plan that lets me write up this mess in a way that doesn’t get me fired or killed by your wife.” She laid the glass on the table without taking a sip.
“Technology is a wonderful thing. Makes all our lives so much simpler.” Mycroft sat with his hands in his lap, trying to touch as few surfaces as possible.
“This hand holding? Is this what we do now?”
“Sorry. He’s not used to feeling helpless,” John said. He stood unsteadily. “Dr. Franklin’s waiting for me. If Sherlock decides to make an appearance, can you tell him where I am?”
“I was. Not anymore though. I’m a doctor now. Why?”
Sherlock’s hand hovered for a few long seconds before he took it.
“Oh, shut up.”
John looked over to her. “Fetch a glass of water,” he said. “Please.” John continued speaking softly to Sherlock. "It's all right. Breathe slowly. That’s it. Good." He kept talking until the worst seemed to be over. He took the glass from her and held it to Sherlock’s lips.
John was smiling at him, looking truly, deeply, happy and Sherlock thought it had been a lifetime since he’d seen John look quite like this. The tightness in his chest broke off and floated away.
“Heavens, no. She left almost an hour ago,” Mrs. Hudson said. She was collecting the dirty cups and glasses and plates scattered about the flat. “How is he?” She glanced down the hall toward the bedroom. “He gave me quite a fright. You both did. So much carrying on.”
You stand to leave but it’s too late, you hear voices in the vestibule, so you sit back down and watch as a stranger’s coffin is carried down the centre aisle by six men in ill-fitting grey suits. A weeping woman follows behind, white hair pulled back under a black lace veil. She’s carrying a bouquet of white lilies and takes small, halting steps that remind you of a bride. She lays the flowers on the coffin and collapses into a pew in the front row. There are more mourners. A priest. The smell of incense.
John pulled the desk chair in front of Sherlock and sat down opposite him. He dragged the chair closer until their knees were touching.
“It doesn’t make any sense. Sarah was an artist – she never had a steady job in her life. It was one of the few things we fought about – she always felt guilty that I was supporting her. She never believed I was happy to do it. So where did the money come from?”
Pearce had never even been charged.  There had been an unscheduled hearing behind closed doors. Dishonourable discharge –
“Just listen. Is there any way Mycroft could know the baby isn’t John’s? Would he tell him if he knew?”
“No, not really,” Sherlock whispered into John’s fingers. “But please keep in mind, I am recently released from hospital.”
, Sherlock had said.
He began the piece he wrote for John, his fingers moving blind and flawless over the strings. This John had never heard it, he’d written not long after John had moved to Sussex.
“—not to be approached. Her name will not appear in any report.”
I get between his legs and move his hand off his cock and finger his balls and he rewards me with the same growl. I bend my head and flick my tongue over his swollen tip and he reaches out and threads his fingers through my hair, pulling me down onto his cock. I take it in, sucking and licking and I reach up his shirt and twist his nipple. He presses my head harder and I rake my teeth up his shaft. He moves a bit and braces his hands on either side of his hips and thrusts upward with the same rhythm as I am sucking him.
Sherlock sighed. “Use mine.”
“Oh yes, dear. I forget. You sound so American.”
Sherlock turned to John. “It will always matter why.” He took out his own phone and texted something short. “And you do not have seventeen hours. I will not allow it.”
Hospital waiting rooms were the same everywhere. Uncomfortable chairs, bad fluorescent lighting, terrible coffee. She wasn’t sure why she stayed, just a vague half-formed feeling that she shouldn’t leave John on his own. So she waited. Every half hour she’d go outside and check Sherlock’s phone for a message from Chloe. Still nothing.
He began scrolling through the phone. If he was surprised by anything he read, he didn’t let on. It was only after she brought him the tea that he looked up.
Mycroft could only breathe a little, but it was enough to push out the words, “Oh, do make up your mind, John.”
“Mycroft, you know I don’t respond well to threats.”
?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John wasn’t sure why he felt the need to make small talk. “Have you worked for Mycroft long?”
John’s shoulders began to shake. Sherlock leaned forward and rested his hand on John’s shoulder. “Sorry.” He took a breath. “Sorry,” he repeated, his voice thick.
After fifteen minutes, she turned the corner and saw the hospital in front of her. She couldn’t help but look up and imagine Sherlock standing on the ledge.
“But don’t you see?” Kate asked, her voice rising. “You think this is about John and Mary, but it isn’t. Not really. It’s not even about you. You’re all just pawns in Magnussen’s game. You must see that . . .”
“Until very recently, there was a rug here. Dark blue, unusually long fibres.”
Chapter makes reference (however obliquely) to missing hospital scene between Sherlock and Magnussen.
“Barely,” he said. “Fifth metacarpal.  You?”
“It’s fine.” He wished he had a quid for every time he’d said
He swallowed what was left of the beer and headed out of the tavern and back to his room. With luck, there’d be just enough cocaine left in the vial under the mattress to get him through the night.
“What do you know about my brother?” Sherlock frowned.
“Juvenile,” he said dismissively, but the furrow between his brows deepened.
“Yes, I know that, but it’s just that the initial test results were weird.”
“Yes, you will.” John gave Sherlock a look that was almost a smile and Kate knew they weren’t talking about morphine any longer. Sherlock’s tumble on the landing and the blood and that long moment between scared to death and just scared had done what an hour of talking could never do.
“Yes. DI Lestrade?”
She was beginning to understand his methods too. She rocked back on her heels, thought for a second. “You’re keeping tabs on her. Cloned her phone. Probably hacked her computer too. You know she didn’t send the text because you would have seen it. ”
“Why did Gran die?”
His new flat was shite. Too small, too damp, too depressing. But it was close to the clinic where he’d just been hired, closer still to The Blind Beggar, a pub as cheap as it was anonymous. The blog had made him, if not as recognizable as Sherlock, vaguely familiar to almost everyone he met. In the fortnight after Sherlock’s death, he’d refused to leave Baker Street. Greg had stayed with him at first, pouring whiskey and playing nursemaid. But after the funeral—he’d never forgive Sherlock’s parents for not attending—he hadn’t gone back. Mrs. Hudson packed up John’s clothes and the computers and sent them on to his sister’s. He spent days trying to hack his way into Sherlock’s laptop, but Sherlock had locked everyone out. He thought about asking Mycroft, but that would mean giving him first dibs on what was hidden there. He knew it was sentimental and stupid, but John had hoped to find something Sherlock had written about him – about
“Not even for you, John.” Sherlock pulls at my shoulders and I reluctantly crawl my way up his body until my head is tucked into his chest. He wraps a long leg around my arse. Sighs and absently strokes my nipple.
The door closed behind Kate before she realized she was standing in the hallway.
“So what you’re saying, John, is that you only want my help now that you no longer need it.”
“Yeah?”
Molly had recently tried to convince John of the healing powers of yoga. He’d gone once, if only to make her stop looking at him as if he were about to take a header off the nearest ledge. She always looked so guilty, as if she’d pushed Sherlock herself.
“I always know you’re here, John. Always.” Sherlock took john’s hand and headed toward the bedroom. John managed to flip off the bathroom light as they passed.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock. What have the fuck have you done?”
He slid into the chair opposite her, unwinding his scarf. “I’d pay a small fortune if I could get them to ship these overseas.” He fingered another one off the plate and lifted it to his mouth.
“Not sure. It all sounds rather . . . packaged.” He looked nervous.
Kate sighed. “I can’t believe this is news to you. I’ve been in London for three days and I know more about Mary than you two. Your wife works for him, John. Or did, anyway. I didn’t get all the details, I was too busy trying to escape.”
They arrived at the church half an hour before the funeral started. John still didn’t understand why they were there. Sherlock had refused to explain, saying only that it had nothing to do with a case. Nothing to do with
He’d left his laptop on the kitchen table, and he took it into the living room and sat on the couch with a glass of water and a blanket. It was all routine by now. On mornings like these, he kept his mind busy and crammed with static to keep from remembering the nightmares.  Reading helped. He’d started writing again too. Not the blog, not yet. Instead, he’d sketched out the outline of a book about his time in Afghanistan. He was rubbish at writing anything longer than a blog post, but he was trying.
When he woke up, John was sitting on the edge of the bed, holding his hand, looking worried. “Sherlock?”
He looked back at John. “You’re hovering.”
After an eternity, Sherlock falls back onto his arse and I feel my legs dangling over the edge of the table. The air hits my cock, still twitching and I’m not sure whether to roll off, or just stay there forever.
“I’m fine,” he repeated. “John will be back soon. Let’s move on, shall we?”
Sherlock sat on the arm of the chair beside John, tapped the screen and showed him. The boy on the screen looked seven or eight – curly black hair, small round face, white polo shirt under a green sweatshirt. The boy smiled and picked up a large piece of poster board and held it in front of him for thirty seconds. It read:
John took the glass. “Yeah. Ta.” He drained the glass in one swallow.
She tapped on the music icon. He had several playlists, mostly classical. A genius playlist called
“Doing what?” he lies.
John snorted. “Sorry.” He stood. “So, same time next week?”
Sherlock looked puzzled. “Why would Mycroft want to get you out of town? Someone like you would hardly be in his crosshairs.”
It was his own fault, of course, he knew that. He’d broken the rules, the rules he’d insisted on when this whole thing started. He had calculated risks and contingencies and timelines. He’d spent his life doing that. Keeping track of time. Counting weeks, measuring months, marking the years. He’d done it since he was a little boy. The future had been too large and too uncertain, so he divided time into fractions and looked for constants, found common denominators, calculated probabilities. One month to his birthday, two weeks before school let out, four days until Christmas.
“Is it about Sarah? You found something?”
Mycroft was still talking. “So we have an understanding then.” It wasn’t a question. It was never a question.
Sherlock stood in front of the wardrobe, fingering a purple silk shirt and admiring his taste. God, he missed having somewhere to go. “Fancy a little dim sum?”
“What’s wrong with Starbucks?”
When she looked up, both Sherlock and John were staring at her. “What? It was voicemail – what was I supposed to say?”
Kate finally makes it past the gatekeeper . . .
A movement by the door caught his eye and he watched with surprise as Mrs. Hudson gave him a wink and quietly closed the door.
“That’s classified. Now do I need to intervene?”
When he opens the door, Greg is leaning against the car, hands in his pockets, collar turned up against the cool night air. He offers John a shy smile, a small lift of his shoulders.
Only it wasn’t from Harry this time.
“If what Mycroft tells me is true, then Sherlock’s not far wrong about him.”
“Sherlock, tell me you’re not going to –”
“What about you?”
John shook his head. “He thinks you are a bad idea.”
Sherlock blew out a breath. “I don’t know. He’s only had two doses so far. ” John’s voice had gone silent over the last two hours. He didn’t want to think what that meant.
“Sherlock . . .” Lestrade laid a hand on Sherlock’s knee. “He’s going to make it. You got the antidote. The rest can wait.”
John crossed his leg and looked at Sherlock. “You seem mellow. Off one-upping Lestrade again?”
“It’s fine,” he lied. “It’s all fine.”  John blew out a breath. Blew out the anger and walked away.
John took one arm and Kate ducked under the other shoulder and they carried/dragged a shaky Sherlock to the couch. John walked into the bathroom and came out with towels and a first aid kit.
Sherlock wrapped his arms tighter around John and let gravity and momentum take them to the bed. John landed with an “umphfff” onto Sherlock’s chest, knocking his nose against Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, I did. Sometimes I wonder . . .”
. The audiobook of
She logged into her Gmail account.
But he still has one weakness. Biscuits. So I’ve learned to bake. I collect recipes from magazines and borrow cookbooks from the library. One afternoon, not long after he came home, Mrs. Hudson walked into the kitchen, saw what I was trying to do, and took pity on me. She rolled up her sleeves and taught me what “creaming the butter” and “folding the batter” meant. We made lemon shortbreads that day – biscuits that have set impossibly high standards for everything I’ve attempted since. I glanced over at Sherlock in the middle of a bite and I’d never seen him look quite so happy.
“Yes, fine. Fine.”
The Magic of Beekeeping Tour lasted two hours – approximately an hour and forty-five minutes too long by John’s calculations. It involved wearing ridiculous-looking beekeeper outfits, perfect, as Sherlock pointed out, for someone trying to maintain a low profile. Sherlock corrected the guide twice in the first ten minutes. John punched him in the arm and told him to stop, which he managed to do for the most part, only muttering under his breath at the most egregious of her mistakes.
I stand and steer her towards the door, one hand on her back. “We’ll ring you the minute we know anything.”
When he looked up again, Sherlock had gone to stand by the window, one hand stretched out, gripping the frame, looking down at the street. John rose and went to join him, Sherlock moving his arm so they could stand side by side.
Kate gave Sherlock points for not lying.
John frowned. “Ronan Pearce? The boy we just talked to? I didn’t even know he had a son.”
“It wasn’t Mary.” Sherlock stared at a space above John’s head.
He shrugged. “I guess. I’m going to lie down for a bit.” He sat on the sofa and rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. He lay back and was asleep a few moments later.
John stared at him for a moment. Of course he’d sleep with Sherlock –
When they pulled apart, John’s hand was pressed high on Sherlock chest, just below his throat, feeling one of Sherlock’s collarbones with his thumb. He slid his hand down Sherlock’s chest and felt the outline of his scars through his t-shirt. John realized then he was looking for the changes in Sherlock, the same way Sherlock had searched his face a moment ago.
John feels the heat spread across his face. “You bastard. You sodding – ”
And then, exactly as the scene had unfolded in his mind palace (
They broke apart for half a moment, and John wiped away rain from his eyes. Sherlock took John’s hand and pulled him into the nearest alley under a metal awning and they were kissing again. Sherlock threaded his fingers through John’s wet hair, and dropped his mouth to John’s neck, drawing a line of kisses and sucking hard on one spot that made John moan out loud.
“Well, not
“I vote for Mycroft.” John sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. “And just how is Mary incidental?”
“I sent him home to get some sleep – he was exhausted. He’ll be back in a few hours.”
Sutton had made it to his feet and was aiming the gun at Sherlock.
“I . . .” Sherlock started. He stopped and blinked. “I . . . you . . . I just . . .”
“What is the point then?” Sherlock asked.
He shrugged and smiled. “Guess you have to grow up with it.”
Sherlock ignored her and looked over at John. “If it is Magnussen, then we can assume he knows exactly why Kate is here.”
“Still in one piece.” He turned towards the lamp light and John saw the faint bloom of a bruise on Sherlock’s jaw.  “About Simon –”
He was hungry.
“No.” I extend my hand and we shake half-heartedly. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Washburn.”
She got into the car, buckled her seat belt and they headed away from the airport and onto the highway.
“Everything was arranged.” She did her best not to sound like a petulant child.
“And?”
But now it’s noon and I tell him he has to eat, trying hard to make it a suggestion and not an order. And for once he says he’s hungry and asks for soup, which we have, and gingersnaps, which we don’t. He watches me flip through the cookbooks while I eat.
“John, stay where you are. He's got us, don't you see? There's no way out. God, the humiliation, the shame... think about my brother, my parents...” Sherlock flicks back the safety. John slowly turns, extending his hands to placate Sherlock, to calm him down. Behind him, Magnussen makes a strangled noise.
He can feel wetness on his cheeks.
Yet John orders Sherlock to play with them for hours, to select ever larger toys and fuck himself on them for John's pleasure, moaning like a whore and pretending to love it. Sherlock obeys.
John watches him, frowning.
“Shut up.” John raises his voice, but the hand holding his Sig stays steady.
“Wait here.” John breaths against Sherlock's mouth, and then he's gone, taking his assuring warmth with him. Sherlock feels temporarily thrown off balance but it only takes a few moments for John to return from the kitchen, carrying a role of black gaffer tape from one of their drawers.
At first, Sherlock seems overwhelmed by the variety. Mycroft keeps his gear neatly stored in drawers, cupboards and on hooks. Sherlock stares at them in a mixture of horror and awe. Some instruments seem to outright perplex and confuse him. It's an impressive collection, John has to admit.
“I know it's much. But believe me, it will get better once digestion sets in. It'll take approximately four hours for all the substance to leave your stomach and enter your intestinal tract, but it will get a bit easier soon, in about an hour. Just don't move too much, otherwise the mush might slosh into your windpipe.” John is confirming Sherlock's worst fear. He can only blink to signal his understanding, tears blurring his vision.
As he lowers himself Sherlock obediently pushes his tongue inside him, lapping and sucking at his rim just the way he knows John likes.
“Wow, I see... You have made some progress with him.” Lestrade voice shakes with appreciation. He slowly circles Sherlock's stretched hole with his index finger a few times, before slowly inserting three fingers into his gaping anus. When Greg's fingers brush the soft, sensitive, pink walls of Sherlock's rectum, Sherlock moans, low and needy.
Sherlock sheds his clothes quick and efficiently, neatly folding them before placing them on the sofa seat behind him. Irene allows him to stand up the remove his trousers, shoes and socks. Sherlock has never been self-conscious but getting naked in an unfamiliar sitting room feels kind of odd even for him.
That's all John needs; he smiles as he pulls the tank top over Mark's head before gently pushing him over to Sherlock, one hand between his shoulder blades, the other still on his partly naked arse.
It's an awkward angle and Sherlock's face contorts a little in discomfort but he manages eventually to push the toy up his arse. He alternates between gasping and cursing while doing so but overall he seems dedicated to the task. Only when the plug is finally seated deep inside Sherlock's body does John return to the kitchen to flick the kettle on.
Instead, Sherlock can feel Moriarty's hands stroke his face, his cheekbones, cool fingertips caressing his neck, brushing through the streak of blood there, lingering, before continuing their journey further down. Sherlock realises that Jim is painting something on his chest with his finger dipped in blood – letters? - but he's still too hazy to translate. He doesn't even dare to breath, just tries to hold those dark eyes with his, almost pleadingly, as Moriarty starts to splay his hands over Sherlock's concave abdomen, stopping at the waist of his trousers.
While Mycroft had been strapping Sherlock to the chair, John had sat his bag down on the table. Sherlock's eyes go wide when he sees what John has brought for their scene.
“Yes, John.”
“Open!” John demands, and Sherlock parts his lips and throws his head back. John grins as he holds the come filled condom above Sherlock's face and slowly empties it into Sherlock's wide open, greedy mouth. Gooey strands drip slowly onto Sherlock's tongue – it was an enormous load – and when he can taste the stranger's sperm, feel it fill his oral cavity, Sherlock makes a choking sound of pleasure. “Swallow!” John orders, and Sherlock gleefully does, licking his lips afterwards.
“Yes, Miss Adler. Thank you, Miss Adler.” Kate replies. But it comes out somewhat slurred.
“Oh, yes. Very.”
Sherlock goes very, very still.
“Newspapers? You are too kind. I wouldn't wipe my arse with them. Here:
John had expected the interior being all dark oak panelled, antics and brass and therefore is pleasantly surprised by the whitewashed walls and light wooden beams. The large rooms are furnished scantily in what he calls, for a lack of a better word, Scandinavian style. Abstract paintings line the walls. An open stairwell leads to the first floor.
“Don't worry. Just stay like this. Please.” John leans back, and Sherlock can hear the rustle of fabric as John quickly sheds his clothes. Then his naked warm body covers Sherlock's back as John presses hot, open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock's sweaty neck and shoulders, licking, tasting salt. His cock presses against Sherlock's bony hip as he moves against him, smearing Sherlock's skin with sticky precome. Sherlock is sobbing with relieve, adjusting to the stretch, gaping, vulnerable, at John's mercy.
Kate hurries to obey, exposing her shaven cunt. Her vulva is glistening pink. Sherlock remembers licking her and shivers. John senses his unease and leans over. “No, look at her, Sherlock.” He murmurs in Sherlock's ear.
John saunters off, leaving Sherlock impaled and hurting in their kitchen. He could get up, but he feels no inclination to do so. If John wants him like this, he will endure it for as long as it takes.
Their usual games seem off the table at the moment, after what Sherlock has been through. So John has to come up with other ideas to take Sherlock apart and give him the chance to shut out peripheral influences. Sherlock's mind needs to be quieted. He'll have to focus to come up with a solution as to how they'll get his brother off their backs. John will have to deprive Sherlock of all distractions to free his mind and enable him to forge a plan that's clever enough to beat Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock is about to utter a sharp reply when the door opens again and a tall dark-haired woman walks into the room. It's quite an entrance: her hair is done up in an elaborate fashion, her make-up is flawless and she's wearing a creamy white pencil dress combined with dark stockings and black high-heels. She looks stunning and totally in charge.
They sit down on the bench as the sun starts to set. Sherlock is aware that they are staying past closing time, and an excited tingle runs down his spine. No one will find them here, that he's sure of. They are obscured from view from the main paths. Someone would have to be specifically looking for intruders to stumble upon them and Sherlock doubts that the Italian park guards will bother.
“Five minutes.” Mycroft grants, before he stalks down the corridor in the direction of the foyer., twirling his ever present umbrella
“It… doesn’t feel right.” Sherlock licks his chafed lower lip. He feels so tired. Everything hurts.
“It'll have to wait. Because this is more important.”
The pig grunts. Acri takes a huge dildo from the drawer, almost as thick as Sherlock's thigh, lubes it up a little and shoves it up the pig's arse. It glides in easily. Sherlock watches both fascinated and appalled as the ruined arse swallows the gigantic toy.
“Oh, John, but he does.” Mycroft’s voice is very soft, soothing. “Only, I had him. In every conceivable way I'm interested in. You know I'm more of a voyeur anyway. I promise that I will be watching, very closely.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his voice trembling just a little. “I'd like that very much.”
Sherlock can only shake his head as he growls with frustration deep down in his throat. His eyes are closed by now as he puffs and pants while desperately trying to get enough air by breathing through his nose, still partly stuffed with the nasogastric tube. It's not easy, and the lack of oxygen makes him slightly dizzy.
“Yes, it's his.” John slides it into the back pocket of his jeans before taking a closer look at Sherlock. He is pale and shivering, his eyes closed, his mouth and cheeks smeared with blood. John carefully parts his jacket, barely covering Sherlock's torso, to look for injuries. There's a small cut to his throat above his Adam's apple and another shallow wound to his abdomen.
It feels like his balls might actually explode when, instead of the expected large, firm device something soft and wet brushes over his hole. It takes Sherlock approximately ten seconds to realise that John is actually licking his arsehole. It's so good, Sherlock can't believe this is happening. As John pushes his tongue inside Sherlock's exquisitely stretched rectum his eyes roll back in his head and a keening whine escapes his throat.
Sherlock pulls the Belstaff tighter around himself in the cab. He didn't dare to take a bus or the tube, as he's still wearing his shirt soaked in Greg's piss. Despite the session in the office at NSY, Sherlock is already hard again. The idea of the cabbie smelling the piss on him, the sheer humiliation of being forced to keep that wet shirt on, is enough to spark hot arousal between his legs. He wants to palm himself but doesn't dare to, hence the driver sees what he's up to on the back seat. Sherlock doesn't trust his coat to hide the evidence of his erection.
John knows he should explain to Sherlock that ignoring feelings, being degraded and objectified, is not what their relationship is about. On the contrary, John wants for Sherlock to be able to explore his emotional requirements, to accept them and come to terms with them. He should be confident and aware in his surrender, not simply sliding deeper and deeper into this deranged, dissociative headspace,
John doesn't even remove the gun as he pushes inside Sherlock's hole. Sherlock wraps his legs around his waist and tries to relax as best he can. Despite the lack of lube, John slides in rather easy, encountering just minimal resistance. Sherlock knows better than to fight back. He has just a restricted amount of oxygen to his disposal and is not wasting it in futile rejection of the inevitable. His chest is rising and falling faster and faster.
Sherlock tries to get his breathing back under control while staring at the pile of fabric on the floor. It looks like mat black neoprene. He shivers, imagining being confined in it for the night, unable to escape once it had been fastened around him. Is he truly ready for this?
His current position presses his buttock together. But now John parts his cheeks and puts something roundish between them, just over his hole. It's spiky. Sherlock huffs.
“Yes, just a bit sore. As was to be expected.”
Until Mark's hand starts to close around Sherlock's throat. He can feel his oxygen supply being slowly cut off. Yet none of the other two men seem to notice. Panic wells up inside Sherlock. He tries to swallow but can't. He's grunting, choking, but Mark doesn't loosen his grip. Sherlock can't move, can't struggle or defend himself as a stranger almost strangles him. It's terrifying.
He sincerely hopes he'll not be subjected to the feeding hose again! The thought alone makes him recoil.
“I’m not going to blackmail him. I’m going to offer him a deal he’ll better accept.” John states gravely.
As a reward for the pain he took, John makes him ride his cock for what feels like hours afterwards. They don't use any lube for this, as Sherlock's hole has been nicely stretched over the previous week and can now accommodate John whenever he wants to push inside. It's quite convenient, being able to do so without tedious foreplay and preparation.
He might have lost consciousness a moment later as his orgasm hit him so forcefully that he strained in his bounds, his body pulled tight like a bow string, arching his back in what feels more like a fit than a climax.
There's a picture of their host from last night, all properly dressed in tie and suit jacket, shaking hands with some politician, looking confident and successful. Below is a picture of the villa they'd been partying last night.
The room tilts. This is not enough. John needs more. He has to feel Sherlock, crawl inside him, own him again. He quickly pulls the knife down his palm and presses the bleeding laceration over Sherlock's mouth, who sucks obediently for a long minute until John drags his hand all over his face and down his chest, painting him with the most precious, intimate fluid he has to offer.
They don't pause when reaching the main dance floor of the club, packed with sweaty bodies. Instead, John steers them left and through a metal double door that leads to a concrete stairwell. It's much quieter in here as they descend into the belly of the building. People are sitting on the steps, smoking, drinking or just chilling. Some glance up when John and Sherlock pass; others are lost in their own world, with eyes closed, their heads leaning back against the cold, grey walls.
“I don't care if you like it or not. I want this. And you need this. So stop fidgeting.”
The walk back to their hotel takes almost an hour. Sherlock has to go slow, and still the burdocks chafe and scratch his penis, balls and even slide back between his cheeks. It's agonising. He moves with a rolling gait like a sailor, but event hat doesn't bring him much relieve. He's almost in tears when they arrive at their Pensione, his face reddened, his shirt sweaty and clinging to his back.
