Steve shakes his head. “I’m just tired.
Peter’s sobs eventually drift into sniffles and Steve feels like he’d accomplished something here.
The picture disappears and Steve is left staring at two nearly identical, shocked faces.
guy, you should have been more specific, Platypus.”
“Considering that we have to leave him with Happy and Pepper on a fairly regular basis for missions, I’m going to go with ‘yes.’ Also might be nice to have another backup in the mix. Ned’s mom is a peach.” Tony’s chewing again, his words muffled.
Steve smiles and digs in.“Yeah, we’re good.”
“Driving!” Tony calls back, “I’ve got the top down.”
“He did it again.” Steve says, leaning against the doorframe.
Steve creeps in and adjusts the blankets over an exposed arm. Peter burrows into them, pulling his stuffed rabbit closer. He snuffles softly in his sleep
It grew quiet, too quiet actually. Steve blinks.“Wait a minute, where’s Peter?”
“Of course, Sir.”
“Well, we’re waiting.”
“Yes, put it on speaker, please, Jarvis.” He adds hot milk to his potato flakes and gives it a stir. Under his ministrations it slowly begins to form a very promising ivory paste.
“Tomorrow is correct, Sir.” Jarvis’ tone neutral and implacable.
“Oh, have I been neglecting you?” Tony practically purrs.
“Shut up, Tony.”
His legs almost gave way as the full implication of Peter’s words finally hit him. Steve finds himself babbling a bit, desperate to comfort his kid.
“Clyde died,” the boy chokes out.
Tony stiffens.
“You were not, you’ve been playing on that Stark Pad all night.” Steve points out.
“We already buried him.” Peter sobs, “under the window.”
Tony’s eyebrows rose as a wave of understanding seems to roll over him. “Ah. Better luck next time, then.”
After allowing himself an appreciative eyeful, Steve follows.
“Go brush your teeth. We’ll come tuck you in.” Tony says softly, with a quick kiss to wild curls.
If Steve weren’t so tired himself, he might go get his sketchbook. Instead he takes a mental picture and decides it will have to be enough.
penthouse? It’s more likely than you think.” Tony quips.
“Yeah!” The kid grins, dutifully soaping his fingers. “Ned’s mommy made us brownies!”
“I never said that.” Tony objects, setting down his phone. He’s not meeting Steve’s eyes.
Happy gently leads Peter to the penthouse elevator.
Happy’s all business now, “I got him, Boss”
Peter’s smile becomes polite but expectant. “Can I have tablet time now? Pleaase?”
Peter is beaming and Steve watches as he clambers from the stool up onto the counter. If it was there, Peter would climb it. They’d once found him on top of the refrigerator when he was three. They’d had to get more creative about hiding the cookies after that.
“You know, son. We never know when it might be the last time we’ll see someone. The last time we’ll get to tell them what they meant to us. This is one of those times, but we’ll never forget Clyde and what a good friend he was.”
It’s supposed to be family night. But for some reason, the television has become part of their family. And he’s just about had enough.
Steve notices his husband hasn’t moved other than to set his jaw a bit. “And just why do you think that, Gramps.”
The tone is begrudging and Steve knows that’s as good as he’s going to get. He also realizes that Tony wouldn’t be this difficult if there weren’t significant trauma there. Sometimes he wishes he could go back and have a word or two with Howard.
He cautiously licks the spoon full of potato. “Tastes ok.”
Peter is watching them with solemn eyes, all traces of earlier mischief gone. He darts over and throws his arm around Steve's waist, squeezing tighter than Steve would have expected, he winces.
“I could eat.” Tony’s stomach lets out a low growl.
“On a Sunday?” Steve furrows his brows a bit, slowly remembering.
He watches his kid put on his headphones and goes to find his husband. He doesn’t have to go far.
“Hungry?” Tony asks, looking fatigued but more alert than Steve felt. “There’s a nice little Greek place on west fifty-fifth?”
I don't care if Monday's blue
“Tony?” Steve calls.
Steve is continuing preparations for his now solitary dinner when a thought strikes him, “Wait, does this mean we’ll have to host Ned, here?”
Peter’s head whips around and his face lights up. “Ned?” he asks excitedly.
Peter waves enthusiastically, “Bye Pops!”
And Sunday always comes too late
The phone rings while he’s going through his paints, setting aside the vermilion, titanium, and ultramarine for later.
Steve cuts off the Hydra leader mid-oration, knocking him out with a well timed punch. Nat shocks him with a Widow Bite for good measure before they toss him in the back of a Shield containment vehicle with the rest of his minions.
Steve pushes the PR lady to wrap it up, but still he only makes it home by eleven. The penthouse is dark and quiet. Steve finds his dinner wrapped in foil, in the fridge. There’s a post-it note in the center, obviously Peter’s work. It’s Steve and Tony, he can tell because of the facial hair on the second figure. Peter is between them, holding their hands.
“You want to tell me why you’re avoiding eating dinner at the table?”, he asks lightly once he’s sure Peter is engrossed in the show.
His eyes are drawn to the softly curved lips and he leans down.
Steve sighs.
Time to really listen, Steve thinks. “So you don’t want to have dinner at the table because to you it doesn’t feel like something loving families do.”
Steve shakes his head. “It doesn’t have to be.”
“All right.” Steve grins, tugging off his helmet. “But sometime this week, dinner at home.”
“You didn’t even let him finish his evil speech.” Clint sighs.
The bright atmosphere is in direct contrast to the scene that greets him.
Peter pads back to his room, the sound of his little bare feet retreating down the hall.
“It will probably be morning.” His spouse murmurs. “I’ll call you.”
"Listen, Steve," Tony starts and then stops all together, lips pressing together as he seems to wrestle with a memory.
Peter’s eyes are rimmed in red, he’s clutching the pillow to his chest, tears streaking down his cheeks. It pulls hard at Steve’s heartstrings.
Steve sets the pad on the charging station and gently slips off the Tom Ford glasses off his husband’s face. It’s rare to be able to contemplate Tony in repose. Usually the man is all over the place, practically bursting with new ideas and inventions.
Tony doesn’t answer, he continues to tap away on his phone.
They all glance at the unused table over by the picture windows. It’s currently covered with papers Peter’s brought home from kindergarten as well as projects abandoned by Tony and even a few art supplies Steve had forgotten about.
“Well, I just think we should try to set a good example.” He tries, looking over toward their son.
Steve carefully sets the doodle aside.  He’ll add it to the big scrapbook later.
Tony and Steve lock eyes in silent communication.
Peter pulls away, “I‘m doin’ it!”
“And ‘in your day’” Tony makes air quotes. “only half of homes had indoor plumbing.”
Steve doesn’t doubt it. Tony is the king of multi-tasking
“Spending the night at Ned’s apartment. It was a last minute sort of development.”
“Oh” Steve mulls it over, they’ve discussed it before. “Have we decided he’s old enough for sleepovers?”
The smirk on Tony’s face is less so.
All he gets in answer is a terse nod.
Steve chuckles at his spouse’s rueful grin. This feels closer than they have been the last few days.
“But I cooked!” Steve protests.
“What happened?” Steve can’t keep the confusion from his voice, this was not the way the evening he’d planned was supposed to go.
It’s with this warm feeling running through him that he tries to exact a promise. “Tomorrow, dinner, ok?”
Steve watches his face and the subtle tightness in his jaw. There’s a picture here that he can’t fully make sense of yet. Tonight, though, he’s too tired and the answer eludes him.
“Go with Happy, kiddo.” Tony gives Peter a gentle squeeze.
Steve doesn’t know what to make of that, but he presses on. He moves to crouch in front of his child and gently pulls the boys hands away from his tear-stained face.
“Are you hungry?” Steve feels like he could sleep for a week.
Steve chooses his words carefully, he knows he’s the old timer in a family of technology addicts.
Steve beams back, Peter’s enthusiasm contagious. “Good job, son. We’ll save it to put it on the tree in December. Would you like to make another one?”
He gets periodic texts from Tony that end with the news that he’s made it safely back to town.
“Dinner?” Steve tries, he’s disappointed to be honest.
“I’ll be home at nine.” Steve reminds them. “Love you both.”
Peter doesn’t get to answer because the Avengers alarm flares to life.
Steve turns back to Tony who is busy scanning a briefing document on his phone.
There’s a flare of repulser fire behind him and Steve turns his head to see Iron Man hovering off to his left.
It’s quiet in the Rec Center and that calm lends itself to contemplation. Steve is setting out his supplies, brushes, primer, charcoal pencils for sketching. After dealing out so much necessary destruction in his life as a soldier and Avenger, this little oasis of creation is something he was fast coming to depend on.
There’s silence on the line and he’s not sure if Tony heard him.
He trots down the hall to his shared bedroom with Tony. His husband usually kept late hours so Steve allows himself a small thrill of anticipation. But when he gets to the bedroom the man himself is there, head tipped back against the pillows, breathing softly through his mouth. The arm holding the Stark pad is draped across his stomach.
“Yes, you are.” Tony says fondly, sliding of the stool at the breakfast bar and moving to turn on the sink.
Tony rattles off a question at the ceiling. “Jarvis, when does Captain Hottie meet with the lady from Public Relations?”
“It’s just that back,in my day, we had dinner at the table.”
“Well, I put the things in the pan, Tony. Heat and stir.”
It’s Hydra because of course it is. All Steve wanted was one dinner at home. The frustration bubbles over.
By Friday, Steve had given up on family dinner at anything resembling a table.
“Did you have fun at your sleepover?” Steve asks over the sound of the water.
“Ah, yes, the bare minimum to be considered cooking.” A bag rustles over the line and Steve’s blue eyes narrow, but he decides to let it go.
“Cap, what’s your status?”
Steve raised an eyebrow, but tentatively slid his fingers through Tony’s. “I
Tony laughed a little nervously, and Steve felt his fingers flex against his stomach. “You sure? What do you think she would’ve said about us, huh? ‘What the hell are you doing, Steve,  running around with a boy like him?’”
“Driving back,” he said with a shrug, before poking Thor as he crawled past, “as are
“Changed your mind, soldier?”
Steve pauses again, eyes horribly sad as he looks at Tony. He wants to know what’s going on in that soldier brain of his- but he’s pretty wasted right now and the thoughts won’t process properly.
“I think you’re missing the point there, Mr. Wilson.” Steve’s voice turned a tad sharper as he realised what Sam’s father was implying, but the man didn’t waver.
Tony took another drag, and let the smoke fall from his lips. Steve felt the pressure as he pressed a kiss to Steve’s shoulder. “Just watch the view, darling.”
“It appears so,” JARVIS responded, sounding weary, “he has been conscious for 78 hours, by my count.”
Instead of carrying on, he just grabbed the blanket on the side of the couch and placed it around the both of them, tucking his knees into his chest and leaning a little further on Steve. He was tired too- the whole day had been spent fighting, and more than anything, Tony just wanted to rest.
is going to happen,” Bruce told him firmly, “but I can stay if you really want. Just don’t fuck in front of me, okay?”
Tony glanced back down at Peter. The hood of his sleep-suit was up and covering most of his forehead and part of his eye, and Tony gently pushed it back with a finger, pulling a face when Peter caught his eye. And if Tony hadn’t known any better, he could’ve sworn the six-month old managed to look unimpressed by it.
When Steve chose to remain silent, Natasha sighed again. Steve felt her curls brush his cheek as she shook her head. “Do you remember a few days ago, when you stopped by Stark Tower to get your shield back from Tony? And he was getting ready to go to a charity gala, right? That was the first time you’d seen him in a proper suit, all done up and stuff, wasn’t it?”
It just so happened that they passed a clock in the corridor in that moment, and Tony came face to face with the depressing realisation that it was only 2 in the afternoon. And like he’d said, they weren’t even close to being done yet.
Cass grinned. “Oh, no, we’ve gotta go help the Wrecking Crew first, keep Thor and Hulk busy until AIM get whatever it is that they want in your tower.” He paused, and then nodded. “
He didn’t get the chance to finish. A second later and with alarming speed, two men rounded the corner and barrelled straight into Steve, knocking him backward about ten feet.
“Is that…
Tony’s laughter.
to finally find the courage to ask Steve out, he’d gotten an awesome gift for Clint that he knew the guy would love, and they’d been going to watch Die Hard after Christmas Dinner. He and Steve might’ve even done some snuggling, dependant on at what point during the day Tony had managed to finally express his stupid feelings. Now, though, they weren’t going to be able to do any of that. Instead, they were stuck in a freezing little cabin in the middle of fucking nowhere. And Tony was pretty sure he was dying.
He could still see the look on Tony’s face when Rumlow broke the news. Still see the way his soul had broken, leaking out through his eyes. Because of him. Because of what Steve had put him through.
However, he ended up being surprised by a suspiciously innocuous “How’s things going with you and Tony then?”
He had to know.
Tony stopped after another moment, staring intently at the car. He swallowed a lump in his throat. “Sorry,” he muttered again, “I didn’t… he’s just- yeah. Didn’t mean to yell.”
Funnily, the only thing Steve could think was,
Steve turned his head back down, grinning as Tony pushed his way through the doors and walked over to him. “I don’t know, Stark, are you gonna ruin the mood? I mean, you’re already ruining the view,” he looked pointedly over Tony’s shoulder as the man leaned over him from his place on the deckchair atop the roof of the Avengers Tower.
, but he guessed that the Catholic Church wouldn’t have been too pleased by it either way.
Ty had done this. Now Ty was going to pay for it.
Steve froze. “That’s not fair,” he said weakly.
“I’m still in love with you.” The words were falling out of his mouth before Steve even knew what to do with them, and they cut Tony’s little speech off rather effectively as the man just stared at him. Steve figured he might as well go all out now that he’d started though, so he pushed through the fear. “I never stopped. And I will… I’ll spend the rest of my life making up for the things I did, okay, I swear—I know it’s gonna take time, we have… stuff, baggage that we need to talk about, but… but I want—”
Tony sighed and nodded with a roll of his eyes. “Of course, it had to be today. Halfway back from visiting Pep and suddenly it gives up on me in the middle of some road in the middle of nowhere. Not even a fucking phone signal either, so I couldn’t call you. I really am sorry,” Tony told him apologetically.
"I didn't know you liked science," Steve said, surprised, "you do science club? Is that how you met Peter?"
“That’s the worst excuse I’ve ever heard and because of that we are not having sex tonight.”
Sliding on the back expertly, Steve hooked his arms around Tony’s waist and held tight as Tony revved the engine and pulled out. The night was warm enough that Steve didn’t feel particularly cold, but the sensation of the wind hitting him was still just as exhilarating. He’d never get over the thrill of riding with Tony.
Steve pursed his lips and slid his phone back into his pocket, getting the feeling Tony wasn’t really up for conversation just then. He could feel Clint and Natasha’s gazes on him by that point, but he didn’t look at them, instead choosing to just lay his head on the table and try to get a nap in until the end of the class.
“G’night,” he mumbled, “love you. Try get some sleep, ‘kay?”
And Fury was looking Steve in the eye and telling him that Tony— the man Steve had spent 4 years of his life deeply in love with, who he had been going to
, this man was dull. Tony smiled and nodded along with the lie about the rescuing of five orphans from a flood in Houston, trying to remember the name of the guy before it came up and he was left lacking. After another minute of pointless rambling, Tony moved on with a shake of hands and an assurance of another meeting at some point in the next few months. It was much the same with everyone else he spoke to, although there were some blessedly familiar faces that gave him and Nat at least a little reprieve. He spoke to T’challa for a good twenty minutes, glad of an excuse to catch up with the King, and then moved onto someone who seemed to be a big Captain America fan, which was great, seeing as it gave Tony the opportunity to just talk about Steve for ten minutes flat without interruption.
With a small groan, he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, uncaring off the way it pulled at his sore nose. The feelings of the dreams were often worse than the images themselves. Steve dreamed in emotions, of the pain of it, the complete and all-consuming loneliness that was still weighing heavy on his heart, even now he’d woken up.
Tony just sighed, leaning his head against the headrest. He could feel his heart beating, too fast and too loud under his ribs. It ached against the bottom of his reactor, but he focused instead on Steve’s firm grip against his leg. His hand was warm. It was nice. He still wanted that fucking Martini, and the need was sitting uncomfortably on his tongue. He was sure he’d never used to get this stressed out and anxious when he’d had alcohol to ease the way.
Steve found himself running out of anger as he saw Bucky’s face; eyes fixed to the floor and looking more than just a little bit lost as his feet shuffled around on the doorstep. He was like a child being told off by his parent after being caught with his hand in the cookie jar- or fighting in the playground.
Steve and Thor looked at one another, then back to Tony while he was quiet, undoubtedly listening to Ty on the other end of the line. Tony snorted at whatever it was the other boy said. “Ty, the drugs charges alone would send you down… yeah, I know I was in on it too, but out of the two of us, which one has more to lose? You just played your ace card last night—you got nothing on me any more, sweetheart. So by all means, take this to the cops. But out of you and Steve, I promise, you’ll be the one who’ll come out of it worse. And you know me, Tiberius. I don’t make promises I can’t fucking keep.” With that, he pulled the phone away from his ear and ended the call, throwing it back onto the couch with a soft thud. He looked over at Steve. “He’ll drop it,” he said, his voice certain.
But he choked back on his sobs and he kept packing up. Because he had to. Because whatever it was that he’d had with Steve, it was gone now. People who loved you didn’t... they didn’t do that to you.
for God’s sake,“ Steve argued, realising too late that he was pouting and that it was only succeeding to make Tony laugh harder. “I’m… I’m…. well maybe
Peter. Peter. Peter.
No. No way. Steve loved Tony, but he wasn’t a fucking pushover.
Of course, that being said, there wasn’t a force on heaven or earth that would stop him now. Tony needed someone. Tony needed someone to look out for him. And Steve might be 5’4 and weigh about the size of a small puppy soaking wet, but damned if that was going to stop him stepping up to the role.
“Just what?”
“Stop,” he whispered to himself as his eyelids clenched shut, his hands curled into his knees and he cradled himself in the middle of the ruined bed like a child, “please, please…” He didn’t even know what he was saying or to who- he could feel the tears spring up from his eyes and let them fall easily, and God, this one was a bad one, this one was really bad, he needed to take a breath and he could hear someone talking to him, probably JARVIS, but it just felt like white noise in his head. The silence was so loud it blocked everything else out.
His fingers were still tapping- no, wait, fuck, they were
He looked sideways at Clint, tried to choke out a word, but it wouldn’t make its way out of the safety of his throat. He couldn’t breathe, his chest
These are young dumb kids, and here is more useless writing about them
But Steve was no longer listening. Reed’s words didn’t matter anymore; he’d said enough. There was a way to save Tony and keep the universe from collapsing. All Steve had to do was die.
The bravery got stuck in his throat like bile. Something lurched inside him, and for a moment he was convinced he was going to be sick. But already, he could feel the drug starting to take hold. He wanted to sleep. He had to close his eyes.
And that’s how Tony ended up sat in a vent above Clint’s room.
“I am still playing the frequency, and it appears that Thor and Barton are close to—” JARVIS cut off for a moment, before announcing firmly, “the second LMD has now been taken care of.”
It was
Chin up, eyes hard, he walked into the kitchen, steadfastly ignoring Steve’s presence as he directed himself to the coffee machine.
He rubbed viciously at a spot of dirt, unable to shake the feeling that Tony was playing him somehow. That this was all just part of his elaborate scheme. He had to remember what had happened in Gulmira. By far the worst of Tony’s crimes; that whole town had been fucking decimated by him. Iron Man had been seen heading in there before the attack, and then leaving a day or so afterward. He’d done that.
Steve yelled, stepping forward and looking at Tony desperately.
The other man slipped in quietly, looking at Tony nervously. “Sorry,” he said, and Christ, he wasn’t even goddamn mind-whammied anymore and yet he looked more ill than ever, unshaven and gaunt, heavy bags under watery eyes. “Sorry, I didn’t think—what do you need me for?”
Steve shrugged. “When he wants something, I assume,” he mumbled.
“Hey, they managed to create me, so they must’ve been doing somethin’ right,” Steve took the lighter from Tony’s hand once he was done, and then sucked in a deep breath as it lit.
“Kept trying to find you,” Tony leaned his head back languidly, biting his lip and shutting his eyes as Steve kissed his neck, “in school, for no reason- didn’t even know you, but I just had to, I didn’t know why but I just fucking had to-“
Steve contemplated for a moment, before shaking his head. “I’ll do it myself when I next see him,” he said with a huff.
“Steve,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes, hands entwining with Steve’s once more, “I really don’t think it’s good practice to let your boyfriend starve on the first date. Plus the staff at IHOP love me and so the pancakes will probably be even bigger than u-“
But in reality, all that came out was a sigh, and a moment later his consciousness slipped away, leaving his fate in the hands of his three woefully outgunned friends.
“I am going to fucking fire Delaney Collins,” he responded instantly, knowing that Steve had no idea who that was, but needing to get the words out anyway, “fucking idiot sent me these stupid prints that I can’t make any fucking sense of, it’ll take me hours to try and work it out from scratch and I don’t have time, he cut his day short and I can’t even get ahold of him now, fucking Christ, I’m firing him. I’m firing him.”
“Nothing, Tony, I’m just…packing,” Steve muttered, searching for his toothbrush among the mess.
“Is he… is he okay?”
“Steve, that’s great! What is it you’re drawing- you said you’d used to just do still life and your friends, yes? Are you back to that? I bet Bucky was happy to become a model again.”
He nodded. He couldn’t stop seeing the diminutive form of Peter, one month old, crying and screaming for someone to hold him, never being touched. Being called ‘Test Subject’. Nothing more than an experiment.
But… but he was confused. Things weren’t quite fitting into place here.
But Steve was looking at him with his calm face and his questioning smile, and he quite clearly wanted this for Tony. Even if Tony didn’t want it for himself. So he nodded instead, and without another word, Steve took them both up to their room. It was dark when they got there, only the pinpricks of light from the city below them shining through the windows to guide their path. But Steve led them firmly and confidently, and Tony followed without question. He eventually flicked the lights of the bathroom on, handing Tony his toothbrush.
. Why didn’t you say anything?”
Steve couldn’t help but laugh at the pure Thor-ness of that; patting him on the shoulder as he made his way out of the door, Jane under his arm. “Until next time, Steve! May these last few hours of your birthday be as merry as can be. I had a wonderful time tonight.” At that, he looked down at Jane with a softness Steve hadn’t ever seen in the boy before, and then saw the bashful little smile Jane returned him. It was… adorable, that’s what it was.
“Absolutely not,” Steve told him, “I’d have no-one to teach me about Quantum physics then.”
“Yep.”
He wasn’t entirely sure what his mom would have said to that. Probably just yelled at him for cursing, now he thought about it. He shook his head in memory and then stepped back, blinking rapidly. He needed to get somewhere warm before his asthma flared up or he caught a cold, and Thor was waiting for him. “Right,” he cleared his throat and then blew out a breath of crystalized air from his mouth, nodding finally, “right, I guess I’ll be going then.”
Steve froze up, his mouth dropping open. Then he looked at Tony. “Did he just—”
And it was weird to think about. Steve ached for past—he missed it like a lost leg, something undeniably
“Hey-“ Steve paused for a second as the question jumped into his mind, and Tony looked back toward him, eyes dark and huge as he stared, “why
It was seven minutes after that unanswered prayer when Steve saw the first pinpricks of a fire, burning on through the trees. Remnants of an explosion, probably. And then there were some very faint shouts, before a lone bullet went off. Steve bit down on his tongue and held himself back from calling his teammates’ names in desperation.
He was so gone, it wasn’t even funny.
“Cap, I need you to take nightshift- everyone else is absolutely exhausted. You okay with waking me up in a few hours?” Natasha asked, as they sat in their stakeout and breathed heavily- still burnt out from the fight they’d just been caught up in half an hour ago.
Steve watched, still in somewhat of a daze as one by one his friends departed into the night, leaving him with hugs and smiles and promises of interrogation later on. He still felt a little light-headed. Maybe he hadn’t been getting enough oxygen, what with all that
guys, but neither of you are billionaires with high standards and bank statements that don’t come back in single digits.” Steve sighed dramatically, beginning to turn and walk over to the house in time with Bucky.
“I don’t think you’re crazy, Steve,” Tony assured, him, fingers working on the knots in Steve’s shoulders as he spoke. “Why were you able to sleep last night, then? What changed?”
He stepped back. “Come on. I think the team’s watching a movie, but we can threaten diaper-duty on anyone who argues with us putting Peppa Pig on.”
“Hey, what?” Steve asked in confusion, “what are you talking about?”
Again, Tony considered it. “13%. Hypothetically.”
“Yeah yeah,” he waved a hand and wandered further forward, meeting Tony by the huge door, “after you then.”
He just wanted… he wanted to be
His movements are erratic and jerky, and it’s a concentration that Tony has ever really seen on-well-
Clint pulled a face, shifting Peter on his lap. “I didn’t call them,” he said, and everyone stilled in their seats.
Fuck, Steve wasn’t sure what he’d do if he found out Tony was in a relationship. Possibly something embarrassing, like cry. He really,
Steve just wanted to run from it, as far and as fast as he could, he wanted to curl up and sob until he woke up and everything was back to normal again, and more than anything, he wanted Tony to
Tony just huffed, slipping his palm up against Steve’s chest. “Electricity is a real bastard though,” he mumbled, “gotta be careful, Steve.”
As far as first conversations went, that was certainly an interesting one.
"Figlio di puttana” = son of a whore
Tony- he wasn’t smiling back, exactly, but his face was soft. “You’ve got a new voicemail,” he said quietly.
“You’re Steve, right?” One of the girls- Frost, maybe- turned her head to Steve, and then suddenly there were five pairs of eyes on him, all curious, all analytic.
“Hello, Mr Rogers,” the voice called out to him cheerfully, “May I just say that I am pleased to finally make your acquaintance. Sir has spoken lots about y-“
“The rules are simple,” the woman said in front of him, sat on her chair, shoulders relaxed and lips drawn into a pleasant smile as Steve sagged on his knees a few feet in front of her, bloody and beaten, “until you tell us where The Winter Solider is, we are going to keep hurting you. We are going to keep you on the brink of life and death, begging for release, and
All of them frowned. “Tony, I thought it was pretty obvious that you’re benched for now,” Natasha told him, and Tony blinked in shock, feeling the way those words ricocheted painfully around his brain.
“Hey, he’s here, isn’t he?” Bucky said, eyes widening. Steve continued to look sullen, he huffed in exasperation. “Look, Stevie, whether it’s true or not- the point is he’s sat on your couch right this minute and you can start falling at my feet in thanks any moment now-“
Bucky was silent, looking at him. “Then why are you angry?” He asked, and then when Steve tried to immediately deny the fact, Bucky just rolled his eyes. “Come on, Steve, I’ve known you all my life. I can tell when you’re pissed.”
He tried apologizing for it, but Steve wouldn’t hear it. “It’s not your fault, Tony,” he’d always say, in a voice so much quieter and more subdued than the way Steve normally spoke, and that would be that. Tony didn’t want to push, in case Steve got angry with him. Not that he was… he wasn’t
make this... you don’t deserve that. Ever. You could be the most terrible, annoying person in the world and you still wouldn’t deserve to be hit by him. My mom told me that herself- I’ve seen what it leaves people with. I knew what my own dad did to her when he was alive. You… Tony, you never deserve that.”
And then, when the sound of annoyingly familiar voices drifted through the corridor, he thought about Tiberius Stone and his stupid group of dickhead friends.
. Steve was pretty sure if he looked any more upset he’d make
Steve stared at him blankly. A million memories, images, pictures, burst through his mind. The most poignant one was the blood—that felt like it had permeated through everything. He felt the warmth of it on his hands, felt the stickiness of it against his skin.
He sighed in contentment, and felt a little bit of the tension drain from his shoulders.
Well. Good mood felt a little bit like an understatement. He felt on top of the fucking world, more like.
Bucky’s arm suddenly wound around his neck and pulled him in, plucking him out of the air mid-jump in order to give him a tight hug. “That took you a horrifically long time,” he groused with a shake of his head, smile warm and pleased.
“Okay okay, stop squabbling, all of you, it’s dinnertime,” Mrs Wilson chided, and then swooped in to put three plates of food on the table, stopping to smack Steve and Darcy lightly over the head. She paused at Steve, smiling down fondly at him as she ruffled his hair. “And you,” she began with a playful tutting in the front of her mouth, “you stay out of trouble, okay? You’re already on your last warning with school, and I’m not going to be happy if I hear you’ve started doing all those drugs you kids like so much-“
He frowned, opening his mouth to defend himself, say he hadn’t even been doing anything above playful banter on that stupid fucking talkshow- but before he could start anything, Steve just t’sked in his mouth and shook his head, wiping a hand over his face. “Sorry,” he said roughly, “sorry, I just... please? Come on. For me.”
Bruce looked at him for another moment before shrugging and gesturing down at the weird orb thing that had apparently been captivating Doctor Banner’s attention for all this time. “I’m not really working on it, so much as trying to figure out what it does. I know that it’s emitting some sort of frequency. The same frequency that was disrupting our comms when we were fighting those aliens back a the start of the month, you remember?”
It started on any regular old afternoon, as those things usually did. It’d been a few days since their last fight with the most recent batch of aliens who’d come down to Earth looking for control, so they weren’t even arguing about the battle. It had been about the fucking
“Can’t say I did either,” Steve spoke into the room- trying to process the information in front of him and stick it to the boy he knew, if only through school rumours. They didn’t fit- Tony Stark was absolutely the last person Steve would have pegged as a business heir.
“You’re in hospital in New York,” Bruce pushed along, obviously sensing Steve wasn’t going to answer him, “you were temporarily taken hostage by HYDRA, during which they attempted to do some sort of mind-alteration that was similar to that of Bucky’s. It reacted badly with you, though, and you broke free, dealt with your kidnappers—”
Steve’s eyes were wide, and he couldn’t help but laugh a little incredulously. “Did he get expelled?”
He rolled his head and looked at Bruce. “You gotta tell Steve ‘bout my plan, kay?” He slurred, “He’ll like it. Think it’s funny.”
Steve laughed, taking Tony’s hands and kissing the palms, before wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and pulling him in, pressing his face to Tony’s stomach. “Happy birthday,” he said again.
said that she’d seen you leaving the place with none other than Tony Stark. Which, naturally, inspired a lot of confusion and questioning on my part.”
Tony shrugs, “Don’t worry, he’ll probably grow out of it.”
“You’re the reason we can’t have nice things!” He mutters, binging the shield off someone’s head. The Hydra agent goes down in a heap.
“It’s ok, son, go with Happy. He’ll take you to see Miss Pepper.” He eases Peter back to Happy.
“Pep says he’s sleeping.” Tony pulling his phone out.
Tony slips in beside him, setting down a drink for him.
The boy turns the white square, cuts and turns again.
Steve’s eyes flick down to where his husband is sprawled on the couch. All tight, black t-shirt and dark sparkling eyes.
The first thing he hears is the wind. “Where are you? Are you in a suit??” Steve asks.
“You know you’re supposed to eat them, not wear them right?” Tony asks shutting off the sink and reaching for a towel.
Tony sheds the armor, it folds up neatly into a briefcase at his feet.
Tony glowers at him, “I was watching that.”
“Listening to it, then.”
He microwaves and eats his dinner in silence. He could ask Jarvis to turn on some music or maybe read out some of the day's headlines, but the truth is he just misses his family.
Thursday I don't care about you
“Thanks, Pete.” Steve smiles in thanks, taking his food.
Smiling, Steve slips out of the room.
Said handsome and charismatic husband is currently lounging beside him in a blue shirt and deliberately weathered, designer jeans. On the floor, their young son is eating his dinner, his face face tuned into the television like a sunflower turned toward the sun. For Steve, that’s the final straw.
When their eyes finally meet, it’s warm and electric. Steve takes his arm from around Tony and links their hands, curling their fingers together.
Now that Steve is really listening, he can just hear the well-maintained purr of the Audi convertible engine.
“Everything good?” He asks, checking in.
“You..cooked?” Tony’s tone is seeking clarification, he sounds stunned. “You?”
The Hulk manages to break through Hydra’s line then and after that it’s all downhill.
The last cut has Peter making a noise of triumph before carefully unfolding and showing off his handiwork. “Look, Pops! I did it!”
“You seem tense.” Tony observes.
“I guess I don’t mind eating at our table every once in a while.”
Steve rolls his shoulders “ I am pretty tense,” He punches a guy in the face. “Especially for a guy whose kid spent last night at a friend’s house.”
There’s a loud sniffle from behind him. Peter is picking forlornly at the cuff of his red and blue pajamas.
but.” His wounded brown eyes flash to Steve’s finally.
“Now you’ve done it.” Tony sighs.
“Yeah. I don't know if I’d call it a snowflake though.” Steve holds up the delicate piece of paper.
The fighting rages on for over an hour, but they manage to end it just as the sun goes down.
Saturday wait
Steve washes up and heads for the shower, he pauses in the hallway then changes direction.
“And what about this,” Tony gestured to himself and raises his shoulders in question, “isn’t setting a good example.”
“Didn’t have to.” Steve starts making soothing circles with his thumb on his husband’s shoulder. “I’m getting pretty good at recognizing avoidance techniques.”
Tony gulped down lungfuls of air, feeling the dizziness and pain begin to ebb away. His whole body was shaking. “Are you okay?” He managed to choke out, however, looking over at Steve worriedly. He slumped back down onto the floor in complete exhaustion, panting heavily.
He looked… relaxed. At ease. Gorgeous.
Scrambling unsteadily to his feet, he gasped in a lungful of air and ran. Ran forward, to Thor, to Tony- who was being let down gently, searching the deck, looking for-
Steve chuckled, rolling his eyes. “I’m fine, thank you for asking.
“Who were they?” Steve blurted, the words falling out of his mouth before he could help himself. When Tony looked at him in confusion, Steve awkwardly waved a hand. “The people in the video. Do you remember them?”
Tony slumped. He hadn’t... God, he’d been so caught up worrying over himself that he hadn’t even stopped to think about that. Goddamn it, Steve.
She didn’t move, and he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. He didn’t like people not listening to him in his workshop.
“Me and Clint would still be working in SHIELD,” Natasha said quietly, looking over at him with tired eyes, “living in barracks, never knowing who we could trust. My room was ten square feet. I didn’t know what family even felt like. Not until you gave me one.”
Bucky laughed, which prompted a slap from Peggy who was sat on the floor by his feet giving him a pedicure. “Don’t
Onto the end.
. Fast and rapid, scrambling to the left and bolting for the stairs on the other side of the room at the same time that Michael jumped forward and threw the heel of his fist into Steve’s chest with a force that sent the man stumbling back. The robot was strong; unnaturally so, and it was enough to put Steve on the floor, which didn’t bode well. Tony spun on his heel, throwing an arm out in Thor’s direction. “You get the other one!” He yelled, hearing behind him as Natasha tackled the LMD away from Steve, “don’t let him touch Peter!”
Steve paused for a moment, managing to drag himself away in order to have a semi-coherent conversation. “Do
“Oh ha ha,” Steve said, feeling a buzz in his pocket that signified another message. Probably from Tony. With a quick hand, he slipped out his phone and checked- the smile on his lips coming automatically as Tony’s name read on the notifications in front of him. “Shut the fuck up, both of you,” he clicked a finger toward Sam and Darcy, stopping the inevitable teasing before it could begin, and heard the stifled sniggers in response, but chose to ignore them. Bigger person and all.
“-Yeah, Steve, surprisingly enough that wouldn’t have been my chosen method of transport either,” Tony had snapped back at him as he’d begun to unzip the tattered undersuit, covered in tears from where his body had rolled across the concrete, “unfortunately I didn’t have much choice.”
Wandering into his room, he shut the door and then flung himself onto the mattress, getting comfy amongst his pillows before turning his phone back to Tony’s messages, a soft smile on his face.
And then, after an eternity, the world stopped shaking. Everything stilled, and Steve groaned loudly, more so that he could hear his own voice than anything.
Tony stood up from the counter dramatically, staring daggers at Steve as he tipped his food out into the bin and then marched over to dishwasher where he yanked the door open and then shoved it in messily. Not his most mature response, sure, but he was overtired and it was fucking stupid anyway. “Happy?” He asked with a flourish and a smile.
“Tony,” he whispered quietly, “Tony, what happened?”
He felt like Tony was smiling down the line. “Love you too,” he said, before hanging up a few seconds later once they’d said their goodbyes.
Tony felt like there was lead in his chest. He felt like an idiot, a jerk. He hadn’t… it had been so badly worded, the whole thing had been stupid, he should have just listened to what Steve had to say. “Steve, please just let me—"
Something soft and loose curled around his shoulders, and Tony felt a hand press through the fabric and into his neck. It was careful and considerate; nothing like what he was used to in the caves. “Hey,” Steve said fondly, his voice even and normal, “just me.”
“I’ll find them for you,” he said it lightly, but the words held a remarkable amount of promise in them. His hand rose absently, ghosting over the marks on Steve’s body. “Don’t worry.”
But it wouldn’t. Steve was sure of it.
Steve’s eyebrow went up. “I’ll drag it out,” he said easily, “and we both know how much you hate to wait.” With that, he slipped out of the bathroom and shut the door behind him, leaving Tony holding his razor and internally debating how much he
“Please,
“The outer walls are lead-lined and it’s interfering with my sensors. Once you get further in, I might be able to pick something up.”
He felt a familiar sense of déjà vu as the fucking material got stuck over his head, and with his ribs suddenly starting to scream in pain at the stretching, ended with him tangled up in his own goddamn T-shirt.
There was a long, heavy silence, wherein Tony simply stared at him, jaw clenched tight. He didn’t say anything for a long while, and for a moment Steve wondered whether Tony even believed him. But then he just breathed out, turning away and running a hand through his hair. “Well,” Tony muttered, “guess that clears a few things up.”
In answer, Bucky just waved a hand over to Steve. “You’re stayin’ the night over at his. Figure you might want to head to school in something that isn’t a suit.”
But… but Tony had been laughing at him hours ago. Kissing him. One week, he’d said. One week and he’d come home again.
“Tony, don’t even bother,” Steve told him simply, pulling Tony along with him as Bucky got up and then ran upstairs to his wardrobe, “you’re staying with me, okay? You said the meeting didn’t go that well, and honestly, as a general rule I’d rather eat my own shoes than have you live with Howard Stark, but tonight that desire has been cranked up a notch or two.” He paused, two stairs above Tony so that they were at an even height. “Please?” He asked, putting on his softest puppy eyes, “just for me?”
“Yeah, I mean I can’t really argue with that logic.” Tony waved a finger at Sam. “Like he said, I’ll beat you up.”
Tony was, admittedly, quite the hit too. Kids loved the suit, although he hadn’t brought it with him today, seeing as it was less of a meet-and-greet and more of a lesson in morality. Each Avenger was taking a different year-group to give them a talk, and Tony had been given the sixth-graders. That pesky age, caught between teenage years and little-kid years.
“Hey, hey,” suddenly Rhodey looked concerned, and he stepped forward, arm going out to touch Steve’s shoulder gently, “he’s fine, what do you m- oh.
“Yes!”
“I think he finds it soothing,” Thor commented, looking between Peter and Tony, “it was the only thing that made him stop crying.”
Everyone nodded. It was a sound call, and Thor promptly followed the order, signing off in order to instead get in touch with the other two men. The thought of leaving Peter alone when half the city appeared to be under siege was not something that sat well with Tony at all, but he knew that they needed all hands on deck if it was AIM
The boy’s eyes flickered back to him, and he smiled. “Top o’the world,” he responded, to which Steve rolled his eyes and gently moved his fingers to begin stroking through Tony’s hair once more. He knew how much Tony liked it when he did that.
He heard their murmurs behind him. “That’s good,” Thor said earnestly, “I’m glad to hear it. Did you have a good time away?”
“Why did you stay?” He found his mouth blurting before his brain could stop him, and he watched as Tony’s face fell, turned into something that reminded Steve horribly of shame as he looked away, down at his lap. He wanted to take it back as soon as he’d said it- Tony didn’t need that, not now. But it was already out there, the big question that had been plaguing Steve’s mind ever since he’d come out of his stupid trance. "Why...after all that I did. Why didn't you just walk away?"
Time passed.
“I’m gonna miss my flight,” Tony whined, looking up at him with an attempted glare. It didn’t really work. He looked far too cute, with his nose and cheeks both pink from the freezing cold and his wool coat zipped up all the way to his mouth, shrouding him in fabric. He extracted Steve’s arms from around his waist with leather-gloved hands and took a step back, wrinkling up his face when he was subsequently exposed to the harsh wind. “God, why do you have to be so irritatingly warm?”
“Why did you do it, Tony?” He said instead. He felt so, so tired. “Why… what made you do all this? The weapons, the destruction...God, Tony,
“I’m sorry, no offence or anything, but who in the
Steve smiled, watching as Tony shuffled on his feet for a few moments. He seemed… nervous. A little erratic, just like he got when he was on the verge of a huge discovery.
,” he said sharply, “I want to have a word.”
Steve leaned down, setting him on the bed gently and then rocking back, looking Tony up and down. His cheeks were flushed, blue eyes turning silvery in his arousal—and boy, hadn’t
Steve reflexively took Tony’s advice, rolling to the side and allowing Natasha to take front once more as he covered his ears. A second later JARVIS played out the frequency over the speakers; a pitch Tony couldn’t hear through his ears, but felt reverberate through his bones. He winced at the uncomfortable sensation, checking to see if the LMD flagged. But it didn’t. Instead, it merely ducked low and swiped Natasha’s legs from underneath her, before turning to Tony with a dangerous smile. “Nice try,” he snarled, before lunging forward.
Tony hissed, “Howard, I can’t just… I have things I need to do today! You have a whole speech planned for this, I have nothing, you can’t just give me five minutes and expect me to be able to land you a fucking deal, I don’t even know what they’re fucking here f-“
“They look adorable, don’t they,” he whispered, flicking a finger over at the two of them and trying to tamp down on his smile. Steve and babies went very well together, aesthetically speaking. Tony thought that he could probably look at a scene like that all day and not get bored.
Steve shot up again in an instinctive response to the sound of that voice. He felt his heart hammer a few times faster as he laid eyes on Tony, bandaged and battered and wonderfully alive.
“A few months ago you took a Chronal Energy Distorter back to the Baxter Building after confiscating it from the Tescillian Race of super-assassins who’d been trying to erase The Avengers from history,” Steve cut in firmly, voice level and unmoving as he reeled off the facts. He could be strong in this. “When I asked what it did, you said it was a time machine. I need access to it.”
Bucky, again.
Thor and Clint both rolled all the medical equipment back and then hurried out of the room, coming back a minute or so later with chairs stacked up in their arms. Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey and Happy were also present, and as soon as the table had been placed, they began piling it with dishes and plates, setting up as if it were a regular dinner.
A few paces away, Steve watched Clint straighten up from the rock he’d been resting on. They’d only just taken out the last HYDRA operative, but it’d taken its toll. Clint was sporting a rather spectacularly broken nose, and Steve himself was pretty sure a bullet had clipped his shoulder. “It’ll take hours to get down there in these conditions,” the man said, voice nasally as he wiped a trickle of blood off his chin and then waved a hand across the terrain, still obscured by the harsh winds and spiralling snowfall. “Tony might not have that long.”
with him today?
“Steve…
Sometimes he wondered if he would ever actually get through into Tony’s head that he gave more than just a half-damn about his fucking wellbeing. It felt like a losing battle, every time they did this.
Steve frowned, mouth forming the beginning of a question that never ended up being answered. There was a high-pitched humming noise from behind him, and then suddenly the room was filled with metal parts, all of them flying toward Tony and attaching themselves to his body. Red and Golds whirled like pinwheels in the air, driven forward by some unknown force, and Steve ducked instinctively, but all of them missed him and focused instead on wrapping around the man in front of him, forming a metal skin upon Tony. Cogs fitted into place automatically, locks secured, and mechanisms flickered into action, turning the separate pieces of tech into one single flowing machine. An armour.
, and his face and hair and clothes were all wet and he was choking while they laughed and he couldn’t breathe and all he’d known to do was run, away, out, as fast as his legs could go.
. The still-falling snow had covered their tracks. And Tony’s blood.
“Just keep calm and stay quiet.” That was Natasha, hurriedly swooping down and pressing her own kiss against his temple. She grinned at him, looking dangerous. “It’ll take more than HYDRA to put me and James Rhodes down,” she informed, and then without another word, she turned on her heel and slinked out of the door, Rhodey hot on her heels. Tony tried to make a noise of protest, but it came out strangled and raw. He felt like he was burning up and freezing at the same time, and he could hardly see anything, his vision was that hazy. He knew he didn’t have long left before he was under again.
This was it.
Steve bit his tongue, feeling something sour in his chest. It had been twenty seconds, and Tony’s dad had used two slurs. In front of his bisexual son.
“No, Steve,” Bucky shook his head firmly, and Steve felt the shame start to bubble to the surface as he slammed his hands against the dash.
The man cocked his eyebrows and then jerked his head backward a little, and Steve’s eyebrows furrowed. He wasn’t too sure what the dancer was trying to say.
Tony’s head turned upward, and the cheeky glint in his eyes made his whole face look a little less tired. He slid his hand lower, dipping it under the waistband of Steve’s sweatpants. “Fun?” He asked, voice dropping.
Maybe this was the Universe’s way of assuring that they never had to keep secrets again; never had to hide the truth or evade talking about things. Possibly annoying if Steve had to hide anniversary gifts, but ultimately something Steve was grateful for. He had nothing to hide from Tony any more.
Peter paused, opening his mouth to say something, before shutting it again with a clack and scowling. “I guess not. Whatever.”
“I’m not finished,” Pops interrupted, and Peter could see the tiny little smile his Pops was wearing out of the corner of his eye. “He managed to make me rethink all those preconceived ideas in the space of 24 hours. Every last one of them. He went through a portal and saved New York and I felt like an ass, because I’d told him that was the last thing he would ever do, and that he wasn’t a hero.” Pops laughed, and it sounded fond. “God, Pete, if there was one thing on this world that I could possibly have gotten more wrong, I’d love to hear it.”
“And if there are more HYDRA teams following the others right now?” Clint questioned, face hard, “if there are enemies with equipment that can hunt them down way better than we can? They’ll attack again and this time we’ll be four hours down the mountain. They won’t stand a chance.”
“No lasting damage,” they said to him as they finished checking him over, and Steve heard Tony breathe out a quiet sigh of relief next to him. The doctor looked at his notes with a small shake of his head. “Incredible, really,” he muttered to himself, “that really should have killed you, Captain.”
He triggered the alarm purposefully as he forced his way into the lobby, because it was just an easier way of getting what he wanted. After that, all he had to do was wait for a member of the Fantastic Four to get from the penthouse down the ground floor.
He squinted through the glare of the headlights as someone stepped out of the driver’s seat; not bothering to shut the door as he jogged over. His boots splashed in the puddles that had formed- and an unmistakable pair of blue eyes flashed under the streetlight as he came closer.
“Tony?” Steve turned to him, looking in concern as Tony stood abruptly from the table, trying not to sway when his vision went blurry for a moment. He was so fucking tired. His head hurt from thinking about the Goddamned armour too much.
They looked at one another for a moment, the silence stretching out, and then Steve nodded jerkily and turned to go. “Thank you for letting me st—”
He felt Steve’s eyes on him as he moved over to the elevator, but didn’t turn around. Suddenly, he just didn’t want to be there, around it all. He was tired, and it had been a long day, and Tony didn’t want to feel the underlying sense of heaviness that was now going to follow him whenever he saw Peter; a reminder that all of that happiness had a sell-by date. He wasn’t sure why it had hit him so hard just then of all times—maybe it was the fact that this was a milestone for Peter, and Tony and the whole team had deluded themselves into thinking they were a part of it. They weren’t. They were a stop-off point, the last resort. They were the better alternative to fucking AIM, and that was it. Trying to pretend that they could look after a child was just stupid. Especially for someone like Tony. He was supposed to be the pragmatic one, for fuck’s sake.
“Humour me, then.”
Steve always said how much he loved Tony’s heartbeat. Tony could tell that it was one of Steve’s grounding points, that he listened to it to remind himself where he was and what he still had. Sometimes he just held Tony’s hand while they sat together, fingers brushing over the pulse on his wrist, and then it’d stay there for the entire time, just settled, listening to the constant thrum. It made Steve blush when Tony brought it up, as if it were a silly thing to do, but Tony understood. Of course he did. He loved the sound of Steve’s heart as much as Steve loved the sound of his. The proof that he was there, that he was alive, that there was still hope. Sometimes when Tony couldn’t sleep, his mind too full of the what-ifs, the ideas, the fears and anxieties, he’d settle his hand over Steve’s chest and just listen. Let the thoughts fall away and leave only the sound of Steve to surround him. He’d count the beats all the way up into the hundreds some nights.
Steve grabbed the frame of the window and pulled upward, clutching Tony by the coat before he could slip off and fall. “Are you out of your mind?” Steve hissed, “what if you’d fallen? How did you even get
“The people after you are Avengers too, remember,” Steve whispered, “plus- who knows who he’s found yet. Maybe Nat. You really wanna risk running around the tower when you have the Black Widow gunning for you?”
He was fucking tired. What the fuck was it with people setting off fireworks a week in advance to the fucking celebration? It made no fucking sense and Steve was sick of coming back to himself after a minute of sheer panic and realizing he’d crawled under his fucking bed to stop the non-existent shrapnel burying itself in his skull-
Steve nodded, and wondered if Tony really believed that.
His hand found Tony’s in the darkness, and he curled his fingers around Tony’s desperately. “I’m… Tony, I’m so sorry.”
Thankfully, Sam got the message. With a soft sigh, he bumped his shoulders against Steve’s and leaned back, the picture of nonchalance. Steve was grateful for Sam every day- for knowing him so well and being so observant. “I’m glad,” he said, before kicking Steve in the shin, “but also, whilst you were gone sulking all that time, you left me to deal with Clint and Natasha in the middle of one of their arguments. Alone. I ain’t ever gonna forgive you for that, buddy, that’s a place you should never leave a friend.”
“He’s not even been caught yet- what the hell
Tony’s hand curled sharply around his wrist, holding him in place; and when he turned back to him the boy was staring up in horror.
Bucky glared at him, and then pointedly stroked the wheel again. Steve just sat back, muttering “next time I want a lift I think I’ll just call Tony again. ‘Least he can drive.”
through substance abuse, by any chance?” Steve said, looking at him with a frown. There were no two ways about it- he hated the sort of things Tony did to himself on a seemingly regular basis, and how that appeared to be one of the main factors as to why all his buddies stuck around.
“Well, we’re both very wise individuals,” Bucky shrugged and then had the nerve to look offended when Steve burst out laughing. “Hey- I am wise as fuck, I don’t know what you’re grinning for, just because I have a tendency to act like an asshole doesn’t mean I can’t be a wise one-“
off me,” Steve growled, yanking away as hard as he could against their hands as they tried to shove him backward. It wasn’t much use though- two versus one, and Steve wasn’t exactly fighting material, no matter how many times he managed to get into them.
“You know, hair-petting isn’t like some magical cure-all,” Tony informed her, which would have been a strong argument had she not in that moment curled her fingers just behind his ear and caused an involuntary hum of appreciation to fall from his mouth. “Although I suppose it helps a little bit,” he conceded through a mumble.
There was a small pause, and then a giggle and a sudden pattering of feet. Steve’s mouth turned up into a smile and he dropped his bag, watching the little whirlwind appear around the corner and rush up to meet him. “Hey Daddy!”
“I think she worries just the right amount,” Steve looked over to him, settling his hand firmly against Tony’s thigh, “I’m very glad she called. Don’t like the thought of you being alone when all this is going on.”
Tony swallowed, turning his head. Steve leaned down and kissed him gently, his hand cupping around Tony’s jaw. A slightly confusing response, sure, but Tony would take it.
Tony glanced briefly around him, looking at the rest of his friends as they pointedly talked amongst themselves while sat at the table. He didn’t fail to notice the glance and quick wink that Bruce sent his way though, and remembered the fact that he had been feverishly mumbling all sorts of incriminating things to the other man only a few hours ago.
,” he breathed, continuing to bounce up and down on the balls of his feet, “fucking…. God, I’ve got so much to do, so many upgrades I need to make- oh, do I get to come with you to Montreal now? Shit, fuck, I remember!” He pulled away a fraction and then kissed Steve messily, laughing halfway through. “Thank you. I love you.”
“You’re doing it right now, I bet,” Jan laughed a little, patting his arm, “trying to find excuses for what I said because the idea that he might just like you is
Steve smiled smugly at Tony and then hopped off the table. “Thank you, Doc,” he said with a nod, gently taking the hand away from his chest and then clasping it into his own as he began to pull Tony out of the room with him.
Steve didn’t argue. He knew it was true, and this was beyond their own personal issues with it. This was about Peter’s safety—and that was fast becoming one of the most important priorities they had, period. “I’ll be there with you,” he offered instead, “you won’t have to look at it all alone.”
“I should probably get a bit of shut-eye,” Tony said eventually, after the next round of silence got too long, “been a long day of doing nothing again. Wish I was wherever this message is being transmitted to. Rhodey, Steve—whoever the hell it is watching this, you gotta do me a solid and keep going, alright? Save people. Possibly fix everything. You know the drill.” He sighed, sadness and regret radiating off his body as he shuffled upright and then raised a hand to what Steve had to assume was his own helmet. “See you all on the other side.”
And of course, because it was just his luck, someone swooped down- had to be Tony himself, obviously, seeing as no one else got that close- and looked over his shoulder before he could even put the damn thing away. “What’s that?”
Unfortunately, it was very difficult to plan anything when you had people like Tony Stark living in the same tower as you. That man was predictably unpredictable. Damn him.
“Aww, it’s okay Petey-bird, everyone goes through one. I’m sure
“If I’m allowed to touch you, just give me a nod,” he said.
Steve laughed, and for a moment Tony looked hurt, but then Steve just shook his head and pressed his hand into the side of Tony’s face. “Tony, darling, of
“What were you saying?” Rumlow jeered, the dual action of intense pressure on Steve’s windpipe and truly unbelievable pain in his midsection being enough for Steve to nearly black out completely, “talk all you want, Rogers, but that’s all you are. Big words and a pretty face. I’m gonna snap your neck and no one will even fucking care. Your friends are dead or estranged, your life is meaningless. You should’ve joined us at HYDRA. We could have given you purpose. Now you’re just gonna die as nothing but a stupid whore—”
“Well,” Clint said, breaking the heavy silence as he hopped onto the counter and wiped the blood off his face, “I take it social services are out now, then?”
'I'm selfish, but I'd do anything to be here with you forever.'
“Okay, Rogers,” her hands clapped once more, and he didn’t even bother fighting the next needle, “but I promise you, you’re going to cave next time.”
“You have
“You like the ears?” Steve grinned, leaning forward in order to get his hands around Tony’s waist and pull him in so that Tony was transferred from his own seat and into Steve’s lap. Once that was done, he grabbed the shiny black plastic on the table and then opened it up, sliding them onto Tony instead. Tony smiled and batted his lashes, feeling the way his boyfriend’s grip tightened around his hips, the way his eyes darkened. “You, uh- you suit them better than me,” he declared in the end, voice a little throaty.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat, his hands going tighter around Tony and holding him close. It had been a horrible few days, and they were undoubtedly going to stick with him for a while. But he had Tony with him, and Tony was alive, and Steve was never ever going to be the one to change that. He was certain.
Steve kept his hand in Tony’s hair as the man slowly woke; his eyes fluttering open and spotting Steve immediately. Steve just continued to let his fingers play against Tony’s nape, against the adorable curls that looped across the back of his head when it went too long without a cut.
There was a sudden burst of laughter to his left and he turned curiously, watching a girl with dark, bobbed hair lean forward against the wall and hold her head in her hands. Her shoulders were shaking with laughter, and when she finally turned her head back up again, he recognised Jan- the one who was friends with Nat- smiling back at him.
"You were bored anyway."
Ian nodded slowly, but he wasn’t as sure as they were. He wanted it to be true. It seemed right, but if the HJ had taught him anything it was that people didn’t always do what was right. After all, it had been months since James had nearly ruined his book and Ian could not honestly say that he’d completely forgiven him. Maybe it was time to change that he thought, bighting his lip.
“These are curtains,” She decried haughtily. “You can’t dress us in curtains. Father would be furious.”
“Whoa, boss, I think you need to lie down.” Harold cautioned, as he weaved on unsteady feet.  The lights were too bright, Steve thought as the room spun.
Tony stared, flabbergasted in a way that he was neither used to nor particularly fond of. They were so maddening! If Tony hadn’t witnessed it with his own eyes, he’d never believe that Bucky hadn’t tried to kill Steve that very morning. Now he just walked back in and they shook hands as if nothing had ever happened?
He rolled his head to the side, his face heating with the memory.
Dvorak barely had a moment to admire the woman's strong constitution, and Rogers apparent good taste in partners, when the man in question surprised them all by pulling violently away from the woman with all the strength available to him, as if she'd turned into some sort of ghoul just inches from his face.
Because Stefen was looking at him again, like he really cared about the answer (like knowing Tony was something worth doing) and he’d already come to terms with how weak he was when it came to that look.
The children looked absolutely enchanted by the idea. Maria’s eyes sparkled as she nodded with the resolution of a soldier given orders to march. She and Tony were such a pair, grinning at one another from across the table and for the first time in a long while Steve's hands itched for his charcoals. But the beautiful sight was soiled by Tony turning just so, the shadows flickering over his face becoming contusions and wounds. It was the same with Maria, bruises going up her arms and legs from where the men had grabbed her. The change happened so quickly from one moment to the next it was hard for him to know which version of them was real.
Perhaps we should take a break and pick up again later?
Stefen was the only one fully dressed at the table and Bucky suspected it had very much to do with trying to appear healthy and whole and far from the invalid he’d been these weeks prior. Or perhaps he was cold. Bucky’s forehead creased in a worried frown. Well, he was bundled in a thick sweater and blanket and if the residual heat Sara always seemed to emanate, wiggling all over his lap, didn't help warm him any then it was a lost cause. Not to mention Stefen was practically bumping elbows with Ian they were sat so close.
Bucky arched an eyebrow, unimpressed. “I’m here aint I? Start talking. I'm listening.”
“Yeah… I expect you’ll be glad to see your family what with everything going on?”
Péter all but caused a collision stopping in the middle of the drive to snarl at his brother in reply. “Shut your mouth, James-”
Tony had not known he was going to say it until just before the words slipped out, but as he might have predicted Stefen jerked as if Tony had slapped him.
“Since we were small. He’s my best friend.”
The children continued their lessons as well as their mandatory hours in the German Youth programs and Tony’s evenings were split between trying to set a plan for the future, and doing his very best to arrange a path for that future to involve the eight people he was very certain he did not wish to live without. That included coming up with creative ways to combat the toxic waste they were ingesting every weekday afternoon at their programs, so needless to say, time seemed to fly by until thoughts of the strange pair of twins who had landed on their doorstep had all but faded.
“The radio we built. I’ve passed messages before, at select times, presumably when it was least likely to be picked up by the Germans. If we do this, we won’t have that assurance.”
Master of the house indeed. He could have been sitting on rubbish and made it seem like throne.  Tony sounded more like an irritated Rom Baro than his children’s tutor. Not at all like the friend he had come to cherish. Not like the man that he-
Steve frowned deeply in thought as the memories slowly trickled through his mind. They'd only taken James a few times that he could remember. He’d still been so small that Virginia had spent most of her time with him and Ian on the shore. Maria had been the baby then, tucked safely in her crib at the house watched over by the nurse maid.
"When I am Péter's age and done with my primary schooling, I could take the exam in order to go on with my schooling but would it be right? We were told, a true German woman knows she is not to be like those prideful women who try and compete with men. The future of our nation depends on our careful selection of only the best sort of mate and our dedication to motherhood. We will turn our attention to where it belongs. The noble pursuit of motherhood. "
“Alright?” Tony gaped at him, unsure if this was more teasing or if Stefen really had just said that.
Bakhuizen placed a hand over the boy’s mouth, muffling his words and shook his head with exasperation.
“There is nothing to be ashamed of. In any of it. You know that don’t you?”
“They were trying to cross back over the border. A squad had lined them up naked and weeping. Bare like that, you might not even know they were Jews but for the circumcision. One even looked a bit like you Senior Leader.” Khalmmer recounted with a wan smile. “I suppose it made me feel a kind of sympathy, but when I asked he confirmed he and all his family were Jewish. We shot them, children and all. They fell back into the ditch like sacks of meat and I… I agree with Rogers. There has to be a better way. A kinder solution.”
“You mean the rich and ridiculous?” Tony drawled, shifting once more so that he could brace his elbows against the couch and look down at Stefen who was chuckling at him.
~*~*~
“You're a fool.” She said sweetly.
Schmidt’s colorless eyes followed Steve and the other test subjects as they made their way down the stone steps and into the yard where a table was set up. The head doctor and three other officers Steve didn't recognize were sitting behind the table amongst a mountain of paperwork. Schmidt stood off to the side with a line of SS men, watching on. Steve and the other subjects were made to walk in a wide circle around the courtyard. That was it. Just walk and then run when the whistle blew and then walk again. Walk, run, walk, run, walk again, Steve just followed the shaved head of the man in front of him step after step, letting the minutes bleed into hours. He didn't know how long he walked in the dusty snow because he wasn't tired, and nothing hurt. At least it didn’t hurt any more than burn that had taken up permanent residence in his bones. That coupled with the disjointed and hazy nature of his thoughts almost made the exercise pleasant.
Steve turned his head. A little girl was singing. He couldn’t see her. Over the din of vendors hawking their wares and the screech of gulls, the sound of her voice was nearly lost; but Steve was drawn to the sweet sound of it. It reminded him of being small, sitting with Bucky in the back of his father’s vardo listening to Bucky’s mother sing as she did the mending, the fields of Galicia rolling past them. The songs Rachel sang for them weren’t just entertainment for young boys, but the tools they used to pick up the languages of the gadje whose lands they lived on. His Czech never became as fluent his Polish, but he could ask for food, beg for work, and find his way home again.
Steve had never met anyone quite as insufferable and comforting all at once.
“I’ve spent weeks trying to figure out what to make of you… Doesn’t really matter though. You’re just another fire, Stark. He might need you, but that doesn’t mean I’m about to let him get burned.”
“Is this it?”
Tony hadn't thought of that, and he couldn’t say it didn’t give him a moment pause; but in the end he knew what Bruce would say and he could guess at what the imprisoned Brothers would as well.
Over seventy men. They had twenty. Not good odds but Bucky had gone up against worse.
But they must talk, sooner or later. And when they did, Tony rather thought the Captain would put an end to what was growing between them for good, as he would be wise to do. Still, Tony couldn’t say he wasn’t holding on to the sweet hope of promise he’d glimpsed in Stefen’s eyes when he’d begged Tony to attend that dinner in Berlin with him (when he’d promised that Tony could do or see whatever he wanted, have whatever pleased him). The same promise he’d seen again in every hungry stare Tony had caught pinned on him from across a table or a room since they’d shared that damnably short kiss.
He could do this all day.
Artur was beside himself chasing pigeons and then a stray cat napping on a step. Sara gasped and shrieked when the water fountain in the town square shot water straight into the air and droplets sprinkled their faces. The amount of times one of the bicycles Tony had repaired went crashing to the ground as its owner scuttled off to point out some benign object or wondrous new sight, had Tony in a constant state of cringing.
“No, don't do that Tony. Father?”
“Oh, because he knew
“I could live with some attraction between us.”
, Tony.”
"Done," Tony raised the hammer and sat back on his heels, wiping his forehead. He smiled at James but rather than share in their triumph, the boy had fallen quiet again. He was staring moodily at the back of the door, finger poking the head of the nail they'd used in the bar.
“Yes.”
“If we let this chance slip past us we are
“It’ll need to be done sooner I’m afraid,” Tony responded with an apologetic wince. At Joshua’s raised eyebrow he offered the excuse, “The Captain wants it done before the party.”
"There you are, a way you can help." Tony jumped on the suggestion, shooing Péter away with one hand as he returned to trying to divest the captain of his shirt with the other.
But when Ian’s gaze finally found him, rising from his seat, he was grim and silent. A muscle in his cheek bone twitched, making him look as if he was trying not to be sick. He seemed to not notice Ian at all as he approached father, eyes sharp and fierce like he intended to shout at father. But his voice was almost too low to be heard when he did speak in a calm and measured tone.
"I'd cram my fist down your throat for that, if I wasn't so happy to hear you speak in Romany again." Bucky drawled in their native tongue with an indolent smile and Steve started, glancing around as if he expected to find someone else in the room, but of course Bucky was still talking to him and that meant he had to have just been shouting at his best friend in Romany.
He was wrong. But she couldn’t say anything. Mustn’t say anything.
-FIOT
“Sure.” Bucky answered with a lazy smile and Steve didn’t protest. Coulson slowly withdrew a small envelope and slid it across the table towards Steve.
Tony took a slow breath, not sure what the feeling constricting his chest was. He nodded in response and Péter ducked into the bathroom, shutting the door with a snap, as eager to escape the awkward situation as he was. Well, Tony thought to himself as he set about making the bed, all thoughts of finishing his letter to Farkas banished until morning. His first night down and it could have been worse. Péter could have slipped and splattered on the ground below. That would have been a rather unfortunate end to this misadventure. Instead he’d hopefully wrangled some of the boy’s trust and their future dealings would be easier.
Tony grabbed his hand and held on tight. That was all Steve needed.
The night wore on, and Steve did his best in it to keep a hold of himself, but it was hard not to feel marooned in the sea of guests all decked in their very best attire, rich browns and subtle green. While the women were all in tasteful but expensive clothes, nearly all the men were in some uniform or other. Shades of glittering black and silver, splashes of red on their arms. All swirling around room like a pack of flies.
Czechoslovakia was lost but If he could get confirmation that they intended to move on Poland next, it might urge his contacts in British parliament to move.
Most of the other children in the group were dull as knives to Natacha but she was careful not to let it show. James and Artur had run ahead with the Fennhoff twins (a boy and a girl, nine years of age) while Natacha and Ian walked more sedately with the older children.
"I'll be as quick as I can. Sounds like we caught whatever it is early, yeah? Erskine can't have gone far with all this snow we're having. I'll be back before nightfall you'll see."
"Might was necessary!" Neuman slammed his hand down on the desk making Tony jump. "Might Herr Stark. The might to overpower the blockade of enemy ships who prevented us from receiving new supplies and food for our people. The might to press upon their shores and make them know fear and hunger the way we knew it."
They couldn’t know that before Tony’s arrival the children had not been outside their own home in three years and even before that they’d not traveled far. They couldn’t know that they had a list of mysterious ailments as long as Tony’s arm that had prevented them from going to public school or (until recently) engaging in the mandated Nazi youth program.
Their shoulders sagging in relief the three of them rushed to the bed, climbing in beside their sisters as the bathroom door opened and Péter reappeared. He looked surprised to see the lot of them there but pleased as Tony waved him over to join them.
There wasn't much Tony could do about the fool in love part of it now, but in the interest of not dying any earlier than he could help, he’d had to say goodbye to his beloved beard. It was too meticulously grown, not to mention salacious in composition, to ever be mistaken for an Austrian style. And certainly not a German one either.
They glared at him, ominous as crows and Tony stood for a moment in defeat, battling a sudden and punishing desire to turn tail, morbidly aware of the life he was leaving behind (the safety). Tony gripped the cold iron bars in his hand and let his forehead fall against the gate. He found himself wondering again what it was for. The good of everyone.
He meant it as a threat and it was, but to his shame it sounded like pleading in his ears.
And Steve didn’t mention it, but he was increasingly aware that even if the current minds behind Stark industries weren’t as brilliant as Hughard Stark had been, he knew someone that was. He’d never been more grateful for whatever on earth it was that had driven Tony to decide to forgo ships and weapons and pursue the faith. The thought of what the Reich could do with a mind like his at their disposal was frightening.
He pushed off the door frame and made his way toward Ian, an inexplicable expression in his dark eyes.
Though Stefen believed it to be a waste of precious money, Tony had secured two tickets for that evening’s performance of The Sleeping Beauty at the City Theater. It had been surprisingly well booked for a show put on by a new company, relatively unknown and untraveled but for Istria. The war in Europe, which had hobbled the tours of larger companies with their
Tony sucked in a harsh breath, his heart aching. Promise number one: never lie to them. He’d made the children very few promises but he remembered that one.
There were more than a few of the boys from Péter's squad and others hanging about the square who were tossing looks her way or attempting to flirt with her, and everyone said that when she graduated the program she was sure to marry only the noblest and highest of officers.
God, Sam. What had he done? There had to be someone to reach station, get in contact…
You made it through! A few things of note we want to point out:
The wardrobe in the bathroom connected to her parents’ room had always been one of Natacha’s favorite places for hiding. It was large enough for a small girl to use the drawers as a ladder and settle inside the cupboard, and full of soft things like towels and clean linens for cushion. She was on the older side of twelve now and the fit was tighter, but thankfully she was still slight enough to manage it – though it would have been painfully embarrassing to be discovered that way.
“With my life.” Kirk replied with immediate conviction and Bucky could only let it go in the face of that kind of certainty. “Now what is it you want Bakhuizen? Another run?”
Steve’s heart pounded in his chest cataloguing the numerous places someone could hide in those shadows. He tugged the cap he wore lower on his head and proceeded, keeping alert for even the slightest change in his surroundings. Nothing did, and he made it to the door unaccosted. He knocked twice before he heard the sound of slow footsteps approaching the door.
Stefen held his gaze for a moment and then it flicked away, back to the door. Dismissing the conversation just like that.
"Thank you for that, and tempted as I am to simply accept your adoration at face value, I care about you far too much to let you go on thinking there isn't a big difference between reading a book and years of experience." Tony smiled at him but it didn't reach his eyes. There was something very wistful about his expression. Sad, Péter thought with disquiet. Tony seemed very sad just then. His voice was subdued when he continued.
Grinning, Tony swallowed the last bite of his (admittedly delicious) sandwich and stuck his tongue out, and Ian’s stony expression finally cleared as a chuckle bubbled up out of his chest.
Tony made a sour face.
Steve’s throat clicked as those adults nearby tittered, and he locked eyes with Charlotte who flinched and looked away. But it was done now.
Stefen's mouth tightened, a haunted expression fleeting through his eyes and Tony knew even if he wouldn't say it, what would make a pair sign a confession of guilt and swear to leave their home and their children behind them.
There was a long silence, then a gruff hiss of irritation followed by more steps, this time heading away from Steve. He swallowed, the itching in his throat worsening and his chest beginning to burn with the urge to cough.
“Your broadcasts have been intercepted,” Coulson informed them as Stefen began to nod and a chill came over the room as they all stopped and stared at him.
“Was that all? I wouldn’t want to keep you from your important work harassing children.” he heard himself say. A risk. But the agent just smiled, letting the silence of his departure leave plenty of space for Deiter’s own conscience to speak.
“I can hit a bullseye upside down with me eyes closed. Every time.” Clint replied, sticking his lean upper body through the open space.
Tony was still grinning as they made their goodbyes and he hung the earpiece back into the cradle. He nearly jumped a foot with an emasculated yelp when he turned to find Natacha, who had slipped in at some unknowable point, standing right beside his chair.
His lip curling, the shopkeeper reached for the phone beside the bed.
The slate closed again, this time with finality and Steve staggered away from the abbey door. He didn’t make it very far before his legs gave out, and he landed hard on his ass in the snow.
“The hitlerjugend has never flourished like it has underneath your leadership,” Khalmmer pointed out and Striker’s smile widened.
She hurried back to slip her hand in his and he started, blinking down at her in surprise but he followed her without protest. When her hand was back in his, Artur tugged them both along to catch up with the others, casting only one nervous look toward the bar where Lt. Stevens was wrapped up in conversation with the baroness.
- The Farm -
Thor looked to the duchess and they shared another moment of silent communication before Siv extended her hand to him, and Thor took it gratefully, pulling her out of her seat and to his side. She looked like she fit there, Steve thought with a pang worryingly close to jealousy. Not perhaps, for Siv herself… but for the unmistakable intimacy they shared, the trust and the support they lended to one another. He’d had that once.
The people on the radio weren’t telling the truth. Nobody was going to know what the Nazis had really done.
“Vati!” Artur extracted himself from Tony’s arms so fast he all but trampled Maria to do it. She could not seem to decide if she wanted Tony or her father yet. She clutched at Tony with her cold mittens, eyes wide and overwhelmed as she simply stared at her father and her brothers as if they might all just be part of a mirage. Tony scooped her up and pressed a kiss to one wet cheek.
Tony knew he would not have opened up to someone that way.
Charlotte turned away from the other woman with a shiver. She found herself a little afraid of Virginia and she was very displeased with the realization. Charlotte was not the monster here! Not to blame for the horror that was swallowing up the world, but she was to be judged harshly for trying to survive in it just the same. Oh well, she would weather it, as she did everything life through her way. This unpleasantness had gone on long enough.
“It’s a series of short stories about the life of an adventurer and his brother. They travel all over the world looking for ancient artifacts, battling barbarians, wooing pretty women and the like. The stories could be better in my opinion but the artwork is so thrilling it makes up for it.”
“Which of you looks more miserable. You or the baroness.”
“What is this?” he asked, looking around in wonder at the inexplicably beautiful sight.
Olasz glanced back at him and then gestured back to the window. “Have a look outside Major.”
“Buck.”
“Why were you yelling?” Maria asked tentatively from beneath Natacha’s arm and father didn’t answer, just ducked his head to press it against Sara’s.
“You mean those funny looking things are supposed to look that way?” Joshua shot back with a wide grin as he warmed up the instrument. Turning toward Stefen and Bucky he prompted, “After you gentlemen.”
“What about you? You like arachnids. You remind me of one of the brothers, I think you’d like him, brother Banner-”
“How about Scott. Scott Lang,” Bucky suggested, but Coulson shook his head again.
“The kind with singing and dancing, and cake.” Tony shot back, trying to keep the exasperation out of his voice. James was moody because he was tired, dirty, and afraid. But they were all tired, dirty and afraid. Tony was all they had, but sometimes he just wanted to shout at them to just do for themselves for five minutes. Five minutes where he didn’t have to smile or put a good face on for someone else. But there was nowhere to go to be alone in the cabin besides the loft, and history had shown he’d just be followed by one duckling or more if he tried to retreat up there.
Stefen and Peggy had always presented such a united front to the world that had rejected their union. It had put stars in Charlottes eyes, spoiled her for the politely contemptuous union her parents shared. She’d always said she’d never marry for anything less than love.
"I saw him in the window. Can we light a fire Vati?"
“My oldest son has a heart condition and will be home this school year. I have a private doctor to see to him, so you needn’t concern yourself. I expect him to be, if not ahead of his peers, keeping up with the rest of the school children. There is no exception in this, Herr Stark. Do you understand? They are not to waste their summer away day dreaming. Frau Hogan will give you the paperwork for the new school year.”
Father still didn’t move, his gaze shifting form something black and fathomless to smooth and expressionless, every inch the captain, soldier, every inch unrecognizable. He tilted his head, as if the baroness had asked for the weather. He opened his mouth to reply when they were interrupted by a frightened wail.
“Stefen, I am as upset as you are that the children disobeyed us,” Tony began, his voice drawing Stefen forward, out of the dark tunnel he’d fallen into. Good.  He blinked, the light pricking at his eyes as the crisp fall morning and the streets of the Riviera came back into focus. A pale blue sky looked down upon the tree lined streets, encompassing them in rolling waves of red and gold. The influence of the Austro-Hungarian empire was so strongly visible here in the baroque buildings; it felt a bit like they’d stepped out of a dream and were back at home in Salzburg.
The Rogers family make their escape across the mountains. It does not go well. This is not that silly musical they made that ignored everything
He was sad of course to hear about Ollie Boesch, but he had never really met the man. Beyond the brief glimpses caught when Herr Boesch came to make his weekly deliveries they’d never had an occasion to interact, but he’d seemed a gentle sort. His good mornings and well-wishes had always struck Tony as perfectly neighborly.
“His asthma.” He murmured lowly and Tony’s frantic mind did manage to remember it had been on the list of the children’s illnesses. Honestly that list had been so long that it had all begun to blur before Tony had even finished reading what was wrong with Péter. He felt a flash of guilt, because somewhere along the line after he’d become suspicious of Péter’s heart condition he’d begun operating under the assumption that he need not mind that list at all.
“It can be awful hard to apologize sometimes. I’m sure James just felt embarrassed, or that we might not forgive him.” Péter explained softly. He gave Tony a poignant look. Something not quite amusement but far from the despair he was growing familiar with bubbled up in Tony’s chest.
“I realized that actually. That suit you have is…”
Stevie might not have them tonight, Bucky mused. He
Péter didn’t want to break Tony’s heart or his trust again so soon after the first time.
Tony’s father probably would have approved. Fuck. What was wrong with him?! It didn’t matter whether James learned a damn thing Tony decided. This wasn’t the way. He should never have lost his temper.
Stark raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Their conversation on the terrace echoing suddenly in Steve's memory.
Christ on a mule, didn't anyone ever get tired of saying that?!
The man was either truly mad, or up to something. Bucky was determined to figure out which.
“Thank you,” Steve wished he was more than just pieces, more than just raw emotions and jagged edges, so that he could show her the depths of just how thankful he was, but he didn’t have that within him. The only thing he could give her now was to leave as quickly as possible. “I’m better off on foot.”
“I do worry you might be right.”
And Steve could see it in his eyes, that he would rather run Steve over in the street than stop for him, he braced for the hit; but the man let out a shout of surprise as the back of his door was suddenly yanked opened, swinging violently on its hinges.
"What about you?" Péter asked and Tony’s eyebrows arched in faux surprise.
Only it wasn’t. And as if to underscore that point there was a clatter somewhere inside the building and Steve swung around eyes darted over the darkened kitchen.
Was she afraid of him?
Steve strode to the door and jerked it open and straightened to his full height, filling the frame in a way he was sure blocked the captain’s view of his family.
With the children lined up and Tony finding a spot for himself and Stefen that hopefully didn’t look as impromptu as it felt, he gave Bucky the nod.
“Ships, Cap. Docking empire, I grew up by the sea.” Tony relented, offering as explanation still off balance in the conversation.
That was the whole conundrum, determining whether the only way forward (as Stefen insisted) was to join the Brits in the defense of Norway. Perhaps, considering anything else was truly wishful thinking that would only lead to the family’s demise. Tony didn’t think things were anywhere near so clear cut. He knew that even had Stefen been healthier of mind, the captain would not have stopped to consider any viable alternative that were to present itself.
Virginia stood and Steve caught her arm.
“Chemistry?” he finally offered, hesitantly. “The other governess said I was too young.”
Tony closed his eyes and bit back the threat of tears.
Well that was petty. He really could have just said so.
“But we had to ask,” Hoch quickly interceded. “Young men make mistakes and the Führer is nothing if not forgiving. If you felt up to the opportunity, Obadiah assures us he’d be willing to work with you. Help refine what gaps in knowledge you might be missing. You do understand what’s at stake here don’t you Herr Stark? If you two were to succeed, you’d be awarded the highest honors.”
“If they had taken you and the others and it was me, trying to find you, they’d help me, and you’d want them to.” He squeezed her hand gently, understanding how hard it was for her to let go either way. Her mouth pinched, expression shuttering until her face was cool and blank once more.
"Major Rogers doesn’t have an accent, sir."
"A monk, but you’re so…” Bethany gaped, her eyes roving over him appreciatively before she realized what she was about, and a faint blush colored he cheeks.
“Oh there he is. Alex!” Bethany called out suddenly, lifting her arm to wave and catch the attention of a fair-haired man somewhere in his late twenties in polished shoes and a grey summer coat. The young man’s face split into a delighted grin and he began to fight the crowd in order to make his way towards her.
Steve made his way to the other side to where Sam waited, the trains steam pushing thick though the air between them.
SS. Chief Himmler’s Circular of December 8, 1938"
Hitler was on his way back to the Chancellery where they could easily outnumber him. But not hold him. Not without the army’s support. They could kill him still. Steve was fairly certain they could still carry out the plan and successfully kill the Führer but without the support of the army and the former heads of state, it would be a suicide mission. If they escaped arrest and the traitors’ deaths that waited for them, they’d have to flee the country.
But rather than announce what they’d all been hoping for weeks, that Stefen had escaped, they announced an execution date. The first of the month. Barely more than a week. That was how long Stefen had left to live. Oh god. Tony’s heart had sunk into his stomach, his chest so tight he struggled to take in his next breath as the room began to spin, his mind along with it.
“Of course I have the fucking papers.” Bucky groused reaching inside his pocket for two slim envelopes and thrusting them toward Steve with a glower. “Only late cause the car blew a tire and I had to wait on help. Should have seen me sweat riding with the patrol.”
“What are these?” She asked again, though it was obvious she already knew.
Oh and his command voice too! Even if it weren’t the best damn thing for Steve, Bucky would have dug his heels in just for that. When was Steve going to realize that had never worked on him?
He was back in the hall, most of his weight slumped against Tony, the wall bracing them both. Even still, Tony was trembling under his weight. Steve could feel it.  There were other hands on him besides Tony he realized. Bucky was behind him (always behind him) and he was helping shift Steve’s weight off of Tony’s smaller frame. How had they gotten out here?
He made a couple of rounds through the room while the band played a few lively dance numbers, assuring all those who asked that the children would be performing before bedtime hours caught up with them. He then made sure they were all accounted for, starting with the youngest. When he’d worked his way up to Natacha he blanched, finding her cornered in a corner of the ball room with Frau Ursala who was rubbing a coil of her red hair between two of her fingers and eyeing it like someone would something under a microscope.
He was. He lost his mother and our mother in very quick succession from scarlet fever. In those days it was not popular for a man to grieve openly. I suppose he felt he had to button it all up and carry on for us.
March 1940
When the beautiful woman who had been singing on stage moments before made her way through the crowd in an obvious beeline for Stefen, Charlotte slipped her arm in his and stepped closer, unsure why she felt as upset as she did.
Khalmmer groaned, leaning his head back as he took a long drink muttering to himself, “Here I’d wanted to spend Christmas in Linz.”
“It's alright, everything's alright.”
Still, the drive was no picnic. He almost would’ve preferred to stay on the streets. It was confined and cramped with nine of them. And the door kept unlatching and threatening to spilling Steve out onto the road. Artur was forced to make himself as small as possible and wriggle close enough to hold it shut with a white knuckled grip. All the while they feared who would get it in their minds to have a try at the automobile.
“Take them.”
~*~*~*~
"Dance with me," he entreated her with a smile and the girls pretty plump cheeks flushed a violent red. Hortense was always blushing and sighing after him whenever he came to the kitchens.
"But not respect. Not really. " Tony murmured, staring at Stefen in such a way that he'd have been blind to miss the real point: that Stefen had earned his. He was sure now that what he’d glimpsed between the two men was nothing short of love. Genuine, tested and unfailing.
in the world. And my…what they’d done with it.
“That isn’t funny. “ Stefen warned darkly, rising from his seat. His heart was slamming in his chest though every inch of him was battle ready. “You’re drunk.”
Good, James thought, nodding to himself. They could make dye then.
“What are they doing?” he heard Artur ask curiously behind him and that feeling of tightness in his chest just got tighter.
. Prey limping away from the lion. Oh god.  Steve sucked in an excruciating breath, his chest heaving with breathless sobs. The children. The cabin. Bucky must have done it. They had escaped.
“Do you need-” Ian started, half raising in his seat looking panicked and Bucky swore under his breath, holding out a hand to stop him. “I’m fine, Chavo. I promise. Just, everyone be quieter.”
Still he was exhausted and nothing short of the second coming was going to pull him out of bed before noon.
He wanted to protest, but Tony had never heard such naked pleading in Stefen’s voice before.
James and Artur wanted to see the freak show but Tony did not seem eager and Stefen resolutely turned them away when he spotted a tent at the entrance with a bright painted sign out front that heralded people to come have their palms read.
The table was silent, save for the sound of laughter and Bucky realized it was him laughing like he’d lost his mind. He pushed himself away from the table, still heaving with laughter, ignoring the concerned stares aimed his way.
Because Frauline Werner mustn’t know. Nobody must know. Those people, her Baka’s people, were on the list. They were enemies of the Reich. They were just like that old man… and Natacha shuddered, unable to stop from picturing her Baka as she’d last seen her.
Death smelled like leaves fallen from their branches, rotting upon the soil; and it smelled like unwashed bodies congesting the square, as displaced people from the regions of Bohemia and Moravia, sought refuge from German occupation on Italian shores.
"I was anxious. Not bored."
There would be no more hiding. No more safety in sheep's clothing. The end would come that much quicker.
The way that Steve clung to him told Tony that he felt it too, the urgency brought on by knowledge of their perilous situation. Take now, or forever hold your peace. Steve’s mouth was so hot, his taste sublime with lingering notes of orange and cinnamon from Willamina's wine, but it was the way that Steve keened, deep and low in the back of his throat like a desperate thing, that made Tony deepen the kiss, sweep his tongue through the heat of Steve's mouth with the wantonness more than two decades as a monk couldn't stomp out of him.
But Charlotte was cut off by Artur’s sudden gasp. He was staring at her like she’d put her head on backwards. And it was only the utter devastation on his face that helped her realize, too late, that he’d taken for granted Stefen’s time with them, these long weeks on tour, the family following behind him. In Artur’s mind Stefen had been back to stay for good, the family never to be separated again.
He'd even read it to Stefen, who had asked about the faraway look in his eyes and Tony had digressed into stories about his mama and the adventures they’d take visiting her family in the Jewish quarter of the city. He found himself telling Stefen more than he’d ever told anyone, about his grandparents, and the aunt and uncle who lived close by but always just out of reach.
Then he turned and walked out of Tony’s life for what felt like the last time, disappearing into the crowd as the train whistle filled the station.
Maria nodded with all the seriousness of a legislature passing law and looked up at Stefen.
It reminded him of the old days. Back home with the familia. When he was a boy and too young and stupid to realize he didn't know a thing about the world. Back when it was just him, Rachol and Stevie looking out for each other. Bucky had known who he was then.
Steve allowed it to happen, because the music room had two exits (the main door and the serving door) and because Virginia didn’t give him much choice. He helped with the moving of mattresses and gathering of blankets as they got everyone settled into music room. Glad to have a plan of action again, finding each menial task soothing.
She was a whirlwind of movement, pulling out the contents of a basket he’d barely even registered that she’d been carrying under her arm, and plating a virtual feast from an assortment of jars and bowls, seemingly before she even needed to take a breath.
Ian pushed past Dagmar and ran to hug Tony. Tony didn’t look startled to hear Ian call him that, just desperately relieved. He let out a ragged sort of cry as their bodies collided and held onto Ian so tight, he almost crushed him but Ian didn’t care. Tony was there and that meant Ian wasn’t alone anymore.
If father were here, he’d be the one to go. He wouldn’t want any of them to get hurt, the same way Tony didn’t want any of them to get hurt.
“Shh. Finish for me love. Go on. It’s alright. I’ve got you.”
"That's great..." Stefen seemed to decide as he said it, but he was obviously wondering what the hell it had to do with freeing his friends.
“We have to go Father. Your word is your bond.”
He’d told them, some vicious little voice kept whispering in the back of his mind. It didn’t matter in that moment that Stefen had just committed a capital offense in front of his staff. Hearing that god damn thing rip in two had been the most satisfying sound he’d ever heard. Music to his ears.
“He’s gentle but you scared him.” The woman said above him, her hands reaching down to pet the gnarled coat of the ancient looking animal.
"Better go and see what they've broken." Stefen encouraged with a sly glint in his eye and Tony opened them again to look at him, tempted to glare but unwilling to give him the satisfaction.
“… and after breakfast I’d like to go over some documents with you. I think they could tell us a lot about their strategy. Poland makes the most sense to me as a starting point but the talk surrounding Czechoslovakia can’t be ignored.” Steve was saying as he rifled through the stack of papers on his desk.
“I don’t understand, why -”
Bucky finished, and on the floor near his feet Maria sniffed back tears. Smiling softly Bucky leaned down and pulled her into his lap, not surprised when Artur scrambled up after her to squeeze into the space next to him.
She hesitated at the question, holding the ball close to her as if it were a shield. Tony’s heart squeezed.
with. Tony lumbered out of bed, nudging Artur awake (who was sprawled out like a starfish in the middle of the bed, one arm thrown over Maria) as he went.  If he did so with a scowl, it was only because he’d never been much of a morning person to begin with and he was dog tired on top of it.
His presence on this journey was more unsettling still. Fischer was not just the chief doctor at the state Sanitarium, he was the personal physician of more than several high-ranking S.S. officers, including Himmler.  And yet all it took was Rogers catching a cold to send one of the Reich's best off to the backwoods of Salzburgland?
His chest was going to explode. She had to understand. But even now he could see his grandmother's calm face the way he remembered it from childhood, the tilt of her chin as she listened. The stubbornness.
Steve narrowed his eyes and sighed in frustration.
“What do we need to bother with a bunch of Czech’s for anyway? They’re fine where they are.” Williminia sighed from over by the stove and thankfully Hammer’s attention moved away from his lowly charge and back to the cook.
Horizons are never far
Deep down in his bones, he knew that their father would have preferred anything but that. Anything.
“I’m not a child,” Ian broke in earnestly.
Schmidt had a cruel smile Charlotte decided and she regretted pitting him and the captain against each other. It had not been her intent.
Bucky gritted his teeth.
“You seek the ruin of a venerated officer, and for that you need evidence!” Steven’s silenced him with a snap, slapping a hand hard on the desk and rattling the inkwell on the corner. Hammer jumped and went mercifully silent.
~*~*~*~
He couldn’t just go up and knock could he? But he couldn’t very well break in either. Oh stuff it! He was cold, wet, and the gash on his cheek from his last crash with the sled was stinging. The rest of his face had gone numb long ago and his teeth were starting to chatter again now that he’d stopped moving. Desperate and determined, Ian pushed the sled under the fence and crawled after it on his hands and knees.
Steve would have thought he was easily the most imposing person in the room (which was quite the feat when said room was stuffed full of seasoned generals, SS officers, and political giants) if he weren't standing next to his wife.
Thinking on the incident Tony couldn’t help but wonder how many friends Péter had. He certainly only wrote to a few that Tony had observed and even then most of the letters leaving the house were addressed to the Osborn boy.
“General Schmidt! I must insist -”
It wasn’t going to happen, he thought adamantly, even as he remembered all the ways in which the Reich was pushing the men to have more children. It didn’t matter. They couldn’t force him and Charlotte to, to
"What about Péter?" Natacha asked, almost on a whisper. "What about him?"
It was a whirlwind after that. The crowd continued to push them forward and prohibited any of them from asking the questions poised to leap off their tongues. Péter was clearly as curious to know what Tony was doing there with a shaved face as Bruce was to ask how Péter had managed to get there, but there was nothing to do but keep shuffling with the line and quickly procure their tickets when they finally reached the window.
“I will have an audience with him, to hear firsthand how he and the brothers from Engelzell have been treated here.”
He stood there, a torrent of emotions rushing through him and tried to catch his breath. Alright, alright, don't trip, you’ll spill it all out. He chuckled mirthlessly.
Bucky grit his teeth, thinking sadly that he didn’t have to imagine anymore. He was no more sure of how to help draw Steve out of that dark place than he’d been back then.
“More than I can say of their father. Is the Captain always so… militant?” Tony hedged, half expecting to be told off for his impertinence, but he’d already gotten this far and he was unable to resist the urge to push further (one of his many personality flaws according to Father Niklas).
“Frighteningly so.” Rogers drawled and the smirk only widened. Now the resemblance was uncanny. Or perhaps not. He was the boy’s father after all. Why shouldn’t they resemble each other? Tony could not figure out why he always tempted to wax poetic where Captain Rogers was concerned. There was only one thing for it. Tony would take the man’s invitation to share his thoughts, because who was he to waste a perfectly good invitation like that. Smiling once more into his cup Tony took a fortifying sip before lowering cup and saucer to the table.
"How does it feel to be fifteen?" Tony asked turning back to Péter, finding himself very happy in the rare moment of peace between the four boys. Péter's chest puffed out a bit despite his nonchalant shrug.
Tony waggled his eyebrows suggestively and Stefen smiled, though it still seemed sad around the edges. His thoughts were still clearly on the lonely boy Tony had been, and maybe in a similar fashion, the lonely Romani boy that still lived somewhere inside of him.
“I told Lukas to take her and Danijella and get on a boat, months ago. Now what the hell is Jessika going to do?” Bakhuizen cursed through a stream of smoke, catching Tony’s attention once more. “That’s what trying to be a damn hero gets you.”
Tony smiled wanly. He wasn’t so sure.
“They want them. Don’t they?! Tony we can’t!” Natacha hissed fearfully under her breath, and Tony was glad that she had the forethought to keep quiet because his heart slammed in his chest when they did round a corner only to narrowly miss being spotted by Hammer, who fortunately had his back turned as he spoke lowly to one of the maids.
Ian glanced back at Da who was as still as a statue, but this time his gaze was on them again, on Ian. This time, for the first time, Ian could read the strange expression on his face and he felt the floor drop out from underneath him.
“If I remember to I’ll order a subscription” he said and her grin widened.
"Aren't you a spy? Why don't you tell me?" Under his collar and out of sight Tony twisted one of the red beads on his necklace between his bruised fingers. It was an obvious tell that he was nervous but it was better than the alternative, which was to pull at his hair and scream from the struggle of standing still.
Cap and Bakhuizen had ambled into view followed closely by James (who had opted to delay swimming in order to shadow his uncle) both with large armfuls of dry branches in their arms.
Frau Hogan kept all of the house supplies in the little cupboard over the sink. The dusty little brown bottle was in the back row, behind the extra torches and bandages. She'd have to wait until cook and the rest of the staff had gone home for the night and everyone was in bed, but nobody would notice it was gone. A little bit in his coffee every morning ought to have him puking by noon. At least she hoped so.
Tony shifts, and Steve snatches his arm, running his lips over the wrist and down Tony’s fingeres before wrapping Tony’s arm around himself. Steve was perfectly cinched between Tony and the sheets. He turned his head just enough to capture Tony’s mouth, slow but desperate all the same.
He buried his face in his pillow with a deep groan, biting into the soft fabric as he bucked into his fist, the bed frame rattling against the wall.
“Tony?!”
“But I think you are wise Frau Greer, in that a father does not like to think of his daughter pursuing motherhood – no matter what her age. We’ll just have to forgive how seasick your father looks, won’t we Natacha?”
“If I have Harold drive you in the morning, do you think that will give you enough time to get the children packed and change your lesson plans?” Stefen was asking and Tony blinked away the haze of his thoughts.
Stanislov was waiting for him in his father’s old study. Unlike the rest of the house the room had been dusted and the furnishings uncovered and polished. Stepping inside, Tony immediately noticed that the family portrait that had always hung over the fireplace – the one his father had commissioned the year Tony was born – was inexplicably absent, replaced by a portrait of a hound. That dog had always been a favorite of Stanislov’s, following him wherever he went. It bit Tony when he was four years old for trying to pet it. His mother wouldn’t let it inside after that.
No, they couldn't be, and Deiter couldn't shake the sense of unease that had settled over him after that. Even after they'd managed to get the children sorted in the car, the luggage packed away in the trunk, and on their way that uneasiness had stayed.  The captain's car led the entourage, and Deiter drove the car with the Baroness and the children as planned, sandwiched between the other two police cars.
“Oh, I’ve done my job.” Bucky said unslinging his weapon and raking a hand through his dirty hair. His smile was cheeky though, a familiar glint of mischief in his eye that usually meant he’d charmed his way into some woman’s bed. Steve frowned down at the sketch he was making, wondering when Bucky had found the time. Just because they had a cover story didn’t mean they could afford to be sloppy. If he found out Bucky had ditched his patrol he’d have to yell at him. Brother or no brother there was no preferential treatment in this squad.
Steve tensed, surprised by the confidence with which Ian challenged him.
**Please see the changes in the tags. We've added a warning for PTSD and its symptoms because for some reason it had not occurred to us that this might be triggering.
“We need to get inside. Go. Quickly,” he ordered, and the murmur of voices died quickly, fear and apprehension creeping back in as the adults scrambled to comply, ushering the children along as quickly as they were able.
Well, Tony reminded himself, he wasn't a powerless child anymore running from monsters. He'd turned the last ones who tried into ash at the bottom of a crater, and he'd do it again and again until there was nothing left but angels and peacemakers if he had to. It was the only way to win.
“Did you know?” Rogers bit out.
“Yes!” the captain loomed over him, crowding further into Tony’s space, but if he expected Tony to cower from the sheer size of him or the darkness of his expression alone, well then he didn’t know Tony Stark. “Following the orders I give you!”
"Everything is good. We are among friends. We are happy and well fed and soon we will be reunited with Father." Pietro prattled enthusiastically, but rather than cheer Wanda the girl's eyes pricked with tears and she turned away to stare back out at the water.
Steve was just glad both women appeared to have a solid head on their shoulders and their nerves weren’t easily shaken.
"Don’t fight each other.” She pleaded so softly he almost didn’t hear it, though she was only inches from him. “They want to bury their sins, but what the soil swallows the people must keep alive in memory."
“Because there’s a pretty little thing at the bar looking for a good time and you’re still sitting here putting up with me. What’s the matter Buck, can’t get up for it? Cause if that’s the case I’m always willing to assist.”
Ian, who happened to be sitting next to him, placed a consoling hand on David’s back and volunteered to go next. “It’s easy see, ‘
“You’re not taking. I’m giving. That’s what they’re for Tony. To be given.” Stefen insisted, his eyes soft and pleading as they gazed into Tony’s. Asking him for acceptance. Searching for understanding. “I want you to have them because I want you to know.”
They fly by like nocturnal shadows.
Another crack of thunder seemed to shake the house and the curtains billowed, rain flying into the room as the wind shifted. Belatedly Tony rushed to close the window they’d left gaping open. Finished, he grumbled under his breath something about leaving monkeys behind at the abbey as he turned away from it, only to yelp in alarm at the unexpected sight of another body in the room.
“Yes, and your Professor Kats is no longer around.”
From the bus at Šijana station to a train in Tieste, where he’d stop for a connection in Venice heading to Genoa. The stop in Venice was going to be the sticky part. It wouldn’t take Stanislov long to sort out Tony had flown the coop, and it wouldn’t be much longer before he realized the next best place to rope Tony in would be the closest major import. But if he was leaving the country by train there was no avoiding Venice, and there was no time to go by any other route. For the children’s sake, if not their own, Stefen had to make their appointment in Nice in eight days' time. That was all there was to it, and Tony would be damned if it happened any other way.
"What do you mean?”
"Don’t tell me what I have to do, Tony. My children are my business! I’ll take care of them."
“No more yelling,
He loved this man. For his wit and humor. For his sarcastic wicked nature. Through the haze of panic and weariness that fogged his mind that truth continued to burn bright. He loved Tony. There was some poem wasn’t there?
“Yes, Uncle Bucky?” She sounded young even to her own ears. Sweetly innocent. And that was good, because her heart was slamming and she knew she wasn’t. His brow furrowed, but he didn’t speak for a long moment.
“Stefen,” he jerked in surprise when Tony tugged on his arm to draw him back. “She’ll be alright Stefen. Let her go.”
He was thankful for the small heat lamp tucked between the milk crates in the back of the truck, to keep the milk from freezing in the early hours of morning. It was a long route between small towns in outer salzburgerland, and Bucky was lucky to have caught the dairy man before he started out. It might have taken him another day or two to reach the Villa on foot if he hadn’t. It had cost him the only money he had on him but the delivery man and his boy were a good sort, and had made good on their word to take him as far as the villa.
"Well not if we all freeze to death." Stefen grumbled, rubbing Sara's back with one broad palm. "Cameron’s usually here by now.  Though why Hammer hasn't -"
He'd never been accused of being mature. Brilliant, but never mature.
“What?” he snapped.
Those brown eyes had caught his, soft and electric, mouth slightly open and panting and Steve had been rattled down to his core.
He was lost to them when his butler's voice brought him back to the moment.
He didn't believe for a second that Thor would lose his wife of all people in a crowd or leave her for another man to escort out, war hero or not. This had to be it. He’d waited all night but nothing further of their private audience had been mentioned or said.
"Don’t know. Is stating a fact flirting?” Da smiled back at him, like he knew Ian was fighting it. “I told you your uncles better at this than I am."
“You’ll be back in time to see Péter off to school, won’t you Captain? He’ll be sorely disappointed if you’re not.”
When he’d been able to drag himself back indoors he decided that with the boys being occupied it was a good time to open the letter. A good idea. He was going to break something he was afraid, and the children did not need to witness that.
“I- I’m not suggesting you go back to Dachau.” she rifled for something in her pocket and withdrew a paper ticket a moment later. “The train station. I’ve purchased you a ticket. Toward Switzerland as far as the line will take you.”
"Fuck you, he's got me! I'd never leave him out there alone. "
"Yes, Sam has a gift with plants."
! Get us out of here!”
for Stefen to say. He didn’t have to wait long.
He couldn't even blame the bruise. The skin under his eye was no longer as tender as it had once been and the bruising had faded to a pale yellow he could easily cover in the morning with powders. He hadn't even thought about the makeup washing off during their swim.
“Stefen! Have you gone mad?” Tony barked, struggling to get free. Though Stefen’s step faltered as Tony’s arms and legs kicked out he showed no sign whatsoever of either remorse or heeding him. His grip got tighter if anything and Tony saw red. What the hell did the man think he was doing?!
"Stark! That's not the way to - Stark!" Péter heard the monk shouting after them but Tony didn't slow down and neither did he. Their footsteps were loud on the stones that made up the abbey cloister and echoed as they darted under an archway and into a shadowed path leading to a newer looking addition. This portion of the building was made of clean white stone and had a bright red roof. Tony led them to a smaller wooden door, which didn’t budge an inch when he pulled the handle.
He looked out the window, watching the street lamp lights and the way it made the rain slick stones on the building gleam like they were made of something else entirely. It reminded him of one of the books he’d sent Ian. A book about a kingdom in a lake.
“One-hundred-thirty thousand Reichmarks.” Martin replied succinctly and Tony arched his eyebrows, quickly doing the math. Farkas had been receiving a “donation” of close to five thousand marks a year since Tony had arrived, almost twice what the damn lawyer made. A tidy sum Tony’s ass.
It happened when Göring had searched them out through the crowd again, this time with the guest of honor and his entourage in tow.
Without looking up Rogers pushed the tray toward the Staff Sergeant.
“There’ll be plenty of time to wait later, Lieutenant. I promise.”
He scooted back, gesturing with one hand and Maria sniffed but eagerly crawled forward out of the dusty space. Artur followed behind her, a confused frown on his face.  He looked like he wanted to ask Tony what he'd meant even though he'd warned them not to say anything. He didn't understand Italian as well as she did. Maria caught his eye just as he opened his mouth and shook her head, pressing her finger to her lips.
Dvořák snorted, but he was curious despite himself. Who could Rogers be writing to that would take the time to read a penned letter from him? No one had time to decipher cave drawings.
Tony arrived at the hotel early, despite one of his pupils taking an unfortunate tumble down the shop steps –  he’d felt obligated to get the boy bandaged and in the hands of his parents before being on his way – but even so, when the hour ended and children began exiting the side entrance of the hotel, he did not see Natacha, though he looked and looked.
“Good. Burn everything that can be burned. Use only fresh linens and towels.” He instructed, rolling up his sleeves. Eyeing the fresh set someone had stacked by the bedside next to a clean bowl of water. “Where are the children?”
“I’m sure you will.” Bucky shrugged, reaching for a cigarette and the lighter he kept in his pocket. Steve watched him stoically as Bucky lit up, flicked the silver lighter closed and observed Steve like he was inspecting something interesting under a microscope.
“Why wait?” He questioned.
Tony’s lips burned against his skin and Steve’s heart hitched a beat. He closed his eyes, the stones sitting in his chest rattling as he struggled to breathe. He coughed, body protesting the effort of each breath.
“Lay back.”
Tony thought privately. It was not as if Stefen had any interest in a celebration, or Tony and the children any reason to think they wouldn’t just be in the way.
"Do you see someone else around who's going to do it?" Tony had replied, rolling up his sleeves. James continued to turn his nose up but with some nagging from Ian he’d eventually gotten down in the trenches with the rest of them.
There, he’d say. Everything would be okay.
“It's been a half hour and there's been no animal carcass, I’ll count it as a win, Sir.
Little Rachol. The babe that Sara Rogers had pulled from the brink of death before she’d even left the womb. Dark eyes and impish smile. Their mother’s smile.
Just when Tony spotted the back of the cabin between the trees Maria stumbled and lagged behind them. Tony stopped and turned back, snatched her up and running with her in his arms. He caught up with Natacha and Artur at the edge of the tree line and looked franticly around the yard trying to figure out why they’d stopped. Natacha pressed her finger firmly to her lips again and Tony held his breath, quieting the roaring in his ears. He heard it then, the sound of unfamiliar voices trickling out from the open kitchen window. Tony couldn’t see who was moving inside from this distance, but it hardly mattered. They kept the windows shuttered whenever possible to hold in heat, and provide the lodge with the illusion of emptiness.
2. FIOT and I are both crewed up on independent film projects that you can follow online. Message FIOT if you have questions about
"Wrong idea?" Bucky snorted. "They'd accuse you of rebel activity as soon as they saw it."
Stefen didn’t speak, but with time his trembles quieted and his breathing evened.
“I won’t go to my knees for them!” he continued in that clipped commanding way that Natacha hadn’t quite figured out how to do yet. She squeezed her door open a little further just as father strode by, the baroness right on his heels.
They’d not been seen by anyone yet, as far as they could know she had a chance to make it out of this unscathed. Steve hoped for her sake it would be enough.
They did not always see eye to eye he and Hammer, but Steve tried to keep in mind that the world wasn’t split between people you enjoyed and bad people.
“Franz won’t know the code.” Steve turned back to the thin man sat across from him and shook his head when it looked as if Franz might protest. “That way if you are questioned you’ll have nothing to betray.”
He threw himself back from the center of the lane, managing to catch himself on the low stone wall encasing the gardens of a trio of houses. Steve struggled to catch his breath as the cab disappeared up the lane, blinking back the spots from his eyes. It was only then that he noticed the distant wail of sirens and the peculiar air of hush that had fallen over the city, the way it got when people suddenly drew back into corners to mutter and whisper all at once.
James tilted his head a small challenging smirk to rival Tony's own slowly easing onto his face.
~*~*~*~
“Yes. He was a Jew. He was supposed to clean up the streets but he wasn’t any good at it. He made those boys mad so they punished him. They made him bleed.” James licked his lips as he furrowed his brow in deep concentration, staring hard at his father. “Is he like the snake in that story? The one those boys were bullying. Should we have stopped them?”
James swallowed thickly and lowered his eyes, mulishly silent but Tony didn’t really need an answer. He already knew. All too well.
He turned to glance behind them at the boys who had held Péter's attention. They were handsome youths. The pair clearly at work a sharp contrast with their classmates who were sporting neatly slicked hair to match their sharp uniforms. The bold swastika insignia on their shirts struck Tony as at odds with the sight of their wildly grinning mouths as they jostled each other, knocking shoulders, goading each other as the two boys who worked at the market put out their cigarettes and went back to work; strong, spindly arms grabbing aprons and calling out goodbyes to their peers in uniform.
Damn, Becker grit his teeth together. So much for being ready for the General’s arrival.
But she bit her lip and stayed still, focusing on the sharp stinging in her lip and the tangy taste of blood that followed. She counted every steady breath slowly in her head. She couldn’t say anything, not without admitting what she’d done.
“And how old are you James?” Tony asked, emphasizing the child’s real name and grinning at the boy’s disappointed scowl. Maria chose that moment to step forward, out of succession, and despite her brother’s dark glower in her direction the dark haired little girl smiled sweetly up at him and said, “I’m Maria and I’m five. That’s James and he’s eight. You’re smart and very pretty.”
"Shh, Wanda. It's alright." Peitro shifted to wrap his arms more surely around his sister's shuddering form and as he did, the sleeves of his night shirt slid downward to pool at his elbows. It was there that Tony saw on the inside of his left wrist a strange network of bruises and track marks. The skin was riddled with scars old and new , some of them barely healed. And there at the top, tattooed in black spidery ink was a series of numbers. A brand, like farmer might number his cattle.
Lodging was scarce, even for those lucky enough to have the money to pay for it. Rooms filled quickly. Religious charity was stretched to its limits as beds filled, and poor houses began to turn people away.  Those who could not find shelter camped in the market square together for safety. An influx of impoverished foreigners came hand in hand with an influx of crime, and police retaliation.  It did not do well to walk the streets alone, especially at night, but there was danger even in the daylight.
While Tony was busy making sure Natacha and Péter could handle things without him Ian quietly gathered the things he would need on his trip. ‘I’ll get the sled ready Tony. I’ll get the ropes, and the sacks, and the rifle, and the ammunition, and the water jugs, and the torch, and the dry food.’ He packed the sled carefully, testing it to make sure it wasn’t too heavy for him to manage. It would be a great distance between here and the nearest farm, and he wouldn’t know exactly which way to go. But he could follow the road through the trees.
“Do not test my patience.” Schmidt snapped abruptly, his eyes flinty hard. He sat the glass done with a clink. “You may have heard. General striker has been moved from his impressive work with the HJ to a much more president position. We need men with General Strikers sort of passion.”
The captain and the baroness had returned late from whatever party they’d been schmoozing at and by then Tony was trapped in bed with the three youngest wrapped around him like octopi.
Tony asked with a soft chuckle.
Bucky gripped his spoon tighter, squinting at Steve. The bastard wouldn't make him do it would he? He wouldn't make Bucky beg him.
Tony had left the children to begin their own packing while he helped Harold in the garage giving a last tune up to the old car that had once belonged to Frau Rogers, trusting that they were mostly old enough to know what they were about.
Niklas nodded. His smugness was in his wording and not so much his tone as he replied, “Not a Nazi. Not yet anyhow.”
“We’ll be famous either way. That’s not really in question,” Staff Sergeant Kroger said from his place on the floor adjacent to Private Johans. He was in the processes of cleaning his rifle for the third time.
“She’s going to be fine. Sometimes all you need is a good cry.”
Tony waved a hand dismissively when she reached for her purse.
Every inch seemed to last a mile. He extended his arm as far as he could, grappling for the dark handle just as another shot rang out and the truck lurched dangerously. Bucky's cry of pain rang loudly in his ears, drowned out by the thudding of Tony’s own heart.
“No.” the word sliced out of his ragged throat, hardly loud enough to warrant the shocked expression on her face but he forced himself to continue speaking, pushing his useless lungs and throat to do as he willed.
Seven pairs of eyes stared at him as he took his seat at the head of the table. Seven because Herr Stark was very busily ignoring him.
Susann and Ret lived in an old apartment building not far from her shop. The walls of number ten Alcot Ave had survived for over a century and though were cracked and crumbling in some places they stood firm, ready it seemed to stand a century more.
Steve knew he was right, but it didn’t stop the fear creeping up inside of him. Still he did as Tony asked, taking a few more deep breathes before nodding his readiness. Tony opened the door and Steve stepped over the threshold, holding himself back to let Tony catch up even though the urge to get to the music room was still pricking at his skin like needles. Tony brushed his hand briefly against his in encouragement but thankfully he did not force them to linger any longer than that.
His hand fell away from her.
!” Uncle Bucky’s voice did something strange. It was sharp and desperate. Afraid. Afraid like James had never heard him before. He looked up and Uncle Bucky looked back down at him. “I’m not leaving you. But we have to get off this train
(Romany)
~*~*~*~
They had to get the soil ready for the strawberries and couldn’t wait for the workers. At least it wasn't as frigid as it had been a few weeks ago, when her skirt had frozen to the leather of her boots.
“Where are they?” he snapped in question, quickly rising from his chair and scurrying inside, Pepper following at his heels.
"He didn't have to go.” Steve said suddenly, and Tony jumped, startled. “With me, to join the army. Bucky's right, he could have stayed with the caravan."
Huh? How did what go? Bucky wondered as Stark made a shrugging motion, pouring himself a generous cup from the remaining coffee.
“Can I be the one to tell the others?” Péter asked, his voice giving way to excitement. “I think it would be better if they heard it from me.”
“Forgive me, Captain” Herr Stark said into the strained silence, “you never answered.”
“You’re drunk, James.”
They could avert the war. Halt all of Hitler’s atrocious plans. Save thousands upon thousands of lives. He already knew he couldn’t walk away from this anymore than Stefen could and he hated it, so much. Tony snapped his eyes open and lowered his hand with a sigh.
"You didn't eat lunch." Ian noted matter of factly, pushing past Tony who was forced to either give way or risk the boy spilling the entire tray in the doorway.  A purposeful action if ever Tony had seen one and the smile that kept wanting to make itself residence on his face, he let it rest.
“Yes he seemed a very capable sort. I’m sorry he did not stay longer. Is he really Hughard Stark’s son? How delightfully curious. He must have been very young when he chose the cloth, for no one to have heard a peep about him in all this time. A strange choice for the heir to a fortune.” Frauline Werner hummed thoughtfully.
“We’re not Austrian anymore. We’re German.” Natacha reminded him. “And last night you said what Johann and Bobby did was wrong, that it was cruel and cowardly. You said we shouldn’t let that sort of thing happen again. Did you mean that too?”
He remembered it with the precision of perfect recall. As clearly as if he’d walked into the next room only to find himself enclosed in the infirmary’s office once again with Bruce, candles burning low and the dust thick in the air, the rustle of pages superseding the low groans of wounded men in the beds just next door.
Between them all they were able to unload quickly and make their way inside the building, where Herr Grimm led them up a narrow stairway and into a tiny apartment. As they walked, Herr Grimm explained in a few muttered breaths that the building was mostly deserted.
It was a big risk traveling directly to Dachau from the Berghof, but Steve had no choice but to take it and try to mitigate the risks as much as possible by sticking to cabs until he could meet Scott in Munich.
There was a full-page sketch of Tony in some strange get up facing off with a gaggle of even stranger dressed barbarians with a bold title at the top.
They were both relieved, both just happy that neither of them had been hurt and happy for the moment to laugh at the silliness of the situation. And Tony hoped that after that they would be able to put the tension behind them… but it seemed not to be.
,” Stanislov waved his hand generously with a slight grimace, “It’s nothing we can’t sort out together. I’m here to help you get back to where you belong. Your little misadventure can be explained away by rebel sabotage. They attacked, you got away but were severely injured and confused. Once your head cleared you contacted me.”
He had to fix it. Now! But what to do?
~*~*~
“What is all this?” Tony asked again, this time directing his question at Hammer who was directing Cameron where to place the new arrivals.
“But it’s just as well. I’d choose to be with you even if there was.” Tony stepped up to his side until they were shoulder to shoulder. He didn’t try and touch Steve, and it was just like him, that some part of Steve wished that Tony would, even though he knew it would hurt. It was good Tony didn’t want to touch him. Steve’s skin felt so sensitive, even the touch of his own shirt against his flesh registered in his broken head as pain sometimes.
“He wants to be ready next time.” Bucky looked down to find Natacha bobbing near his feet, red braids turned almost brown by the water.
“I won’t!” she spat, tasting bitter salt. She tried and failed to tug away from him when she realized it was tears dripping down her cheeks and flooding into her mouth. Horrified shame knotted her stomach as she gulped for breath.
Jerold Mueller had appeared at his side, matching his steps with Steve’s but his head nodded back toward the older children.  He was talking about that blond boy, Steve realized.
But his own shortcomings aside Steve was grateful for the man, more grateful than he knew how to express. Maybe that was why his character had taken on Tony's likiness?
His stare was poignant. Though Tony didn’t glance down to where Steve was gripping him he didn’t need to. Steve released Tony’s flesh like it had burned him, the sick feeling churning in his gut nearly drowned out by the ache in his chest at the thought that Tony had just put him in the same class as an overgrown bully who beat on children, and couldn’t accept the consequences for his own actions. Tony didn’t really think that Steve would hurt him did he?
Steve didn’t know why Globocnik couldn’t just do as other politicians did and say whatever lies would comfort the prince and his parliament so that they all might salvage what was left of their day, but then again he might be the pot again in this situation because he hadn’t just been able to sit there idly either, while Globocnik tried to defend the imprisonment of men and women who felt compelled by faith to speak out against the Reich or to sympathize with those the Reich called undesirable.
“If you say proper Stefen I’ll hit you. Don’t test me.”
"We can't just leave them there!" Bucky was snapping, a violent sort of grief twisting his voice darkly and Stefen stepped toward him, the same sharpness in his eye Tony had witnessed just before he pulled the trigger during target practice and Tony (because he was still a perfect idiot) stepped between them placing a hand on Stefen’s chest to hold him back.
Stefen had discarded his jacket on the couch tucked unobtrusively against the wall as well as his shoes, the toes of which were poking out from underneath it. There was clutter on the desk in the form of folders (stuffed full of papers and unanswered correspondence) and to Tony's bemusement what looked to be pencils and charcoals.
“So, you think the maids are hiding them in the attic?” Tony rejoined.
. Though he’s young for it.” Steve glared in Stark’s direction but the man didn’t even look up, though Steve didn’t miss the way he smirked.
He’d never shown anyone this; but he was certain suddenly that he wanted Péter to see. To
“Don’t you?” Stefen whispered against his temple, nose buried in his hair and Tony smiled, albeit sadly.
The walk had not done Steve any good. He kept Maria in his arms, and he made Charlotte promise not to let go of Sara, but it still took him out of sight of the other children. But Khalmmer didn’t leave him much choice, and even Steve knew that he’d created enough spectacle already and a strategic retreat was necessary to cool the gossip.
"They'll call you a defector when you don't report to the next city on the tour. They'll find out and they’ll take us all away!" She hissed, her fingers digging into his coat and twisting. She wasn't strong enough to move him, she knew that in her head, but there was no stopping in her. In that moment she would have pulled down a pine tree if it got in her way.
What in god’s name had he been playing at? Tony had been in the water teaching the others for at least an hour and James had expressed absolutely no interest in joining them.
Tony’s thoughts kept orbiting the same grim thoughts, circling a wild but unfounded fear. What happens when they realize borders don’t work? What’s the solution then?
“ I need you to trust that I'm doing my best so that we survive and I need you to be the man I know you are and to think of your siblings. They're the reason I'm teaching you to shoot. They're all the reason in the world to shoot."
“Let it go.” He managed to push the words past his lips. What should have been an order came out a ragged beg.
“I understand.” Steve reassured him, before reporting what he’d said back to the impatiently waiting captain. It was clear to Steve that Altera was skeptical of the woman’s existance. He barked a few more questions about the woman, the direction she’d taken Pisani in, and her description, which Steve translated.
“Are you alright?” Tony freed one of his hands from the headboard to stroke along the captain’s neck, as if touch alone would soothe the irritation. “Christ, Stefen you can’t just take it all at once like that.” It was getting too hard to hold his body up off of Stefen’s chest one handed so he had to return to holding with both hands. Steve glared up at him from between his legs, his eyes watery as he grumbled in reply, “You did.”
"My mother's name was Anya Maximoff. She was a Sinti woman and she died trying to protect me and my brother. Will you remember her with me?”
Péter didn't bother to answer that, just gritted his teeth and waited.
“I only counted three. Where did the others run off to?” he asked innocently, even though he knew the pair had not the slightest clue. Charlotte blinked, clearly taken back by the question and Tony had a vicious moment of satisfaction before Stefen answered him with a snap of worry.
A tremor ran through his last words and Tony reached with his right hand to cover Stefen’s with his and squeezed. Stefen’s lips curled in a small grateful smile and he brought Tony’s knuckles up close to his lips and kissed, sending a slow wave of warmth through Tony’s body that was better than hot coco and warm blankets.
Tony froze. Something about the faint voice tickled through the back of his mind like cold winter wind, the fine hair on his skin standing up with near sentient awareness as his heart began to race, terrible hope ballooning in the center of his chest.
His legs dangled over the sofas end and he pulled them in to his chest and finally peeked out from under the pillow. The piano stared back at him. He imagined if it could talk it would say something like, “if you’re trying to hide, you might try finding a place you can fit in”.
Tony's pulse leaped uncomfortably but he ignored the sensation, leaning forward, heart hammering as he informed Stefen, "You ought to keep the day room better stocked."
It's Friday I'm in love
“I’m just saying, let’s try it.” Steve tries a placating tone. “Starting tomorrow.”
“Dinner.” Tony gestures to the counter. Peter giggles and waves before starting to make faces to himself.
Peter is five and regards him with a big, gap-toothed grin. “It’s ok Pops. Want to play a game or somthin’?”
His son grins and manipulates the paper in his grip, making small snips as he goes. As he works toward the middle, he squints in concentration, tongue poking out from the gap where his front teeth were missing.
“Ah.” Steve sighes. “I did not know that.” He rests his hands on his hips.
Tony glances up and squints, “Some kind of web, maybe?”
Steve wakes up alone. He spends his day at the local Shield facility doing whatever they ask him too. It generally ranges from security briefings to training new recruits.
Which is not the enthusiastic agreement that he’d hoped for. He feels the distance acutely. “Will you be home tonight?”
Steve is back home by four and optimistic about the evening. It gets even more promising when Tony’s already waiting for him when he gets there. They’re just getting their bearings when a harried Happy hurries in with Peter, fresh from school.
The room fell into silence as all eyes turned on the small boy. Peter, feeling the attention shift toward him with a focused intensity, reared back a little into Tony’s shoulder and curled fingers around the fabric of his shirt nervously.
The phone kept ringing.
It’d always been him.
get hypothermia.”
well. And then you can lay off my back and let me just fuck Tony fucking Stark for the rest of my fucking life in peace!”
“Oh, he would. And he did. And you
“Keep me updated on their status,” he asked wearily, forcing himself to move back in the direction of the workshop. He kept his mind empty of thoughts right up until he’d sat himself gently onto the chair by his desk, and then he placed his hands against his temples, shut his eyes, and tried desperately to pull up the schematics of the armour in his head.
died- I just feel like it’s all around me. There’s no escape.” He sighed, but then pulled back and took Tony’s face in his hands. The gentle pressure of Steve’s palms against his cheeks was what finally got Tony to pull his eyes open- and when he did, Steve’s delicate smile greeted him. Home.
“Shut up and drive, jerk,” Steve kicked the driver’s seat impatiently and rubbed his hands together, “your car isn’t going to bear our weight for much longer and I don’t want it to fall apart whilst we’re in the middle of the highway.”
“Tony makes me happier than I have been since my Mom died,” Steve said quietly, suddenly feeling a hot sting against his eyes as he looked at Mr. Wilson pleadingly. “He’s the best thing that could have possibly happened to me and the most amazing person I know.”
, Tony. I won’t.” He blinked rapidly, thumb brushing the tears out of Tony’s eyes. His voice was wrecked. “It’s not fair to you and it’s not fair to me either. Please understand this. For me, Tony. I can’t— God, fuck, I just can’t bear it. It’s breaking my fucking heart.”
Tony felt himself blush as he watched Steve stride forward confidently, before stopping and looking back at Tony. His face creased in worry, and he looked between the corridor and the room where Tony was still sat. He seemed conflicted.
stupid, right? To fall for a trick so obvious? No way. Thought you’d turn him away at the door. Christ- your ex fiancé turned up at your home after a
