He swallows the bile rising from his throat. No, Steve’s right. Save the fighting for outdoors, when they’re both wearing their masks, sporting their uniforms. Tonight is something else. Steve is in street clothes, his jeans are pressed perfectly and a little faded, like a reminder that they’re both human, persons who can be someone else without the code names, titles, and public positions.
“I’m here, telling you everything I never wanted to say. Never wanted to speak about, Tony. I love you.”
Steve blinked his eyes open, once, twice, and the first thing he saw were Tony’s pupils, a deep brown, clouded with trouble. His eyebrows were furrowed in concern.
They stayed there, silent but for Steve’s stifled cries. The kids were pained and soon enough, Morgan’s sobs echoed in the room. She moved the suit to grip her shoulders to a faux-hug. Steve’s heart broke again, centimeter by centimeter, all the blood gushing out of him. He wished there was actual blood dripping from his body because at least then, the pain of loss would be tangible.
Natasha bit her lip, smudging her nude lipstick. “Sometimes people aren’t ready for love. But I don’t think any of us are ever ready for loss no matter how much we try to prepare ourselves.”
But like everyday for the last forty-one months, Steve woke up alone in a house they built together. And things would never be alright.
“Okay, okay, the rest of our lives.” He threw his head back as Tony hit his prostate over and over. Dizzy with relief, Steve reached up, grabbing the tie again and mashing their lips.
“J,” Steve swallowed, putting a hand over Morgan to console her. “You still have the recording of us viewing it, though, right?”
There’s a bark, then some insistent movement followed by a splashing of water all over them. Steve opens his eyes to Morgan’s shocked face. “Look what your PDA made Kit do! Kit come back!”
“Papa,” Morgan climbed on his lap. He didn’t even notice that most of the table had cleared, save for Bucky and Rhodes glancing at him in concern.
The air in the bar is too thin. He can smell the beer being poured by the barkeeper. The day old rag dragging along the tables. The sharp tang of the grease and sizzling pans in the kitchen and stale bread. The cleaners from the bathroom in the ajar door of the corner broom closet
Would Steve count the minutes until his death? His children will likely come to pity him, see the shell of a man he’s become. Maybe, Harley already did.
"You helped me when I was drinking. I'm not giving up on you, Tony. Over and over again, I've seen you fight beyond your limits and you never give up. We just got you back. You don’t get to give up.” Carol cradled his face. Tears streamed from her face, and her eyes were so blue they reminded him of Steve’s. “This isn’t the way to be sorry, you know.”
And he’s right, goddamnit. Isn’t he? In a desperate attempt to do what’s right, he lies alone in this ramshackle motel room, the sheets scratchy, and the lamp full of dust.
It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It wasn’t.
Pepper and I. It’s nothing, Steve. It isn’t. It’s just two people grappling with loss because there’s not much else. This is all I have. All we have. We seek comfort in each other because the men we love are dead. Yeah, love, Steve. Love. I can’t even keep it.
“We have to go, sweetheart. It’ll be alright.” He hushed her, then turned his arm and held Harley closer. He’s like Steve—explosive in his anger; they expected Tony’s passing to be hard on the kids. Shit, it was hard on Steve. It might be difficult until the day Steve died himself.
He wasn’t in the army anymore. He was no longer property of SHIELD. Avengers were free of outside institutional forces, so he figured it would be his chance to put such powers into questions. Do what’s right.
It began as nothing. Just stress relief. Tony was his lifeline to the outside world. Steve appreciated that. Then, he read about Stark’s family history, the death of his parents, and how he was turning his father’s weapons company into something better—green energy, sustainability, medical instruments, affordable tech for the public.
Tony led them to the set of dining tables on the patio. His hair is blowing against the wind, but it's not too cold with the sun up. Still, Tony keeps his jacket on and reaches for his second cup of coffee. His eyes are bright and clear. He looks good under the sun, handsome as ever.
Across the way sat Peter and Harley who didn’t look like Steve either. They didn’t share the same blood, but that didn’t matter. Genetics were nothing; he and Tony believed everything came down to nurturing—showing his kids that they were loved, reminding them they were cherished, even if sometimes Steve forgot the words, too consumed by his grief.
“I wish I could lie beside you every night. Wake up to you in the morning. Live the beautiful life we have. It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever done. The worst thing I’ll do.” Tony grasped Steve’s jaw, turning it with a light touch. He traced Steve’s lips with a cold fingertip.
He couldn’t serve as the surrogate because of the serum. Bruce Banner said something about possible mutations in his genes. But that’s alright, their kids would biologically be half-Tony, and they’ll nurture them into the Rogers-Stark household.
Steve’s tongue laps at his hole, distracting him from thoughts about the future, of what might happen after they fuck. Tony can’t help but wish that Steve would stay. Use the damn toothbrush because it’s still here. Tony can’t manage to get rid of it.
Steve decides not to think about that. Nostalgia is dangerous for men already yearning. But he supposes he’s always been that sort of man: at once, he longed to return to the past, where he once thought he belonged. Now, he wants a future he has no means to ever have.
Tony pulled the ends of Steve’s hair, an intimate act, they’ve done over so many years. He wished they had this in their future too. “Yes, we have the rest of our lives, Steve. Let’s just go through this. It’s just another mission. Something we gotta do, then we’ll debrief, and be back home in no time.”
“No, no, baby.” She chuckles, leaning forward and wrapping her arms around Tony’s torso. She plants kisses all over his back, then adjusts the blindfold on Tony’s face. “No, no, Tony. Remember, you and I don’t get to decide when you come tonight.”
Peter nodded, offering a quiet comfort, and it hurt to see something that belonged to Tony be used by their son. Tony was supposed to be here, dammit, wearing that damned posh sunglasses. Then, Tony’s supposed to make a joke about being the most handsome Stark. Then, he was supposed to kiss Steve and then he was supposed to—
The Tower and Compound has changed, but it’s the people, the friends and family he’s claimed along the way, that made it more than just slabs of wood and concrete put together. That’s what made it special.
Pitt'o Nili wears Steve’s skin with pride. He's always worn his shirt open at the collar without the red tie. Tony could give it to him. It belonged to Steve.
Steve has been tracking the target since he landed at the airport with a duffel bag, still in his army boots. No matter, Tony’s worth it. This is his second week scouting Venice, but no such luck. He’s posed at bars, walked the boardwalk, and attended parties until dawn. Sometimes, he ends up camped by the beach until the sun rises and the surfers come for the waves. It’s not like New York, no, not by a long shot.
Steve pushed his plate away, not hungry. He’s taken to shoving food down his throat because he needed the energy. He needed to sustain his health for his kids. He was alive goddamn it, so why was it so hard to live?
“It seems like I need it if people are going to be drugging me.” Tony takes his cup and spills its contents to the floor. He has no idea whose house this is and he doubts it’s Tony’s. He spills some of the beer on Victor’s loafers, too. “Get the hell out of my face.”
They climb the stairs. Tony’s hand rests on the banister, and Steve lets himself appreciate the view, just for a little bit.
We worked together again, side by side. Me and you, me and you. Another version of you with the memory of me. Us.
Steve turns, the muscles of his shoulders flexing. He smiles, the curve of his lips inchin higher and higher and it’s almost like everything is fine, as if tomorrow Steve wouldn’t have to be on the run, hiding, and Tony wouldn’t be tasked to bring him in. “I’ll tell you next time.”
This was him. Tony could see it clearly now. There were no masks to hide his face behind. Everything he’d done… he needed another drink.
“No, no.” Steve’s eyes widen when I change back and wear Tony Stark’s face. I scramble on the tiles and press the blade on my face. I follow the slant on these cheekbones and this stupid jaw. I reach the other eye. “Not him. Don’t.”
Now, it’s a blessing to share the same space. Them, in this car with only the console between them, less than a foot away from each other. He’s just a touch away. Steve could reach over, but Tony’s already turning his gaze back to the road and buckling his seat belt.
Steve sits up, and damn, he’s huge, wide chest, trim waist, and Tony gets even harder when his eyes land on Steve’s hung cock. Massive and red. He wants to be fucked until fucking SHRA is over.
you. They see you’re barely holding it together.” Natasha walked over and perched on the couch’s arms, still nimble after years of being out of the field.
“Yeah? And what’s your evidence?” The man scratches at his thick mustache and puts his hands on his hips, measuring Steve up.
He throws me over the coffee table after punching my face bloody. When I try to sit up, he walks over, slow, like it doesn’t matter whether I live or die. He places his leather boot on my chest and presses my back into the broken glass.
Tony took a breath, for once, unsure of the future. They were at crossroads here. A decision had to be made.
Tony huffs, it’s almost like banter, but he knows they’re balancing on the edges of the cliffs. One word is all it would take to fall into cutting words and raised fists.
“Hmm, I guess.” Tony was still flustered, eyes darting all over the park. “I mean, with the way you were following me around like a puppy, you were borderline obsessed.”
“Baby, I look good in anything.” Tony pulls at the string of Steve’s robes and lets it fall open. “I look better in nothing, though.”
These are the worst evenings. When it’s obvious that the Underground found something worthy, gained leverage, made the correct move in this long game of chess.
The star doesn't bind him to the job. Steve's always been an honorable man. Tony almost hates him for it. But well, Tony's always had a strong reaction whenever it came to Steve.
Found an old hole and this old computer. All fine. I'm simplifying the suit. Salvaged stuff. Can make a scrap out of nothing. You said that to me. Once. It's diminishing. My brain…. I —
Steve never had much growing up. During the Great Depression, he used to beg for scraps outside restaurants that were miraculously in business. He had taken the leftover food thrown into the garbage, scrapped off the mold, and ate it with Bucky. Now, Steve’s in this lavish brownstone with a beautiful man, who has given him everything he didn’t even know he desired. He didn’t have to worry about being hungry, not when Tony made sure their kitchen was fully stocked.
“You can’t be waiting for your turn, Steve. Your kids need you,” Bucky said. “You can’t live like this.”
Tony doesn’t know if Steve is lying to Tony or himself. But Tony gathers up all the broken syllables and keeps it close to his chest, because even in a murmur, Steve’s words are still captivating. He cannot fault Steve for it. Tony shakes his head, frantic, and doubles his efforts into fucking himself on Steve’s dick.
“Still being mended. And our friends are here to do that work,” Steve corrects, because despite the trouble that the New Avengers run through, there are pockets of kindness that Steve has witnessed throughout his time in Tahoe.
“Good.” Steve nods with a smile, petting his hair, pleased with something as banal and human as eating. “You’ll get better.”
But all Tony sees is white when the room shifts and the files from the tablet are projected onto the wall.
“They wouldn’t stop pestering us. Though, I do appreciate their dedication to the cause. That’s enlightening to see. Makes their defeat much more satisfying.”
And yet, he sits in this cafe, unaccompanied, with only a duffle bag of dirty clothes, a loaded gun he’s never used, and a backpack that contains the remains of his old uniform.
“No need.” Tony waves them off, attention solely on the machinery in front of him. “A cup of coffee will do.”
Steve opened his mouth, letting Tony’s tongue slip in. The kiss turned rough, wet, and playful only the way in which Tony could accomplish. He laughed as Steve pushed away the vest and tore off a button from his dress shirt.
They exchanged lazy, morning kisses, rocking their bodies together until Tony grinned at him and dropped to his knees and opened his mouth.
He cradles Tony’s face, willing the veil away so he can see those eyes. Blue, steady with resolve. It's always been that shade of blue, a seafoam he'd seen on the edges of a beach in France. But the center of his eyes are sharp, like the blue of a bluebird chattering away in the morning.
Steve peppered more kisses on his face, careful not to shake Tony too much in case he got dizzy again. He went to the kitchen, took out the ingredients for a full on American breakfast and got to work.
It screethes, trashing its body against Reed’s expanded flesh. “Pitt'o Nili, help me. Fight for me.”
Bruce comes out, glasses perched on his nose, hair mused. He’s reading something on his tablet, side stepping a plastic bow and arrow on the floor, and when he looks up, he smiles at Steve.
he had said, waving his hand towards the showerhead. Steve just grinned, grabbed Tony’s arms and pinned them above his head, then kissed him stupid, hot and messy.
The coffee is thin; too much water was used in the preparation. The cream is from those small containers often found in diners all across America. Tony pulls a face, scrunches his nose, but finishes his cup and signals for another one.
Steve shifts up, licking Tony’s mouth open, kissing with a fierceness he doesn’t possess. He musters courage, kisses the corner of Tony’s mouth. There’s a pleased smile there. Steve knows just by the feel—he’s seen it on Tony many times before. This is for him. This smile belongs to him, even if it’s fleeting.
Steve had a choice. He’s tried not to leave his life up to chance. Asthma, heart problems, high blood pressure? Possibility of contracting diabetes? He couldn’t live with the chance of death following him like a shadow. Sure, he took a chance with Dr. Erskine but it was his choice. He stopped thinking about the what
and just. It’s not about morals, not for these folks, no matter how much they recycle the same arguments to their constituents. To the people. Maybe people think I’m just as bad as the rest of them. Down to the mud.
“Ok, ok, you’re doing so good,” Steve says, thrusting harder. The praise makes Tony’s toes curl, and his stomach is filled with deep hatred for how he could want this.
He pauses for effect, and Tony breaks into a surprised laugh. “You already have the supplies for it, don’t you?”
“Alright,” he smiles, bright and happy and seeing him like this fucking hurts. “Good, now let me finish opening you up.” Steve kisses him again. On the lips, then his chin, before moving back down to swallow Tony’s cock and lap at his hole. Steve continues to stretch him up, getting more lube and fingering him open with those mighty thick fingers. Soon enough, he abandons the lube and just starts dripping his saliva on Tony’s abused hole, stretched by his fingers. “If you could see how good you take it, Tony.” Steve kisses the inside of his thighs, crookes his fingers like a damn champ, and hits Tony’s prostate.
“I know, Nat. I know. God, believe me when I say that I’m here for them. Because I am— I won’t leave them. I’m here. I’ll be a goddamn father. A better one. I promise. I’m just—” He turned over, finally opening his eyes to catch a photograph of their little family. Tony and Steve were sitting under a tree in Central Park with Morgan between them, and Peter and Harley on their sides. Tony had his classic peace sign up and the boys were grinning. Morgan was still a toddler, cooing and sucking on her pacifier.
He grabbed the tequila, pouring generous portions in the glasses, and placing them all in a tray. He returned to the sitting room and almost laughed. They were all poised with their feet planted to the floor, arms open in invitation.
“Would you like that?” Tony hums, wishing he took off his vest off along with his overcoat earlier. But no matter, his tie is loose and he shrugs off the vest so he’s left in his dress shirt.
This, along with the following chapters, took me longer than expected to edit. Sorry about the wait! I know this fic. I can smell this fic. I can taste this fic. This fic means a lot to me. I promise it will be finished. My friends know the long rants I go on about this fic. Please be patient with me. Thanks very much for reading. As always, comments and kudos make my heart sing. I'd like to know what you think about stevetony!
The penthouse’s lights are dim. Steve slips in through the door and pads to the bedroom, reminding himself that he’s here for Tony.
“You sure?” Steve raises an eyebrow, feeling his nerves melt away. He's suddenly feeling euphoric, and it's not because of the pill. “You’ve been drinking. And you just did lines.”
Late, I know. Everything up to Chapter 8 is written and complete, save the edits. That will also be late. Life is a lot right now. Please be patient with me. I cherish you and your support. Let me know if I made you feel something <3
“Yeah, well. Dinner at 7. Communal kitchens.” Tony walks away without a backward glance. His shoulders are set tight, his head held up high as if he’s addressing the board, and not a teammate or an old friend.
He wants It to be safe. It isn’t Steve. It could never replace Steve, even as an exact copy. A copy of a copy is just a copy. Tony should lie to himself, lull himself in the dream deferred. Claim It as Steve. Claim It as his.
“Superheroes still need to do Literature homework,” Bruce says, leaning back against the chair and glaring at Riri and Kate.
Steve’s hysterical sobs echoed in the bathroom. For the first time, he let himself hear and process his anguished cries.
He stands there, still as a corpse, reminded of how fragile he hangs with Steve’s short thread of mercy.
In the last forty-one months, he asked himself whether any action would have made a difference and whether Tony’s death was inevitable.
He gripped the flowers, turned to his friends and family. Morgan was bawling on Peter’s pant leg holding onto his waist. He hushed her, pulling at her hair. Steve wished he could see Peter’s eyes, but the shades remained. It looked good on him. Pepper settled beside Harley and held his hand.
“Can’t blame a man for wanting to get fucked as the sun goes down, Stark,” Bucky deadpans. “We just wanted to see what all the fuss about outdoor sex.”
Tony scrubbed his eyes and sighed. “I don’t want to miss anything. Not even it comes to the kids. When it comes to our family. I wish I could build something where I’ll never miss a moment. Is it crazy, Steve? That I want to witness everything. God,” Tony huffed, his mouth twitching into a smile. “Fuck, is this what it feels like to be happy, huh? To have everything you need—want—in life.”
Steve swallowed, his throat ached all over. “Alright, my babies, yes, Harley, you’re still my baby, always. Are you all ready to go?”
He doesn’t know where he’s going, but that’s what he enjoys about running. He can go in a straight line, as much as the streets allow. Turn left, turn right. He’s in control of his body.
Out from a distance, there’s someone on the guitar playing cover songs of the latest hits, or at least, Steve thinks. He doesn’t listen to much music these days. His mind is occupied by other things, like planning, and Tony, Tony, Tony. He thinks he knows the song though, a tune he used to hear while in the streets of Brooklyn. A feature about a soul with good intentions.
Tony feels empty, and it’s short lived relief because Steve’s standing over him, pulling Tony to his chest and grabbing his cock.
It’s just fresh flowers, picked from the Compound’s gardens. Here he thought that room sat in this moment of time, unfinished, decaying.
Despite the bags under his eyes, Tony exults energy, and he appears awake. Well-fed. Steve can’t stop himself from turning his gaze to appreciate the lines of Tony’s shoulders and chest.
Rumiko had asked for his help in planning a surprise for Tony. Everything would be fine—after all, this is
He had to go over to the lake, say something, anything—but he couldn’t find the words. He blinked, once, twice, before turning to Nat.
Is this how it felt to be suspended in animation? I’m at a facility in the Red Sea. All these animals swim around, no care, filter in and out. Breathing. Being. I can't think. Who am I without a brain, Steve. Without thought. I'm losing it. I'm losing. And now, it's this. It's. Fuck. Gone.
“No. No, Tony. I just mean. Fuck, I’m getting this all wrong.” Steve paused, rubbed the back of his neck. “Tony. I said you’re important to the team. But not just that. You’re important to me, Shellhead. Uh. Tony. I care about you. A lot. Seeing you hurt, I hurt, too. Don’t know if that makes sense. You hurt. I hurt. I don’t like seeing you in the hospital.”
“It’s nothing new. The town is used to you being a drunk,” she cuts in sharply and frowns. “We need to be there.”
Others are rolling hash by cutting a pale business card and rolling it as a filter tip then placing it on the translucent paper. With deft fingers, she places the hash on a line then rolls the paper three, four times before offering it to the friend beside her. A match is lit, then its smell fills the air for a second.
“Go.” Natasha pushes him out of the room, fingering the pistol on her hip, eyes never leaving Jessica Drew and Rhodes. “Carol, come here for a moment.”
Tony kissed his cheek, licking at teardrop. “I’m not leaving you, Steve. Not for a long time. I promise, alright? We have all the time in the world.”
“I did say that I’d be convinced for a fall wedding by the lake.” Tony rewards him with a winning smile. His dress shirt is open at the collar, revealing a love bite from last night.
Steve hummed, dropping his chin on Tony’s shoulder. He kissed Tony’s jaw. “It’s true, darling, I’ve got a mug to prove it.” He grabbed the chipped white mug. In bold curly letters it said:
Steve pops in, greets the lone barkeeper who appears to double as the waiter. He waves a hand and signals for Steve to pick a seat.
He looks at Tony and sees a man who knows himself, all the rotten, ugly parts. He thinks of Tony at the Compound, content and happy with what he has despite all the loss. He’s living with himself, all the jagged parts be damned.
While Steve was oscillating from nervousness and wanting to jump out of a building because he was so fucking happy, Tony was inconsolable. He wanted the entire brownstone baby-proofed. This wasn’t a difficult task considering they had the bots put guards on the windows and the kitchen area. They were probably overreacting, but it was so much fun teasing each other into making sure they both closed all the cabinets. Tony finally took his loafers from the entryway and put his shoes in the closet.
His heart stops hammering once after he rolls three sticks of tobacco. The act settles him, allows him to not think too much and focus on getting the cigarette into a perfect roll. There’s just the tangy citrus scent and the sharper undertones of the leaves.
“Keep calling me sir.” Tony turns around with a glint in his eyes, he grabs Steve’s hand, intertwines them, then leads them towards the side of the house.
Steve looks up and shrugs, trying to steer the conversation into something easier. He’s not good at talking, much less comforting. “Riri and Kate? You both are training them?”
He managed it all—meals, sleeping schedules, projects, their education. Steve was doing it all himself. What else did they want?
Steve made an irritated sound and stood in one graceful motion. “No, don’t talk. We’re not talking. What I’m doing is getting you clean.” He grabbed Tony’s wrist, and as opposed to his strangled tone, his touch was soft. He helped Tony into the tub, and murmured, “I need you clean.”
But every time those eyes looked at him in worry, Steve’s life flashed back to him—back to a time when he was happy. He hid his face on her neck and hugged her tight.
working his body, Steve learning what degree his back arches, Steve learning at what pressure he starts to curl his toes.
Steve holds Tony up, pulling him to his chest. He holds Tony tight, kissing his shoulders, his neck. Steve wants to bite and mark Tony’s body—wants evidence that Steve is here. Maybe tomorrow, Tony’ll look in the mirror and wonder who sucked the red bruise. Maybe Tony will go to the Mansion wearing a loose shirt that exposes the column of his throat and will point it out. Maybe Tony will blush and wink at him, and Steve will know it was him that kissed it there.
When Tony finally reached the villa that his supposed parents lived in, Tony only paused for a second when he saw Steve sitting on the hood of a blue Alpine A110 playing with a black cat; part of Tony was wondering how Steve managed to reach this place in two hours, when a normal flight is 11 hours, not to forget an extra two hours in the airport, another part of Tony only let out a tired sigh and ignored Steve who was waving at Tony happily like the crazy person he was.
Finding Betty was not that hard, but leaving Steve and Peter with her put him on edge, he knows that his friend is going to handle everything, after all, she a high demanded therapist and the best out there, he knows that if anyone was going to be able to help Peter it would be her, but what made him fidgety was leaving Peter and Steve alone, but he knows that the Alpha has a lot of private information to share with only his therapist, so in the end, he sighed and left them alone heading for the children's section, ever since Tony starts founding the clinic, the place flourish, it was bigger for once, and for another, they opened an orphanage for traumatized children, Tony spent nearly all of his time in the children's section, getting to know the children and was happy that he was even able to help a few.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, sadness, violence (?), feeling, near mentally breakdowns, mention of past abuse, maybe fluff? And Steve finally gets his shit together… And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated
Blond hair, blue eyes, and a stubborn persona that could go for miles, with a sense of justice that was out of the world; a dark part of Fury stated as he took the Omega in, causing the Alpha to stop in his place momently, and stare at the distance with a faraway look in his eyes. There was only one person who fit the Omega's description, one person who died a long time ago, taking with him a close brotherhood and a friendship. It can't be though; it just can't be, especially when that clan was wiped out a long time ago, leaving Fury to brave the sea in search for ghosts that had long since parted to Valhalla.
"It's an animal that lives in the forest, baby." His Mama said making Peter stretch his hand to the bear, his other hand holding his Papa's shirt tightly, when his Papa gave him the bear, Peter purred as he hugged the bear tightly nuzzling it and letting out a yawn. "Oh, come, baby, it is nap time…" His Mama said making Peter let a whine and hold into Papa, he didn't wanna sleep, he wanna stay with his Papa a little more.
"That's Daddy…" Steve said as he showed Peter the picture, the pictured showed Tony and Steve, the both of them were holding each other with big smiles on their faces, the sun was setting in the background. Steve still remembers the waves as they leaped on the shore that day and the screams of happy children and the laughter of their parents… Steve as it seems, couldn't leave the picture behind when he was leaving, because this memory… this was the happiest Steve was, his mother was the one who took the picture, she had insisted on coming with him and Tony on their vacation because she wanted to see how the Alpha was going to treat her son, it was the last her last days, and Anthony seemed to knew that by accepting her request, in the end, she wasn't disappointed, the three of them had a lot of fun that day, and Tony even told him that they should do this family vacation again, that this was the first time for the Alpha to go on a family vacation as he told him that his parents are not the kind of people who believe in this kind of distraction.
"He didn't take it, are you happy now?" Howard snapped as he straightened himself glaring at Tony who let out a roar and nearly attacked Howard again if it wasn't for Maria pleading with him.
, about how they should do something that Steve was finally here, that he could finally help, that they should stop waiting like sitting ducks! Maria was the only one who could calm her before she said more hurtful things…
Steve hopes that at least Tony will come with him to his next visit to his doctor, not only because it was important to Steve, but because it will be the first time that Tony will have time to come and see their baby with him. so because of that, Steve starts leaving little hints for Tony, a little writing on the calendar, some photos of his ultrasound, his appointment sheet, anything! Only to have Tony not notice at all, and for Bucky to look at Steve strangely as he picked up another ultrasound photo that Tony dropped accidentally in his rush.
He could only scream hating himself more and more every second that passed because he needs to wake up, he needs to go and save Peter; he needs to wake the fuck up! How, just how a star who could have stayed a hundred years awake, couldn't even stay up one day, one fucking day and save one of his precious people.
The Alpha looked around the place and then give a small nod, which made the Omega smile happily, hope taking hold of his heart as he rushes to reheat the food, trying not to feel sad when the Alpha tensed, not taking his eyes off him when he stood up to reheat the food, the blond didn't comment on how the Alpha stood in the doorway, he didn't comment on the eyes that took every move he made, he didn't comment on the hard unsmiling face, he just accepted them as a fact as he hummed a little, returning the dishes to their original places after they start steaming.
Entering the kitchen it was then that Steven saw her… the woman who destroyed his husband's life, she was humming in the kitchen as she took something out of the fridge wearing casual clothes instead of the fancy skirt suits she always wears in his world, when she turned toward him, the smile on her face widened as she took him in. "Oh, you must be Steven! My name is Pepper Potts-" The woman said with a radiating smile as she came toward him and she couldn't even continue because Steven cut her.
To say the last Steven was not pleased at all when he was dragged by the Iron King toward the ships like he was some type of cattle, but Steven had to hold his head high, he knows that everyone was depending on him; his son was depending on him! The poor babe was still shaking in his arms hiding his head in Steven's neck while giving small gasps of fear as he held into his whines afraid that someone will turn to them and hurt them if they heard him, and Gods, Steven can't fault his child for thinking like this, not with meeting his people like that.
"Angela just loves to annoy me something about her being my sister if I married her brother, which is something that is never to happen, beside whatever name you want to call me with I will answer." That made a soft smile appear on his lips, only for it to vanish at the woman's next words. "You hate being called by that name, my queen, considering that it is not your real name." Taking a deep breath, he hummed a little start washing his chest and abdomen, it was true, that name… the name the Hydra king forced on him was not his… only a hope of a foolish king that if he gave the blond a Christian name, it meant that the blond Omega was one of his people that followed his church and worshipped his God, ignoring the fact that the blond was once from the people he loved to call barbaric who worshipped more than one God, it has been years since he was called by his real name, a decade since he was forced into this unwelcomed life, but as Margaret said, a name is a name, and he will answer to any if it meant his people will be saved.
Tony found the brunette on the front porch, talking with someone on the phone, clicking the phone shut when she saw him. "I checked the second floor and there is no damage like the first…I'm so, so sorry. I will take care of it, as soon as I can…" The brunette said as she returned back to her phone, which made Tony hum and turn to inspect the front door. The front door was wide open, and Tony ran his fingers down the door frame. There's no sign of forced entry, and the door had been locked when they arrived, he even watched Mrs. Carter struggle with the keys not moments ago.
…" Fury stated, pressing his lips tightly, as he let out a sigh, his eyes turning to Tony who was sitting on the chair, looking at him with narrowed eyes. "You must know Mr. Carbonell, Steven Rogers was… he was a good man, a good son, a good student, a good friend, he was a good person, the best out of all of us…" Fury swallowed, and for a second, Tony wondered if it was wrong to choose Fury to tell him about Rogers.
Ever since he was a kid he always loved gazing at the stars, he always gazed at the stars in wonder and amazement, his eyes trying to follow the ghost of an unknowing light he always dreams of and was never able to forget. It was after escaping from the caves in Afghanistan that he finally found the light he was searching for; it all started when the armor was destroyed when he was forced to land the first armor he created, he remembered walking and walking until it turned into night, he remembered shivering in coldness and fear, not knowing where to go and which way it was for salivation, he remembered gazing at the stars as he shivered in coldness and fear.
baby, so it's alright." Bucky cooed, one of his hands fell on Steve's belly causing the Omega's heart to nearly stop at that. "It's alright, once we go home everything will be alright… you don't have to fear anything anymore." Steve's breath hitched as he finally lost it and let out a sob, shaking all the while until Bucky turned him around to face him. "Shhh, don't cry sweetheart, everything is going to be fine." Bucky hummed, wiping Steve's tears away, causing Steve to sniffle before biting his lower lips hard.
"If you say so…" Tony mumbled, returning to the stew, ignoring how his father starts humming happily like he was pleased with himself, and he should be, he managed to calm Tony down from burning the food. "Well, the stew is nearly done…" Tony hummed only to freeze when he heard the front door opening informing Tony that Steve was back with Harley.
The reason Tony finally gathering the courage to return to his home was the fact that Peggy Carter was thrown into an asylum for being mentally unstable and insane. After the woman was locked behind the bars, Tony gained the courage to return to his beloved home and see how his place fared in the loving hands of his friends and family.
If someone told Tony that today was the day he will lose his Goddamn sanity (And privacy) he would have laughed loudly in their face while walking away, ordering Jarvis to put them on the blacklist for all he cares, but the thing is, that's exactly what happened to him right now. It all started with Barnes, Goddamn Captain fucking America discovering that his childhood friend (And the original Captain America) was still alive, which then ended with him going on his mad quest of catching the Winter Soldier, the most feared assassin in the world. The one that put the fear of God in Natasha Romanov, the ghost stories that everyone feared hearing, lest it was hunted, the Steve Rogers.
One year… that's how long since Steve died protecting Tony and Asgard. One year had passed since Steve sacrificed himself, and taking Thanos and his armies down. One year… since Tony saw Steve turn to dust in front of his eyes, unable to save Steve as he tried desperately to gather the shiny stardust that Steve left behind… one year since Thor brought a shell-shocked Tony back to earth, explaining everything that happened to the Avengers, getting nothing but tears and denial for the words he spoke… one year… one year, since Tony lost the love of his life, standing uselessly in his place as his lover was taken away from him. A year since Tony couldn't look at one of his Iron Man suits without feeling like a failure; a year since Tony left the Avengers because every time Tony don his suit he could only see Steve's face as he turned to dust…
Steve though, Steve just smile happily and the glow surrounding him get a little brighter, informing Tony that his words were appreciated, which calmed the inventor down a little, he hadn't messed it up, good! "You too…" Steve mumbled shyly, causing Tony to puff his chest a little, so Steve did notice!
"What does Hydra's scum wants with me? Weren't you ruined in the forties? Or was my counterpart that much of a disappointment?" Steven gritted out, deciding to appear astonished that Hydra was still roaming around; trying to show Zola that, no, he didn't know about Hydra being S.H.I.E.L.D. all alone, and that the Avengers have been working for months to round up all of Hydra's agents, and that in a few more weeks where they were planning on launching Project Insight; Hydra will fall.
The doctor threw a nervous look toward Steve, but a threatening growl from Howard made him sigh. "T-the Omega shows side effects due to starvation, and physical abuse, he is greatly malnutrition and dehydrated, so we put him on IV and we are going to start the liquid diet as soon as he wakes up. While we were examining him farther we discovered that he was bradycardic we were thankful that no cardiac arrest occurs, we found a few fractured bones, and the rest you will find in this fil-" The file was snatch from him by a frantic Howard who read through the file, Maria let out sobs as she read the file with Howard.
"What are you doing?" Speaking of the devil, Tony blinked his eyes and turned his head slightly to see Steve standing behind him, looking at the screen that displayed the codes with wide eyes and dropped jaw. Now with a look like that on anyone else, Tony would have taken it as a look of awe and amazement, but coming from Steve who saw science more advanced than the one on earth it made Tony a little bit concern. "Tony, what are you doing?" Steve took a step toward Tony tiling his head as he gazed at the screen before him with furrow brows. "Why… why did you make the Space Stone the source of the power?" Steve asked and Tony really shouldn't be surprised that Steve was able to understand perfectly what was going on here.
"This is soooo stupid!" Tony whined, sitting up from his curled position on the floor and tidy himself as best as he can, grimacing as he wiped the line of drool on his face, that informed him that; yup, he was sleeping and drooling alright. Looking at the clock, Tony scrunched his nose when he saw that it was 12:00 A.M. did he miss his date with Steve or something? It was true that Steve never gave him a certain time when he asked him out for a date, but it was like the next day, right?
Going inside, he stopped near the living room when he heard some grumbling from the living room, which caused him to go inside and see that the grumbling was coming from Bucky, who was sitting on the ground sewing what seems to be a shirt. "Bucky?" Steve questioned which made the Alpha snap his head toward him, looking like a dear caught in a headlight, Steve caught the scared look on Bucky's face, making him feel like his heart was about to break.
Steven gazed at the medicine, that seemed to be a herbal drink, after giving it a sniff, he scrunches his nose at the sharp smell, taking a sip from the drink; after confirming that he knew the ingredient of the drink and that there wasn't any poison, Steven held his breath and drank all of the medicine in one go, ignoring how he start feeling nauseous for taking the drink on an empty stomach. "What happened to Petrus?" Steven asked, his mind wandering to the small pup that endangered himself to try and help Steven, from the corner of his eyes, Steven noticed the surprise on Braes' face, probably wondering why the queen will ask about the king's pup.
"How is Loki?" Steven asked as he walked beside the man with dark skin, he could see the man's bewildered expression in his eyes, though his face reminds cold and emotionless, Steven thinks that if he wasn't so good at reading expressions he would have never caught that look on the man's face.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, so much sadness, a little fluff, Steven being a gentle Mommy, while Bucky and Peter being cute and sad! All reviews are appreciated.
Steve stiffens a sob as he clenched his hands into fists, trying to think of a way to right what happened not a few hours ago. If what his stalker said was true… if it even held a speckle of truth in it; it all means that Tony was finally leaving Steve, his husband was going to leave him alone and follow Howard's orders, leaving Steve caring for their daughter until she gets old enough to ask him why her father was not with them, which by then his daughter would know that this was Steve's fault.
Finally reaching the king's house, Steven finally let out a relieved sigh, planning on going to his attic and resting as much as his heart content… after braving the stairs that will be his reason for death. The house was surprisingly clean when Steven entered it, it made the Omega wonder if he will once again clean it came the morning, but by the level of cleaning, he can state proudly that whoever did this, was an expert, for they managed to clean the house until it sparkled.
"F… Fuck you…" Steve hissed, finally managing to gather himself enough to knee Bucky in the crutch, ignoring the pained shout the man let as he untangled himself from the Alpha's arms; and as fast as he can with his pregnant belly, Steve rushed out of the room, snatching the room keys and locking the door behind him, hoping that he would manage to make enough time for his escape. They were on the second floor, and unless Bucky wanted to break the sturdy door, his only escape was to jump from the window and risk breaking his legs.
"Love, Harley will adore you, don't worry about it." Steve gave him a soft smile, pulling him in his embrace, making Tony sigh and snuggle into Steve's chest, letting out a content purr, when he felt his Alpha kissing the top of his head, God, his to-be-mate is so sweet!
Everyone stayed silent after that, they could feel the anger rolling in waves from Anton, making everyone uncomfortable as they progressed toward the hunting ground; Anton hoped that by the end of this trip he would have calmed down enough to start thinking rationally, maybe even think of a suitable way to apologize to the Omega. The party continued to walk for a few more minutes, keeping open eyes for predator and prey at the same time, hoping to catch a buck or two, knowing that the meat would be appreciated especially considering the Winter solstice was getting near.
"Stark, my name is Tony Stark, and I am here to look for my son," Tony said as he gave the files he collected on his son in the past year.
"Teach me how to fight." Tony demand which made Steve look at the Omega up and down like he was sizing him, a small smile appears on his face when Tony growled at the Alpha taking a fighting stance, or what the Omega thought of as a fighting stance.
Steve was cleaning the house when he heard the door being knocked on, which made him blink and gaze at the clock that informed him that it has only been two hours since Peter and Tony left, Steve hummed at that as he went to the door, knowing that if it was his baby he would have called him if they were about to return home, so maybe it was Bucky? After all, the man still felt like shit for inserting himself in Steve and Tony's fight, which after Steve cold down told the Alpha not to sweat it and that he was just stressed.
Before Natasha started to ridicule Tony further, the little baby turn toward her and raise his hands; the next few seconds were the most amazing and funny seconds of his life, especially, when the chaos started. The baby, to Tony's surprise, shot something like a spider web from his arms at Natasha's face, causing the woman to shriek like hell as the substance covered her whole face without Natasha being able to remove them no matter how much she tugged. It took a few more seconds for what happened to register in Tony's mind, and when it did, the genius couldn't help but laugh and laugh until his breath left him, the sight in front of him was priceless!
The woman scrunched her nose and huffed, gazing at Tony up and down before looking him in the eyes. "My name is Peggy Rogers, Steven's wife, I came to see him and our child; I would ask once more, is Steven home?" The woman… Peggy, stated, causing Tony to pause and blink his eyes, only for a deep scowl to take over his face when her words made sense to his shocked brain. Her husband and child? Is she real? She is talking about his husband like the man didn't leave her for abusing Peter and acting like everything is alright!
"It's… it's nothing… I thought it was nothing you know… it's just that Pepper and Tony had this on-again-off-again relationship since college. That's why I was surprised when I saw you open the door all these months ago. When I left Tony and Pepper were already engaged, so I was shocked to learn that he married else... someone like you." Bucky explained his words were like a knife to Steve's heart, especially when Steve didn't even know about Tony and Pepper and them being engaged.
"Shield? What kind of Shield? I already delivered all of the shields I made to their owners." Anton stood up, stretching his legs as he gazed at the two boys who were glaring at him… well, James was glaring at him as for Petrus the boy was looking up with betrayed eyes.
"Who is this woman?" Tony asked when he reached the picture of a strange woman standing near his pup while gazing at the baby with wonder, looking closely to the picture Tony saw that the woman was pregnant but her belly was hidden by the clothes she wore, his question made Steve tense, and Tony knew who this woman was immediately, but before he waved his hand off to the Alpha, telling him it was alright, the Alpha answered him, surprising Tony.
Peter's voice filtered into his mind, reminding him of what his friend (Or was it brother now that Mr. Steve and Mr. Tony adopted Harley as their son too?) said the first time Harley met Mr. Tony. It was true that Mr. Tony was different than other Omegas, gentler, calming, and never gets angry, but Harley knows that it would change as soon if not before the Rogers family get tired of him than it would be as soon Mr. Steve and Mr. Tony are going to have a baby of their own.
"I know Anna, but…" Steve saw Tony glancing at him before he leaned to whisper in the Beta's ear, which made the woman's eyes widen and for her jaw to drop, it took a few minutes before the woman shook herself out of her shock and when she did, she hit Tony's head with the board in her hand which made the Alpha squeak in pain and rushed away from the Beta's rang last she hit him once more.
"Does that mean you finally see him worthy for the throne, or was it something else?" Bruce shifted uncomfortably; he probably hated himself for being the person who spoke and no one else, which caused Steve to grin, sending the doctor a wink.
"What did you do Tony?" Steve said desperately as he gazed at the Alpha with betrayal, which made the Alpha blink and frown at the loud voice the Omega was talking in. "You promised me you stopped drinking, Tony!" The Omega bites the inside of his cheek to stop himself from screaming a few more words at the Alpha, which made the man's frown deepened.
"No!" Tony growled, coming to stand in front of Steve and glaring at Gamora as if daring her to continue with her words. "How do we know that this is not a trap? After all, isn't this woman Thanos' daughter? Who says she isn't working for him and trying to lore Steve toward Thanos?" Tony snapped, glaring daggers at the guardians, standing in front of Steve and hiding him from their eyes.
… Tony's mind whispered and Tony doesn't know if that word was for him or for Rogers. "Mama…" Tony blinked his eyes when Morgan whines and fisted his shirt in her tiny hand.
Tony then run upstairs, he froze as he heard footsteps heading down, he hides in one of the closets and waited until the noise sounded farther away, he then gets out and runs up searching for Jarvis. "Oh, God," Tony whispered as he saw Jarvis on the floor unconscious. Tony runs toward Jarvis and turns the other man making him let out a weak moan.
"I… I didn't m-mean it, Papa! The room was open, and… and…" The boy's voice left him as he heard another sob leaving the Omega, making the boy's lips wobbly at that, as he starts sniffling, begging his father to understand.
Steve was in a very good mood today, not only because he felt reassure that they will catch whoever was the stalker, thanks to Natasha who Steve knows will catch him with no problem at all; but also because Tony was in the house, and Steve was planning on going out with his husband and having a good time with the man. It had been four months since the two of them had a day to themselves, and Steve was excited to stay with his husband and enjoy a good movie.
"Steve, huh…" Tony murmured to himself, what Betty told him playing in his mind over and over again, making him think and probably overthink things. Turning to Steve, Tony saw his husband slapping Bucky on the back of his head for scaring the children; it was only a second, but Steve glanced his way, giving Tony a gentle smile and a knowing look which made a smile twitch on Tony's face…
"Hey, hey, hey, first of all, I have never touched an alcoholic drink in three years! Second of all, what do you mean by me fighting James? Baby, do I need to call Bruce to come and check you? Did you hit your head when you passed out? You are making no sense!" Tony looked like he was a minute away from a full-blown panic attack, Steve even saw his Alpha's hands twitched near his pocket like he was ready to take his phone out and call Bruce.
Reaching the ground floor, Steve wheeled himself outside, heading to the garden that was open to all patients and their families; Steve didn't hear Peggy's footsteps behind, which caused him to relax a little at the thought of managing to have a few precious seconds to himself before being forced to fight with Bucky and Peggy once more.
"Look at him!" Tony screamed as he got one of the pup's photos from the envelope thrusting it in Howard's face making the Alpha back away avoid looking at the photo. "Why won't you look at him? So it is OK to get rid of him but it's another seeing the person you want to throw away?" Tony let out a sob lowering the photo, his body was shaking and the Omega was trying desperately to hold into his tears because it was one thing to let his father see that he was a few seconds from breaking.
"I don't know…" Tony ends up saying as his eyes fell on a painted portrait of his face, and he felt his heart flutter in his chest with happiness... he wasn't forgotten. "But I'm home." Tony smiled a little at that which caused his family to look at him with happiness, Tony turned to his pup fast, when his baby let out a surprised cry.
A month… a month they both spent in Italy and Tony wished that they will live there, in that wonderful place full of happy memories and wishes and legends and love. A month and Tony can see the same wish in his husband's eyes and promised himself that they will come back here one day, with Peter and their friends to see this wonderful place once more.
!' Tony praised, he could only moan and whimper as his husband thrust inside of him, only to stop and start toying with him again; it seemed like Tony had managed to marry the world's most stubborn menace, and Tony wondered if he will get it into Steve's brain that he's not fucking Tony well enough, maybe then Steve will take mercy on him and give him what he wants. With a frustrated noise, Tony planted his other foot into the bed and rolls his hips up, gasping when it drove Steve deeper inside him but not deep enough. "Steve!" Tony ended up resorting to whining, something he wasn't proud of doing but will do again if it meant that Steve will touch him like he wants.
"Come on, dear, I know a good diner just around the corner, and I am sure a good night's sleep will bring back the blush to your cheeks." The woman said which made Tony blink and flush a little, grumbling to himself as he followed the woman to the car. "You can sign the papers tomorrow, don't worry about the mess, it will be all cleaned before we get back here tomorrow, by then you could tell my husband what kind of remodeling you want, also if you want I have a room in my house that can serve as a temporary guest room, we don't have motels here, as you can see we don't usually have people who drive in through the forest to reach our town." Mrs. Carter said, talking about this and that which made Tony hum to himself as he nodded his head walking beside the woman toward her car.
“Why are you here?” Steve finally dared to ask, he had been watching Howard for a long time now, and he knew that the man was on his last nerves and wanted to say something to Steve, probably to threaten him again or offer him money, you never know with Howard. When the man starts walking in his direction Steve took it as his chance to ask what the hell did the Alpha want, why was he here, and probably scream at him some more, but Steve was too tired that he simply said those words without any bit to them.
His baby seemed to have the most luck out of the two of them, and Tony wondered if it was because Tony waste most of his luck; he was so sure that his lucky star gave him a lot of luck and Tony must have waste half of it when he was trying to survive the deadly situations he went through, he was sure that there were at least 2388 times he would have ended up died if it wasn't for the stroke of dumb luck saving him.
"Only for you..." Tony pulled Steve down for a kiss, moaning into Steve's soft lips. He thought he can still taste himself in Steve's mouth, and it's sort of filthy but in the best way, and Tony's harder than he thought possible. Tony doesn't make a move to touch himself, though. His cock sits snug between his belly and Steve's, twitching at the occasional delicious friction afforded by Steve's thrusts and Tony's squirming, but Tony isn't worried about coming or not. Just feeling this close to Steve was doing him wonders.
Biting his tongue, Steven forced a smile on his lips as he gazed at the pups, trying to stop himself from turning and slapping the king in the face; not only the stupid Alpha forced him into this kind of situation, but the man also tried to sway his pup away from his side by using this low trick. "You can go and see the bear, sweetheart, just make sure you behave… take Margaret with you," Steven said through gritted teeth, counting in his head to stop himself from doing something stupid like kicking the Alpha where the sun doesn't shine.
Steven sighed as he looked around Asgard, taking in the places with wondering eyes, smiling when he saw the children run around the place laughing happily as they rushed to play a game only they know about. It left Steven sad to see that this Asgard was destroyed in his world, that all the people here died because of Hela and Thanos, that the old, young, and babes, were killed just for existing, a fate that made Steven rage… he still remembered Thor's hollow eyes as he gazes at what left of his people, only one hundred survivors, while millions died on that ship. The Asgardian never recovered, even in the new Asgard, even on an island far away to the north, they still distrust everyone who looked their way, even after thirty years and a lot of births and people trying to hold themselves together for their children… the Asgardian still grieved, especially when Thor left them with Val because, by the end of the day, Thor was the last royal from the royal family, their last link to their home.
"Then why did you come here?" Tony asked, wanting to know what made Angie come to this town if she had everything she wanted, she was married, she had a home, she had a job; so what brought her to this town in the first place? What brought her here and let her abandoned everything, her home, her husband, and her job?
So the three of them were now on the spying mission Peggy assigns to him, and Steve was going to rip his hair out. Why? Because Natasha and Clint just won't stop bickering! No matter how much Steve shushed them, glared at them, throw stones at their forehead… they just won't stop! So after finally finishing their mission and heading down to Shield by a miracle, Natasha and Clint finally calmed down after Steve snapped at them for the twentieth time.
Well, it was mainly because both of them weren't ready to go all the way, Tony with not being comfortable enough to have sex once again after the last time that ended with him falling pregnant and losing his baby, and Steve who is trying to get over his ex who left a bad taste in his life that still clouded the minds of the Rogers family, especially Sarah with her being overprotective of his family… nearly controlling sometimes… Tony thanked Steve for being a strong-willed and Winnie for taking no shit from Sarah as she kicked Sarah making the Alpha see reason and stop trying to ruin her son and grandson's lives by being controlling.
"I don't know, Pete, but he is Iron Man, remember? He will get better…" Steve whispered making the pup sniffle at that and hides his face in Steve's chest…
I may write a sequel on a later date though, I know this story has so many potentials; we still have to tackle the Stane issue and a few other things.
The way to Tony's room was spent with Steve telling Bruce, what the doctors and nurses did to Tony and his pup, which made Bruce growl and mutter something angrily, and if Steve knew something about befriending Bruce in the last three years, it was to never get him angry. The two of them marched until they reached the room, only to see Howard and Peggy outside talking about something. Steve nods toward them and opened the door to the Omega's room and lets Bruce enter making Peggy and Howard frown at that and follow Steve and the Beta inside.
That was the last Steve heard before the person on the other end hung the phone, leaving Steve and Tony in a suffocating silence; Steve opened and closed his mouth a few times, not knowing what to say before he finally gathered himself enough to gaze at Tony. Tony, who looked pale like he saw a ghost in front of him; Tony who was clutching Steve's phone tightly in his hand, like he was about to break it, Tony who... "What does he mean, Tony? Tony, what does he mean?" Steve's voice cracked as he asked the question, wanting to know but at the same time, he doesn't want to know the answer least his heart broke more than it already did hearing what the stalker implied.
… Tony's mind could only chant as he tried to reach the lake, hoping that everything would turn out fine if he asked for Rogers's help once more. "Found you." A voice hissed behind Tony and before he managed to do anything Tony could only cry in pain as Howard managed to grape him by his hair and kick his left leg hard, causing Tony to lose his footing and crash on his knees. "For a useless, bitch, you are good at running away." Howard sneered as he shook Tony by his hair, making Tony whine and huff, gazing at the lake that was so close and so far at the same time. "Now that you are here, it is time to go; I hope you said your goodbyes to the pest upstairs." Howard huff in annoyance, pulling Tony harshly by his hair to a different direction than the house, causing Tony's heart to drop to his stomach; the thought of him leaving his baby alone in that room was terrifying…
?" Steve asked which got him a sniffle from Tony and wide teary eyes being directed at him, which ended with the man twitching when he saw how broken-hearted Tony was… Tony wasn't that emotional even when Pepper married Happy, he wasn't a crying sniffling mess when she had her daughter Morgan! So why was Tony sniffling in front of his husband like he got his heart ripped out and stumped on? "There, there, sweetheart, we will see our baby soon, just a little more patient and we will have him in our arms." Steve coos as he pulled Tony in his arms, kissing his forehead and causing Tony to grumble.
He had a black eye but he couldn't remember how he got it. Maybe it was when he stumbled out of bed, fell and hit the side of the table. Or when he slammed his face down the toilet bowl to vomit. He had trouble sorting out the dates. Day and night bled onto each other without remorse for his sanity.
He lived in a city with eight million people, passing by hundreds of faces every single day, but he never felt as alone as the day Tony took his last breath.
“You’re something else. Is this the type of thing they teach you in the Army?” Tony has his hands on his hips and he’s smiling and it makes Steve’s heart soar. “How to be a gentleman.”
Our protagonist is flying high on a plane in a free country ruled by a dictator. He’s sitting next to an Ambassador who’s called a communist sympathizer. Funny, I’ve been called the opposite as Director. Facist, pig, the journalists printed and hollered at me in the streets. Anyway, this Ambassador's wife wrote a letter to
Steve groans, his movements growing frantic and he’s whispering about how much he loves this, loves us. “Tony, Tony,” he repeats again and again.
Steve shakes his head with disappointment. But it’s not like finding Tony on the other side of their debate. Their little war.
She didn’t have to do that. It set Steve on edge even though she was only trying to help. He couldn’t explain it. He appreciated Pepper’s care and support, but he couldn’t stop feeling like he was fucking up. As if she needed to check on him. Confirm that he was alive and the kids were alright. It’s as if Steve couldn’t take care of them. And he could, dammit.
“Tony,” Steve said, helpless. No, he had to focus. He squared his shoulders and addressed the doctors. “What’s the plan of action?”
Tony’s face was tight with dried tears, and he suspected that he looked as messy and chaotic as he felt. But his lips curled into a tiny, uneven smile. Steve’s lips parted. He rocked forward, and their mouths met again.
He stared at Steve for a beat, unsure of what this was about. Tony wasn’t used to people being gentle or kind anymore. But here was Steve, proving him wrong again and again.
There’s a crease on his face, and once, Tony would have read it as concern, but now, he can’t assess this Steve with the same certainty.
“You know, you’re acting like babies are something we can order online.” Steve grinned, dropping his forehead to Tony’s. It was sweaty from the suit and smelled like dust. “I’m assuming that unless you figure out a way to get one of us pregnant biologically, we’d adopt or get a surrogate?”
The foundation of the Mansion is still here but the interior is rotten. Rats scurry off. Cockroaches ignore them.
What a profoundly awful moment to have Steve stand before him, cradling Tony's face as if he was something precious and worth saving. There was nothing more devastating than having those eyes on him, Steve whispering, “Oh, Tony —”
“No.” Steve pulls off without warning and grabs Tony’s wrist with the same hand that was just fucking him. He slams them to the mattress. “No,” he whispers, “Come on, look at me. Let’s have this.”
They spent the week talking, discussing whether they want to adopt or get a surrogate. There were many orphans in the world looking for a home. But selfishly, Steve insisted on surrogacy. He wanted to look at their children and see Tony’s features in their faces.
“I want dad. Dad. Dad. He’s—he’s gone?” Her eyes were shut tightly and she shook with the force of her pain.
“Maybe that’s what I want,” Tony cried, gesturing to the room. He didn’t bother wiping the tears on his face. He was so sick of crying, he was sick of remembering, he was sick of his brain telling him what he did wrong, and how he wouldn’t have changed a single thing.
Tony pulled their intertwined hands and kissed her little fingers. He squeezed it three times before setting it back down on the table.
“According to the court’s paperwork, I’ve changed my last name, sweetheart.” Steve uses Tony’s thigh to balance himself slightly forward and slides the window’s curtain slightly open.
With shaky fingers, he types out a long explanation that he promptly erases, hoping there’d be time for that later.
Steve’s smiling, and it isn’t Steve, not the Steve he knows. All of Tony’s thoughts circle around those five letters. The single syllable he doesn’t allow himself to utter anymore.
Carol slapped Barnes though. I gotta say, Steve, Bucky's uniform really made him look like your junior. He's better off with the new Captain America suit though. Designed after you, of course, but with Barnes' own twist.
Using his other hand, Steve grabbed Tony’s ass and lifted them both up into a sitting position. Steve planted his feet to the floor and used the leverage to fuck deeper into Tony.
“No,” he said, staring at Steve Rogers. He was in civilian clothes and he looked as handsome as ever.
There was a time when he thought Steve looked back at him and Tony saw interest and awe written all over his face.
Its bright silver star stripped out. He couldn't part with it. It's tactical, the best armor he can get his hands on. Nevermind that it's been years since he last wore it. Sometimes, he thinks it still smells like gunpowder.
“Tony made me promise to make sure that you take care of yourself. I’m not breaking that.” Pepper narrowed her eyes for a moment, then turned and left the penthouse. He knew she’d return soon. No apologies. No hard feelings.
The last time he was here, he was doing a study of still life. There’s a vase with flowers, and five years later, they should have withered. There’s no magic to it.
Tony’s belly heats up in anger, fucking Victor tried to make a move on him. Fuck, he could have been date raped or tortured or ended up in a ditch somewhere. He doubted Doom had the balls to do anything so asinine, he would have probably just made Tony talk about Stark Tech.
Tony’s sharp eyes are on him, and Steve wants nothing more than to just fall back into the love seat and stay silent, let the scene pass. But he doesn’t have the right to treat this place like home.
Fuck. If Steve didn’t have the serum to assuage the bursts of headaches he had received in these last 36 hours, he’d probably be throwing up all over his desk. Somehow, after months of research, they found this grainy recording of Howard and Maria Stark.
“Eat, kiddos,” Tony commands, pointing at their still-full plates. “Got to get your nutrients after sparring.”
“No, never,” Tony said, watching as Steve visibly sagged with relief.  “I should be asking you that.”
There’s a certain tenderness to him that’s openly exposed, as if mentorship and the loss of life encouraged him to pull the plates of armor and reveal the man underneath. For a man who insists on bordering the world with a suit of armor and building one for himself, it’s Steve who’s entrapped under layers and layers of walls.
“It’s quite a sight.” He takes both of Tony’s hands and compares the feel of the prosthetic to the flesh.
He could haul his ass up and walk the seven steps to open the hotel mini-fridge. The selection was varied. From where he was currently sprawled on the bed, he could see the gleaming bottle of Knob Creek beside the Blue Label. He could do it. He could walk over. He was functional now. Brain and organs were intact with minimal damage.
He grips the wheel tighter, turns slightly to the left to avoid a fallen object in the middle of the road, and continues driving. On and on, the roads here are rougher, the terrain up narrow with sloping turns.
He bawled, head hanging low, vision blurry with tears and suddenly, he was shaking with the force of his cries. Steve pressed his fists over his eyes. The back of his hand was cold, alleviating the heat and sting from his tears.
“Is it the war? You… do you get flashbacks?” Tony chews on his lower lip, wetting it. Steve wants to trace the curves of his smile with his tongue.
Steve licked his lips, and Tony followed the movement of his tongue. “Not everything, but mostly, you. Us. The EMP, the Mansion, what came after…”
“Why do you make things so difficult for yourself? Come on, get up.” She dropped to the bed and reached for his hand. She wiped her face. “Fuck, Tony. Let me get these off.” Carol looked around, eyeing the tools beside the half-finished gauntlet. “Can I use this —”
Steve’s shield was raised. His eyes blown and blue, a striking contrast against the burning buildings of the city.
Tony’s mentoring a couple of kids like Miles Morales and Kamala Khan, offering them tips and advice. But mostly, Steve’s witnessed Tony chew his lips in worry for the two kids. Being a parent seemed hard.
“I learn more at home. It’s so basic. I’m just droning. I could teach the class myself, pops.” Harley sighed but took the proffered lunch bag.
Steve walks further into the house. It’s a lovely home with nice wooden floors he’s only seen while working odd jobs and construction in the Upper East Side. There are large double doors that lead to a massive deck and then, further down is the gateway to the beach. It would be a dream to wake up here if the place isn’t littered with drunk people grinding on each other. A woman in a neon bathing suit winks at him before kissing the pierced woman beside her. He passes them without a word, too strung on
Steve studied his face for a moment before leaning in and cautiously giving Tony a kiss, this one was deeper although annoyingly gentle. Still it was Steve Rogers kissing him and that was something he'd never thought he'd have.
He slid his arms around Steve and deepened the kiss, even as he opened his eyes so that he could see the mural. Yes, Tony was pretty sure he was going to like this universe.
"You really ought to call Pepper," Steve tried again. Although this time Tony caught the self-sacrificing expression that was all too familiar from the Steve Rogers he'd known.
"Oh." Steve's voice softened as he joined Tony on the balcony. "I know it must be strange for you. But it'll be okay. And I'm sure Pepper--"
Tony had gotten close to recreating it with Extremis 3.0, but seeing Steve standing in front of him with all those muscles and his perfect teeth made him realize that he'd still fallen short. Although he'd gotten closer to cracking the code than anyone else.
"What about the Steve in your universe?" Steve asked, seeming to read his mind. "Because I'm not him. If you're trying to replace--"
Tony had planned to get out of here and return to his own universe, but having Steve actually look at him with poorly concealed hope and affection made him reconsider his options. If there was a universe where Steve and the others weren't full of distrust and hatred for him then it might give him a clean slate.
"When I first woke up after they found me," Steve said. "There was a museum dedicated to my life. It was overwhelming."
It wasn't strange. In fact he rather liked it. Someday soon he hoped there were Iron Man murals on every building. Preferably without the trite "Rest In Peace, Hero of Our Hearts" scrawled across the bottom, but he wasn't feeling too picky at the moment.
Besides he'd done orgies and casual sex to death. They were starting to get boring. Seducing Captain America was a brand new challenge.
daughter." Tony moved closer to Steve, leaning in just enough that he saw Steve's eyes drop to his lips. Very interesting indeed. "But, Steve, in my universe I wasn't married to Pepper. I was single."
But first, I need a parting gift for Steve. I place the blade under my eyelid and follow the curve. It’s just an organ.
Steve lets me adjust. I open my mouth wider, then get a hand on his shaft and time my strokes. I suck the head of his dick and choke myself on it.
Do you prefer longer or shorter chapters? I have some that are 9-15k long and I'm trying to decide if I should divide them in half. Let me know what you think!
“No, that’s not true.” He took Tony’s hand, focusing on the beat of his heart. “We choose. We can always choose.”
That morning, Steve woke to his daughter’s wailing. Morgan screamed and howled until her throat was raw. Her face was mottled and her freckles were stained with tears. She hugged Steve’s bicep tightly, body shaking.
The kids’ conversation washed over them. All the while, Tony eyed him over their heads and mumbled a thank you. “How about we all stay in bed today? It’s Monday anyway, boring Monday. Let’s just stay here and have a movie marathon.”
Steve opens his eyes, catching sight of the stupid blindfold. He can’t see Tony’s eyes. But he imagines them wide, surprised and elated, like he’s always wanted Steve to kiss him.
It was like being caught doing something he wasn’t supposed too. All the happiness he felt in that moment was washed away with guilt.
“To the love of my life. I only have three ugly words: You left me. Then another: I love you.” Imogen didn’t cry, but she kept crossing her legs. She shook her head. “No. I
“Fuck,” Carol said, and he paused, waiting for the impact of a punch, but instead, she grabbed him by the neck and cried. “Tony, no. Don’t
He doesn’t say, instead, Steve swallows, looks at the ocean adrift. “I want to be desperately needed. In the Army, I had that. There was the routine of ensuring everyone was alive, cared for. Now, I’m here. I need something else.” Steve sighs, he’s said too much. In the sand, Tony finds his hand and squeezes it. “You’re too trusting.”
The only reason Steve is here today is because Tony mentioned Café Hafa back then, in the quiet space of time Steve has come to think of as the Before.
Steve resurfaced, looking up around the mess of their living room. There were moving boxes everywhere, several canvases stacked by the wall, and take-out cartons in the half assembled kitchen table.
Someone bumps into him and Steve loses his balance for half a second. Tony has a hand on his elbow, catching his fall. Steve looks at Tony and he’s lost for words.
“Well, hey there, Captain Handsome.” Tony stood in the middle of the garden, hands on his hips. He took off his sunglasses and grinned at Steve. “I do like seeing my man all sweaty. I bet you smell good too.”
There’s the garden to tend to, and Morgan will ask for breakfast, and what will the rest of the team eat? He’s about to argue and forcefully break away when Bucky adds, soft, “come on, Stevie.”
“Morgan.” Steve bit down the curse on his lips. It wasn’t good that they were here, seeking Tony’s presence in this way. Surely, it meant they weren’t moving on? He’d have to schedule another meeting with their therapist. He told them not to go here. He asked them to leave the workshop alone. “I don’t think it’s good that you all are here.”
“Boyfriend?” Tony raises an eyebrow, pats his pockets, then leads Steve out to the dance floor. “Girlfriend?”
There’s no resentment in his eyes. No blame. Like he’s let go of the fight, while Steve has no other choice but to keep holding on.
Morgan has a Spanish water dog in her arms, and while small, with enough training, the pup should be good to run around the property at a safe distance.
Steve nods, willing his vision to return. How many lives lost in an instant, he wonders. He knows the numbers. He does. He’s seen it printed on the paper.
“Will you come for me?” Steve pushes Tony’s hair back and smiles, a small thing that should be replaced with a demanding groan, a furrowed brow, a smirk.
He looks like everything Steve’s ever dreamed of and wanted to avoid. The revelation shocks him to a beat of silence.
He gave the hand to Tony who eyed it with a flirty grin. He paused for a moment before slobbering over Steve’s cupped hand. “Captain America is such a bastard.”
“No,” Steve shakes his head. They face each other in the middle of the street. Outside, he can still hear the beat of a new song. The moon is up high, bearing down on this Los Angeles-esque nightlife like a drunken haze. It almost feels impossible that he’s standing face to face with Tony Stark. This man he’s dreamt about for months. He’s kept clippings of his accomplishments these last couple of years. Steve is proud of him and this future… whatever it may be. He hopes that Tony will say yes. Steve will do this right. He won’t be like Victor who tries to drug Tony, nor will he be like those vultures inside.
“Careful, partner. You might get Peacher Castle to travel all the way to this old town to ward off the devils.”
Sometimes Steve hated that she looked like Tony. Maybe Steve’s just seeing the things he wanted to see. Everyone would agree that her eyes, bright, brown, full of life, were Tony’s.
“Yes!” Harley cuddled closer to Tony, putting his little hands on his father’s middle. He smiled up at Tony. Steve felt his heart soar the sight of his little family all together.
“I don’t know why you all keep leaving, anyway,” Natasha adds. “I really don’t. There’s a place for you here. You have to know that.” She kicks off her feet and stands beside the window, her back turned to Steve. “But I suppose I’m not one to say anything. This family… this mess of a family… I didn’t think that it would be me and Tony trying to make do.”
Steve is so used to him talking a mile a minute, hands flying everywhere, gesturing to his suit or his tablet, eyes wild and expressive. But Tony keeps his eyes out the window, silent.
“How about I fuck you instead?” Steve pressed Tony to the tile wall and pulled his head to the side. Steve licked the water running down the column of his throat, trailing messy, spit-soaked kisses down his chest until he reached a nipple.
Instead, Steve tries to satisfy himself with short licks, memorizing Tony’s scent like this, with Steve’s cock pistoning inside him.
Steve uncapped the bottle and drizzled some lube to his finger tips. “Mr. Stark can learn some patience.”
“Dinner’s ready.” He croaked out. Steve wasn’t going to cry. “What are you doing here? Didn’t I say not to—”
Morgan pauses for a beat, chews her lip, then looks at Tony. Something passes through her face, the sort of question she has when she’s unsure, but it’s soon replaced with determination. She walks closer to Steve. “That’s why I’m asking you, Pops.”
“Yes, yeah,” Tony replies, already turning on the bed only to be stopped by Steve holding his hip down.
“I don’t know about that,” Steve says, but what he really means is that Samuel’s wrong, it’s not just the world, it’s all of existence, all of life. Maybe that’s not true now, but if Tony ever had the chance to be in Tony’s vicinity, they’d agree.
Tony scoots closer to Steve. Their feet touch in the sand. He takes the other bottle, drinks it, then drops it to the space beside them. “I’ll recycle it later,” he says, when Steve tries to grab liquor bottles and take it to the bin. Tony pulls him down. “So, Captain Rogers is normal and flawed like the rest of us mortals.”
His grip on the steering wheel slips, but he catches it quickly. With no PO BOX or permanent address for the last half decade, he didn’t receive an invitation. But Natasha, as always, kept him informed on the ins and outs of the Compound. It’s like short weekly reports. She’d send him a two line message about the Avengers and what the rest of them were up to. Just enough detail to put things together when he saw the news in corner restaurants, local bars, on the third page of a French newspaper.
Starkad can feel his advisors shifting in their places; Jamti and Magna were on either side of him, their eyes flashing dangerously as they took in Hamar who was a shivering mess, his face and clothes stained with his blood, curtsy of Starkad's rage and the queen protectiveness of Petrus. Everyone was mad, but no one was as mad as Loki, who was screaming threats and promises of pain and death, the only thing keeping him in his place was his brother who was having a strong grip on his shoulder; no one saw Loki like this before, for the Alpha was the picture of calm and collected, and him turning nearly feral on Hamar, informed all of them that the Omega was truly one of their people and that if the news reached king Odin (Loki and Thor's father) about what took a place here, it will not only mean the alliance and friendship between their villages was over, but it also meant war, and Starkad, even if he was sure that his people will win, he was certain that the causalities and deaths that will take them to win will be fatal and crushing.
Tony though refused to leave Steve's side even when everything became more awkward (And sweet, even if a major part of Tony refuse to admit that) with the way Steve kept smiling happily at him and whispering sweet nothing in his ear, causing Bucky to hiss and growl at Tony like a feral cat, and for Natasha to sharpen a knife she materialized out of nowhere. The reason why Tony refused to leave Steve side was that Tony was 1000% sure he will be killed when Steve would leave him alone; the only reason half of the people didn't outright strangle him to gain Steve's affection was that Steve was huge and intimidating when he wanted to be.
"Ah, do not let Nicolaus catch you saying these words or he would pull your ears," Steven warned which earned him a pout from his boy who started grumbling, which caused Steven to laugh softly and shake his head. "He is a family friend… an uncle… he was my father's Shield brother," Steven whispered, causing James to blink and turn to Steven with wide eyes, no surprise considering that Steven rarely talks about his Sire and Dam, not wanting to remember the pain of losing them because of his failure. "Listen to me carefully, James; if anything is to happen, no matter what it is, I want you to go immediately to Nicolaus and no one else." That order caused the small boy to stop in his place, scrunching his nose in deep thoughts.
Steve heard her sad said voice, and he sniffed at that whispering his 'Yes', he ignored his Avenger's badge that was going off like crazy beside him and look at the burning warehouse he was in, the glasses turn dark for a second then it start counting down from five making Steve smile and close his eyes as he heard the sound of the missile getting closer and closer toward his location.
"Who's that…?" The pup asked when he finally noticed him; Howard could do nothing but smile at the boy who shies away behind Tony, a flush on the boy's face as he waved a hello toward Howard. The action was sweet and it caused a small smile to take over Howard's face as his eyes took in the family in front of him.
