“Open will work on them,” Sherlock replied, urging me forward.
I sniffed, took a deeper breath.  Over the scent of damp soil and mouldering leaves, it floated - the scent of roses, like the white ones surrounding my balcony - climbing roses with thick stems and very long thorns.
“You’ll owe me,” Sherlock repeated.
“After only a few minutes, Madame Willow sat up straight and looked around at us all, blinking her eyes as though arising from a doze.
“Where’s the Manor?” I asked.
John’s smile was broad as he pried the lid off the tin.  He bent down to inhale the aroma he had released and the lamplight turned the silver in his hair gold.
The stone was cold beneath his feet.  The skin on his back was on fire.
“Or…”  He rested his chin atop my shoulder, eyes on mine as his hand slipped lower.  “We could make them wait just a little longer.”
My eye roved as I continued to turn, lowering my gaze slightly when my neck complained of the angle.  There was a minstrels’ gallery along the wall facing the dancers’ windows.  The columns supporting it were mature trees, whose girth I could not have encompassed in my outstretched arms.  The gallery’s railing was carved with leaves and flowers, something at their centres catching the coloured light.  There was no visible access to the gallery; my assumption was that it was concealed in one of the tree trunks.  I took a firm step towards the right one, the impulse to uncover the hidden staircase strong.  Perhaps the whole house was to be a series of puzzle boxes.
There was a stream curving through the wood.  Over the rush of the water, I fancied I could hear the plash of his footsteps.  I followed over the rounded rocks below the cold current, shivering and intent.
I sighed.
Sherlock stood and caught his spear on a hook embedded in a stone flight of steps next to the water.  "Hold this," he said, passing me the shaft of the spear.
“The longer you stay, the closer our bond,” he continued, eyes on the turning blades. “Before it becomes too firm, others must be given a chance to woo you away from me.”
From outside, a horse could be heard whinnying.  Another horse snorted.
That was an unusual statement.  I turned my head to look over my shoulder at him.  “You misjudged your parents’ awareness of our living arrangements and certain consequences flowing from that – what else?”
John felt the muscles of a lower back then the firm curve of a buttock beneath his hand.  He grasped it and growled.  His fingers throbbed where they had been bitten and he sensed every hair upon the warm skin he held, every nuance of texture and heat.  His hand slid lower.  The thigh he found was hard with tensed muscles.  He dug his fingers in.
“They came together, one cold, wet night, when they’d been evicted from their room because Bert hadn’t made enough that week to pay their rent again.”
Excerpt:  A glint of white streaked across the sky, a fleck of fallen moonbeam.
I ran to him.
“Pretty sure.  Maybe he doesn’t walk as fast as we do or he had to stop at the gents.”
He smiled then, meeting my eyes without raising his head.  I've always thought it a mischievous look.  “I am a chemist after all.”
I washed my hands while I was in the kitchen filling a water bottle for my hydration needs.  I dropped my jumper over a chair and left my watch and my phone on the table.  I locked both doors to the hall.  When I headed back to the bedroom, I was holding the little table from beside my chair by its pedestal, in the manner of a weapon or a shield.  It seemed to calm me to hold it like that.
“Yes, and they had lots of questions for the doctors we had in with that specialism, but the trainees will do rotations in A&E.  What they won’t see first hand, is what you can tell them.”  Mike had his hands on the edge of the table and was leaning forward as he spoke.  I’d nearly forgotten how earnest his face can look; it’s been so long since we worked together.  Raising a pint or having lunch doesn’t usually call for it.
I turned back to him, licked my fingers and dropped my mostly-clean hand onto his thigh.
My breathing slowed.  My eyes adjusted to the half-light.  He hadn’t dressed.  I was transfixed.
“You knew I was coming?”
“They smell lovely though,” he replied and headed towards the door.  “They’ll be a big hit with the staff.”
“No, but I know where it is,” I said.
I let go of the post gradually, flexed the arm and winced.
“Guns may not work tonight,” Sherlock said.  He unhooked a quiver from the wall.  “These should.”
“A little more recently,” Sherlock urged, but his tone was not sharp.
Sherlock held up a small glass bowl with a couple slices of fruit standing up at the rim.  I almost shook my head.
“Some escaped piranha fish living here?” I quipped, feeling quite proud that I was able to.  I grasped the blade’s handle.
I held up the bloodied stone.
I wondered if he could read all that from my expression or whether he had already accessed every shred of my military history.
Puck nodded and clasped his hands so he would not touch his ear.
Upon my return from the bath, the fragrance of tea greeted me.  On my desk sat a tray, with a small pot, a little pitcher, a waiting cup and a plate of cinnamon toast lightly dusted with sugar.
.  He looked up at me.  “And the heat will do you good.”
"I don't think it is a sure thing for me at all," Sherlock said.  "Perhaps it would be for you."  He sighed and banked into a turn.
“But when I excised the leech and you bled…”
“But not only this place.  There have been other places that intrigued you,” he continued.
Out of the darkness, his mate flew, and landed on Sherlock’s shoulder.  The two circled each other, wings half-open, chittering to one another.  Then, the gold one launched himself at me, swooping round my head enough to make it spin before finally settling on my shoulder.
John trained his field glasses on the curve of the Pond directly across from their perch.  “She’s talking to a woman with a camera hung around her neck,” John observed.
He halted abruptly.  "Here," he whispered as I bumped into his back.
"John."  Sherlock drew out the syllable, lost his breath by the end of it.
Giving me a glimpse of something I want to disguise his presence?  To distract me?
“Your wings are strong.”  He rubbed his head against her chest.  “Your muscles are strong.  All those morning swims.”
Sherlock glanced down at him.  “You have a good ear.”
I could go out, but the day is drizzly and grey and we have milk.  I did a laundry and the washing up.  The flat doesn’t need cleaning.  Mrs Hudson, who is avowedly not our housekeeper, uses days when Sherlock and I are away to conduct commando cleaning raids.  We were out for most of yesterday.  The flat is spotless.
“Beauty needs no introduction,” she murmured.  “It was hard to turn my eyes away from him.  The birds would nip impatiently at my legs or tug at my bags because I would stop feeding them.”
“That’s fine,” I said, “I’d like that, but she didn’t mention it.  It was something else she told me.”
Sherlock’s hand smoothed down my back.  “Yes.”
Wiggins tapped Bert on the shoulder and stood.
With a sigh, I settled more comfortably in my armchair and gave my memory free rein.
“Lavender, dear,” she said.  “Our very own lavender.”
“It is,” he said.
And hop’st thou hence unscathed to go?
I didn’t know that until yesterday.
“Are you going to play soon, sir?”
I kept walking.
Sherlock brushed through the short hairs along the nape of John’s neck. “Tactile enhancement due to visual deprivation.”  His lips found the skin of John’s neck.  He drew it between his teeth and suckled.
The father said, "Mato."
Midnight jumped up on his shoulder and snuggled close to his head and began to purr.
The teeth of the pale horse clicked as it ripped young blades out by their roots.  By his side, a winged horse reared, pulling down another apple from a tree overhanging the spring.
The doublet fell to the ground.  From waist to brow, he reflected the moonlight, billowing sleeves rising and falling at his sides to the tide of the music.
I took the moon blade from the table and pressed the tip over the flesh beneath which the cephalic and basilica veins joined.  A large drop welled from the tiny incision, and with one hand at my elbow and the other cupped below the hand that held our bands, he lifted my arm and drank.
“No!” Ms Swann exclaimed, whirling away from Sherlock and towards John.
“Are they all you?” John asked.
“So, no one but your parents knows who I am?”
Corvus nodded and turned his horse onto the sunlit path.
John leaned down.  “Shouldn’t have turned over then,” he said before his lips reached Sherlock’s.
“Well…”  It seemed more than a little foolish when she put it that way.
I was still rubbing away at the waxy coating on the box when he darted past me a few minutes later.  “I’ll be awhile,” he called from the landing.  “She insists that I can’t bring it home with me,” he added from the foot of the stairs.  The front door slammed behind him.
She opened the door a moment later, mobile to her ear and stood back, motioning John and Sherlock in.
Thump.
A shadow flitted over the lawn between the bandstand and the Pond.
“Right, yes.  I see,” I rambled, watching the muscles beneath his glistening skin move.
“Experiments require patience, sifting through evidence requires patience, surveillance requires patience…” Sherlock replied.  And you, John, require a great deal of patience, Sherlock added silently.
I looked back to the nearest wan creature.  It was a child of six or seven sleeping in his mother’s lap, his head on her shoulder.  She was stroking his hair and singing to him.
“Yes, I can imagine.”
It was a good suggestion, but I had followed it because I wanted to please him.  Flattery is an effective seduction technique.  I looked down at the drawing, at the red and blue tendrils twining their way around the arm to penetrate the flesh at the warm pulse points.
“You need to say it though.”
“May I examine your injuries?” I asked.
“Please, have a seat,” John said and pulled his armchair a little further away from Sherlock’s.
“If you'll excuse me, I'd best give our parents a more accurate summary of our kinsman's demise,” Mycroft said and stepped past me and out through the windows.
John huffed.  “Yeah, OK.  I imagine that soaring over the park would have soothed my nerves more than stomping down to the pub.”
A week had passed since that afternoon when he had said he wanted me to stay and no call for assistance had taken either him alone or the pair of us from the Manor.  There had finally been time for him to show me much more of the Manor in between our fencing and music lessons, the long hours in the laboratory and library and one very satisfying target practice session deep below the house.  I had hit the bull’s eye on the first shot and every one thereafter, no matter how distant he had made it until the limit of the range had been reached.  He had been impressed and I had been delighted.  I smiled to think of it.
“That must be too cold for you,” Mrs Hudson said and pulled something behind the curtains.  The pane of glass rotated back into place.
“Morphine,” he said.
John glanced at Ms Swann to gauge her reaction.  He smiled to himself.  The potency of Sherlock’s charm appeared undiminished.
Not completely.
“Look at your cards again, Sherlock,” I whispered, which was not at all an answer to his question.
“It will take years more before my explanation would truly make sense to you, so suffice it to say that they waste vast amounts of energy because they don’t know how to apply it…nor where.”
I should.  A question had been asked; I ought to answer it.  I considered the vial in my hand, placed it carefully back in its stand.  The question had been about the experiment.  I glanced at the notes again.
“Nostalgia?  Is that why you’re taking the case?  I wouldn’t have thought it merited even a five.  No murder, not even a kidnapping.”
Sherlock wove his way to the valley of the other palm and stung the mound below John’s thumb.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait,” I said.  “I can just grab what I need for tonight.  Get the rest tomorrow.”  The tightness in my chest eased when I realised he was not suggesting I stay behind.
“Cock No. 2?” I asked, aiming for a little levity.  I turned to face him.
It was my turn to shake my head.  “I didn’t know,” I replied.
“I washed them.  Even my slippers,” I said.
I stopped half-way up the stairs as though I could not walk and consider my answer at the same time.
“Oh?  I thought I knew every corner of this park,” Madeleine replied.  She took the proffered hand, careful of the curved bluish nails.  She had a few scratches from those.
I returned bearing a refilled goblet in each hand with a dish of dainties balanced on top of each.  Mrs Turner had made the selections for me, piled the plates high.  I didn’t even bother to protest.
"So you had a theory before we even got there?"
Corvus nodded.  “How do you know he will be attending the service?” Corvus asked, his wide eyes fixed on Holmes.
A minute after that, Mycroft came into view and joined Sherlock.  It may have been a trick of the light because they were mostly in the shadows, but I thought I saw Sherlock smile.
“I wouldn’t want to keep you waiting,” I said.
The garters fell away.  The silk rolled smoothly from my thighs downwards.  When I closed my eyes, I could just feel fingertips brushing along my skin as it went.  I flexed my liberated toes.
I could hear it panting, its claws against the door.
The whiskey burst into flame.  Blue jets shot from the centre of the rolled newspapers.   The logs began to crackle.
“People here must have known,” I said.
I touched the torc around my neck.  It seemed to settle into place, the horns at the side of its face pricking lightly against my skin.  “It’s not fairy gold, is it?”
Her great head swung towards me, lips drawn back.  Her growl deepened.
A thread of music reached my ears.  I looked up, stared at the far wall.
“Oh, thank you!” the woman called as she drew near.  “I would never have caught up with him.”
Cocooned in his chair, overwarm with spice and beer, John's fingers plucked sleepily at his clothes.  “Swim,” he mumbled.
John opened the car door before she could lean closer.  “Need an early night is all,” he said.  “Sorry about dinner.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Come.  I will show you an even more peaceful place.”  He held out his hand, his smile bright beneath the shadow of his cap.
"About bloody time," Lestrade replied.
“It is rare for it to work so quickly,” he added.
A strong voice joined Kit and then a deeper voice, but I couldn’t tell which was Bert and which Wiggins, although the singing clearly came from them.
"Oh, right," I said and half stood to see what I might have.  "Three tuppence and four pennies," I announced.
I saw the edge of a smile.  “I am often with people, Watson.”  His melody climbed.  “If you are not among them, I am alone.”
"One of them," he replied, his eyes fixed on me.
My fingers slipped beneath his cuff.  His pulse was speeding up.  He did so love solving a case.  Even a boring one.
My feet fell in time to the music, palms striking, louder and louder.
"You didn't put them anywhere," Sherlock said and reached under the table.  "Here."  He dropped the shoes onto the table.  "Your socks are over the heating vent.  They should be dry by now."  He pointed in the pertinent direction.
“For a while.”
His hold on me tightened and the fragrance that had suffused my morning bath rose from his skin, richer for being mixed with his sweat.  It made me dizzy, although that could have been dehydration from hours of dancing.
By me, but not by Sherlock.
“How many of these cocks are there?”  I asked and grinned at him.
No.  It was dripping something in and it’s probably all through his system by now.
I stopped, appalled that I had overdone, weakened him.
They explained that Arthur had been their only child, a tall, fair-haired boy who had always wanted to go to sea and how, at the age of sixteen, he and his cat had done exactly that by joining the Merchant Navy.  After that, they only saw him every year or two, but when he could come home, he always brought them a memento of his travels.  Upon his penultimate visit, he had brought two black-and-white kittens which he’d said were surely sired by his cat, Merlin, on the first mate’s tabby.  Between visits, the occasional letter would reach them from some far-flung port-of-call.
Sherlock took the box.
I seized his arm, no drop to waste.  His blood was warmer this time and it tasted…of course, it tasted, like roses.  In the sun.
They had.  The rosiness of arousal had faded.  I touched a fingertip to them.
“It’s a celebration of rebirth, sexuality, fertility.”
I don't know.
His eyes widened, the candlelight dancing in them, then the lids drooped and he scanned me from top to bottom and back.  “And a lively one, at that.  Oh, yes.  A very lively one, I’d warrant.”  He turned to Sherlock.  “Hard to keep the lively ones satisfied, I’ve read.”  His glance flickered back to me for an instant.  “But I’ve researched a lot on how it might be managed.  I don’t suppose you’d like to share your little treasure.”  He laid his hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “Give yourself a little rest.”
I followed his gaze and saw how the blood was spattering as it dripped from where Jim…
“It would take thousands of insects to lift a cloak,” I said, not totally comfortable with the image forming in my mind.
“You learnt the required pieces with little practice.  You did it by ear.”
I heard a small burble and pulled my eyes away from his skin to the pot.
Excerpt:  I stared for a moment at him and his beautiful proportions. He looked back at me, standing still as a statue with the water sluicing over him, except that statues do not grow red and purple bruises across their perfect skin.
I looked across the table at him.  He was picking another morsel of meat out of his bowl.  “Got a prize for that, did you, Corporal?” I asked.
About me, shadows wavered as clouds hurried past the moon.  Below me, branches clattered.  The air grew chill.
“But your parents didn’t want to work here?” I asked.  She seemed inclined to talk and I was finding every bit of background information interesting.
I peered through the flames.  A small shadow detached itself from the larger one.  On its shoulder two luminescent eyes glowed.
He made a dismissive noise and dropped the envelopes back on the mantelpiece.  "You can leave those here," he added, pointing to the weapons.  "They need to go back to the armoury.  I sterilised them in the autoclave at Bart's while you were sleeping.  Your dagger and the bolts, too.  The harpoon's still embedded in the beast in the freezer."
My fingers twitched by my side.  How they wanted to glide along that pale skin, dig into those firm muscles.
She’s going to be burnt alive.
“Have you ever seen it?” John asked.
“She wanted a selfie, but her phone had no more space on it or something, so she asked me to use mine and email it to her.”
John sighed and burrowed deeper into the folds of his duvet.  He looked smaller, huddled as he was against the cold and other things.
She gazed at the doorway.  "I have the best of both worlds now," she said.  "He's often at Bart's and I help out as I can."
“…companion of earlier days, whose summons, despite their years apart, brought Corvus galloping to the desolate reaches of the Peewits,” Holmes said, carrying on from my thought in that prescient way of his.
Near the buckle hung an empty scabbard with chunks of green and gold amber studding its length.  I lifted the stiff leather, peered at the stones.  There was a tip of uncurled fern in one and an insect’s wing in another.  “For your dagger,” Wiggins explained and from the corner of my eye I saw him across the room at my night table.  I blinked and he was back before me again.  He held the hilt out to me.
John glanced towards the kitchen door and back to Mrs Hudson.  “I thought you were feeding a stray cat,” John said.
They have kept her ever since
“There you are, John!”  Mrs Hudson stood before me balancing a plate to rival Kit’s in its abundance.  “You haven’t had any of the desserts!  You wouldn’t want to miss the roast chestnuts.  They were particularly fine this autumn.  Or the marron glacés I made.”  She smiled at Kit.  “I see you’ve already eaten yours, sweet boy.”
Puck looked up, his eyes shining.
“How did you know there would be something down here you would want to hide?” I asked.
“Your pain threshold is high,” Sherlock said.
“No.  He was in Usher.  There was a mid-wife in attendance.  More information from the diary.”
I opened my eyes.  Molly was watching me.  “Visions?” I asked.
“It is a sharing tree, you see.”
I only sustained a kick in the shin before he was settled on my bench, legs hooked beneath it.  I released my grip on his coat and swung my leg over his back.  No longer athwart the seat, I lowered myself into a crouch and eased myself onto the rowing bench.  I let out a great sigh when I was firmly seated in the middle of it.
I kept my eyes on him.  The shade of red was getting brighter, but through its haze I could see him, every detail of the tension around his eyes and the way he was drawing in his lips.  He has knowledge and abilities that I am certain I haven’t seen even the half of, but there is something else, too, and I was seeing a hint of it.  Who knows how old he is, but he seems very young sometimes and he appeared that way now and a little afraid.
He turned away as he spoke.
I scowled, listening for more.  The silence was unbroken.
My question was interrupted by a clang and a scrape.
Easier said than done.  I dropped the towel over the desk chair and drifted towards the balcony.
I had begun to kneel when Sherlock gripped my arm, keeping me upright.
Holmes and I exchanged a glance.
“Excellent,” he said and sat himself with his violin case on the seat beneath the window of one of the dancing ladies.  He kicked off his shoes, put his feet up and began rosining his bow.
“It’s all healed now.”
“Come inside,” the man suggested.  “Take a closer look.”
“Dreaming might be the closest word for it,” he said and touched his lips to the insides of my fingers.  “I’m sorry I left you…”
“Excellent!” Holmes exclaimed and plucked one of the grapes from the bowl.  “Eat, dear boy.  You look pale and it will be a while before your breakfast arrives.”
That was very close.  If I had leaned forward only slightly I could have kissed his abdomen just above the drawstring of his pyjama bottoms or I could have tugged on the end of the bow and seen whether they fell off of his narrow hips.  I suspected the swell of his buttocks would hold the garment up even with the tie undone.
I looked to Sherlock.  His eyes were working on boring a hole in the side of Mycroft’s head and his curls remained restless.  As pissed off as he appeared to be, and he didn’t seem to be making any effort to hide it, he looked so fiercely beautiful that anyone might want him.
His breath hissed over his teeth and I rocked ever so slightly faster.
She nodded again and picked up another tart.  “Yes.  My parents really appreciated it.  I’d usually find my mother in here.  She was the Manor harpist all my life, until she moved to Australia…now, neither of them is here.”
There was the night Bill Murray had stopped to take a piss on the railing and the rest of us had fallen back a step or two, which was just as well. The urine had sizzled where it struck the metal and what had not risen in a pungent cloud above our heads, had spattered back all over Murray and put a stop to the proceedings.  I had led Bill away while he was still struggling with his flies.  He had gone very pale and I had not wanted to see what would happen if he vomited on the fence as well.
I harrumphed at how briefly he had abstained from interrupting.  “There were none in the room, but some may have been recently removed, or there could have been some late blooming shrub in the garden, near the windows.  Nothing I recognised in any case.  I’d considered the smell of certain types of wood when they are burnt, but the fire was coal.  The fragrance was gentle and very soothing.”  I shook my head.  “I’d forgotten that.”
I stooped towards them.
“And since you no longer require your cane, we can begin fencing lessons tomorrow.”
I took the torch from Wiggins.
“After that the dancer was never alone...nor was I.”  I exhaled.
He was watching my face, eyes alight, expectant.
“Wait, Mrs Hudson, let me help you with that,” I called as I hurried down the stairs from my bedroom and met her before she reached the landing outside the library.
John slid along the bench until he had could see between two moored houseboats and eased the video camera from its case.  He found a comfortable position in which he could hold the camera steady and focussed.  They might be there all night.
John shook his head again, scanned the road for one of the film crews that often re-route traffic on London streets.  He saw nothing that fit the description.  “They’d need lights to photograph someone up there,” John murmured.  He checked the rooftop again.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked.
I couldn’t begin to imitate what he had just sang, so I repeated the simpler song I had mimicked before.
“Any dances free up?” he asked with that song in his voice that was infuriating and alluring at the same time.
John’s mouth recaptured the nipple, his thumbs rubbing along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
Matters of bells and chimes put to the side for the moment, I resumed my study of the manuscript I had been reading.  Sherlock would explain more in time, or I would discover more on my own.  One of the things living at the Manor had shown me was that these things flowered in their own time.
“With pleasure,” Sherlock replied, “something on the dark side of the moon must need your attention urgently.”
I had noticed a woman with a glistening face standing quietly among the applauding throng on the terrace.  I had thought it possible that she was shedding a tear for the recently deceased.
there?” I asked.
“You feel it.  You explore all over the house, but this is where you spend most of your time,” she said.
“I dreamt it like this,” Sherlock whispered.  His hips tilted forward, up into John’s grasp and back and away.
I'm in agony here, cut me some slack.
“When?” I said, sitting up.  “Before the house collapsed?  Was it a child crying in the house that Corvus heard?”
“Turn your head,” the king said and when Puck obeyed, slipped the long wire of white gold through the hole he found there.  “There,” he said, taking a small mirror from his pocket.  “You may admire it.”
Three steps down the staircase, Sherlock halted.  “We’ll give them a moment.”
The bird sidled closer, the white of its barred breast feathers reflecting the moonlight.  It spread and refolded its wings repeatedly as though ambivalent about remaining or taking its leave.  A silver band twinkled above the talons of one yellow leg.  When it took flight, a feather fell onto the stone.
“I was as fearful as I have ever been,” I declared.  “As much as when I ran back up that rocky path leading to the Fall.”
I did not understand the words uttered next, but the tone clearly conveyed fuck-off.
“You saw things,” she stated, handing me a cup.
And, I sang:
The lady with the embroidered cloak and her gentleman were standing.  He was untying the pale grey horse from the tree, the animal pawing the ground and tossing its head.  The woman was stroking the beast’s neck, leaning her face against its great head and it began to settle.
John’s brow furrowed.  “You didn’t even see her text.”
“Of course, you were,” John replied.  “Also, I think it’s against park rules to affix things to the trees.”
It was gone one in the morning and I had spent more than twelve hours in the library when Baskerville had nudged my hand with his lead in his mouth.  Sherlock had not lifted his eyes from his microscope when I asked him if I should take the dog’s hint, but merely waved a hand at me, said Baskerville would show me where he preferred to exercise and that the key to the house worked for the gates to the park.  All of them.
Our pace was steady.
“I’m fairly sure it was only a body that I was trying to bring back, but I don’t know,” he said, his hands gliding down my back, over my buttocks and back up again, growing less cold with each pass.
He waited, as still and pale as the statues I had passed, except, as I drew near, I could see the pink bloom of his mouth.
He lifted the computer bag from my shoulder.  It was a welcome relief.  I didn’t notice where he set it, but he was in motion again.  Metal slid along metal; heavy curtains parted.  Pale light illuminated the lacy patterns over the glass doors that were revealed.
I reached out for what I gauged was his chest and felt more droplets beaded on the feathers.  I stroked along the contours of his chest until I found where one side of his garment folded over the other.  I slid my hand in, drew the feathers apart and pressed my lips to the cool, firm skin.
The swan barely left his island.  At dawn and dusk, he would walk to the shore and stretch his long neck down into the water to drink, then return to what was left of the nest in which he had been hatched.  He ate what was within reach of the nest and a bit on the way to take his morning and evening drink.  He hardly preened, his neck grew thin, his feathers ragged.  He slept with both eyes closed, and dreamt of the whir of midnight wings.
I held out both hands, every finger be-ringed, even the thumbs.  I moved them as though I was plucking my harp.  The rings glittered and my fingers felt stronger with them on.  I’d certainly do more damage with a right hook with them there.
I may have crossed into the land of poets and madmen; I should use their language.
A shadow blocked the exit.  “John!”
“Hey!” John said.  “It’s not any stranger than some of the other stuff we’ve seen.”
“He had a kerchief of hers that he kept in his breast pocket.  It was perfumed with an expensive French pefume.  Apparently, beating people senseless pays well.  I could smell the fragrance when he leaned in close to me,” Sherlock said.
I am never content with the words.  They’re just noise about nothing.  I think Shakespeare said something along the same lines.  And I'm not convinced that exposing my feelings to strangers is going to banish my nightmares or make my sterile bedsit cosy and comforting.  I have debates with myself about this and in my quasi-literary musings, I have found that I have a fondness for alliteration.  It does help me not think of other things.
“You’re a member of the Serpentine Swimming Club,” Sherlock said.
“I’d stopped myself thinking of it after you…left,” John said.
“If you wanted to,” he replied.
Sherlock turned to John with a quizzical expression.  “You’re identifying with the goose?”
Sherlock licked his fingertips and rubbed them over the dried blood on my chest.
I may have crossed into the land of poets and madmen; I should use their language.
He turned the open book around and I saw the variety of old stains upon the pages.
“You could find it on your own though,” Mrs Turner added.  “One just follows the bells.  You’d nae get lost.”
“Is there time?” I whispered at his ear before I kissed down his lovely, long body and back up again.
Brow furrowed, Ms Swann glanced at John before she answered, “Yes.”
prevented several idiocies from being committed by listening to their prattle,” Sherlock said, “but Puck is fonder of mischief than statecraft.  He meddles for different reasons.”  Sherlock took the acorn cup and flew beneath a cluster of glow worms nestled in a crevice of the tree trunk.
His lips were full.  I was mesmerised by their changing shape as he spoke, enunciating each word as though he were French kissing it.
John picked it up.  “It’s a text from Ms Swann.”
I closed my hand around his shoulder, pulled his legs closer with mine, shut my eyes and listened to the echo of the word we.
I passed him the double sheet of newsprint I had liberated and began on the next layer.
Sherlock groaned again.
I blinked.  The lights on the wet surfaces lent the appearance of movement to the statues, the muscles of their backs and legs seeming to flex.  I shivered.  There was an empty space on the tree trunk facing my balcony.  I wondered whether it had been one of those works of art interrupted by turbulent times.
I turned the bedside lamp on and gave the room a quick inspection.  The wardrobe was full of my clothing, my books and a couple photographs were on the bookshelf next to the desk, which had my computer on it, the computer bag slung over the corner of the desk chair.  I checked the desk drawers.  The papers and pens I had shoved into the computer bag were all arrayed neatly in the various drawers.
From a platter on his side of the table, Sherlock cut a generous portion of smoked salmon, spooned some capers over it and handed it on a small plate to me.  “Help yourself,” he urged, pointing to the assortment of side dishes on the table with the point of the knife.
The hum of conversation in the room resolved into scores of distinctly audible exchanges. My eyes opened wide.
I laughed at that.  “From that photographer you suspected of murder.  You sat for a whole series in order to have plenty of time to converse with him and observe his reactions.  You told him you were an actor and had me bring along changes of costume, stage make-up, and props - a skull and a riding crop.   Surely you remember?”
“They’ll wait until they hear our footsteps on the stairs.”
John measured a half of it as best he could.
I poured another cup of tea and re-read the invitation.  It didn’t specify fancy dress.
The library wall looked closed when I returned, but I was confident now that I could find the correct book even in the dark if needs be.
In the morning, the fire was still burning.
John leaned over the patio railing and peered around the corner of Ms Swann’s building.  It squatted at the edge of the water, a long building whose ground floor must have been a loading dock for the warehouse in the past. Some of its considerable length had been converted to apartments, but most left as open-air storage.  He had peeked in from the street side and been able to see the trees of the gardens across the canal through the metal slats.
“Sherlock!”  I gripped his thigh.  “The woods!”
He had assumed the detached expression of a scientific observer, but his eyes widened when he looked at them.
I heard a door open.
I set the clay pot on the table.  I didn’t want to let go of it, but it didn’t make sense to carry it down to the kitchen and back.  I moved it to sit on top of the manuscript with the instructions in it, then stood and reached down for the basket.
“If it won’t be any trouble,” I said.
“This location makes the most sense.  The security is excellent and when she wasn’t here, she usually wasn’t far,” Sherlock said.
“The military connection.”
John did not contradict her.
There were violinists pouring out the doors now.  Some wearing powdered wigs.
“We shall not have to worry about locating the chambers of Mr Braithewaite, since he will be joining us at the abbey to pay his respects.  The Dr Adamantine who is allotted the modest bequest in Roderick’s will is the family physician you saw at Usher?” Holmes said when I finished reading.
“He is deep in mourning for his friend, and needs our help to fulfil his last promises to him,” Holmes reminded me.  “I know you can sympathise with that.”
I was definitely standing, but my feet barely registered the stone floor.  I broke into a huge grin.
I smiled at Kit.  “You did well, Corporal.”
We were nearly home when I realised it would have been a good time to whistle the obscuring tune.  I tried it while I was unlocking the door.  It may have been worth the effort as another night bus rumbled by.
I’d never seen that door either.
The hair on the back of my neck rose.
“Yes,” he agreed, his eyes brightening.  “It’s a transcription of an early medieval manuscript.  The British Library holds the original, which I have perused there, but this…”  He held the book a little higher.  “…made the manuscript’s contents available to the Victorian public."
I decided to start on the drawing he had suggested.  I pushed the laptop aside, got out the picture of the heart and hand and placed a sheet from the second largest pad of paper next to it.  There was a marked difference in colour, thickness and texture between the printer paper and the bristol, but I was not to be deterred by such things.  At some point, I could fill in a background colour to disguise it.  I did not consider re-drawing the original.  It had become a sort of talisman to me.
Corvus stole a quick glance at me.
I held up the stone.  “The place isn’t going to come tumbling down on us, is it?”
“Not your routine ball, then?” I asked as though ball attendance was an everyday matter for me.
He licked me.  “Your finger’s not cut,” he said and bent his head back to get a look at me.  “How did you cut your lip?”
Siròc was fluttering from stag to stag.  Their stamping had subsided, various huffs and snorts taking their place.  Duneyrr turned towards the open windows and lowered his head.
My smile disappeared.  I imagined walking forward a few paces and turning back to find Mrs Hudson gone, the door closed and locked, and no answer when I knocked.
“Watch,” he said, tilting his head towards the couple with the horse.
“I've been waiting so long to have you here,” he whispered, before I felt his teeth at my neck.
“I’m surprised you didn’t just hide in the gents and come out after closing to carry on your research,” I joked, lifting the heavy bundle out of the box.
…was suspended several centimetres above the floor.
John let his head fall back onto the cushions and stared at the ceiling.  From Sherlock, he heard the occasional click.  His eyes closed.
“Mycroft gave his dog a pirate name!”
“They were on the log,” he said with a wave of his fingers, “where we stepped through.  I thought you might like to play with the others.”  He turned away and began to walk.
He stopped before the gallery, his hand slipping down his chest, the buttons of his shirt falling open as it passed.
The swan snorted.
We were inside the heavens a moment later shining our phones into shadowy corners.  “Wouldn’t a roach have preferred something underground?” I asked.
This was not a good frame of mind.  Some time alone to gather my wits was probably a good idea.
“He left it outside in the hall,” Sherlock said.  “I brought it in after he departed.”
The floor beneath me was very hard and very white.  I looked over at Greg.  He was looking up.  I did the same, squinting into the brightness.
Sherlock held the volume up.
“It fell to the floor.”
The swan opened both eyes and lifted his head.  It was not like the song of any bird he knew nor like the songs of his cousins.  It was very sweet, like fresh leaves and fish eggs.
“They are recordings of Mummy with the object of her latest infatuation, who happens to be a recent favourite of Father’s as well,” Mycroft said.  “I relieved Father of the key without his knowledge and left a facsimile in its place.  The substitution won’t be detected until Puck delivers the box.”
John scowled, but Sherlock didn’t see.
And then he paused, pulled me forward the last couple steps to stand in front of him, letting go of one arm and seizing the other, holding me there, at the centre.
“Ah, she’s stopped chatting with Reginald.  I’ll just pop over and try my luck.  I ask every year, you know,” Mrs Hudson said and was off.
Holmes continued reading the piece.  “While I was away,” he added.
Eyes still upon me, he reached behind him and pulled a slender volume down onto its spine.  A bookcase swung open and he took a step backwards into the dark.
Sherlock pressed his fingertips together, tried not to blink.
One of his eyebrows went up.  He was trying for insouciance, but a shadow passed over his face.
I could see Midnight’s silhouette on Kit’s shoulder.
“So, it is a river,” I said, feeling oddly disappointed.  “I thought it was a long pond.”
I leaned forward and placed a hand on his knee.  The tingle went up my arm, fading out below my ear.  I didn’t let it sidetrack me.
“Where is the blood?” I asked.  All I had seen were the small test tube samples he had been using for his experiments.
Instead, when Mr Holmes sat, the dog followed calmly and rested his huge head on the arm of the chair.  After a sip of the tea Mrs Hudson handed him, Mr Holmes set it aside and resumed stroking the dog’s head.  Baskerville closed his eyes and thumped his tail against the carpet.
John turned over.  Sherlock’s hand landed on John’s thigh.
I exhaled, long and slow.
Sherlock kept his eyes on my face.
Someone else was moving.  The little boy and his mother had reached the edge of the unoccupied space around the fire too hot for anyone to sit there.  She let the boy down still holding one of his hands, bent down and kissed him on the forehead.  He rose on tiptoe and kissed her cheek and then he turned towards the fire and laughed.
John nodded back at her.
Sherlock’s brows drew together.  “I’m assuming you want to go, John.”  He had that look he’d had when I first told him I doubted the claims he’d made on his website.
John was sure she was beginning to appreciate what a bold step it was to lay her problems before Sherlock Holmes.  John stared down at his notebook, waiting for her to steady her nerves, and wondered what Sherlock had made of his notes of the case so far, because, of course, he would have read them before tucking them into his coat pocket to bring them along.
She blew him a kiss.
I tightened my arm around his waist, pressed my shoulder against his thigh and looked up.  Wild colour was strewn everywhere.  I held out my other hand.  “Come down,” I said, voice hoarse and urgent.
Sherlock can disappear whenever he pleases.
Where most she satisfies…
“He wouldn’t be able to take off again from in here, and I’m not sure the posts are far enough apart for his wings in any event,” Sherlock mused, “and swans don’t engage in combat that often.  Their displays of power are usually sufficiently intimidating to scare other creatures off.”
“A bit,” she admitted, drying the plate.
The sound reverberated in my head and I grimaced.
I couldn’t repress a chuckle.  “It was simpler than that.  They wanted to ask their mother where certain keys were.”
Maybe.  The miraculous isn’t rare around here.
I must have blinked.  Sherlock was alone, raising his violin to his shoulder.
He made a surprised sound as his blood began to flow.
It had felt so peaceful, but, yeah.  Eyes open.  Got to see ‘em coming.
“Everything.”  He extended his cupped hands further, elbows balanced on his knees.  “Put them on.”
“Basic courtesy would require it as he is in London, which Mr Braithewaite has told you,” Holmes said, “now, Dr Adamantine travelling all the way from Usher to attend goes beyond that.  You have an idea why he came such a distance and if you wish us to help you, you must share with us everything you know and anything you suspect.  There is no need to stand on propriety with us, indeed you must not let it interfere with your giving us any scrap of information you have.  What detail might unlock the mystery that has brought you here may not be obvious at this stage, so include everything.  This room has heard more than its fair share of secrets.”
My gaze followed.  I leaned forward.  There, too, the tiniest dot of light.  I glanced back to the east.  The pinprick was moving.  Northwest.
“Yes, Detective Chief Inspector,” Sherlock said.
It landed in his lap.
“Wait for me a little more,” she amended and dashed to the changing room.
The music had stopped, but even through the wood, the hum of conversation was loud, punctuated by the occasional trill of laughter.  Harp and flute took up a new song.
“Were you correct?” Holmes asked around the stem of his pipe.
“It was so dark in here, I thought you’d both gone off somewhere,” she said, crossing to the table and setting down the tray.  “See anything dancing in the fire?”
“Anyone using the quarantine area, Molly?” I asked.  She shook her head.  “You might want to reserve it, and brush up on your entomology.  He’s found smaller things.”
"How could you know?"
I had to turn sideways to slip out of the narrow doorway ajar at the top.  I was thinking that no large instrument could be brought up those stairs, when I saw a harp glittering from the shadows of the opposite corner of the gallery.
I looked down at the phone and scrolled back to the beginning.
“Rubbish camera,” John muttered.
Puck walked around the table, eyes fixed on the king’s hand.
I turned at the lilies, no longer circling, but describing an arc, whose apex was closer and closer to the edge of the terrace and the stairs leading down to the water.
I glanced at the stout, oak door.
Quiet.
Sherlock held it out.  “Take it.”
“But he was still unwilling to explain it to Corvus.  Why?  Mrs Usher was dead.  There was no one to chastise Roderick or Madeline or disinherit anyone.  I’m guessing that was why Madeline kept the marriage and the baby a secret.  But by keeping Corvus uninformed, Roderick was risking the child not being taken care of at all.  I can’t see any reason why he would do that,” I said, regretting that I was not more clear-headed.  “Have you figured out where the child is yet?”
Lady Holmes placed her hand on my shoulder.  “We are all pleased you have found your way back to us.”
“You did know her?  Is that really how she knew to come here for help?”
He gave me that flicker of a smile he allows when our focus must be on other things.
“He couldn’t touch our design."  Sherlock began to pace as he talked.  "Culvert altered what we did.  Blood wasn't needed to weave our spell.  Two patterns, danced correctly together…” His eyes flickered over me.  “…with passion to seal them, was all that was required.”
Above us the sky was a deep grey.  There was no moon, no stars.
“Is that Archie?”
“Something belonging to the person can be used.  An article of clothing or jewellery, spectacles, a favourite book.”
“Unimaginative friends.”
“Does your book of poisons have any elixirs that make people more suggestible, or maybe more truthful?  Maybe someone brewed up a cask of it and that's what leaked all over that carton.”
“‘Thy songs were made for the pure and free,
I paused and wished I’d had more tea of whatever temperature.
With an effort, he got to his feet and walked to the shore of his island.  The music grew louder.  He drank and drank; he hadn’t drunk for days, and the water was very sweet, like music.  He slipped into the water and swam towards the sound.
“I should have come to you.”
Wedged within the narrow compartment beneath the strip was a wad of yellowed cotton wool criss-crossed with scarlet thread and tied with an abundance of knots.
I dropped one in his outstretched palm, crouched down to see the carving in front of him.  “Madeline was…How is it possible for her to be a day younger than Roderick?” I asked, peering up at Sherlock.
"You sure you don't want these up...near the lab?"
“I thought I was doing you one to call your attention to this possibility,” Mycroft said.  “You seem to have formed an attachment to the doctor.”
John spoke of jumpers.
“Interesting,” he said.
Somewhere amidst the noise, I heard the jester’s laugh.
“Some parts are,” Sherlock said, flicking his fingers at the bundle of bark and twigs in the iron holder by the door.  “I think you already knew that, John.”  He lifted the flaming torch from the brackets.
He felt that, too.  Of course, he did.
John put the entry phone back in its cradle and opened the door partway.
“She didn’t say anything for so long that my wild thoughts circled back to her and the whole farce that was being enacted, and then she spoke. ‘Agnes has no answer for you.  She says, ‘He's not here.’
I shook myself out of my reverie and didn’t try to hide the rest of the cards.  If he could see what I saw, he would have already deduced what my reaction to them must be.
John learns more about the other two suitors and a bit more about himself.
“Have a look at the carriage, Watson.”
“An interesting deduction,” he replied, tapping his lower lip, “but no.  I find singlestick, baritsu, fencing and dance all have their uses.  The last not as frequently as I would like.  The old ballroom was easy enough to adapt once my parents started spending most of their time abroad and it was no longer required for its original purpose.”
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at me, one eyebrow raised.
I would have thought someone would have mentioned that by now.
“Pestilential, perhaps.  Mystical, no,” Sherlock said, moving to the final corner and holding out his hand.  “Don’t let the mood of his prose infect you.”
I set the cup on the floor and picked up the package.  It had a nice heft.  I unrolled the cloth.  Inside, there was a knife with a wooden handle and a stone blade, a pearly stone blade, chipped along both sides to create cutting edges.  I tested it against the pad of my thumb; blood welled up from the cut.  “Definitely passed the sharpness test,” I said and held my thumb up to Sherlock.
“Or do you already know my name?” John asked, deciding to see where his mind took him.  His recent dreams had been so much nicer than the ones that had plagued him for months.
I turned my head into his soothing touch.  “London seems confused as to which part of the globe it occupies.”  Small wonder I had dreamt of the desert.
Despite the spring breezes, the flat felt very warm to me.
“Keep breathing, John,” Sherlock murmured.  He walked down the bricks and onto the frame of the window, releasing minute quantities of chemical into the air as he went.  “Sleep now.”  He peeked around the corner of the casement.
Looked to the left – desk.  Turned my head – wardrobe.  Further – door to the loo.  Further – doors to the balcony.  The sky was blue.
From the corner of my eye, I saw the cloth over Sherlock’s shoulder shift.
John laid his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.  “I ridicule your grocery shopping and your knowledge of the solar system.  I’d be an idiot to ridicule your investigative technique.”
There was the scorching afternoon I had hunched over the wounded soldier I was tending and the bullet had hit my shoulder rather than my head.
Mr Holmes dangled a tuning key on a length of black ribbon before me.
It was weighty at my side.  I felt a smile lifting my lips.  There was another weight I often felt at my side.
Mycroft tilted his head and raised an eyebrow, managing, due to his position, to direct the expression at both Sherlock and me.
“None of the others have a creature like these?” Sherlock asked, stroking the serpent’s back.  “They are so loyal.  I don’t suppose you’d understand that.  They’d attack anything that tried to harm us.”
Yes!  Or I’m going to kill him here, before the coffee is served.
“Aaah,” he said, and took the metal back out of the fire.  He walked away and ducked out of sight.
I leaned closer.  “Almost there now,” I whispered, and beneath my fingers, I felt his pulse jump.
“Maybe this time, John, you should let me finish what I’m trying to say,” she said.
Maybe I did know.
Bill had thanked me for that next time we got together and we had laughed, certain that we all must have been far drunker than we had realised.  Yet we took to crossing the road up by the pub and walking to the Tube down the other side, just as my old schoolmates and I had done years before.   None of us had ever talked about that part.
Apparently not.
He turned towards the study, his coat flaring about him.  “Let us sit while you deduce, Doctor Watson.  I have the advantage as I already know the basics about you and it’s probably too soon to go deeper.”  He glanced back at me when he reached the hearth and gestured towards the seat facing the one by which he was standing.  He shrugged off his coat and scarf and draped them over the closest desk chair.
“Where are you?” I whispered.
I grabbed his jacket and draped it over his shoulders.  “They’re not labelled by blood type and they’re contaminated,” I said.
How do you know they’re her children?
Mrs Hudson scowled at the first photograph of the bark of one of the branches.  There were several reddish bumps along its length.  “They haven’t got an infestation of some sort, have they?  Anji didn’t want to varnish them and they’ve been fine all this time.”
She turned down the volume.  “Help yourself to the sandwiches while the tea steeps.”
“Look!”
The colours of the setting sun glowed from between the branches supporting it.  A few faint stars winked at the edges.
Yeah.
John’s eyes flew open.  His grip tightened on his mug.  He sat up, eyes shifting from side to side checking that he was indeed still in the sitting room, although the sun had risen.
He was gone in the morning.
He looked up then and smiled back at me.
A few steps ahead of me, Kit held his torch higher.  “It’s a fallen tree, sir.”
“…your lover,” I said at nearly the same time.
We all stared.
I checked my cravat in the mirror over the mantel, touched a fingertip to the perfectly knotted silk.  I smiled at myself, the feeling of Holmes leaning round me to tie it was still fresh.   My inclination to protest that I had been tying my own cravats for many years had died on my lips as his knuckles had brushed against the underside of my jaw while he worked, pale fingers vivid against the dark cloth.  He did tie a better knot than I.  I stood up straighter, drew my shoulders back.  My colour was a bit high, but nothing that a man might not acquire from too much wine with his luncheon.  I glanced about the room once more.  All evidence of our indulgence had been tidied away. We were ready for Mr Edgar Iorwerth Corvus.
“That’s quite a step back in time from the headline about Thatcher's election I found.”  I unfolded another layer from around my bundle.
The torc slithered over my collarbone.  My hand flew up to it.  There was a small hiss.  “Ah.  So what does this do?”
We both picked up our spoons.  I worked on not closing my eyes as I took each spoonful into my mouth and I succeeded.  I made myself smile and nod just a bit as I ate, but I did not speak.
She paused at the bottom of the stairs, her expression solemn.  “I apologise for not making an appointment.  I have been thinking about consulting you and Mr Holmes for over a week, but when I saw the man again today as I left the zoo, I felt I mustn’t delay any longer and came straight here, in hopes that you might be in.”
“Did she have cubs then?  Could she feed him?” I asked.
The closer hearth was wide and high, the kind you could walk into.  It bristled with iron hooks from which pots might hang.  A mound of charcoal was all that was in it now.  I could feel the draft from its chimney.  It had trailed a ghost of ash along the glossy floor, which looked to be paved with flint.  The candle light glimmered in its dark circles.
“That they kept carefully for seventy years, then used as wrapping paper?”
The music faded away and we stood still.  About us, no one chattered.  The air quivered in the silence.
I didn’t need to be asked twice.
“Would you now?” Sherlock replied, tipping his head back and exposing his neck.
I felt light-headed with it.  I held Sherlock tighter.
“So why didn’t Madeline add the inscription below her husband’s name once her mother died?” I asked.
I located the latch and found him leafing through a large volume open on the music rack of the piano.
A little present from the jester as we passed through the crowd.  For once, he must have been silent and I had not seen him.
“Really?”
“Jim never gets close enough to the execution of his solutions for there to be any evidence implicating him.”
Sherlock inclined his head towards the woods.  “Leaves turn towards the sun, roots grow towards water.  Sometimes, plants find what they want on a rainier day, in a different month.”
I lifted the edge of the cloak.  A border had been begun in gold threads, a pattern of leaves and flowers, ivy and oak, wood sorrel and holly, foxglove and rose.
I halted, clasped both my hands about the willow and hefted it to my shoulder like a club, eyes flicking to left and right.
“Yes.”  The pressure of his fingertips lessened against my neck.
Sherlock nudged the mug aside.  “You compose?”
I frowned.  I was picturing myself there.
“I did,” I said.
“Untangle it for me, Sherlock,” I pleaded, yanking harder.  If it had been a shoe, my foot would have been free, but the boots were laced tight.  “Please.”
His eyes stopped at his laptop and narrowed.
Behind me, Sherlock’s voice was a deep rumble.  I leaned back, my head resting against his abdomen and felt as well as heard him.
His nails dragged lightly over my thighs.
I held it loosely; I didn’t want it to cut me.  I grasped the hilt with my other hand, carefully released the blade, adjusted my grip, trying to find the fit.
brother, Mycroft.”
“Don’t go back to sleep yet, John,” Sherlock said, somewhere behind me.  “You need to drink something first.”
Holmes folded his paper and popped up to get his case from the rack above his seat.  “This will be us.”
I needed to keep pettiness at bay.  Greg had mentioned once that he’d called Sherlock a bastard when he appeared out of the shadows in a parking garage then hugged him and told him about Anderson’s crazy theories.  Much better reception than mine.  I’ve got to mind the pettiness.
I turned towards the door and blinked.
His hand stopped stroking my arm.  I think he stopped breathing.  He does that when he’s really listening.
The golden dragon bit again, gradually moving up the tarnished spine of its mate.  The slug-like thing emerged fully and my serpent clamped its jaws together behind a gaping, tooth-rimmed mouth; its tail tightening below the smaller mouth at the other end of the creature, which I recognised finally as a leech.  It squirmed and gasped.  Its breath smelt of rotting meat and made me snort.  Then, with a faint tinkle and a puff of fetid smoke, it disappeared.  My dragon hissed and spat on the floor, where something viscous sizzled a while and was gone.
Holmes set the newspaper aside, folded his hands, resting them in the cradle formed by his crossed-legs, and set his gaze upon me.  “Present your evidence then, John.”
Holmes popped out of his chair and rifled through his stack of newspapers.  “The auction!” he exclaimed.  “There was reference to it last week in an article about a recent sale at Sotheby’s that was re-selling a certain necklace.  In the author’s opinion, except for that one item, what was on offer last week didn’t hold a candle to the auction three years ago when that necklace was first sold along with a whole collection of jewels that had never before been offered for sale to the public.  Representatives of museums were outbidding one another.  Agents of private collectors were doing their best to keep up.  The author is extravagant in his descriptions.  He doesn’t believe he’ll see anything like it again in his lifetime.”  Holmes held up a newspaper.  “Here it is.”  He thrust it at me.
I spread my hands on the cool green marble and leaned forward.  My breath fogged the mirror.
He stared at me over the faded gilt edges of the pages, one corner of his mouth tilting upwards.  “Valuable things,” he said, "thrown away by idiots."
“Father used to say that it would cure what ailed you, unless you overdid it, and it killed you.”
"Autoclave," Sherlock said, pointing.  "You back up your data, don't you?"
“Kill it,” Sherlock muttered.
Baskerville met up with a lioness friend.  Not from the zoo, I’m guessing.
I had an image of manic elves on the model of those of the shoemaker and put my hand to my brow.
“Also, he wouldn’t have any leverage with them anymore.  From what Corvus says, Roderick did not especially like Adamantine, he was simply the family doctor of whom his mother had thought highly and his sister’s doctor by default more or less,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock turned to me, face creasing with glee.  “Client,” he said and whirled away.  His sheet had completely unwound by the time he reached his doorway.  He stooped to pick it up and closed the door.
“Last week,” Puck said.  “His light is an even brighter gold now.”
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said as the second picture came into view.  Two of the red bumps had opened into pale pink blossoms, while the other buds had hints of colour showing between their sepals.  She looked up at John.  “But it’s October,” she said.
John felt her phone vibrate in her pocket.
Mycroft set the acorn aside, uncapped the vial above the dish and tipped it until one viscous drop fell onto the shaft of the key.  Like a dew drop, the liquid clung to the metal a moment then spread over its surface.  The gold took on a silvern hue.  Mycroft’s wrist rotated, another drop fell.  The key shone like copper.  A third drop brought a brassy tinge to the metal.  A fourth turned it leaden.  A final drop wrought no further change.  “There,” Mycroft said, closing the vial.  He lifted up the tray.
“Yeah?”
That sounded so good.
A shadow glided through the moonlight.  I glanced up into a whirl of feathers.
OK, all right.
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John.  “Sherlock is one,” he said.  His wings vanished, a blue tail curled around John’s foot.  “That’s more than enough to be going on with.”  Long claws sunk into the mattress beside John and Sherlock slept.
“There’s more there than clever fortunes for cookies,” John said.
What did that mean?
“Ammunition is expensive,” I said.
“I don’t have the patience to sit for him, Watson.  It’s fortunate the elder Paget has been willing to do so.  And his renderings do align with your descriptions of me.”  Holmes selected one of the notebooks arrayed to his right, opened it with a flick of his wrist and reached for the brush from his glue pot.
"Have we..." I began.
Sherlock stepped over the perimeter and lowered his hand.  “The bottom edge of the boundary you created is at floor level, the upper boundary is about chest height now.  I believe it was considerably higher when the sparks were spouting.”
I looked down, thinking he was just below the gallery.  He was still at the other end of the room.  The acoustics were impressive.
“Well, man, don’t leave me hanging here.  You’ve aroused my curiosity.”
I scowled and stared at Sherlock.  Stray phrases about heights and run-up distances reached me, but mainly I listened to the music of his voice rising and falling.  He stood so tall, his arms sweeping through the air with his words.  I had pushed through something to get to him; nothing I’d spared a thought about then, but it had felt like hitting a cross-wind on a bridge.
"This is older," he said, "before there were too many people along its banks."
If he on earth no more I did see,
“Right-o,” the cabbie replied.
A younger Irregular was mounted on a box next to a wheelbarrow brimming with ivy.  He drew out a long vine and looped it over the wrought-iron sconce on the wall.  Its ends dangled almost to the floor. He glanced at me when he stepped down.  “Good day, sir,” he said and I recognised Kit.  He lifted the box and placed it the other side of the barrow under the next sconce.
“How could you have known?” he asked and bent closer.
She bustled down the hall.  “It can get lonely without Sherlock around,” she said, opening the glass door and hurrying through.  “He takes some of the air away with him when he goes.”
The serpent was writhing about my neck, but the moon blade hadn’t gone cold.  I wondered why.
As I passed his box a black cat separated itself from the shadows and trotted after Kit on its three legs.
In a way.
Fucker wasn’t?
Mycroft rolled his eyes at Sherlock.
“There’s another surprise downstairs,” Greg said.
She glanced at me.  “All right, tomorrow we can go together, but it should be before the sun goes down.  They’re shy plants and you really have to look to find them amidst the undergrowth.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
I looked from hand to paper.  I couldn’t have drawn it any better if it had been in front of me.  I wasn’t surprised by this, but was rather proud.  Sherlock isn’t the only one who enjoys being right about his predictions and successful at what he sets out to do.
I stooped to pick one, set it on my tongue.
He looked up at me and smiled.  “I got Midnight, sir.  She was my prize.”
“And?” he prompted.
I must have been scarlet up to the roots of my hair.  In all the time since, I’d never spoken of the unremitting desire I’d endured during those first weeks.  I didn’t want him to think my passion was only lustful.
I looked at him, panting.
“Your nightshirt is in the satchel, along with your razor and toothbrush and fresh linen and hose for the morrow,” Sherlock announced.
“She didn’t leave anything in the end.  Said she thought it would be better to give it to you in person after all.”
“Take a good sniff, Baskerville,” Mrs Hudson said, “Doctor Watson may be joining us.”  She set a cup and saucer on the table by one of the arm chairs.  “Have a seat, Doctor.  Baskerville won’t bother you now he’s got Sherlock.”
“Come on, John.  It won’t take long with the two of us,” he said and was off.
I stared down at the blackberry.  “It went to September?”
“Venom,” I said querulously.
Above us, the flute piped a note.  The violin and harp tuned their strings.
She ruffled his hair when she turned around with the milk jug.  “I’ll bring them up in a bit, but first I wanted to tell you what I gathered last night, other than that Mrs Turner’s cousin is not very good at bridge, so I’m hoping I don’t get partnered with him again tonight.  Also, he has a marble collection.”
He raised an eyebrow.  He does hate to repeat himself, although he’s done it for me.
Sherlock passed me his flask.  “This will help.”
“There might be some basis for Corvus’ description of ‘a pestilent and mystic vapor’ about the house,” I added.
“The sun will be up soon.  The river is beautiful early in the morning.  I know you know that.”
,” the taller of the two said with a sweeping downwards gesture of her hand.
Such as that my melodic skills aren’t all I thought they were?  Opening and unlocking, after all, had been among the first tunes I had learnt and I fancied I used them rather well.
My stomach rumbled again.  This time I laughed.  It really didn’t suit the role of paramour.  “I still don’t get it.”
I made my way up to the minstrel gallery and looked over the balustrade.
“I am not,” Sherlock said.
“As you might have guessed, this one is what you want to use if your mixture affects flying or swimming.  “Siròc had an injured wing one time, hydra, you know, very sharp teeth and incredibly fast, and Old Doctor Hooper made up the unguent to treat the bite in this. Right as rain in a couple weeks.  Siròc was very cross, you know, and didn’t care for the smell of it on her feathers, but Sherlock talked her round.”  She leaned closer and lowered her voice.  “Flew faster than ever when her wing was healed, but don’t ever mention that in her hearing.”
I picked quickly after that, each finger seeming to find its ring without much intercession on my part.  I’d never been much for wearing rings, although every time I had they’d meant something – except the time I played Mercutio in school and had worn two for my part.  Well, maybe even then.  I’d had something of a crush on the classmates playing Romeo and Juliet; they had only had eyes for each other.  Great casting for the play.  Difficult rehearsals for me.
John stepped on a pile of feathers.  Fleshy wings closed about him.  “Will it be long?” John asked, leaning forward, finding Sherlock’s shoulder.  He felt Sherlock turn.
John stirred sufficiently to reach out and pluck one off the plate.
I should need blood again.  I usually come away from such encounters with hardly a scratch.”
A bell tolled.
In fairness, he had been up all night experimenting right before the client contacted us, so he was more sleep deprived than I was.  In fact, I wasn’t sleep deprived at all when we took the case.  That’s why he is asleep and I’m not.  Eight, nine hours was all I needed to get sorted.  I’m rested.  I’m showered and shaved and dressed.  I’m well fed, breakfast and lunch, the latter with Mrs Hudson before she went out.  I’m informed.  I’ve read the papers, checked the news online.  I can’t be bothered with the telly.  Without the simultaneous commentary to which I have become accustomed, it is tedious.  The commentator is asleep.
Not from anything I’ve experienced…I don’t think.
Definitely, no waking up.
“Or she liked the singer,” John replied.
“Yes, but I couldn’t get it to light.”
From whence he had plucked it I did not know, but it was a beautiful long curve of wood that felt good in my grip.  It took the strength of both my hands to slip the knot into the nock.  My shoulder ached in protest at the effort.  I ignored it.
Sherlock chuckled.
He turned his head and looked at me, through me.  “You are ready now.”
PS She is a tolerable harpist, if you would like instruction.
I felt the oil splashing against the wood,  heard the sizzle of the torches that lit it.   Flames licked up the thick planks.  Black smoke filled the hall.
Sherlock glanced sidewise at me.  “You’ve barely scratched the surface, you know.”
I helped him undo it and roll the shirt sleeve up above his elbow.  “Do you have morphine here?” I asked.
I felt his cock slide into place.  I tensed the muscles of my thighs, released them and contracted them again, falling, without meaning to, into the rhythm of the bells.  He sucked at my neck and his hand returned to my cock more intent in its motions that it had been before.
I laughed.  “No one, I hope.  It’s for the liniment I’m supposed to let simmer over the fire while I play that tune you’ve been admiring.”
Sherlock slid the items from his pockets from the table into his hand and came over to add them to the load.
I’ll worry about that later.
“I should not like to go far,” I said.
“I won’t keep her here,” Corvus said.  “We can stay in the house in London or I’ll find another where the air is better in Hampstead or Richmond.  Or we could take a house in France or in Italy, so she can learn languages and study painting.  Roderick and I spent a year travelling in Europe after university.  It was a good year.”
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said.  “Gracious, you did give me a fright.  Maybe it’s because of the fragrance in your sheets.  I put lavender in all the linen cupboards and the wardrobes, too.  Was it a nightmare, dear?” she asked, her brow furrowing further.
His father stepped closer and put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Your skill has grown since last I watched you.  Never would I have believed Magnus could be lured into the river.  He always appeared impervious to magic.  So many have tried.”  He shook his head.  “I tried.”
I hadn’t thought they had that in them.
I sat up, heart pounding, eyes darting around the dim room.
“You visited them, too?”
Don’t start with that again.
“Then why are the images of the man and the swan superimposed on one another?” John asked.  “The metalwork of the railing is clear.  I can see the door handle on the balcony door.”
John followed Sherlock down the corridor which followed the eastern wall of the building.  Its patterned yellow and red brickwork was exposed; its row of high, round windows dotted the smooth, modern wall opposite it with circles of pearly light.  Sherlock stopped before a door at the end of the hall that was painted a fashionable light grey.  He lifted the brushed steel door-knocker and paused.
There was a thrashing in the water and we all turned riverward.
This voice was different.
I held my breath.
True enough.  In dress uniform, no less.
John nodded thoughtfully, then took another drink of his tea.  “So, you took her case because of the feathers.”
My tongue registered the textures and the flavours and my brain pronounced them good, but it did not equal the pleasure I had felt devouring the cinnamon toast in my room.
“May I go with them, sir?” Kit asked.
“I have one of the Irregulars following him.  I was surprised you didn’t recognise Barrows driving the hansom.”
I set my cup down.  “Yes, of course.  I haven’t been to the theatre in a long while.”
“It is?” I asked.
She looked down, fell to her knees and wrapped her arms around him.  If she cried out, it must have been softly, because I heard nothing.
Lady Holmes glanced out the window.  “One could hardly fail to hear.”
"Yes, we came by water," Sherlock said, "it seemed the right medium for tonight."
John shook his head.
I surveyed the clearing.  At its centre, a fire burned.  In it, a huge pot rested on a triangle of small logs.  The bird - cap - whatever manner of creature it was, hovered high above the vessel, letting its cargo of berries drop, little by little, into the pot.  Several people were tending it. One stirring, others adding things, but I wasn't close enough to see what.  Someone else was breaking branches and adding them to the fire.
Her friends were all gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
forming in his mouth.  Must be the scent of the blood, he thought.
Sherlock sat back, eyes trained on John’s windows.
I had feet up on the cushions of the window seat once again.  Feet up, head down.  There might have been an interval of light-headedness.  Sherlock might have dragged me over here.
Steaming, the water continued to flow over me.  Pensively, I finished washing.
“You will soon,” he stated, turning away and continuing across the dam.
And so I went on, quietly reading and giving the words voice by turn.  Whether I was choosing the most salient lines, I could not be sure because I found myself drawn into the narrative much more than I had thought I would be.  I read out the parts about Roderick’s sister, who was as ill and wasted as Roderick himself, the extraordinary circumstances of her apparent demise and subsequent revival and the effect of those events on Roderick and the narrator.  I had glanced at Holmes at that point, but he had not turned to catch my eye when I had paused and finally I had read out:
“The way you held the bow.  It’s been a while since you’ve used one.”  He reached for my left hand, held it palm up by the wrist and traced a fingertip along my trigger finger.  “The callouses are fading, but you practiced regularly for years.”  He paused.  “Not always firing.  Just holding and sighting.  Hm.”  He let go.
“Your month is over,” he continued.
“I was surprised to see no cloth upon it at all.  Amidst the chairs ranged 'round it, the table’s bare legs were on view for all to see.  Prettily carved they were, of a dark wood, walnut perhaps.  The table top was of the same wood, inlaid with lighter woods and mother-of-pearl forming the shapes of vines and flowers surrounding a central peacock sporting lapis and malachite inlay for feathers.  Peacocks were a theme in the room.  There was a tall vase of tail feathers in one corner and a tapestry depicting a peacock in a formal garden over a sideboard.”
“Even so.  She has a sixth sense for these things.”
His clothes were smouldering.
He turned then and looked up at the grating from which we peered and I shivered.
At this size, the lips were easy to read.
“Look who’s coming out from under the trees,” Sherlock said.
It was hot there, nearly every surface covered with a plate or tray of biscuits or cakes adding their fragrant heat to the air.
The house door was open when I made it up the walkway.  I could hear Sherlock’s steps on the stairs.  It sounded like he was taking them two at a time.  I closed the door and trudged up.  I wasn’t sure what he was talking about.
"Throwing bodies, or parts of them, into the river, is certainly an old trick, but we've had hands and teeth and not a single match of fingerprints or dental records," Lestrade said, leaning over the leg.  "Or do you mean they were murdered at sea or not British?"
"All right," Lestrade said.  "There are cross pieces nailed into the posts.  If you'd like to climb up that is, rather than waiting for high tide down there."
I stared.  Sherlock had said the creature would defend me, but I couldn’t see the connection between its actions and my well-being at the moment.
Nope.
“Maybe she’s already got at it somehow.”
His hands caressed Sherlock’s and he spoke of the art of those fingers…
“Like I said, it’s a frenzy in the kitchen and all over the Manor, really.  There hasn’t been a ball here in years.  Unlucky in the lottery, I guess.  And three days is nothing for what needs to be done.  No choice but to up the pace.  But stay clear of the kitchen if you can.  Mrs Hudson’s using words down there I ain’t never heard.
“One of us take him for a run in the park every day,” Mr Holmes said and took a bite of a cake.
“Sherlock…”
“The friends or families of those not so timely in their demise, will have brought some part of their dead with them.  A hand or a foot or a head, packed in salt to preserve it.  Some choose the heart.  If someone dies in distant lands, or at sea, their loved ones might bring a lock of hair or a tooth to the fire.  Everyone leaves a lock of hair behind when they go travelling for this purpose.  Parents keep their children’s teeth for the same reason.”
My hand went to my hip.  My silver dagger was there.
He struck the metal in the fire with his hammer.
I flexed the fingers of my left hand.
In his dressing gown pocket, his phone buzzed.
I panted, listing sideways on the cushions.  It wasn’t physically possible, but in my head, I wanted him again, wanted it to somehow go on and on.  “Extraordinary,” I breathed, my eyes on those beautiful, pale lips.
The music resumed.  Sherlock groaned.  “With all eternity in which to practice, they can’t produce something better than that!”  He turned his head towards the sound.  “I could show them how it’s supposed to be done.  They’d dance then until I let them stop.”
“And we could hear you clear as a bell all the way back here,” Archie added.
“Of course.”
The sales counter was closed, the last visitors trickling out past it.  I told the guard by the entrance that I’d left my phone in the gents and he let me through without asking to see my ticket stub.  I'd achieved that look, I suppose, of someone who’d lost something important.
Sherlock glided closer to John, removed his gloves and lifted the trousers, studied the items left in their pockets, closed his hand about the mobile.  He murmured, set it down on the chest and circled the room, fingers smoothing over surfaces, eyes unaffected by the dark.  He wriggled into crevices, buzzed as he soared to the topmost shelves, stood still when he found the gun.  “Dangerous,” he whispered and smiled.  He stroked the gun, rubbed his forefinger around the curve of the trigger, crawled down the barrel.  “Angry and able to see more than you should.  No wonder you have bad dreams.”
Fine. OK.  They can’t.  I’m better at this than I thought.  Fine time to have got this good.
“It’s past midnight,” he said.
“Reddish-brown,” Sherlock said.  “And check to see if any nymphs are already emerging.”
“You read that?” John asked.
For satisfied I’d never sleep,
I took it and he hauled me upright.  I glanced about.  “I must look a right fool.”
John’s left arm lifted, curved around Sherlock’s back.  “I let them close enough to get some friction.”  He exhaled.  Sherlock’s curls moved with the force of it.  “For a while, they think they’re in, but then they realise that they’re still outside.  Have always been outside.”  He rested his cheek on top of Sherlock’s head and closed his eyes.  “Somehow you got in.”
“Yes, that’s why I want you under here,” I replied, shifting my hip to dislodge him.
The jaws of Sherlock’s serpent opened.  Its lolling tongue was nearly white.  From between its teeth, a grey, sluggish form protruded.
“They held their breath while I flew, their eyes fixed upon me,” Sherlock said, spreading his gaudy orange and black wings and bowing in Mycroft’s direction.  “And when I alit on the stage and bowed, they leapt up with wild applause, so I did it again.”  Sherlock folded his dark-banded wings and re-opened ones of white and yellow.  “They were definitely aroused.”
Sherlock glanced at John.  “You’re not ridiculing me.”
“If Jim realised he hadn't landed on the floor, he would have been surprised..."  Sherlock strode back towards the centre.  “And he would have needed to improvise…”
“No,” Mycroft replied, “it arouses their curiosity.
My head tipped back as my eyes travelled up the trunk to the sky blazing with stars above it.  I hadn’t seen stars like that since the mountains of Afghanistan.
Sherlock shook his head.  “The day we met, you thought Mike had told me about you, but he hadn’t.  It was the same with Madeleine Swann.  It’s not that I knew; I saw.  What she related supported my initial deduction, but my giving her story credence won’t be enough for her.  We need to go deeper, to find evidence for her, because if what I think is happening to her, is indeed happening to her, then it is something that would make any adult question their sanity.” Sherlock’s voice dropped. “And make other people question it, too.”
Not nearly well enough.
She took a sip of wine.  “Father would have liked you.”
I studied the hand I still held, the one that usually had a swollen middle knuckle on the little finger.  I brushed across her knuckles.  None of them were swollen in the least.  I looked up at her.
“If you did, would it have been wagging?” Sherlock asked.
Maybe.
I sagged against him.
So this was Sherlock Holmes, author of monographs on esoteric topics and my potential employer.  I had pictured him older.  The publication dates of his articles went back nearly twenty years and covered such a wide range of subjects I had not been able to discern his specialism.
“Yes.”  Sherlock gripped the bough in the middle, took a step back into the crowd, and threw it like a javelin.
Chapter 8 prompt:  #6 (Joy)
“I couldn’t feel my legs as I ran.  They’d gone numb.”  It was hard to say so many words what with the waterworks that wouldn’t quit, but I pressed on.  “And then I saw Mary on the floor... the blood.  Man down - training kicks in."  I needed another breath.  "I knelt to check the wound, to assess...”
"Yeah," Lestrade said.  "I've already nicked a lantern, may as well pinch a rope."
“If it’s crumbling, shouldn’t the wall have some sort of sealant on it?”
The child began walking along the top edge with his arms out to either side.  He stopped when he was above the place where the snowy-haired woman was cautiously making her way up the lattice.  The boy leaned over the edge, hands on his knees, watching.  The woman was waiting for a minute or more between each upward reach of a hand or lift of a foot.
“And that’s when you wrote the song,” Sherlock said, nodding at the papers back on the table.
I snatched my hand away from the paling and turned to find an older woman smiling at me from the open doorway.
The first day of spring doesn’t always fall on the 20th.
Those left in the clearing made similar gestures before turning up their collars or pulling their caps down over their ears.
I lifted the box onto my lap, smoothed my hands over its sides, found where the edges of the wrapping paper met and eased them apart.  The box was wood.  I undid the latches, raised the top.  The trays unfolded.  The colours shone.  They were as beautiful as I remembered.  Time had not dulled their allure one whit.  My hand hovered over the top tray.  What colours would I use?  All I could think of was skin.  What colours would be best to shade the contours?  What would I draw for him first?  The picture he had suggested perhaps?
I checked the sky.  The moon was still visible to the west, slightly hazy through the thin clouds that were obscuring the stars.
I was sitting up straight now.  I reached for the second box.  Slightly larger, much heavier.  Same name.  Off went the wrapping, the front of the box with it.  Shiny and black, the electric pencil sharpener was.  My fingers left prints on its smooth surface.  I rubbed them off with the cuff of my shirt.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped.  He nosed beneath the smooth testicles.  “You used the straight razor.”  He drew back, his eyes wide.  “John, you could have done yourself an injury.”
The shadowy shapes moved with it.
Me, too, except I don’t know how it happened.
The meal was hours behind me.  I had read and written and observed through the microscope for the entire evening after it.  Anything that could produce this result, would have noticeably interfered with those tasks.
She drew in a sharp breath.
Sherlock bowed and I bowed back.  He held out his hand and we began.
“Make one and I’ll accept.  If…she’d never want to take the stones back then she wants me to take the gold.”
The façade of the building wasn’t any more inspiring than the tiny section of it that was my bedsit.  I had forgotten about coming back here.  In my mind, I was already a resident of Baker Street.
Mycroft covered the king’s hand and set something in his palm that Puck could not see.  He leaned forward.
“We were considering making you a count,” Oberon explained, “because you like to collect things and count them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cool it by starlight long ago,” a deep voice intoned.  “It’s not in the manuscript.  How did you know?”
“Right.”
A breath of cool air reached us.
Molly opened her eyes.  “That was one of the reasons Sherlock made the window for me,” she offered.
More voices rose up through the trapdoor.
I froze, except for my eyes, which were trying to absorb every detail.
God, the thoughts that gave me.
I dragged my bloody finger across the seam of Sherlock’s lips, moistened it again at my own and repeated the process.
“I'm hoping my niece, Flora, will come back to us.  It was a job interview at Kew Gardens that brought her to London the other day."  Mrs Hudson pulled a cap from her bag.  "They would be lucky to get her.  Flora has several gifts and one of them is a knack for making green things grow.  Just like her grandfather did.”
Sherlock glanced from side to side, taking in the picnickers, the dog-walkers, the joggers and the readers at a glance.
I scanned the ceiling where griffins and dragons and winged horses swooped and soared between gold-tinted clouds then dropped my eyes to the walls.  Unlit crystal sconces in oval plaster wreaths filled the spaces between the windows on the north and south walls; dropping my eyes lower I took note of the plain wooden bar that ran along the north wall in front of the mirrored windows, ending with the flooring which clearly wasn’t original either and looked as though it might be cushioned.  There was a long stick leaning against one of the benches.  Other than it, I saw no equipment of any kind.  Martial arts came to mind again as well as dance, perhaps gymnastics, and then there was the fencing…
Ho ho.
There was a slight crinkling at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes.
Kit’s bell-like soprano fell silent, the tambour, too.  The harp played on for several bars, then faded away.
John set the package wrapped with newspaper and string on the desk.  “Never walking down that street with money in my pocket again,” he said as he slipped off his jacket, draped it over the back of a desk chair and tugged on the end of the bow.  The string loosened.  He pushed the paper away.
One by one, dozens of people held their hands up to the sky and Siròc took what they offered and the shades of their dead took shape in the flames.
“And upon occasion, I compose a menu,” he added.
I thought of walking along the locked iron fence of Hyde Park one night and understanding the wind as it swept through the branches.  It had told me my father had died and I had taken out my mobile.  Half a block later the screen had lit up and my mother was telling me the police had been.  The motor accident my father’s drunk driving had been courting for years had finally happened.  “No one else was hurt,” she had said quietly.  “He hit a tree.”
“He hadn’t gone too far.  He was swimming in leisurely circles in front of Ms Swann’s building.  Someone on one of the balconies overlooking the water tossed what looked like bread in his direction.  He ignored it.  The geese were keen though.  A few people snapped pictures of him.  One woman held out half a sandwich.  Mr Swan wasn’t interested in that either.  The gulls saw their chance and went for it.  After a few minutes, I returned to Hormead Road and waited for you.”
“Hey,” John said.  “No crimes either.”
“It was the least I could do after that,” I said, my tongue darting about my mouth in search of any lingering morsels.
“So,” Greg said, “sound interesting enough?”  He took one of the biscuits, tipped his chair back.
Unlike some of his explanations that night, the details of which had been lost in my wonderment at hearing his voice again, those words had stayed fixed in my mind.  His tone of joy and pride in his stratagem had struck me and I had noted them down in my journal before sleeping.  I had not recognised the quote he paraphrased then, however, poor scholar that I clearly am, but in the theatre the force of its context had me gripping the arms of my chair to remain steady.  Holmes had likened himself to Shakespeare's Cleopatra, this monarch who could lure emperors away from their noble and virtuous spouses to her bed and bend their warrior will to her purposes and desires.  Holmes had chosen those words to describe himself to me.
He opened his eyes.  They were clear.  He looked at me and he saw me.
Sherlock sauntered into the pub on the corner of Baker Street.  Several pairs of eyes looked him up and down speculatively.
Mycroft perched on the branch above Sherlock.  “Box safely in place?” he enquired.
John looked away from the field glasses and up at Sherlock.  “You, Mr Married-to-my-Work, were worth a longer game.”  He kept watching as the crinkles appeared at the corner of Sherlock’s eyes.  “And you didn't keep me waiting all that long,” John added.
“So how’s it going?” Mike enquired, as he draped his raincoat over the empty chair next to him.
“You did that?” Greg asked, turning towards me.
They swayed towards me.
“That smells wonderful,” I said as I sat.
We both turned towards it, but nothing was visible amongst the trees.
The first sight.  John drew a square and a rectangle in the margin of his notes.  They were meant to represent a computer.  Sherlock had been surrounded by them when he had glanced away from his typing towards Mike that day at Barts.  John’s eyes flicked to Sherlock and back to his notebook.
Mrs Hudson patted my arm.  “Sit, dear,” she urged softly.  “Baskerville’s a good boy.  He just gets all excited when Sherlock comes home.”
The thought had stopped me in my tracks for a moment.  I had turned in a full circle in the front hall.
The only touring that had been accomplished had been directly after lunch.  When I had explained what time I had to be back to attend to the experiments, Mrs Hudson had decided it would be best to go straight up to the roof and leave the labyrinth of rooms for another day.
I looked behind me.
“The pig blood and so on,” I said.
My hand went to my chest where my moon blade hung.
“You didn’t recognise me in the morgue?” she asked.
“He came to me a second time?”
Baskerville sniffed avidly among the leaves, snorting and huffing as he went.
Her hand fell away from the door.  “Yes.  Yes, it would,” she agreed.
Sometimes dancing can be deadly.
The dragons didn’t even lift their heads from their dinner.
“You’ve been on my website.  It’s all set out there,” he replied.  “Where?”
…for a kiss.
“Tell me about the danger, Sherlock,” I said and if I was instilling as much charm into the words as I could, it wasn’t a duplicitous act, but an instinctive one.
Perhaps I was taking the injunction to make myself at home a bit far, but I did not seem able to resist peeking through the microscope nor reading the most recent lab notes concerning blood samples, human and otherwise, that contained pathogens which crossed species.  I leaned my cane against the table and lifted one of the vials from the nearer rack, rotating it to read the writing on the label:
“And, of course, we have to allow time for you to hear the herders in Tibet and make your own judgement about their music,” Holmes concluded.
“I can’t be, I suppose.”  I traced a finger down the middle of the blade.  It felt cold.  I closed my eyes and saw a trough filled with snow.  “You tried quenching the blade in snow then thought it might break…you were on the roof, on the ledge outside the wall...”  The sky was a pearly grey, a lone figure stood dark against the glow of a fire.  My finger slid past the tip of the blade.  The image was gone.  I opened my eyes.
I pushed up and rolled him over.  His eyes were gleaming, his lips were swollen.  My knees tightened on either side of his hips, my forearms at his shoulders.  I leaned down and breathed in the scent of blood and fruit on his breath.  “They could not,” I said, hovering above his mouth, “even come close.”
"Ah," Lestrade said, handing back the lens.  "Even so, they should have been buried."
He had taken to doing that, never asking for my laptop or my notebook, always leaning over me smelling like a garden and radiating warmth by my cheek.
I looked back at his eyes.  The smile had changed their shape.
If there was more to the sentence it was muffled by his releasing my hand and moving his attentions to the front of my jeans.
I wanted to shout his name, but refrained.  Who knew what else was in these dreaming woods besides droning bees and singing birds.
“Or two,” I said and kneaded his back.
His serpent scrabbled up to my shoulder, hissing softly.  The claws of both serpents dug into my skin when they took flight.
I tilted my head a bit as I considered the direction and the height.  “Is that Parliament Hill?”
That can be said of many things.
Shut it.
After a moment, he noticed it.  “Ah, yes.”  He took it from me.
“To a police sketch artist, for example,” Sherlock clarified, “clothing and all.”  He crossed his legs then, settled more comfortably into the plush sofa.
John swallowed his toast and reached for his mug.  “Physiologically though, I can’t wrap my head around the process.  I mean there’re all sorts of metamorphoses in nature.  Simply growing up is a metamorphosis, but it’s a gradual one over years.  Or, caterpillars to butterflies, that’s more radical and faster, but even that takes a couple weeks more or less.  How could a bird turn into a human, or the reverse, almost instantaneously?  Where’s the extra mass coming from or going to?  What mechanism would be at work?  I have no idea.”
The smouldering campfire had smelt of spruce wood.  Between it and the cliff face, a tent had glowed briefly with the light of a lamp.  When it was quenched, only the fire and the stars remained to light the solitary figure perched upon a low rock with his back to me, stirring the fire’s embers with a long staff.
, “together,”
I managed to close my fingers around some fragrant, flaky thing from my plate without the aid of my eyes.
Water was still beaded on his back.  I swiped at it with my vest.
John’s breath quickened.  It made a beautiful sound, almost whistling over his teeth.  Sherlock stung once below the navel, once on the inside of a thigh, then flew up into the branches above the bed.  He clung there, dislodging the cherry blossom petals and catching the fragrance of John as it rose from his overheated skin.
After a moment, she stood up straighter, rolled her shoulders and clasped her hands.  Then, she pressed her hands to her mouth and held them out towards her children before turning away and walking towards the tree.
It was snatched from my hands.
by Alfred Noyes (1880-1958).
Didn’t seem very likely that I wouldn’t like to.
“Still amounting to far too many people according to some.  Started quite a controversy in the 1880s as to whether such material should ever be made accessible outside of scholarly circles.  There were diatribes penned to
The swan broadened his circuit, swimming close to the boats moored on the southern edge of the canal where John and Sherlock sat, proceeding west a few boat-lengths and circling back near the buildings on the north side.
“The image in the press…”  I stopped when Holmes raised an eyebrow.
As he had arranged himself upon the pillows with that grace that pervades everything he does, I had shed jacket, waistcoat, collar and cravat with military efficiency, my motions unaided by sight, so unwilling was I to forfeit a moment watching him.  The garments had fallen where they would and I had left those remaining on my person half undone because he had turned his gaze towards me and blinked slowly against the sunlight.
"I have," he said and picked up his jacket and shook it out.
I stretched after him.
“Play it in reverse,” Sherlock said, “three times through.”
Kit grinned.  “They were marvellous!”
I crossed my arms and scowled as he went in among the trees.
“John Watson’s light is gold,” Mycroft stated.  “It’s an unusual colour for a human, doubly unusual for it to be so strong.”
“What?  He was vexed that Ms Swann wasn’t paying attention to him?” John asked.
The perpetual dusk of a rainy day lit the street beyond the library windows.  The rain was splattering loudly against the panes, poised halfway between water and ice. They offered little in the way of light or view.
Molly was singing a verse to the tune of
Sherlock rubbed his hands along John’s arms.
“Too upsetting, I imagine.”
Yes, well.
“Have you ever met him?” I asked.
Lestrade appeared to understand the significance of that.
Sherlock twisted about in the chair.  He probably read everything I was thinking on my face.
The music ceased.  The door slid closed and the sitting room light went out.  A moment later, the shade over the bedroom window began to glow.
I smiled back and noticed that Molly’s words had turned to English.
Sherlock met me half way.  “We have a few things to collect on the way down,” he said and hurried past.
“Yes, of course,” I said.  “I thought the stone carver had made an error.”
“Guess we won’t be needing the gun,” John said.
will be on the programme,” Holmes explained.
“Bad day?” I asked.
“Mm,” was all Sherlock said.
Ms Swann was beginning to flush.
“Perhaps you aren’t seeing what I’m seeing, but what you want to see,” he said.
I caught Holmes smiling at that.  I forged ahead.
“He disappeared on the bridge,” I explained.
“But this one nearly made itself,” he said.  “The stones wanted to be your knife.  No one can use it against you or for any purpose you don’t want it to be used.  Anyone who tried would be very sorry.”
I looked down, grabbed my shirt off the cushion and wadded it up over my groin.
“I’ll try not to interrupt your narrative,” Holmes said, “unless absolutely necessary.”  He leaned back against the settee and resumed smoking.
Our final dance was supposed to knock anybody flat that needed knocking over.
That made no sense.
“Sounds like more than one person,” John said, “but I haven’t heard anyone out there.”
“Of course, yes,” I said, and nudged him to go down the steps from the pedestal of the fountain.  “Even when you haven’t shagged me senseless, I’d say yes.”
I grimaced and gripped my arm.  When he approached from my other side, I stepped back so he could complete his circle.
“One moment,” I said and had wiped the inside of my elbow with alcohol and inserted the needle in a matter of seconds.  I was not giving him diseased blood.  My blood flowed quickly into the vacutainer tube.  I ejected it from the needle and inserted it into a fresh syringe and pulled my sleeve down.
John looked from the one to the other.  He had witnessed numerous techniques Sherlock used for putting clients at ease or on edge, but the music was a new one to him.  John watched for his cue in whatever approach Sherlock had chosen.
where it fit into notches along the top of the gold ring that Sherlock had made for me and which I had chosen to put on that finger.
“Woof.”
“No, no, it was the least I could do after what you’ll notice in a minute,” she said, gaily.
A nervous titter in front of me clarified matters.  Culvert stood at the edge of the circle, jingling a little to my left, face lit from below on one side by the border glowing green at his feet, and on the other by the silvery blue light of the adjacent quadrant and the line leading from where Sherlock stood to the edge.
“Fine,” I said, “we’ll see what other details the night provides.”  I dusted off my hands and turned my back to the windows.
The apple core sat on the table.  Smiling, I set it aside and bent to retrieve the wad of newspaper from the floor.  Its headline announced Margaret Thatcher’s election.  I tossed it into the sack.
John called out in his sleep.
“My wife...my wife was dying in front of me and I couldn’t focus because I was so relieved it wasn't you.”
He said nothing else, but I felt his eyes following my sodden progress across the library.
Sherlock knew he was distracting John from making a decision, but could not refrain from speaking and kissing in turn.  If he could sting around the delicate skin he kissed, make it swell and grow even more tender, the words would stop, but John’s wish was holding him in his true shape and that shape had a tongue that formed words.
I slipped the harp off my back and unfastened the ties, my mind running through snippets of melodies.  I set the cover aside, balanced the harp against my hip and shoulder and plucked a string and then another.  C, D, C, F, G, A, B flat.  Yes.  I proceeded to play
His hand stroked down my arm.  “I never knew.”
“Shall we lay our cards on the table and see if we can each see what the other has described?” he asked.
The fear he felt was sudden and cold.  He cried out.
Like a wreath of smoke, he eluded my grasp and rose.
Mrs Hudson brought the empty dish by her kitchen door in to be washed and re-filled.  She smiled at the four-leaf clover in the bottom of the bowl.
I felt Sherlock exhale.
The horse’s hooves found the ground between the people then he leapt, his harness gleaming, his hooves glinting in the firelight.
“Ah,” John said.
Or pull her back.
The musicians were on the top steps now, their music rolling out over the water, louder and louder.
The biscuits were still warm.  Lemony, shortbread-y things I discovered when I ate one.  “That is lovely,” I said and the memory of Sherlock telling me who Mrs Turner was returned to me.
“Well done,” Sherlock whispered.  “Griffin feathers are potent.”
“Mrs Hudson?”
Holmes had moved to the door.  He pulled the bell.  When Billy came bounding up the stairs, he was sent to fetch a cab.
I took the strap, which was made of plaited grass and peered into the pouch that dangled from it.
“Aha!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“Why didn’t you call some psychiatric hospital when I told you about Redbeard?”
“Look inside,” he urged.  “I have left the ribbon where I wrote my impressions on the first night of my visit.  Your telegram marks the end.”
“No,” I agreed, feeling how he was supporting most of his weight on one of his arms now.  I stretched out beneath him.  There had been a time in a field; the scent of flowers was the same.  But that may have been in a dream, so often my dreams are of him.
I held up the plate of sweets from by my side and Sherlock plucked a rose-shaped bit of marzipan from it.
John glanced towards the dark glass of the door down the hall.  “Looks like she’s asleep.”
“Careful not to cut yourself.  Best not to attract anything in the water.”
Like the sea.
I looked down at Sherlock.  He was very pale, the blue of the vein at his temple visible beneath his skin.
“No. 2,” he repeated without a smile.  "No, No. 3."
I know nothing about this scientist except that he writes monographs on arcane subjects that he posts on his website, his housekeeper used to be Mike’s patient and Mike thought she was a nice lady.
The beads clicked against one another as I came back through the kitchen door, rubbish and recycling stowed in the bins outside.  The room was still redolent of the morning’s baking.
Maybe.
Sherlock looked down at me.  Water was dripping from his chin.
Behind me, Sherlock stepped out of the bath.  His reflection glided across the glass, half-hidden by clouds of mist.
“Presented with ambiguous stimuli, we might both interpret them in an erotic way.”
“The woman in the embroidered cloak, who’s drifted off in her husband’s…or lover’s arms.  The ones with the pale grey horse tied to a tree behind them and a fire to themselves.”
“A mark of great favour, John.”
In the same voice.
Only one pair of eyes remained glowing in the woods and they were growing larger.
Music sounded from the wood.  Oberon flitted up from the table and flew towards it.
“And so it was with all the usual titles,” Oberon said, “not a single one suited.”
He was starting to smile.  He was pleased that I had followed his suggestion.
I was looking for signs of excess opium usage, but what I saw chiefly was fear.  Holmes’ careful questioning would, no doubt, draw out of what precisely.
Well, and theirs, but they live here.
She brushed the hair back that fell over the dark eyes.
You have no sense of smell.
I glanced over my shoulder and up.
“See how the firelight throws a warm glow on the man’s face, but not the woman's?  She’s as white as a…”
Skipping that quibble, are you?
Sherlock was progressing through the film slowly, almost frame by frame.  The audio had picked up little other than their own conversation, the occasional noise of traffic and the lapping of the water.
I had made no conscious decision to pursue what I had abandoned for so long.
I had a feeling she was checking me for allergic reactions.
Sherlock flitted towards the hearth on leathery wings, heard what he wanted half a metre up the flue.  He fluttered out, crouched, coat dragging along the floor, and reached up the chimney with a prudently gloved hand.
Eventually, we turned down the path that edged the small lake by the rose garden.  The long limb of a willow tree lay on the ground, partially blocking the footpath.  The pale wood where it had ripped away from the main trunk was half blackened.
Shaking her head, she filled my cup.  “I don’t know, the flyer didn't mention any basement storage coming with the flat, but Mrs Turner might know more about Chalfont Court's facilities.  Her family’s lived next door since this terrace was built.”  She began pouring her tea.  “Of course, these days, it might be faster to check online.”
“Well, I’ll clear this away, then.  I’m so sorry,” she said.
“Mr Holmes, Dr Watson,” Ms Swann said as she drew near.  “Thank you for meeting me at such short notice and at this early hour.”
Yes, I probably should.
I felt warm.
“You couldn’t have known,” Sherlock replied.
Baskerville is usually taken for his constitutional after dark, but he didn’t look like he could be patient much longer.
I sprang up as well, feeling light and probably looking a bit puzzled.
I stood before the low apothecary door, hands on my knees, taking in huge gulps of air.
When the man rolled himself over the top, the boy patted his back.  After lying face down in the flames, the man rolled further from the edge, rose onto one knee and stood.  He waved his arms over his head.
I turned in the opposite direction, taking the stairs to my room at full speed.  As I passed my glass, I saw the frown on my face.  While I checked my pistol with the speed long practise allows, I realised that both my haste and my glower were not from concern for our client, but concern about him.  His eye was as “large, liquid, and luminous” as he had described Roderick Usher’s as having been and his lips also had a “surpassingly beautiful curve” to use Corvus’ own words again.  Their shape could not aspire to the beauty of Holmes’ mouth, fair few lips could, I thought, tucking the pistol into my coat.  Unbidden, the image of the two forms pressed together rose before my inward eye.  I turned and ran down the stairs.
“Not so good at following orders,” he said, “surprising in a military man.”
“Ok, ok.  I won’t make you wait much longer. Just give me a few minutes.”
“More than those planned,” John concluded.
I peered over the top of my computer.  Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa, a medical journal of mine balanced on his chest.  He had been reading for hours from several stacks of books and journals he had ranged nearby.  He had not told me what he was researching or that we had a new case, but he had not become restless in the quiet of the evening.
“That, Ms Swann, is what Sherlock does,” John said.
“If I wasn’t fairly sure I knew better, I’d say you fancied her,” John stated.
Puck looked at the magnificent curlicues of the writing on the document and the green seal with ribbons of silver and gold affixed to it.  He re-focussed his gaze on the pointed toes of his slippers and his lip quivered.
My eyes went wide.  I turned to stare at her.
I sighed and blinked.
Nerves, John wrote in his notebook next to Ms Swann’s name and the date.  He and Sherlock had seen nerves manifest themselves in a wide variety of ways.  They had not encountered literary quotes up to that point, but they knew well the hesitation that preceded a client committing themselves to actually doing what they had come to do.
Low in my belly, my body responded to the rhythm of the movements around me and I drew in a sharp breath.
“Well, there you have it.  You’ve deduced it all.”
Puck shifted his weight from one foot to another.
“It’s changed,” he said.  “You must not be able to recognise the landscape I described.”
“Are we talking miscarriage, childbirth, egg laying or what?” I added, palpating the abdomen.
I turned to drop our weapons into my chair until we decided where to stow them when I heard Baskerville bark.  When I looked, he was backing away from Sherlock, alternately snarling and whining.
The door closed.
He lifted an arm.  Without warning, I felt his hand curled around my neck, a couple fingers slipping beneath my collar.
“Right.”
He was playing an intricate bridge between verses of Molly’s singing.
“True, but the quality isn’t great – I mean for scientific purposes.”  She huffed.  “Robin thinks I’ve been working too hard.  She’d been excited about the possibility of a unique specimen, but our evidence seemed to be melting away.”  She moved her foot for the pigeon.  “The zoo has some new birds from Australia that have just laid eggs, which no one was expecting, so she’s rushed off her feet right now with that.  I don’t think my amateur birding will be uppermost in her mind for some time.”
I glanced at Holmes again, but his eyes were fixed on Corvus.  I took the journal.  It was finely made, the black leather binding embossed with a monogram with a prominent ‘C’.
Yeah.
It swung out of view.
I set to plucking.  I could not go much faster than I had before, but the melody flowed more pleasantly.  I heard a definite click at the end of the tune.
“Ah.”  He filed a bit more vigorously.
“They took you with them,” he stated.
“Not like he used to when he was a child,” she said.  “When I was a girl, we would go for the whole summer.  It was glorious.”
Evening sunlight streamed through Summer’s window, it lit the gold in Bert’s sandy hair and the gleam in Wiggin’s eyes.
“You’re here now,” he said, sliding his hand away.
His head had fallen forward, but he curled his fingers when I brushed the alcohol wipe over his forearm.  His vein was easy to find against his pallid skin.  I inserted the needle and depressed the plunger.
Up above, Kit was drinking a glass of water, while Mrs Hudson played
“Poisons?”
And there I’ll wait for that day to come,
Oh, that it would.
“Yes,” he replied.  “From long before I was born.”
“And there was a bird…huge bird…black from head to claw…diving towards me through the red air with talons outstretched…”  I blinked.  “I haven’t thought about that dream since I was in hospital.  I haven’t had it since then.”  I pursed my lips.  “I suppose the bird was Death.”
“Seven against one,” I said.  “I wish I had been there to help.”
Sherlock looked up from under his brows.  “Highly unlikely the camera and both of us would have missed that.  What explanation do you have for these images?” he asked, shooing John’s finger away from the touch pad and clicking through several of the indeterminate images, all of which were blurry compared with the surroundings.
"We could age some in the freezer, so my using it would not affect you this intensely,” he continued.  “
I paused and watched him for a moment more.
My nostrils flared as I watched scratches and gouges appear then vanish from my flesh.
“I was here last year.”  And he’d been in my bed by this time then, but it hadn’t been like this.  The memory still made me sigh.  It was a very good one.
Sherlock stirred.  “Sun's almost up,” he said.
I sat up in bed, panting.
“Ta,” I said as I took it.
I tugged on his jacket to help him along.
I felt its imprint on my skin.
John looked up the stairs, patted the matchbox in his pocket.
He grabbed John’s arm, held it down over his eyes.  “Don’t look,” he warned and kissed John’s stung lips.
The animal obeyed immediately, its eyes rolling up to look at its master.  It whined.
“I don’t fade away easily,” Sherlock said.  “I have something of a reputation for being indestructible.” He took a step forward, gripping my hand more tightly.
It was like a drop of nectar.  Just a drop, not too sweet.  I could almost taste it on my tongue.  How I missed the satisfaction of a job well done.  I lifted my chin.
The line I was drawing wavered.  I stared at it, lifted my eyes and stared at the naked form on the bed.  How much more vulnerable could he make himself?  What on earth more did I want?
Sherlock opened his hand, palm up.  There were three berries on it: another raspberry, a blueberry and a blackberry.
I huffed.
Chapter 3 prompts: Numbers 3, 7 & 21 (chilly, blankets, darkness)
He held up a sprig with three white berries on it.
“Damn,” Sherlock hissed.  The coiled ropes rasped against one another as his weight shifted.  He was no longer in my torchlight.  His feet hit the wooden floor.  I shifted the phone and heard the creaking of hinges.  I lunged forward, caught the tails of his coat.  My phone fell through the trapdoor, its light flashing across the wooden beams before it was gone in the brightness below.
Well, he did, I suppose, just not in so many words.
An appreciative ooh rose from the onlookers.
“Oh?” John said, realising that the dog was the breed and size of the one in the video clip Ms Swann had shown them.
My hand stopped, dripping soap, above my heart.  I could feel its beat.
“I suppose not.”
All the candles went out.
“By the second,” I said, finishing the slice of toast and taking the tea with me to the wardrobe.
“It’s hot,” I said, the burning sensation spreading through my whole foot as I spoke.
He sniggered.  “No one can withstand two of my leeches – not even a fine, tall fellow like Sherlock.  Mind, you’ve done well to be standing at all right now.  You have surprised me, but it won’t last.  The ichor is in his blood; it can’t be cut out.  It’s killing him now.  Think how desolate you will feel when he’s gone.  The despair as you think on how you weren’t able to help him one jot.”
It’s the best way for me to learn things.  It’s the hard way and yet it’s the one that works best for me.
Holding the lip of the bottle against his palm, John poured more oil.  It dripped between them.  He rubbed the rest over Sherlock’s chest, circling each nipple before slipping lower.
He leaned back from the waist, and forward again, arms gliding through the air.
“Mmm.  Come back to bed.”
Safe beside the lake,
He slipped the chain to my moon blade over my head and dangled it near my hand.
“I’ll ask her.  If she does know anything about it, it’s likely attached to some long, family saga.  Her family specialises in long, family sagas.  They have shelves of photo albums and scrap books and diaries going back generations.  They’re thinking to put them online.  They’ve been inspired by your blog, you know, Mrs Turner and her mother.”  She tasted her tea and smiled.  “Ready for a slice of cake?”
He set the container from which he’d been eating atop my plate and shifted his attention to my hands, which were already shuffling the cards.
I would not rule it out.
Grinning, I looked back to the bundle I was holding.  “Sort of a cross between Christmas morning and pass-the-parcel.”
That felt true.
John noticed the mug with a black feather sticking out of it and the image of two courting swans on its side.  The mug was holding down a stack of paper next to the closed laptop sharing the table with the book of photographs and three or four other volumes.
“But you saw him more clearly on later occasions,” Sherlock said.
“1929,” she replied, briskly.  “Mrs Turner was brimming with details!”
“I wouldn’t have survived if it had been you again,” I managed to finish.
Sweet silver bells
He had stumbled in the middle of the stream, banged his knees and an elbow on the submerged tree trunk over which he had fallen.  Sputtering and shivering, he had followed the music to the farther bank, slipping down its steep side twice before scaling it by clinging to the exposed roots his scrabbling hands had found.  At its top, he had peeled off his soggy jacket and trousers, used the inside of the jacket to dry himself then tied it about his waist.
I closed my eyes.  My lip curled, my nose wrinkled.  “Stagnant water.”
Sherlock lost track of what he said.
“That’s why you know about it.”  My hand closed around a heavy clump of newsprint deep in the box.
“Pin,” Sherlock said.
I clapped louder.  The stones echoed with it.
The lines in his face were far less deep than when the evening began.
“I’ve nearly finished making a list,” I replied, pulling out a loose sheet of paper I’d tucked into my notebook.
My joints seemed locked in place.  “No.”
“It was cool against my feet.  It rippled as I moved.  I could see no shore, just dark glimmers as the ripples spread across the surface and disappeared.  At first, there was no sound but that of the water and then a light breeze began to blow, ruffling the surface even more than my steps.  Beneath my feet, I could feel the water thrumming.  I leapt and spun and I wanted to sing.”
“In the ballroom,” Wiggins answered from just behind me.  “If you could step into these.”
It had only ever spoken to him in the dark.  John ran towards the voice and leapt into the air.  His outstretched fingers touched a feather, others, a shoulder.  His body slammed into a back and his legs clamped around a waist.  “I have now,” he said, clutching as tightly as he could and pressing his cheek against silky curls.  To either side, Sherlock’s wings unfolded, stirring the frangrance of the grass and the woods as they slowly beat the air.
“If you had brought some piece of me to the fire, could I have come back?” I asked.
I poked my head round the door.  “John, please,” I said.
“I could call Wiggins to help you with those,” Sherlock said as he slipped his second stocking off.
Softly, he gasped, and softly, I hummed, faster and faster, and in between the notes, I heard the potion boiling.
I stretched out amidst the plants; stalks bending beneath me, leaves tickling my cheeks as I turned my head from side to side.
It was a knave.  He held a violin at his chin and the eye that was visible was closed.  I steadied the loup over the picture.  On his cheek, his eyelashes cast shadows.
I knew how he hated to admit to not knowing.
The arm about my waist was strong.
The guests take their leave.
“No.  It’s one of mine.  See how it fits.”
He raised an eyebrow at me.  “Ask yourself why you were ready to defend Mrs Hudson and me against what you perceived to be the attack of a ferocious animal?”
I slid to the middle of my seat, retrieved the crossbow from the bilge on the bottom boards, slung it over my shoulder and reached under Sherlock's cloak to grab hold of his jacket.
He rolled his eyes and I thought he might faint before I realised he was simply exasperated.  “You know,” he gritted out.
When he had played at school, he had enjoyed assembling and disassembling the instrument, could do it quickly when he was late to practice, would linger over cleaning it and putting it away when he had time.  Just like with his gun.
As I went to join them, I saw behind her the glowing embers in the hearth and the pot simmering over it.
She put her glasses on.  “A secret compartment!  How clever of you to find it!”  She peered at the key jutting from the lock.  “What a delicate, little thing.”
“You’ll owe me another favour,” Sherlock said.
“I wanted to be sure you wouldn’t say no…” he murmured.
We had barely discussed any.
John smoothed one hand over Sherlock’s curls.  “You were rather hard not to think about.”  He traced the curve of a cheekbone.  “What with these and your coat collar turned up.  God, all the different ways I thought about getting you out of that coat or having you in it.”
He ignored that.  “And it isn’t what I wanted to show you.”
, a servant of the vampire.  Renfield wanted immortal life and he ate living things in hopes of achieving it when Dracula declined to bestow it upon him.  In Renfield's cell in the asylum, cockroaches were the only living things available to him.  He ate them avidly.”
I sighed out a long breath; I have found you.  I slipped into the room.  I could smell the lavender.
A floor lamp like a harvest moon lit up and the function of the room was confirmed.  Mr Holmes was turned away from me searching in one of the many glass-fronted cupboards that stood between the windows.  On their shelves, more instruments sat, their metal and wood gleaming.
“Sleep,” I murmured.  Wrappers and words could all be explored after sleep.
It was a much more complimentary level of interest than he has ever shown in my writing.  Up went my chin, out went my chest.  I had no control over it.
John woke, panting.
“Breathe, John.”
John nodded his head and wrote ‘A*’ next to the lightning bolt on his notebook.
Evidence secured, we had adjourned to our rooms on the top floor of the picturesque inn’s tower.  There we had carefully stowed the dagger away, and awaited the darkness needed for our next foray.  The westering sun had poured through the semi-circle of windows overlooking naught but the greens and golds of fields and treetops as I had divested Holmes of his muddy garments and checked for any injuries that might require my attention.
My temperature went up, the urge to lay hands on him pulling at my bones.  I clenched my fists at my side.
I felt a little warmer.
Corvus nodded and Sherlock led him away.  I grabbed the satchel from behind the door and followed them out.
“Yes, yes, I’m going,” he replied and stepped through the door Mrs Hudson had left open.
There was a jingling sound from above us.  "I've got two two-pence coins and three pence," Lestrade said.
Watson?  How could you think you could ever be a dancer, you barber, you butcher?”
Sherlock’s wings trembled.
“Once I reached a certain age, I couldn’t always avoid them,” Sherlock replied around the dissolving sweet.  “Much as I tried.”  He swallowed and brushed a crumb from the corner of his lips.  “But when I was too young to be allowed to attend, I would creep down to the terrace and spy on everyone for the whole night.  The plants hid me and I saw a great deal.”  He popped the rest of the sugary flower into his mouth.
“Well, if it shows up in
“Which parent is the devoté of Proust?” Sherlock asked in lieu of a greeting.
John started to stand up.
Maybe.
“For a human, the author has a fair stock of wit.  I like his play about the sorcerer more though.  The power dynamics are amusingly transparent,” Sherlock said, bringing his wings together.  “Didn’t that embarrass Father?”
John wrote down ‘beautiful’.  It was not a word commonly used to describe an attractive man, but it had been the one that had popped into his mind that first day at Bart’s.  Presumptuous and intriguing and mad had been a few of the others.  He glanced at Sherlock, who was looking at Ms Swann.  Such a fine profile.  Sherlock had extended one arm along the back of the sofa.  It stretched the front of his shirt across his chest.  John let his gaze linger a moment.  Since Ms Swann appreciated beauty, he was certain she was enjoying the view as much as he was.
He began to play the melody I had played on the roof.  It sounded more plaintive on the violin.
Sherlock responded with his teeth, biting at the base of John’s neck.
“Ah.”
"What comes to mind?" Sherlock asked.
Excerpt:  The stitches were tiny and neat, reducing the cross-hatching of wounds to the thinnest of red lines.
“Mmm,” Sherlock murmured, turning a page in his book.
John stared at the flame in its small glass chamber.  “When, Sherlock?  When?” he whispered.
I was certain Sherlock would have accomplished this task effortlessly, possibly while running, but my gait was not so smooth.  And having made it so far without a drop staining the thick leather of my gloves, I decided not to court the risk of another flight of stairs and to take the lift the rest of the way down instead.
Sherlock murmured, closed his wings more tightly around John.
Corvus turned his bright, dark eyes upon me.  Their look conveyed his desire that I say more.
“A race?”
Sherlock spoke again and the word fire caught my ear.
The doorbell rang.
“I reminded myself that this was a performance by a skilled actress, who clearly could have walked the boards with success.  I concluded that some short-sighted theatre manager had overlooked her talents in favour of more comely aspirants, causing her to eschew the stage and turn her talents on smaller audiences in her back parlour."
The animals continued to circle.
Without looking, Sherlock stepped backwards onto the coffee table, the map suspended from his outstretched arms.  His head and hand appeared on the wall.
“That I was young enough to take you as often as I want you,” I said and raised my hand a few centimetres off the cushions.  I couldn’t hold it aloft very long.  It dropped just above his knee.  Weakly, I gave his leg a squeeze.  He is just muscle and bone.  My hand slid away.
“He is not likely to have known.  What I think he would like to have back is this,” Sherlock said, waving another document.
I heard something heavy scraping along the wood.
Probably not.
I inhaled sharply, my eyes fixed on his.
…but Sherlock lifted his beautiful lips away.
As the musicians tuned their instruments, I arranged myself in my seat so that I could watch Holmes listen to their music.  I assumed that was more of an attraction for him than the play, and witnessing the effect his enjoyment of music had upon him had always been my favourite part of attending a performance in his company.  I had missed that.
“I shot him.  Glass shattered everywhere.  I ran down the stairs, across the street, shards of glass glittering around me like a swarm of butterflies.  I hammered and banged and shoved against the door.  The glass cut my hands and face, gouged and scored the wood.  Still, I couldn’t get in; the door was locked.  I could have saved you if I could have got in.  Finally, Mrs Hudson flew down the street and opened the door, but when I got upstairs it was too late.  I had taken too long.  You were gone and I couldn’t bring you back.”
He put the gloves in his pocket and stood over me.
“Watched the people.”
No, by St. Bride of Bothwell, no!
By the candle’s light, I could see that the box was bound like a heavy book.  Two walls of the room were lined with bookcases.  Who knew how long it had taken him to find that particular book, which was a fake.  I glanced about but did not see a clock.
“Twenty-four to thirty-six hours since the end of the pregnancy,” Molly replied, looking up at Sherlock.  “I’ve seen no other signs of pregnancy in her body and no signs of a disease that might produce those hormones in her blood and I re-ran the tests three times,” she continued, rounding the table to stand next to me.  “That this individual has recently been pregnant is all I can affirm.”
Internal bleeding occurred to me, an analgesic that was wearing off.
"Duck," Sherlock whispered and the light disappeared.
In the taxi, Sherlock thumbed through the file of photos Lestrade had sent.  The lighting under the bridge had been poor in the first shots before the lamps were set up, but the metamorphosis was so rapid that it had been worth capturing what they could.
Sherlock was seated a few steps up the stairs, stroking Baskerville and looking past him at the branch taking up much of the entryway.  "Do you see what they've brought, Mrs Hudson?"
“Then how could you know?”
“And to visit my parents, of course, when I was off at university.  It’s a kind of short cut.”
“Stretch your neck forward and run,” he said.
I looked ahead and saw a one-legged torso upon the gravel.  Half an arm was missing as well.  I could hear Sherlock murmuring, but not catch his words.
I did not want to add acid burns to my bruises, so I opened one eye.  The angle was wrong because I’d moved the parcels a bit.  I heaved a great sigh and reached for the smallest package, which was, surprisingly, still atop the stack.  I held it in front of my eye.
The cut stung until he covered my mouth completely, tongue stroking the wound.  As he persisted, a great lethargy rolled over me and I closed my eyes.  It was not like the times with a syringe at all.
“I know a better place to collect mermaid fern.”
"I'm going to shift my legs now," he said.
“Years ago.”
Sherlock whispered something too softly for me to hear.
, “and white,”
“There,” John whispered, although he wasn’t quite sure why, “under the oak tree at two o’clock.  I think that’s him.”
I heard Greg running, getting closer.
My gaze swept over the crowd again.
Unless…
Carefully, I set aside the drawing of the arm and the atlas I had been using for support and folded back the cover of the pad.  When I glanced up, Sherlock had pushed the coffee table back and sat himself on the end.  I met his eye.  He was close enough for me to appreciate the mix of colours there, to see my own reflection.  Maybe I could draw a picture with his iris as the background and a miniature self-portrait captured in his pupil.  I exist there, in his beholding of me.  Perhaps it was why I had felt so lost when I thought he was gone.
Against my back, I felt little warmth from Sherlock.  He took a deep breath.  “Could you stand?”
“They’ve made you hesitate,” he said, his eyes roving over me.  “And you’re not a man deterred by nonsense.”
Sherlock glanced back at me with half-closed eyes and my other hand found its way to his skin as well.
Sherlock was trying to watch my eyes.  I bowed my head and looked up at him from beneath my brows.  My hands were clamped around his forearms.  I had pulled him close enough for his elbows to need to bend.  I dug my thumbs into the tracery of veins at his wrists.  His eyes opened wide with the pain.  I pushed my weight on his arms and he went down on his knees.  I pressed again to keep him there.  He bit his lip to stop from crying out, but his eyes had cleared for a bit.  He had understood.
“I couldn’t impose like that,” John interrupted.
“Have the tea,” he repeated and turned away.
“I have a choice,” Sherlock said and his voice had gone impossibly deep, “and it’s to survive.”
I shifted my gaze to the south.  A similar tower marked the corner there.
Against the back of my eyelids, the darkness turned red.  It faded.  I inhaled the scent of the sea, heard the pattering of pebbles sliding down a sloping bank, tumbling onto the foreshore.  Consciousness dawned.  I rolled away, curled around the dark throb of sensation at my centre and sunk below the horizon.
“Don’t look like that,” he said.  “Who would?”  He came down a couple steps and grabbed my arm.  “Actually, you might have,” he said, “but I think you would have doubted your senses at the time or convinced yourself you had not remembered it aright later.”  He tugged me up the stairs and into the library.  “Have you ever done that?”
“I’m very cold,” Sherlock said.
Not a vulture though.
“You could bring him here,” Mycroft said, “if you wished to keep him.”
John put the cover on the tin.
Aren’t you observant?
“For what?” I asked quietly, peering around us for a glimmer of light.  I found it above, sparkling through the skylight.
“Pretty much.”
Mrs Hudson appeared beaming, with a young woman in tow.  “Doctor Watson, may I introduce Miss Bridget Turner, Mrs Turner’s little sister, who has graciously shared her golden apple recipe with me.”
“Five millennia, give or take a century or two,” Sherlock added in a more conversational voice.
“No, no,” I protested.  “I’ll get the hoover and bring it back.”
“I have keys,” Mr Holmes replied and I heard the smile in his voice.
Maybe.
“Yes,” I said.  “There have been times.”
“And feel beautiful.” I had slid on top of him and kissed at the base of his throat, until the skin had warmed with my attentions.  “And taste beautiful.”
“A second cousin, on our mother’s mother’s side,” Mycroft said.
I stared over my hand at the wide door timbers.  Round depressions and deep gouges marred its beautiful grain.  Long scratches scarred the iron hinge straps, their edges serrated with nicks and dents.
"You haven't been at the Manor long, have you?" she asked.
The music changed tempo and the outer circle rotated.  Those to either side of me turned to face inward.  Half a beat late, I did, too.
I glanced from the window.  Holmes tossed
“I’ll be going back,” Sherlock said as he tucked some rosin into his violin case.  “Puck hasn’t been yet and you were right.”
“But you play it when you come home with the balcony doors open,” Sherlock said.
“I would have come to you, wherever you were,” I said, my whisper more intense than a shout.  “However arduous the journey.  I would have come, because with you was where I most wanted to be.”
“What was your last case here about?”
She looked back and smiled at me.  “Take care with that.  It has quite a kick.”
I glanced towards the far bank.
“Yes,” I said, “I did.”
“Three at least.  Possibly more.”  He held out his hand to me and asked, “Do you dance?”
“You were theorising in advance of the facts.”
The flash was scarlet.
I stopped feeling the cold completely at that point.
I handed it over.
His hands were at the laces of my trainers.  “If you would…” Wiggins said.
His lips parted as he took another step closer and opened his arms wider.
He walked to the desk and sat.
“But there are shelters and social services,” I protested.
"The reason you haven't been able to identify any of the bodies, much less apprehend their executioners, is that the victims did not die here," Sherlock said, walking about the leg and arm.
“It would be a brave cat that drank the fairy’s milk,” Mrs Hudson said and started cutting star shapes from the dough.
Sherlock looked down at me, face lit by the blue glow of his phone.  “I thought you might sleep through the night as well.”
Flying deer?
I drew my knees up under me, caught sight of Sherlock hopping off the balustrade onto the terrace near the windows where we had been sitting.  I stood up, ignored the urge to look down and followed him.  When I jumped down onto the terrace, Mycroft was sailing over the threshold of the centre doors.  Through the side doors, I could see Sherlock standing in the middle of the ballroom, in the middle of our pattern, its lines and curves glowing only faintly about him, its border mere embers that with a crackle threw a few sparks.  Sherlock ignored them.  All his attention was focussed on something at his feet.
I searched my memory.  “This isn’t the time of year for a meteor shower.”
Between the trees, four eyes reflected our torch light.
I sank back in the chair.  “That was the most wonderful meal I have ever had,” I said.  “Does Mrs Hudson do all of this?”
“Does he travel far?  Jet lag really afflicts some people,” I said and spread my serviette on my lap.
“Lestrade is coming over,” he said.
They landed on a rocky plateau.  John slid off Sherlock's back.  The stone was cold beneath his feet, the warmth along his chest quickly dispelled by the damp air.  He shivered.  Feathers swirled past his face in a cool rush of air, tickled his nose, drifted over his shoulders.
“I may have to add a new dance, John,” he said, his voice audible only because he stood so close to me.
My phone vibrated.  I slipped it out of my trousers pocket and read Lestrade’s message.
Despite my fatigue, I took a shower before sleeping.  I did not bother with my toiletries, instead making use of the hand-labelled bottles ranged along the stone counter between the two copper basins in the bathroom.  They were, as I suspected they might be, scented with lavender.
“On the contrary,” I said.  “I recognised it immediately and think I can imagine it under a cold, grey sky.”
Perhaps she was about to say more, but the jingling of bells interrupted our exchange.  Out of the woods to the north, a flock of belled sheep emerged onto the sward.  The lad in their midst with a shepherd’s crook looked familiar.
between bites.
I stopped a few paces into the room.
I did not pause at the entrance to the passage to the music room, but plunged into the blackness, running my left hand along the panelled wall until I found Sherlock waiting at the other end.
Sherlock nodded.
Fucker reached the bottom step, cursing at the boatman, calling him back, still clapping and swaying to the music.
I made no attempt to catch up to them and put on the lead.  It would have been more than ridiculous as they were leading the way and I sensed that Chapalu might object.  Baskerville was walking half a step behind her, bumping into her side every now and again.
“He’s not a very dutiful subject, trying to play them both.  To what end?”  Sherlock darted from one branch to the next, his wings whining like a mosquito’s.  “Why would he want them to quarrel?  Mummy gets positively monstrous when she’s crossed.”
