The plan, such as it was, worked to get them down to the lab levels of Camp Leigh bunker. New security and screening at the entrance to the base had no defense against the futuristic technology Tony had built to change their appearances. Even the shapes of their faces were different, Steve's nose was flatter and his chin more round, weaker. Looking nothing like himself, he sported mossy brown hair, and a dark mustache above the upper lip. His eyes were an unremarkable dull brown, and every time Tony looked into his face he startled, longing to see his regular features.
While Steve lay silent and still, Tony rolled over on his side, turning to Steve and propping his head up on an elbow. He studied Steve's face while Steve let him, not looking away from his study of the night sky. He waited for Tony to make the call, ignoring the rising urge to reach over, to seek the warmth of his body and pull him closer that seemed to always live dormant in his hands.
"What? Why?" Steve's surprised voice echoed in response. He came out of the bathroom a minute later, his Cap costume folded in his hand. He looked good. The dark blue of the jacket highlighted the lighter shade of his eyes.
He'd trusted Obie, maybe even more than he'd trusted his own father. Obie always had a kind word for him, an encouragement to keep applying himself. Max had got in the way of that, evidently, and Obie had his ways of solving problems.
Tony talked fast. "Audition, you know how it is. One of those shows that's coming out: all about the life of Captain America." Guileless was his face. Beside him, he could sense Steve's expression freeze into a polite mask.
"Oh, good. Then you know we'll have to postpone the wedding." Tony talked and walked back into the workshop, leaving the door open for Steve to enter.
"We'll bunk down in the car." Steve nodded to himself, and returned to his silent staring out the window.
When the white receded from his vision, Steve was still on his knees next to him. He was alright, as far as Tony could tell. He yanked the Gauntlet off Tony's hand and after a horrified glance at Tony's right arm, his fingers were on the sides of Tony's face, peering into his eyes. Tony thought Carol held on to the gauntlet for them, and that was okay. Steve's hands on his face were rough, but Tony felt the warmth of them through Steve's fingerless gloves.
"I've got it right here!" Tony cried, and walked over to the vials he had in a complicated looking equipment on the desk in the middle of the workshop. "I've been trying to synthesize an antidote for the past hour. It was those damned bee-keepers from AIM who got it developed. Accidentally dosed myself, like a pro." He shrugged an ironic shoulder. "It's supposed to wear off, but not fast enough!" Tony muttered.
Tony's heart rejected them all, clinging to the sound of Steve's voice, harsh and unrelenting as he said his piece. Like a foolish, fallible organ that it was, his heart clung to the way Steve's eyes tracked his, as if hungry for any glimpse of reciprocal feelings.
"I'm on it," Steve answered briskly, taking the elevator up. The workshop was under their penthouse floor in the Tower.
"Uh. Yeah. Yes, definitely." Tony threw out a peace sign. The desk clerk frowned, so that was probably too much. Grabbing the room key, Tony pulled up a cursory smile and walked out as fast as he dared.
"Go," Steve said, even though the thought of being alone in the dark once again was a gnawing chasm. Steve met Tony's glittering, worried eyes with as much calm certainty as he could imbue in his expression. Looking torn, Tony swallowed and nodded agreement; he moved to leave, turning away.
The promise of something bright and beautiful faded out like the light. Tony's chest ached, but it was a familiar thing, this feeling; and this time he'd engineered it himself rather than having it sprung open like a yawning maw beneath his feet.
With his armor, it didn't take long to make sure the split in the hose was sealed up, and then it was just a matter of pouring about a gallon of water into the coolant tank. By then the dusk turned to true darkness, and the shadows of the trees around them were black shapes against the midnight blue that matched the dark shade of Steve's coat. Tony started the car and listened to the reassuring rumble of the working engine. His patch was holding up well.
After Hulk had stalked off to roar his grief in the nearby forest, and Thor with Clint went back inside the compound, Steve still sat quiet and unmoving by the dock. Tony still stayed with him, next to him, staring out at the lake, lost in his own thoughts. The water shimmered in the sun, but the day felt gray, duller than when they'd left on their mission a little while ago. Despite the warmth of the afternoon, his hands were cold.
He started towards where Steve was idling, in his green military uniform and Aviator shades disguise, when a piercing loud sound of alarm cut through the base. Tony startled and winced, swirling to look about even as the yelling started. "Intruders on base!" and: "Stop right there."
"Boss is my creator," FRIDAY answered simply. A moment later, she added in a thoughtful tone, "However, my recent observation does suggest a chemical influence at work."
"Try to rest, okay. Tomorrow, you'll remember a little more yet. I'll stay with you. I'll be right here when you wake up."
"Right." And somewhere out there, Steve's friend was held captive, tortured and brainwashed for the eventual mission to kill Tony's mom and dad. They'd made this choice once already, not warning their younger selves in 2012 about what was coming for their world, but this felt even more personal. Tony looked at Steve.
This time they brought everything they needed to take with them into the future to the base, the Space stone extracted from the Tesseract and Steve's shield. That last one had bottlenecked them for a while, as they talked through the possible scenarios, such as a large case to sneak it on the base, but in the end it became a part of their cover story.
After a moment's hesitation, Tony scooted over closer to Steve, sliding a careful hand on top of his sternum, in a half embrace. "I wouldn't say no," he whispered, butting his forehead against Steve's cheek, breath hot next to his ear.
Tony's smile turned sardonic. He shrugged for no reason; it wasn't as if he was going to apologize for being incredible. People mostly had one of two reactions to finding out he was who he was, and in the long run this was by far the kinder. He glanced to where Fifi was wagging her tail at him and rolled his eyes.
"There's gotta be another way." Steve insisted. "Rocket said Peter Quill had been able to hold the power stone because he had some sort of special powers, remember?" Yeah, Tony remembered the raccoon's story of how they all held hands and sang kumbaya. But Steve was talking about a super human wielding the gauntlet, and Tony had to nip that in the bud.
"All those tabloids said—" Steve seemed to realize he was admitting to paying attention to the tabloids and fell silent, wringing Buster's leash between his hands in a sheepish manner.
: even the stupid embarrassing stuff that left Tony wide-open and vulnerable. The nine year old who'd wanted to break the rules just to get a chance to be a normal kid.
Tony was distracted enough that Steve yanking him down behind the military truck took him by surprise and he yelped.
"I have some ideas about that." Tony smiled, glad to have a partner in crime who was on the same wavelength. "But sit tight." He studied Cap's figure critically. "Your makeover first."
Steve grunted, but didn't respond, yanking off his Aviator shades and peering out over the hood of the car. Tony joined him immediately. The private who'd been mistaken for one of them was being patted down by another soldier, but from the way the rest of the men were peering about, it was clear they didn't think they had the right guy. More troops were gathering in the courtyard to perform the sweep as the intruder alarm continued to blare. Steve yanked Tony down again, behind the protection of the vehicle and Tony went willingly.
have known, somewhere deep inside, because the emotions that overtook him were mostly sated contentment at being understood.
— but wearing his own black tux with a white dress shirt, and his hair was all messy, as if he'd been running his hands through it and maybe pulling at the strands a bit. All signs of anxious distress. "Steve?" Even his name came out sounding a bit lost. Rhodey wasn't kidding; Tony was in a state.
Tony tapped his arc reactor under the clothes, and made the Iron Man glove briefly cover his hand. Then, he applied the hemostatic agent in small dabs on the cut, sealing it. It looked seamless, blending with his skin, and he wouldn't be leaving blood on the pillows. The armored glove vanished as it had appeared, nanobots slithering back off his skin. At his side, Steve was curious and, Tony hoped, at least a little impressed with the nanotech. Over the last years, aside from a few skirmishes that required Iron Man, Tony hadn't had much opportunity to show his armor off to the team, so Steve wouldn't have had much time to see it in action.
Letting out a shuddering breath of relief that surged up inside him, Steve waited for Tony to wade closer through the tunnel that was only at most two-thirds of his height. It forced Tony to hunch down while he moved along, until he crouched in front of the thick grate that separated the two of them.
Except they weren't shouting to him. Some hapless private was pinned down to one of the walls not even a hundred feet away from them, with at least five guns pointed at his terrified face. They weren't shooting, but they'd clearly mistook him for Steve, even though the only thing the two men had in common was their height and powerful build. The man wasn't even blond.
future. Without meaning to, he was starting to make plans that counted on Steve being around for it.
Steve smiled up at him. Tony glanced away, eyes landing on Steve's dog, sitting patiently on the grass nearby. Admittedly, at least it was well trained. Not enough for Tony to even consider approaching it, of course.
Tony had a similar urge to run his hands over Steve's chest — lightly, just to check, just to make sure — but he forced his thoughts off that subject and on to the brown paper bag in his other hand. This one held a burger and a strawberry milkshake, the only fast food in the vicinity for which he'd been able to scrounge up the cash. He handed both to Steve.
And then, like he didn't know when to hold back a finishing blow, Steve said: "I should have told you before, how much I admire and cherish you."
"They know who Cap is," Steve marveled, in sotto voice. "I knew they had comics and movies all this time, but I just never— I didn't realize how constant it's been." He was slouching, as if to make himself smaller and overwhelming endearment stole Tony's breath for a moment.
Tony thought with an inner eye-roll. They were going to play that game where Steve tried to shift the focus off himself and his problems, as if Tony was dumb as a plank.
"You were always Iron Man," Steve said. "Before you built the suit, you were Iron Man here." He reached out and touched his fingertips lightly to Tony's breast, over the heart.
There wasn't any good way to spin it — they had a big problem on their hands. The security at Camp Leigh was on the highest level, and on top of that SHIELD was looking for them all over the country. Tony could monitor communications with a carefully placed interceptor bug in the phone cable network, so avoiding them was possible, but the commotion he and Steve had caused by stealing the Tesseract left a big impact.
Tony didn't care. He curled his okay arm around Steve's neck and hung on. The other Avengers were talking, saying something, but that instant Tony existed only with Steve, only for him. The kiss went on, open mouthed, their tongues meeting and sliding against each other as lazy, pleasant haze of sensation enveloped what felt like Tony's entire body, pushing aside all else. It was everything Tony had dreamed about, falling asleep next to Steve in the car under the stars, and later, every night they spent together but not
In the silence inside the barn, Steve's breath echoed, loud and harsh, scraping the edges of Tony's nerves. He felt helpless to do anything, so he simply sat next to Steve until the wave of pain crested and passed, and Steve's expression eased a little. His gaze had drifted up to where the wall met the thick beams that held up the roof, where the small openings let through some light.
Steve laughed, a gasp of humour that had felt entirely foreign to him just a little bit ago. "I've loved you for so long," he confessed in a rush, and it was
"I don't want to go back to sleep," Steve murmured, rubbing his cheek against the silky soft pillow. His eyes felt heavy, weighted down, but he fought it. "I don't want to wake up and find out this was all a dream."
Tony was lying on top of the comforter covering Steve in bed, his head raised to look at him with growing concern. Steve pressed back into the mattress, stuck between the horrifying need to throw himself out of bed and find a defensive corner position, and the equally powerful desire to wrap both arms around Tony and clutch him to his heart. The heart that thundered painfully in his chest, now. His limbs felt weak as if he were a newborn kitten.
The memory of it stung Steve's heart, so when the funeral was over, he had already mostly decided. He was going to see Peggy and find out if she'd have him. He was tired. He'd lost too much, maybe, and the image of the future without Nat, without Tony who'd brought hope into his life, was a miserable one.
Everything about the world lurched and paused for a heart-stopping moment. Steve stared into the lively brown eyes of Tony Stark.
The Beatles came on again, with another one of their hits, and Tony huffed. "They are going to break up any day now, you know."
"I'm listening," Steve said, and the belief in his words, his belief in Tony, was as certain as a rock. Tony let it warm him and tried not to dwell on why it filled him with such a glowing sense of relief, and maybe something more. He needed Steve's sense of certainty for what he was about to propose.
Down on the lower levels, it was more touch and go, since aside from Tony's brief visit, they didn't know the layout of the labs very well but didn't want to look like they had no idea where they were headed. He could easily get into any locked area, but identifying the needed subsection was key. Thankfully, Howard Stark was nowhere near New Jersey at the time, staying home with his very pregnant wife. Tony tried not to think too hard about
Steve gave an amused huff. "No, Tony. I did do a few things on my own before I joined the Avengers."
For all the time Tony had spent dwelling on the idea of sharing a hotel room with Steve that night, turning over what it would mean, why exactly it worried him, it didn't come to pass. The first thing he heard upon re-entering their hotel lobby was:
"Okay," he said quietly, striving for normalcy. He tucked his hands under his armpits, trying to fit into a seat that was a bit too small for him. "We should get some rest."
Steve watched him for a moment, then pressed his fingers behind his ear, turning off the image that covered his head. Instantly, familiar blue eyes were looking at Tony and relief crashed over him. Tony turned off his own disguise. Steve smiled back.
Steve tried to study Tony for any sign of being unwell. But no, there was nothing. "Thought you didn't want to see me," he burst out with his own fear.
Pepper put the hand that wasn't holding the dog's leash on her hip, and frowned at him. "Are you going to be difficult?" Her jaw set. The dog turned to Tony and barked once and wagged her curled tail with diabolical joy.
Steve gave a quick laugh, and the sound delighted Tony. His shoulders unwound, he squinted at the screen once more and, aha. There. He finally figured out the configuration of commands they needed, hands flying over the keyboard. The next while passed as he programmed the instructions into the terminal, while Steve added compounds to the loading slots of the machine as directed. Steve put the working vial of Pym particles into one of the open slot and they watched it get sucked into a sort of metal tube. Tony loaded up the program and stepped back.
need this, and always need Steve, but now wasn't the time or place for those feelings. He couldn't promise...anything, really. They didn't let the thing between them take root back in the seventies, not with the unknown future looming ahead, and their mission still wasn't done. There was nothing they
"We have?" Steve mumbled against Tony's chest, just listening to the steady beat of his heart. How beautiful it was, that sound! "We never fought?"
Was he flirting? Tony checked, but if Steve was flirting, it was definitely with the dog because all of his focus was on her. He was smiling at Fifi with a soft besotted look. Tony inwardly groaned. A
"Yeah," Tony answered, still lost in thought, eyes roaming over the large lab. "All this—You know." He paused, winced, started again. "The Apollo 13 launch is tomorrow. I keep thinking: one phone-call is all it would take. An anonymous tip about the oxygen tank."
"Tony," Steve panted, as if he was the one who had the right to surprise. They walked slowly up the stairs to their second-floor room. "I thought I'd make it back before you finished your work."
"But he failed." Steve's brow furrowed. His eyes darkened with the thought of everything they were choosing to ignore in this timeline. This time's Barnes would stay in captivity. Tony's parents here would meet their fate one day.
"Okay," Tony said, biting his lower lip so he wouldn't tear up. "I suppose you are an adult and have a right to make your own bad decisions. Might as well get married then."
wield it? Sorry, buddy, not happening." The thought was abhorrent, even as Tony knew Steve would jump on that grenade with the slightest provocation. "Even if you weren't injured," he threw into the ring, still stung by the way that had happened on a routine get-away. They'd been so close to counting the mission as a win.
No use thinking of the night before, Tony told himself more than once, turning the image inducer prototype over in his hands. He sat at a desk in their new hotel on the outskirts of Philly. Steve was not in the room.
figure that out, yeah," Tony shrugged. "I mean, it's not like I'd be inventing time travel. This one we know works. It might take me a few months. Weeks." He corrected himself, and glanced at Steve with an eyebrow raised. "But."
The man behind the hotel counter motioned at his own cheeks and nodded, as if talking about Tony's facial hair. "Mungo Jerrys?"
"Then why didn't you say anything?" Tony glared, tugging his hand back. "All it would have taken is letting me in on your plan." He wasn't sure they were talking about hustling pool at that point, but it was all the same. Steve talked about doing things together, but push came to shove and this was his default.
He was already walking out of his living quarters to find Tony by the time he answered Rhodey, "If he says so, then he's probably telling the truth?"
"My shield," Steve looked at him with a burning stare. They'd wrapped it up in a cloth and hidden it in a hole in the ground a few miles from the base, intending to pick it up on the way out. It felt wholly out of reach now.
"Right," Steve said, voice dry in a cross between amusement and concern. Brimming with that note that said he knew Tony entirely too well and was incredibly fond of him for some reason that currently escaped him. Tony felt warm all over. Steve added, casual-like, "We should get some rest."
And so, at around seven, as the day's warmth was giving way to the cooler breeze of the April evening, two men walked out of the small hotel that was paid up until morning, intending never to return.
Outside the small hotel, he turned the Manhattan street corner to a shadowed alleyway to find Steve, in his full Captain America regalia, entertaining three young kids with dirty faces. Ten-year-olds from the looks of the lot, and wide-eyed with admiration only Cap could inspire. He was letting them touch his shield. Even in profile, lit up by the bright midday sunshine, Tony could tell the warm regard in his eyes made the kids straighten their shoulders and stand a little taller. They gave Tony distrustful looks and scattered like peas when he approached. Steve gave a quick salute their way, to flashes of childish grins, and turned to Tony. "You got a room?"
Tony said something else from the other side of the grate that led to freedom, but Steve had only heard the noise of the waterfall thundering into the tunnel somewhere behind him. A dam had overflown with the heavy torrential rain and Steve was downstream of it.
, buddy. You wouldn't be you if you just" — he couldn't contain another yawn —"gave up, is all I'm saying."
"I'd mean it too," Tony muttered. "And then I'd frequently remind you that I'm a workaholic, a control freak, who deals with anxiety by building robots on the nights I can't sleep, and the shine'll go off the whole married thing."
"I lost the vials," Steve gasped out instead of answering, not that Tony couldn't see the blood for himself. His mind failed to link up the dark splatters on Steve's military uniform with what he knew to be true. Steve was simply too good not to have anticipated the shots. But Steve was fading before his eyes, the blood loss was making him woozy and he sagged in Tony's arms.
"What—!" Arms flailing, Tony yelled out in surprise and then he was landing in a rolling heap, avoiding injury only through fall-training that was still instinctive. His briefcase thudded to the ground by his side. The moment stretched as he looked up dazed, expecting Steve to follow. Instead of Steve vaulting over the fence after him, he heard gunfire.
Tony scowled, but handed his phone over, because by now he knew Steve wouldn’t have asked if it wasn’t for a purpose, since Steve was literally incapable of being vindictive or selfish, the
The small you would no doubt find it touching. You find it enraging. You’re about to roar when you hear, “Whoa, there big guy!”
“I mean, I’m still feeling thoroughly seduced right now,” said Tony as he carded his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Ten out of ten, didn’t know you had it in you.”
NATASHA smirks then walks away. A moment later she examines what she picked out of GALAGA GUY’s pockets: a quarter, a comb, and a hard candy. She sighs and puts them in her purse, then walks over toward the poker table.
, and Steve and I are, in theory anyway, on a date,” said Colleen. “Although the longer I spend here the more I’m starting to doubt that.”
“And ruin my reputation for being aloof and mysterious?” said Tony, because the only way he knew how to deal with an offer that tempting was to turn it into a joke.
Nothing except the fact she’d apparently been standing directly over a manhole cover the entire fucking time.
They took a picture for posterity, piled into the elevator, then crammed into a car to the movie theater. Steve said nothing and focused on breathing steadily, but he could feel his anxiety building as they got closer to the theater. Once they were in line waiting for the theater to open, he felt Tony nudge his elbow.
“Yeah, Tony, I think they could,” said Steve a little smugly as he continued to carry Tony to the ambulance.
“Yeah?” said Tony, and he meant for it to be light, but there was still a thread of a genuine question there. There probably always would be. But he’d be damned if he let his doubts stop him from having someone he wanted so much.
“Shall I continue to alert you if there’s new public information concerning Mr. Stark’s feelings toward you?”
“That doesn’t have to be the main reason!” said Tony. “We can get a cat because it’s… I dunno. Do we have mice? We can get mice for the cat to eat. And by a happy coincidence, we’ve had enough proximity to cats to decide we don’t have to watch a musical about them.”
“But that’s the best part of karaoke,” said Bruce knowingly as he picked up a mic. “It’s not about how well you can sing. It’s about channeling your inner diva so well that it
None. Jesus, just look at her. And then read her biographies. This woman chewed through Hydra agents like they were Double Mint gum.
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark - Chapters: 2 - Words: 764- Reviews: 4 - Favs: 0 - Follows: 3 - Updated: March 20, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
“Steve, listen,” Tony said carefully. “I’ve been thinking a lot since, uh… since everything. And I realized, at the end of the day, we were under a magic spell. I know that anything we did needs to be seen through that lens.”
,” said Steve. “And didn’t you read all of Doug’s books when Pepper told you who you were coming with? Why’d you let him talk at you like you were some kind of wide-eyed undergrad?”
Dteve looked sick butt he said, “Loki is my… ex-boyfriend. That is what he is. We used to… to date. Romantically date. Me and Loki, dating romantically. But we don’t anymore. But that’s why you saw the tattoo on his back. Because he got it when we were… dating. Romantically. Because that is a thing that happened, between me and… and Loki. The mass-murderer who almost took over the world. But it isn’t happening anymore because I’m dating Tony now, apparently.” sad Steve all sad.
“It does if you’re egomaniacal and evil,” says Bruce. “I mean, she could’ve meant something else, but to me that sounds like her stroking her own ego with a hint she thinks we’re too stupid to get.”
“There’s plenty more guards outside the door, so don’t bother getting any ideas,” said Hammer as he pocketed Tony’s comms. “These little communicators are so darn
Steve shuddered at the thought of Tony in danger twenty floors below, but trusted him and Nat to watch each other’s backs. Squaring his shoulders, he pushed the mop and bucket across the room, glancing around him as he did. The floor was empty except for a few stragglers finishing up the day in their cubicles. It looked like most people had already gone down to the party.
They searched over fridges and over TVs. They searched at the top of Clint's grickle-grack trees. They searched in the vents hidden over the ceiling. They searched through the cookie jars Clint had been stealing.
“When isn’t there?” said Natasha. Then she turned to Tony and said, “I’m about to go get Steve. This is your last chance to tell me your side of whatever just happened.”
If you can give blood you should (regularly if you can swing it). You'd be part of the "A" Steve tries to stand for, and Tony would give you a fist bump then crack a joke about the free juice box.
“Doesn’t matter, they’re eating it up,” said Natasha, and Clint saw her kneel down and start unscrewing the vent cover from the wall.
“Well, Tiffany, I don’t do that unless we’re really good friends first, so maybe we should just enjoy the art today,” said Steve.
“Steve, you’re the kind of guy anyone would take home to mom, and you’ve got the body of a god to boot. Pretty sure I couldn’t have pity sex with you if I
“I’m with Tony on this one. Anybody can swing a hammer, but figuring out vegetarian chili that doesn’t taste like sad beans in sad bean water is like finding El Dorado in the vegetarian world. The fact that it’s vegan makes it even more unbelievable.” — Bruce
Steve immediately started coughing like he was choking on his own spit. And that immediately triggered Tony’s conscience reflex, which he stifled in the only way he knew how.
“Do you want to know what I love about you, Justin?” said Tony Stark’s voice on the other end of the line. “You’re not just unimaginative. You’re
“Steve, I was serious in the elevator when I said A for effort. I could probably pull the camera feed and get you an Oscar for your performance. God knows I’ve still got some pull at the Academy, Meryl Streep owes me one at least.”
“Oh hi, asshole Steve, glad to see you’re here too. Could you go get the Steve that actually listens to me, because I just said I wanted to go see the rest of the play.”
Tony looked at the floor and fiddled with the empty coffee cup. “I know your frame of reference is a bit skewed, but I live kind of an unusual life, Steve. And I want to do unusual things with the rest of it. My likelihood of finding forever with
“If you had to sneak something into Avengers tower, would you do it under the noses of the trained spies?” asks Clint. “Maybe it’s just my ego showing here, but I think Nat and I are probably the least likely to have something snuck into our pockets and the most likely to notice if something shows up on our floor that isn’t supposed to be there.”
“Sorry, ladies, can’t do any of da new-fangled self-photographs. Got a babe I’m sweet on, and I don’t want no jealousy, if ya know what I mean.  Bada-bing.”
Tony honestly did not remember making the conscious choice to get in his backup suit. It didn’t register to him as a choice he was making until it was already assembled around him and he was standing on the take-off pad just outside the lab with coordinates for
“Howard Stark was a prick with an inferiority complex who couldn’t accept he was less brilliant than his son and less good than Steve Rogers, and he took it out on the one of you that wasn’t buried in the arctic,” said Pepper, and there was
“There is a charm on mjölnir laid by the All-Father, ensuring only the worthy may wield it,” says Thor. “It is very limited, as it only concerns the hammer, but also very powerful, which is why you can feel the sensation of magic when you touch it. Whatever artifact is maintaining the spell on our home is both very powerful
“I would never disgrace your names with my shame. And I will never regret the time I have spent fighting by your side,” he said.
“I mean, it’s a Tingler. It could be in his butt,” says Tony. “I’m sure he’d let Bruce search him for it.”
Bruce pulled himself into a sitting position and blinked at the three blobs outlined in the bright lights of the elevator. One leaned down and put a pair of glasses on his face, and the forms of Steve, Tony and Nat came into sharp focus. Nat also pressed a tee shirt into his hand.
But Steve couldn’t deny the evidence in front of his eyes. Tony was giving 0 indication that he, in any way, felt the same way about Steve. And so Steve just kept coming back to the lab, and so what if it killed him a little every time he left? So what if he spotted a headline that Stark Enterprises was launching an initiative to encourage blood donation, with a picture of Tony himself donating, and Steve felt like he’d overflow with an L-word he wasn’t ready to think aloud to himself yet? Steve was responsible for his own feelings, and he’d figure this mess out somehow. Because the alternative - breaking off his friendship with Tony so he could move on - was too horrible to contemplate.
“Pause it, JARVIS,” said Tony as he rolled out from under the 1920’s Rolls Royce he was working on and sat up. His black tank top and jeans were half covered in grease, and he was clearly up to his elbows in whatever he was doing to the Rolls. Steve couldn’t recall if he’d ever found this look attractive on anyone else, but on Tony it was damn near close to lingerie.
Tony dug his hands deep into his pockets to try and get some warmth back into them when he felt his phone there, still completely busted. As badly as he didn’t want to see or talk to anyone right now, he knew in his heart of hearts he should probably call Rhodey. Rhodey would know what to do about this whole clusterfuck with Steve, or at the very least he’d provide acceptable commiseration about it, and right now Tony needed whatever he could get. So he ducked into a Best Buy, picked out a fairly basic Starkphone, and took it to the checkout counter.
Also, cellulose is pretty much pure fiber, and is the main component in all those "stir this into your drink to get more regular!" supplements. Adding more fiber to someone's food probably won't kill anyone and for the most part makes it healthier, but fiber intake impacts gastrointestinal function, usually for the better but sometimes unpleasantly. So I would not recommend this prank.
THOR walks over half-carrying ARNIM ZOLA (60s, brilliant, snivelling, evil) and throws him at their feet.
Also, CW for some of the shittier pieces of American history, including the eugenics movement, Jim Crow, and all-American nazis.
“Pretty sure you’re in no position to judge the tackiness of Steve’s glasses, with the sunglasses you wear Tony,” said Clint from his position outside the front of the building in a disguise so perfect he was functionally invisible.
“Hey, it worked out for me in the end, remember? But number thirteen on the list is trying a bunch of sweets around the city. That’s textbook date material.”
“No,” said Tony. “Uncharted territory. Closest thing we’ve done is sharing stories about socks and ice cream trucks.”
Steve had had this conversation more times than he could count and he was wearily getting ready to have it again when he felt Tony tap him on the shoulder.
He could start with the fact that by Steve’s own admission, he was very, very new to the not-straight world. He needed to be supported and encouraged, not climbed like a tree by an old lech like Tony. Steve hadn’t even dated anyone since at least the 40’s. There was a whole new world of people to form personal connections with; he couldn’t make an informed choice just hanging out with the five of them in the tower all the time. Hell, if he was going to find someone he liked well enough to kiss on New Year’s Eve, he should probably start looking now. Tony could help him with that. And the original main tentpole was still standing, if less strong than it had been. He and Steve getting together and breaking up would invite instability and danger. It was just too risky.
Not the curry, idiot, the fact we’re all stuck here because the wicked witch of Asgard dropped our own house on us!
“We need you to be anxious, actually,” said Natasha with a wry grin. “For your part in this heist, we need you to be yourself.”
Steve looked around and saw Bruce was right. Half the people in line had their phones pointed at them, but they were also looking really, really frustrated.
Steve felt his heart sink. He knew it was a coincidence, but one item on the list today had been hard enough. Two would be torture.
“The lightning, it knocked out—” The guard (whose name tag said “José”) looked around at Bruce and the tech, and he said, “Please, this’ll just take a second.”
And Tony swore internally, because the damned filter on his mouth was supposed to catch things like that. But Steve always did have a way of getting Tony to talk around his filter.
“But…” said Steve. And for a moment, it looked like Steve might explode with whatever he was about to say. But eventually he pressed his lips together, exhaled, stared at the ground with a resigned look. Tony had thought he’d lost his nerve until Steve muttered, “But you need to stop setting me up on dates.”
He’s got a surprising number of outfits in this movie. Some are great, some are not so great, so a nice, round 5 feels appropriate.
“Its ok” is aid while I frenched him (Tony & Steve sounded all jelos & disgusted) “Come on lets go to the concert!”
“So, I know if this were me, you’d wait me out in silence until I told you what was up. But also, I literally cannot be quiet that long. So instead, I’m going to lob theories at you until you confirm one is right.”
Pictured: Jorunna Parva, a.k.a. a “sea bunny,” being cuter than anyone in this room could ever hope to be
The elevator opened, and Tony took a step toward it. Then another. Then another. And when he was inside he chanced a look at Steve and— Tony had been through torture. This was worse.
“Nah. Thor sends his apologies, though. He wanted to be back from Asgard in time for movie night but there’s some extra bullshit with his brother going on.”
“My point is, there’s only four kinds of people who would have a job like yours. An idiot who doesn’t know what they’re dealing with, which we’ve already established you’re not. A sociopath who doesn’t care, which we’ve also established you’re not…”
“Faith. I’m never going to stop being an atheist. If you can’t live with that or if you decide it’s your life mission to show me the light, this relationship is over.”
think he knows what’s inside. I’m going to let Hammer’s security almost catch me as I’m running out the door and drop the case behind me. While they’re all focused on that and milling around the vault downstairs, Clint is gonna sneak his way up to the top floor and break into the other safe while it’s un-watched.”
“We’re beefing up security at Avengers Tower,” said Tony. “We’re definitely going to be hiring a few new security guards.”
José reached for his walkie-talkie and said, “New orders from Hammer. Meet us on the second floor, we’re moving the intruders.”
“Yeah, it happens like that sometimes, Steve,” said Tony propping himself up on his elbow, “You love each other to the moon and back, but you want different things.”
“What’s that?” said Dream Steve with that small smile he only gave when Tony was being a pain in the ass.
Steve's right, by the way - you go to the Cloisters for the ambiance and the absolutely gorgeous courtyards, so even if you don't much go for medieval Christian art it's absolutely worth the trek. And if you take the subway to get there, you also get a lovely stroll through Fort Tryon park on your way there out of the deal.
it has to be you, Rogers. One of the suspected Hydra agents we’re tailing walked into the main building fifteen minutes ago with a briefcase and walked out without it. Infrared says the building’s empty, intelligence says it’s probably not a bomb, you’re closest, and I want that damn briefcase.”
They walked into the dark room, which was only lit by a floor to ceiling window facing Times Square.
“I know to the rest of you it looks like it’s fun to design quinjets while half-drunk with exhaustion, but sometimes it’s really painful, existing with a brain like this. I don’t want to risk passing that on to someone else, least of all my own kid. As for whether I want to have kids at all, the jury’s still out. If you’d asked me two years ago I’d’ve said not a chance in hell but sometimes I look at you and I think, maybe. Maybe with you.”
Tony was wearing a wig, a full face of makeup, a corset, fishnets, and glittery, strappy black heels. And Steve immediately got the deepest blush of his entire life not only because Tony was looking like
” said Tony, just before he coughed another bundle of petals into his hand. Steve crossed the small hallway and rubbed Tony’s back, waiting for him to finish, and he had his goddamn handkerchief ready for Tony when he was done, because of fucking
And Tony might not have been a sports guy but he was a fantastic guy to watch baseball with. He knew when to shut up and play with his phone when the bases were loaded and there was a full count, and he knew how to fill all of baseball’s natural spaces between plays and innings with running commentary on… well, everything. There was definitely some weird tension going on with Colleen and Doug, but hey, nobody had asked if they could stick their dick in Steve’s shoe yet, which made this date orders of magnitude better than his last one.
“Yeah, I can do it,” said Tony, because at the end of the day they may not be dating, but he really would do anything for this woman.
The New York Aquarium still has large chunks of itself under construction since it was hit pretty badly by hurricane Sandy (back in 2013 very little except the main building was open), but if you like aquariums it's a nice day out. Plus you can walk the board walk after and make a Coney Island day trip of it. Personally I recommend stopping by Rita's Water Ice and getting a gelati while you're there.
EDIT: I've since become aware that one of the genres represented in this chapter isn't as well known as I thought and googling it returns not very useful results. So when one of the characters names it, I've added a link to a clarifying article in the Guardian, which covers it in the first 2 paragraphs and the article picture (you can ignore the rest of the article), and isn't necessary to read if you're already familiar.
“If Enchantress managed to find an encyclopedia current enough for a Chuck Tingle page, she deserves to keep us trapped for a bit,” says Tony.
“Did you really have to promise not to make scans of the documents or tip off the police about them?” asked Steve over the comms.
The last time he’d been to a baseball game, he and Bucky had saved their pennies and nickels for a whole
Natasha chuckled a bit and said, “C’mon. If the universe stays in place after we’ve left it, we can go back to the Hot Topic and find something less terrible to wear. They’ve got to have band tee shirts and jeans, right?”
And for the second time, Tony felt like he’d been slapped, because that wasn’t how this was supposed to work either. Tony was being the turd in the punch bowl here, bringing his issues into a fun night out. But there was Steve, making this all sound like he was being insecure or whatever, which— why was he telling Tony that? Anything personal Tony knew about Steve was stuff Tony had pressed out of him, because Tony was fundamentally an asshole. But he hadn’t pressed this time. Was this
Steve debated saying something, but Tony was already in his zone. At best Steve could expect grunts or one-word replies until he was done with whatever he was working on. So Steve turned and left the lab.
he makes the shot at the ventilation security wire. And he’s good, but getting in when they’re specifically looking for him is a hell of a lot harder than getting in when they’re not,” said Tony.
find me. Either that or I’m getting out of here myself. You’d better hope it’s the team that’s coming, because that way, there’s witnesses to make us feel guilty enough not to turn you into a shish ke-Bob”
NATASHA reaches to casually touch the tallest stack of chips, which is the one in front of the STRANGER. The STRANGER catches her wrist roughly. There’s a flicker of violence behind NATASHA’s eyes.
“You got all that?” asked Justin. “I can run late to the meeting with the Sokovians if we need to do another take.”
Steve’s breathing was hard and his voice was wrecked, but he managed to get out, “Do you really want to take my virginity in the New York Aquarium?”
“I mean it!” said Tony. “Think about it for a sec. The entire human race has these extra sensitive giblets and all we wanna do is mash’em together. Sometimes we even mash’em in each other’s faces! Or in each other’s butts! That’s hilarious!”
“I honestly haven’t the faintest idea,” said Hammer. “Are you looking for a new facility to base the Avengers in? I know Stark Tower has some serious limitations, as does StarkTech. We’d be delighted to partner with the Avengers in their future endeavors. I could probably convert a few office floors into living quarters if you like.”
“I apologize, I shall alter my subroutines to be more direct: You set yourself on fire because you have not showered or slept in far too long, and you have no one to blame but yourself.”
“See! THIS is a proper choose-your-own-adventure!” says Tony with a smile. “Steve, since you came out of the elevator first, you’re the star. Try saying, ‘EXAMINE SNACK BAR’.”
He and Steve had reached a sort of equilibrium. A place where instead of fighting, they could talk about the things that bothered them and, if they were feeling particularly maudlin, maybe even cry a little about them. And of course now that Tony’s brain wasn’t swimming in a chemical vat of complicated emotions and the onslaught of sensation that was Steve’s scent and his warmth and his breath and… well, now Tony was back in his lab, all he could feel was the mortification of hindsight that he’d actually been crying hard enough in public for a co-worker to give him a hug. Ok,
“Mmmm,” said Tony through a grin. He was warm and sore (?) the smell of Steve was all around him (aftershave, leather, and just a touch of apples). This was his favorite dream.
“Tony, I know you’re really excited about another genius coming to live with us, but if I put off what I came down here to say any longer I’m going to lose my nerve. And I really don’t want that to happen,” said Steve.
Don't forget kids - it's NEVER too late to say "no." Even if you said yes before. Even if it makes a scene.
Now that Tony was facing Pepper directly, he got a good look at her for the first time that day. On top of being angry, she was stressed out. Anxious. Clearly a lot was riding on this deal, and she needed him to come through here.
CLINT and THOR have made a proper mess searching through the desk and shelves of the small JAILHOUSE. There are two cells, one empty and one with a lump of blankets in the corner, with a dirty bare foot sticking out and an occasional snore escaping as a DRUNK (40s, permanently drunk, mercurial, petty) sleeps beneath. Behind the desk is a bulletin board with various wanted posters on it with recognizable bad guy faces from the AVENGERS’s past, including one for IVAN PETROVICH offering a $1,000 award, and one for AMORA ENCHANTRESS, offering a $10,000 award.
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Steve breathlessly. “How… but it’s a spiral! How does it stay up?”
Whatever, Tony could grieve sober. It’d hurt worse, but he could do it. What he couldn’t do is go back out there to a world where Steve was hurting because he thought Tony didn’t love him. Where Steve looked at Tony with that pained longing he’d seen as the elevator doors closed. It was already haunting his dreams, he couldn’t let it haunt his waking moments too. He wasn’t strong enough. He’d break. And Tony couldn’t break. He wouldn’t.
"But, then I thought: why do we have to reinvent the wheel? Hank moved his stuff out of his own lab, but he didn't remove the rest of SHIELD equipment."
Then the temptation was suddenly over in lurch of movement, as Tony pulled back away in one swift move, and sat up.
Steve looked at the vial, then he looked at Tony. "If you say it's a truth serum, it's a truth serum. But Tony, there's no need to postpone the wedding. The others will not pry—You know, you don't have to roll your eyes. If they do they'll regret it immediately. And you know— you
a dream, or reality, Steve was never letting another moment pass him by. He was always too late, always missing his chance, especially with this man. Not anymore. Steve chased after Tony's mouth, flung himself at him, and then they kissed. Tony sighed soft acceptance against his lips, the tender embrace he had around Steve growing tighter. It was paradise. Steve had a stray thought that maybe he was down for the count. Maybe he'd died, and this was his reward. It wasn't a bad trade. He shut his eyes and gave himself over to the kiss, not questioning anything for a moment, just existing.
. I don't know if he's getting cold feet," — the unease inside Steve's heart sharpened into a knife —"at first he wouldn't talk to me at all, and
"Fuck, I'm not arguing about this now." Tony made his decision. He wrapped an arm around Steve's torso again — now that he knew Steve was injured, he could feel that any movement jarred the wound and made Steve bite back groans of pain. Tony bent to put his other arm under Steve's knees, picking him up.
Even now, Steve seemed to be hovering on the edge of wakefulness as the serum worked its magic. He appeared stable, breathing shallowly, but evenly as he rested. At least it looked that way; Tony was a mechanic, not a doctor. Faced with a wounded friend, he was left to wring his hands and picture the worst possible outcomes.
Tony stared at him. He had nothing to say to that. The excuses he had built up of it all being in friendship were thin on the ground.
And if they threw glances at each other along the way, and Tony asked if Steve liked art, because he had paint smudges on his shirt, and Tony asked if Steve liked comics because the journals he'd carried had distinctive covers, and Tony only knew because he'd read his fair share, and if Tony kept talking and Steve didn't look to mind one bit, and even maybe enjoyed it, well. Tony knew a good thing when it tried to sweep him off his feet.
"Tony..." Steve whispered in an entreating manner. "We don't know whether we'll be able to get more."
Steve's eyes were almost unbearably intense, but oddly Tony didn't want to look away anymore, he didn't want to hide. Even though the confession was vastly embarrassing on some level, a part of him wanted Steve to hear it, this little secret of his younger, less-cynical self. He wanted Steve to know, because he wanted Steve to know
"I thought about switching these," Tony spoke suddenly. He looked over at Steve who had a careful expression on his face. "But no more lies between us." Tony looked back down at the duplicate of the original, then at Steve's outstretched hand. "It'll work." He handed him the vial that Steve asked for.
" His eyes locked with Steve's. "So much! I have no doubts of that. I'm sure. And there's nothing I'd like better than to be married to you. But then I think about what's right, what would be good for
For a little while they just lay there on their backs next to one another, unheeding even of the mild drizzle that pelted them from above. Steve's right leg ached as if bruised, but it wasn't a bad kind of pain. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve could see the reassuring rise and fall of Tony's chest. The summer air was warm, and feeling was returning to every part of his body, bit by bit. His lips tingled.
"Nothing I want more," Tony blurted out and winced at how earnest it came out. "So. Uh. Rhodey told you?"
Tony's eyes fell on the empty bed in the room, the one where the covers still vaguely recalled the press of Steve's body on them. After some time resting, the man had rolled his long legs off the bed, rising, and said he had to get out, had to clear his head. He'd been cooped up for days and was understandably ready to climb walls, so besides telling him to be safe, Tony didn't protest.
"And if it doesn't?" Tony asked quietly. He wasn't given to doubting himself, but this was Steve's life on the line.
"Yeah, yeah." Tony handed him the bag. Steve was in the bathroom, changing, in a flash. The second-hand store Tony had found in the neighbourhood had carried a midnight blue nylon work jacket, a white crew neck shirt and grey pants in Steve's size, and though Tony had been tempted to bring him back some ridiculous bright knitwear, their shared goal was too serious to mess around with, and he couldn't spare their limited funds on a joke. So Tony got him something less hipster, more Steve McQueen. Waiting for him to change, Tony thought back to the clerk downstairs. "We gotta leave," he called through the closed bathroom door, staring at his untouched bed with some measure of longing.
"Good boy," Tony murmured and withdrew, curling his fingers against his chest as if to calm the rapid beat of his heart.
"You know that there isn't anything you can't tell me, right?" Steve assured, hoping to set him at ease.
Startled, he felt Tony's hands rub up and down his arms, briskly, as if that would warm Steve up, before he evidently gave that up as useless. The water was too cold and there was too much of it. With a frustrated snarl, Tony kicked at the grate with his foot, but it failed to budge as before and only made him wince. "You gotta stay awake, okay?" Tony yelled at him, above the noisy gurgling of water. His hands were suddenly cupping Steve's face, gentle at odds with the audible anger in his voice. Cold bare fingers pressed against Steve's skin. Why wasn't he in his suit?
The wind seemed to go out of Steve's sails. "I should have told you my plan," he said. "I'm just really," — he rubbed his face — "
"So, it's okay for you to talk about sending me back on my own, huh? But you don't like it when it's your turn." Tony looked at him significantly. The warm relief at the way Steve had refused came swift. Even though he didn't want to admit it, the thought of Steve easily leaving him behind had been distressing for a number of reasons.
Morgan was too young to remember the times Steve had come by before, always with a business reason and always gazing at Tony and his daughter with a wistful longing that made Tony's breath catch. The first time Steve had seen Morgan, barely a month old then, he'd gotten choked up, and Tony remembered him stumbling through congratulations with a hushed sort of reverence. Steve kept looking between Tony and the tiny human baby snug in a blanket in his arms, as if he was trying to find similarities. It had been the first time in a long while that Tony had found himself smiling at Steve, happy to see him. In his memories, those moments had been joy and terror, because he had a baby, he had a
Steve took a shaky breath. "Okay. There's a lot left to do, we should focus on that, you don't need this right now." Steve offered him that escape, but his eyes were searching Tony's face, as if asking to be proven wrong, to be heard and understood and
Steve gave a sigh and a unsteady smile, just a barely-there curl of lips. "Okay, fine. You win," he said softly, the grip of his fingers on Tony's wrist slackening. "We stay together."
He hadn't so much slept as fallen unconscious, the exhaustion from the past week or more finally catching up with him. In the morning he'd realized Steve intended that to happen, tricking him in his own quiet way. Tony couldn't even be mad at him; he'd slept better than he had in years.
Tony found himself moving forward, heartbeat loud in his ears, and then he was pressing his forehead to Steve's. His eyes slid shut. This was a terrible idea. The urge to kiss Steve was still there. He'd known from the start that being close to Steve all the time wasn't going to be consequences free, and now, tearing himself away seemed an impossible feat of strength far beyond him. For a moment, they stayed like that, silent breaths mixing.
Tony didn't know what to make of Steve's dreamy look; it scared him. He hoped Steve wasn't feverish. Tony wanted a hotel with a good shower, somewhere clean to check on Steve's wound. "Once you're a little more stable, I'll take us to the nearest city and talk to an ATM, see if I can convince it to spit out some money." This century was frustrating with its reliance on paper documentation and face-to-face interactions, all the things Tony couldn't hack.
Although the convenience of punching the information out of Zola became more and more appealing the longer Tony studied the instruction set on the machine, scrolling through section by section. When he briefly glanced over the shoulder, he saw Steve had found a metal chair and was kicked back, leaning only on the chair's hind legs, his feet up on one of the wooden desks. He was between Tony and the door and seemed perfectly content to perform guard duty while he waited.
The next thing Steve became aware of, was a contusion against his head, slowly grasping he'd tumbled over in the water. With the grate out of the way, no longer keeping him pinned down in place, the running water bowled him over and carried him a few feet. He'd struck the concrete side-wall with the side of his head, which jerked him out of his stupor enough to try to get his bearings. Underwater, everything was black; he shut his burning eyes and tried to navigate simply by feel, grasping at the walls of the tunnel to guide him.
"If you don't let me get a doctor, sweetheart, you should rest a bit. Lie down, huh." He eased Steve back down to the pillows of the large king bed. It was true, he was exhausted and still weak. The pounding in his head had been there in the background, but at the reminder the pulsing pain crested in full force, and Steve groaned.
His mind did not have the familiar barrier to throw up against the sudden swooping urge to touch back. To run his fingers down Steve's broad back, all that glorious silky skin. His breath stuttered, fantasies springing up unbidden, how they could be with each other. Steve's hands sliding down his body, far less innocuous than a touch on an elbow or a shoulder. Tony sunk deeper into the reclined seat, body going boneless, as the voices in his head had suddenly hushed and stilled, subservient to the hunger he'd thought forgotten. Aching for the touch that was needed, that was welcome. Heat started to pool in his stomach and their eyes were still locked. Steve bit his own lower lip and Tony held back a noise. Steve was dangerous in a completely different way. He was dangerous to Tony.
"No, I'm good." Steve shifted and tried to look more alert. "I just—" He yawned. "Sorry." Carefully, he rolled more to one side and nodded at Tony to continue. "What were you saying?" he entreated.
"Now up, up, up! We need to go see if anyone else needs our help." He climbed to his feet with obvious effort, then offered his hand to Steve to help him rise. Wiggled his fingers when Steve just stared at them, shocked to have the flirtation yanked away from him so completely.
Tony's own image projection was less of a change: he'd lost the beard, and his hair was darker and longer, curling at the nape, his eyes blue. Steve had teased him about the most high-tech way to avoid shaving, but whatever — it worked, and they got on the base as two SHIELD agents, both wearing sharp dark suits they bought with the money Steve had won at pool the night before.
Tony gave his point the long consideration it deserved. "Sure did." He bit his lower lip, eyes running over Steve's face and especially his mouth, considering. "You, uh, wanna do something else?"
A sharp lift of a perfect eyebrow. "Remember how you owe me for those pictures that I made go away—"
. He was okay with the idea of all those other memories being a dream, if only everyone was okay, and Tony was alive. His eyes fell on the letters on Tony's Led Zeppelin shirt he'd noticed earlier — besides, you couldn't read within a dream.
"We can turn off the image inducers," Tony said, clenching and releasing his fist on the side, to keep anxiety at bay.
"Steve," Tony put a hand over Steve's palm on his shoulder, squeezing warmly. "You're at home. You're safe. You took a real hard knock to the head." Tony frowned. "Much worse than we realized. You woke up a few hours ago, very confused, but it seemed like you figured out what's what eventually. Now you're
Nat is gone! How am I supposed to keep— keep..." He didn't go on for a moment, too choked up to speak. Instead, Steve covered his face with his hands. His voice came muffled. "Moving." He rubbed his face once, getting rid of the remaining tears and looked up meeting Tony's eyes. Steve's eyes looked tired, like everything was getting to be too much for him, this life, these years of living in the world that had been broken, and having only a few people to anchor him. Tony didn't have the answers for him. He didn't know how they'd go on without Nat, but he knew they still had work to do. He needed Steve to hold it together.
As soon as the shots rang out, Tony knew on the level of instinct how Steve would react. He would move to avoid casualties and to protect their prize. Steve's preternatural reaction times were fast enough to fling himself out of the way of bullets. Tony himself was already in the process of letting his armor envelop his body. The time for secrecy was past, he had to get him and Steve out of here or risk casualties. The alarm sound grew distant as the armor slid seamlessly around his head, and he felt a sense of control returning. His elbows and knees smarted from the fall, but the exhilaration of being in the armor made the pinpricks of pain seem distant.
“With windows this big and no curtains? And an entire crowd of people who could take a creep shot of us? Pepper would kill me.”
I simply cannot believe that the Midgardian season of Fall is already upon us! Why, it seems only yesterday I was partaking in the Spring fertility festival of Easter with my beloved Jane and her family in the great city of Ann Arbor!
“Oh none taken. Steve’s my favorite too,” said Rhodey as he took another cup. He took a sip of his frozen hot chocolate straight from Serendipity, savored it for a second, and said, “Although Bruce did bring rainbow bagels to that joint Army-Avengers meeting last Fall.”
“I dunno, he sounds pretty good to me, what do you all think?” said Tony in lieu of the sung response. Which, of course, got everyone to cheer again.
“You want to sleep with me so I don’t feel bad about myself. What about that doesn’t sound like pity sex to you?”
Steve looked around. The room was full of Picassos, Warhols, Eschers and the occasional Calder. Steve couldn’t have picked a better collection for Howard if he’d tried.
"I know our mistake," said the one who's called Tony, "We have to remember that Clint is alone-y. And if we all miss him as much as we do, then maybe, just maybe, he misses us too." "And what would Clint do?" Tony said with a smile, "If he had been missing us all of the while? He'd look for us downwards, and he would search low. So we should be searching as low as can go."
The second Hammer rushed out of the room, Tony turned to Natasha and gave her a knowing look, and started to mentally count to three.
“Ugh, you and your commitment to public transportation,” said Tony, and Steve could hear the eyeroll. “Fine, I’ll just wait in my tower, awaiting my promised ‘I was right’ keychain.”
“Unclear, stand by. Why are you waiting in the dark? Scratch that, why didn’t you walk out earlier like we’d planned? Are you injured?”
“Where’s the damn switch? Actually, forget it, no time,” said Tony, as he stopped fumbling along the wall and rapidly unbuttoned his dress shirt to expose the arc reactor. “We need to get out of here before Hammer catches the scent.”
This situation would ordinarily call for a long string of colorful expletives, but when Tony inhaled to start shouting them he got a lungful of CO2 and immediately started coughing. He sat up abruptly from the workbench his face had been planted on and tried to bat the extinguisher out of his face, but he didn’t account for the stool he’d been sitting on, which promptly tipped backward, taking him down to the floor with it.
“Oh thank God,” says Tony, throwing up his hands, “If we had to do one more layer of choose-your-own-adventure searching for Bruce in his own damn suite, I was going to get the suit and level the place till we found him.”
Steve closed the book, put it on the empty seat next to him, leaned his head against the wall, and let himself cry. He cried for what he’d had, for what he’d wanted to have, for what he’d never have. He cried for the home he thought he’d built with Tony as one of its cornerstones. And he cried because he missed Tony so much it was hard to breathe.
“You’re not obligated to pretend you aren’t angry with me just because I had a panic attack,” said Tony.
“Yes, if you were a sufficiently powerful sorcerer,” says Thor. “However, it would be very, very difficult, since you would be fighting water’s natural properties. It would make more sense to use almost anything else. Why do you ask?”
“Ok normally I’d blame the 40’s for this, but Fury literally made us watch that godawful sexual harassment video last week. Did you fall asleep? I’d understand if you fell asleep, it was a pretty crap video. Actually wait, no I wouldn’t, you never sleep, Rogers. You’re like a 6’5” Energizer bunny.”
They’d just come back from the Halloween parade and they were sitting next to each other at the kitchen island, eating reheated Thai food. Steve’s costume was in a heap on the table next to him, although the plastic mask was pulled up on his forehead. Tony was still in his costume, minus the helmet which was somewhere in the living room upstairs. And he was glaring at his phone and continually refreshing a webpage displayed on it.
“Biromantic, demisexual,” said Steve as he pointed to each one, then he let his shirt shift back into place. “At least, that’s what fits best right now. I only learned these words yesterday. JARVIS was really helpful.”
Like all chili recipes, it is easy to swap out an ingredient here or there and still get a delicious and hearty meal, but one thing I’ve learned is that if one intends to keep it vegan, DO NOT SUBSTITUTE THE COCOA POWDER!
I know, Tony. My brain is screaming at me to tell you how much I want to kiss your stupid fat mouth, but we need to push through this.
. He missed going out to dinner with him and making fun of him and sitting next to him at shows and poetry slams. He wanted to laugh at his jokes and hold him when he was upset and… maybe also when he wasn’t upset. And…
You turn back toward the small box of slides, but suddenly, you feel strong arms grabbing you and pulling you away, forcing you out of the lab. If you hadn’t been awake for thirty-two hours, you probably could’ve told Steve to get the hell off before this got messy. But you’re sleep deprived and annoyed, and when you start to feel the other guy taking over, you don’t have it in you to fight it.
“Ok,” said Tony warily. He wasn’t sure where this was going but his asshole-senses told him it was nowhere good.
NATASHA is sitting at the poker table in front of a mountain of poker chips, as well as both ODIN’s and PHILLIPS’s clothes (they’re both in their long johns). IVAN has a small stack of chips in front of him. GALAGA GUY is now at the bar chatting with HAPPY in an undertone, and both are watching the poker game with unease. The hooting of an owl is still audible, and NATASHA looked up slightly when she heard it, and quirked the corner of her mouth into a small smile.
The weather outside was that wonderful combination of rainy enough to soak through any coat, windy enough to make all umbrellas useless, and cold enough to make all rain-soaked garments also freeze to your damn skin. It was the kind of weather that practically
“Hey, don’t be an asshole. This is what adolescents in the mid-aughts wrote anonymously on the internet to make themselves feel seen. And honestly? More power to ’em. At that age, most adults just stick a copy of
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
There went his other reason. And if there had been any others, Tony couldn’t remember them. Whatever, he could think of new ones. He just needed time.
“Nope, too far. I will come up with at least a million scenarios to panic about in the walk from here to the kitchen. I’ve got a quarter million already. I need to know what you’re worried about.”
. The world has no place for racist, genocidal despots with aspirations to world domination. And I wanted to join Bucky and everyone else fighting to stamp that shit out. As for why I wear it now? ...you’ll think it’s stupid.”
As someone who has spent a good number of years living in Brooklyn, I can confirm that literally everyone who lives there talks exactly like that 100% of the time. Bada-boom.
Tony waved his hand. “There was nothing wrong with you in the first place, Cap, so I don’t know if that counts as an improvement.”
“It’s not uncommon for the afflicted person to want to spare the person they love the pain and guilt of watching them waste away,” Bruce continued. “You can go to the lab, Tony, but one of us is going with you.”
You briefly consider the likelihood of a Skrull taking over Steve, but you dismiss the possibility when you realize Steve’s revulsion for food waste would probably be item number two in whatever packet they would study to impersonate him correctly, right after ‘is hopelessly in love with Tony but is being a huge idiot about it.’
Clint grinned broadly and immediately got to work writing something out on his phone. Tony lunged for it.
“Tell you when we get back to the tower. There’s something in the elevator you need to see,” says Tony as you step onto his boot. Minutes later you’re back on your floor of the tower, peering into the regular elevator, with Steve, Nat, and Tony at your back.
undo all of the work he had done to come to terms with that just because he was afraid of ending the borrowed time he was already living on.
“I’m trying, Pep, but he’s such an asshole sometimes. And that turns me into an asshole, and then we get sucked into the asshole vortex, and everything ends up worse than where we started.”
“It’s true," said Tony with mock solemnity. “Stronger men than you would be having their butts pounded right now, Bruce. Thor is proof of that.”
try, as hard as he could, to believe Steve when he said— when he said he loved him. Really, truly loved him. And the thought alone was scary as hell, but Steve’s hand was squeezing his and maybe— maybe it was okay, being scared. And maybe he could learn to be less scared, with time and practice. Maybe when Steve said he wanted him, he really meant that he wanted this too, which Tony couldn’t understand, but maybe you didn’t have to understand something to accept it anyway.
If Peggy Carter wants to sleep with you, you go with it. The only question in my mind is whether Steve measured up to her standards.
“Alright, for today’s lesson the less you know about what’s about to happen the better the message sinks in. But it’s a little intense, so we stop when you say so. Got it?”
“She does seem like the type to mean it that way,” says Natasha thoughtfully. “So that rules out Thor’s floor, Bruce’s floor, and the Common Room floor, potentially.”
ENCHANTRESS snaps her fingers. There’s an explosion high on the hill, as the GOLD MINE collapses in on itself, blocking the path back to the elevator.
“Might be. Might not. The more we know about the people in this building, the more tools we have to pull this off.”
Tony tried not to dwell on the twinge of disappointment that he wouldn’t be carrying Steve to the fight. Because being so desperate for bodily contact with someone that you’d take being their courier service was pathetic, and very much not on brand for Tony Stark.
"Free trip to Rome for a recipe blogger," said Tony with a little self-satisfied smile. "Thor never stood a chance."
This recipe is so incredibly easy, part of me shudders at the idea of calling it a recipe. When I asked my dear friend Tony what he thought, his reply was, “Oh my God, you’re a recipe blogger. Guys, we’re in a recipe blog. Thor, the only man I know who can burn a salad, is running a recipe blog, and now we’re in it too. This is hilarious.” (Tony does tend to go on strange tangents. Sometimes, it’s hard to believe such a genius can be as dense as this, but I’ve seen his workshop with my own eyes. While Midgard is still far behind my own home in terms of technology, he is quite brilliant for his time).
“Gotta be a pig, no way we can run a proper fiddle game for something like this,” said Clint. “But that only gets us
they were scheduled to see in a few days. When he was finished, Rhodey had a weird sort of smile on his face.
Tony closed his eyes completely and listened to her sensible low heels clack out of the room before the door closed. A moment later, the chair next to Tony’s bed was moving, and Steve was sitting in it, both of his hands wrapped around Tony’s right.
Tony felt the influence of the magic lessen by degrees, until finally he could reach up, grab the manual release lever, and pull. The casing shuddered but didn’t open. Whatever Bob had placed on top of it was heavy enough to keep it shut.
What followed was somewhere between the most brutal sparring match and most fiddly fight of Tony’s life. By the time they’d figured out the accomplice’s line of sight, Tony had a broken finger in his left hand, a broken toe on his left foot (neither of which did anything to discourage the puppet master from leading with their left), and more bruises than he could count. Add to it that Tony’s muscles were screaming at him to stop and his breath was coming in gasps, and Tony was praying he would pass out.
“One second,” said Natasha as she reached for Tony’s gauntlet. Bastard that she was, Natasha had memorized the manual-release sequence and before Tony could stop her she’d clicked the fingers in the right order. A second later, Tony was tumbling out of the suit, landing face down on the landing pad. The suit, now unencumbered by the two people of weight it had been carrying, shot straight up and flew off along its original trajectory.
“I um, I made up the will,” Steve continued. “Everything’s going about where you’d expect it would. No surprises there for anyone to deal with.”
“Hi, Steve,” said Tony brightly as he walked over to him and felt his body start to wind up a left hook.
“Do you want something to eat?” said Tony in a rush, “There’s a whole buffet back here, and I know those hot dogs probably didn’t top you off.”
“It looks to me like you got everything you wanted to get,” said Sandra as she plugged the camera into her laptop to upload the video. While she waited she added, “Sir—”
Tony leaned in close and said, “I know you were off-world for my origin story, Odinson, but the long and short of it is I’ve been where you are. I’ve made choices that have led to a hell of a lot of people getting hurt. Only where you did it to protect people, I did it to make a quick buck. But one day I got wise and I could’ve done what you want to do now. I could’ve run. But I
Steve took a drink of water, then walked back over to hold the bag, as Nat started practicing her left hooks and high kicks.
“...ah. Dammit, I knew I should’ve hacked his browser history. I’ll add that to the list of things to check for in the next one.”
Remember when Steve helped that little old lady across the street and the tabs were like, “Did they bone back in the day?” And then her sister who’s never left Puerto Rico was like, “She didn’t bone Steve, I did!” Yeah, that’s not rare.
Some part of Tony knew that this should be freaking him out even more, but luckily, he seemed to have already reached his freak out capacity. So instead he closed his eyes and listened to Steve’s heartbeat. And he breathed. Eventually he felt his own heart rate finally to slow down. By the time they got back to the tower garage, Tony wasn’t hyperventilating anymore. And Steve was holding him close, stroking what was left of his hair.
“Yeah. Asgard was eager to get their escaped prisoner back. Also to figure out how she got out and who else might be missing. If the breach is as bad as they think it is, we could be busy with Thor’s enemies for a while.”
Tony groaned but it was around that point he realized he could tuck his head against Steve’s shoulder and appreciate the warmth and closeness of his body, so he decided to stick a pin in all attempts of sassing himself out of the situation.
“Wanna bet?” said Nat, as they pushed their way inside the restaurant and headed over to the escalator upstairs to the dining floor. Steve paused as he got to the bottom of it and his whole body tensed.
“Oh, I have no idea. I found him in a box of kittens on the street one day and just didn’t have the heart to leave him there,” says Tony.
“Now there’s an idea. Your new suit would look pretty spiffy with a scarf. But can you help me unclasp it in the back? And maybe zip me down too. I don’t know how the hell all of you do what you do in so much leather, it’s so suffocating.”
Holy shit this dude is hot. Also, we know they were friends and it wouldn’t be the first time friendship became something else.
For one thing, Tony retained control over smaller movements. He could still move slightly, although not enough to run away or throw a punch. But if he moved slowly enough, especially while the other Puppeteer was busy doing God knows what on his computer in this make-shift sewer lair, Tony could shift his posture, change the position of his fingers, inch his hands closer to his pockets. That was until his captor noticed that was what he was doing, and he felt his arms immediately jerk back to where they were.
Tony closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and willed himself not to step back and lean into Steve’s chest.
Tony gestured for them to go ahead, then said to his phone, “J, get me some basic ASL videos played at 10x speed.” Steve and Clint turned their backs and started signing.
, Tony, you are going to wait with me until he wakes up and then you are going to grovel with me so we don’t get
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Loki - Chapters: 3 - Words: 1161- Reviews: 7 - Favs: 0 - Follows: 4 - Updated: March 21, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
I think we have to wait until the next blog post, Steve. I dunno, I’ve never had my entire essence distilled into an internet comments section before.
, but because there was an extremely confused erection building in Steve’s pants. Thank God he was standing behind a couch; he did not want Tony to see him like this.
NATASHA takes in all of the content on the table and runs her hands through all of it. IVAN looks furious enough to spit nails. NATASHA’s smug smile turns into a frown as she realizes that among everything on the table, nothing is the artifact.
“There was knock-out dust on my shirt, ok!?” said Tony, anger starting to bubble in his gut in spite of himself, “He’ll be fine in five minutes. And if you’d just let me
“Hey, if we clean them out, there’s a hundred more dim sum restaurants in spitting distance. They can’t
“I don’t see much reason to deviate from our original plan,” says Bruce. “Enchantress sounded like she’s not interested in coming back to rattle our cage, now that we’ve un-whammied Thor. That leaves searching the tower for the artifact, which Strange said could be literally anything. And with ten floors and one roof to go through, we’ve got a lot of searching to do.”
“Hey!” you say, raising your voice just a bit, which manages to quiet everyone for now. “Listen, we don’t know what Enchantress is doing right now or what her plans are. We need to get to work if we’re going to get out of here and stop her.”
“I cnat wait 2 show u my tatoo baby,” laughed loki then he riped off his shirt. He had a tatoo that said “Nashata” in a <3 over his <3.
: on his coat, down his shirt, on his pants, inside his hat, in his boxers. The second he got to his feet he was running and stripping off his clothes. By the time Tony came back to his senses, he was sitting in the bottom of a fountain, maybe two feet deep with very, very cold water. His teeth were chattering as he ran his hands compulsively over every square inch of skin to confirm again that he was not covered in spiders. And he was buck fucking naked.
“Fuck!” Tony shouted as he rubbed his head against where it had slammed into the top of the casing. The suit had crashed into the wall, not hard enough to break through it but hard enough to jostle whatever was on top of it. Tony could hear what sounded like a couple of cinder-blocks tumble onto the floor.
“Worried you’ll see your second bare torso in your life?” said Tony with a wink, which of course sent the blood straight to Steve’s cheeks (and a little somewhere else too). But then Tony added, “Relax, I’ve got a layer on under this. Everyone’s delicate 40’s sensibilities are all accommodated here at Avengers Tower.”
Then Steve’s hand was on Tony’s arm and his other hand was on the side of Tony’s face, guiding Tony to look in his eyes.
“That was amazing,” said Steve as they walked out of the theater. “I actually cannot believe that people know this show exists and then voluntarily buy tickets to see
Steve's lived a weird enough life that his doctor falling into a time machine and kicking his sex ed teacher's ass is not outside the realm of possibility. Suffice to say somewhere in the multi-verse it almost certainly happened, and it was as great as you're imagining right now.
“She does seem like the type to mean it that way,” says Natasha thoughtfully. “So that rules out Thor’s floor, Bruce’s floor, and the Common Room floor, potentially.”
“I could check,” Thor offered, raising his hammer as if to fly up to the outer atmosphere and see for himself.
You and Tony get to discussing statistical significance in quantum mechanics for about ten minutes before a yelp from Tony reminds you there are other people in the room.
Tony stifled another coughing fit. The disease had progressed to the point where he could barely speak and he was only being kept alive by the oxygen mask over his face. It wouldn’t be long until the respirator conversation would need to be had. He opened his eyes to slits in time to see Dr. Mitchell folding her zebra-print bifocals and tucking them into the neck of her brown cardigan, a few shades lighter than her dark brown skin.
“Oh look, your lapel’s crooked,” said holo-Jade, and she moved her hand onto holo-Steve’s now not imaginary lapel (which wasn’t actually crooked).
Tony starts laughing so hard he collapses onto Steve’s side. Clint is doubled over, shaking with laughter. Even Natasha is chuckling into her hand, her eyes sparkling with repressed mirth.
“Like… hell…” Steve grits out as he continues to latch on to you, ignoring the times you’ve slammed your back against various hard objects.
“You and Tony had a miscommunication, but it’s fixable. See you then,” said Nat as she left the gym, leaving Steve feeling less miserable, but more confused than when she came in.
Then Steve’s hand was in his, lacing their fingers together. Tony froze, too shocked to move, his breath freezing in his chest.
“Something about this floor has us all talking over each other, and we all need to hear each other’s educated guesses if we’re going to get out of here any time soon,” you say as you rotate the shield a bit threateningly in your hands. “Now, who's going first?”
"Where was the phone in the Lego universe and the Tumblr-verse?" Taking the pictures and displaying the Tumblr post, obviously ;) Side-note: that actually is why the quality varies a lot in the Lego pics, I only had my crummy old phone to take all the pictures needed for this fic, here and for the food photography in Thor's chapters and for the I, Spy page. Also I'm, like, not even remotely close to a photographer. Ah well, I still think it turned out ok.
“You voluntarily wore a hat with a catchphrase about fuck machines and followed it up with a lime green fedora, Tony, what did you
“First of all, you wound me, Steven. I have never, not even once, made a promise I didn’t keep, including this one.”
“One second, Tony,” said Steve. He leaned forward slightly, tapped on the window between the front and the back of the car, and said, “Happy? You can go. Leave the keys on the front seat, Tony and I can lock up.”
Steve looked down at his hands, gave an exasperated sigh and started rubbing them together to get the remnants of the Sunday’s glitter off them.
“Aw, I’m touched, Bruce. Now c’mon, there’s so much to show you. Before you leave, you’ll see the best decision of your life was walking through my door.”
“José, did you not just hear Hammer talking about the biggest power on earth or whatever? These guys are literal superheroes. I’ve seen enough cartoons to know when I’m working for a bad guy.”
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
“Heyyyy, big guy,” said Tony as he landed beside Thor and flipped up his face plate. “If you’re arguing with the stick, maybe it’s time to call it a day.”
Yeah, the whole plastic thing and talking to victims thing is alright, but definite room for improvement.
“Just the opposite. I told him I wouldn’t be on call tonight because we were going to this thing and he told me, ‘It’s about time you joined the 21st century, Rogers. But don’t thank Tony for me, I’m still mad about that shit he pulled on Maddow.’”
Steve squeezed Tony around the shoulder, and said, “I’d like that. And look, my ma’s here too, at number six. It’s about time I introduced you two,” he said.
Tony chuckled, and it made his chest hurt, which made the guilt he’d been hiding in the shower crash down onto him yet again.
“Life’s not fair, Thor,” said Natasha, “And if you were in Asgard right now, don’t you think Enchantress would’ve done the same thing there that she did here?”
All are walking down stairs. At the top is Bruce, carrying the bird seed box and standing next to a target with an arrow in it. Below him is Steve, holding a hand above his eyes as if to look, and in the other hand is a wrapped pop tart. Right in front of him is Thor, who is holding his hand out to Steve as if asking for the pop tart. Below them is Natasha, who is kneeling and looking concerned in front of Clint, who is sitting and hugging his knees with his eyes closed and a tear dropping down his cheek. Visible from the side of the stairs, as if in cross section, is a skeleton in the dirt, shaped like a dragon.
A split second later, Murphy’s left hand was yanking on the front of Tony’s tee shirt and his right hand winding up for a punch. Tony was positioning his feet to sweep Murphy’s leg when suddenly his vision got very fuzzy.
“Excellent! Then it’s simply a matter of sneaking in and using your computer skills to open it,” said Thor.
“We need to get going,” said Steve hastily. “Strange said not to spend too much time, and if we’re making a clothes stop we’re already—”
, Rogers. Now I have wasted too much of my time on this high school bullshit already, and since this was Colonel Rhodes’s plan, I am going to let him take it from here.”
“It’s not the technical side I’m worried about,” said Tony, looking up at the control box schematic on the screen. “It’s the only way I can see to turn off the motion sensors, and we’re going to need two perfectly accurate shots to get it right.”
“We’ll make a lewd comic of you yet, Rogers,” said Tony as they walked out the bathroom door and into the restaurant. “Although if you think a restaurant bathroom is an uncouth place to have sex, I don’t know if I should tell you what happened later between me and Penny in that ice cream truck.”
“Soon. Now we’re all together, we should visit all of the non-residential floors of the Avengers suites, then each of our own floors again. We’ve got six pairs of eyes now. If we’re lucky, one of us will spot the artifact and we’ll be able to destroy it before Enchantress can stop us,” said Steve, as he pressed the button for his own floor.
Tony turned off the torch and headed toward the couch in the lab, which was really his bed far more so than the one in the room next door with the closets that contained his clothes. If there was one universal constant in Tony’s fancies it was that they were passing, so he’d just have to wait this one out. Tony was trying on a lot of new virtues since he’d been spending time with Steve: understanding, communication, mutual respect, and now, he was going to try patience.
Steve thought of his ma, and how she’d always make time to polish the furniture and help Mrs. O’Grady down the church steps and take Steve to Coney Island when she could afford it. Steve had always thought it was just her way to care like that, but Tony’s words made him think about how much she’d left behind when she came to Brooklyn. How hard it must’ve been living in a new, alien place where she didn’t even know the language at first. And how maybe, by investing a little love into her world both in the place she lived and in the connections and memories she made, she was building a home for herself too. Maybe the reason Brooklyn stopped feeling like home when she died was that Steve had thrown himself into art school and then into trying to get into the army, instead of picking up where she left off.
Nat seemed like she was considering something for a moment, then she reached into the pile and got a matching QPR button, plus an asexuality pride button, and pinned both facing the inside of her shirt.
“We are going to talk about what happened later,” Steve repeated. His voice was low, and there was immovable certainty in it.
He and Hammer walked off to the corner, where Hammer said, “I’m trying to land one of the most brilliant minds of this century, this had better be good.”
“I’m a disembodied voice with no visible appearance, Sir. Nothing looks good on me, because there is nothing to see.”
For reasons I cannot explain, cocoa powder seems to be the difference between something that tastes like bean soup versus something that actually tastes like chili. It adds that elusive smokey, umami flavor profile that tends to be lacking in vegetarian dishes on the whole.
“I’ve been thinking,” said Tony. “The last thing on your list is ‘kiss someone you love at Times Square on New Years Eve,’ right?”
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
"Hey Gogglor, did you foreshadow Enchantress as the villain" SURE DID ON EVERY FLOOR GO BACK AND SEE FOR YOURSELF
“I wasn’t sleeping during the video,” said Steve, who had no idea what an Energizer bunny was or where this conversation was going.
“It’s not,” said Steve. “You were right, I did want to melt into the seat. If you didn’t intervene, Colleen was probably gonna be ticked off with me anyway for not going along with that.”
“It’s not that I don’t, um, trust you all,” said Steve. “It’s just… this is new to me. I need time.”
There was cronuts for Tyra, who’d fangirled out and sobbed through the whole thing. Pumpkin scones from Alice’s Teacup for Jacob, who wouldn’t get off his phone. Momofuku crack pie for Angela, who wanted to know if the super soldier serum affected Steve’s sperm because her biological clock was ticking. Maine blueberry pie from Peetee’s Pies for Michael, who was way too handsy. Cupcakes from Magnolia bakery for Crystal, who he “just wasn’t feeling it with.” Morganstern’s ice cream for Lyra, who thought dogs laid eggs. And now, something was wrong with Brian, and Tony thought he’d been really careful with this one.
THOR taps HAROLD on the back of the head with the hammer, instantly knocking him unconscious, leaving him sprawled out on the floor.
The cool blue light of the reactor filled the room, and Tony took in several things in quick succession:
,” said Tony, feeling the panic rising in his chest, but now it was warring with the panic of what would happen if he
“Maybe,” says Clint with a shrug. “Ok, not bad for an educated guess. We can keep our eye out for an evil-looking TV.”
“Pepper had a point,” mumbled Tony as he watched Steve get farther away until he disappeared into the crowd. “This
If you were confused as to what Tony's tsum tsuit looked like, it's supposed to be a human-sized version of an Iron Man tsum tsum.
They made their way over to eleventh Avenue, and Tony saw Steve deflate slightly when he noticed they were walking into a bar.
Well, this definitely wins for the weirdest medium we’ve been in so far, although I think Nat still wins for the weirdest genre. Any of you guys feeling weirdly incorporeal right now?
in his voice. “But the data’s all there. We talk alike and we think alike and we both act like assholes to the good people around us who don’t deserve it.”
“One of these days you’re going to either become a supervillain or work for me or both,” said Tony. “Job offer’s still open, by the way.”
The elevator doors open. You and the Avengers walk out into the tower’s gym. There is EXERCISE EQUIPMENT, a BOXING RING, a SNACK BAR, and TOWELS. There are two LOCKER ROOMS to the east and a SAUNA to the west.
Tony could see Steve now, taking shelter behind an oak tree. A teenager with tomato-red and purple–highlighted hair and a black patent leather coat (why did the magic users always look like fanfiction Mary Sues?) was surrounded by a shield of blue light that emitted blast after blast at him and Natasha, who was darting from tree to tree, trying to draw fire away from the civilians still running from the scene.
THOR reaches to his other hip and pulls an ordinary hammer out of his belt loop. He tosses it in his hand, then taps it against a stone, which reverberates with the familiar *clang* of a hit from mjölnir. THOR smiles, tosses his gun to CLINT, who starts using it, then flies off with the hammer towards the SHOOTERS. TONY hides uselessly behind a rock.
From his new position, Tony could see a group of civilians all tied up with what looked like dog leashes, every one of them desperately struggling against their bindings. Clearly, Tony wasn’t the first puppet Steve had fought today, although Tony must’ve been the first that had the strength, agility and flexibility to actually execute the martial arts his puppet master knew, because he was giving Steve a real run for his money. Between blocking Tony and blocking the magic blasts with his shield, Steve was having a hard time keeping up.
“You asked me to inform you if there were any publicly available information concerning how Mr. Stark felt about you.”
“We’ve got a problem in the third floor R&D lab, I need all available personnel to report there immediately,” said Frank over his walkie talkie, as he watched the little tv screen in terror.
“It’s wild you said that,” said Tony. “Because if I had to pick one time I couldn’t look past my own bullshit to see what was right in front of me, that’s the example I’d pick. The way he used to talk about you, Steve, all I could think was he had to be making it up. There’s no way anyone could be that decent
You... no, you have a whole century of cinema to catch up on and you’ve spent your free time watching
“Fucking hell, Clint!” shouted Tony, trying very hard not to breathe through his nose as the acrid smell started to filter in through the suit’s air filters.
“Ok but when people usually say that they mean I’m teaching them patience for putting up with my bullshit. It sounded like you meant something else.”
“Abracadabra, baby. Welcome to the club. Bisexuals sit at the table with the pink, purple and blue stripes,” said Frank.
“No we weren’t,” says Nat, who is pulling Tony by the ear toward the hallway. “C’mon, my turn to drive.”
“Oh?” said Tony, who had peeled one potato down to a one inch cube and was now getting to work on another.
I have been vibrating out of my skin in an attempt not to spill the beans on this epilogue update, and I'm so glad I can finally share it with you all!
“J! Dim those lights and give us some beats!” said Tony, and Steve could look out at the room and he saw nothing but his friends, having a great damn time. And maybe, for a second, so was Steve. Then the opening notes to
The next day, Tony came back to New York but was in his lab on a do-not-disturb order before Steve could get to him. So Steve went to the gym and started taking out punching bags, because what the hell else could he do? He wasn’t sure how long he was in there before he heard someone clear their throat behind him, he turned, and Natasha was standing there in padded gloves and work out clothes.
“This doppelganger sounds really melodramatic,” said Tony dully as he focused intently on peeling a second potato down to shreds. A moment later, Steve’s hand was covering his, stopping him from continuing. Which was when Tony noticed that Steve was standing very close behind him now.
“Well, I did get to meet my biggest fan. Apparently SEPs aren’t as effective on kids who wear our merchandise.”
Steve’s laugh was interrupted by Clint shouting down from the rafters, “Are you guys done flirting yet, or can we go? I have a title to defend in the annual Worst Knock-off Avengers Merchandise White Elephant Contest before everybody splits for the holidays.”
I found this recipe on a now-defunct food blog several years ago. These cookies strike that perfect balance between cakey and chewy, and that tiniest hint of cinnamon really brings out the chocolate.
Tony looked out his window at the blank expanse of the tunnel wall they were driving through. What was Tony feeling that he wanted to hide? Had Steve touched another nerve by mistake?
IVAN stands up and puts all of the above items on the table. He takes out a pocket knife to cut the buttons off his shirt.
“Tell me something, Steve. If all of the players down there swapped uniforms, which team would you root for?” Tony asked.
“No, it’s not,” said Bruce curtly, “Some of us are getting really fucking tired of going along with whatever bullshit is going on between these two and pretending it’s all fucking fine. Aren’t you Steve’s friend, Tony? Why the fuck are you still doing this?”
,” said Bruce curtly. “PR aside, this kind of place is gonna be staffed twenty-four hours a day. These aren’t Hydra guards we’d be taking out. They’re regular people with the bad luck to have an idiot for a boss.”
“Consent isn’t just about sex, Rogers. Take it from a guy who’s had a lot of it. If somebody wants to
And then Tony got a third mental slap, but this time it was from what he saw when he walked through the door.
one because when you are sixteen and horny and the universe has sent you an ice cream truck, clearly it will also send Stacey to the party so you can get laid. I showed up expecting to overwhelm her with creamy goodness in more ways than one, and instead I had a hundred drunk teenagers clamoring for Tweety Bird gumball pops. Anyway, I spent maybe fifteen minutes wondering if I should drive the truck over to
“Oh, hi Steve,” said Bruce, taking his eyes off his microscope as Steve came through the door, “Is there a playoffs game today?”
“Well then. Unless you’ve got any secret relationship-ending kinks that’ll consume you with sexual frustration if not fleshed out, we’re doing just fine.”
“I would trade half my fortune for a picture of you right now, Nat,” said the prep who was dressd liek a granpa. I pit up my other midle finger.
“The list said 'Kiss someone you love at midnight on New Years Eve in Times Square,'” said Steve, “And we were
-1000/10. Steve has probably gone to alternate universes where versions of himself exist that are about to bone Red Skull, and murdered them pre-emptively, that’s how unlikely this is.
And yeah, Tony’s intention might have been to confirm some of his suspicions about his teammates and stop being the only out Avenger, but he could live with that. Then Thor was standing behind Clint and Nat and in another second he had them both wrapped in a joint-cracking hug.
Tony made his way over to the lab’s bathroom to see how bad the damage was. The second the light turned on and Tony saw himself in the mirror, he yelped. The bald patch covered roughly the entire left side of his head. Fortunately, the fire had been contained before his skin could suffer anything worse than what felt like a sunburn, but there was no way around it: he was going to be partially bald for a while. No hairdresser on earth would be able to hide it.
“It’s just you and me here, Thor,” said Clint. “This is your last chance to come clean if you’re not ready. I can tell the team an unexpected breeze came up and I missed my shot, it won’t fall back on you.”
Well, Steve, you picked a hell of a day to roll out your bicurious side. Pretty sure Thor's dated men before, maybe you should lay one on him too. Really get the full experience out of your straight-boy-experimentation phase.
, and their house sodas really are that good, as are their house cocktails (although both are on the pricey side, so it's a rare treat thing). I really, really hope they're still around after this Covid crap blows over.
“Yes, if you were a sufficiently powerful sorcerer,” says Thor. “However, it would be very, very difficult, since you would be fighting water’s natural properties. It would make more sense to use almost anything else. Why do you ask?”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said Steve, as he wiped his face with a napkin. “I forgot how disgusting this looks to people who aren’t used to it.”
“Oh, is that a threat? I think it might be. Sandra! Call the Times, let’em know Captain America threatened me in my office!”
It took all the strength Tony had to step back again. He couldn’t do this. It was unbearable. He needed to leave.
“I— um. I was going for a peck on the cheek, but I guess no kissing except French kissing exists in this universe. I’m sorry, St… Loki. Sorry for making you worry. Because I’m happy with Steve. And Steve’s happy with me, see?” said Tonu.
,” said Tony, “Because if there’s some kind of buffer between me and Steve as we spend time together that could be enough to stop us sniping at each other! Pepper, I’m sending you on a cruise.”
as Steve would ever want anything to do with a walking train wreck like Tony. But Tony and Steve had become friends over the past few years,
Tony grunted with annoyance and said, “I’m sorry the way I feel about you made you do what you did, ok? I would’ve apologized earlier but it turns out there’s no Hallmark card for ‘Whoops, a magic spell made your best friend’s teenage pining bleed over into you.’ I feel terrible for taking advantage of you before I realized what was going on. And I’m at peace with the fact you don’t — I’ve had one-sided crushes before, ok? I’m a grownup, I can deal with it. I don’t want you to feel like it’s your responsib— you want to back up a bit there, Steve? You’re really close to mmmfffff.” Whatever Tony was about to say was cut off by Steve’s lips against his.
“Tell Tony to get me the armor, Captain Rogers, or don’t bother sending any more super friends!” shouted Hammer behind his back as he walked past Sandra’s desk and down the long hallway.
“Ah! Nat! What the hell, I was about twenty layers of choices in! We were getting somewhere!” says Tony, as he tries unsuccessfully to bat Nat’s hand away from where it’s now pinching his ear.
is the anthropomorphic manifestation of the Hulk containment floor, buddy Clint, but you can call me Donny,” the handsome buckaroo says with a wink.
possible to project a field over something that tricks anyone looking at it into thinking it’s somebody else’s problem, so their eyes just slide right over it. It’s called a SEP drive, short for ‘Somebody Else’s Problem.’ Which… is how we got on this topic. That I’ve been talking at you about for fifteen minutes.”
A few moments later, Clint put his arm around Steve’s shoulders in a side-hug. “C’mon, Cap, keep it together,” he said. “I will literally never hear the end of it if a poem that wasn’t mine was the one that made Captain America cry.”
“Widow, get over here. I need you to fight Tony around the oak tree, see if you can disrupt the line of sight and get us a clue on where the accomplice is. I’m going to try to talk to the girl again. Clint, I need your eyes. There’s an accomplice with line of sight to this fight that’s controlling Tony and the girl, and we need to find them.”
of this little field trip is to spend time together, Steve. And if I’m off somewhere else we’re not together. Ergo, I’m right, and you’ve been drawing that stupid painting for
distracting. Whatever, if anyone asked him about the plot later he’d just say it seemed like a whole lot of ado about nothing, and they’d all chortle at his dry wit while Steve rolled his eyes, because Steve knew Tony better than anyone by now.
, thank you very much. And you knew what you were asking for when you made that suggestion, don’t deny it.”
“Time. Yeah,” said Steve, as they passed a “Fish of the Antarctic” tank. “Hey, Stark Industries doesn’t have any planes headed for the arctic do they? I’ll take the antarctic too, I’m not picky.”
AN: For Assistive Technology users, you should know the next two chapters are in Times New Roman and have a light yellow background. The desired effect is to make it look more like a paperback novel.
“It’s not though, is it?” said Steve, turning to face Tony directly. “I think you keep getting cast as a PI because you fit the part. You’re… well, you’re perceptive when you want to be, and empathetic, and incandescently brilliant, and…” Steve trailed off as the color rose in his cheeks, and Tony had to remind himself that if he dragged Steve off to a bedroom to blow him then and there, they might get caught hard and panting in
“Are we sure it’s wise to leave him alone? Thor can get a little… wound up when he’s frustrated,” said Bruce.
“You never asked,” signed Steve. “But I promise I tried to give you privacy whenever you were signing with Nat.”
“We’ll fucking see about that, Stark,” said Clint excitedly as he immediately started pulling books off the bookshelf.
"We've made a mistake," said the one who's called Nat, "We'll never find Clint under sofa or mat. Our Clint is a friend who enjoys being high. We need to search higher, clear up to the sky!"
“Fine, have it your way,” said Tony with a dismissive wave as he turned to walk away. But Steve was in front of him in under a second. Damn that serum.
“Can I get a faucet of this in the tower? I’d sacrifice my bathroom sink for it if it means I get to drink this every day. I can learn to shave with cherry soda.”
“If you don’t get sick of me then one day, we’re going to have the future talk. But right now, I want to stay where we are. The sword of Damocles might be dangling over my head but I don’t want to look up and check just yet.”
Steve’s breathing got a little uneven when Tony mentioned having sex with him, but it caught outright when he brought up sleeping in the same bed, as though the thought of it was too much to hope for. God, he was adorable.
“I mean, it’s a Tingler. It could be in his butt,” says Tony. “I’m sure he’d let Bruce search him for it.”
José swallowed the urge to correct him on his name (again) and said, “The lightning, it knocked out—”
THE HULK roars and braces himself to start running forward. ENCHANTRESS laughs and turns to walk back into the mist. THE AVENGERS start running forward to attack, as does THE HULK. But before they can meet, the CLOCK TOWER finishes its last chime, which gives way to a different sound: a cell phone ringing. Everyone stops and turns in the direction of the SALOON, where HAPPY is hiding behind a barrel just outside of it, peeking over the top to watch the events on MAIN STREET. He reaches into his pocket and takes out the item that had been causing the bulge before and he looks at it with a puzzled expression: it’s a smartphone. A beat while everyone realizes the artifact has just been revealed. Then there’s a mad scramble to get to it. HAPPY yelps, tosses it in the direction of the fight, and dives back into the SALOON. ENCHANTRESS drops the chain in her dash for the smartphone, which causes the chain to disintegrate, freeing THE HULK with a roar. It’s close, but ENCHANTRESS fires a beam of green energy at the phone just before NATASHA’s fingers can close around it. The phone turns that new energy into a swirling vortex of green.
“Eyyy, pardon me, dames, can any a youse help a Brooklyn boy find da lobby?” said Clint with a fifty watt smile and his very best Brooklyn accent. “Bein’ ninety-five and all can really turn a fella around.”
Steve reached for Tony’s left hand, made like he was considering taking it back, then kissed the ring on Tony’s finger and said, “I think I can make due with an oblivious idiot.”
“Get out of there, Nat, you’ve got five seconds!” Tony shouted over the comms, and Natasha could hear he wasn’t even pretending to type anymore. With a final pull Natasha hurled herself over the edge of the vent drop.
Steve took one more shaky breath, and set his hands on Tony's shoulders, disengaging and pulling back. Tony made a noise — a sort of dissatisfied, wordless rebuke — but let Steve put some distance between their faces. Full of worry, Tony's eyes gazed at him, somber. Steve was incredibly aware that Tony was still half-lying on top of him, and the leg he'd thrown over one of Steve's lay warmly between his. It was an agonizingly good feeling. "I'm going crazy," he muttered. "What is this?" And then he had to brush a hand under his eyes, where tears were beginning their trek down his cheeks.
Stomach sinking with the sudden realization he might have traded Steve's sanity for his safety, Tony set his gadget aside, and went to look out the window. It had gotten dark; the parking lot outside of their second story room was barely lit up by street lamps, and every lurking shadow from the willowy trees lining the property seemed suddenly a threat. He'd been so engrossed in his engineering that he lost track of time. His heartbeat began to pick up even more. If something happened to Steve, it would be unforgivable.
Tony casually studied the toes of his boots. "Do you think...once everyone's back, I mean, do you see yourself moving on?" He glanced up.
to get married?" he stumbled over the question, his whole chest in a vice that made it hard to draw breath.
"Just, kid stuff. Ice cream. Go swimming. Find a school field and play some ball with the other kids there. Read books like I wasn't doing enough of that already." Tony shrugged. "Stupid stuff. Do you know what's the ironic thing?" Steve waited patiently. "I'd think about running away, and I'd think to myself,
Tony stood on his knees and breathed, as the battle raged on around them. A second's hesitation meant another Avenger might fall under the onslaught of the alien army, and Tony would never have someone else die for him again. Yinsen had given his life to get him here and Tony hoped he would have been proud.
"Oh, we did fight," Tony said, with a somewhat ugly edge in his tone. "Thanos, the Snap, all of that. I was an idiot. We were separated when he came, and we lost."
"Not happening." Tony rolled his eyes, taking the bait. "We'll find what we need, and we'll be home by lunch. ...What?" He turned to see Steve laying on the side, watching him.
"Thanks," Steve whispered at a level of a breath. He lifted the compass to his face, opening it up to what Tony knew was inside, even with it turned away from him: Peggy's picture that Steve treasured enough to take with him everywhere. As if reading his thoughts, Steve said in a thready voice, sounding far-away and half-delirious. "I'd almost put it away." He frowned at the memory, still peering at the compass. "Then after—after I had to leave, back then," — Steve meant their fight and the break-up of the Avengers — "I had the compass with me so" — his voice nearly faded out — "I took it out more, to look at."
But Tony pressed his fingers to Steve's lips, shushing him. "Don't," he whispered, repeating his refrain from before. He couldn't hear those words fall from Steve's mouth now. It would utterly undo him.
"Me, maybe. Not sure we can sell you as an egghead." If Tony's eyes lingered on Steve's biceps, well, who could blame him.
He got his hands on Thanos's glove and let the stones meld with his armor. Then he was thrown back with a punch to his solar plexus that knocked him to the ground.
The military had scrambled jets to patrol the sky above Camp Leigh, flying in precise formations, so Tony didn't linger there. That wouldn't last long, but he had a feeling the additional checks he saw on the ground would be around for a while. His thoughts came back to a way they could sneak back inside, but even if they hid in some sort of a delivery truck to get on the base, eventually they'd have to make it downstairs and pass human oversight. The idea of an image inducer, something they could wear to alter their appearance reared up again. He turned it over in the back of his mind as he rushed from place to place, checking on the situation, a separate part of his mind constantly back with Steve, wondering how he was doing. Outside, the weather had turned blustery. The constant headache from his likely-concussion had graduated to an omni-present low-level ache, and nothing but time and rest would rid him of it at that point. He'd been catching only a few hours of sleep per night for several weeks in a row, and damn if he wasn't feeling it. His limbs were heavy and all his ideas frenetic with exhaustion seeping through. But he couldn't stop yet.
"Handy," was all Steve said, crossing his arms awkwardly on his chest, looking a bit lost. Idleness did not become him, but there was little Tony could do about that until Steve was able to go out in public without having the Second Coming effect on the general population. In fact, now was as good a time as any for Tony to get on with the next part of the plan: this period's clothing.
"Does your head still hurt?" Steve whispered, and with his eyes still closed, Tony felt him move closer, as if to check, as if the magnetism between them was literally pulling him towards Tony and any second he was going to wrap his arms around him, hold and kiss him.
The words lingered on Tony's tongue, but never passed his lips. "New Jersey. No flying, so we'll need a car."
“Definitely, it was funny because it Strucker doesn’t seem to have done anything that can be even a little bit stressful.” There it was, his mothers usual attitude towards the current president.
For the past years, every electoral win had been a loss for the people. Everything was unstable, the country losing money, allies and support from the citizens. There seemed to be a restriction on positive and hopeful thought for the people, there was a fear of control and constantly surveillance. As if everyone knew everything about the other. As if they were constantly asked and regulated into conformity. Yet, everything felt the same. Democracy was still alive. People were still able to make their choices but it wasn’t the same.
“I don’t care, get out now! Something is coming, something—“ A loud blast erupted through the window panels on the side. Glass shattered everywhere, papers flying in the air, a white noise filled the air. Steve let Natasha out his arms as they faced the rubble in front of them. Sam’s voice kept picking up static but Steve hoped his voice was going through.
“Dad I can’t have this conversation with you again. I already told you, there has been no body and that is not possible. If that blast killed him why would Skull take his body? If they had taken his body, wouldn’t it turn up one day? If the blast didn’t kill him, what happened to him? There are so many unanswered questions, I can’t just stop looking! What if I’m close?"
The building was silent for once. All the volunteers were home, the phone didn’t make a sound, no one was running around. It was just them with numerous posters that asked to vote for Rogers. The morning sun shone through the windows, illuminating as far as it’s light could go.
"Mr. President-Elect, have a seat." He didn't look at Joseph who silently thanked all the circumstances that kept Obadiah from facing him.
Pierce couldn’t look up at the Founder. He couldn’t decide if he should smile or be insulted but either way he followed him through the door.
Pierce sat in the room with Skull and Strucker yelling back and forth, flipping through Stark Industries files and making silent notes on who to fire and who he could possibly turn into his side. Everyone seemed to still adore Tony.
Together they looked the epitome of happy, with wide smiles and hands held together. It was a perfect moment. And Steve carefully, while remembering all the little details from the colour of the tabletops to the small fold on the campaign poster, stored it away in his head.
“We need a laptop and you need to take a sit.” Natasha wasn’t strict, her voice was wavering. She wasn’t ready for this. Steve took his spot on the seat, motioning to the computer in front of him.
“We should go to the centre of the building, that’s where it—“he sucked in a deep breath as Sam continued to look at him. Sam needed his friend to face the facts, he needed him to face the reality but that wasn’t going to happen if Steve never speaks about it. And Steve never likes to talk about it.
"You pieces of shits!" The door flew open and Stane marched inside. His jaw was tight and his eyes wide open. His hand was still clutching the life of the photograph. Pierce cursed under his breath. He finally had found peace seconds ago.
“We had not prepped him well enough, we threw him in the machine the second we took the wires off of him."
The girls were rushing out of the door, to their car, scrambling to call Steve and beelining into the Blair House. Tony’s face kept appearing in front of their eyes. The rugged beard and the mess hair, sweat pouring down his hair. There was anger piercing through his eyes, an almost animal look. It wasn’t the Tony they knew, the inventor, the futurist.
“First congratulations Mr. Rogers on your win. I’m glad it worked out the way it did.” Joseph smiled at him, shoulder broadening. “Next your security detail. You can easily use the secret service to handle it but I wouldn’t recommend it."
Steve knew exactly what to do in this situation. He’s been trained, Tony’s watched him learn this techniques. Steve stared at Tony, reassuring him that it will be okay, they will be okay. Steve was going in an order—raising his hands, dropping the shield, and trying to conjure up a last minute plan. This is exactly how a hostage situation needs to go.
“Thank you. Thank you, everyone!” He raised an arm in the air for the people as everyone hushed. They looked so eager. Steve stood next to his mother with an arm around her shoulders with pride. “This is all possible because of you. Every one of you worked tirelessly with us, telling us what we need to focus on, what we need to strive towards. Because of your support, we have come this far.
The file opened to more numbered files. Clicking the first one, the girls saw various designs of suits that resembled the designs to that of Rhodey’s suit. Every picture had a giant FAILED marked on them. Expect one design. Opening another file presented them with videos. Each other progressively got longer with the last with the shortest amount of time. Natasha took in a deep breath and brought that video to play.
I am so sorry that I haven't updated in a while but I hope this was worth the wait! Please let me know your opinions!
“After we looked at Loki’s Scepter we were able to figure out its properties, if I get enough time with the Stones or the gloves there is a chance to figure something about them.”
Sam couldn’t be a prouder best friend. He knew how much Steve’s father was fighting to get to this point and he had helped in every way possible.
"I'm sure I will. I'm already learning." There was a small smirk playing on Joseph's face. He knew that Stane would know exactly what his words meant and he knew that there was no point of backing down. He is going to own this.
“Wait, stop the video. Right before the camera goes dark.” Anna moved closer to the screen. She knew that face. Natasha knew that face. Slowing the video even more, Natasha paused the video right before the prisoner blasted the camera feed. The suit was the same as Natasha saw two days ago. Only this time there was no mask.
Finally being done with managing the presidential campaign for Joseph, Sarah had time to work on her baking skills. So far her days were spent either reading files with Joseph or reading different recipe books for new experiment. Steve was always up to try her new creations and when he had walked through the door this afternoon he was very excited to try everything she was offering. But now sitting at the table as his mom took her spot, his mind floated back to Stark Industries.
Steve exited out of the video and stared at the keyboard to regain control of his breath. He felt like rocks had started to settle down in his throat slowly blocking all chances for him to properly breath. The room suddenly felt incredibly small and a heat started to engulf Steve. His fisted hand flung across and threw a lap off its stand along with his mug making broken glass cover the floor.
As the drone of the computer continued, she continued her pace to Tony’s R&D room, planted herself in front of a screen and began typing.
He's really bad at confrontations. He loves facts, he wants all the knowledge he possibly soak in. He likes things to be exactly what it says it is, but when it comes to questioning the truth of it he rather not do it.
“The Founder will see you when he wants to. Until then, he’s getting the asset prepped. You need to be patient and prepare your losing speech."
The face, half a face, flashed continuously in front of his eyes and it’s only been two days. The side of the face was bloodied in midst of the fight, the beard was uneven and pieces of the metal formed half of the mask that was still intact. Thinking about it now, the face wasn’t angry, it wasn’t scared or worried or even smug. There was absolutely no emotion emitting from the face. The eye just looked at him, not even staring at him. Even when the hammer was shot, the face didn’t react. The face, the very human face was a machine.
“Guys, you look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Steve stared at both of them as they entered the small office.
“Your suit. Tony built that right?” James sat up straighter in his chair. His eyes wandered from Steve to the door, unblinking. Steve could almost hear his head filing through conversations and memories. He was thinking of the right thing to say.
“Each time I think I’ve gotten in, it throws another wall at me. As if I running against another person who is one step ahead of me. I’ll get it."
"You're the only OS the government knows and I may not be part of some secret agency but I can read some sort of obvious code. You can keep that photo, I have tons others. Thank you for this chat." Joseph flashed Stane a smile and strutted out of the office.
“There has been no sign of his body, no sign that he died in that blast. Even if he hadn’t and he was killed by HYDRA they would throw that information in our face. There is something we’re missing."
Sorry for the delay, caught up in planning the next chapter. I am going to try to get out chapters as soon as I can.
. Natasha drew in a breath and double clicked not realizing the chain reaction that was about to follow.
“So I met the first lady today and she couldn’t find enough words to express how happy she is that President Strucker is finally leaving the presidency.” She sat in the middle of the two men . Joseph sat quietly eating the dinner while Steve smiled back at his mom, happy for the conversation.
“Sam, now!” Sam flew over to the reactor and shot in the light, frying all the technology. One of three. As the machine worked on trying to remove the shield from the arm, Steve grabbed its neck and swung himself around it, thighs tightening around its waist. He tried to smash the face armour, trying to bash it open to reveal any sort of wires to him. The machine reached up behind and swung Steve across the wall, throwing the shield out of its arm, strutted towards him.
Steve shut off the recording before the screaming could begin and decided to skip the new few videos.
As the power in the reactor was building up, Steve spun his shield away from his arm and slammed it into the right of the attacker. It was quick and strong.
Nebula inched closer to Rocket who kept looking between her and the entrance. He needed more of his team to walk out, this wasn’t the time to play jokes.
The photgraph was a snapshot of part of the paper that Joseph had been reading. Beside a date, OS clearly visible.
After the grim meeting, Nick motioned at Steve towards the door. As they excused themselves, Nick closed the door behind and before Steve had time to set the conversation Nick started speaking.
“What are you getting at Steve?” James had a particular look to him. His head was tilted to left, his brows still pulled together with one almost pulling up. He was not impressed and Steve finally let out a breath. He didn’t realize he was holding it in until now.
“Why are you with HYDRA?” Obadiah’s eyes did not waver as he continued to look dead on into Pierce’s eyes. Obadiah almost knew.
"I need to clear the air. I have been doing research into our own government better. Trying to know the inside information of what makes this government what it is."
Joseph folded his hands and then wiped them on his pants. Sucking in a deep breath, he pulled out his phone and stared at this wife's number. The numbers bolded in his head, screaming at him to call.
"I couldn’t tell him.” Rhodey stared at the both of them, his ears perked. Tony didn’t tell him everything.
Natasha pulled up the hammer again, locking and loading it towards the attacker but before Steve could speak up, the armour stood up straighter, turned around and flew away.
"Mr. Stane will see you now, Mr. Rogers." Joseph quickly stuffed his phone in his pocket and flashed the receptionist a smile and half-way marched to the office door.
“Winning an election always is serious business,” a voice boomed from the front door. Alexander Pierce stood tall in the door frame, blocking all the sunlight, casting a dark shadow on himself. For once, he was casually dressed as if he was getting ready for a vacation, ready to get away from all the campaign business.
“So after the attack at Stark Industries, we went underground for a couple days.” Steve nodded along as Natasha spoke. “While we hid, I went through this.” She flashed the drive in her hand in front of his gaze.
As usual please let me know what you thought of it? Is it still interesting, I hope so! I hope you liked it!
“Of course, Founder.” A mirthless laugh echoed throughout the room as the body stood up and walked over to him. And there he was. And his face really was red.
“Maybe, he was taken alive, forced to tell the information behind his invention.” The face flashed in front of Steve’s eyes. Even if the eye looked lifeless and even if it was just the side of the face, he would know that face anywhere. He’s seen that face countless times, he’s worked with that face countless times. Steve knew what was really bothering him about the entire attack and it wasn’t the fact that the suit looked like Rhodey’s. It was because that face reminded him of Tony.
“It’s most likely a scare technique. HYDRA has been quiet for too long and they crave attention so while they are failed experiments, they still want us to know how ruthless they can be. Freezing people to test their survival rates, its outrageous and terrifying. They want us to know they mean business.” Anna said. Hydra was making a point and they all knew it, they need that terror back. Hence the explosion. Their assassination rumours are scary enough but if they were willing to blow up their buildings then they want attention.
They were supposed to be together. They were supposed to be always preparing themselves for the worst. Tony wasn’t supposed to fly off by himself to something he wasn’t prepared for. Tony and her were supposed to be together, going to their dinner that he promised he would crack open a cook book for.
What did you think? Things are starting to pick up. A lot of the characters names are coming from the MCU Hydra members or main villains. Please let me know your thoughts and opinions and if the chapter was worth the wait!
The building had seemed to have gotten darker. The large windows were constantly covered with blinds, the colours on the walls slowly losing its bright touch. The office didn’t feel the same anymore. But Obadiah had nothing to complain about. The entire building was his. Maybe under a different name but definitely under his control. The colours, the darkness never bothered him and the employees never tried to bring it up.
“No you’re not. I’ve seen it. I was on a mission a while back, a job with the old vice president. There was a threat that a metal man was seen in places my suit has not been. His security thought that someone was trying to copy Tony’s creations. And ever since I left Stark Industries, I’ve thought the same. Never believed it, until I saw it in a fight to save the VP."
“Nothing is making sense, mom. That machine was exactly like the one James Rhodes has but Tony has always been secretive of his designs, no one knows the entire design. He always keeps some important piece of information to himself, something that brings everything together. And why would Fury even want me to go to Stark Industries, that company tries to stay transparent as possible. That’s what Tony wanted, he—“ Steve ate his words.
“Taking into account he could be anywhere in space, that report could potentially be hours old.” She hung her head, bit deeper into her lip as her mind connected the dots she kept buried.
“That’s why you have an ice pack.” Anna wrapped a cut on Steve’s arm. Sam rolled his eyes as thinking kept filing in his head, thinking about that compound.
Moving the curser slowly and hesitantly clicking on the next video, Steve tried to keep watching them. He kept trying to catch a glimpse of Tony, his friend, the man he left behind. His eyes kept staring at the illuminating light coming from Tony’s chest. But before he could take in more information he would keep shutting the videos down before their ends.
“Are you sure?” Steve nodded, picking up a slice of sandwich. Sarah gave him a look and turned to pour tea in his cup. With his mouth full and thoughts racing, Steve went back to thinking about the attack. Something wasn’t making sense to him. The entire suit was just like Rhodey’s which was designed personally by Tony. Rhodey’s suit was the only one Tony was ever able to make—was HYDRA able to make a copy? Who was behind the mask? How would anyone get the design to Rhodey’s suit?
“Let’s find out what Fury wanted to find.” Natasha clicked through files showing her images of new technology, old technology, James Rhodes’ suit designs, Tony’s work videos and finally came upon the file she saw before the attack
“It’s not about bringing it up, we all know the reason.” Steve didn’t look at her. He could feel burning into his skull.
“Oh my god. Of course. How long were you waiting to bring that up?” Her voice finally rose as she stared at him from the dining table.
The leaves ruffled quietly. The air was thick. Everything was a pin drop silence. Little specks of dust surrounded what was left of the team.
Somewhere in my personal notes, I wrote that there will be either be a Christmas or New Years party and because I've made you guys wait for so long, I might end up doing both.
"How come research and development? Were you not managing the entire company?" Obadiah's mind was spinning, it was questioning and demanding answers.
“Then, before I say more, I’m sorry to be ruining the moment, but,” Steve faced Sam. He knew what this meant.
"He have suspect you, but for him I'm just the competition that lost. He'll let me in that house." Pierce smiled.
“In what? Videos? Videos of what?” Looking back at the girls, they quickly looked away. Their eyes trying to stay away from his prying eyes. “Guys?” Natasha clicked on a particular folder and it opened to a specific folder—
“Oh god,” Steve managed to whisper as he kept his hand on Vision. The entire world seemed to feel heavier.
“Just president stuff, kid. Don’t worry. We should get started.” Steve gave him father a look and he knew there was more to the store. He knew his father was already suspecting the works of the past presidency and now that he had all the paper work at his disposal nothing was stopping him.
Stark Industries is a massive building. Every floor dedicated to a specific division for the company with the upper floors specific for member offices. Steve knew the layout by heart. He took it his responsibility to overlook the company as much as he possible could but also not cause any interference. He owed it to Tony.
“You’re back. You’re really back.” She spoke into his chest and whatever was left of the suit. Her voice was breaking, her eyes hurt as she tried to keep her tears locked.
“I’m tired.” His voice was quiet, less than a whisper. His lips were dry. His eyes kept closing as his knees reach the ground. Her hands hold onto him, gripping his side and his shoulder.
"I am not his babysitter. He's a grown man he's going to be things that he does not share with everyone. What makes you think that he would even ever tell
Her mind corrected itself. As long she can’t identify those specks of dust as actually Tony then there was no reason to keep him in the past. The team sat silently in the dining area, an area Steve had grown accustomed to before he took the on-the-run life.
Numerous gloomy light bulbs were lined up against a dark metallic roof. The walls were dark, the room seemed small and a buzzing electrical sound carried throughout the area. The barred door opened led to a room full off ten guards wielding their guns ready to shoot. There in the corner sat a man with lost unblinking eyes.
Also, "sunny ways" is something Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in his winning election speech. I had to.
“Has someone tried to create another one like it?” James stared at Steve. His brows pulled together as he tried to understand the question, his mind carefully pieces through his question.
“Hydra has always been doing human experiments. How is this one any different?” The words ‘experiment’ on the screen were starting to burn in his eyes. Something was wrong. Steve could feel their tones—trying to stay calm and collected. They were scared and nervous. Natasha clicked on the folder presenting him numerous recordings.
What do you think? Please let me know, any advice or opinions, anything. I'd love to hear it! Do you like it so far?
“This is not why I came to dinner for. You want to talk about my mission, fine. You want to laugh at my hope to find Tony, fine. But don’t try to stop me.” His dad was about to retort back but Sarah finally raised her voice.
“Mom?” Steve spoke up, expecting his voice to bounce on the walls. His parents heads shot up and automatically their expressions softened.
"Uh...well..." a cough, "I thought it would be best for someone else to bear the responsibility. It's the people's company, if they seem worthy enough, they should be able to have a chance."
The crunch of the photograph helped her blink back to the current conversation. The silence was gone. Thor was trying to figure out how to find Thanos again—who he could see, talk to, ask about the whereabouts. Bruce was already calculating in his head on how to bring out the hulk but also how to test the Stones and how to use them to work in their favour. They were working together to collectively construct a plan so they could surprise Thanos.
Steve stepped on the escalator, and immediately sighed with relief. Tony was biting his lip so hard he thought he might draw blood. Bruce elbowed him in the ribs, and the following conversation took place just through their eyes and body language.
“When he gets better,” said Dr. Mitchell kindly. “But I mean it, call me. One way or another, you need help here, too.”
has her body changed and her abilities enhanced by a magic potion and you need to ask which one I think I am?”
want to connect directly to anyone right now. Or speak to anyone ever again. The second all of this was over, Tony was going to build a suit the size of a cave and live in it for the rest of his life.
“Yeah, but even that wasn’t as strange as this conversation,” said Steve. “Apparently there is a video on the internet that’s totally inaccessible to JARVIS.”
I doubt she’s coming back any time soon. She made her point, and in her mind we’re all safely trapped. I wonder why she said watching us was “informative.” I would’ve expected “enjoyable.” What information is she getting from us being here?
“Hey, don’t look so depressed about it,” said Tony. “You’re a catch, Steve. I personally know at least a hundred people who’d love to go out with you.”
Tony took off the hat and read “Hammer Technology Incorporated.” He dropped it like it was made of fire ants.
“One hour ago, Mrs. Jimenez broke into the Tower to come see me because I’ve been avoiding her boss. She managed to get past all of our security using nothing but a high-vis vest, a hard hat, and a clipboard.”
“I tried to go to the Met, but I got mobbed by a bunch of teenagers so I left,” said Steve, and he sounded so sad that for a moment, Tony considered buying out the Met for an evening so Steve could enjoy his paintings in peace. And then Tony remembered the baseball card, and that buying a whole museum’s time would piss Steve off, which Tony was determined not to do. Because somehow so far this morning they’d gone a solid thirty minutes in each other’s company without bickering, and Tony was so determined to keep up that hot streak he was weighing every word he said five times as carefully as he usually did.
“We’re done here,” said Tony as he turned again, and if he had to break all the glass in the damn aquarium to get out he would do it, Hulk or no Hulk. But Steve was following behind him.
Tony chuckled and said, “If I didn’t, every date I’ve ever had would run screaming for the door before we even walked through it.”
“It’s not the booze or the tunes, so… you’ve never sung a song before. You’re allergic to ABBA. You were beaten up by a gang of microphones as a kid. You’re actually three raccoons in a Steve suit—”
girl, right? But you know you’ve got the capacity if a good one crosses your path. Have you considered that you don’t have to like
“Rhodey, if you’re about to imply I’ve got a crush on Captain America, I am sticking those chopsticks someplace unpleasant.”
to tell her anything at all, Captain Rogers,” said the woman who’d asked Clint to sign her breasts a second ago, running her tongue over her top teeth.
“You can’t think too hard about details like that for a story like this. Besides, now that Nat can see we are appropriately goth and not posers, I’ll bet she wants to hear about the secret My Chemical Romance concert happening in the basement,” said Rony
“Steve, this is about something that happened before you and Tony were friends, and he feels bad about it because originally you weren’t going to be invited,” said Natasha.
is the first person you clicked with in the twenty-first century not to die. Because that means you won’t have to put yourself out there to find more people to click with.”
Tony was looking away from him over the side of the High Line, and Steve now knew that meant he needed a second to process what he was feeling in private. Then it stretched on for much longer than it usually took, and Steve heard Tony take a deep sniff that had nothing to do with the flowers around them.
You roll your eyes and say, “Yes, the old man is old, but maybe… hey, could it be a TV or a smartphone? Something that could display examples of everything we’re seeing?”
“Listen, Steve,” started Tony apologetically as they started to make their way up the spiral ramp. “You can just tell me to shut up when I start going on like that, it’s not rude.”
Orion DR. BRUCE BANNER is using a medical tricorder to scan new people coming in with various injuries and running triage in SICKBAY.
When I told my friends that sadly our plans would have to wait, I realized I’d have to fill them in. For the readers who are new to this blog, Amora (or as she’s known to her enemies, simply “Enchantress”) is a powerful Asgardian sorceress. Before I came to Midgard, I once faced off against her in a battle to enslave the minds of the entire population of a minor planet. I had thought she was serving a life sentence in Asgard’s dungeons, but she must have either escaped or gotten released, because now she comes here frequently to have dinner with Jane and myself. You can see previous accounts of dinners with Amora in my blog entries for
(AN: Stup flamming, Natasa is not Marie Sue she is goth!. Fangs 2 xXx3nch4n72355xXx 4 te beta ur ta bob PLS R&R)
is the man I told you about. Rich, brilliant, kind, never sits still. He’s got a razor-sharp wit that could cut anyone to ribbons but it’s covering a heart of gold.”
You’ve got to be an especially incompetent therapist for a trans woman to come to your couch with dysphoria and come away with plans to make a skin suit.
Before the pandemic, The Rocky Horror Picture Show played every Friday and Saturday at Cinepolis Chelsea. Their Pride shows are actually usually single-sex (mostly - their nonbinary cast members also perform in both shows), not gender-swapped. They also do special shows for April Fools, Valentine's day, Christmas and Halloween. Part of the reason it took me so long to upload this chapter is because these shows are by far the biggest thing I've missed since the pandemic started, and I wanted to get the details right for something I love and miss so much.
“I’ll take it,” said Tony, throwing back another shot and wiping his mouth with his sleeve. “Kay, why do people sing in church, Steve?”
“Ooh, almost forgot,” said Tony, as he rushed off to the other room and fished a box out of the mail pile, then came back and dumped its contents on the common room coffee table. Inside were pins with the stripes of different pride flags on them.
“So you haven’t been to any museums since you started living in the tower? Aren’t you an art guy?” asked Tony incredulously. Tony’s driver had dropped them off two blocks away from the Guggenheim on Central Park East and they were making their way toward it in the bitter January cold.
“Anyway, as much as I’d love to catch up, we’ve got business to discuss, and I’ve got a proposition for you that you won’t want to miss.”
popsicle and, honestly, I could keep going with this story, but the point is the litany of stupid things I have done while horny is
with the rest of your lives, and you see if you match. But here’s the problem, Steve - once you have the future talk, you can’t un-have it. If you find out that one of you wants to settle down in podunk Oklahoma and never leave, and the other one wants to join the circus and move from city to city once a week, then from that point on you know you’re dating on borrowed time. And you can keep the relationship going for a while if you want, but you know that it can only be for fun, not for keeps. That eventually, you’re going to have to break up.”
“Sounds interesting to me,” said Steve. “But if it’s so much about how you sound, why is everyone else here Deaf?”
“Did you ever like to perform before you were Captain America? Like, was there something there that the USO killed, or have you always been like this?”
with you. And I know you don’t love me, but it’s going to take a lot more than time to get me past this.”
” Tony spat as he leapt to his feet and stalked over to the wall. He let his forearm and forehead rest against the cool, beige-painted cinder blocks and willed himself to keep it together. Steve Rogers was literally right behind him. Tony had already been catatonic in his presence and Tony was
“If you hurt the fish trying to get out I will personally Hulk out on both of you,” added Bruce. “I wrote my second dissertation on some of those fish.”
“You do realize you don’t get to pull the ‘important Avengers business’ card on the actual Avengers, right?” said Clint.
“And I’m fine with that. Really, I am. And if our hypothetical kids grow up and decide to join a church, more power to them. But they’re not getting it from us.”
“Hiya, Tony! If you’re watching this, Sandra managed to get through to you, finally. I honestly don’t know why you’ve been avoiding me, bygones being bygones and all. Isn’t putting the past behind you supposed to be your thing these days?”
They’d walked all the way from the bottom of the High Line to the top. It was still a beautiful day, but the sun was getting lower and the crowd was thinning out as people started splitting off to either go home or go find a restaurant for dinner.
For a moment, there’s nothing but the light creak of the saloon doors moving with the wind. Everyone’s eyes are on NATASHA, who’s giving nothing away. Then she lays her cards on the table.
Captain Jarvis is calling me to swab the deck, again. I’m beginning to think he has an axe to grind with me. I’ll write you again the moment I’m free.
“The point is, Tony’s not doubting for lack of evidence, he’s doubting because he’s got some serious personal shit feeding his delusion, and that’s something we can’t fix here.”
Steve immediately turned crimson and Tony laughed, caught Steve’s wrist and kissed his palm before he brought their hands down to his knee.
“Thank you for coming here today. At the beginning of this case, I was presented with two mysteries. The first, the murder of the lord of the manor, has been resolved as you all know. The second, however, is the disappearance of the telephone — God it’s weird saying ‘telephone.’ Sorry, hang on, let me get back into it. — These incidents were seemingly connected, and yet, when Ms. Amora was apprehended by the very capable Lady Romanov, she did not lunge in any particular direction for it, even though the merest touch was necessary to regain control of it, which leads me to conclude that she herself does not know where it is.”
Steve was laughing so hard he was leaning against the wall for support, and Tony was laughing too because Steve’s laughter was infectious.
And after Bruce left, Steve tried not to think of the last time he’d heard that phrase, when he’d been saying it to Tony in the observation deck. Right before his life had changed forever.
Hammer draped his arm over Bruce’s shoulder and Bruce was grateful for all his years practicing meditation that allowed him to go along with it.
“I’d like that Tony,” said Steve. Even though Bruce was probably right, he’d play a hundred boring video games if it made Tony happy.
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
Both THOR and CLINT turn in the direction of the DRUNK, who is now leaning on the bars and sticking head out, waving around a tin cup. CLINT goes wooden as he recognizes his father, HAROLD BARTON.
to sue you for all you’re worth over it. But before we do that, you’re gonna tell me what the combination to open this case is.”
Everyone took their places around the sumptuous manor sitting room that smelled of old money and family secrets. Even Enchantress stopped trying to shout things through her gag as she sat, rapt with attentive curiosity. Even the room itself, from the dusty upright piano to the silent grandfather clock, to the soft eyes of Lady Maria’s portrait over the fireplace — all seemed to lean in as if waiting with baited breath for Tony to speak.
Tony, before you brick yourself in your lab and program JARVIS to play a pitch only I can hear everywhere I go...
great in bed, but your floor definitely wouldn’t be.”). Thor is chiming in to their discussion occasionally through a mouth full of pop tarts from a box he'd conjured from who knows where, but he mostly seems to be agreeing with Natasha. Bruce and Tony are finishing each other’s sentences discussing some kind of hypothetical device that could neutralize magic, and keeping up with what they’re saying makes your head spin and your gut twinge a little with envy. Bruce and Tony have always been on the same wavelength like that, and while you know it’s just a mark of how brilliant they both are and how deep their friendship runs, it’s still a piece of Tony you’ll never really get to share.
“I think I need to wash my eyeballs with bleach,” sad Stove grumpyly bcuz he had a crush on me “And maybe some holy water.”
“No, Tony, he really can’t,” said Steve, but there was a thread of tenderness to what he said that made Tony’s chest ache to the point where he was downright hacking clumps of petals into his hand.
When Tony finally got inside the lab, he pressed his back against the door and put his hand over his eyes.
“Look,” said Tony, as he stopped to look at Steve. “I’m sorry I was acting like an asshole and I get you’re trying to be nice here, but you’re not my therapist and you’re not even my friend. So if it’s all the same to you, I think we should stick a pin in this, buy a tacky magnet for the fridge, and call this a mixed results start to Operation Capsicle Listicle.”
But before Tony could even stand up, his hat was no longer on his head. Tony whipped around and watched Natasha read the wording on the front, as though that had been her intention. When she heard Clint laughing, she looked up, saw Tony’s hair, and her lips twitched.
“Hey Thor, this is so good we should bring some to Clint. How about we serve up an extra bowl and ride the elevator to medical to give it to him?” — Natasha
There’s a little blinking light here that I somehow know is a photon torpedo, about to hit deck ten.
“It does if you’re egomaniacal and evil,” says Bruce. “I mean, she could’ve meant something else, but to me that sounds like her stroking her own ego with a hint she thinks we’re too stupid to get.”
“Hey Tony, come and do surveillance with me,” Tony muttered to himself as he toasted what must’ve been his five millionth slice of bread that day. “You and me in the food truck, it’ll be just
“Jarvis, make a note: knock-out dust is much shorter lasting upon the second application. Add to it the possibility Widow and Hawkeye might accidentally hit the same guy and I think we can call it a failure,” Tony muttered as he scrubbed himself clean in the lab’s decontamination shower. His clothes were a lost cause, but at the very least he could make sure he wouldn’t be catching fire again today. When he was satisfied that all traces of widow-bite venom and knock-out dust were safely contained in the shower’s drainage system, he reached for the back-up clothes he kept in the lab and noticed the shirt had a hole in the center. What was once a questionable fashion choice meant to show off the part of Iron Man that was embedded next to his very heart was now a man-boob window and a painful reminder of the time he’d tried to change who he was to make someone else happy to save a failing relationship. Lovely.
“Shhhh,” said Steve soothingly as he went back to petting his hair, “It’s alright, Tony. Please. It’s ok. This is just comfort. We don’t have to talk about what happened in the lab or anything else you don’t want to. I know you’re not hyperventilating anymore, but I’m pretty sure you’re still upset. Am I wrong?”
Tony finally reconnected to the part of his brain that contained his vocabulary and said, “Steve, the only way I’m getting back in the same universe as ‘ok’ is by ingesting a ludicrous amount of alcohol and inventing something spectacular while blackout drunk. And I know that means I’m losing the bet but it’s my one and only coping mechanism for a day this shitty and I am past the point of caring.”
“I think we know the love of God in a lot of ways, Tony. One of them is in the love of the people around us. And you have so much love in your heart, Tony. I know that if we ever decide to have children, that you and me are going to make a home for them that is so completely full of love. In a way we already have. And if that’s not living with God, I don’t know what is.”
Later, before they all parted ways for the night, Tony spotted Rhodey and Pepper discreetly bumping fists.
Hammer checked his watch and fiddled with the handle to the scepter case with his thumb. Why had he shown up on time? Tony Stark should be waiting for
“You mean hashtag Tony shats?” Clint grinned, “Yeah, you should see the hats they’re photoshopping onto you too. It’s a goddamn
“Lucky you,” said Steve. Then he added, “Can I ask what your plans were, or will that ruin the surprise?”
Side-note: right now the fanfic’s at an 70/30 split for Steve topping me vs. me topping Steve, and I cannot figure out how people made that determination. Is it because he’s taller?
“If you’re failing hard enough for Howard Stark to rear his ugly head in your psyche, we have officially reached the point where the problem requires outside help,” said Pepper matter-of-factly. “Now let me hang up so I can call the jet.”
“Tony, I don’t know why you’re pretending you enjoyed that any more than I did, but if you could just—”
“He’s just anxious because he glimpsed his boss gabbing with the ladies in the finance department in the lobby,” said one of the techs nearby, a middle-aged woman with a hot pink pixie cut.
“You’re going to say it’s time for me to give up,” said Steve. “That Tony’s not going to get better, and he isn’t going to accept that I love him as desperately as he loves me. And that’s unacceptable, Doctor. I will not do it.”
,” Hammer muttered to himself as he came up to the vault entrance and put in all the biometric data and combinations he needed to get it open. A second later he was marching inside and—
The sooner we get out of here the better. Let’s try to get Thor to some food trucks in the next post. That’s another standby for NYC recipe bloggers.
“Yeah I do, Tony. The arc reactor’s already diminished your lung capacity, and even if it didn’t, I’m not going to wait around on this. You need help, and you’re going to get it.”
There was dead silence as everyone stared at Steve. Then everyone started laughing so hard they had to stop walking. Tony was so proud he felt he could die right there and proudly tell St. Peter that whatever his sins were, he managed to make this moment of pure, unbridled joy possible and that had to be worth
By now you’ve caught up and they have no place to go except the tiny room. They all stand just in front of it, and you lunge for them. All of them move out of the way as your head goes into the small room.
You barrel through your fight-friends and through the wall, and go towards a place where you can see large windows and natural light. You ignore the couches and chairs and stacks of books you run through and immediately begin to pound your fists against the windows. It’ll take a little time for them to give way, but nothing can withstand your fists and your rage for very long, and they’ve already begun to groan and crack.
“It’s not a surprise anymore now, is it?” said Tony. Then he reached into his blazer pocket and pulled out a piece of paper folded into quarters.
I am delighted to share this recipe from the Foster family cook book with all of you before I set off for Rome this very night (Tony was quite insistent we leave as soon as possible. Eccentricity, remember?). I have just enough time to post this before the flight leaves, although not enough time to cook it (please excuse the lack of pictures). Rome, here I come!
a good pick for Tony. He was this sort of beefy blonde art history professor (Seriously, Pepper? Haven’t you ever seen Tony at an art museum?), and Tony was dutifully talking art with him but Steve could tell his heart wasn’t really in it.
You ignore Natasha and barrel after Tony and Steve. Tony flies up and fires a hurt-light at your face. You immediately forget about Steve and chase after him.
So Tony and Steve headed inside to find their seats, and Tony hoped Rhodey and Pepper discussed whatever they had to in order to cut the crap. Although apparently not, because before they were completely out of earshot, Tony heard Pepper say, “Are our friends really this stupid, Rhodey?” and wow,
“Uh… y-yeah,” said Steve. “Me and my date, her name was Darla, we went for a walk. And they… fell out. Down the leg of my pants. And she asked what… and instead of answering I bolted and ran home.”
Madam PEGGY CARTER (mid-30s, professional, coy, affectionate) stands in the open doorway of the WHOREHOUSE in a red satin dress, fanning herself with black lace fan.
Steve turned off the stove and turned to face Tony. Tony risked a glance in his direction. He looked… amused?
“Steve Rogers, you sneaky bastard,” said Tony appreciatively. “But if it’s all the same to you can we come back on a different night?”
Tony exhaled a bit through his nose and said, “Does that mean you’ll purse your lips disapprovingly every time I talk to our hypothetical kids about why I don’t believe in heaven? Because that’s just a recipe for resentment.”
“Thor, why is the artifact in the tower instead of, say, on the moon, or anywhere so far away we can’t reach it?” asks Tony.
“I’m sorry,” said Steve. “I just— I think you could learn something from being in an unfamiliar environment, ok? Because that’s my life, Tony. Every day. But I shouldn’t’ve told you to suck it up. I know how uncomfortable it is. If being here really makes you want to crawl out of your skin, we can go.”
to talk to us about heritability and how by 1980 we’d have no more disabled people. I didn’t say anything then, and neither did anyone else. Sometimes I wonder if the only reason it was Germany and not us was blind chance.”
“—know the language, yeah, I got that. And we’ve already established the interpreters are going to take care of that problem.”
“Yeah but, we’re staying focused on our end goals,” said Tony pensively. “What if — ok, by definition, magic makes no damn sense, but if Strange said our minds are filling in the gaps of the medium when we go to a floor. Maybe it’s only getting stronger because there’s more of us thinking the same thing. More brains, more gaps that can be filled. Also explains how we’re staying focused, if it’s our own minds that are mapping the pattern.”
So no, Tony Stark did not want to die. And that was why the moment he saw the first petals he coughed into his hand after another night he’d spent desperately wishing Steve were sleeping next to him, he knew he’d tell Steve right away. The most common of the three strains of Hanahaki disease was cured with just a confession. Tony gambled his life on much lower odds all the time.
“Only if dinner is also a metaphor for sex. Right now. Seriously, hop on the suit, I’m not waiting for NJ Transit.”
Immediately, the warehouse resonated with gunfire from the rafters, as a dozen members of the Sokovian mafia fired on Tony.
The WHOREHOUSE is well-kept and clearly used to be busy, but has dwindled with the rest of the town. STEVE and TONY walk toward it, looking uncomfortable and excited respectively.
, Tony. Not like that. I couldn’t pick a play you would like. The only time I ever tried to call your taste was when I told you to go look at your dad’s Eschers at the museum, and we know how that turned out. I don’t even know why I set you off when I said I hurt—”
Tony's private island being off the coast of Australia is a nod to the original kid's book, and Alexander continually promising to move to Australia.
“C’mon, Cap, let’s get you to the hospital floor before it heals and we have to re-break it,” said Bruce, taking Steve’s elbow.
“Stand by,” said Natasha breathily as she army-crawled down what must’ve been the five hundredth mile of ventilation shaft, lugging the scepter case behind her.
“Card skimmer,” said Natasha as she looked it over. “Does nothing but record the numbers of any cards that go through it, then send them to a server through the cafe’s wifi. Probably has a matching—
Before Hammer could turn tail and run, Steve Rogers stepped out from behind another crate and clocked him, sending him into a heap on the floor.
The skimmers quietly interpolated Hammer’s input into the same ones and zeroes that the devices below them received, and sent them to the skimmer-receiver twenty-two floors above.
“If Hammer were interested in money, he would’ve included a number. It’s gonna be the armor or nothing for him. Anyway, I told Sandra to tell him I’ll have an answer for him after the holidays, but we need a plan on how to respond to this.”
“Yeah, if you want to get bored to death talking about Norman Rockwell,” said Steve as he sat down next to him.
“Only if you want to,” said Tony quickly. Then he added, “I know I sort of cornered you, in that bathroom and at the noraebang, and I don’t feel great about that.”
Also, while there is certainly room to play around with the type of beans used, the amount should probably stay the same. Beans add that toothy fullness quality that beef usually provides in a chili recipe.
“You sure? I’ve got a good 3 hours before my next samples are ready to examine, and I’ve got nowhere else to be.”
ENCHANTRESS dismounts her horse, gives it a tap on the flank to send it walking off. She’s still holding the chain in her hand.
This chili recipe is sure to warm your bones and fill your belly. Truly a feast fit for the warriors of Asgard and a cozy night in.
" said Tony again, just before he started coughing more flower petals. By now they were all covered in blood.
In fact, he didn’t just have a filter. Everything Tony said went through a whole damn chemistry set: a filter, a centrifuge, a decanter,
“Oh don’t give me that, Captain! A million things threaten the planet every day. Your little super squad deals with a new one once a week. I have no doubt you and your friends could handle whatever comes for the scepter. And I paid some very pretty pennies for it, so if I’m going to hand it over to your lightning friend, I need to know what I’m going to get out of this deal, because it can’t be nothing.”
Steve’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the elevator dinging behind him. He turned around and immediately felt his blood pressure go up when he saw it was Tony.
“This is the S3000 StarkVault. According to SI records, Justin Hammer owns two: a small one we installed in his office, which doesn’t have the right dimensions to hold the scepter, and a big one in the basement. You remember in the video he had a picture of the scepter inside a vault? JARVIS calculates with 99% certainty that picture came from the StarkVault in the basement of the Hammerplex.”
“Yes, you’re quite right, Mr. Barton. We have spent a great deal of time already in this particular story. And yet, if you will turn your attention to the grandfather clock, you will see no time has passed at all.”
“Sure you can!” said Tony brightly, “When they ask why you let me leave with a Starkphone, tell them I was Tony fucking Stark, and then point them to the security footage to confirm.”
“Well, thank you for not trying to drag me into the elevator against my will. That would’ve ended poorly,” said Bruce.
Tony snorted. “You packed socks in your underpants so people would think you had a big dick, Steve. That’s… wait,” Tony searched Steve’s face and saw he was still looking at the ground. “There’s more to this story isn’t there?”
“I just keep some of them a little creatively,” and Steve could hear the grin in his voice. “Besides, if he’d actually come to negotiate in good faith, he would’ve had Sandra waiting outside to take the files somewhere secure, and
“Yeah, ok. But if you’re going to be a completionist about this, that means one way or another, you’re going to have to see
“Yes, you did. You did when you said, ‘Hey, Tony, how about you go to the Halloween parade as Captain America and I’ll go as Iron Man.’”
“Slowly, slowly, it’s too nice a job to rush,” said Tony with a wiggle of his eyebrows, which made Steve blush (and get) harder.
“Nat knew what she was doing; there’s nothing wrong with you that a few days of taking it easy won’t cure. But make sure you drink that gatorade,” said Bruce as he took out Tony’s IV.
“I won’t take it personally then,” said Bruce. Then he turned to the group and said, “Sounds like there’s nothing to do but keep collecting Avengers. Onward and upward?”
There is no way this guy actually went to a hardware store to get that axe, which meant his assistant bought it for him. What a loser.
No. When we’re done here, and I’ve taken all you have, you’re returning to California with me, Natalia, where you belong.
Nat only watches fighting-related sports. Clint watches archery religiously and enough soccer to make it easier for him to blend in when he's under cover abroad. Tony sometimes tunes in for formula 1 racing and battle bots, and he sponsors a ton of high school robotics teams, but he can't really pay attention to anything that isn't a project or a party long enough to get into it. Thor thinks every sport is great but lost his shit when someone introduced him to
“You’re not exactly in a position to be making demands right now, Justin, but you know what? It’s Christmas, and I’m feeling generous. You don’t tell on us breaking into the Hammerplex, we won’t tell on you selling weapons to war criminals. Scout’s honor, or whatever the equivalent is for those of us who got kicked out of Boy Scouts for kissing the other boys.”
“Ohoho, who’s the oblivious idiot now? It says it right in the title,” said Tony, as he reached into his pocket and took out his keys. Then he took the list from Steve, and shone the blacklight on his keychain at the paper.
“I’m not asking you not to talk about it. When it comes up you say something like, ‘Daddy’s a Christian. That means I believe a man named Jesus is the son of God, and he died for my sins. He spoke about being kind and standing up for what’s right, and I try to follow what he taught. I believe when we die, if we’re good people, we go to heaven. But your Papa doesn’t believe that. In fact, most people don’t. And you’ve got to decide for yourself what you think is right.’”
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
“This is yoru only warning, u prepy motherfuckers!” I shooted moodily & I beard my fangs. Blood dropped down my chin & onto my tits & made a pentagram (I am a Santanist).
You eye the strip of skin on his abdomen that was exposed when his shirt rode up, and catch yourself thinking,
Bruce had woken up face-down and semi-naked in more places than he could count, although this was the first time he’d done it in an elevator. How the hell had the other guy even fit inside?
"Hey Gogglor, how long did it take you to track down every round thing you own and arrange them to make that picture" a normal human amount of time, that is not even a little bit excessive for a one-off bit in a fanfiction.
Bruce shakes his head a bit and says, “It could mean that not only is the artifact not on Thor’s floor, but it’s not on the floors above or below it. The ‘more than a few steps’ might be the literal steps to another level of the tower,” says Bruce.
So Tony turned toward Steve and as much as he didn’t want to open that wound, he did try. He tried to imagine someone as good, and kind, and beautiful as Steve Rogers, the scrappy kid from Brooklyn who never knew when to quit, who chose what he felt was right even when it was hard,
You throw a stick anywhere in Chinatown and you'll hit a dozen excellent dim sum restaurants but in my imagination,
“It never made it to the blog post, but she said, ‘you’re more than a few steps from freedom’,” says Bruce.
Eventually the little girl’s mom and dad must’ve gotten tired of waiting patiently by the other bench and went to collect her, and Steve knew that would mean Tony would be making his way to the chapel in a moment. So he got up from the bench where he’d been able to hide in the shadows while he worked, and made his way down there first.
Steve tried not to look as crushed as he felt. Apparently he failed, because Bruce took off his latex gloves and safety glasses and came over toward Steve.
I put on a blac bra & a riped MCR shirt so ppl could see my pale skin under and then I wore a red plaid skirt with a black belt with loss of metal studs, black riped fishnets and combad boots. I put on white foundation with black eye shadow and purple lipstic & I wore 3 sets of studs i my ears that had moons on them bcuz I am a werwolf.
You roll your eyes and privately resolve to get Coulson a better gift later as you step into the elevator.
“What did I say would happen if you tried to skip movie night again without a valid excuse?” asked Natasha.
I love you, you asshole, and I will do whatever the fuck it takes to prove it to your stupid, pig-headed self,” said Steve angrily. Then he turned his head upward and said, “JARVIS, is there a test to type a person’s Hanahaki disease, and would they have it in medical?”
