A drip from a leaky pipe echoed in the room, echoed in his head.
“Hey hot stuff.” She found their man at a small café, just a few blocks from the tower. Apparently he needed a breather after the interrogation he just got out of. With Thor and Steve. Yikes.
The woman nodded, talking into her radio, requesting aid. It wasn’t long before agents were dropping down around them. They pushed Bucky away, hands tracking over Steve’s body. He tried to fight back –
“How could I forget?”
Tony narrowed his eyes. Apparently that was enough for the blonde to break out into a larger grain, thinking he'd finally cornered Tony. “Who do you work for?”
He watched as the news played an earlier clip of Loki being shoved into a police car. It was the third time he’d seen the video. He should feel something. Anything, right?
Hammer was currently cowered in the far corner of the small room, trying to effectively hide behind his three remaining henchmen, all of which looked about two seconds from keeling over themselves.
Tony’s face went carefully blank before he replied softly, “I would never half-ass anything that would put our family at risk. You know that.”
“Not the time, FRIDAY. Scan for life signs.”
Bright blue eyes locked with his. “Tony,” the other man replied, surging forwards without hesitation to press their lips together.
“No promises!” Tony heard Barnes yell at him, but he was already on the move. He raced back up to the office, slamming the suitcase shut and grabbed his jacket. Regardless of the head start, Tony knew that it would be almost impossible to outrun Barnes. It didn't matter. He needed to try; he needed to help. Seeing that he had everything, Tony spun around back towards the door, when-
“Buck, you heard him," Steve replied. "As soon as we leave, he’s gonna follow. He’ll do something stupid, you
“You know, Stark’s resources could probably- ”
Tony paced around his lab. "He must have had help; it probably took him years to disappear completely."
“Hey! What the hell are you doing?”
“You think Pierce might find your name in there?” Tony snapped.
“I’m serious,” she snapped. “That was
Tony nodded, picking up the small object in his fingers. “Then I won't have to keep lugging this thing around,” he said, tapping the car battery currently connected to his chest.
“I-I was in the lab,” Tony started, furrowing his brow.
Steve watched Tony from down the hallway, the engineer babbling quickly on the phone. The hand not attached to his cell was gesturing wildly, coupling well with the bright animations flashing across Tony’s face.
“You think?”
Clint hesitated briefly over the door handle but shook his doubts away. Tony and Steve were family. They’d risked everything to come check up on him. He wasn’t exactly going to lie to them. Besides, the fact that they were here cemented the same reasoning that they couldn’t get mad at him.
Came Sam’s firm reply.
The fiery redhead spun around. “Oh, hey Steve,” she said, giving him a small smile.
Bucky faltered at the tone, but continued to step into the room anyway, shutting the door quietly behind him. “I brought you some dinner,” he said softly.
“What, did you stop for drive thru? Where the hell have you been?!” The door was barely open before Bucky was dragged inside by a frazzled Stark.
They were all there.
“He must not feel the same, considering he hasn’t responded to any of my calls.”
“Did you tell him anything?” Steve pressed, ignoring the policeman.
“Are you going to give me any real answers?” Phil snapped.
Bucky looked back at him gravely. "He's gone. They took him."
“Listen up fucker! I have shot and buried three trespassers in the past year! So I don’t care what hobo sob story you’ve got. I get a dozen a week, pal. It cuts no cash for me. But if you show your face here again, I will cut you the fuck in half!”
Steve froze. “The other two names. There must have been two other kids born at the exact same time as you. All he has to do is find out which one of you will become Iron Man.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “What?”
Legal, binding contracts that had enough gusto in it to keep the board happy. Speaking of the board, how happy did Obie think they would be if they found out they were selling there overstock to the gutter rats in New York? There were too many unknown variables, too high of a chance that it would go south. Forgetting morally, it didn't even seem worth it monetarily wise. Sure, New York was littered with different mobs, but compared to the armed forces of the United States? They're no more than a bug on windshield.
Clint stepped back into Fury’s office.
Fury didn’t respond. He nodded to the guards behind him, and had them pull a screaming Rumlow out of his office.
“Fine,” Clint sighed. “I have a job for you.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll find something.”
to a local hospital, hence why I'm calling
“Dude, you need to get here. Like now. There’s been an explostion.”
We still make them. And they still hurt.
as Clint liked to call it, hadn’t been easy. Yes, Tony was alive and better yet, in love with him and Bucky, but they still had plenty of bumps along the way. Both Bucky and Steve had become almost suffocatingly overprotective, unable to leave Tony’s side, regardless of the Extremis running through their veins. Turned out they needed more healing from the process than Tony did, the codependency taking a toll on the team and their newly formed relationship.
you were- ”
“Right. How quickly do you need to leave? Can you do lunch?”
Bucky gasped, fresh air filling his lungs. He was only up for a second before bricks hailed down on top of him, forcing him back under the surface. He drew his knees up, trying to stay as small as possible, as debris rained down around him.
Pierce tried to feign disinterest, but Loki’s piercing gaze had him realizing that he wasn’t fooling anyone. “You’ve got a lot of nerve showing up here,” was all Pierce said in response.
Tony pulled back far enough to meet Steve’s gaze. “Was I wrong?” he asked hesitantly. “What would you have done?”
“Have you seen these?”
“Nick?”
“Wait,” he added, stopping Clint in his tracks. “We need to kill him, and I have an idea how. I need you to put on the gauntlet and shoot it at mine.”
“Because you do know that I’m not technically your boss,” Steve continued. “Buck, you can take a break from this if- ”
Tony growled, sticking out a hand for Steve to slip the phone into. When he saw who was calling, Tony nearly threw the phone at the wall.
Steve glanced down at Bucky’s crotch. “You’re right,” he agreed. “There’s nothing left up there.”
Tony watched The Captain roll his eyes, a small smile gracing his face. “Have a crush already, do we, Stark?”
“Relax,” Natasha soothed. “I’ll start with the interrogations, you go see if the lab has anything leads, ok?”
“I just don’t think that this is the right time to talk about this.”
He gave it all to you. And you failed. I could have protected them; I could have done what you couldn’t. But he chose you. And you took them all away.”
Pierce furrowed his brow. “Well, I hope you know what you’re doing because this has already cost me a man.”
“That I got the better deal.” Steve looked out here window, where an unseen Tony was most likely below, fidgeting in their car.
Steve walked around the desk, standing to Tony's right. “Joseph Grant, huh?” Tony continued.
Taking a beating like that from anyone would have been horrible, but being on the receiving end of the avenging super soldier? Delmar probably would have had better luck standing in front of a train.
"What?" The Captain choked out.
“No, that’s not- ” Bucky paused, regrouping. “You’re scarin’ me, Steve. I just –you gotta know that I’m here for you, right, pal? Whatever it is, you know you can tell me, right?”
“Wait!” Steve grabbed his friend and pulled him close against him as another spray of bullets landed where he should have been standing.
The man let out a hollow laugh, the corners of his lips curling into a small smile.
in the Iron Man suit, was holding up the other half of the debris by himself, muscles straining in his under suit.
Tony only wished he’d seen it sooner. He could’ve spared Peter. Could’ve spared Steve.
“You’ll be alright,” Tony said, not sure if he was convincing Steve or himself. “You’ll find yourself some hot Kansas piece and you won’t even remember little old me.”
Bucky collapsed to the ground. “You gotta hide me, Steve,
Natasha bit her bit, looking away. “How is he?”
“Dammit,” Tony hissed next to him.
Steve slapped the hand away. “I’m not leaving him,” he snapped. Steve watched as the nurse running with them rattled off more numbers to the doctor. “What’s she saying?” Steve demanded. “What does that mean?”
Steve took a deep breath. “You’re not coming with us.”
“What makes you say that?” Tony asked.
Tires squealed as Bucky peeled away, the man thanking every God he knew that all the cops chasing then were on foot. It wasn't long before they blinked out of the rear view mirror. However, he didn’t take any chances, insisting on speeding all the way home to get Clint to a safe spot. With an officer down, police scanners would already be blasting a description of the van.
Steve should have known better. Should have taken bigger precautions with Stark. Now one of his men was down. Steve never meant for that to happen. He just hoped to God that Hogan survived the blast. A threat for Tony Stark was nothing to be trifled with. Steve would have his crew pull back for a few days, just in case. If HYDRA was rising into power again, the last thing he needed was his crew fighting a battle on both sides, trying to hold the line against the nefarious crew and Stark as well.
“I’m alright, now,” Tony parroted.
“Good,” Pepper snapped. “Because I cannot do this again.
Pierce sighed again with a small nod of his head. “If you say so.”
“Of course,” Fury agreed. “More than that, I need those files out of HYDRA’s hands for good. You’re the only one who has seen all of them. I have a lead on where Pierce would keep the physical files. I need you there to make sure they’re all accounted for.”
“Uh, Pep, listen- ”
“Clint?”
The woman continued to glare at him.
Going through his usual routine, he made a small breakfast, and checked his mailbox. Inside was a simple post it note.
No, he was just Thor.
you can put a bullet in his brain. We’re doing it my way.”
“We have to get rid of the bodies somehow,” a voice answered.
Pepper let the gun fall back to her side, eyes wide. “How could you know that?” she whispered.
“Then humor me,” the blonde countered. “Stay home. Why you insist on going to this is beyond me.”
Spinning around, Steve shouted over the flames. “You take downstairs, I take the upstairs. Meet back here in ten minutes, do you understand?”
Tony placed a hand on his shoulder, the blonde shivering faintly at the touch. “Relax, Cap. No one knows where this place is but us. We’re perfectly safe; there’s no way HYDRA can find out we have him. Now come on; let’s go see our latest guest.”
Bruce would never forget the look of pure terror on the mothers face as she pulled her child away. It was just the reminder Bruce needed to prove he was still a monster. The thing families cower from.
Tony scoffed, jumping out of his stool to pace along the bar. “I’m sorry I kept you in the dark, Obie, but I had too, because I knew you’d try and talk me out of it! This is still my company, and I will do with it what I see fit. We have so much untapped potential, and we’re just
“Then why are we here?” Bucky moaned. “It’s one thing to drag me along but waking me up before the sun was out was downright uncalled for. Spewing some bullshit about there might being a line. Really, Rogers? The day I see a line of people buying sheets is the day you can ship me right back to HYDRA.”
(See the end of the chapter for
little problem."
No threats, no bombs, no bodies, no HYDRA. It was like they had just dropped off the face off the planet again. While Steve and The Commandos were glad to have the break, each passing day they just sat around waiting was pushing Steve’s paranoia through the roof.
Tony bit his lip to keep from screaming, swiping a full bottle from the bar before retreating down to his lab.
Fingers tugged his chin back up. “Look at me,” Steve whispered. Tony was powerless to disobey.
“Steve!” Bucky shouted, the only warning he got before he was knocked down and over the railing.
“Tony!” The agents were overpowering him, pulling him out the door as he continued to wail for his husband. He felt his body finally give up as sobs wracked through his body. But it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered, because Tony, was gone, gone,
Bucky thought to himself. He didn’t much feel like making Steve feel better today.
Tony squawked; Steve probably smacked him. Clint sighed, finally pushing away from the door. He needed to leave. He’d already heard too much.  “You have to understand. I can’t stop, I won’t stop being this way. I’ll do anything to keep you safe,” Steve continued, his voice getting softer. “I’ll do anything not to lose you again. Tony, I lo- ”
“We have
As soldiers, we’ve never been blind to violence, and its lasting effects. But sometimes, being faced with it at home is a tough pill to swallow. So, I would just like to take a moment to thank the police force that is working tirelessly around the clock to find answers. And to the families of those who have suffered loss, know that everyone here on this podcast, as well as
“I think we should run a job.”
Tony had spread the word that he released the unredacted police files to reveal The Captain’s identity, putting the man in the system. But, since new photos are added to the criminal data base every day, no one would be able to figure out which of the new records were the one of The Captain’s. Unless they knew what he looked like. And HYDRA knew. What Tony didn’t tell everyone was that he hid a back tracer within the files that he released. That way, whoever accessed the files of Joseph Grant could be tracked by JARVIS.
Steve nodded.
“The rest of my pitiful excuse of a life being ripped away from me,” Steve answered hollowly.
Steve finally looked up to be met with three dumbstruck faces.
Maria dropped her gun, laughing. Tony instantly darted out into Steve’s arms, Steve effectively pushing Tony behind him.
Tony leaned back with a deep breath, but he couldn’t help his body starting to tense. He knew, logically, what had to happen. Tony had watched more than enough porn in his life time, and had plenty of bed partners who had bottomed for him that should have gotten Tony more than comfortable with the process. He’d even tried to experiment with his own fingers on himself before, although he was never able to completely chase the pleasure that he so desired.
Thor looked at Steve with an easy grin. “I find your company most pleasant as well, Captain.”
HYDRA and the FBI had them backed against the wall. There weren’t any hopes about getting out, just hopes to stay alive long enough to end it.
When Tony finally pulled his hand out, he gave Steve a small smirk before taking the hand and pushing it behind him. Expecting a snarky comment, Steve was dumbfounded when he heard Tony look down with him and whisper a small “
“We’ve got no pulse, charge it up again!”
“And I told you, we could have stopped at that rest stop to wash up.”
Clint thought.
“I didn’t, I swear! That was part of the deal!”
Tony picked at his already impeccably clean suit. “That’s true. Why do it myself when I could just pay someone to do it for me?”
Pierce thought he might have seen Loki pale further. "You can't kill me, Pierce. Too many people have seen me here; you won't be able to keep my murder under wraps. You've got nothing to hold me. Now, let me out before my lawyer gets here and sues you and this decrepit country for all it's worth."
The man almost looked like an avenging angel, the light landing behind his head like a dim halo, accenting his sandy blonde locks. His cold, blue eyes flashed over Tony like he was fresh meat. Hell, this guy good give the statue David a run for his money.
Without giving them a second glance, she stepped out, trying to distinguish which way to go. A quick look down the hallway and Natasha was met with more bodies. Following the trail like bread crumbs, she finally stumbled onto a pair of double doors. She could hear murmuring on the other side.
“Don’t ask so surprised,” Bucky pouted. “I’m kickass.”
And then Tony was walking past him, not to the bedroom as Steve had hoped, but down the hallway to his lab, stopping only to grab the bottle of whiskey on the way out. Steve just stood and watched him leave, unable to turn his eyes away from the defeated slump of the brunette’s shoulders.
“You really don’t know anything,” he sighed, sounding unimpressed. “Just my luck. Yes, I’m HYDRA, you asshole. Someone’s gotta keep an eye on this place. How the hell do you think they get all of their info?”
Tony pushed his head into hands, moaning quietly. “Dammit.”
“You?” Steve asked. Clint never did interrogations.
“So, you wouldn’t be there with us?” Steve pushed.
“Is he?”
Clint’s voice carried through the hallway, Steve and Thor immediately chasing after it. Running into the back room, he saw Natasha holding Justin Hammer in a choke hold.
was gone.
Tony turned the TV off before the newscaster could finish. The brunette eyed him like he always did, as if trying to find the problem like he would on a machine. It was something Clint had found he liked about Tony, the way that he was always trying to fix and improve, always the engineer. Of course, Tony was used to working with inanimate objects, so watching him flounder about, trying to solve their personal dilemmas - while the man had about the same amount of empathetic delicacy and listening skills as an onion - always made for an entertaining sight. Of course, the only downside to it all, was when trying to be the
Delmar startled, seeing a running Maria Hill charge towards the two. She had one of her guns out, already aiming to fire at them.
“That proof enough for you?”
Also, complete side note. I have some business to deal with next weekend (wow, I feel so cool saying that omg), and I won't be able to post next Sunday. I might be able to post a few days later, but I might just push it off until the Sunday after just to keep with the fluidity.
Steve made a sharp turn right, darting down a back alley, hoping to cut off his target. He dodged the littered garbage cans and scaled a fence, heart pounding tight in his chest. Steve urged his legs faster as he ignored protests from his muscles. He had a late start; he needed to catch up with his slippery foe as quickly as possible.
Fury held up a hand to stop him. “Don’t bother. We’ve already looked.”
The Captain wasn’t anybody special.
Tony eyes him warily. “What are you talking about?”
“I know, I know,” Phil said, his hands moving to wipe away the tears from Clint’s face. “I just need you to stay strong a little while longer, okay? Because this,” he said, pointing back to the flames, “was done by bad people. Bad people that, once they figure out you’re not all dead, will continue to hunt you down. Clint, you need to run. They’re still out there and I can’t protect you right now, hell, you can't even protect yourself.
“Who did you meet with?” asked Bucky.
“Would you mind taking a picture of me and boyfriend?” he asked with a shining smile.
“Captain America!”
Steve shook his head. “I have work to do. I have to get ready for Loki.”
“How’s JARVIS coming with the encryption,” Steve directed towards Pepper.
The shots got the attention of the other agents in the building, but Rogers was prepared. Camping out behind a desk, Rogers effectively mowed through the remaining SHIELD agents.
– but maybe his therapist didn’t think so. He wasn’t sure how Dr. Coulson would be able to determine if he’d been selling classified secrets without directly asking him, but that man was an enigma. Hell, he probably knew more stuff about Steve than he knew himself.
“Wait, wait, wait!” Clint yelled, waking Tony in the process. The brunette blinked wearily in the blanket he’d wrapped around himself, frowning at the disruption. Clint came charging from the cockpit, gear wrapped up in his arms. “Don’t you dare start anything!” he shouted, running down the ramp towards the tower. “I need to be at least three floors away before the canoodling starts!”
He could hear a deep inhale, most likely Steve. Clint could almost picture the blonde man, chest puffed out as he clenched down on his hands, trying not to throw a punch. “Oh, we’ll get to that later. Now I’m gonna ask again. What the hell are you doing here?”
“He’s not, look,” Tony pointed. There, barely visible through the smoke and throngs of other cars was a single van, bright yellow letters painted on the side.
Steve couldn’t find himself to be angry at Tony. He knew that Pepper was basically family to Tony, and that he would be devastated if anything happened to her.
“They know my name, Bucky!” Steve roared, sending the chair he had been sitting in across the room.
Finally, don't mind me, I'll just be putting some foreshadowing here:
“Maybe I should get Steve,” Barton murmured, eyes tracking over Tony's form. “You don’t look very good.”
A deep sigh echoed over the speaker.
“Yep, with a few minor upgrades. They run on their own now,” Tony explained. “They don’t need to be connected to a direct source like the reactor.”
“Steve!” Clint shouted down the stairs, all while charging into the office. He raised his gun up, just in case, but it proved useless as the office was empty of Loki as well. He had definitely been in there, however. Steve was always a bit of a neat freak, but now, papers were strewn about his desk, some of the drawers opened.
Silence once again filled the room, leaving just Steve with Tony again.
“Just alright, he says,” Sam laughed. “I think doing just alright is pretty good, considering.”
He pushed that thought from his mind, focusing on pulling Steve to dry land. Bucky huffed, yanking Steve’s dead weight the final few feet, out of the shallow water and onto the shoreline. Once Steve was secure he collapsed like a pile of bricks, gasping for a deep breath.
Clint sighed. “I should go. I may have let Steve do something less humane.”
“I’m gonna go have a chat with our friend downstairs. He has some injuries to answer for.”
“Well, you certainly aren’t acting like you know!”
Steve pushed the stroller towards the final lab door. He could fix this. He
Steve’s eyes pierced into his son. “Why?”
“Tony!”
When Steve had first found Clint Barton, he was trying to rob Bucky.
“You have an interrogation technique?” Tony could hear the amusement in The Captain’s voice.
Clint actually grinned. “Probably not, but you gotta admit, that was pretty badass. If I would’ve known science was that cool, maybe I would have stayed in school.”
“How many times do I have to tell you, Barton,” Sparky sighed, lip curled in displeasure. “That’s not my name. It’s Agent Crispell.”
“But Clint will go mental if we let him back into the firefight,” Steve finished, deflating slightly as he rubbed a hand across his temple. “Let’s wait until Phil gets here. Until then, there are things we can do. Thor, try and get anything else out of your brother. I highly doubt it, but who knows, he might be more willing to talk now that we’ve got leverage now. Nat and Sam, we need inventory on what we’ve got, what we need. That goes the same for you, Bruce. I have a feeling that we’re gonna need some more medical supplies.”
Steve wanted nothing more than to wrap his arms around the man, cradling him close. He settled for burying his head into Tony's neck, wet tears smearing across the tan skin. He could hear Tony shushing him softly, his lips pressing gently under his ear. "It's okay, it's okay," Tony whispered, making Steve tremble harder.
“Yea, Sam, Tony and I already got a call. He should almost be at Stark Industries now, he flew ahead in the suit.”
“No sign of him or any of his little concoctions,” replied Tony.
“Well, whoever it is, they seem to be pretty serious. We know about your involvement with some of New York’s gangs- ”
“Okay,” he said, pulling away from Tony as to not overheat him. “Let’s go get, Bruce. Maybe he’ll have some ideas on how to get your body temperature- ”
“But what if they ask for more?”
to come up with some way to stabilize it, so why didn’t you? Sure, Bruce would have told us, but Bucky and I would stand by you no matter what you decided to do.”
Tony was sure The Captain just wanted an excuse to tie him up again.
“I did. I may have mentioned that Delmar worked for Stane.”
Steve turned back to Sam. “Don’t beat yourself up. You couldn’t have known. No one here blames you, so you shouldn’t either.”
There was a movie playing on the screen in front of him, muted, silent explosions playing out across the screen. Steve paid it no mind, however, much more intrigued with watching his fingers sink through silken locks of Tony’s hair, as the man lay sprawled across his lap, tapping idly on a tablet. The only sounds emanating being the faint taps o Tony’s fingers against the glass screen, the occasional sigh as Steve pressed harder into his scalp, and dull banging from the kitchen, where Bucky was in the middle of cooking dinner. Steve had no idea what he was making, but it smelled heavenly. With Bucky’s knack for ‘stress cooking’, Steve knew that he and Tony were in for a treat after what had happened today.
Steve huffed out a laugh. “You’re a dork.”
“Slumber party with Barnes, it is.”
“I said start without me, not run away with the whole show,” Steve said coldly, the mask of The Captain falling into place.
It was an arm.
The jet they’d taken – the one they use on all of their longer journeys – was large enough to be equipped with stacked bunks, and even a bathroom. Steve couldn’t remember how many times he’d thought about grabbing Tony and dragging him over to the small washroom or the cots with only a mere privacy sheet, pride be damned. People joined the mile-high club all the time; in fact, he and his boyfriends joined a few months ago, so it wasn’t that much of a big deal, right? Sure, Natasha might stab him, and Clint had already threatened to crash the plane, but it didn’t stop Steve from thinking numerous times that it was worth the risk.
Steve’s hands left his body long enough to unbuckle his pants pushing them down around his knees. Tony could see the outline of his erection, pressing tightly against his underwear. Tony’s mouth watered and moved to follow suit quickly, shimming out of his pants as quickly as he could.
The bell on the door chimed as Steve entered the diner. He sat in his usual spot, idly straightening out the silverware.
Steve shook his head. “Can’t. Probably won’t until this is over. I mean, it’s been weeks, and nothing has happened.”
Steve threw the fireman over his shoulder and the three men exited the building.
Phil should have taken Steve up on his offer. Taken Clint away to some small town and started over. Leave this life and finally be safe. But he knows they’d never be safe. They’d always be running.
Pepper sighed, placing her hands in her lap like a teacher would after holding back one of her kids after class. “Are you sure you’re not sending me to a meeting that’s a complete and utter waste of my time?” she asked, a perfectly manicured eyebrow raised that indicated that she already knew the answer.
The woman didn’t seem to hear their exchange. “Well, aren’t you two just the sweetest! It’s so wonderful seeing the younger generation interested in local history. Say cheese!”
Blurred images of wandering hands and empty laughs flashed through his head. How had they met? Tony had won an award for something?
Steve replied fiercely. “They’ll never take me from you.” Steve cupped Tony’s face gently in his hands, holding Tony like the precious man he was. Steve peppered butterfly kisses along Tony’s face, until Tony all but collapsed into Steve’s arms. “I won’t let them.”
“What on Earth are you doing?” Steve asked, eyes already glued to the toned legs.
Tony, of course, who flirted with anything with a heartbeat, sidled up next to Steve, flashing Bucky’s neighbor a wink. “And I’m- ”
“Obviously whoever it was, was hoping that this would happen. This couldn’t have been Bruce,” answered Steve.
Tony grinned. “Great. Besides, I did call a professional. Pepper should be here any minute.”
Steve flinched at the harsh tone. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Steve bit his lip, nodding slightly. “Yeah.”
Tony held up a finger. “Patience is a virtue.” He walked against the far wall, towards an old metal cabinet. Without even pausing, Tony grabbed the edge of the cabinet, swinging it open with practiced ease, the cabinet disgusing that fact that it was nothing more than a hidden entryway. A solid door, one seemingly fit for a bunker entrance, stood before them, complete with a keypad and thumb scanner. Tony placed his thumb on the screen, a green light appearing followed by the sound of the door being unlocked. “This is a new addition, of course,” Tony continued, nodding to the scanner, as he opened the door. “But this is the 21
Tony’s heart clenched unwillingly. Always the business man, his father was constantly looking for the neck rung to help him climb up the ladder. How many times had he dragged Tony to show him and his genius off to the world. But did Tony get any of the credit? Of course not. The man had been dead for years now and people were still talking about his legacy.
Natasha hummed. “Fine. Then I’m coming with you.”
-------------------------
But that wasn’t the case. Right?
"He has to be out there, J. There's no way he was able to wipe himself from the system- unless of course, that person is me. But something tells me that the Captain and I are not on the same educational level."
determined, stubborn ass, and I love you for it.”
“Give me the phone.”
Bucky hummed. “HYDRA usually wouldn’t go around wasting their numbers like this. I mean, we’ve had to have taken care of over fifty people in the past week. The police will be running out of cells soon.”
When Barnes didn’t respond, Tony yanked on him harder. Surprisingly, the extra force pulled Barnes from the rubble and on top of Tony.
“Something definitely died in here,” Natasha confirmed. “I hope it isn’t rats.”
"Hey- " Sam tried to protest, but was cut off by Stark swiftly reaching behind him, only to jam a side arm into Sam’s neck.
Clint didn’t verbally respond, just gave a small point across the street. There, Bucky saw a man step out of the shadows, and head over to the car Steve and Stark had driven to the warehouse. Bucky watched as the man approached slowly, a hand pressed firmly at his flank, no doubt resting on a side arm.
Tony sighed, looking down both sides of the street. He took off to the left, hoping to find some solace.
Clint raised his glass, gesturing for Thor to clink the glasses together. “To Loki.”
, I suppose, Tony thought to himself. He and Barnes weren’t the ‘glass half full’ type of man, nor were they the ‘glass half empty’. They were the ‘it doesn’t matter how much water is in there now, it’ll be gone eventually’ type of men.
Which is what Steve was trying to remind himself as he stood there gaping at the brunette. “What do you mean, no?”
“Tony,” Rhodes breathed out before the two of them were running again, tearing down the tunnel. Steve didn’t hold back any longer, screaming Tony’s name, listening to his voice echo through the sewer. It caught some attention, yes, but it was dealt with before it could even think to become a problem. He and Rhodes cut through the men efficiently, not stopping for anything.
Steve smiled, looking down at the brunette that was still passed out, seemingly pressed as tightly against Steve as possible.
All voices stopped, eyes turning to Clint.
“I knew it," Tony breathed.
“Maybe he just hasn’t been punched hard enough,” Tony bit out.
Tony didn’t realize how far he walked until he hit Central Park. Turns out that even years after his death, Howard still managed to plague his thoughts. Not to mention his fight with Obie. And Happy’s coma. And Rumlow’s background. And Fury’s threats. And The Captain and his merry men. And the constant threat of HYDRA.
“Steve!” Tony shouted, picking up his pace.
“What?”
“I’d take you to some hole-in-the-wall restaurant, the greasier the better," Steve continued. "I’d watch you flirt with the waitress to get extra fries, and laugh when you spill ketchup on your shirt. I'd walk you home in the moonlight, try and hold your hand." Steve took Tony's hand and linked it with his own. "Then if that went well, I’d would take you out again to the science museum and listen to you tell me why all your designs would be better. And if you could still stand me by then, next would be the movie theatre; I’d see how long it’d take for us to get kicked out, because I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off you." Tony snorted, imagining the pair of them messing around in the darkened room. Hushed whispers, wandering hands. Lips that had the faint taste of butter.
Nooooo, Buck, come on! I’m fine, it’s just- ”
“You’re missing the point here.”  Steve’s voice filtered through his thoughts.
Steve’s heart twisted like mangled tree roots. He remembered everything; there was no way that he couldn’t. He remembered every horrifying second as he watched the man wearing his best friend’s face look at him like he was nothing. “Hill, I can’t talk about him right now.” Even that had Steve’s throat constricting, cotton balls filling up the inside of his throat as tears threatened to spill onto his bruised cheeks.
“Jesus, Steve. Easy.”
“Neither do I,” Steve chuckled, breaking out into a grin, one that was echoed by Tony. “I don’t remember. I honestly don’t remember a time where I didn’t love you. Even when I think back to us on that Helicarrier, all I can remember is wondering whether your lips would taste like blueberries.”
“Go back to bed, Stark,” replied Barnes. “Eat a tub of ice cream and cry over a rom-com, or whatever you usually do on your days off. Just relax. I’ll send Steve up to entertain you in a little while.”
“I’m not saying that, but would it kill you to have an apple and not that candy shit- ”
Steve furrowed his brow as he tried to piece together the kid’s face. “Wait, no,” Steve snapped with recognition. “You’re that kid from the fan club! What’s your name? Uh, Smith? Oh, Schmidt! Jo Schmidt!”
Tony crossed his arms. “What the hell is this? You don’t
“What is it ma’am?”
Ward furrowed his brow. “Who?”
And things with Tony have been good – they’ve been
it hissed at her. She frowned, shaking the thoughts away as she turned away from Sam, heading towards the elevator. There was no time for grief. Not when there was still a job to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
Contact me at:
Tony working with HYDRA would explain the whole Hammer situation. Tony had no idea that HYDRA would know about The Captain showing up to raid Hammer’s warehouse. Unless The Captain thought that Tony would know. Unless The Captain thought that he was the one that told HYDRA.
Slaughtered like animals.
Around him, the rest of his crew had their guns trained on the smirking brunette, but it didn't seem to faze Stark in the least. He simply picked at an invisible spec on his perfectly tailored suit, sighing quietly to himself, like he hadn't a single care in the world. Or that he clearly wasn't threatened even while being surrounded by the entirely of Brooklyn's largest mob.
Barton swept his feet over the side of the bed, finally stretching out.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve tightly, pressing light kisses into his hair and down the side of his face. They stayed there forever, Tony just rocking Steve gently, whispering sweet nothings into his ear.
Impatient as always, Tony pulled down both of their boxers, and straddled Steve. He dragged his fingernails down Steve’s perfect flesh, reaching down to grab both of their cocks.
“No can do,” Tony replied, fixing his bowtie in the mirror. “In fact, oh, right on time,” he continued, watching as Bucky pushed open the bedroom door, a tray stacked with sandwiches and chips. “He’ll be too busy looking after you.”
The priest barely had time to finish before Steve found himself with a handful full of Tony, familiar lips molding against his. Steve sighed into the kiss, bringing his arms around to bracket Tony’s smaller frame. Steve could hear the cheers of their friends, the other heroes, but the pounding of his heart tuned them all out.
squeal. You have my word."
Tony snorted. A lot of people seem to need him these days.
Going back behind his desk, he grabbed his phone, keys, as well as his handgun. He left a note with the secretary to tell Obie he was leaving even though the man was already aware that Tony would be hunkering down for a few days. If he had other plans, well, it was nobody's business. He hopped into his personal elevator, heading straight to the garage.
his conscious dutifully reminded him. He didn’t have anything. He didn’t have anyone.
“I-I don’t understand.”
Barton turned to face him, lazy smirk adorning his face. “You didn’t see that coming?” he drawled.
“Easy,” Bucky said to his left. “Starting fights is the last thing we need right now.”
A thousand knifes pierced his skin, the weight crushing his bones.
Suddenly, Fury burst through the door. The agent on babysitting duty straightened immediately, coming to full attention. “Here’s the deal,” the man gruffed out as he stopped towards Natasha and Sam. “Pierce is in our main briefing room. He’s there with the governor and his wife. The governor is there to take some pictures and shake a few hands, the usual PR bullshit. The ceremony doesn’t start for another hour, but I’m gonna go in and sweep this up, now. As much as I would like to cuff the bastard in front of New York’s news cameras, the NYPD wants this out of the public eye as much as possible.”
Steve frowned. “Not all of them.”
Steve huffed, jamming the phone back against his ear. “Listen, pal, I’m not interested in what you’re selling. Fuck off, alright?”
Steve scoffed. “Who knows what Fury cares about, ever.” Steve stood up, starting to pace around her living room. It seemed like she wasn’t the only one who needed this talk. “Tony said he’ll come back, of course. As much as he can, but he won’t really know the damage until he gets there.” Steve paused again. “I know he’ll come back, it’s just. I can’t follow him this time, and I don’t really know what to do about that.”
“The Boss Man has a question for you.”
“Wait, what?”
“-need to call the police. They can get you-“
“You know I wasn’t going to say that,” Steve responded quickly. “I’m not willing to take the risk of you getting hurt again. Tony, you’ve been shot twice in the past month; you should be resting!”
“Uh, Tony, why don’t you head to the meeting. I’ll catch up.” Steve gave Tony’s hand one last squeeze, before ushering him to the door. Tony gave a quizzical look, but let himself he pushed out. Steve sighed as he closed the door.
“Does it matter?” Tony shouted back, already loading his own sidearm. “If they’re shooting at us, I think it’s safe to assume that they’re not on our side.”
He found Obie on the steps, posing for the paparazzi. He loved doing it, and the paps loved him for loving it. Tony remembered asking him about it one day.
“Why the fuck are you out here? Stane’s in there, and- ”
The memories he had were real. And the sleepless nights he’s had since then were very, very real.
“Steven,” Zola responded, calm as always. “It’s so good to see you. And look, you brought your loyal bloodhound.”
“Really?” Tony perked up like Steve had just told him the best news he had ever heard. Little did Steve know that a compliment from Captain America basically was the best thing that could have ever happened.
Ward shifted on his feet uneasily. “I’m not sure, Sir. Maybe there was just a typo when it printed.”
Tony thought gleefully.
When he left the service and moved to D.C., Sam had promised Riley one thing: that he would live his life to make him proud. Live the life that Riley had gifted him but didn’t save for himself. At the time, Sam had thought working at the foundation was the right answer, but it turned out it was just a stepping stone. A stepping stone to the underbelly. To the world riddled with corrupt politicians and leaders, damaged policies, and shady dealings.
“Of course,” soothed Yinsen. “I can do my job without it. Mr. Stark has assured me that you are all good people. That is good enough for me.”
Steve pushed himself up, using his shield as a make shift crutch. The inside of the building looked worse than the outside, Tony’s office looking like a blackened, empty shell.
Getting Peter wasn’t the right move. He wasn’t cut out for it. He couldn’t do it.
Steve reached out and grab Bucky’s arm.
“Well that’s good, because I don’t have time for yours. So this is how it’s going to go. We’re gonna have a little chat, and you’re going to cooperate. Do as I say and you’ll save yourself from an oncoming and definitely fatal embarrassment. I might let us part ways and let you walk out of this alive, even give you the added bonus of minimal maiming. See? I’m nice like that too.”
Pepper shot him an unimpressed gaze. “And why can’t you go to the business meeting for your own company?”
Steve walked towards the stairs slowly, weaving in and out of the stacks of files as cover. He looked at Bucky, following dutifully behind him, the man how holding Campbell’s gun. He looked at Steve with fierce eyes, but didn’t try to top him. Instead, he reached into his pocket and placed one of Tony’s grenades on a couple of crates. Steve nodded, following suit with the two he carried, dropping them quietly as he made his way towards the stairs.
“My point, Natasha, is that you are not always right. You believe that everyone in this tower thinks of you the same way everyone else does. ”
“But it’s like you said, I don’t sound concerned,” Fury countered. “Because there’s a bigger issue on the table here.”
Steve quickly slipped the condom on his cock, lining up behind Tony. Steve couldn’t help but look down in awe at Tony, slowly trailing a hand down Tony’s cheek. His chest was heaving, his lips absolutely swollen.
“I’m not a good man, Tony,” replied Steve, finally looking up to meet Tony’s gaze. “I can’t keep you safe; I can’t give you the life you deserve.”
“Ten out of ten, would shoot again,” Barton responded with a smirk.
Bruce shook his head. “There isn’t. It’s the same thing with Tony. I was in there for the surgery, Clint. There wasn’t a single bullet in him.”
Steve’s heart was pounding. There was no way out of this. He had failed his mission. He had failed Tony.
“For Christ sake, Stevie, it’s a bunch of sheets, not a calculus problem.”
He would win, this time.
He glanced down at the screen, frowning at the unknown number that blinked up at him. Calling from the capital, as well. He tapped the decline indicator on his screen.
“Was it really him, Steve? What did he sound like? What kind of mannerisms did he have?” Natasha asked.
“I’m going to tell you the same thing I’ve told you every time you wake up,” answered Fury, crossing his arms. “You don’t get to ask any questions until you answer mine.”
It was a question that plagued him the whole ride home from the press conference. He’d kept secrets in the past. He’d know what to do. But how to get an answer from Steve without giving showing his hand?
“NO!” Tony cried, yanking his body away from Rogers. “They weren’t your family! They were mine! It was my family, my friends, my
It was absolute pandemonium.
No, all he could focus on the job. And right now, his job was protecting the family that he could. He was too late for Bucky -
Natasha’s voice added in, and then Tony’s laughter took over, ringing brightly in Steve’s ear. He resisted a curse. Last thing he needed was to hear Tony’s teasing for drooling over the other man
“Pepper, listen. This really isn’t the time. I just thought that- ”
Tony giggled in his lap, biting his lip, and Steve was unable to lean down and kiss the laugh away. For once, his mind was quiet. The never-ending cacophony of questions and ‘what-ifs’ were gone, replaced by a peaceful meadow of silence.
Tony laughed again as he pulled the finally full mug from under the coffee machine, humming slightly as he curled around it’s warmth like a cat. That was until it was ripped from his hands.
“Well,” Steve said, handing the photographs back to Hill, “it looks like this place would be enough to store the files. The location itself is great; no one would question multiple delivery boxes in that area, especially if they’re covering as a package distributer. That, and it’s pretty equidistant to most of the SSR files origin locations. This will have to be our best bet.”
“Yeah, and us! What if Fury says no and arrests you,” Bucky snapped.
“This was a mistake.”
Steve shot him a questioning look. “You want too?”
“Thor, bring him back. Alive.” The blonde man grinned, nodding before giving chase to the other man.
“And I’m handling it like a hormonal teenager?” Tony replied. “God, and I thought puberty was bad.”
“And you owe me a new gun.”
“Well, he’s been staring at the glass the whole time. He knows you’re in here. Just flip on the lights and leave the room. Make him uncomfortable again in the environment. He won’t know where you are; he won’t be able to have the control he thinks he has.”
“Wait, wait! Let me finish. I’m telling you that I saw him. Here.”
“I heard that they were back. But in Manhattan.”
“We got a runner,” whispered Stark, still breathing severely.
Tony shivered, snuggling further under the blanket he was given, his face the only thing peering out over the thin material. “I can try,” he grit out, wincing at the sound of his voice, which sounded no better than an ancient engine trying to start.
fucking stupid.”
Pepper Potts was like family to Tony; Clint needed to protect Tony’s family. Maybe it would make up for the fact that Clint had failed to protect Tony.
so he wouldn't have to look back as his world literally burned around him.
“How much bigger is the Califronia King?”
“Like the plague.”
Thor whipped around to find Clint Barton staring at him, a hand stretched out with a small glass of liquor.
“Wha- what’s happening?! I saw you get shot!”
Tony had cried in return.
Steve gaped, head snapping around the surrounding patrons in the room. Was this a trap? Bucky had warned him about this, back when he threatened to walk into a simple precinct when Tony was kidnapped. And now here he was, in the NYPD
Steve took the tablet, looking down at the mess of information in front of him. It the end, none of it mattered. There was only one word that stuck out to Steve.
“Yep.”
“You’re not in any trouble, son,” Fury placated. “Relax.”
“Pentagon officials, mostly,” came the reply. “We’re thinking that HYDRA had a contingency plan. They put all the riskier targets at the beginning of the list. If there was ever a chance that Project Insight wasn’t completed, they’d still have gotten HYDRA’s biggest opponents out of the way,” she finished softly.
Bruce gave him a tired smile. “Depends. Are you asking about Tony or Steve?”
normal, Dad! I don’t wanna be what I am!”
Each day, Thor found himself more frantic to finding the last piece of his brother.
He heard one of the officers let him in. He peered out of office, listening in.
Was this was what it was like, to be part of a group like this? Did Tony want this? Steve would probably pull through, and now that all the dust had settled, was it time for him to go back to square one and head home alone, or should he stay?
Pepper stared in shock down at the Avenger below her. Clint was staring at her, looking paler than a ghost.
“Fuck,” he heard Sam hiss.
“Nat, we just interviewed that man about HYDRA bases. We were gonna let him stew before we brought him back in. We had him on the ropes, but that isn’t an option anymore, thanks to you!”
“Do we need to be somewhere?” Steve asked while glancing over at Bucky, the other man just as clueless.
They had been halfway through Arkansas when Steve had seen it. He’d pulled into a gas station and left the car to fill up with a still sleeping Tony inside. Walking idly through the dirty aisles was mainly to stretch his legs, warily eyeing the questionable merchandise, but he couldn’t help but do a double take when he saw it.
Thor stood at the top of the tower, letting the wind blow softy through his hair. He closed his eyes and sighed, thinking of better times.
Tony was about five seconds from jumping in himself when Barnes broke the surface again, chest heaving as he gulped down huge gasps of air. Before Tony could ask him anything, the man disappeared again, only to push Steve’s limp body above him. Tony reached out instantly, pulling The Captain up onto solid ground. He placed Steve under him, a shaking hand pressing against the blonde’s clammy neck. If Barnes heard the ghastly sob that left Tony’s throat when he was met with a weak pulse, he didn’t comment.
He’d left him. Left him bleeding in the sand without looking back once. Left him injured and alone while FBI agents hauled him into an unmarked van and brought him south. That last glimpse of Steve, pale and bloody, was the only thing that followed him there. It lingered in his thoughts and haunted his dreams every day and night. He remembered Sarah Rogers whispering in his ear,
Fury gave him another blank stare. “I’m the man asking the questions.”
“Give the man a break; I mean, he does have a company to run,” Bruce retorted.
Steve hugged him tightly at his front door, fingers digging into his back, his head tucked neatly into Bucky’s neck. “I’ll miss you, Buck,” he whispered. “I’ll come back for you.
“I’m not saying that,” Steve sighed. “All I’m saying is that we both have to make sacrifices if we’re going to raise him.”
Clint's hands balled into fists unconsciously, as if preparing to defend their newest employee. He should have known it wouldn't have taken Stark long to weave himself in with the rest of his family.
Clint felt himself grinning, already knowing where this was heading.
They’re everywhere. You should stop while you’re ahead, before you get too deep. Quit poking around the different groups here, because every friend you make in this city will give you three more enemies. There is no way I’m going to get myself involved over something like this just based on your paranoia. You know what they say; curiosity killed the cat.”
Tony straightened up immediately, flashing a quick smile to the man that just walked in. “Obie! What are you doing here?”
"Not much," answered Obie. "There weren't any weapons laying around, so the shipping containers took the brunt of the attack. Damages like that can be replaced."
“Alright, alright, I get it,” Steve said. “Now, close your eyes.”
Clint sighed. “You really should leave the mother henning to Steve, Tony. And besides, everyone knows you can’t cook for shit.”
Steve stared down at the picture, zooming in on the picture, eyes pouring over each corner. It didn’t look like anything was missing. Each of the sketches remained undisturbed, staring back at him in their rightful place.
“Cold?” That wasn’t right. Clint had lost count of the number of times he’d been shot, but he’d never felt cold. “No way,” he whispered.
“Clint, I don’t know- ”
“What the hell, Barnes?” Tony snarled. “You obviously don’t agree with the man!”
“I do feel that The Captain holds your safety as his top priority, Sir. It’s about time someone did.”
Rogers was wrong. Steve didn’t care what he said, Tony is not Iron Man. He
“I am begging you, here. I’ll give you anything; you’re the only people I know that will get me that answers I need. If you won’t do it for me, then do it for Steve. The only reason I’m out here asking is because Steve is wasting away because Stark is gone. The man is broken. So do it for him. You guys owe him that much.”
“You gonna share with the class?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow.
Tony sighed. “Steve, I appreciate the fact that you think my genius knows no bounds, but I don’t know anything about the stars.”
She nodded once. “Where’s Steve?”
That’s why now, Steve was cautious about his response. He knew that the man needed space sometimes. He needed space before they were dating, so of course Tony would need time for himself now. And he knew that Tony wasn’t lying… exactly. Every trip down to the lab, with each table littered with projects that only Tony could understand, was more than enough evidence. But it was more than that. The way Tony had buried his face into Steve’s chest to avoid contact had been answer enough. There was something else going on.
Bucky was going to kill him.
Steve jolted at the voice next to him. “What the- who are you supposed to be?”
Clint broke his eyes away from Steve, managing to get even paler. “No reason.”
she had whispered, thumb rubbing over his cheekbone.
didn’t ask for this? What do you think I’ve been listening to him giggle about the whole way here?” replied Steve.
“Tony, come on. You can’t keep hiding in your office like a- oh. I didn’t realize you had company.”
“Give it.”
Tony couldn’t help but think.
Sam shook his head. “As always, Cap, my humor would be wasted on you.”
The shrill beeps rang loudly through his ears, each tone like a hammer against his skull. As if he couldn’t read.
The three others at the table looked at him expectantly. He started every show, promptly at the beginning of the hour. Tardiness was one of the many things that was eradicated in the Army.
“Don’t you dare,” the blonde snapped. “I don’t wanna hear whatever convoluted therapist talk you have for me. This isn’t one of these things were you can whisper some motivation in my ear and then everything will be fine. Because it won’t, Sam! So keep it to yourself, because I don’t wanna hear it.”
“Oh, sure, you break into my house, and
“Funny,” Fury sighed. “That’s what I was going to ask you.”
“Steve. We need you here. The package, I brought it in. The guard said it was from Bruce Banner.”
Hill stood up with another fake smile. “Half of the city is out looking for these men. They’re dangerous; killers. If you see anything, you know who to call.” With that, Hill gave Tony a last nod, and headed out the door.
He swam as hard as he could, arching around the building that had gone up in flames. The explosions had been so powerful that some of the buildings around the warehouse were also alight.
He wondered if they’d arrested Obadiah yet.
“I’m sorry, what?” Barnes gaped. Tony scoffed, grabbing at his comb to run through his hair a final time.
His friends, his
Of course, it was just his luck when he was stopped by his phone ringing.
“Steve? Stevie?”
“How much did that thing cost you anyway?”
Steve pulled back, trailing his fingers down Tony’s face, following the line of his beard. “You look like a man who never got the experience to decide if he wanted it or not.”
my company,” Tony snarled, stomping away from Christine, photos still in hand. He needed answers.
“A distraction,” Barton whispered, pulling out his gun.
“That’s not – wait, why am I Louise?”
“Of course you don’t. I’ll be back later.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Not trying to convince the man otherwise, Loki flew down the hall, turning right to find the door, just as Barton promised. He flew it open, ready to run into the sewers-
“I’m sorry, since when do you play golf?” Tony questioned. “Last time a checked, it was a gentleman’s sport. And a gentleman, Sir, you are not.”
Pierce jolted forward in his seat. That was unexpected. “I’m sorry?”
“That’s a Tomas Veres, you ass,” he gasped.
Tony froze. “What?”
Clint smirked at Steve. "
Steve hummed before surging up, a strong hand wrapping around Tony as he twisted the pair around, dropping Tony down onto the bed, looming over him. “Well, if I knew all that I know now,” he started, dropping a kiss to Tony’s lips, “then I would know how I feel about you. How much you drive me crazy,” he added into Tony’s ear, biting along his neckline. Tony flushed, his arms circling tightly around Steve, fingers digging into the strong muscles along his back. “If I got a do-over, I could do it right. Tell you who I was off the bat; convince you to give me a chance anyway. Take you on dates, bring you flowers.”
He’d left Afghanistan and angry and broken young man. But he wasn’t young anymore. He’d spent more time in D.C. than he had when he was deployed, leaving one war just to go any fight another one. But this time, his enemies weren’t unseen. They weren’t hiding in the sands, they were boasting in plain sight. Walking the same streets as him, breathing the same air. Flaunting their victories.
to attack one of his warehouses, Stark Industries having recently purchased a few new ones for manufacturing storage. While the warehouse itself wasn’t operational yet, Tony had a meeting last week with some contractors to see the progress. The Captain would, or so he had promised, show up, shoot some bullets, break some windows, throw around some threats. The usual. The contractors would see The Captain’s response, more rumors would spread, and boom. Tony Stark and The Hollowing Commandos would be at war.
"The same reason you told them your name," Tony replied with a soft, knowing smile. "You asked me earlier, what we were. But, I don't know how to quantify this. All I know is that I don't... I-I can't..."
Natasha snorted.
” Steve roared, kicking the nearest chair over.
“Potentially, there is a delusional pyro on the second floor who has already detonated three bombs today. Who knows what else he’s cooking up in there,” Rhodey sighed.
Clint had forced himself to read this one however. About one week into searching, Clint realized that the list of nine names was getting him nowhere. Either these people didn’t exist, or they were so far off the grid, that they were impossible to track. It was only when he flipped through the files for the millionth time that he caught a break.
Barnes placed the gun on the desk, still facing Tony, and crossed his arms over his chest. “That stunt you pulled at the warehouse.”
This was it. They had found HYDRA. And just like the time before, Steve would lay them to waste.
Hill pocketed the radio and looked at Steve. “That’s the best I can get you right now,” she said.
Of course The Captain would know that he wouldn't sit quietly. I trust you, he had said.
Clint snapped in response. “Why don’t you do something useful like find info that will help me catch the culprit before I start shooting everyone until I find him myself. Spoiler alert; I’m going to start with you.”
Seeing Barnes was tough. It didn’t even look like the man Tony knew. He looked small, breakable. His skin was red and blotchy, burns from flames that Tony couldn’t save him from. There were cuts and bruises forming along his side, no doubt from the debris. And the missing arm? Even after finally being removed of the blood and gore that had covered it before, Tony still wanted to run to the nearest trash can.
Tony furrowed his brow. “You know I never said yes to that job offer!”
There was no one out there, no man, woman, or child that could make Tony Stark behave. Not even Steve could, on his best day. But here the man was, a man that Bucky had seen prowl into past meetings like a predator, armed only with a cutting smile and a wicked tongue, standing almost docile in front of the cameras. No snide comments, innuendos, anything. Just the cards. And after proof that everything that could have gone bad did, Tony Stark continued to be a dancing monkey for the FBI.
Steve tried to pull away, but let Tony drag him back down for a real kiss. “Stop it. I can hear the gears grinding in your head. You’re gonna hurt yourself,” Tony chuckled.
Tony gaped at older woman, plump with wealth and finery, false sympathy barely seen through the layers of makeup, jewelry, and designer clothes. Tony would have charged right at here if Obie hadn't intercepted him.
“Well, when I say we have to go through every one individually, I wasn’t joking. So that means everyone that works here and everyone at our other offices across the country. Oh, and we have to go back track through data from almost four months ago.  So yeah, it’ll take a while.”
Turning on the water, Steve quickly stepped out of his clothes, just dumping it into one of the laundry baskets. Steve wasn’t sure how, and wasn’t sure he’d ever know, but no matter what they threw in there, it always found its way back to the corner of their bed, folded and completely spotless.
Clint turned back around. “What?”
Olivia nodded with a small smile. She tugged Steve to sit back down on the bench. The two sat for a moment, looking down at the grave. “My grandfather had a hard life,” Olivia started.
“That really worked?”
“Healthcare package,” Tony quipped.
Bucky just smiled. “I said that you couldn’t report Tony missing. Why don’t we just ask someone else?” Steve opened his mouth to respond, but Bucky dragged him back up the stairs and through the door. “Come on; I’ve got a plan.”
“I’m sorry, the speakeasy?” Pepper interrupted. “He showed you the speakeasy?”
a troll.”
“Nice try, J. I’ll sleep later; Daddy’s got work to do.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile.
“Stark,” Tony heard The Captain groan from the backseat.
Tony looked away in shame. He knew none of this was going to go over with the rest of the room, but with each passing second, he couldn’t help but feel more defeated and broken.
Tony looked at the ground before glancing over at The Captain. Tony saw as he rubbed a hand at the back of his neck, a faint blush dusting across his cheeks. Tony smirked at The Captain, seeing as he looked like someone who got in trouble at school. When he looked back at Romanoff, the smile fell quickly from his face when he was met with another icy stare.
he was so beautiful.
It was enough to drive any man mad. Steve knew because he felt the same way in the hospital. In those first few days, barely lucid and doped out of his mind on drugs, Steve could kid himself by imagining the smaller man, hearing his voice, feeling his touch on his skin, seeing him sit by his bedside. But the drugs wore off and he realized he was alone, trapped in the square room with nothing to do but stare at the starch white ceiling all day and concoct the worst ‘what-if’ scenarios for his lover and his family. If Fury hadn’t taken mercy on him and put his mind to ease, Steve didn’t know what kind of state he would be in now.
Tony had tried to distract himself in his lab while JARVIS ran facial scans on both The Captain and the mystery man. Usually Tony could lose himself in his work for hours, sometimes even days, but right now he found himself asking JARVIS for an update every few minutes.
Tony sat back down behind a lab table, dropping his head down on top of the cool metal. This was not going as planned.
He heard a warm chuckle over the phone.
Steve sighed.
,” hissed The Captain.
“Whoever it was, they know my address. If they want me, they can very well come get me.”
Delmar finally took in their surroundings.
“Get the fuck off me,” Clint snapped at Sam, pushing the man off as he struggled to get off the couch.
Unconsciously, Steve drew a hand up Tony’s back up to his neck, his fingers ghosting over his pulse. It was a new habit of his, one that he couldn’t seem to get out of. Tony, of course, was nice enough not to say anything about it, just leaving Steve to his ministrations. A steady heartbeat drummed under his fingertips. Healthy.
“Yes, Sir?”
Rogers kept walking through the house, checking each door, looking for Clint. He was reaching for the last doorknob when a new memory hit him.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked. His blood was pounding, his brain screaming at him to charge, to squeeze the life out of the slug in front of him, but Bucky grabbed at his wrist, holding him back.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Steve was babbling but Bucky didn’t hear him over the roaring of his own ears.
Welp. This story seems to have gotten away from me a bit. Oh well.
Bucky smiled. “That’s right, Stevie,” he said, but Steve wasn’t listening.
“You okay?” Steve asked, backing off in concern. “I didn’t hurt you, did I?”
The Captain thrust Tony harder against the wall. "I didn't squeal. I
Steve stepped in, blocking the man’s path. “Yes, this is a very big problem, Clint, but we can’t do anything about this now. Phil’s made it this far keeping out of the spotlight, I think he can handle one more day. Wait until he gets off shift, and bring him back here, okay? I promise you, we’ll do everything we can to keep him safe.”
When did the policemen become the politicians? “And I am a citizen of said city. Doesn’t that mean you have to protect me to?”
“You already did!” Tony yelled. “Jesus, Phil, how could you- ”
When he heard Tony sigh softly into his mouth, it really hit him. This was real. Tony, alive and warm in his hands, was real. This was real, and he could have this. This was the first of many mornings they’d have. Together.
The elevator dinged as he reached the main floor, the doors opening smoothly. Tony had barely stepped out of lift before he heard the shouts.
Could they fix it? Phil was in the wind again, probably never to be seen again. Hell, he’d been the one to help Tony pull the lever, staring back down at the trolley in the face.
"You make it seem like he only lost his favorite pair of shoes."
It wasn’t even the product itself – in fact, said product was just another grimy neck pillow that yet again claimed to be voted best on the market. No, it was the cheesy stock photo that was at the center of the packaging. It was hardly different than what he had probably seen a million times before – a fake couple snuggled together next to a fake fire, with fake smiles to match. But for the life of him, Steve couldn’t help but think of Tony. Couldn’t help but think of his eyes glowing against the bright flames, or how warm his body would feel as he snuggled up next to Steve’s under the stars.
Hammer startled. “
The taller man just sighed in response, his expression falling into a familiar one of fond exasperation, one that he usually wore when dealing with Tony.
Pierce had implanted the use of the cyanide pills not too long ago. With such sensitive information him and his men were working with, there was no way they could let anyone get their hands on it. It was quick and easy, not to mention a perfect way to test loyalties.
“We need to head back to base,” said Tony. Steve smiled at the fact that Tony was pressed close against his side, unwilling to leave any space between them.
“What? Why?”
It wasn’t hard to fall in fine with The Commandos. The comradery they shared was familiar, just like what he shared with his unit while he was deployed. So, there he was, fighting yet another war.
"What?" That wasn't what he was expecting.
century vampire or a gay illusionist.”
“Oh, please,” Tony snorted. “You haven’t seen anything yet.”
“Clint, you didn’t- ”
“Yeah, his name’s Gaylord,” Bucky smirked. “His family’s very French; a family of illusionists, would you believe? Very eccentric, but I don’t know, I think he pulls it off.”
“Don’t try and defend yourself,” retorted The Captain, his grip tightening on his gun. Tony's eyes were glued to the finger resting on the trigger; one wrong word and its all over.
“Then it’s gone,” Bucky answered, voice just as broken. “I’ll call Bruce, and- ”
“You sick son of a bitch,” Steve scorned. “HYDRA should have died with the Red Skull.”
he broke off in a cry, his body jolting as the new reactor locked into place.
“I had to protect my people!” argued Tony. “You can’t tell me you wouldn’t have done the same thing in my position.”
“My men waited until he left. I took precautions; I’m not an idiot,” Pierce hissed. “Besides, it's better this way. The best way to get to The Captain is through his crew.”
Steve shuddered before standing up, scanning the room. Nothing out of the ordinary; just a bleached white room filled with the soft breathing of Tony’s bodyguard.
over to Sam. Steve agreed, and sent a reassuring smile Sam’s way. He had no doubt that Natasha could take care of herself, but they were stronger in numbers. He sure as hell didn’t trust Fury to pull something on the fly – much like he was planning on doing. Pairing up was the best way for all of them to watch each other’s backs.
Tony shouted in alarm, picking up a lamp to use as a weapon. When he whirled around, he groaned. “Goddamn it, Steve. What the hell?”
Tony couldn’t help but smile. “Wow, you really weren’t joking.”
The small girl huffed, shoulders dropping in defeat. “Again,” she said despairingly. “I shouldn’t be doing this without the barre. I’m not ready.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered and Steve was sure he heard a soft moan of his name.
“Considering you just learned about S’mores today, I don’t think that you can pass judgement on how people eat them.”
Steve nodded slowly. “When The Commandos first faced HYDRA as a team, we were woefully unprepared. We lost a lot; we didn’t understand the things they were capable of. We barely able to scrape through a with a win. This time, we thought ourselves so much better. We thought that taking care of them would be no more work than dealing with the common pest. I was too headstrong to realize that we’re in the exact same boat as we were before.”
Tony looked around the room again, giving a soft chuckle. “This is ridiculous,” he whispered to himself, bringing his hands around to his front, throwing the now useless rope in between the men’s feet. “You gotta learn how to tie better knots,” he said, smirking at The Captain.
“Complaining makes it seem like I’m whining.”
“I wouldn’t say terrorize,” Tony grumbled.
At some point in time later, after at least an uncomfortable and silent fifteen minutes, the man had asked him something, but Tony, being the adult he is, had blatantly ignored him.
Clint had never seen Steve cry like this. He’d heard it once, curled up in the vents, when the entire team thought Bucky was dead. But seeing it was something else entirely. It was a harsh reminder that no matter how strong the man was, Steve was still human. That he was just as broken as the rest of them.
“It was a euphemism and you know it!” Tony hissed.
The two took off running for the old Avengers tower.
“Stay safe,” Clint whispered in return, staying on the phone until he heard Phil hang up. He thumped his head against the wall, letting the New York chill breeze over him.
“I thought you were going to let me go quietly? You just blew your cover!”
Phil wasn’t oblivious to the speeding car, heading down the tracks towards him. He knew what was coming, what would happen if it hit. He
were worth it."
The Captain stared back at him innocently. “I’m sorry?”
“We have a mole,” Pepper agreed.
Tony whirled around. “Excuse me?”
“Good to see you, buddy,” Tony returned, shooting a smile back easily. “Everyone, this is Yinsen,” said Tony. “He runs the shop.”
Hill walked over to flick on a light. “Power’s out,” she replied tersely. “JARVIS isn’t going to be answering any time soon.”
“I think we’ve put off this meeting long enough, don’t you think?”
It used to satisfy him. That was, until he went to Afghanistan. He lost count of the times he found himself standing outside, head tilted back, mouth open wide, gaping like a fish. They all looked the same to him, but he could never find it in him to get bored, or to look away. He didn’t think he’d ever looked up more than when he was on tour. He sure as hell didn’t do it when he was at home. In fact, it was one of the easiest ways to tell the difference between a local and a tourist. Tourists look up; New Yorkers don’t. There was nothing up there of worth. No stars, just artificial lights; reminders of the millions who were also stuck in the concrete jungle, and looming buildings that, after a while, all start to look the same.
Steve tightened his hold on Tony, rocking the smaller man gently. “You would never,” Steve answered surely.
the man was almost as terrifying as Romanoff. Which, of course, shouldn’t have been a surprise considering how Tony already knew how dangerous Barnes was. But he was always a terror, The Captain’s right hand man.
-------------------------
“Tony.”
“You think he would sell to HYDRA?” Steve asked, leaning closer to Stark.
“That’s mine,” Clint managed to slur out.
Steve’s breath hitched as Tony’s hands pressed lower, a gentle question to see if the offer was still on the table. And while Steve’s body seem to jolt an affirmative yes, his brain clearly wasn’t done, as Steve muttered a quick, “wait,” against Tony’s mouth before pulling back.
Now, hours later, Tony sat at the abandoned bar of the speakeasy, twirling a tumbler of scotch in his hand. He’d sat there many times before – after long days at the office, when arguments with Pepper or Rhodey went sour. He even used it as a hideout from his parents a few times. It would just he him and a single malt, shutting out the world for a few hours of peace.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, stepping closer to the quickly retreating man. “Do you know that for a fact?” Tony broke off with a laugh. “Of course you don’t. You don’t know anything; you
Phil gave him a shaky laugh in return. “I’m a crooked cop, Stark. There’s no way I should have known the things that I knew unless I was involved. Fury already had the conclusion, but he and his team couldn’t act on anything without a confession.”
swearing.
“What about me?” Tony replied.
when Tony saw it. He barely had time to snatch it before Stane was grabbing at Tony’s throat, boot stomping on his armored hand. He felt himself gasp for air he knew he couldn’t breathe anymore. Obie grinned down at him manically, tightening his grip on Tony’s throat.
Steve hadn’t felt the first tears spill over his cheeks, only feeling the pounding in his brain as it replayed ‘
Tony sat up on his elbows, looking down at Steve’s doubtful gaze. “Yeah,” Tony placated, shooting Steve a smile. “I trust you.”
Bucky had said.
“You better choose your next words carefully, Rogers,” Tony snarled, slapping at where the blonde was holding him.
Steve sat back up, looking around.
The door opened, and Delmar was faced with a new face.
“Well, that’s just great,” Bucky drawled.
Steve hummed.
“Tony.”
“At least you know, now. You’ll put an end to it, I’m sure.”
“Yea, you’re right, I just- ”
Steve forced his body not to react, blatantly ignoring the way his brain was screaming at him.
“You’re reading into this wrong.”
“I’m sorry,” Bucky replied, voice heavy. “The van came out of nowhere and just… I couldn’t stop it. And then Clint, he wouldn’t leave, but there were cops everywhere. I had to get him out of there before he did something stupid!”
Have a great week!
Steve smiled lightly but Barnes interrupted before he could respond. “What are we gonna do about Stane?”
The Captain flushed, breaking eye contact with Tony. “I was talking with Happy. The doctor said that it helps if you talk with him, that he might hear everything.”
“Of course, Sir. You can yell at me about all the work I’m keep you from when I get there.”
But that didn’t stop the nagging in the back of Bucky’s head. Probably the same nagging that had Tony making call after call to Steve. The file drops, they were everything to Steve. It was all he had left of the SSR, and it was something that Bucky had thought he would never give up. Steve defended those files more than a dragon would protect the last of his own gold hoarde.
“Baby, you know why we can’t do that,” Tony replied, starting the car, his heart throbbing in his chest. Pietro was always more withdrawn, never quite fitting into status quo. Tony could relate, of course, what with his advanced brain and snarky attitude that had landed him in a few too many fist fights. Being a parent now, Tony wanted the exact opposite for his son. But he wasn’t normal; none of them were. Even if the other kids didn’t know about his ability, his silver hair and shocking blue eyes turned heads wherever he went.
“And you pulled him from a burning building. That means you saved them both in my book.”
Pierce hummed. “And tell me, Officer Ward, what time does that say?”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Bucky answered. “Forgive me for not being peachy enough after being smacked awake. Which was for what reason, again?”
With unyielding force, Thor brought the hammer down on the poor man’s fingers, the blow crushing each one before moving on to the next one. It was brutal; the man’s screams barely were barely muffled by the gag, but Steve never flinched once. This was just the beginning.
Bucky shrugged. “I don’t know, enough? Why?”
“And don’t even think about going down to the lab!”
A gun cocked behind him.
“I’m sure it was such a hardship living in a mansion on the lakeside,” Steve snorted. “You’d think you would have been able to take better care of yourself,” he added without thinking twice.
“My life?!
“That deal is already cut and dried. Coulson’s confessed; there isn’t anything you can do for him now.”
Tony shook his head, hands balled into fists at his sides. Maybe he shouldn’t have come home. Everything was too close, he needed air, he needed-
“That’s when the SSR reared its ugly head. Like I mentioned before, the SSR only dealt in secrets. Secrets that everyone else would kill to know. If anyone had a problem following their rules? One quick message was all it took before they’d be dead in the gutter.”
“I’m not here to talk about the properties,” Steve replied, the unspoken ‘
The table groaned as it tried to stop Wanda’s magic, Pietro’s feet kicking wildly against the other side. Tony was mere seconds away from calling the rest of the suit as he felt Wanda try and wriggle out of his grasp. Steve was shouting, the kids fighting, and the baby crying as their house fell apart around them.
It was odd, having pleasant conversation with the man. One could say they were almost friendly. Steve could see the extra effort Stark was putting in, and Steve was more than happy to meet him halfway. Although it was never discussed, he and Stark seemed to be on the same page that their first join operation was a complete disaster. With Rumlow dead, and the trail predictably going cold again, the pair made an unspoken agreement to learn from their mistakes and do better. Although he was never vocal about it, Steve was staring to realize that Stark had a lot to risk in this venture against HYDRA; just like he knew Steve does.
“There was someone else here,” murmured Natasha.
He would be fine. He was always fine.
They wouldn’t understand. No one would.
The man nodded and walked away, starting to fix the drink.
“You drifted off again, man. Maybe you should go to sleep.”
Hammer sat quietly as he faced Alexander Pierce. They were holed up in one of Pierce’s many meeting spots, a safe harbor for HYDRA. Pierce was looking down at his hands, deep in thought. Hammer tried to steady his heartbeat, hoping that he had made the right decision.
“Yea, I’m still here. Listen, I’m going to go and grab Steve. We’ll catch up with you later.” With that, he hung up, handing the phone back to the still gushing woman with a final wink.
When they finally pulled up to his house, Steve opened his mouth.
“Well, I’ve never been stable ever, so you’re still doing better than me if my math is right.”
They were silent as they redressed, one passing the other their respective clothing. Tony was grateful that Steve didn’t mention anything when he slipped the blonde’s shirt over his head, instead of his own. He watched, nose buried deep in the fabric –
“How do you- ” but he cut himself off at Tony’s raised eyebrow. “Right, stupid question.”
Thor came and sat next to Bruce on the bench.
He couldn’t hear what Tony said back, but it had Natasha laughing before she hung up the phone.
“Is that all this company is to you, a meal ticket?”
“Come on, Tony, you gotta fight,” he pleaded.
She didn’t need the approval of the rest of her team; she didn’t even know why she was bothered when she didn’t have it.
Pierce groaned again. “Any way we can see who else accessed the info? See who else found the name?”
wasn’t a lie. There was little Tony hated more than a board meeting. “Go,” he said softly.
“He’s in shock, Clint. You can’t expect him to bounce back from everything,” said Bruce, walking out of the room they were keeping Steve. Bruce didn't shut the door completely, leaving it cracked open. It was a habit they'd gotten into, setting the door open just enough for them to catch a glimpse of Steve as they walked by his office. Just to make sure he really didn't do anything stupid.
Steve didn't respond. His head was whirling, waiting for the moment for Stark to laugh in his face, call off his bluff and blow the building to pieces.
It was the best sleep Steve had gotten in a long time, and he had taken a seventy year nap once.
“But I also know that I can’t make you do that. I can’t do that to you; I can’t use Steve against you. I won’t. If you won’t tell Steve, I swear to you that I’ll go back and tell him myself. You won’t have to get involved, hell, you don’t have to see me or any one of us ever again. So I’ll let you decide. It’s your choice.”
Tony hummed. “Well, I’m not gonna lie, Barnes. You would look
Steve shot him a questioning look.
“You’re cute when you’re naïve,” Bucky snorted. “How do you think I was able to pay for all our school lunches.”
“Well, it’s a good thing none of them are in charge,” Steve joked. “Besides, they act like that whenever someone new shows up. Bucky burnt holes in all of Sam’s pants once just to try and get him to leave.”
“You find the intruder?” Steve kept his voice level, but in no way was he calm. Months of pent up frustration screamed for him to spill blood.
He didn’t know how deep HYDRA went, he didn’t know how long Fury would drag it out. He wasn’t even sure that if it ever ended, they’d be able to come back as if nothing had happened. He couldn’t even be sure if they would all survive.
Quite a find, according to him. He said his men were out on a simple drug bust when they managed to find them.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“I know.”
“Steve.” The blonde forced himself to meet Pepper’s gaze once again. “I know what you’re doing,” she continued, her voice soothing, like a warm blanket covering his shoulders. “I’m just going to take him back to the tower. I’m going to stay with him the whole night; I’ll even take Happy with me. Besides, JARVIS is still running with every single security protocol that Tony’s installed, not to mention the rest of your team will be on standby. No one will get close to touching Peter. He’ll be as safe as he possibly can be.”
An elongated answer slipped out of Tony’s mouth. “Noooo, I’m not,” he drawled, not doubt doing exactly what Pietro had said, making obnoxious faces at Peter to get the boy to eat.
“I don’t need of the same guns, I need variety. I need a golden egg, and you’re going to help me get it.” He reached into his pocket, pulling out a worn photo to hand to Tony.
“You didn’t,” Tony said, Steve realizing he hadn’t kept his thoughts to himself. “I don’t think there was anything there to find – for a while at least. When I was first injected, nothing was wrong; I felt great. I think Extremis was expending itself on healing me, so I didn’t feel any of the nasty side effects. But I’m healthy now,” Tony added. “It’s got nothing else to do but build up in my chest.”
Tony thought. “What are you doing here, Barnes?”
Steve nodded. “Stay on my six,” he replied, charging off into the least lit space. He could feel flames licking against his legs, singing his clothes, but Steve pushed forward, aiming for the east wall. With one good shove, Steve felt the wall give, bricks and mortar flying everywhere as they managed to not only break out of the building, but break into the next one.
A brilliant star gone supernova, until there’s nothing left but the empty and unforgiving void of space.
“Oh, nothing to say now?” Clint sneered. “I’ve sat through three days of you blabbering into my ears, and now you’ve got nothing to say?”
There was a muffled curse and they few sharp thuds and then there the man was, pushing past a few pieces of fallen debris. He looked fairly similar as he did the last time Tony saw him, in this very building. Thin, pale and broken, although this time he was covered with dust and a faint glimmer of hope. He stopped when he met Clint’s gaze. “Clint,” he whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing,” Steve answered. “Don’t worry, Natasha said that there is a campsite to the south that we can still check.”
“Bruce Banner?”
were it for her. She had been foolish. She had been wrong.
Eventually, Tony's whimpers ceased, tremors lessened, his breaths evening out. Still, Steve pushed closer, offering every inch of heated skin that he could. He wasn’t sure how long they sat there, Steve crying as Tony rocked him slightly.
Thank God he wasn’t too far away from their main hideout.
Steve woke up gasping.
“What the hell do you think will happen if information starts pouring out about this guy? HYDRA will know we’ve got him, and they’ll come after us!”
He turned to see Stark give an almost sheepish smile. “Steve and I seem to have a hard time following instructions.”
from room to room over the blood roaring through his veins, adrenaline pumping into every inch of him.
Bucky laughed harder, breaking off into a couching fit. Steve reached for water, Bucky accepting it gratefully as the other man helped pour it down his throat.
“The men who kept me,” Tony began slowly. “They wanted me to build them weapons. One weapon, in particular. An idea that I’d come up with a few years before, to give to the military. Based on its testing however, I decided to scrap it. It was too dangerous, even for them. If The Jericho fell into the wrong hands, it could be catastrophic. So I got rid of it before it even hit the market." Tony sighed, continuing. "Somehow they got their hands on a set of plans and tried to force me to do it. I refused, of course, which landed me in the state I am now,” Tony laughed hollowly. “I guess they finally figured out that beating the shit out of me wasn’t going to work on me.”
Numbly, Tony found himself following the other man, not without a final glance towards a still silent Steve. Barton led him to a smaller room, towards the back, and for a hot second, Tony thought Barton was bringing him back here to kill him. That was, until clothes were thrust into his hands.
“Anthony Edward Stark! You do not hang up on me!”
“You’re leaving? What about The Wrecking Crew?”
Barnes looked away, shifting on his feet like he was embarrassed. "I know I haven't exactly been the most welcoming," Barnes tried to placate.
and- ”
it meant. Steve couldn't help but slump in relief knowing both Clint, even Stark, would pull through. Bruce started to pack up his med kit, but Stark kept on talking, with no end in sight. Steve rolled his eyes, shoving pain killers in Stark’s face.
Steve watched as the rest of his closest confidants filled the empty seats around him, offering nothing but soothing smiles. Steve’s chest panged in guilt as his team, as always, came to him with open arms. That after everything he’d done, they could still sit next to him. He didn’t deserve it.
Steve ignored Bucky, barreling past the man and out of his office, leaving the room for the first time in days. He checked the waistband along his back to make sure his sidearm was still there as he took the stairs down to the main level two at a time.
“And he’s going to get bored.”
Tony’s hands trembled as they traced over the police logo of the hat.
Tony hummed in agreement, arm curling around Steve’s neck, keeping him from pulling away. Steve was more than happy to stay, the blonde leaning down further until his body fully engulfed Tony’s, giving Tony access to explore his expansive back.
“Relax? Are you listening to the same conversation that I am?
“So this is how he did it,” Obadiah gaped.
He could feel the burn return, the incessant need to cross the finish line searing into his brain. But it wasn’t fucking enough. Tony let out a sob, and apparently Steve knew exactly what he needed because the grip on his hips turned to stone, Steve jacking up into Tony in double time.
“Absolutely,” Bucky grinned.
“Yes,” Rhodey answered, smiling at the fact that he knew Tony didn’t think he’d said it out loud. To be fair, Tony wasn't exactly planning on waking up again. In fact, when he first did, he had assumed that maybe that bullshit about heaven had been right, as he found himself surrounded by his friends. Of course, that dream had been shattered very quickly by Rhodey, who politely informed him that while heaven did exist, there was no way that Tony would have ever made it up there. At least Rhodey also added that he would be burning in hell alongside him; that's a friend right there.
“Perfect,” Tony answered gleefully.
Another door opened, Tony hearing the steps of The Commando’s fill the room, finding their places for their ‘family meeting’, as Cap had put it.
“Maybe I wasn’t asking.”
Glancing up, the two could see Tony peering back through the window he had broken. “It’s all clear up here if you ever feel like joining the party.”
“I’ll look.” Ward slipped back out through the door, only to return not minutes later.
“Don’t you dare get in the suit,” Steve started, but Tony wasn’t listening, already half in.
“I don’t hate you, Stark,” Barnes answered, almost quietly. “I just hate what you stand for. Regardless of who you see us as now, The Captain, as well as the rest of us, have had a pretty shitty life. We’ve all had to sacrifice a lot to get where we are today. But, I know people like you. You’re all flash and show, a bright meteor shining across the sky. What people forget about meteors, is that no matter how brilliant they are, they leave nothing but a wake of destruction. And Cap? He’s latched onto you for the ride. You come in with your thousand watt smile and new ideas and suddenly Cap is no better than a kid in a candy shop. See, I know people like you; I know you. Guys like you can bitch to Cap all day long about how ‘we’re on the same side’, but I know better. I mean, you just said it yourself. You’re not on the same side; you’re on
“Until HYDRA showed up. They wanted all that power to themselves. They wanted to run the show their way.”
“Someone trying to beat the crap out of your boyfriend?” Clint grimaced, his face throbbing. “Technically, I was, so let’s just call it even, huh?”
-------------------------
“I want you to think long and hard about what you just said. In case you haven’t noticed, HYDRA is still out there, I’m not going to just sit on the sidelines, and- ” Tony started.
But who was he kidding? Tony knew there was no way that he could dismantle HYDRA by himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve took a deep breath. “Tony, I- ”
“You do realize I have a day job, right?”
Bucky could see the emotions flash across the other man’s face as he waited for the outburst. Hell, Stark might even just kill him right there. But he wasn’t going to lie to Stark. The man’s been through enough shit already; the least Bucky could do is offer something that Stark had probably never had before: a choice.
Tony curled himself over Steve’s chest, sticking his face into Steve’s neck. There were no words spoken, just their gasps and guttural moans. It was too much, they were too desperate. They wouldn’t last long at this rate.
“Thanks,” Steve murmured, taking in the clean set of clothes, water bottles and packed sandwiches.
Steve couldn’t help but startle.
“You haven’t been in to say hello. Even Thor stopped by, and you know how much he likes me,” Tony tried to joke.
“This was his doing,” Natasha said, walking over to Loki’s cot. “You left your phone down here, Thor,” she continued, pointing to the sleek tech left on the table. “He got one his lackeys to spread the tip. The twins overheard it, and he just sat back and waited until he left.”
crooked and barely hanging on to where it was nailed to the door. Steve reached in his pocket for his key and unlocked the door, the
He closed his eyes, trying to get comfortable. He could feel the weight of The Captain’s gaze on him, but Tony never opened his eyes. There were more pressing matters at hand; the last thing Tony needed was another mother henning from the mob boss.
Tony paused, eyeing the entry way from behind the kitchen island. No one else should know about this property. No one besides
“We just laugh about it now.”
Clint gave him a small smile. “Thanks.”
Steve’s heart clenched as he put two and two together.
“Of course not,” Tony stated with a roll of his eyes. “But, we’ll worry about that later. We’re not leaving until tomorrow, though. Travelling can be such a pain in the ass, and you just got here.”
Everyone scrambled to get weapons and heck the base for any infiltration, but Steve paid them no mind. Inside, his head was shouting at him,
“Oh,” was all she could say.
The heat that came with the fog, however, had him changing his mind. It was smoke. Tony jolted upright, seeing thick clouds of it billow into the room. Without thinking twice, Tony stumbled to his feet, ripping off his jacket. Wrapping it around his hand, Tony fumbled for the handle, throwing the door open.
Steve checked his watch.
people - they probably didn't have a stain on their entire record. Except that they worked for Tony. And apparently that was enough to put them in danger.
“Oh, it’s not,” Tony continued. “But, the design is all original from the prohibition. Seemed like a waste to get rid of history. Besides, old fashioned can be classic.”
“You should leave.”
But Steve knew he could never leave. He had worked so hard to get here; he wasn’t going to sit idly by and let HYDRA terrorize Brooklyn, terrorize New York. He owed everyone that much.
Steve scanned their main room, before locking eyes with Clint. Seeing that his voice wouldn't carry over the boisterous room, he deferred to his hands, thinking back to when he'd learned the other language.
“Well, if The Captain and his men had been prepared for you, they would have just sprayed your boys down like they were nothing. The fact that they sent one of them back like this? That means they weren’t ready. We got a little too close for them. See this, my friend, is not just a body. It’s a message. The Captain is getting worried. He’s close to slipping.”
Obie nodded, but didn’t say anything in return, watching as Tony retreated to his room to change for the meeting.
Tony breathed, looking down at the town map in disbelief. “They’re everywhere.”
“Looks like it.” Steve answered. The room exploded in noise, The Commando’s desperate voices filing the space. Steve’s head was pounding; he really didn’t need this right now. He flicked hand in Clint’s direction, and a sharp whistle pulled his men out of their side conversations.
“Thor is sitting downstairs with our newest guest and Nat went to go get the doc. Oh, and I called Phil.”
real.
Phil knew he was being selfish, and was probably going to hell for even thinking like this in the current situation, but he thanked God that it was Barnes in the fire and not Clint. If Clint had been in there,
Iron Man cocked his head to the side as he always did, leaning casually on the side of the building. “Cap,” he chided, the word ending with a small pop. Steve could almost imagine the smirk from behind the shielded faceplate.
Everyone was waiting for the inevitable really. The team had turned on every news channel, every radio station, to see if they could find anything out about Phil, if he was alive or not. But they found nothing; there was just nothing. Of course, Pierce was still running the show over there.  Steve knew that man would just try and brush everything under the table. As for now, the team was just waiting. Waiting for Clint to wake up. Waiting the screams to start again.
“How did this happen?” added Pierce in disbelief.
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin; he hadn’t even heard the other man come in.
“I’m keeping an eye on him, don’t worry,” Barnes interrupted. “It’s just… he needs this right now. It wasn’t exactly easy for him, for any of us, when you were gone. And don’t,” he continued, barring Tony’s attempt to speak. “Don’t apologize. What happened to you is on the rest of us.”
I think.
“Dead. There are manual overrides, here.” Tony showed them to Clint, helping the archer take each piece off. Finally, Tony was free, grabbing the assisting hand from Clint to stand back up.
The other man shrugged, waving at someone over Tony’s shoulder. “Deal didn’t go the way I wanted,” he answered, almost distracted.
“Steve.”
“Sir, is everything alright?”
Tony sighed. "I need you to look into something."
Oh, right. He could bicker with Bucky another time. Steve paused, thinking how best to phrase his conundrum. But, let it be known that Steve Rogers was never subtle, so he just blurted out, “When was the last time we had sex?”
Sam just nodded, tearing off and disappearing behind a cloud of smoke. Part of him wanted to chase after him but Steve knew that Sam could take care of himself.
“Like it’d matter,” Tony snorted. “The pair of them only believe in one interrogation technique: punch.”
The man whimpered. “I don’t know anything, I swear! I can give you the email address, but I’m telling you, that’s all I know. Please, it was basically blackmail! You gotta help me.”
“No need to be insulting,” Bucky repeated. “I’ve been smuggling shit since I was in middle school.”
“-anything to add?”
“The sewer system? That makes even less sense,” Steve replied. Maybe there was a build up that caused the pipes to burst? A lot of those systems were decades old - there had to be a level of water that they weren't able to bypass. But that couldn't be; New York hadn't had a storm surge that would cause any hint of flooding in months. He couldn't even remember the last time it had drizzled.
Steve crept in, hiding in the sitting room so he could still hear what was going on in the kitchen.
And maybe that was being selfish, but Steve wasn’t ready to give that up. He couldn’t lose Tony to the name ‘
Of course, Arkansas wasn’t a perfect picture of his childhood. He’d grown up in the outskirts of New Orleans, a Louisiana boy, through and through. Him, and his Mama and gaggle of sisters. It seemed like only yesterday that he was the one laughing in his front yard, chasing his friends around in the summer heat. It was quieter up here, less foot traffic, but it was still familiar. He guessed he should count his blessings that he ended up somewhere like here.
Unless Romanov spread a half ass lie, there should be no more than three guys breaking into Tony’s place. “Give me a count.”
Tony shuddered when the Captain's voice drifted through his head.
"Thinking of reconsidering?"
“So, what’s the play? When are we leaving?”
Basically this chapter was just me trying to think like how Tony could get himself out of a situation using science instead of resulting to a gun.
He shot her a winning grin and spun her around the room, the pair gliding easily along with the orchestra. When the song ended, Pepper pulled away, patting at his chest.
Tony hummed. “Didn’t except you to be such a brown nose.”
Tony looked down at the map, curious. “Yea, this is my house. Why is it marked?” Steve tried to respond when Tony cut him off again. “Where the hell did you get these numbers?”
“Umm, your bedroom is through there, and the bathroom is connected too it as well. Like I said if you hate everything, I won’t take it personally. Pepper always says that my sense of is not everyone’s cup of tea,” said Tony, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck.
“No,” Hill replied. “Keep to the windows for now, watch for any runners. I’ll signal if anything changes.”
“Then why did you leave him to die?” Clint’s voice cracked, new tears finally spilling over his cheeks. Clint seemed to sense another breakdown doming so he pointed at the door. “Get out. We’re done here.”
Bucky leaned back, peeling Steve’s jacket back to see the wine stained shirt underneath. He gasped, his hands immediately pressing down on the wounds as hard as he could. “Come on, wake up,” he tried again. This couldn’t be happening. No way was he going to let Steve get this far, only to have him tap out now.
“I’m not doing anything for you.”
Jarvis had said. Tony never appreciated the sentiment; Jarvis could - and would - tell him that every day and it still didn't matter. It didn't matter as long as Howard never said it as well.
Steve grimaced at the thought of another charity, another crutch he found himself leaning on. They shouldn’t have to take care of him. He shouldn’t be their responsibility. It was an age-old argument, and after what happened this morning, one that Steve was not ready to rehash again.
He followed Natasha into the building, only for Steve to gape even more. The inside was even more sleek than the outside. Even the furniture looked too futuristic to even be usable. It was so fake. Steve hated it.
Hammer opened his mouth, but Stane cut him off again. “Besides, why is The Captain so important to Pierce? A name like Joseph Grant doesn’t mean anything. Or anything we know of. I’m telling you, Hammer. We have The Captain’s name now; we don’t need to wait for Pierce to stab us in the back. Just think about it, alright?”
And suddenly it was like a spell was broken because Steve made a broken noise before, much to Tony’s amusement, climbing onto the bed with him. Laying a thigh carefully on each side of Tony, Steve leaned over the brunette, shaking hands clasping his face like a treasure. “Tony,” was all Steve managed to get out again before he descended, lips colliding against Tony’s. It was so sweet, soft even, but Tony could feel the desperation barely hiding behind each kiss.
Bucky ignored him again, just kept trying to pull him towards the door. Steve yanked away, grabbing Bucky by the front of his shirt.
That day had changed everything. Tony had planned to confront what was left of the SSR. It wasn't until he got close that he found out the rest of the them were dead.
Tony groaned.
“Yeah," Tony answered flatly, shooting the other man a glare. "Let’s back track a little. You wanna explain what ‘unexpected’ shit you pulled a few days ago?”
“All units, respond. We’ve got a 10-55 in eastern Manhattan.”
When Tony looked back up, he saw Pepper holding out a cup of coffee for him.
Tony’s heart lurched as his eyes snapped down at the dark water below them.
is the problem.”
Tony just hung his head, knowing he was defeated.
Dugan had laughed.
Tony cursed to himself. Barnes was still in there. Tony looked down the stairs, the underground passageway looking cool and extremely inviting, then back at the burning remains of The Commandos base.
Both men stopped in their tracks, turning slowly as they were met with the barrel of a gun shaking in their face.
thought Clint. Bucky was never a fan of Stark; even when the other man had started to warm up to the rest of the crew, him and Bucky were always at each other’s throats. It was like watching Animal Planet, with the two of them constantly trying to prove their dominance to Steve.  But Clint could understand how Bucky could go through a minor reevaluation after his apparent enemy drags him from a burning building and becomes the main reason he’s still living.
Clint looked back at the ground, as the other two men followed Natasha to the quinjet. Clint had thought that Steve and Tony would have given him the hardest time for him being missing, but he had totally forgot about Natasha. Nat was his longest friend; he never kept anything from her. But the fact that he had managed to dodge her for a month probably did not sit well with Nat. This was an ultimate betrayal. Clint would have to grovel for about two months for Nat to probably look at him again.
“He’s talking with Stark. That cannot mean good things,” Pierce stated.
“Really? The SSR was the ‘Ask Jeeves’ for mobsters?”
That's what sucks about the real world. You're going to have all these responsibilities to take care of. (Okay, you guys caught me. I'm taking a road trip and will be too drunk to distinguish what a keyboard is. So. Oops. Life handed me lemons, and I said screw lemonade and made cocktails instead. Don't judge me.)
Tony looked up at him, eyes wide with faint surprise.
He wouldn’t be able to get any work down daydreaming about Steve all day.
But could he work with The Commandos? Tony could probably have an easier time talking to a brick wall than The Captain. Their relationship was already wobbling on the shaky foundation built of a mutual distrust and wariness. The argument at the base was mostly likely the first of many. How much longer before one snide comment becomes a tipping point, and Tony is gunned down by one of The Captain's trigger-happy hounds.
Tony thought to himself. Seriously, who would have thought that the mob man would have been this wholesome? It was sickening. Tony wasn’t really tracking their conversations, but he did hear a few questionable murmurs, most likely due to his presence. He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, but soon his flanks were warmed by the appearance of other bodies, everyone trying to squeeze into the same room.
“So,” Tony ventured, sticking his hands in his pockets. “How’d it go today?”
Fury hummed. “Then you’ll forgive me that I’m so confused. Because when I called Ms. Potts, she couldn’t remember the name of the officer that she talked to or the exact date that she talked to you on. So either she’s not that bright, or you never talked to her.”
“Exactly!" The Captain shouted, throwing his hands in the air. "You said that you can get him on the FBI’s Most Wanted, right? Let his fear drive him to give us info. What makes you think he’ll believe you? Besides, for all of this to work in the end, we’d have to let him go. Have him go back out into the wild, and just hope that some cop will pick him up? Yeah, I don’t think so. He’ll know what I look like and know that we’re working together! What’s to say HYDRA won’t get to him first? Then we’ll all be screwed. No, this man doesn’t leave this room alive.”
I guess what I need to know is how everyone feels about it. I want to introduce a new villain, but if things feel like they're dragging on too much, I can hold off, and maybe do a sequel? (I just feel sequels never have the same momentum as the first one).
“You don’t think,” Clint started, ice forming in his veins. “You don’t think they killed him in front of Steve, do you?”
Tony shot a look at Coulson, seeing the principal rubbing at his temple. “Uh, Jasper- ” he started.
Steve somewhat remembered reading that somewhere. “Didn’t he turn into a bull?”
“You think a place like this knows the difference between a zucchini and an eggplant?” she asked. “Besides, I’m on vacation, so I’m not cooking. I was thinking more along the likes of ordering greasy pizza and getting wine drunk while answering passive aggressive emails from rich white moms.”
As per usual, I LOVE COMMENTS.
“What do you mean?”
Clint had always looked up to Steve, thinking of him as the brother he never had. Well, Clint had actually had an older brother at one point, but Clint wouldn’t hesitate to choose Steve every time. They were a family: Clint, Steve, and the rest of The Commandos, each of them easily filling up the holes in the others’ hearts.
“I-I don’t know- ”
“Yeah, or concrete,” Bucky hissed.
Steve closed his eyes, letting his body thump against the back wall. God, he missed Tony. He would know what to do. Of course, it if were Tony, he wouldn't have found himself in this situation at all.
After one last glance over, Steve was off, back down the stairs, hauling four citizens over his shoulder.
She let out a deep breath, looking back up at Steve. It was a mistake, as the blonde was wearing one of those faces again. “Steve,” she sighed. “I didn’t say this to make you upset. Get that look off your face.”
Phil’s head snapped up immediately, eyes darting around the wreckage until they landed on the alleyway where Clint was. Phil’s eyes swept around once more before taking off towards Clint.
“It’s Hammer,” continued Pierce as he put The Monger on speaker phone. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Well, if he knows we’re on his trail, he’ll be on the run. He’s ditched all his tech that we can track him too, but he’s smart. I have no doubt that he’s gotten his hand on new ones. But, if I know anything about criminals, is that they can’t sit still. Living off the grid is hard to do, but for someone who’s lived on the grid for his entire life, it’s damn near impossible.”
Steve shook his head. “You can’t know for sure.”
The Captain hummed. “It makes sense. They need a way to build up their numbers somewhere. What do you think?”
Steve snorted, but looked over Tony’s shoulder at the impending battle. Turning back around, he faced the rest of his men. “Call it, Captain,” Tony prodded.
“No, not without you!” Bucky charged, bullets flying around him as he raced towards Steve. The blonde could see the moment one made contact, grazing Bucky’s thigh, the man stumbling, falling to the floor. Steve reached out on instinct, ignoring the searing pain of his body to grab Bucky’s hand and pull him the rest of the way.
“Bye, Tony.”
“It's been almost a
Tony let out a low chuckle, but it quickly turned to a strangled gasp as he felt a finger circle his hole. “It’s alright,” Steve said, as if soothing a wild animal. Tony scoffed, reaching down to thrust Steve’s hand forward, finger slipping in past the first knuckle. “I’m not a wilting flower, Rogers,” Tony grunted, shifting around the intrusion. “Get on with it.”
Asgard was one of the top in the business, and a huge rival of Stark Industries. While the company’s concentrations were completely separate things, the two had still managed to bump heads. Although making billions in weapons, Stark tinkered in tech and energy, revolutionizing the use of arc reactor technology. And, of course, while Asgard usually just dealt with electricity, Thor’s father had dabbled into weaponry, making quite a pretty penny over in Europe.
“Like ‘he’s missing’ sort of news.”
Steve didn’t take waste a moment; he quickly flipped Rumlow over, fighting back harshly. He could see Rumlow reaching for his gun, but Steve never gave him the chance.
“No.” The answer was short, harsh in its finality. Tony looked up through his lashes to see Steve’s strong gaze looking back at him, never wavering.
- did anyone remember about Peter Parker?
“Everything go okay?” he asked Tony.
“Maybe I just wanted an excuse to see you in your uniform,” Clint quipped.
The Monger began to reply but Pierce didn’t hear it on account of Hammer bursting through the door.
Clint stared at the aids in wonder before looking back up to Tony. Tony gave him a small smile, before gesturing for Clint to put them in.
Obie hummed, turning away to walk back to the vehicle. “You’ll get the gift you deserve,” he answered, looking back at Raza one final time, before looking to his guards. “Finish up here.”
“Don’t worry, soldier, you didn’t miss much. It wasn’t much of a fight,” chucked Steve.
this. Everyone’s leaving, Nat. I don’t know what to do; I-I can’t be alone again.”
“That was easy,” smirked Thor.
“Stronger, Steve! You like that I’m stronger.”
his mother would say. Someone had left the books out, the real ones. The ones that showed the charity stealing from the very families that is was meant to help. The ones that showed broken families hemorrhaging cash to the elite, getting only false promises in return.
While on any other day, Steve would be impressed, he ignored it, pushing forward, tucking his gun in his belt as he started to hop down the ladder and into the sewer. His eyes watered as the smell hit him, but Steve pressed on.
“Everyone’s doing their best, Steve. I wanna find this guy as much as you.”
One of the thugs moved away from Tony. Steve braced himself, thinking the man would go back for the knife, but was surprised when he pushed the heavy barrel forward until it stood innocently in front of Tony.
“Yes, you do,” Natasha retorted, eyes sparkling.
“But you’re my mess,” Tony smiled, seemingly pleased with himself.
“I’m sorry, isn’t everything?”
“A fact that can be changed
His mother had all kinds of promises for him. She would whisper them to him as he lay feverish in bed, as he walked to school, even as he left for basic. Frivolous dreams of course, but his mother had always been more stubborn than he was, so he was always inclined to believe them. Then she died, and well, Steve stopped believing in wishes.
Fate. Destiny. He didn’t have the time, nor the care to sit around and wait for it. For now, obligation would have to do. So, he left, wanting to provide for his family and to carry on the memory of his father.
Clint jumped up. “Hey! Put your goddamn gun down,” he shouted at Sam, racing across the room to grab the gun from the man’s hand, quickly disassembling it. “Fuckin’ newbie,” he added, landing a sharp slap to the back of Sam’s head.
“You never cease to amaze me, Clint Barton,” Bucky retorted, pulling out his phone. He dialed Steve’s number, the man picking up on the first ring.
to adapt. I don’t
The Captain crossed his arms defensively. “What, by doing it your way?”
Howard never yelled at Steve. Steve was the one person who never got the tail end of the man’s temper.
Steve ignored him. "What's going on?"
“Because that implies that he can behave at all,” Sam countered, opening the screen door onto the porch.
“I thought you’d be home by 11,” Tony said with a blank face.
Clint shook his head, resting his arms on the back of a chair. “I followed half-assed leads for week. I could probably find more information about you than these people. Someone went through a lot of trouble to make sure it looked like they never existed. And now that HYDRA’s involved? It can’t be good. I mean, they
“He’s right, Tony! We sat here like chickens with our heads cut off looking for you and none of us even thought to look down!” cried Steve. “How long did you sit there, just waiting for us?” Steve continued, looking down as tears finally slipped down his cheeks. “I promised I’d protect you,” he whispered, cupping Tony’s cheek. “And I couldn’t do it.”
“But.”
Loki barked out a hollow laugh. “Well, I hope you have nothing else to do today, because you’ll be here a long while. Over half the mobs in this city would kill to kidnap Stark. That worm is worth millions; his mind, billions.”
“Bigger. We needed the extra space because someone likes to spread eagle and hog- ”
“It won’t matter once we’re all dead!”
Steve flashed her an embarrassed smile before a growl from his stomach made him blush even harder.
“We offer him a better deal to get Phil back,” Steve finished.
“So?”
The two stared at each other for what felt like an eternity. Then, his older self made a move, turning around. “Shit,” Steve whispered, throwing his shield. Steve’s shield bounced off the gold strapped to his back. Steve ran to his fallen shield, ready for another throw. When he turned around, he came face to face with his older self. The future him shrugged his shoulders before punching Steve’s lights out.
he thought to himself. He reached into his picket, feeling the three small orbs that sat there. Hill and the other agents hopped out the van, Steve and Bucky following suit.
Steve pulled out of Bucky’s grasp. “I really don’t have time for you to play mom, Buck. I have work to do.”
“Of course, Sir. I just thought you might like to know that all of the heat sensors have been triggered at your old warehouse.”
“I can see it in your face. Something’s wrong, isn’t it?”
“You’re back! Come on, let me see.”
“Wait, Steve, I- ”
A sharp rap on the door not but a half hour ago had pulled Steve from his sleep, his body curling protectively over Tony’s as the door opened. Seeing Bucky and the look in his eyes had Steve tensing for a whole different reason.
The worst-scenario type of guys.
It was then that Steve had finally understood. The carved wood was cheap, and it looked more like a wrinkled sponge than a car, but Tony still treated it like it was as fragile as glass. The last Steve had seen it, it had taken up a coveted spot on Tony’s desk in his workshop. But it wasn’t the gift himself. It was what it stood for.
“How are you feeling?” Steve asked. “Be honest.”
a voice inside his head hissed.
Fury’s voice boomed through the phone.
“Steve,” Bucky hissed, eyes darting around the agents milling around him. “Are you fucking insane?”
Bucky looked down, picking at an invisible thread in the sheets.
“And you,” Pepper continued, icy glare shifting over to Tony. “Behave.”
Steve shot him a glare, finally looking up at his friend. “Maybe I’m just surprised you’re actually here and are gracing me with your presence.”
Bucky sucked in a sharp breath, rubbing a hand over his face. Images of Steve’s blood staining his hands flashed through in his mind. Solemn news reports of the lives lost at the NYPD headquarters, shaky YouTube footage of Stane ripping apart SI. Natasha and Sam had been at the NYPD. He even knew that Clint and Tony had been with Stane, their familiar frames charging into the building showing up in a few of the videos.
Stark spun around to look at him. “A decent person would.”
“He was just arrested. For Coulson's murder.”
“I have yet to see how that helps,” The Captain drawled.
Steve thought. He and Bucky had tried to be careful when they started to date Tony – not just because of Tony’s apparent discomfort with commitment, but also because of the delicacy it took to date multiple people at once. Steve and Bucky had years – lifetimes, really – with just them. Adding Tony to their world felt like a completion to them, but they knew that the reason Tony never did anything about his attraction was because he was worried that he would be a fling, or that he would never measure up to Steve and Bucky’s love. Upon Tony’s entrance to the relationship, both Steve and Bucky had made a promise to each other that they’d never let Tony feel like the odd man out. Was that what this was? Was Tony feeling sidelined by his own boyfriends?
me, Steve Rogers. We’ve been here for hours, and all I’ve done is stare at you stare at bed sheets. Why? Lord only knows.”
Barton sighed. “I really don’t have time for this.” The man reached into his mouth, pulling out a white false tooth.
Steve swallowed. “He’s in critical condition, but he’s stable. He’s out of surgery now, but who knows when they’ll let me see him again.”
Bucky had drifted off again, body exhausted from the tears and the screaming. Steve just sat there and took it all; he deserved it.
long time ago. Stark didn’t give shit about his company. I helped Stane set up his back deals in the Middle East; I was just another soldier, I blended in easily.”
Steve turned back to Fury. “Yeah?”
alive.”
“Mm,” Tony hummed. “And they’re all exactly right where I want to go camping. Weird how that happens, right?”
Tony shuddered as her heard his father’s voice drift through his head.
"It was one thing to shelter myself from the military news cycle, to never really see the destruction that I was creating. But to be there first hand, seeing my creations in the hands of civilians,
“Why don’t you walk me through it?”
Bucky laughed softly, reaching for a glass of water. “Well, it’s a good thing you haven’t seen yourself, Princess.” The brunette leaned back towards Steve, gripping the back of his neck gently as he guided Steve’s mouth to the cup.
“You’re an idiot.”
Tony gaped at the large blonde. “I’m sorry, but whose side are you on? Did you forget how he lined Steve up for slaughter? Your brother probably had a hand in the bomb as well. That scumbag needs to die.”
Not Steve. I don’t know a Steve.”
But Steve was wrong.
“To be fair, it was startlingly easy,” Tony said with a shrug. “What kind of criminal are you? You should be ashamed of yourself.”
“I need you to do something for me and I need you to not hate me for it.”
Sure Hulk was dangerous, Steve still always treading lightly when it came to the immense beast to try and form a bond with him. But Bruce was always there, just a quirky man with a warm smile and a cup of tea that would lend a guiding hand to Steve no matter the time or place.
He hadn’t seen much of her after his announcement. He was trying to lay low at the speakeasy to remain out of the public eye, while Pepper was trying to put out fires at the office. In fact, the only time they’d gotten together was when Tony replaced his arc reactor earlier that day – and hadn’t that gone swimmingly.
“Not so useless now, is it?” Steve whispered.
A small knock on the door pulled the two men apart. A stone faced Natasha walked in, followed by a very pale Clint.
“I’m glad we reached an understanding.”
Steve leaned down and kissed his head, lips lingering in the soft locks. “I love you,” he whispered. “More than you could ever know.”
“It’s not that, Buck! Maybe I’m just pissed that you leaving is giving HYDRA plenty of opportunities to finish the job! I almost lost you once, Bucky. I can’t take that risk again, on any of you.”
What the hell would The Commandos think when they come back to find their home destroyed, Tony and Barnes nowhere to be found?
Tony shot him a blank look. “Other kids don’t have superpowers. Now, it’s perfectly normal for you to- ”
“Um,” Steve started. “I know that this, well, to be honest, it’s a fucking blow. But, I think we all knew that we weren’t going to be able to finish this without assistance from the law. And especially since we found out Phil was alive, there wasn’t a chance that we were going to leave him behind.” He rubbed a tired hand over his face. “I didn’t want this. Just the thought of being on my own again is enough to terrify me, but the thought of any of you dead or locked away terrifies me more.”
Steve bit his earlobe teasingly. "It could be," he murmured.
“I’ll never tell,” she answered, taking her half of the sandwich to munch on.
Fury continued.
Steve shook his head. “No, but Tony, I really- ”
“What I do know is that the other side can be fought with Fury. You’ve already told him everything you know about Pierce, he doesn’t need you for anything else.
Tony shuddered. If The Captain was right, and this was HYDRA? It took them one day to take out one of his own. How long before the rest of them start dropping like flies?
It was too soon before Tony was pulling away, his eyes almost black. Steve almost whimpered, trying to pull the other man back in. Tony huffed out a small laugh, the warm air bouncing off his lips before he dragged Steve back into a surprisingly gentle peck. “Later,” he winked at Steve. “Don’t you have work to do right now, soldier?”
Tony watched as Romanoff sidled over to the man, pulling a small bottle of smelling salts out of her back pocket. A quick whiff under the man’s nose, and he shot into consciousness, gasping for breath. He barely had time to take in his surroundings before Romanoff landed a sharp slap to the man’s face.
“Who is that?”
“What?”
with him to not ask.
“Don’t do this,” Steve responded, reaching back for him. Tony tried to yank away but Steve was stronger, and he pulled Tony against his chest. “You know I wouldn’t do that.”
Bucky’s frown deepened. “No, whining was two hours ago. Now? Now, we’re in an all-out protest.”
Steve had been whispering that to himself for months. Just a little more time and he’d find Tony. Just a little more time and he’d be whole again. Just a little more time and everything would feel right again.
Of course, Tony may be a sick bastard, but he’s not insane. He never deals with the mobs like Hammer or the Ten Rings. If those criminals ever got their hands on Tony’s tech, it would be bad news for a lot of people. Which is now he ended up becoming ‘Most Likely to Be Kidnapped’.
“Besides,” added Bucky. “Pierce is still running the NYPD. You think that he’ll let you leave if you go waltzing in there? I understand you want to do everything to help get Tony back, we all do. But getting yourself thrown in prison is not gonna help anyone.”
That was, until he found on the truth.
Without waiting for a response, Steve gripped his gun tightly, took a deep breath and jumped from cover. He raced blindly over to the right, drawing fire away from Bucky as he sprinted to another set of crates. His muscles burned as he ran across the last few steps, diving behind the wooden barricades.
“Will you relax? You know he doesn’t answer his phone when he’s on patrol.” Natasha walked over to Clint, trying to cease the man’s pacing.
“We are going to have words, Mister.
“When it’s safe for you all to return to New York, your deal will be renegotiated,” Sparky parroted, as he always did when Clint badgered him for an update. “And
The Captain rolled his eyes. “It was spontaneous. You were the one who told me I needed to strut; I thought you’d approve.”
chooses to rear her ugly head.
Clint broke off when he left tears spill down his chin again.
Steve shook his head.
“It’s a yes or no question, Captain,” Tony snapped.
“Steve, no,” Tony interrupted, rushing forward. He grabbed Steve’s outstretched hand and pressed it to his neck – his new favorite habit – and felt Tony’s pulse jump under his fingers. “JARVIS wasn’t wrong; I’m probably the healthiest I’ve ever been,” he smiled. “Steve, yesterday I held up a ceiling! Last night, I bent in ways that I definitely thought were impossible for the human body to achieve before. Jesus, last week I went on a run with you and Sam!”
Steve gave Bruce a warm smile, one that was happily returned. Despite their first meeting, Bruce had proven himself more than enough ways to be in the crew. He was quirky, an odd duck, but wove perfectly in with the patchwork of The Commandos.
“Liar,” Steve chided before the trio descended into silence. There was a pressing question that was begged to be asked, but Sam knew there was no point. He was pretty sure he knew the answer anyway, looking back down at the phone. It was a solution, but a temporary one.
She cast a final gaze over her shoulder at the elevator as they stepped back into Fury’s office.
“Didn’t really see this as your style,” Natasha said, walking past a few of the old photographs.
“I need to tell you something. How clear are you on what went down in the last helicarrier?”
“Now do you believe me?” he whispered.
Tony couldn’t catch his breath. He could hear people shouting from inside the building but nothing comprehend. He looked into the flames again, eyes getting impossibly wider.
Steve startled, Stark’s voice piercing his inner thoughts. “No, sorry. I- what?”
You really think that’s a coincidence?”
“We’re gonna die,” Bucky said to Steve, still looking at the open doorway, as if waiting for Tony to strut back in.
“Tony!” Steve cried, rushing forward.
Bucky swallowed his own tears because nodding sullenly, finally walking out the door. He barely had it shut before Clit’s sobs started to echo through the hallway.
carved into his skin.
“Steve?”
Seconds later, minutes later, years later, Steve heard a voice pierce his ears.
“He doesn’t, or at least I don’t think so, but- ”
“You didn’t need me. You
“Cap, I don’t like this,” Clint finally responded.
When Clint still didn’t look up, Tony’s brow furrowed. Something was wrong. He took in Clint’s appearance. He was a wreck. It looked like he hadn’t showered in days. Dirt and grime covered the man, alongside a snarly beard that had formed. His cheeks were sunken; Clint definitely wasn’t eating right. There was a huge gash along Clint’s side causing blood to slide down onto the suit. And that’s not even mentioning the fact that the man had basically broken on top of Tony.
“Where the hell were you?!”
Pepper kneeled down next to him, pulling under his chin to force him to look back up at her. “Is this why no one could find you? Because you thought you killed Tony?” Clint looked away with watery eyes. “Oh god, Clint.” She tugged him close. “Listen to me. Tony is not dead. It is not your fault. He’s in that building right now, I promise you.”
A shot rang out.
“No time,” Bucky replied, grabbing at Tony’s flight suit and yanking it the rest of the way down. Steve hummed his agreement, looking down at Tony’s now rear backside, cupping the toned ass with his hands.
Steve smiled softly, looking back at Happy Hogan, Tony’s main bodyguard, still and quiet on his bed. “Have the doctors said anything?”
eyes seemed to bore right into Tony’s soul, with a blue clearer than any sky he’d ever seen. It went along well with his perfectly sculpted face. And his perfectly sculpted body.
His face, if you could still call it that, was swollen like a grape, covered with little rivulets of blood than slid down from his temple. From the short gasps he was taking, Clint figured Delmar had at least a few cracked, hell, even bruised ribs. And were those? Yep, those were broken fingers. Clint didn’t even want to know how many other broken bones that littered the man’s body. Thank God he was unconscious.
His relationship with the gang leader was getting too deep, too involved; Tony was in over his head. But it wasn’t just him. Tony had almost called Barton by his first name today. And that’s not even getting started on his quick formed bond with Bruce. The whole team was becoming to familiar to him.
“You are not about to call the suit right now,” Steve interjected.
Steve had been pretty happy with the calm, a nice reprieve from all of the hectic events that had happened. But it had been two weeks. Two weeks and just,
“No,” Tony cut him off. “Not tonight. I’m too,” he gestured to his head before shaking it again. “I’m too keyed up right now.”
side. There’s only one guy you gotta look out for, and that's yourself. You throw an arm around The Captain, bring him some new toys, even toss the word ‘friend’ in every now and then. You wait until you have The Captain wrapped around your little finger. How long until you start to use him? Start asking for favors in return? Money, people, information. You’ll ask for it all, eventually. And he’ll give it to you. Because you’re
Tony looked down at the badge. He sighed, seeing no way out of this.
“I’m surprised he actually managed to fall asleep,” Rhodey murmured, looking over at Steve as well. “I’d believe that Barnes came in and drugged him before thinking the guy actually fell asleep on his own. He’s been sitting here for days waiting for you to wake up.”
Tony closed his eyes, letting out a deep breath. Blinking them back open, he turned towards the stairs, starting his journey.
He finds his usual bench, and sits down in front of a worn grave.
“There is a security breach.”
Steve, who could keep him safe. Who could keep him from the dark thoughts in his head. Who could keep him grounded.
Steve thanked every God he knew of when the three men left the room, leaving Tony and Steve alone. As soon as the door shut, Steve opened his mouth, but stopped as he watched Tony jut a leg out and hook it around Steve’s chair, using what little strength he had left to drag himself to Steve. As soon as he was within range, he leaned forward until his head pillowed into Steve’s chest. Steve curled down immediately, needing more proof that Tony was alive under him. He felt Tony tremble from the cold as Steve placed searing kisses along the man’s neck, not caring as new tears spilled over onto his skin. Tony's damp hair had him thinking back to the river, but he refused to pull away. The only wetness he felt that had him reeling was the smearing of blood onto his skin every time the smaller man shifted.
“You know anyone else who would want a more dramatic entrance?”
“Penthouse, sir?”
“Are we all in agreement then? We bring Hammer back in to go a few rounds?” Clint piped in.
“You’re a good man, Phil Coulson.”
Tony glared at the door one last time, before turning his attention back to Coulson. “Who are they? The ones that are so powerful that have you quivering in your boots.” Tony paused. “Is it HYDRA? Did Pierce- ”
he repeated like a mantra. Everything would go to plan, and soon he’d be back in Steve’s arms. He’d told Tony that himself.
“This is what I’m talking about, Tony,” Steve continued, pulling Tony away from his lab table. “You work too much.”
I get my hands on just one of those babies and we’re in business. I reverse engineer the thing, and boom. We’re walking around with the best weapons on the market.”
“Uh,” Steve answered eloquently.
Steve couldn’t stop himself. He leaned over and retched, losing his stomach all over the floor, next to the bodies.
Tony nodded, leaning down slightly. Steve tilted up immediately, not even hesitating to connect them together when a huge crash sounded, the window behind them shattering.
“Yeah, sure,” Steve lied. “Give me a minute.”
“You talk with Phil?”
Sam shot him a fierce smile. “From what I know from the news, Tony Stark’s a hard man to kill. He can still be out there, Steve!”
Bucky made a move to stand up, when Clint pulled him back down harshly. “
Tony was
He’d played many scenarios over in his head the last few days, about what Bucky would say, what he would do. But now, being approached with the reality, Steve didn’t want any part of it.
to not know about it? What the hell is your problem?”
“FRIDAY?”
“I’m just working, Steve! What else do you want from me?” Tony snapped.
Obie ran a large hand over his bald head. “And you think selling to the government is any better? You need to get your head out of the clouds, Tony. This is the real world; sometimes you are going to have to get your hands a little dirty to win.”
for God’s sake. How could he have been so stupid; if he would have just used his brain, he could’ve put two and two together.
If the files were in there, he’d have a very small window to place the grenades and detonate. He didn’t want any NYPD or FBI blood on his hands, but he knew that Hill would move quickly to secure the scene for Fury.
“I need more than that, Captain.”
Steve shushed him, bringing his other hand to push it through Tony’s dark locks. “You don’t have to understand, ok? Everything’s going to be ok, now. I’m going to keep you safe.”
“Why do you think we’re here?” Steve asked, dropping a comforting hand on his shoulder. “We’re here for you, Buck.”
“One day you’re going to realize that you’re in over your head, Stark. There’s a storm coming, and I think you know it. Don’t even bother trying to lie; I know you haven’t told me everything you know. We could have been allies in this, you and I. I think you know who bombed you; you know who’s coming after you. But you’re protecting someone, and now you’re standing in my way. That makes you a threat. A threat that I won’t hesitate to take down if you continue to be a hindrance. You better tread lightly, Stark. There’s a new player on the battlefield, now. And it’s me.”
Pierce groaned, rubbing a large hand over his tired face. This is not what he needed. He had no edge now, no way to ensure that he had the upper hand on the other mobs. Pierce had been preparing ever since Stane’s relay, just in case he needed to make a move on The Captain a little ahead of schedule.
