"He wasn't in a good way. Someone had beaten him up and he called me, desperate for a place to be until it blew over." I shifted uncomfortably.
Finally, she slipped off her big shirt and bra to pull on the spaghetti strap dress, slipping her feet into the simple flats. One last look at her reflection and she actually felt beautiful.
Deanna heard the  distinct sound of a zipper being lowered and felt her heart stop before amping up.
"You know, for being the football team captain you sure are a quiet and reserved one." Castiel commented.
"Tonight, I have cooked up something delicious for you," Lucifer started. "We also have some red wine if you would enjoy some of that."
He felt like standing up and yelling at them to shut the hell up and find a new hobby, but that would only make matters worse.
I walked up the stairs one by one until I reached my bedroom. I opened the door and flopped onto my bed, pulling the panties I had stolen out of my pocket. They smelled musky and sexy. Not to mention they were sexy. Little green panties that would no doubt sit low on Dean's hips.
"Do you remember that day we went out to the lake together, just the two of us, and I was laying back on one of the tables?" He asked.
"No, he was just laying down with his head in my lap and fell asleep as we talked." Deanna blushed. "You know better than that."
She slowly got up after discovering her hands and feet unbound. She shuffled around the dark room for something to cover her still naked body. She was thankful to find her shirt and skirt in a pile. She slipped them on and found a door. She opened it and saw moonlight. She nearly sobbed.
John got off for July 4th so he could spend this holiday with his kids. He didn't get days off often, so he took it where he could get it.
"I will." Deanna padded into her room and found her black flats, slipping them on. She grabbed the leather jacket John had given her and slung it on her shoulders. She snagged the keys to the Impala and went on outside. She took a deep breath and smiled.
"No, De. You can't just fucking hide from me. Hide from the hospital and your goddamn brother, but do not hide from me." Charlie demanded. "We need to figure out who did this to you. Do you hear me, girl?"
"Yeah, of course." Castiel grabbed her keys and her hand and carried her outside. He sat her down in the passenger seat and crossed to the driver side. He clasped her hand tightly and played some classic rock to soothe her nerves.
Charlie, ever the queen, stood and announced she was going to get a drink. Several people requested her to bring them one too. Perfect for Deanna.
I crept from the room where Castiel now slept and into Sam's bedroom. He wasn't there, so he was probably up in the kitchen eating or something. I made it to the kitchen and saw no one was there, but in front of the coffee pot was a slip of paper.
"I don't think you're a fuck up. I mean, yeah, you skip school sometimes, but you're grades are impeccable. Physical altercations don't make your personality, Cas. Just because you have tattoos or piercings doesn't mean you're a bad person or a fuck up." I told him.
"He's hated me since the moment Chuck brought me home. I had killed my mother at the hospital and there was nothing they could do for her. Chuck became an alcoholic and started writing again. He rarely comes out of his study and I don't blame him. He loves all of us, but he's just in a depression, nearly twenty years into it."
Dean had almost messed up so many times he lost count. He knew he was gonna be in trouble later, despite the fact John couldn't make it to the game, but he couldn't get the fact that Castiel was up in the stands looking down and watching them play. It drove him mad.
I snorted and grabbed my sketch book from my bag. I moved away from Castiel, as far as I could get, and opened up the book before starting to sketch.
"'Kay, I'm coming." Deanna grabbed her plain black bag and slung it onto her shoulder. "Be good, you hear, Sammy?"
I turned and saw that Michael had in fact been taken away in handcuffs to be locked away for child abuse and neglect. Anna and Gabriel Novak were walking with Ellen Harvelle and her daughter Jo outside.
"You've got some icing on your forehead." Deann laughed and walked over to Mrs. Bradbury. "Here, hold on." Deanna grabbed a paper towel and wiped the icing off, carefully removing all traces.
He peeked up at me through his lashes, the one eye still painfully swollen. I brought a hand up to move his hair from his eyes. He moved in closer to me and pressed a small kiss to the corner of my mouth.
"Didn't feel like it." Dean murmured. He couldn't look into Castiel's ocean blue eyes. Nope, they would be his undoing.
"No, no, no, no." She sobbed as the hood was yanked up just below her nose. A hand grabbed her cheeks and pressed in, trying to force her mouth open.
"Dammit." Dean grumbled. "C'mon, Cas, we gotta get up now." Dean lifted my head a bit and helped me stand.
Deanna went in the back door and located the kitchen. She snuck up on Castiel and wrapped her arms around his waist.
Castiel dropped Meg off at her house and realized he had no idea where the Winchesters lived. He called Dean and asked him, naturally. Dean told him how to get there so he began the drive.
"Oh, no, you didn't have to do that." Deanna said, instantly in a small mode of panic. "I can't pay you back. I just spent the last of my money on a ticket to see this."
Charlie hopped out and dragged Meg over to her own house. Castiel got out and stood awkwardly, shifting from foot to foot.
Charlie carefully approached her and saw she had nothing to drink. Charlie whipped out her phone and sent a quick text to Meg telling her to get a fourth drink for Deanna.
"Fine!" He threw his hands up and slapped his thighs. His face was red in embarrassment as he spoke. "I met someone and we've been seeing each other for three months."
"Yes, I do. Quit your fretting." Ellen bounced on her heels and patted the baby. "Jensen will be okay, I promise."
I pressed my body to his, relishing the feel of our dicks pressed together as I assaulted his mouth. He met me kiss for kiss, lick for lick. He tasted like lust and youth with a taste of a windy day at the beach. I placed my nose under his jaw and inhaled his scent of male and something indiscernible, but it was sweet and tasted salty.
"Did you eat today?" He squinted his eyes in anger. "You fucking did. I thought I told you you couldn't. You don't need to be getting any fatter." Michael sneered and grabbed me by the nape of my neck. He lifted me by the hair at my nape and spit in my face.
"Well, with the way he's been lately, he'll probably roll his eyes and continue with whatever he is doing."
"Here, why don't you come in." Deanna said, realizing her manners. Charlie smiled and accepted her offer. "And no, I don't know anyone."
"Chill your vagina! Damn!" Castiel said as he came out of the bathroom. He ran a hand through his freshly dyed hair, making it stand up in all the right places. "Why are we going to this, again?"
"Well, now you know me." Charlie flopped on the couch like she belonged, and Deanna guessed maybe she would.
"And you remember how I tugged you up into my lap and just held you there?" Her eyes widened. "I felt it tucked between your legs." He kissed her wrist. "Your swimsuit was kind of revealing too." He kissed the crook of her arm. "And guess what?"
"Oh, he does. I saw his eyes when you opened the door." John chuckled lightly. "Despite his fear of me, his eyes flitted over to your door and softened when he saw you. It's how I used to be around your mother's father." John smiled sadly. "And he's only known you for a few hours."
Castiel leaned over and wrapped an arm around her, hugging her. She welcomed it with a smile. They rocked side to side for a moment, just being.
She learned she only managed to share one class with Castiel, thankfully it was the last of the day. She shared one with Meg before lunch and first period with Charlie and Meg both. The rest of the time she was SOL, unless she made friends quick with other people. Which, in all likelihood, wouldn't happen.
"It's about damned time." Lucifer chimed up as he walked to where the we were sitting. He wrapped an arm around Sam's shoulders and leaned down to press a small kiss to his temple. Sam blushed fire engine red.
"Oh, baby, I think you can do better than that." He grabbed my chin and pulled me closer to him. He pressed his firm lips to mine in a demanding kiss and used his hold on my chin to separate my lips. His tongue stole inside of my mouth, hunting to find mine to play and tangle.
"Y-yeah, I was born with male genitalia, but I have felt like a girl all my life." Deanna took a deep breath. "And that's why I wanted to tell you first. I need advice on telling Castiel." She massaged her wrist in a way of releasing tension. "I don't know how to do it. It's been about a month and he still doesn't know."
"Poor thing need to correct her mistake while she still can." Lilith said. "You don't really want to hang out with these people. They're freaks." She whispered the last part like Castiel wouldn't hear her.
Dean practically hovered like a worried hen as I walked out to the car. I rolled my eyes at him, though he couldn't see me. I am totally fine.
"She had to move back." Charlie looked momentarily put off. "But this is Dorothy." She wiggled her eyebrows and bit her lip. A laugh ripped from Deanna's throat.
They arrived to the school and got out. Castiel groaned and allowed himself to be dragged away by Meg to the stands. She found her friend Ruby and hopped over to her.
"Uh huh." John looked Castiel over carefully, eyeing up the young boy. "Can I talk to you real quick?" He asked Deanna.
"Let me drive you to the school so you can get your car." Dean said as he quickly stood up and grabbed his keys.
"My brother calls Sam moose, so I called him that to see his reaction. Went downhill from there. He told me to shut up and go suck your dick, so I happily informed him I already have." I shrugged and continued on my way.
"Oh, you know. It's hell." She grunted. "What would you two like?" She pulled out her notepad and her pen.
"Shut the hell up, Castiel, and go suck Dean's dick or something." He slammed his door and muffled mumbling was heard.
"Not arguing. Stating fact." She absently took another drink of coffee and made a face when it was almost frigid.
He kneaded Dean's back and felt the muscles slowly loosen up until he was putty beneath his hands. He pushed the shirt up further and further until Dean's entire back was exposed and the shirt was bunched up beneath his armpits and around his neck. Castiel grabbed the shirt and pulled it over Dean's head and arms. Dean's firm arms folded beneath his face as he turned his head to the side.
None of the other children were ever abused, but taking Castiel from him as a punching bag was deemed to potentially divert his attention to one of the other children.
"Morning, Deanna." Castiel said from the furthest corner on the couch. She glared at him as well and sank very carefully into the couch as well, eyes on her coffee so it didn't spill over. She took another sip.
"Shower." Sam nodded and went to his room to do whatever it is moose do. It's what his brother calls Sam, even though I don't really see it. He's some scrawny kid who is like five six at most. Whatever.
"Yeah, but I guess Crowley likes the older men." Castiel shivered. Suddenly Crowley wasn't so good looking.
I buried my nose in the name of his neck and inhaled his sweet scent. His soft hair tickled at my nose. My free hand traced small circles onto his belly for hours until he woke up.
"Yes. I have waited nearly fifteen years for this, Cas." She grasped his hand and kissed him. "Will you drive? I don't think I could right now."
"Did you just pop me with a rat tail?" I said menacingly as I turned around. He was smiling unabashedly at me.
"Then I'll sign out. I'm eighteen and I need a new pair of shoes to wear because these fell apart last period. Castiel was signed out by his uncle Gadreel because he wasn't feeling well." Dean came up with quickly.
"If you'da kept ya mouth shut, I wouldn't be in this situation!" Bobby yelled back at John's retreating form.
I got out to assess the damage and saw a scratch. I let out a sigh of relief and hopped back into the car.
Castiel laughed and directed Dean to lay down. Dean laid down on his stomach and felt Castiel straddle his hips.
"Hey, baby girl. How'd it go?" He took a sip of the water next to him. "I'm assuming well, since you aren't crying or whatever it is girl's do when their boyfriend freaks out."
He leaned down and ghosted over my lips, moving to my shoulder and down my chest. He locked lips around my nipple, tongue and teeth teasing the hardening peak. I twitched and gasped at the sensation. Virgin feels, what can I say?
Deanna shrugged. "I don't know. Do you want to go, Sam?" He only shook his head and took another bite. "I suppose not, then."
Castiel woke up well rested at about three in the afternoon. He laid there and stretched out, tensing all of his sleep drowsed muscles.  He rolled over and grabbed his phone.
Weird kid, that Sam is. Probably dead too, Castiel thought. Not many siblings want their crush to know about the crush.
"He's in the house." Charlie gestured behind herself. "Mom was in desperate need of help getting the tomatoes cut up."
Honestly, if I hadn't've fallen for Castiel, I probably would've melted all over Benny for his accent alone. Even though he is straight. Benny is new here, straight from Louisiana and I think we'll be good friends.
"I won't push it. I will however push that you take a shower to wash the dried blood from your hair." I chuckled lightly.
"She probably watched from on high. You told me that she would always say the angels were watching over you. She is probably one of the angels. She knows you got married and that you're happy. I think that matters, don't you?" Cas laid his head on top of Dean's and watched the fire.
"You can't blame yourself for this, Castiel." Charlie comforted when he got off the phone. "We didn't know she was leaving town to go shopping. This is no one's fault but the asshole who did this to her, whatever it was."
When she came to a stop, she had driven off the road and onto a almost invisible path. She pulled the key from the ignition and went around the back if the car. Castiel stood at the front of the Impala and looked down the overgrown path.
"Yeah, with a little help from your dad and Lucifer and Charlie." He smiled and took her hand. "Do you like it, really?"
I shrugged and stood up. I stripped my clothes off and pulled the pretty panties on. I snapped the waist on my hips and admired the way the sat. I grabbed my Canon camera and walked over to the full length mirror.
I reached up and grabbed his neck, pulling him down to me. I latched my lips to his neck, his hips rolling up into mine as he moaned.
"Fan-fucking-tastic!" I shouted, startling Dean. He looked at me with a wide eyed expression. "We can totally binge on Sherlock and collaborate on fanfiction as we await in the eternal hiatus!"
"Yes, sir. I did not want any dirt getting inside of it to cause infection, especially since she'll be out here." Castiel said with a small gesture to the dirt and grass of the outside that could get into the wound and cause infection.
He shrugged and looked down into my eyes. "I guess." He said. "I mean, yeah, I'll be your boyfriend." He gave a small smile.
On the other hand, if she told them they would probably be disgusted and leave her. John would leave for California again and take Sam with him. Castiel would tell her he hated her and he would leave too.
Just becasue Castiel had multiple piercing, outrageous hair, and safety pins through his jeans does not mean that he can't enjoy a good old fashioned Christine Feehan novel!
"Lady, sir, I have you dinner." Jess set down domed plates in front of each of them. "Please enjoy!"
"So, now that that is out of the way, reckon they'll let us out?" Castiel stood up and began to pace.
Dean comes back to the bedroom, shaking his head with a heavy blush across his face, neck and chest.
"Nothing I want to discuss in public ears." Deanna went to stand and shucked her shirt. "Come on, lets go get in the water." She reached out her hand to Castiel. He took it and stood, walking with her to the small pool where they could just sit.
"Hi, Lisa. Did you see that girl? Isn't she cute?" Charlie asked, handing over the money. "Hobbit, please."
"Good. Now c'mere." I reached up and pulled on his neck, bringing him down for an upside-down kiss. He sat up fully and smiled down at me, running his fingers through my hair.
"Just thought I would tell you he's not home so you don't expect to be thrashed soon." Lucifer turned to leave.
She curled in on herself and fell asleep. Castiel let out a sigh and drove on. He stopped at her house and carried her up to her room without her awakening and managed to escape unscathed.
She saw a set of large boots walk over to the side of the car. Quickly, she took the knife in her left hand and stabbed through the boot. The man screamed curses and hopped in the undamaged foot. Her ankle was grabbed and she was dragged forcefully from beneath the car.
Sam peeked out the kitchen door, Jess beneath him and Lucifer above him. They watched Deanna eat and laugh at Castiel.
"What are doing with the trash gang?" A voice said from Deanna's other side. She looked up and squinted at the form of Lilith. "Surely you have better standards than that."
"You know damn well, I would never call you a freak, Deanna Winchester, and anyone who does is going to become aquainted with my fist." Charlie said, softly despite the words she used.
"Probably." She smiled. "Anyway, now that I am mostly coherent, why am I awake before noon in the summer?"
"Castiel wanted to take you to a nice lunch." He said, gesturing to the boy at the other end. "It isn't early, girl. It's eleven thirty-eight in the morning and you don't need any more bedhead." He glanced up to the top of her head as her eyes widened in horror. They tried to roll up to look at the mess on her head, but it was ineffectual.
"No, honey, Sam can do that. You cooked." John intervened. Deanna smiled and lowered her head. She dried off her hands and patted Sam's disgruntled shoulder. He didn't complain though. He didn't mind doing the dishes when Deanna cooked.
"Though, I am glad he didn't come at me with a gun or something scarier." He rubbed his face and smiled at Deanna. "Walk me to the door?"
"Ah, nonsense. I think you are very pretty." Charlie sat up and patted Deanna's knee. "I think there is someone who would be interested in you, if you would like to meet my friends?"
Castiel held tight to her wrists so she wouldn't dart. She didn't try. Instead she gaped at him, eyes wide and mouth hanging open.
Hours compounded on hours had Castiel on edge. She'd be okay,  he knew, but it didn't calm his nerves like he wished it would. Surely a procedure like this wouldn't take that long? They probably had to prep her, do the surgery, put her into recovery or something, right?
"I'll show you." He set aside the panties for a second and unfastened his baggy cargo pants. He pushed them down and fully exposed to my eyes - and open door - the silky red g-string that barely held him in.
Satisfied they were enjoying themselves, the trio pulled their heads back in and leaned against the counter.
Thankfully Castiel had three days off from the hospital and Dean had the weekend from his job at the local high school. They intended to take full advantage of the free time.
"It's about time you showed up, you imbeciles." Dean grumbled unhappily as he straightened up. "You were supposed to have been here twenty minutes ago."
When they dropped Jensen off, he smiled a gummy smile and clasped and unclasped his hands in Ellen's direction.
They slept and awoke to the sunlight streaming into the bedroom. Dean smiled lazily at his husband, so glad to finally call him husband. Castiel just smiled right back.
The party wore on and people eventually began to pass out or leave. Castiel didn't drink that much, so he was fine, but Meg?
Deanna just looked at him, the tears and sadness clear on his young face. He was scared too. He just didn't know why.
"Curiosity, mostly. Just wanted to see what kind of underwear you wore. Now I know you wear all kinds." He winked at me, a smirk once again playing on his lips. "Does your dad know you have those?"
Then Kevin went. He spun and it landed on Meg. They kissed and Meg spun to land on Sam. Meg gave Sam a very quick peck and backed off to respect Ruby.
as he refered to the land of jocks and popular kids. Dean didn't really fit in. He didn't feel he would.
"She's mean, ain't she?" The second person snarled. He twisted her arm harder until her fingers were forced to relinquish control if the knife. Her legs were then swept from beneath her and her ankles bound together. She continued to thrash in their arms until they dropped her. She started an army crawl beneath the car, snagging her knife on the way.
The game ended with the Indians, Dean's team, winning. They bounced off the field and into the locker room to get changed and showered. Dean was happy about winning, but very uncomfortable having to share the locker room with his team mates, simply because he was self-conscious and didn't want them to see him. He ignored it and showered anyway. He had to and had for a few years now.
Once Dean was submerged deeply into sleep, I smoothed my hand down his back and over his ass. I hooked one leg over my hip and brought my fingers to the base of the plug still in his ass. I grabbed hold of the still slick surface as best I could and pulled gently until it popped free. He made a soft sound and his hips twitched the moment he was empty. I moved slowly, finding the little bag and placing the plug inside. I grabbed the bottle of lube and moved them out of sight and off the bed.
"WAIT!" Charlie exclaimed. "First, how about we make a rule that the kiss must last ten seconds!" She said mischievously. Dean glared at her with much power.
"Yeah, I am." John smiled sadly and scratched his day old stubble. "You have way more things tying you here than we had anywhere else. You have Cas, Charlie, Meg even."
"Hi." He croaked in a sleep coated voice. "Thought you were leaving." He closed his eyes and turned over in my arms so that his nose was buried in my chest. So fucking cute.
"Sh sh sh sh." She bounced in an attempt to calm the wailing as she walked grabbed the whole shebang to get him changed and fed. She changed Jensen quickly and deftly and propped him against her shoulder yet again as she got his bottle ready one-handed.
When they found him, Castiel called out to him. Sam turned and saw Castiel's hand on Dean's arm and raised an eyebrow. Castiel waved him over.
"Doesn't an old man get a hug for his efforts to get down here?" An familiar, old voice said from behind her. She looked in Sam's face and he nodded.
I can't believe Dean Winchester kissed me. Like, how did he dredge up the courage? He's cute as hell with his overbearing mothering and protection.
She had explained that Dean had talked about how he wanted to wear pretty dresses instead of the ugly pants he always had to wear. She said he didn't like being called he and that he asked her what was wrong with him. He knew he was a little boy, but he didn't feel like it.
He wasn't there to protect her. Maybe he hadn't trained her in hand to hand as well as he thought. Maybe he'd left her in incompetent hands. But he couldn't blame this on Castiel. When Deanna wants to do something, she usually does it. She for that trait from Mary and himself.
"That's how I ended up with your mom." John smiled sadly as he reflected. "She was the prettiest girl for miles. All the boys wanted her. I was just fortunate enough to have her."
"Oh, yeah? Lilith say this?" Castiel asked calmly, as though the rumors were ridiculous simply because they were. Deanna was obviously a girlfriend, she just happened to have something else.
"What are you doing?" I asked, my voice sounding croaky. He froze momentarily with his jeans halfway up his thighs.
I got up from the bed and walked over to the dresser. I opened the top drawer and began to root around until I found the felt pouch and a bottle. Smiling, I turned and showed him what I held in my hands. His eyes widened and his tongue wet his lips in his nervousness. I once again crawled up behind him. I pulled aside the thin strip of fabric and gazed at his tight little hole.
"You don't need to worry about that, De." Castiel assured. "We can adopt kids. Nothing can stop us from doing that."
I sat down and just watched him. It was obvious he didn't want any one to know about this so I couldn't take him to the hospital or call his parents. I had no option but to let him stay in my bed, sweating and shaking, until his fever broke.
I popped the top of the lube and dribbled a bit onto his hole. Using my middle finger, I worked the lube around and pushed a little inside of him. He squeaked an utterly emasculate sound and jerked from my touch. I hushed him and continued for a moment more.
"Shut up, Sammy!" I screamed as I got up and shut my door. I turned the lock and threw myself down on my bed. "I am so fucking stupid." I said to myself. I grabbed my phone and opened up my instagram. I went to Castiel's account and looked through all of his pictures. I was so fucking stupid to say I didn't want him in this house!
"C'mon, Castiel." Deanna got out and stood next to Bobby as they waited for John and Sam to get out. Castiel stood beside Deanna a grabbed her hand, giving her a large smile and walked up the steps to get in the building.
"Shame, isn't it?" Sam closed the door behind the creepy girl. New development: Charlie is tame compared to the bad energy Sam got from Lilith.
"Great gods, he has it for you, Dean! He wants to tap that ass!" The phone dinged again. Ah, shit. "Aaaand he wants you to wear a thong today. Too bad you're already at school."
Walking out of the theater, Charlie was going on about the movie and Peter Jackson. Castiel carefully tuned her out, opting instead for watching Deanna. She didn't quite have the same sway most girls did, but she did have beautiful legs flowing from beneath her dress. She twirled the end of her hair between her fingertips as she listened to Charlie go on and on. She would smile and suppress her laugh. Castiel kind of wanted to hear it.
"I'm gonna take Cas next door. I gotta tell him something." She whispered in his ear. Understanding dawned and he nodded.
I shook my head at my boys and their respective love interests. Castiel would be good to Dean. Now Lucifer.... He I had to think about.
"I hate your face." She grouched. "I will humor you this once." She conceeded, knowing it would probably be more times.
When they arrived at the cinema, Castiel got out and stretched out his back, hearing two pops from his spine. Charlie once again grabbed hands and dragged them along. We stood behind a girl wearing a leather jacket and a pale blue dress (skirt?).
"What?" She breathed, watching as he kissed her shoulder. "I don't care that you have a penis." He kissed her ear and the corner of her mouth.
The day passed pleasantly after that, each of them casually getting into splash fights until a surly adult stopped them.
"He, uh, doesn't like it when I eat. Says, um, that I, uh, am too fat." Castiel responded not so coolly.
"John Winchester." John shook her hand and smiled. "So, are you trying to set my baby girl up with this young man?"
"I will love you forever, De." John said, giving her delicate hand a squeeze. She squeezed her eyes closed as a tear tried to fall.
I took several more pictures like that until I was satisfied with them. I'd upload them onto my laptop and from there onto my phone later.
"Yeah, pretty much." She shrugged. "I always felt like I was a girl, even though I didn't look like any of the other girls."
"I love you, too." They sat in comfortable silence until they reached the old school where Sam was graduating from. This was the longest he'd ever stayed some where and Deanna was more than happy he was so happy being there.
"Now, you get on. You both need a little break." Sam shooed Dean and Castiel out the door. "We'll take good care of your girls."
"How is my baby boy doing?" John said smiling down at his son, not knowing his life was about to change.
"Still nothing, hon." Castiel grabbed her hand and kissed it. "I may have only known you for a month, but I'm smart enough to know that no one else captured my attention like you did."
"No reason, just don't feel like playing a game like this." He blushed and rubbed the back of his neck.
"What is it you aren't telling me, Bobby?" She finally asked. "Don't make me call Jodi and have her tell me." She pulled out her phone and unlocked it. She dialed Castiel's number, knowing it was on silent, and put the phone to her ear. As it rang Bobby got fidgety and finally snapped.
"Dude. He doesn't look like he's eaten in a week." Charlie put a hand on my cheek. Her hand was frigid. She felt my ribs, making me jerk unexpectedly.
John, having lived with her for, well, all seventeen years of her life, knew what she was saying even as Castiel squinted in confusion.
"Thanks." She popped the nipple in little Jensen's mouth and held him as he closed his big eyes and suckled like he'd never eat again, his pretty little lips going. His little fists were clenched tightly to his sides. Deanna looked down at his tiny face, wondering how she had ever managed to snag just a wonderful man six years ago and he had yet to leave her. They'd married a year after Sam graduated, the whole ordeal fairly small, consisting only of Charlie, John, Bobby, Ellen, and Sam.
"You know what? I'm not done with you." He grabbed my hair and began to drag me. I stumbled a bit before my feet found rhythm and hustled along the way. He threw me against the wall in the living room, sending me crashing down.
Driving half an hour wasn't fun on her sore bottom. She had no tears left to cry. She drove home and unlocked the front door on the house to find Sam, Castiel, Charlie, and even Meg sitting in the living room, each with varying expressions if worry and fear. The expressions changed as they saw her. Relief followed by horror crossed their eyes as they took in her appearance.
She shook her head, refusing to speak. She just curled her fingers into Castiel's shirt. She buried her face into his chest to hide. She didn't want to face their reactions.
"And I'm just hearing about this?" Deanna accused as she sat back, arms and legs crossed with one perfect brow raised.
Deanna felt hands on her hips as she was flipped into her belly and up onto her knees. She felt one if the guys kneel behind her and spread her ass cheeks. They spit on her hole and pressed the blunt head if their dick inside.
"Nah, you're perfectly fine. I just have a smaller ass and thighs." I shrugged and came closer. "I'll trade you, since these are close to falling off my ass."
"Wrong. Four so I'll be five inches taller and you'll like it." She grabbed his hand and tugged him to the door. "Bye, Dad!" She called.
The moment I saw the other vehicle I stopped dead in my tracks. The vehicle clipped my ass end, but still made us jolt to the side a bit.
"Dean, I need anything I can get if I am going to get an investigation launched to bring Castiel into my custody."
He started the Impala and drove to a shop. Inside he eased his quaking as best he could and bought a pound of chocolate (it had to be a pound! Deanna was gonna need it!), a big, blue stuffed teddy bear, and the biggest rainbow slinky he could find. When he went to check out the guy behind the desk squinted his eyes at the assortment.
Lisa Braeden was a cheerleader and often encouraged Dean to do what he wanted in life and not play some sport that he hated. She knew Dean better than any one else in the entirety of the school. She was Dean' best friend and they always hung out whenever they could. John thought they were dating and Dean was happy letting him think that. Dean didn't want John to find out the truth.
" I don't really know." I said casually. I am such a liar. I'm sure Garth's sock could tell. He tell me I was a liiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaarrrr. Damn Mr. Fizzles.
"I think it would be best for me to stay out of the way, Mrs. B." Deanna said regrettably. "I'm sorry."
She closed her door and pulled out her dress to lay it on her bed. She snagged her makeup from her dresser and sat cross-legged on the bed next to the dress. She pulled out her base and set it off to the side before extracting her purple shadows. Along the side of the dress, she laid each shadow out to compare shade and hue. Eventually she settled on two shades that complimented the dress  beautifully.
"Looks the same as it did when y'all left. Jodi is still working her tail off as sheriff. Sometimes Rufus comes around and has me bury something he hit, the bastard," Bobby said as he shook his head. "Nothing news worthy has happened out there."
"I don't really know. I've been in bed all day, sleeping part of it, and I just feel cooped up and like I have too much energy."
"I know, Sam. I know. How am I supposed to tell him? Oh, hey, by the way! I have a dick!" She snapped.
"Hey, Sammy, do you wanna go with me to the Cortese party?" Dean called to his little brother. John wasn't in, and probably wouldn't be back until Tuesday, when his business conference ended.
"It's alright, honey. I've lassoed Charlie into helping me. Besides, we are almost done." She smiled at the the younger girl and waved her off to the backyard. Castiel couldn't help but admire the way Deann walked over and placed a small kiss to the older woman's cheek, the same lips he had the pleasure of kissing only moments before.
"My friend, Charlie, wanted me to see if Deanna would like to join us to go swimming in the new park, sir." Castiel said as he stood up.
Deanna turned to look in the back seat and saw her little brother, Sam, fast asleep across the bench seat. She smiled and turned back around.
Sure, I love my dad, but he's not involved with us. I can't blame him for hiding away. I would too. Lucifer, Gabriel, and Anna all love me, but I have a feeling Sam would do anything for Dean and I know for a fact my siblings wouldn't. Lucifer might, though. My house is overly large and ugly in my eyes. The extent of my friends is really just Meg. Sure I socialize with others, I just can't handle them for as long as I can Meg.
He left her alone to her thoughts, tainted as they were. The doctors knew what happened to her. How could they not, what with the extensive bruising, bleeding, and other things she'd rather not talk about. They'd decided to run a rape kit when she gave her permission. She had merely nodded when they asked.
Unfortunately, they don't ignore me so much. This red headed girl, cute as hell, caught my arm and forcefully dragged me to god only knows where.
Cas's eyes found me immediately and a huge gummy smile erupted onto his face. I could feel the smile and the blush on my own face.
"Oh, sir, is it?" He leaned up on one elbow and toward me, getting in my face. My eyes locked onto his blue orbs and I began to drown; only ability left to me was nodding. "I kinda like that. Shame you don't like to bite, 'cause I kinda wanna be bitten."
"After he finished rifling through the drawer, he bent over to go through my dirty laundry. I saw the red strings of my favorite g-string over his hips. He pulled up a pair of green panties from the hamper and sniffed them. Then he pulled down his pants to show me the panties he had put on. Scarred Sam, I'm certain, 'cause my door was open.
She swallowed the lump in her throat and closed her eyes only to open them again when a soft hand rested just above her crooked knee. She didn't look, only felt.
"Castiel is there? What are you doing? How is it going? Have you sucked his dick yet? Or did he suck yours?"
"Now, now, is that anyway to talk to me? Especially in front of Alistair?" She tsked And smiled broadly.
"JohnLock, obviously, but I like to indulge in some Sherstrade. Daddy kink, maybe? I don't know." He shrugged. "So, what do you say we discuss ships on our walk?"
He crept to the bedside and laid down next to Castiel, lifting his arm up so he scoot beneath it. He rolled to his side and reached out to stroke Castiel's cheek.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just had an incident trying to cut a cucumber." She patted her dad's forearm with her unwrapped hand and squeezed his hand. "Honest, Castiel just went over board bandaging it up." She turned and gave him a small wink.
"Can I ask you a question?" Castiel said. "Who's your prettiest friend?" He batted his eyelashes at her and nuzzled her shoulder.
"Is it a boy? You're fucking him aren't you, you little faggot?" Michael charged me and slapped me hard across the cheek.
"It's fine. I know he isn't interested in me. He's interested in Crowley. I saw them talking, Sam, and Castiel was definitely flirting." Dean groaned as he melted into putty beneath Sam's relaxing hands. He hadn't known he was
"Open your eyes." Castiel untied the blindfold and tucked it into his back pocket. He bit his lip and Deanna gasped.
Castiel noted her swimsuit was a dark green one piece that dipped low in the front and had a high back. It looked stellar on her.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever." She buried her face in her pillow and shook with the remains of her laughter.
"I have guns, you know. I know how to use them. Hurt my little boy, and I won't hesitate." I threatened.
"Did Lucifer tell you he was intending to propose to Sam tonight?" Castiel asked from the seat next to Dean.
"You're welcome, sweety." John smiled at her. "Now, what do you say we stop and get something to eat?"
"Do you want to stay here for tonight?" She asked, blushing. "You know, so you don't have to go anywhere?"
"I swear to god, Castiel!" Deanna squealed. "No, stop! Quit it!!" She laughed uproarishly as she thrashed beneath Castiel.
"And the name is Crowley Sheppard, born forever ago, just like me, and I ain't tellin' you the rest, girl," Bobby griped unhappily.
A tap on his shoulder got his attention. He looked up and saw Deanna standing there, twisting her fingers.
"Shoulda known it was Charlie." He grumbled as he unlocked the phone. He typed quickly and set the phone down, only for it to begin singing Renegade by Styx.
"I did." Dean looked at his daddy. "I am a girl. Ms. Plum told me that sometimes people different." He explained talking to fast. "She said that some- sometimes little girls are born as boys and little boys are born as- as girls. I just know I'm a girl, Daddy."
"Uh huh." Sam nodded like he didn't believe Dean. "Right. Any way, next time, be so courteous as to pick me up or something. I don't like bumming rides or walking that far."
"Uh, no." She stood up as he tugged her hand. "I am not going anywhere without any makeup on. Are you crazy?"
"She will not allow our release until the end of this class. My dad's gonna kill me if he thinks I skipped on purpose." I said self-pityingly.
"Sure it is." Meg piped up. "Why not? Obviously we don't really respect you or even care that you exist."
"Excellent!" Charlie exclaimed clapping her hands. "They'll adore you! It's about time we had a shy girl in our group to corrupt!" She hopped up. "Well, I'll see you girls later!"
"He's still in Sioux Falls, s'far's I know." Bobby shrugged, embarrassed as only an old man can be. "And he treats me fine. I could kick his ass if I wanted to."
Deanna grabbed her makeup wipes and began to meticulously wipe the sheen from her face. She whipped off her shirt and slid a bra on. The shorts soon too fell to the floor as she grabbed a pair of underwear, tucking everything away so as to be discreet. She snagged a deep green skirt and a short sleeved shirt, sliding them into place. Brushing through her hair once again she looked in her full length mirror. She grimaced.
"Alright, well, why don't you just lay back down and get some sleep. You're gonna need it, with bruises like that." John said with a soft smile as he turned and closed the door behind him.
"I'm sure." Deanna stood up and grabbed a hairtie off her desk, pulling her hair up in a sloppy ponytail.
"I have a penis." Deanna stood up walked briskly to the door and had her hand on the knob to turn it when Charlie's hand landed on hers, tugging until she let go and sat next to her on the bed once again.
She stood up and shuffled slowly to the kitchen with her eyes closed where the coffee was calling her name like a siren to a sailor. She grabbed her favorite cup and filled it to the brim to sip on it contentedly.
"Yeah, sure thing, honey." John shrugged off his coat and draped it over his arm. He progressed to his room and put things away.
"Yeah, right. Whatever, dude." Castiel rolled his eyes and walked away, having heard the bell ending class.
Castiel didn't believe that; Dean had seemed fine. Dean probably just didn't really like the party scene much. Yeah, that had to be it.
She sat up straight close to the end and vocally protested, but quickly covered her mouth with her hand when she noticed. She looked sheepishly over to Castiel, Meg, and Charlie.
Sam laid at home on the couch, holding Jessica to his chest. It was silent in the house. Violently quiet.
Castiel was talking to Crowley and smiling. Dean's heart deflated just a little. Of course Castiel would be interested in Crowley! He was the head of the school, even if Dean was the football captain. Dean was too shy to take over rulership and was perfectly content in the shadows until it was gametime.
Does he hate me for kissing him yesterday? Why didn't he come to school today? I'm so confused. I don't know where he lives, though I know it is in the rich district. Perhaps he is still feeling ill. Maybe he just slept in late or is just skipping class.
"Is that so?" John turned to look at Deanna, one eyebrow raised and a smile playing on his lips. He was enjoying finally being able to torment the potential boyfriend.
I paced back and forth across the carpeted room. My breath was short and I was bound to have a full blown freak out.
Deanna went to the door and peeked out the door to see a red headed girl standing there practically vibrating in place.
I suddenly became very aware of Castiel straddling my ass. I shifted a bit to hopefully get the hint across that I wanted him to skedaddle. He caught on and moved off of me.
Castiel simply pushed it to the back of his mind, not wanting to push her until she was ready to talk to him.
"I know, I've missed you too." Bobby switched Deanna to under his arm and looked at Castiel. "Who might this be?"
"Still the offer is on the table any time you are willing to pick it up." I shrugged and went back to tracing circles on his belly. My finger went below his belly button, just below it, and goosebumps broke out over his skin. I smiled and ran my finger down to his pantie line and back up in soft, barely there feather brushes.
"Hey." She rested her head carefully on his back, not wanting to get makeup all over the pale blue fabric by rubbing her face all over it. She tightened her grip minutely and let go, gliding around to grab a knife and begin to cut up some more vegetables for the picnic.
Castiel talked Deanna to sleep. He hated her feeling this way. It wasn't her goddamn fault and those people were only making matters worse and that's exactly what they wanted to do. Make her miserable. And Castiel was not going to stand for it.
"It was Charlie's idea." Castiel  came around the car and leaned against it next to Deanna. "Maybe you would like to hang out with me some time? Just us?"
Castiel just shrugged. "It's cool, man." He smiled and Dean felt like his heart stopped. Dean felt heat rise on the back of his neck and backed away a bit. "What's your name?" Castiel asked.
Thank you for taking time to read this and I really hope that you enjoyed it!! Feel free to drop a comment and I'll be more than happy to respond!!
"You could stay here, if I asked my dad. I've got a job working at my uncle Bobby's shop. Sometimes Crowley is there and distracts him from work, so I'm left picking up slack. I get groceries and Dad does bills and whatever else he needs to." I explained my situation. "We can house you. You can sleep in here with me."
"Yes, Deanna. He'll be a little angel for her and nothing will happen." Castiel reassured her. "Order your food and when we leave here, we can have some alone time." He winked at her and brushed the inside of her wrist with his finger, a sensitive zone. Goosebumps broke out on her arm and she smiled at him.
"Usually go to Bobby's, but he's letting me come in weekends since he has enough people working." He shrugged and went to the kitchen. I followed him and hopped up on a bar stool to watch him.
Eventually the door opened and a person was shoved in. They stumbled and turned to curse at the people who shoved him. It was a deep voice, a sexy voice. Dean's voice. Fuck me.
"I suppose." He leaned against the counter and put a hand over his eyes, letting loose a small chuckle. "You know how many fanfictions I have read where they walk to the park or they just walk around town? Too many."
"Yeah, you two go ahead. I'll stay here with her." Castiel took a seat and shooed the two girls away.
"There's my baby boy!" She said, grabbing hold of him and lifting him. He twisted his fingers in her shirt and make little gurgling noises.
"Yeah. I know." John sighed and ran a hand through his greying hair. "I'm going to go get groceries with Sam in an hour or two so you two can be stocked up for a while while you save up money and such. If you ever need any help, just call me anytime and I'll be able to, okay?"
"I don't think we'll be in for kids." Castiel said, hiding the sadness in his voice. Deanna couldn't have kids.
"I found an old recipe of your mom's for cinnamon rolls." He pushed down on the dough, forcing a cloud of flour to explode outward. "I tried making a double recipe, but I didn't anticipate how difficult it would be to knead the dough."
We awkwardly laid on the bed, not saying anything until the front door opened and closed. It was probably only thirty minutes after John had departed.
They both just hoped she didn't get hurt in the end. Charlie watched as Deanna took off with Castiel, fear and hope combined in the pit of her stomach to make her lightheaded. She could only imagine how Deanna felt.
He told me how he want to leave town and never look back. Leave to get his Ph D in medicine, get married, and adopt little munchkins to have running around his home. He wants to become successful to rub it in Michael's pretentious face, flaunting how he really wasn't such a "fuck up."
Sam's eyes widened as he realized what that meant and nodded. He was not going to deny her her opportunity to come clean, as it were.
Ruby grabbed the bottle and spun it. It went round and round until it landed on Kevin. She let out a disappointed pout, but kissed him anyway.
Pain streaked through her body as the head penetrated her virgin body. She heard him groan as he bottomed out. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she sobbed. The dark hood soaked up her tears but couldn't swallow her sound if despair as he began to move within her body.
"C'mon, Dean. Let's leave your brother to text mine." I tugged Dean from the room. "So, what do you normally do after school?" I asked him.
"Damn right, babe." He sank his teeth down into the muscle of my chest, making my back bow and a strangled cry release from between my lips. My eyes blew wide as the pain blended into pleasure. Maybe pain can be pleasurable.
"Fine." She pouted. She waited expectantly making Castiel sigh and show her the piercing in his tank. Naturally he could not see her, so he jolted when she touched.
"Calm down, Bobby. He was just making an observation. Now, how's this Crowley treating you? Where is he now?" Deanna questioned.
"Basically." I shrugged. "And he knows that I have a shit ton of panties. Makes me wonder what else he knows."
"Yeah, yeah, I know, we got held up my Mrs. Harvelle. She insisted on feeding us." Sam said as he carefully took Elisah from Cas's arms.
"I don't see why not." Meg said. "The three of us don't fit nicely in your car, Char, Deanna's is bigger and, no offense, prettier."
Deanna started her walk around the mall, looking in stores and picking maybe one or two things to buy.
"Wait, a minute... Your dad knows you are gay, and doesn't give two shits?" Charlie asked in the deserted classroom we had commandeered before classes started.
"No, actually she is in surgery right now, douche bag. I'm trying to get her something so she can feel okay when she gets out. Now if you'd point me to the pie, I'd be more than happy to pay for this and not smash your face into your rib cage." Castiel snarled, the nerves obviously showing through his anger.
"C'mon, Cas, let me get up. I'll start you a warm bath and while you just soak up the warmth I'll change the sheets. I'll throw the new ones into the dryer to make them warm when you come back to bed. Whaddya say?" I caressed his back slowly as I spoke.
I carried his unconscious form to my room to lay him down. I felt his forehead again an felt the sweltering heat.
"Ah." He nodded and scratched at the back of his neck. "I think she had a panic attack, which I calmed her down from. Then she tried to tell me and I beat her to the punch." He turned away from Charlie and started to pace.
"Oh, hell yes. I am not going to stay here forever." He laughed. "I am going to leave and never look back."
She came out of her room and found them sitting exactly where they had been. Their conversation died as her door clicked shut.
Castiel went down and stood outside the door and waited until Crowley came out. Meg followed him and leaned against the wall behind him as he talked to Crowley.
"You keep believing that, old man." Deanna kissed Castiel's jaw, loving the feel of his stubble on her lips.
"This is so cute!" Jess whispered before clearing her throat. "I am to make sure you both have a pleasant experience and that you enjoy your food, which should be out in about ten minutes." Jess curtsied in her black and white dress before departing for the kitchen.
Thoughts of Dean filtered into my thoughts. Dean in his pretty blue panties. Dean in the g-string I had worn. Dean laying on
"We are about to go out and have a dinner to celebrate. My boyfriend, Bobby, is going to be there." Crowley said.
Castiel turned away to watch the team get warmed up for the game. The first person to catch Castiel's eye was number sixty-six, aka Crowley. Castiel rested his elbow on his knee so he could rest his chin in his hand and sighed. Crowley, king of the school. He was so handsome.
She deposited her bags into the trunk if the Impala and shut it, still feeling  the presence stalking her.
Sam leaned over and kissed her. Castiel nudged her when they pulled away and gave her a smile. She blushed prettily and gave the bottle to Castiel to spin, since she had already gone and he hadn't.
"Hey." Castiel grinned and looked Dean up and down, stopping to admire the slightly younger guy's arms.
"No, but he'll probably want to break up with me when he finds this out." Deanna looked out back nervously. "Can we go to your room to discuss this?"
"It's okay. You're new here and you would find out eventually." Charlie smiled and walked in the park. "Lets go have fun, ladies."
Deanna lay in the hard hospital bed and stared out the window, not even listening to John talk to her. She was only thinking about whether or not she should tell anyone.
"No, I'm not gonna put pressure on you to have to share your bedroom or your earnings. I am doing well enough at home. Besides it's only a short while until I can graduate then I can say sayonara to this whole thing." He aimlessly shrugged and went on. "I'll be free and able to do my own damn thing."
"Please sit down, Castiel." Dad said. I sat down in my own chair and Castiel followed suit in the seat next to me. "It has come to my attention that you are not at the optimal health for a teenage boy. You have sustained injuries, be it only bruising that I saw and see, and it appears these bruises came into existence under mysterious circumstances."
When he arrived he saw Sam standing outside kicking a soccer ball against the wall of the house. He heard the vehicle pull up and looked over. A huge grin overtook his face as he darted over to Castiel.
"Take your time, baby girl." Castiel urged. She had to tell him. She couldn't make this last any longer than it was supposed to.
Once the caps and gowns were lifted off and over Deanna and Castiel's heads they got in vehicles and drove away. Deanna opted to ride with Bobby since she hasn't seen him in a long time. Castiel sat in the back, albeit awkwardly, and listened to Deanna talk animatedly with the man.
"Let me see." Castiel hesitantly looked to me for reassurance. I nodded. He stood up and pulled the shirt over his head, exposing pale skin and bones, and turned his back to my dad.
"Oh, Char, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap, it's just... I don't even know." He sighed and rubbed his forehead. "My brain is still scrambled."
"Of course." I smiled at him and pulled him tighter, causing him to wince just a little. "You know, you'e going to have to tell me what happened."
Slowly, Deanna blinked awake. She was unaware if her location and the black bag over her head wasn't helping her either. However she did feel the cold floor beneath her bare bottom and back with her wrists bound tightly above her head. She started to thrash and discovered her legs bound as well.
"And you felt like coming to Ruby's party?" Castiel looked like something dawned on him. "You are Sam Winchester's brother! Ruby totally has the hots for him! Is he here?"
Deanna and Castiel had been going very slow, not that she minded. They often went on double dates with Charlie and a girl named Gilda. He never did more than hold her hand and peck a soft kiss on her left cheek, sometimes a soft hug.
"Shit." I heard a grumbled and the bed dip. I slowly blinked my eyes open again. I rolled over to look at Dean was quickly, and surprisingly quietly, changing into clothes.
"You have to, baby." Castiel smoothed his fingers over her soft wrist. "We need to figure out who did this to you."
Deanna had gone with Castiel, Charlie, and Meg the Wednesday before to collect her schedule and explore the campus so she would at least have a general idea if where she had to go.
Charlie stood on tiptoes as she looked in the window at me, I suppose trying to make sure I didn't get away.
She went in Dillard's and simply meandered around just looking. It felt as though she was being followed, but when she glanced around, she didn't see anything. Didn't mean there wasn't a threat.
"You know, you gave me a fright too." Sam interjected. "I hear this crash against the wall and sudden cackles like some maniac was enjoying himself."
"Sources say, your girlfriend is actually a boyfriend." Alastair said in his annoying, nasally voice.
"You wouldn't kill him, 'cause then I'd be sad." Deanna pointed out as she wrapped an arm around Castiel's waist.
"Because I said so." Castiel pulled on his shirt and dusted it off a bit. He took off his sweats and pulled on his jeans onto his naked ass.
Castiel walked Deanna over to the small, intimate table and pulled put a chair for her to sit. Castiel sat opposite her and rang a little bell.
"Thanks, little brother." Deanna said, ruffling his hair as she went to the kitchen. She found John there eating a grilled cheese. "Hey, Dad."
"Ey, Romeo, Juliet, I'm going out to see Jess. Don't burn down the house." Sam said as he poked his head in the door.
The hunger in his eyes as he raked them over my obviously flushed face, neck, and chest made my body tighten involuntarily.
"It's not your fault and you know it." Sam said. "Besides I don't think Charlie would give two shits about it. In fact, just by judging what I know of her, she would be ecstatic to know. Meg doesn't look like she would bat one eyelash at it. She'd probably shrug and-"
Deanna just shook her head and followed Charlie to where Cas and Meg would inevitably be. They said their own respective hellos to one another, Cas being all fortunate as to get a kiss from his girlfriend.
"You know she was going to find out sometime." Sam said. "Even if I don't know what you're hiding, I know Deanna would figure out your secret and then she'd be upset you never told her. Do you wanna deal with that?"
Castiel shrugged and entered the cool house. He quietly made his way down the hall and knocked on the door.
"Thank god you're not naked." Sam grumbled. "I had to get a ride here, since your happy ass was here macking on this one."
"It's okay, Sam. No one is going to make you do anything yet." Jess told him. "I don't expect anything this drastic this new in our relationship."
Unfortunately, Deanna and Castiel were at opposite ends if the line, so they couldn't stand next to each other and hold hands. They still found each other's eyes and gave strong smiles. Charlie was close to Castiel and she gave thumbs up to both of them.
"You, Michael Novak are unfit to be a guardian to any of these children. Your rights as guardian are revoked. These children will go into Mrs. Harvelle's home for the short time until they turn eighteen. Castiel Novak is to live with John Winchester as the only exception. Dismissed." The judge ruled, finally.
"Change of plans. We're taking Baby, since she's bigger." Deanna grabbed her car keys and a towel she realized she had forgotten. "See you later."
"Just like her mother, I swear." John said as he got up, slippered feet padding away. "I'll see you two in a bit."
He didn't care much. And neither did his three favorite siblings, Lucifer, Gabriel and Balthazar. In fact Lucifer always went with Castiel to get new ink or a new piercing.
"Yeah, I think so." I put my head in my hand, feeling too hot. I rested my head on the desk I sat at and took deep breaths.
Sam chose that moment to come stumbling out of his bedroom, messy haired and shirtless. He froze when he saw Deanna, John, and Castiel.
Castiel sat in his bedroom, staring at the wall. He had ideas about what happened, but he was afraid to say them out loud. He was scared of what her answer might be.
"Me and Sam are gonna stay here and help clean up, okay?" He told her, letting her know she would be alone for a little while.
. You should see how many people hound after you as it is." I snorted and turned. I laid back and rested my head in the hole made by his crossed legs.
"What?" She looked over confused. "Oh, no. Just in case we need it. Dad always taught me how to defend myself should I need to."
I grabbed his arm nervously and watched as Bobby stepped through the doors to take his place at the front. I took a deep breath and smiled as the doors parted once again to let me and Dad through.
"Well, then." Sam looked at Castiel with an odd look. "Anyway, Dad told me to tell you to go do something with your boyfriend here."
"Oh, yes, and I am borrowing one of your thongs. It's pretty comfortable. Would you like to see?" He asked as he straightened up holding yet another pair of panties, this time to his nose.
"When  you want to people to be together, like I want Castiel and Deanna, you ship them, meaning you put them in a relationship. Doesn't have to be romantic; it could just be platonic." Charlie said. "Now when this 'ship' is one you feel is just meant to be, we call it an OTP, meaning One True Pairing. There are other variations, I am sure."
Castiel and myself eventually crawled beneath the blankets once again where I traced patterns on his soft skin and he hummed happy sounds.
Must have been a good little nap, or he was overly tired, Deanna mused watching as his eyes closed again and he fell asleep yet again.
"Shouldn't you want to please yourself?" He paused for a moment. "Backtrack. Shouldn't you do what you want to do?"
"I just wanted to introduce myself to my new neighbors. I live across the street. I had to wait until that Charlie trash left." Lilith pushed past Sam into the living room. "Oh, hello there. You must be..."
"Okay. Yeah." He sat back in the seat and sighed. Lucifer just had to fuck it up, didn't he? Granted it wasn't intentional, but still. It made Deanna doubt her worthiness to be with Castiel, and that hurt. She didn't think she was good enough because she couldn't bear children? He wasn't lying when he said he wasn't with her for breeding purposes.
"He's not gonna find out either, right?" I said nonchalantly. If he does, he does. If he doesn't, he doesn't. I'll deal with what comes.
When she looked into the mirror she was horrified with what she saw. Her hair was a total mess, having fallen out of the ponytail she had pulled it into. She growled as she grabbed the brush and started yanking it through the ends of her hair, working her way up until it was all brushed through and silky. She didn't even look down at her shirt, knowing it was an embarrassement as well as her shorts. The shirt had been John's shirt from the days he helped out Bobby at the garage at Sioux Falls, the short time they had been there. It was absolutely grungy and deliciously comfortable to sleep in. The shorts she had been wearing weren't so bad, all things considered, she just really wished Castiel hadn't seen them.
John made it home just as Deanna was putting a couple of the patties in a pan she had been happy to find.
Castiel admired the shape and smoothness of Deanna's legs. They were beautiful, even with the bow to them. He liked the way her legs were golden brown all the way up until they disappeared into her shorts.
How does one react to tragedy? Should they scream and cry? Or should they sit in silence, acting as though nothing happened? Or should they find ways to cope with what had happened, find support from those who love them?
Dad thinks we are a couple? Or maybe he was just saying that. Or maybe Sammy was lying, but why would he lie about that?
John pulled into the drive of the little house the company had found for him. He handed the house keys to Deanna
"Of course I can." She wiggled her brows just as a pretty girl with brown skin and gentle eyes walked up behind her. "Ah, Gilda, these ate my friends Deanna and Castiel."
"Nah, I'm good. I will sit down however." Castiel walked over and sat so close to Dean he was almost in his lap. Dean didn't know how to react to such forwardness, so he sat perfectly still and frigidly.
I carried them to the laundry room and tossed them into the dryer, starting it up just enough to allow them to be warm when I put them on the bed.
"We stay in touch, just in case she ever has any kiddos we might want to adopt ourselves. Besides, after all she did for Gabriel and Anna, the least we can do is visit her every once in a while." Lucifer answered.
I got up from the bed and unlocked the door. I walked back over to my bed and flopped back down. Dad came in and sat down beside me.
Thankful her bed didn't creak or anything of the sort, she got up slowly, moving at a glacial pace until she was standing and toeing her flat off to pad quietly to the living room. There she found John lounging in his recliner watching god-only-knows on TV.
"And what's the name, birth date, arrest history, parents' names, you know the drill," Deanna said impatiently.
I swallowed nervously as I noticed the small ring protruding slightly. Like the end of his dick was pierced.
"Right. A kid with tattoos, piercings, and a low self-esteem not being a fuck up?" He snorted and rolled his eyes.
"You look really pale. You sure you're okay?" He got up and moved closer to me. He rested a hand on my forehead. "Dude, you are burning up."
"Hello, my name is Charlie Bradbury. I just saw you come in and figured I would introduce myself." She smiled and extended her hand.
"Yeah, we should." He agreed. Neither of them moved.  Deanna enjoyed being wrapped up in Castiel's arms and he liked having her captive close to his body.
"Whatever. Get off your ass and put on some shoes." Meg pulled Castiel's limp hand. "We don't have long and if we want to catch the beginning we have to get on."
"I thought women took longer to get ready." Deanna playfully complained as she pulled out of their drive.
"Did my brother get your number?" I asked him. The blush gave him away. "He did. He likes you, you know."
Dean's phone was insistent. It started going off and would ping every thirty seconds. He groaned and rolled toward the pinging phone, picking it up to see who was blowing up his phone.
"Because his mother was going to visit and he just had to have an excuse to come down." Bobby explained, crossing his arms and glaring at his family. "Don't you get that way with me."
Time had passed much too quickly for everyone involved. Charlie, Meg, Castiel, and Deanna were having a killer time hanging out, basically being the mostly carefree teens for the last time.
John was given the privilege to set off the finale to all the fireworks, and was ecstatically bouncing on the heels of his feet until he could strike a match and light the final fuse.
"You know, I'll be getting a new truck in the town we're living in so you can take Baby. You do need a ride around town if you want to go shopping or whatever, and I figured you didn't want your old man dropping you off places."
"He left shortly after. Then all the Dad Stuff came after that. You know, I can't find the panties that he pulled out of the hamper?" I finished and Charlie was staring at me with wide hopeful eyes.
"De..." Castiel sighed. His eyebrows scrunched up in confusion as he felt the overly large hand on his cheek in his sleep. He opened his eyes slowly and came face to face with John.
"I understand why you did what you did, but you should have come to me first." Mr. Purdy wrote something on a slip of paper. "Obviously, you and Alistair have different stories, so I'm going to have to talk to Deanna and other people as well. For now, neither of you are in trouble. You won't be until I get more information around this."
Deanna came to alone. It was dark and her entire body ached. She didn't want to remember. She didn't want to remember, but she did.
"I read, watch movies, and write a lot." She stretched her legs out. "I'm just kinda boring all around. What do you like to do?"
Dean hooked one of my arms over his shoulders while Charlie did the same on the other side. I was lopsided, but we made it to the office just fine.
Once his vision came back into focus, he saw Charlie looking at her phone, ridiculous smile on her face.
Castiel launched himself into Dean's arms, kissing him thoroughly. Not like they don't get enough of that at home.
"Eh, it's whatever. We talk sometimes, but it's not like anything serious." Sam shrugged and sighed.
"What do you say, this Saturday, we take Jen to Ellen and let her watch him. She's been chomping at the bit to get a weekend with him."
"Yeah, I did not get good vibes from her." Sam shivered dramatically. "She looked at me like I was something to eat."
As she rounded the side of the Impala, someone reached out and grabbed her arm. She used her other hand to whip out the knife and slice through the air. She felt the blade slide through flesh and heard a loud curse.
I don't know why it affected me so much when he did he couldn't care less if I was there. It shouldn't have, but it did.
"I'm tired." Deanna said as she stood up. At least the house had electricity and water, or so they said.
"Okay. See you later." Deanna smiled and got out of the car. Sam followed suit and went behind the car to grab their bags. They hoisted their bags up on their shoulder and walked up the sidewalk and into the house.
He sat up and ran his fingertips down my neck and sides to rest on my hips. He watched as my muscles quivered and trembled in my belly. He smiled as his touch brought goosebumps to my flesh.
She talked about life and Castiel, carefully avoiding the incident. Only when they arrived at the restaurant did she stop telling him about everything under the sun.
"His words exactly were, 'Why don't you tell Dean to go do something with his boyfriend in there.' I kid you not, Dean. I wouldn't do that." Sam said seriously.
A twitch of a smile appeared on my lips as I once again curled down to sleep in the warm delicious smelling bed.
"Deanna, you've gotta tell us sometime." Charlie said, standing on Deanna's left and grasping her hand tightly. She examined the hand and saw raw burns from a rope or some other rough fabric. Like she'd been restrained. Curiosity got the better of Charlie as she pulled back the blankets and looked at Deanna's ankles. The same burns were there too. Charlie felt like throwing up.
My back bowed and a strangled noise escaped my throat. My hands grasped at his back, blunt nails raking over in earnest.
Something in his eyes switched, becoming darker and more possessive. My heart sped up in fear and anticipation.
"Not bad, is it?" He asked against my lips. I shook my head. He laughed and flopped over to the side to lay on his back beside me. "Wonder what John will say when he sees your hickey."
"I found this place and I want to show it to you." She responded simply. She didn't look over, only drove onward.
"You know, you're a lot more intelligent than you often portray yourself to be." Castiel booped the end of my nose. "You're too sweet. Gonna give me diabetes and cavities."
The night ended and everyone said goodbye as the happy couple left to the little cabin Bobby let them borrow for the honeymoon.
"You know I love you no matter what, don't you?" Castiel said quietly. Deanna nodded and tightened her fingers. "Good, because when we graduate I'm packing up your things and my things and we are driving away from here and we'll never look back.
"No, Winchester. No, bad. That was only seven seconds. Must start over." Charlie said with a big grin on her face. Castiel just shrugged and pulled Dean back. Dean could feel his skin break out in goosebumps where Castiel touched him.
"Well then. Does that mean you wouldn't want to date me? 'Cause Sam said that you had the hots for me." Castiel smirked as he looked at me.
Deanna looked over at Charlie with raised brows. "I guess I'll see you in a bit." She left the room, Charlie still sprawled on the bed.
Dean wore his letterman jacket only when it was Friday, opting for his old, worn-down brown leather jacket any other time. The soft leather made him feel safe, even when he was far into
"Because I said so." Meg stated. "Now hurry your skinny ass up and get your damned shoes on." She groaned at him.
"Say, do ya wanna hang out some time today?" Castiel asked. Dean could hear the smile on the other end.
Castiel lay back to look up at the stars and fireworks when they went off, carefully tugging Deanna down to rest her head on his shoulder, hair draped casually over his arm. He snaked his right hand down, the one not held down by her, and grabbed her right hand to hold it on his chest. He kissed the top of her head and smiled down at her before hearing an awing sound and being blinded by an overly bright flash.
"You've heard the rumors about Deanna Winchester, right?" Castiel started. When Mr. Purdy nodded Castiel continued. "He walked up to her and called her a he, which is misgendering and rude to anyone. On top of this Deanna is already in a state of emotional turmoil." Castiel took a breath to calm down. Mr. Purdy patiently waited. "I'm not going to tolerate people trying to make her situation worse, something Lilith seems bent on doing. Alistair does what Lilith says and when he called her a freak and a he, I snapped and broke his nose. Do what you want with me, but I will not say I am remorseful when I am not."
"That's what I'm here for." I laid my palm fully on his ribs and felt bone through flesh. "You know, we could find a new arrangement for you so that you could finally eat and live comfortably."
Castiel didn't want to find out. Not because she wasn't gorgeous. No, simply because Castiel didn't float his boat in her sea.
"Get in the car, boy!" She walked outside and sank down into the leather of the Impala's seat, Castiel actually not that far behind her.
Castiel picked up his burger and took a big bite immediately. She just shook her head and did the same. Two of a pair.
Later they progressed to the bedroom where they undressed slowly, heated kisses passing between the husbands. Castiel made love to Dean gently, in reverence.
"Well, I expect you all to be good, understand me?" Dean said, looking pointedly at his little Mary snuggled so tightly against Lucifer's side.
Castiel considered for a moment and responds in the negative. She didn't really do anything noteworthy.
I got in my VW and just sat in the seat reeling. I took a deep breath and turned the key in the ignition.
"Maybe for you. I think it is kind of funny. Reckon your dad thinks we're actually dating?" Castiel scratched his chin.
Dean grabbed a drink and decided to meander between grinding bodies to just meander. He found Andy smoking weed and watching everyone. Dean shook his head and turned to walk some where else when he bumped into solid body. He looked at who he bumped into and began to apologize profusely.
"Bitch's carryin' a knife, Al!" The sliced man yelled as her arm was snagged and twisted behind her back. She didn't drop the knife, but swung her heel back and nailed a shin. She heard a grunt followed by yet another curse.
"We are so fucked." Castiel said from his corner. "Metaphorically, of course." He laughed at his poor joke.
"Take off with you, marry you, and try at being a graphic designer." Castiel said immediately, not even thinking about his answer.
Dean gave the coach a lame ass excuse and went home after rounding up Sam and getting him in the 1967 Chevy Impala that John had given Dean when he became football captain.
The game finished as the boys hopped off the field to the locker room to get cleaned up to go out and have a celebratory dinner.
"C'mon, De." Castiel grabbed her hand. "Why don't Charlie and Gilda take my car, while you and I go somewhere until Sam gets out of class?"
Football season was out. I had nothing else to occupy my mind, so it did what it wanted unless I made myself busy.
Deanna decided tonight would be the night she told Charlie and Meg. She was going to work her way up to telling Castiel. Plus she wanted to get Charlie's advice on the matter.
"I don't know, Char. She's just had it out for me since I started high school." He sighed dramatically.
She made it home and pulled into the drive. Sam got out and walked up into the house, Deanna not far behind. She glanced at the clock.
"Nah. I'll go to Charlie's in a little bit. 'Posed to be staying over there tonight." He shifted ,some and laid down, head on her pillow next to her hip.  "After I wake up properly."
"Yeah, I'm fine." She smiled up at him and kissed his hand, settling back to watch another burst of bright fireworks. She remained decidedly tense.
So maybe he was more nervous than he was letting on. He went up to the reception desk and asked the pretty young nurse there to call him when Deanna Winchester came out of surgery. She said of course and took down his number in Deanna's file. He thanked her and walked out the door, going quickly to the Impala. He got inside and took a deep breath and let it out. She'd be okay.
She began to thread fingers through Castiel's infinitely soft hair again as she thought back to the happier and softer days.
Castiel carefully carried her out to his car and tossed Charlie his keys so he could sit in the back with her. Sam hopped in the back as well and stroked her outer leg to give her some sort of comfort. Meg stayed behind to clean the blood off the leather seat of the Impala. She didn't want to see the wreck of the once lively girl.
Sam ran in, hair mussed slightly, panic clear in his features until he saw Castiel pressed against the wall, hand over his chest where his heart was no doubt trying to calm down, and John shaking with laughter on the bed.
She opened the door to squint into the sunlight and saw Castiel. Her eyes instantly widened, as she slammed the door shut. She leaned her back against it.
At the hospital, Castiel was in the phone with John as he waited for news on Deanna. John told him he would be out as soon as be could catch a plane.
"He totally kept them!" She grabbed the phone and proceeded to scroll through all of the pictures he sent. Her eyes widened and I groaned. What now?
Sam didn't buy it one bit, but he let it fly. Dean never was good around many people. There was reason why he only had Lisa, Charlie, Andy, and Jo as friends.
Castiel's hands went back to kneading Dean's back. It felt so damned majestic even through the shirt he was wearing.
"Besides, we are only seventeen. We aren't planning on any thing like that, especially right now." Castiel said.
Around the time sixth period came around, I noticed Dean was not in the hallways. And to think I was going to ask some advice about asking my Novak out.
"You asshole! You better never come down or I will kill you!" Dean was red in the face from embarassment and fury.
The game started and the crowd cheered. Boos came from the opposing side every time Dean's team got ahead, and they cheered every time their team got ahead.
"Of course." Deanna sat down once again. "I heard him talking on the phone the other day to someone named Jess."
At home, Castiel had Deanna lifted up with her legs wrapped securely around his waist. He kissed her, passion long-suppressed surfacing and taking them over completely.
Deanna carefully slid behind the wheel and caressed the steering wheel as John took his seat in the passenger side. She started up the car and relished in her sound. She pulled out of the drive and followed John's instructions to the car dealership.
Sam ran outside and quickly climbed up the ladder into the old treehouse they had built many years ago. He pulled up the ladder so Dean couldn't get to him.
"I'm just gonna go...." Sam walked slowly backwards back into his room. Whatever he was going to do could wait.
Castiel sank down into the cool water relishing the relief from the sun. Deanna sat slowly on the ledge under the water and sighed herself when she became surrounded from the belly up.
"I know Benedict Cumberbatch plays Smaug. I know Luke Evans is part of it. I saw the first two with you, dammit."
"Okay, okay." Castiel grabbed Deanna's arm and began to guide her down the drive. "Let's go, Dee, let's go."
"You're my son. I see things." Dad shrugged and went on. "You really shouldn't be afraid of your crush on him. He seems like a decent kid, despite the look of a hellion that he has."
"I needed something to do." She shrugged. "It was close enough to dinner so I started. Hamburgers okay?"
"Yes he would." Castiel agreed. "He'd be proud of both his boys." Castiel reached over and grabbed Dean's hand.
When she walked by Dillard's she heard a loud catcall from the fountain off in front of the store. She rolled her eyes at such rude people and felt sorry for the victim if such crudeness.
"Yeah, he's cool." Castiel shrugged and took a drink. "He was thrown out of the house at a young age for something. I don't remember. I didn't get to know him until much later."
He hustled over to the gorgeous Impala and sank ever so delicately into the leather seat. When she turned the key, the engine rumbled to life and Castiel reveled in the power.
"Yeah. That Charlie girl is interesting." John said as he stood up. "Go on and get your swim clothes on." John pushed Deanna gently along.
"Jesus, you two are gonna choke." Lucifer brought his seat back over and leaned forward on the table.
She took a healthy drink of her coffee and set in on the coffee table before proceeding at a quick, if not still sleep induced, hustle to her room for a brush.
Well, for the most part. There was always one group that gave Castiel a hard time, but he just rolled his eyes and turned up his music
"I'm sure you could, old man." Deanna smiled at her adopted uncle. He got so crotchety when he had to share secrets.
"What?" Dean opened his eyes fully and would have sat up, if Castiel hadn't been straddling his hips.
This chapter is kinda not good in terms of writing. I honestly don't know how to go about fixing it without totally screwing up the rest of the story. Feel free to drop any suggestions in the comments. 😊
"Yes." He practically moaned as he pushed the tight fabric off his legs. I chuckled and pulled of the jeans I was wearing. We traded jeans and slid them on. Perhaps I took a moment to slap Dean's ass, maybe I didn't.
Still, she progressed like there was no one around who could be a threat to her safety, though she knew that to be false. She decided it was time to go, so she tightened her grip on her bags and reached inside her purse, grabbing hold of her very sharp knife in it's sheath.
Deanna swept her hair up on top of her head and padded on the cold floors to the nursery. The adoption was final and had been for about three months. They had a tiny baby boy to care for that they could raise like their own.
Deanna looked about and saw the home was fully furnished, thankfully since they didn't have anything but their clothes and a few other things.
"Damn right it won't. You're not going to school tomorrow.I don't want you seeing that boy. Give me your phone."
"Oh, please." She snorted and rolled her eyes. "So, I noticed you had your eye on some Winchester candy last night." She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively.
"Thank you." Deanna was surprised. People usually didn't call her pretty. They called her freak, but never pretty.
She was going alone, knowing she'd be safe. John had dine a good job making sure she knew how to protect herself.
Deanna practically ran by and felt his eyes on her, making her all the more skittish. She bolted into her bedroom and closed the door. She found her makeup bag that held her brush. She hustled to get her hair out of the disgusting bun and brush it out.
A thought surfaced as she looked at his spiky stubble and curved lips; what if he wanted to... you know?
"Yeah, I know, but I'm so scared, Charlie. Everywhere I go, I am made fun of and told I'm a freak when people find out." Deanna took a seat on the bed and knotted her hands together, hissing in pain when she pinched the cut.
"You both looked fantastic." Charlie gushed over us, champagne glass in hand and her girlfriend, Gilda.
The kid spluttered and hurried off to find some pie. Castiel took a deep breath again and leaned on the counter. Chris came back quickly with an apple pie and rang everything up.
"Speaking of which, are they the ones who did that to you?" I didn't want to pressure, but I had to know.
Deanna went back into her bedroom and dug around until she found the deep green one piece and some short black shorts. She slowly undressed, pondering how her life had suddenly become interesting.
"Sure it is." I rolled my eyes and myself onto my stomach. I laid my head down on my crossed arms and looked at Castiel. His hair had dried and was beginning to stand up in weird places.
"He knows I'm gay, that I have panties and wear those instead of boxers or briefs. I don't know what else he knows." I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I rolled over to look at Castiel.
"This is a really pretty dress, by the way." Castiel said as he smoothed a hand over the part on the blanket, not touching her.
"You did a good job." He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and ran his hand over her bare arm. They just sat there for a good few minutes until Mr. Bradbury called out and told everyone everything was done. Castiel went to stand up and offered his hand to Deanna.
It'd been a couple of months since the incident and she was back in school. Now she was dealing with people spreading rumors about her.
Sam dialed Ruby's number, that he had gotten the night before and asked if he could get Castiel's number. She said she would text it to him. So he hung up and kept running. She, thankfully, didn't ask why he was panting.
"Well, now that that's been settled, let's go eat!" Sam clapped once before he tore the gown over his head. "We need to celebrate my acceptance into Stanford!"
"Why don't you go get Charlie, since she is a neighbor?" John suggested. If he could meet all of the people his little girl was going to hang out with, he might as well do it now, on his lunch break.
Her eyebrows knit together in confusion as she continued to shuffle, this time into the living room.
I'm glad this case was closed and I can move onto the next. Michael was a monster that was bound to snap.
"God, I was scared shitless. I open my door, expecting no one in my room and to be able to just flop onto the bed, but instead I see his highness rifling through my pantie drawer. I was frozen still. He found a butt plug, you know the black one, and was acting all smug about it. He was all 'Bet you like to wear panties while this is inside of you.' It was mortifying.
Inside, John and Bobby hugged Deanna tightly. They shook Castiel's hand, each man pulling him in for a "manly" hug. No such thing, in Deanna's books. A hug is a hug is a hug.
Might as well see if there is any food in the house. Much to her relief, the fridge was pleasantly stocked as was the pantry and cupboards.
Several wrong turns later, the arrived at the water park and piled out. Deanna was smiling as she walked up to the entrance. Charlie walked ahead and paid for the four of them.
I picked up the little felt pouch from where I had placed it and dumped the plug into my hand. I dribbled a bit onto the end of the plug and started pushing the liquid around. I pressed gently onto his hole, muscle resistance keeping me out. I let my lips twitch in amusement. I pressed my forefinger in a bit, feeling the muscle clench hotly around me.
"Absolutely." She walked up to the front door of Castiel's father's cabin and pushed the beautifully decorated door open to reveal a table in the middle with tall candlesticks and gleaming plates. Not only that, but there was soft music playing in the background.
"It's okay." She smiled a small, self-depreciating smile. "Look, you're going to want kids some day and I can't give them to you. I don't want to be the reason you can't have the life everyone else gets."
When he finished, his legs were quivering and his eyes were close to closing, but widened once realization dawned.
"Eh, it is what it is. Now that you're done meddling, I'm gonna git." Bobby heaved his body from his seat and groaned. "I'm getting too old for this. I'll see you kids tomorrow."
None of them cried. They wouldn't do that to De. They squeezed her hands and her leg in encouragement.
"Old friend found it in her chair and showed it to me. I thought it was cute, but if you aren't into me, I'll take my advances elsewhere." He winked at me and went to stand.
"But still. I was his age once and if I could get my hands on someone as pretty as you, I would." He stopped for a moment. "That sounded a helluva lot less creepy in my head."
"She's an new exchange student from Parts Unknown." Charlie laughed and pulled the timid girl down to sit. "How has the day been to you two?"
"You have to come with me so I can get the truck. I found one that's a beauty." John turned and left the house, stopping only to holler at Sam in his room to be good. "Remember, you're driving."
Deanna opened the door to the house and allowed Castiel in before heading to her room. She sat down on the bed and felt her stomach leap up into her throat. Nerves were beginning to suffocate her.
"He went to the mall. I think he's stalking some poor girl, to be completely honest." John just shrugged.
"What is that all about?" Dean asked from the bathroom doorway, skin lightly damp and a towel around his hips.
The doctor walked Castiel to Deanna's room and let him in to have some alone time with her. He sat down in a chair beside the bed and grasped her cold hand. She didn't respond to him.
She nodded and watched his chest rise and fall, trying to force herself to match him breath for breath.
Charlie waved to Lisa and smiled. She handed some money to Meg to get some drinks. She went to find their theater and went in. She looked around and spotted Deanna at the back in a corner by herself.
Well, whatever. He had left pretty quickly and never returned. Castiel found himself wondering why he had left instead of chillin' a little longer. Maybe he wasn't much of a people person, or a crowd person.
The girls went back outside, everyone's drinks in hand. After passing them all out, they took their respective seats, Charlie giving Deanna a pointed look.
"Yes, of course. We don't mind at all." She smiled and wiped her forehead and smeared some red icing.
"You just don't know me." She said as she looked over at him. She looked back up at Lilith. "Please leave."
I flipped our position until I was over him straddling his waist. I liked having him beneath me, smiling up at me, grinding his hips into mine.
"Oh, honey." Jo wrapped her arm around my shoulder and laid her head against mine. "You need more confidence in yourself. You put yourself down way too much and it hurts us to see you do it."
"I'm going to buy us a house and we're going to make it perfect. We can even bring Sam with us once he graduates. We'll get your procedure and no one will ever question you again."
Castiel was sitting in front of the receptionist desk waiting for the principal to finish with Azazel. Of course, Alistair was throwing it way out of proportion and lying. Castiel knew that for a fact. Why would he tell the truth?
Everyone left the locker room one by one so they could go to a post-game dinner to celebrate winning. Dean was the last one out and saw Castiel leaning against the wall with Meg by his side.
He hovered over me and spread my thighs to get between them. He rested my knees over his waist and leaned down to kiss me, this time teeth nipped and bit at me. His hands found the sides of my head and tightened, holding me still under his attention. He left my mouth and pressed wet kisses to the corner of my mouth, my jaw, and locked lips around my ear lobe. He sucked softly on the bit of flesh and proceeded to sink teeth into the sensitive area.
"Okay, okay, no need to worry, daddies! Uncle Sam and Lucifer are here!" Sam announced as he came in the door.
Deanna only smiled nervously and took the cup offered to her by Castiel. She set it in the cup holder and folder her hands in her lap as she looked to the screen waiting for the movie to start.
"God, I love pestering that old man." Deanna smiled and leaned into Castiel's side. "C'mon, lets go to my room for some celebratory making out."
"Thank you." She smiled. "How about we put those in the blanket and carry them that way so you don't drop too many more."
"Sure." Castiel stumbled sleepily up the steps of the porch and into his bedroom. He toed his shoes off and shimmied out of his jeans and shirt. He crawled beneath the sheets, groaning in pleasure as he sank down into the soft bed.
"You look mighty beautiful." John said as a Black Cat Screech and Scream slipped from his fingertips. Deanna caught it with precision.
She took a deep breath and retold the events as she remembered them, distorted though they might be.
"Easy for you to say." She grumbled as she opened the door and let Sam in. He flopped onto her bed and stared at her as she paced. "You aren't the one who identifies as a girl and has a dick."
"Where the hell are we?" De asked as she looked around. Tall trees stood around a building and green grass fluttered gently in a nearly nonexistent breeze.
"Cool." Deanna looked up just in time to see Castiel's hand grab  her chin. He kissed her on the cheek and walked over to Charlie's. Deanna just watched as he went, one hand on her kissed cheek.
"No." I whispered. I felt like throwing up. "Don't call them. I'll be okay." I attempted to reassure them.
Castiel felt a bit weird without him (Dean) there. He had kind of grown attached to having Dean close by, even if he was macking on other people.
Deanna found the room destined to be hers and put her things in the corner out of the way. She sat on the edge of the bed and sighed at the pale blue walls.
She eventually pulled into the lot of The Pit and got a pretty decent spot, considering the time. The walked in the door and were met by Crowley, who had a scowl on his face, per usual. He looked at them and rolled his eyes, directing them to the back to wait for their server.
Dean pocketed his keys and his phone and stood by the door. Sam exited his room and followed Dean out the door.
"You're going down, as soon as I put on a pair of pants." I charged to his bedroom and locked the door behind myself. I rummaged through his drawers and found a pair of jeans. I slid them on and grabbed a belt to hold them up. I ran from the bedroom and into the bathroom before Dean could get to me. I shut the door and grabbed a nice towel for rat tails. I rolled it up and held it carefully in my grasp. I opened the door and peeked.
"I'm sorry." My voice cracked and I closed my eyes. It's disrespectful to look someone in the eyes, especially your boss or parent. "It won't happen again."
"I was not being accusatory at all, and you know that. I just think it is kind of adorable that you had your eye on Mr. Bigshot Football, who by the way is totally into you and a very quiet boy."
I pulled his sweats down off his hips and tossed them to the side. Once his ankles were free, his legs spread to lay on each side of me. He looked so pretty spread out so fabulously. His lids were heavy as he gazed at me, his lips parted and glistening with eyes wide. He was wearing pink panties with lace round the top that couldn't contain him. He swelled out past the waist of the pretty pink, such masculinity contrasted by the frilliness. I smiled down at him, enjoying how his breath hitched and his chest heaved. His skin was flushed beneath my gaze, and god help me if he didn't look damn perfect.
Moving more quickly than morning usually asked for, she changed and slipped on a baby blue shirt and a black knee length skirt, pulling leggings on beneath that so she didn't have to shave her legs (which was something else she was apalled by).
"Okay, we have patties and wieners on the grill now." Mr. Bradbury said as he set the plates up under the overhang. "All the dressings are over here so you can put whatever you want on 'em."
"We don't know. He just became lightheaded and dizzy. Figured we'd bring him here to call his parents or something." Dean said, obviously trying to keep my secret exactly that, a secret.
"Yeah, we can." Deanna smiled and let go of Cas to see Charlie looking off pretending to me them have a private moment.
By the time they needed to go, Charlie was properly sunburned, having ignored her need for sun screen. Deanna had just gathered more of a tan while Meg and Castiel were lightly burnt.
"I fell asleep, quite foolishly." He gave a half-laugh. "Big mistake by the way. I guess Deanna had gotten up to go talk to her dad or something while I was out, but the next thing I know, I'm cuddling with her old man. Damn near gave me a heart attack."
She nodded and watched as he poured the cold liquid over the thankfully-not-too-deep cut. She hissed at the sensation, but held her ground, not a tear or whimper to be found. The cold liquid seeped into the gash and pooled out to flow down the sink a pinkish color. She took deep breaths and concentrated on Cas's smooth movements.
"Don't tease me, Dean. You won't like who I become." He growled, death grip still on my hips. I'd probably have bruises, but I didn't care.
"C'mon, did you see the way she was sitting in the theater? It was cute, the way she sat on the one hip." Castiel said, hands thrown up in surrender.
She pulled into the lot and parked next to Bobby's old, beat-up 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle, thanking her lucky stars she managed to snag a spot next to him.
Deanna drove round the town, memorizing the routes to get places as she went. She found the theater and decided she definitely wanted to go see a movie later.
She had yet to tell anyone her secret, though. Even a month in to knowing them, they still don't know.
Castiel found Deanna in the hallway, head down and arms clasped tightly around her binder. Castiel grabbed her arm delicately and felt a marginal bit of tension leave her body as she drifted close to his side. They walked in silence to their last class and sat down with Castiel directly in  front of her. He turned and held her hand in his, smoothing his thumb over the back of her hand. She gave a tight smile and squeezed his hand.
"God, boy!" John barely managed as he sat up on the edge of the bed. "I needed a laugh like that." He left the room chuckling, seeing over and over again the look of pure terror on the boy's face.
He rolled to his left and showed her the macabre skull adorned with a rose and snake coming from an eye.
"Why not? They could be loads of fun." Lucifer eyed Deanna as she took a drink, making sure she wouldn't die because of some food or drink.
Inside the car, Deanna started it up and drove to the Pit. They went in and were seated in the corner.
"Refrain from food. Food is the love of my life. Obviously." I laugh and poke at my belly. Jo and Charlie insist it's cute and they call it my squishy tummy.
"Then why didn't you come home?" My eldest sibling, Michael, screamed again as he came down. Fury was clear on his features.
Mrs. Lawinski nodded and walked over to the sign out sheet. Dean signed his name and reason to leave and I signed my name, Mrs. Lawinski willing to vouch for me and say my uncle called.
He pulled into the driveway and got out. He walked up the stair and flopped on his bed, not bothering to change out of his clothes.
She took a shower and shaved so as to be completely presentable. She allowed her hair to air dry as she applied her makeup expertly. Thank god for YouTube. One can learn many a good trick with the help of YouTube.
She stood up and smoothed her skirt out. She walked around the house, exploring the utility room, kitchen and living room.
"I have this huge secret that only me, Dad, and Sammy know. Keeping it from you and everyone else is eating me up inside." Deanna said, skirting around what she wanted to say.
Deanna padded out of the bathroom and put her dirty clothes in a small pile in a corner of the room. It would do until she had a hamper.
I let him drag my hand away to look at him. He had pulled his pants back up, thankfully, and was kneeling next to me and looking worriedly into my eyes.
He loved the way she looked when she drove, so in control of the powerful beast beneath her. She had the right hand on the wheel and the other one was on her cheek, elbow rested on the window. She looked over.
"I am, sir." Castiel got up and walked back to class in time for the bell to ring, dismissing them to lunch. He found Deanna in the hallway and walked hand and hand with her to lunch, neither saying anything.
Despite feeling completely awful, Deanna opened the door and saw Castiel sitting with his palms on his knees, seemingly scared for his life.
"I know. It's been a little weird for me too, but I have Castiel to keep me distracted, if ya know what I mean." Deanna winked at her little brother.
