“When you started to ask at the hospital," Sherlock finished. “I wasn't ready, I didn't know what I wanted. I liked the idea of our trying… something, but I just needed to go slower. You were a thousand times more experienced and it... It was intimidating,
Sherlock looks down and then away as he holds the door open for John. Regret immediately floods John as he takes in Sherlock’s kicked puppy look, how he’s stoically keeping his thoughts to himself. If Sherlock isn’t going to play the game, isn’t going to argue back, then John just ends up looking like the arsehole. Normally this would just provoke John into another wave of antagonism, but he finds the fight has completely gone out of him.
Sherlock snorted right in his face. "The hell you say. My opinion is we should have been shagging twenty minutes ago but instead we're having a chin wag about your intimacy issues." John opened his mouth to tear into him but he pulled his hands from John's and put them to either side of his head, bracketing his face, and stared at him so intently he closed his mouth with a snap. "I wanted to have sex with you three minutes ago because you were third knuckle deep in my arse and I liked it." John laughed. "But now I want to have sex with you because I love you and I want to experience the most intimate thing two people can do together with you. Will you deny me
Greg chuckled at that. “I mean, Christ, have you ever looked at him? He looks at you like you're the second coming. Has since day one."
"Oh. Food's ready." She smiled at everyone and took John by the hand, leading him away from the group. He continued to be trapped in Sherlock's gaze until she shoved him down in his seat at the table.
"Shut up, just shut the fuck up," John snapped and smashed their lips together again. He could cry if he let himself, but he refused, he absolutely refused to give into the temptation. So he continued to work their cocks together and occasionally insult Sherlock's intelligence and general sense of self.
“I will not be condescended to by someone who clearly learned Arabic from a Palestinian,” Laila shot back, turning John’s bewildered shock up several notches.
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Mycroft will be pleased to meet you, I’m sure of it!” Mrs. Hudson patted John soundly and quit the room, presumably to retrieve the spare linens.
“By the time we sat down at Angelo’s that first night, I wanted you so badly I risked offending you irreparably, just on the chance you’d accept a half-arsed proposal. If you had, I would have fucked you six ways from Sunday in the loo.” Sherlock’s fingers clench down on the arm of the chair but John isn’t sure what it means, as Sherlock gives no other clue to his frame of mind, so he continues. “By the time I shot Jefferson Hope, you’d gained a loyal companion for life. It was okay if you didn’t…or couldn’t…reciprocate the way I’d originally wanted. I told myself it was okay. I’d take you any way I could have you. It was enough. I lived in that lie every single day. I made it work. Because I needed to be near you, to be needed by you, to orbit you like those silly little planets and moons you know nothing about.
“Army… things,” he answers, obviously a lie. John could roll over and die, he’s so embarrassed. So much for fooling the most observant man he’s ever met.
“Yes, she did. And that’s the bloody wisdom she chose to impart to me just as the cancer ate the last of her brain. Do you know what thinking you had died did to me? She did. She saw. Years had gone by and you still held sway, you bastard.”
A wicked sort of pride lit his skin with electric current when a cry escaped and two hands came down to grip his hair, hard. John sucked harder and let the warm gush hit the back of his throat with minimal effort on his part; he just had to work at not choking.
He turned away from the mirror and wished he could put off his next task until Monday. But getting caught with someone last night was bound to get back to Mary eventually, he should do it sooner rather than later. He had sworn Mike to secrecy but Mike Stamford was as gossipy as a table of elderly women playing bridge and John was damned if Mary got the chance to break it off for cheating before he could.
So he was difficult, that was fine, as long as he could help John catch up with his school work he’d be grateful.
Rage boiled in his blood, making Sherlock dizzier, more light headed than what the alcohol had already managed. "You really are a coward," he snapped. "The least you could do is own it, now that it makes little difference either way."
Sherlock blinked at John, partly in shame, partly in confusion. “Of course it was. I thought that was fairly obvious.”
Before John could so much as flex his bicep, Sherlock responded, “The street. Yes, strange you should bring that up, the street.”
“All right, I’ll stop teasing. But just a taste, yeah? I have plans for you,” John muttered cryptically.
“What do you think? Tilt-a-whirl or the two headed goat exhibit?” He asked, hoping for the goat exhibit but really not bothered by the ride, even seeing it as a challenge after the adrenaline of the shooting booth.
“Also a bit rude, isn’t it? Calling someone a slag. Especially if they’re not here to defend themselves.”
“Possibly,” Sherlock hedged, but he was already convinced of its significance. He turned to the roommate. “Where did they meet?”
John’s hand tilted, letting the bone fragments roll onto the pavement. “As a reminder.” He looked up and met Sherlock’s eyes. “To stop trying. To stop hoping. You asked me not to look for you, so I didn’t look. You said committed to your work, so I didn’t ask. You agreed to train me to fight as long as I didn’t touch you
Before John could even utter a word, he stared in mute fascination as Laila went off, and they continued ranting at each other in Arabic. John hadn't even known either of them spoke it.
“Right?” She toyed with a strand of her hair. “You know you could have just said, if that was the reason. You know, my not having the preferred bits, and that.”
Molly stepped in. "Look, mister, I know how to count, catalog, and remove vital organs," Molly growled. "If you know what's good for you, you'll give Mrs. Hudson that bottle of Talisker or I'll put your kidney where your spleen used to be. You'll live just long enough to wish you hadn't."
John took a deep breath and let it out slowly, shame radiating his entire frame. He wanted to leave, with all his might, wanted to be gone, but he needed to think.
He tucked himself away, despite his still sensitive skin, scrambled for the dish flannel next to the microwave and fell immediately to scrub at the floor; his heart beating a heavy tattoo in his chest from the flood of adrenaline. He hadn’t come that hard in a while, the mix of wank material and the idea that Sherlock could have exited his bedroom at any time had ramped up his arousal.
Mycroft rounded the corner after Sherlock but John called out, “Unless you want to kick the door down, I suggest you leave him be.”
“Missing student. I’m afraid we’ll have to cut our session short.” He reached for his coat and pulled it on. John didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. “I’ll contact you again when my schedule opens.”
He gets up slowly; the computer is pulled from Sherlock’s lap with care. He then pulls his arm back and launches it at the far wall, where it smashes fantastically over the sofa to rain down bits of plastic and metal to the floor.
“Thank you,” Sherlock muttered back. He wasn’t sure why John was being so kind but he’d take it, for as long as it lasted. He remembered the look of disgust on John’s face, just before he’d passed out in the cab. Getting home was a blur but he assumed he must have been well enough to get himself into bed.
Sherlock could no longer keep up with the conversation. Between the sensation of being nearly completely enveloped inside John, the sight of himself disappearing inside, and the bob of John’s enormous cock, it was too much to process and still create audible speech patterns.
“Well, sure. You’re too lazy to get up from the sofa and just drew what was in front of you,” he quipped with a good-natured chuckle.
Sherlock bit his tongue to recall the ‘obviously’ that almost escaped. John was already on edge, it was best not to push him too far just yet.
It wasn’t as if Sherlock wasn’t aware of the irony, but, as he was feigning as if he didn’t recall John taking his cock down the back of his throat, he just continued to wait for elaboration.
Sherlock suppressed a laugh. “Romany is the term you’re looking for, though my family is mostly from Yorkshire and Lorraine.”
He received a ‘suit yourself’ shrug. Incensed, John snatched the menu off the table and searched through the starters. He ignored Victor and Sherlock as they mumbled together over sharing a plate of sausages, and found, to his dismay, that the provoleta was indeed the only thing that looked at all appealing. Damn the man.
"Jesus Christ," John muttered under his breath. He quickly tucked his hands under the table, when the left cramped against his will.  Disaster. They were bound for disaster.
"I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, I just...I saw you and I wanted to say hi but if you're busy..." She shuffles nervously.
John’s mouth came open like he was about to ask ‘How?’ but then snapped back shut. “That’s not the same. And anyway, I didn’t know
He opened his mouth but, really, they both clearly knew where he was going next. He gave a smile instead and pulled his apron over his head.
He didn’t wait for John to reply, he simply walked off. John did follow but without the snappy rejoinder he might have otherwise had, simply because he was too busy burrowing his nose into the soft fabric of Sherlock’s expensive cashmere. It smelt of smoke and Sherlock’s shampoo and John’s stomach did a dangerous flip in his chest as he pulled the rich smell from the threads. He narrowly escaped detection as they reached the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock waited by the door for John to descend.
Sherlock bounces on his toes in the chilly early March air, hands in his pockets. "What was strangely poetic?" He asks again.
Sherlock growls low, his cock giving a half-hearted twitch on John’s abdomen, before he rises up and kisses John hard.  They snog for another indefinite amount of time before John pulls away to breathe.
"Normally I'd disagree with the Freak but I have to say, I'm not that worried about him falling in the Thames either."
He punched in the girl’s order, processed the transaction, and pushed the receipt along to Beth, the barista.
Sherlock sat up at this. He squinted at Greg, doing his best to deduce despite his inebriated state.  "What do you mean?"
The first thing John registered was Sherlock’s mask, well and truly in place, as he spoke dispassionately. Then, the words.
“Are we done, Inspector Lestrade?” Sherlock droned as if boredom were about to drive him round the twist. In reality he was bouncing his knees and gripping his shins like a lifeline. He looked like a massive five year old.
“But… you were just creeping under the coats while they went at it next to you… that’s not exactly a scientific study.”
“You are terrible,” he scolded Sherlock, after Mrs. Hudson made her way downstairs. “She very well might have a heart attack living downstairs from you.”
"Well, that's something, isn't it?" He sets his cup down, places a kiss on top of her head and then walks away. A scalding hot shower is in order next.
John looked up then. Sherlock had never seen what he’d heard described as a twinkle in some ones eye before but the look John gave looked suspiciously like it might be that.
The notebook lay forgotten by the doorway as his coat went around his shoulders like a cape and he fled the flat on foot, barring north. People practically leapt out of his way as he stormed up the pavement, probably do to the look on his face. His phone, which he hadn’t been aware was in his coat, buzzed away but was easily ignored. If John had something to say he should have said it before.
When he does take it from his hands, John sits in his chair slowly, eyes locked with the man seated adjacent as he tries to puzzle out John’s motives. John wishes him all the luck in the world, because he’s not sure himself. All he knows is he’s tired of waiting, tired of putting off the inevitable. If Sherlock figures it out now, he supposes, so be it.
He gripped Sherlock by the back of the neck and pulled him forward; managing to paint Sherlock from pelvis to collarbone by the time he was done. Sherlock, throughout, watched wide-eyed and fascinated.
He was interrupted when the alcohol in his system caught up with him and his top half miscommunicated with his bottom. He ended up sprawled half on the coffee table, half on the floor. John didn’t even try not to laugh.
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupted. “I know. Wait for the police, if you would. They’ll be able to help you better than I.”
Sherlock was shocked at the words, at the matter-of-fact manner in which Laila spoke them, as if the outcome mattered little to her. Even if John didn’t want him, Sherlock couldn’t let him go through that alone; judging by her previous performances, it was sure to be a spirited public display.
She really wasn’t as terrible as Bill had assured when he heard John was interested. A cousin who’d come to Bill’s return home party two weeks ago, they’d stroke up a conversation on John’s semi-vegetarian ways, something Bill thought was hilarious, and both ended the night with their heads together at the bar, the party long over around them. Bill had warned him off the next day, saying she was too high maintenance, too needy. But she was family; what did Bill know about her as a potential girlfriend?
John looked up and sure enough, Greg was pulling Sherlock along, as the man practically drug his heels the whole way. He set Sherlock down in his chair as forcefully as Mary had John. When Sherlock made to pop back up Greg pushed him back down again. He bent down to whisper in Sherlock's ear, smiled at John and Mary and then left them for his own table.
“I haven’t touched a needle since May and, with the exception of one night a few months back, I haven’t done anything at all in that time until last night. I swear. I’ll continue to stay clean, you have my word. Even the marijuana if you’d like.”
John cringed. “It wasn’t a hundred,” he denied without thinking. Well, so much for skirting the issue. He couldn’t let that number stand, though. It couldn’t have been more than thirty, forty on the outside…
He stopped just outside of the tent entrance and stared down at the kid who sat on the ground out front, backwards hat atop his head and texting on a mobile.
“You were being coy? Really?” John didn’t sound convinced. In fact, he snorted derisively. “And I suppose the Wotsits and the John Grisham novels were your attempt to
Greg watched with morbid fascination as Sherlock chugged at least forty quid worth of top shelf Scotch and then spit most of it into the air and the surrounding area. So half of their idiotic plan was working.
He shook his head at himself with a grin and made his way back to the dorm with a bounce in his step.
If anyone saw Sherlock smiling softly at his flatmate the game would be up. Sherlock knew John would regret falling asleep as he was, twisted and still wearing his jacket, but he was loath to wake him just yet. Let them share the same quiet space for just a while longer.
John opened his mouth to say so but before he could the ding of the lift was heard echoing in the silence of the abandoned office.
John smiles against his forearm. Bless the bastard, he‘s letting John get away with his quite obvious freak out, even if he doesn’t know exactly what caused it.
"We can't, Sherlock," he reminded the man as he slowed the pace, "he said he'd call when he was out front."
“I’m glad you enjoyed yourself,” he eventually said with a small smile. “You made quite the valued assistant.”
Sherlock hoped the shadows from the streetlamp hid his knowing smirk as John ducked inside the cab. Once settled, he gave the address and they sped away. It was hard to keep from fidgeting as they moved along, but Sherlock did his best. He could only hope there was actually a case to solve and not just some girl who had become emotionally unstable and attempted a walkabout without bothering to informing anyone.
“Johnny?” Harry answered, sounding understandably confused. He hadn’t called her on an occasion that wasn’t a holiday in years.
Sherlock sat along the wall and waited as John got signed in. He hated these places. It was a testament to how attached to John’s person he had become, just following him inside. He’d seen the inside of too many hospitals, and though this was a simple clinic, the smell of disinfectant and the brush of frigid air was the same. He pulled his arm off the seat rest when John came over with a clipboard of paperwork.
"Holmes. Really?" He asks, intrigued. "Right. No, he's already here," he looks down at John, "yes. Which end? Yes, see you there." He hangs up and grins.
John raised his head a bit. Other than the embarrassment of his middle name, Sherlock's speech didn't sound too bad so far. He glanced up timidly, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“This prick spread lies about your family too?” The man asked John and then turned back to Sherlock with a pointed finger. “Keep your damn mouth shut about my daughter! C’mon, Bree.” He started to yank the boy away but Sherlock really couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
Sherlock turned away from the computer, glancing briefly at the play history. Pink Floyd’s The Wall right at the top of the list.
While he’s busy trying to get his giggles under control, Mitch jogs back with the handcuffs. It doesn’t look like there’s any way out of being cuffed, but the likelihood of being shot in the back of the head and dumped in a hole seems to have gone down, so John won’t argue. He hisses when the cold metal snaps across his wrist bone but Mitch ignores his complaint. Sherlock lets himself be cuffed with a quiet stoicism, a small quirk to his lips, like he knows something they don’t. John hopes it’s a way out of this situation, because John is stumped. They’re unarmed, likely about to be out numbered, and in the middle of no where.
"If you thinknnnnhhhh...that I...", hitching breath, "Jesus. That I don't know when I'm being manipulated, John Watson, ffffffuuuuuu...."
Sherlock turned fully away from John, apparently much more interested in Janine's scintillating conversation.
“I’m trying to be strong here, Sherlock. I told myself it was enough to get it off my chest…but you have to give me something. Don’t make me leave without knowing.”
John narrowed his gaze, disliking the attempt to tell him what to do with his own cock. He gave Sherlock’s a cursory glance, back up to Sherlock’s eyes, back down to his cock.
John looked him over again with a different eye. The kid definitely looked pale but that could be normal for all John knew; it was hard to tell with the subpar lighting coming from under the door. He didn’t seem to be drunk but drinking wasn’t the only way to find oblivion.
She grinned, setting down his plate in front of him. “Of course. I hardly get to cook a full meal for you-know-who. Tin of biscuits might disappear in the night, but you know.” She shrugged, the
John snorted, shaking his paper back out to continue his perusal. “Because since we’ve begun sleeping together, you’ve learned not to piss me off if you want to get a leg over. You are a genius, after all.”
“Why?" John demanded, brows furrowed. He was wondering why Sherlock had lied that day, hidden the truth.
John laughs so loud Sherlock has to slap a hand over his mouth to muffle the sound. They both glance up to see if the mobster has heard but the man hasn’t moved from his perch on John’s rental. John peels Sherlock’s hand away. “That’s rather rude, you know? I was in a
"Yeah, shut up for once in your bloody life," John complained as he rutted against that beautiful, perfect bit of flesh with his own.
“I kissed him and then I told him he was an idiot for trying to use me and get away with it. Pathetic. And a bit morbid too really. Did you hear the part where he tried to use his dead mother to get into my pants? That’s got to be a new low, even for him.”
John marches back to his bed and buries his head under the lumpy motel pillow until the water shuts off in the loo. Cautiously, he peers out, waiting, and dreading, the real life Greek statue that threatens to appear. Seconds tick by, John waits in agony, like one would await a court sentence, until the door finally clicks open. John takes a second to realize he’s still cowering under the pillow, tosses it away before Sherlock appears. When he does, it’s both more terrible than he anticipated and not. Sherlock is framed in the doorway, still dewy from the shower, in nothing but his skin tight dove grey boxer briefs, his skin as white as Christmas snow. And yet… He’s brushing his teeth like a six year old, bits of foam building in the corner of his mouth, with his drying hair fluffing up every which way, suggestive of the towel he probably roughed over it haphazardly.
Sherlock snorted. “If you’re going to fight like a street urchin, I’m not above a few dirty tactics.”
“Yes,” the man drawls, “as I was saying, I have information I think he’d find particularly interesting. It would be a shame if I was dispatched before I could impart it.”
Sherlock shot out of his chair and bowled into her. John shouted about the same time Mrs. Hudson did, shocked by Sherlock bustling her out the door. Or trying valiantly to do so, Mrs. Hudson wasn’t making it easy. She huffed and puffed while Sherlock did his best to steer her away.
“Laila?” Bill’s voice questioned from his side of the room. It startled John, who hadn’t known his roommate was in residence.
The frown turned into an immediate scowl; hands went straight up into the air. “Oh, that was one time!”
“Ah, business,” Victor answered. “My family is nothing but filthy barristers and JP’s, which I abhor, but we’ve the money to throw towards investments so I thought, what the hell, why not get a business degree and see what sticks.”
Molly snickered but Greg shook his head again. "No good. I've found them in closets together. As far as I can tell nothing came of it."
He felt the bed indent by his head, far below where his pillows lay. Instinctively, Sherlock shuffled closer to the warmth of John’s body. After several seconds, Sherlock felt John’s hand come down and softly run over his hair. He could have purred, so content was he in that moment, but as it was all he could do was let out a satisfied sigh.
“Shit,” Sherlock mumbled and dropped down the other side to the pavement below. John was right behind.
John was turning a vivid shade of red, his body language screaming his intent for violence, as Sherlock approached from behind.
Noticing that impediment for the first time, he snaked his hand underneath and tugged, trying to tell John to remove it, without words.
He stiffens up, takes a step back and knows he's effectively ended the conversation when she closes her mouth with a snap.
“Have a seat, dear,” she suggested absently, waving a pot holder. Though she’d invited the both of them, she wasn’t surprised not to see Sherlock. She knew him well, apparently; knew the bloke didn’t eat enough to keep a bird alive.
So, with hardly any thought, he hooks his leg around the mans longer one and shoves him off balance. It works, for a second, but the man has quite the reaction speed. He’s on John’s back before John can take three steps toward the door, an arm wrapped around his throat. He grunts, throwing an elbow back and into the man’s ribs, and miraculously manages to land a blow that knocks the man back.
“Git. Not all of us were rolling in it, you know. I had to share a room with Harry for three years! Thank god it was before puberty or we might have killed one another.”
“This what you wanted, aye?” John snapped, tossing Sherlock into the sitting room, kicking the door shut behind him.
"You saved me when my step-dad kidnapped me from school," she goes on to say. "He hit Mr. Holmes over the head with a lamp and you bashed the hell out of him." She says this as if it were the most entertaining thing she'd ever seen.
“Ugh, what,” John groaned into Sherlock’s stomach, wiping his drool off onto Sherlock’s thin cotton top, still mostly asleep.
“Christ, yes. Obviously,” he mumbled from under Sherlock’s grasp. “I love you so much. I’m never letting you go now. Never.”
John did his best to follow the command but as soon as Sherlock rose up again it was all for naught. Even though he was going slowly, sliding centimeters at a time, John still whinged like a pathetic dog. You'd think he'd never done this before, but he wasn't kidding before, it being Sherlock made all the difference.
He tried again, a hand to his chest. “Not a serial killer.” He then waved at the skull. “Just a friend. He helps me think.”
“Neither can I, that’s why I didn’t go,” Sherlock explained casually, head tilted up at the ceiling.
“I’ve managed to survive this long without you, John, I’ll keep until tomorrow.” He brushed past John and back into the hall, slamming the door to the loo hard enough to rattle the medicine cabinet.
“Yes, good, fine.” He waved her off and went back to his book with the soundtrack of Mrs. Hudson’s disgruntled groan playing in the background.
If possible, Sherlock’s smile became even more smug. “Why would you care about anything you might have heard, John?”
The first thing he did when he got back to his room was throw the coat down and search through it for clues. There were several pockets, all either extremely deep or hidden between the folds with tiny zippers.  John felt certain that was the entire reason behind the purchase of the coat to begin with. Once the bounty was all removed he stood back and surveyed.
“It’s nothing.” John prays Sherlock will leave it alone, but so far the man seems to be curious to a fault, collecting information like a bee collects pollen. John glances over again to find Sherlock waiting patiently. “God, can’t you just leave well enough alone? I’m trying to save this from getting awkward.”
“I think he offered me a job earlier. Said the jersey was a nice touch,” she admitted with chuckle. “Anyway, one problem at a time. Let’s get you and Sherlock squared away first.”
"It's all quite obvious on this end, I'll admit. What with the 'John's so clever, John's so brave, John's so
Sherlock jumped up and practically ran for the door. He pawed it open and was gone before Greg could even stand. The gent in the doorway glanced in and gave Greg a scowl.
"I uploaded it for you," she informs him casually, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Like one would say 'I've started the dishwasher' not 'I've ripped words from your tongue and given them to strangers without your permission.'
John was too busy nipping at Sherlock’s collarbone to notice the way Sherlock’s fingers twitched in his grasp. God, he wanted his hands on it again.
"Really?" He looked away in thoughft. His brows came down in confusion. "What is the purpose of that?"
After he was able to breath normally again, John rolled, stared up at the ceiling, and wondered if he’d technically won or not. He hadn’t exactly beaten Sherlock in a boxing match. The rules stated he needed to either KO Sherlock or get him to tap out. Neither had happened, so where did that leave them? He’d definitely given up.
John grins so hard he has to turn away while Sherlock grabs his bag, lest he see and draw the wrong conclusion. Or the right conclusion. Either way, John’s fairly sure his infatuation is writ clean across his face. When he finally glances over, Sherlock is waving their room key in the air on his way toward the vending machines.
"John," Sherlock greets casually from his perch on his leather chair when John walks in. It doesn't occur to him to knock, another symptom of returning here in the thoroughs of nostalgia. But really… What could Sherlock possibly be getting into that John hasn't seen already?
John swallowed. Guilt swam up and bit him but he couldn’t be sure if it was in actual remorse for what he’d said or just the fact that he’d been caught.
John, using the momentum from standing, plowed into Sherlock, who quickly found himself on his back, his head just barely missing the concrete floor as John came down on top of him. They grappled, Sherlock doing his best to restrain John, to keep his fists from finding their mark. It was blind fury on John’s part, inexact but still efficient, in a bar brawl sort of way.
Sherlock recalled everything he’d learned about poor Bernard and immediately weaponized it without mercy. “And your boss obviously doesn’t want you, he’s just using you to piss off his wife. You know it but you’re still letting him do it. Coming here doesn’t piss him off at all, no matter how many people you sleep with, he doesn’t care. None of that interests me, sleep with whomever you chose.
Yet again, Sherlock was dissecting what had once been a necessary bit of a human being on their kitchen table, regardless of John’s request to not do those things when he knew John was expecting company.
Back at the flat, John found Sherlock frozen at the kitchen table, eyes glued to his microscope with the rapt attention most men would give a striptease.
Once inside, as he relieves himself, he stares up at the stars, just making an appearance in the soft blue sky, dotting between fluffy orange clouds.
That shouldn’t have mattered to a man who was on the pull but maybe in John’s insane logic it made sense. Another thought occurred to Sherlock then.
Greg makes a face, though John can't quite define it. "Huh, well, maybe you should. Could be, uh, enlightening."
"Sorry for being a fan, jeez. He shouldn't have put the damn camera up if he didn't want me to watch."
It takes approximately a half hour for Oliver to make an appearance, and quite dramatically at that. He comes down off the exit in a red Porsche 911, going full speed until he fits the gravel and spins out. Like he hadn’t just done catastrophic damage to the paint, the man hops from the car and marches toward to John's rental. Sherlock is up and out of it before John registers the movement.
In a rare moment of clarity, John watched the gun swing up and stop level with his face. In the background he saw Sherlock’s widening eyes, clear in the floodlight from the steel yard; and in the foreground, the barrel of a snub nose .38 Smith & Wesson just centimeters from his front teeth. He acted accordingly.
He comes to with Sherlock’s fingers still in his mouth, lazily petting his tongue, as if to say ‘Good job.’ He takes Sherlock’s wrist gently and pulls them away, kisses the tips of them reverently before settling their hands together on his chest.
It seemed John didn’t have much of a choice. Something had happened during the course of their conversation. What, he didn’t know, but it had driven a wedge in their already uncomfortable morning.
Despite the mess, John immediately gave into the desire to hug Sherlock close. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, he simply pulled John in, wrapped his long arms around John’s shoulders and let John pant hot air into his ear. Sweat mixed everywhere they touched, but neither seemed to mind, which was a nice surprise. John had assumed Sherlock would be weary of that sort of thing, as fastidious as he was about his appearance.
Letting John direct the kiss, take the lead, felt so bloody good. The way he tilted Sherlock's head just so, how he coaxed Sherlock's tongue out playfully, every nuance was filed and saved. John tasted like Coke and some strange part of Sherlock found joy in the knowledge that he likely tasted the same.
She had nothing to say to that either. So be it. John wasn't going to hash it out more than he had to.
He went on and on about his fascination with the pests but John was too busy standing at the sink, ignoring the beep of the kettle, the still sticky bits of sugar between his fingers, to respond. His face was frozen in silent wonder. It started with an exasperated laugh.
John purses his lips. “I’ve had enough adventure for one night. And anyway, I’m less worried about axe murders than I am bed bugs.”
He watched John rock back and forth on his toes as he waited for his date. Sherlock sighed audibly into the quiet of his bedroom, wishing with all his rotten little heart that Laila would be hit by a double decker full of tourists and be unable to make it.
They eventually ended up squeezed onto a sofa together, next to two burn-outs and a girl who was doing not that great a job of not crying.
"Scared? Of what?" He demanded and pushed against John's hand, the least subtle hint of all time. He went back to fingering his flatmate, albeit much slower.
The notes abruptly stopped and John jumped, sure he’d been caught creeping in the doorway. But when it wasn’t wrenched open he pushed it open himself to peer inside. Sherlock was at the window, his back to the room, just drawing the bow back up when John cleared his throat to make his presence known.
"What are you on about? Because I don't want to shag up against the wall in a filthy alley with the cops just down the street, some of whom we know personally, that makes me sexually regressed?"
John didn’t answer right away. A frisson of unease skated down Sherlock’s suddenly ridged spine. He glanced over to see John standing awkwardly in the doorway, his coat now in his grasp.
“Yes, he did, but that wasn’t the point. The point is, he reacted to it. He cares.” She waited for a reaction from John, which she didn’t receive. “Jesus. He cares that I’m in the way. That he thinks I’m actively trying to steal you away. If there was nothing to take he wouldn’t have even put up a fight. Are you really not getting this?”
John had to stop and dig his nails into his palm, applying near-cutting force, before he could walk along again. He’d just have to block any and all thoughts of Sherlock in a compromising situation from his mind. Bury himself in work, school, cases, the odd friend or two he had left.
Sherlock nodded absently, clearly not giving two figs for someone he’d never met. “I’ll help if you want. I mean,” he waved at John’s bag, “not if you think you have everything you need. Just thought since, I mean you did say-”
He said it so casually John almost missed it, but by the uncomfortable way Sherlock held his shoulders, John could tell he was waiting on a taunting laugh.
Molly had Greg's arm in a vice grip as they watched John man handle Sherlock toward the waiting rooms.
“I can offer you the upstairs bedroom, if you’d prefer not to share this one.” He fiddled with the blanket before he realized it made him appear nervous, which wouldn’t do, so he dropped it.
“Dammit.” He had to take several steps back before Sherlock stopped trying to cling to him. “Look at what you’re doing. We are in the midst of an investigation for crying out loud. What if he gets away?”
Sherlock turned fully towards John. John couldn’t help but note the strain on those hundred quid buttons as Sherlock huffed.
“I’m serious. I have to piss and unless you want me doing it here I suggest you stop digging your heel into my bladder.”
"Agreed," Molly announced with a nod. "He's hardly in any shape to wish the happy couple congratulations as it is."
His accusatory words died a warrior’s death at Sherlock’s tongue as it cut them down where they lived. John gave a pleasant hiss and a moan as Sherlock wedged his thigh between John's legs. Feeling brave, he then shifted until their erections brushed. Oh, it was heady, knowing John wanted him too. They growled at each other when Sherlock gripped John's leg and hitched it up around his waist, grinding their cocks together, despite layers of impediment. John held Sherlock tight under his jacket, one hand round his waist, the other clawing fiendishly at his arse, pulling him in harder.
John almost teases him about his fancy do, but he’s too busy trying to stand on shaking legs to answer. He turns the knob, lets a faceful of steam roll by, before stepping cautiously inside. He makes sure he aims correctly, then tosses the bottle over top of the shower rod. Sherlock cries out at being assaulted but John quickly shuts the door on his complaints, not that he can’t still hear them.
Mrs. Hudson and Molly did yelp at that. They all three faced Mary and Janine with guilt written in triplicate.
"I'd be delighted," Sherlock deadpanned with the smile John had silently named 'The Immoral Innocent.'
“I could try and guess your second favourite animal if you’d like,” Sherlock offered as they exited the restaurant.
And then he moves and John practically screams at the ceiling. Immediately the hot channel disappears and Sherlock is speaking. John blinks and looks down. “What?”
He’d just alluded to another semi-naked encounter at a later date. Apparently John hadn’t been sure of his continued welcome. Sherlock smiled back.
“We’ll both have the Glenlivet, neat,” Irene told the bartender, but Sherlock held up a hand before he could fill the order.
“By the way,” Sherlock quipped, “I hope this hasn’t put you off the idea of having a working apiary in the future. I’m thinking of starting a colony once we retire.”
Sherlock started at this bit of new information. His first instinct was to forbid such an endeavor but obviously he couldn’t do that. For several reasons, the most pressing being his irritatingly perceptive brother, who saw the flinch and read it anyway. John, thankfully, remained oblivious.
That comment was so stupid it sailed right over hilarious and settled somewhere in soft giggle territory. "No, you idiot."
“You shouldn’t have gone to the trouble, Mrs. H,” John said. “The last thing Sherlock needs is to get drunk after all.”
“I’m not trying to hurt you, Mary. I’m telling you the truth. If the truth hurts then maybe it’s a sign, yeah?”
“Oh, god, don’t stop,” John begged, as if Sherlock were doing anything but allowing John use him to thrust upon.
John eventually groaned and rolled over. “I haven’t gotten off like that since… I… I don’t think I’ve ever gotten off like that.”
The warmth of John’s smile melted the lingering embarrassment. “Just making sure.” He sent Sherlock’s heart into near cardiac arrest as he ran the back of his fingers lightly over Sherlock’s sensitive lower abdomen.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at him and a lopsided smirk appeared. “Are you going to make me smoke the whole bag as a punishment?”
Greg didn't acknowledge how wretched John sounded. “Even the most stubborn of us need a mate. You've got Mary now. Sherlock needs a Mary. Or a Martin, whatever it is he prefers."
John deflated at that. So she had at least been paying attention to the part where Sherlock had dragged him through the mud as well. Just as well, now she might not be as brokenhearted when he called it off. He should have been furious, he hadn’t been laid in almost a year, but it probably said a lot about their potential that he wasn’t really that upset.
, he thought. A low level of erotic tension between them, that had been right from the beginning, something he’d ignored right off out of habit. But he found, with John waiting, not so patiently, for Sherlock to agree, that he was suddenly quite keen on the idea of sex with John. He glanced down, unnecessarily, at his crotch. Really,
Eighteen? John, himself, was only twenty-one, not much older, but the kid looked about as experienced as a Year Ten, which was what counted. “Really? I don’t believe you.”
The prat kindly gave him a moment to assess the damage - seemed to be minimal; possibly a small cut on the inside of his mouth if the taste of blood was anything to go on - before he advanced again.
It was so massive, in fact, that Sherlock felt as if he could feel every rigid vein pressed up against him, the flair of the corona, the pulse of his shaft - everything. They might as well not even be wearing trousers.
“You hope to become a doctor, correct?” Mycroft addressed John directly again, who flinched at the abrupt attention.
John pulled away enough to ask against his lips, “So what would be the politically correct term if I was to reference your cock as part of a traveling caravan?”
“Yes, you full well did. You said ‘run’, remember? After apparently breaking into a carnival to play a mean spirited psychic. What did you do with that woman, by the way? Barb, also known as Madame Endora.”
When he came back down, with a proud grin, it was with a flourishing bow; which was why he wasn’t paying attention to where he set his toe down and ended up slipping on a patch of black ice.
So, John wasn’t angry, hadn’t run screaming from the flat as soon as Sherlock was away. It didn’t mean they’d go on as before. He couldn’t envision any scenario in which John looked at him as before, didn’t imbue every word with ‘Sorry but I don’t feel the same, no hard feelings?’ He’d already looked at his phone, John hadn’t left any texts, not even a voicemail, merely let the phone ring a handful of times before giving up, so he had to assume John had waited patiently for Sherlock to return so they could talk. Of course, he’d felt the need to fortify himself with liquor before he could do it.
He cries out when Sherlock pulls away suddenly but it’s only temporary, he’s frantically yanking his suit jacket off and John can’t complain about that. Once it’s off, John reaches up and pulls Sherlock back down, attacking that ridiculously gorgeous neck. He’s woken up in wet pants from dreams about it, he’ll not let the opportunity pass to feel it against his tongue and between his teeth now.
“So,” John rocked nervously on his heels, hands behind his back, “what do you think? Museum worthy?”
They opened their eyes and blinked at each other. Apparently they were both crying. As two British men they silently agreed not to discuss it further and just continued to snog.
“John,” Sherlock whinged, sensitive and aching but chasing that second orgasm like a needy animal. “I need to come again. Please.”
Sherlock looked around and then pinpointed the building in question. "There. He won't have been home since you found the van but we need to check regardless."
“Right, right. Definitely not because you leak like a faucet, no.” He leaned over, ignoring Sherlock’s blooming red face, to pat him on the thigh. “I just think we’re going to need a bit more than what you’ve got, love. No worries, I’ll pop upstairs and grab mine. Be back in a mo.”
"It's not my place to judge true love. I'm a fifty year old divorcee after all. But... I don't think John made the right choice."
He tried not to stare as Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers delicately rolled the joint and then brought it to his lush mouth to wet, but a hard swallow bobbed John’s Adam’s apple anyway, despite his best effort.
He looked back at her, ready to make his excuses and end the game right then and there, but Mike bounded over with his dance partner, pissed as a newt, and unaware of the tension surrounding the couple.
The girl flinches away and mumbles her apologies and John immediately feels terrible for being so brisk.
John’s eyebrows rose incrementally. He opened his mouth to form a question but couldn’t seem to settle on which one. Eventually he decided on, “Did we not hash that part out last night? Multiple times, if I’m not mistaken.”
“The point,” Sherlock took a steadying breath, “my dearest John, of wearing a condom, was to serve as a deterrent for your inability to last any length of time and for ease of clean-up. You’ve succeeded at rendering both purposes useless.”
He made some sort of high-pitched bird noise in his throat, both at the soft endearment and at John’s touch. “I’m sure I have no idea,” he managed, panting into the forearm he’d thrown over his face.
John sat, the tray lowered gently beside him. “Try at least. It’s not doing your stomach any favours, staying empty like that.”
“I was going to wait until after, when you were asleep. It was a brilliant plan actually. I was going to wear the Maths teacher disguise and walk over to-“
Sherlock had thought they were on the same page. He’d thoroughly enjoyed his time spent with John, short as it had actually been, less than twenty four hours, and he had already made up his mind about it. Apparently John hadn’t caught up. Or perhaps he hadn’t thought they would jump into the arrangement so soon.
He lifted Sherlock into a sitting position but still the man stayed quiet. If this was a mind palace thing, why the hell had Sherlock needed to come clear up here? Why hadn’t he responded yet?
John smiles at her excuse, sees it for what it is, any attempt to distance herself from possible rejection. He plows through it. "Does she love you back?"
“Oh, excellent,” Sherlock drawled happily, setting in with relish as John crouched back down and broke the frozen bag of vegetables into a more flexible shape. “Cold,” he complained after John smoothed it down over the injured ankle.
“Date men?” John guessed. “Not recently, no. No thanks to you. I was actually trying today, if you couldn’t tell.”
“But…” The kid, whose name escaped John, didn’t matter either way, looked baffled. He had, in fact, seen John at Tailspin last night, but John wasn’t about to own that to a practical stranger yet. Unless this was the bloke whose car he’d woken up in. He glanced over. No, that one had been a ginger, this one was blond with a lip piercing- not really John’s thing.
A laugh emerges, not out of humour but out of fatalistic irony. Hope was such a caustic enemy. It had kept him alive immediately after Sherlock’s death, and if he’s honest, it had always been there in the back of his mind; that impossible wish, for Sherlock not to be dead. But every day that had passed with no sign of his friend, hope had twisted him, reshaped him. By the time Sherlock had returned, he’d returned to a different man.
John shook his head with a smile. It was good to see all was forgiven apparently, since Sherlock only threatened to do bodily harm to himself when he wanted John to come over. He’d left Mrs. Hudson’s that morning to find Sherlock gone from the flat. No word, his coat and shoes missing. It wasn’t the first time he’d taken flight without telling John, but it
The decision to sit was taken out of his hands when Sherlock brought the tea tray in and motioned for Victor to take John’s chair. The sight put John off the entire idea of staying to gather information in its entirety. So much for rising curiosity. This wasn’t like the horror show that was Janine as ‘The Girlfriend’. That had been wrong from the very beginning. This was different, it was Sherlock’s past come to the present, making John the outsider, the true interloper.
He took another swing but John was ready this time and batted his arm away. Sherlock scowled but advanced again. John danced out of the way, backing further into the sitting room.
Against his will, John's arm fell from around Mary's waist and his hand reached out toward Sherlock. He opened his mouth to ask what was wrong but before he could Mary's eye was caught by the kitchen.
gig, but, as I stated already, you’d be saving more of your pension anyway if you stayed here with me.”
“I- Huh,” he mumbled, licking his lips nervously. “That makes a lot of sense actually. I’ve always had a hard time studying. Not so hard that I failed my classes but… I do have a hard time focusing on lectures and that,” he admitted.
He then made good on the statement, taking Sherlock in hand, gentle at first, but with more force when Sherlock rocked his hips in desperate need. He groaned, low and needy, wanting the promised warmth of John’s mouth but unable to beg just yet.
The clear fondness on Sherlock’s face seemed to have the same effect on John and Mrs. Hudson both. She smiled down at him, placed a kiss in his curls, and  squeezed his shoulder.
"Clara," he hedges, uncomfortable being in the position so often a source of pain for him. "Are you and Bea?"
Sherlock pouted. "I don't see why you're still denying me my basic right to penetrative sex in this relationship. I'm not asking you to put on a costume and let me ride on your back around the flat."
“And don’t come back!” John tried, and almost succeeded, to call out. Mostly he just coughed a lot, curled up on the floor next to the over turned coffee table.
“Oh, please, spare me your mother's politics, and stick to the topic at hand. Your attempt has failed. Run along now, I’m sure John could do with some more feminine coddling, which seems to be more your forte.”
“I’m going to say my peace and then I’ll go. You can delete it or keep it. It’s up to you.” He takes a breath and waits for any sign he's being heard. Sherlock won’t even look him in the eye, he's staring at a point just over John’s shoulder. It doesn’t matter, he needs to say it out loud either way.
There was little in the way of promises to meet again, a half-hearted hug outside the cab, in which Scarlett managed to mostly include the huge stuffed bear as a buffer, and he was back in the cab before she made it to her door. He was a shit for not putting much thought towards her again but he couldn’t stop from picturing those multi-faceted eyes as they’d pierced right through him. They’d pulled out his darkest secrets; things even Ella didn’t know. How could he let that go without finding out
John studied Sherlock’s professional tutor mien, thinking of the grief he'd been giving these past few weeks, only to be offered civility now out of the blue.  “I’m not sure how I let you talk me into this,” he mumbled, unwilling to let Sherlock off the hook so easily.
Of course he wanted details. Sherlock tossed his head back against the sofa and huffed. “Something one of the PCs said to Lestrade after they thought I couldn’t hear.” John didn’t seem satisfied with that, so he went on. “You know, the usual, how can anyone stand to work with me, let alone have sex with me, et cetera.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was too busy looking John over for clues. Something had happened when they’d gotten home. Had he tried something inappropriate? It normally took a lot of willpower not to throw himself at John day to day; under the influence of a narcotic, who knew what he would have done? But no, if Sherlock had done something to upset John in that way, he’d know by now. John would hardly have brought him breakfast in bed. More likely John was upset that he’d have to reiterate his speech about no drugs of any kind.
“Hmm?” John snaps out of his musings. “Oh, yeah, I suppose. Wouldn’t have guessed that actually. I haven’t had to disarm an assailant in years.”
John’s getting a kick out of this. Sherlock is clearly still not fully out of his own head yet, talking absently, still staring off into the kitchen.
Sherlock growled at him in frustration. “Is it really so hard an idea to wrap your small brain around that somebody has the right to choose their sex despite the genitals assigned to them at birth? How did you feel growing up with people telling you to try steak and crab and bloody meat pies because they were good, you
He rolled his eyes. “How could he have? You’ve been with him since you found out. When would he have found time to let me in on it?”
John turned on his heel and marched away. The door slammed with a satisfying thump and he smirked to himself in pleasure. The bloke from last night had been right - he'd wanted to do that for a long time.
“Oh.” He glanced up, feeling even more awkward with the turn in the conversation. “Well, I don’t have much to offer but-“
"Any clue as to the-" He started to ask but Sherlock shushed him. He snapped his mouth shut with a growl.
John smirks and plants a kiss on the top of Sherlock’s head. “Not at all. I’m sure you had your reasons. Kinda makes me curious though.”
"No." He takes a slice of toast from her plate and bites into it. "There wouldn't be yet, would there?"
Well, he hoped John had drunk himself into a deep sleep and wouldn’t hear him cleaning up downstairs. He plucked a leftover egg roll from the box before dumping John’s noodles into the bin, knowing John didn’t reheat pasta. The glass tumbler was washed and put away, the scotch slid back into the cupboard next to the dust covered bottle of brandy Mrs. Hudson had brought up years before for some celebration or such. It wasn’t until he finished clearing off the table that Sherlock noticed his notebook lying on the floor at the foot of the sofa. He gingerly picked it up, only just curbing the instinct to fling it into the fireplace.
It all made sense now. Why Mrs. Hudson had brought up the bottle of scotch, why Mycroft was suddenly giving Sherlock his freedom. Because he was
"You just keep glaring then, hopefully they take a hint. I'm going to get a take-away box." He gets up to go to the front counter.
“Nineteen...next year?” John thought aloud. “Meaning eighteen this year… Meaning until yesterday you were seventeen?”
“Yeah, he’s being a- no!” He exclaimed at her knowing slow blink. “We’re not- he’s not- it’s not like that, we’re just mates.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed and hitched his shoulders as he thought. John sucked in a great lungful, held, and blew out by the time he thought of an answer. “Dogs, I suppose.”
The sun was coming up by the time he finished, the traffic growing heavy with morning commuters, even on a Sunday. Sherlock put the last fanning touch to John’s eyelashes, wishing he’d thought to buy colored pencils or charcoals to highlight John’s gold and silver hair, before closing the pad and tossing it on the table.
John stopped pumping his fingers and just blinked for a moment at that. Did he really think that? "No. It's not that. No, it's not that you're a man, I just haven't been with a someone who was inexperienced since I was young."
All was silent. Since Sherlock had given his speech to the brick beside John's head, he had no way of knowing how John was reacting to his offer.
His rhythm became disjointed as his orgasm neared and he pulled away from the kiss enough to suck in a breath when it hit. Bernard chuckled as he did his best to dodge the worst of it.
John’s initial reaction was to deny he was going through anything, but Gregson was handing him a bone, so he nodded with a weary malaise, as if his whole world was crumbling around him.
“Hey,” John got up to follow, “I didn’t mean that in a bad way. I like that you’re weird,” he admitted.
"It's all right. I just, uh, well...it was quite an image." Molly wouldn't look either of them in the eye.
Their timing was near perfect, John coating Sherlock’s hand and chest in hot ejaculate right about the time Sherlock flung his head back and came inside John with a shout.
John glanced down at the empty table- no tarot cards, no crystal ball, not even a translucent scarf thrown over top.
John smirked. "Liar. We've tried that, remember?" He cocked his head to the side, enjoying the view of Sherlock's long torso and legs stretched out. The scene deserved a few languid strokes of his cock in appreciation and he gave into the idea easily enough. It was hard work, keeping up the different rhythm with both hands, but he managed.
“I’m sorry. Did you just ask me to move in with you?” John whispered, afraid his voice would break the spell.
He groaned, or one of them did, he wasn’t sure, and then John broke away briefly to tear his jacket off. He came back, smashing their lips together again, five o’clock shadows be damned, and then it was definitely both of them that groaned. John started tugging on his shirt front, and at first Sherlock thought he was trying to get it off, which seemed a strange way to go about it, but he soon realized John was trying to pull him out of the chair.
“Too right.” John thinks about the implications of that and feels a building excitement. “You’re established in London, then?”
Sherlock opened his mouth but then promptly closed it. He looked half like he was about to argue. That’s when John remembered they hadn’t exactly been on the best of terms before Christmas break.
He pulled the coat down -it was heavier than it looked - and knocked on Colby’s door. It took a few tries but she finally answered.
Sherlock didn’t even wait to hear her response. It was imperative Sherlock get to John before he broke the Neanderthal’s nose in front of him. Well, Sherlock pondered, perhaps they could both get into the fight. It might act as a bonding experience and perhaps they’d even get to share a cell together.
“You are worse than a toddler,” John complained as he got Sherlock away from the wall. “Remind me never to stitch you up after I get my license.”
“John,” a horrifically familiar voice called out, stopping him in his tracts, though he wanted nothing more than to curl up and die outside somewhere, away from prying eyes.
“What kind of-“ He’d looked up from the drawer in confusion but whatever he was going to say was cut off when he caught sight of Sherlock naked in the bed. “Fuck,” he breathed.
“How do you know she’s in the toilets then?” John challenged, skipping to catch up to Sherlock’s longer stride.
“When I said you had a disability, what I meant was, you learn in a different manner than most of the population. Instead of learning by sight or sound, you learn by touch, by doing and performing. It’s why you excel at sports, but have always had to study just a little bit harder at academics. You’re not an idiot, John, I would never accuse you of being so,” John snorted at this but Sherlock went on, “you just learn
Sherlock held up a hand. “I never said you did, but it stands to reason. You, as well as everyone else, believes me to be a danger to myself. Your moving in would be nothing but logical. You would have the security of knowing my whereabouts and activities, not to mention your own space. I would gain more independence from Mrs. Hudson and my idiotic brother with your supervision.”
John, on some level, could hear the guests, their questions, concerns, but John only had ears for one man.
“Tell me more about your dad,” John suggested as a safe filler. “I mean, how’d he end up with a mathematician for a wife?”
‘Crying?’ John mouthed silently in confusion. Why in the bloody hell would he be crying? He clearly wasn’t. Yes, his voice did sound shaky but if he really was it was highly unlikely he would admit to it. John thought back to a moment, about five years back, when his sister had almost burst into his room while he was watching How to Make an American Quilt on the telly. He actually
John shook his hand(his father had raised him with a modicum of manners) but his murderous glare was pointed directly at Sherlock.
"Call down there, find out if he's still on the job but don’t tip him off," Greg told her, he looked at the remaining men, "we'll head up to his flat quietly and see what we can find." Sherlock opened his mouth but Greg put a stern finger up before he could utter the first word. "You stay down here until we've cleared it. I mean it."
John groaned in pain. It was so very, very hard to say no. He turned in Sherlock’s arms and locked their lips together, bit down on that plush bottom lip until Sherlock whimpered. Curls wove around and between his fingers and he tugged, just a bit, just enough to cause another glorious, keening vibrato from Sherlock’s throat.
"Yes, I am aware, thank you," he snapped. The drawer was yanked open and a grey plastic bottle was flung into his lap. He smirked at Sherlock as he settled in, content now that he was about to get what he wanted. John thought about teasing him some more, drawing it out a bit, but he didn't know if even he could stand waiting any longer. This was as far as they had gone in their sexual escapades. For the past few days, he would bring Sherlock off with his fingers and Sherlock would graciously suck John inside out, a skill he'd taken great pride in learning at John's instruction. Genius at that, Sherlock was, just brilliant. He mentally prepared himself for Sherlock's wrecked voice begging John to fuck him, a recent addition to their current activities. How he loved and feared hearing it. It wouldn't be long before he gave in but he wanted to hold out as long as possible. The anticipation was exhilarating, but he knew once they went there, once it was done, there was no going back, and that thought was petrifying. What if he hurt him? What if he just didn't like it?
“You don't know what you're saying, Sherlock." Despite Sherlock's scowl, John went on. “You're confusing our friendship for something else. I understand, you haven't had close friends before, but this isn't... It's not the same," he choked out.
"Shutupshutupshutup...agghhhh." John came without a care for the eight hundred quid suit. Sherlock continued to slide around on top of him, despite how sensitive John now was. He reached back down to lend another hand. "C'mon, you next. Let me see."
But then John had drawn himself standing outside 221 with his bags, and lo, giant hearts over his head that mixed in with the gibberish notes he’d written that were meant to reflect Sherlock playing his violin by the window.
Greg snapped, "Enough you two. Christ, you're worse than children," and John nearly jumped out of his skin. He wrenched his hand away in shock and glared at his partner in silent retribution. Sherlock just smirked and cocked an eyebrow.
“Oh, you mother fucker,” he says, coming at John like he’s going to clock him, but his partner puts a hand to his chest and stops him. “Did he still have my gun? Gimme my fucking gun.”
Sherlock studied him, looking for signs of illness or fatigue. “You…you don’t even know what I was going to ask.”
John found himself tossed aside and, after righting himself, watched in confused horror as Sherlock rushed away. The front door was slammed shut, as well as the side one, and they were both locked soundly.
He sniffed and set the thing back on the nightstand. What did he care if it was a one off? Who wanted to get entangled with someone who picked up bird skulls in the park and pocketed them anyway? It was weird. The kid was weird.
Sherlock slammed the door in her face. And then marched to the kitchen to slam the second door for good measure.
They piled into their cars and ran several lights to get to the refinery, not far, but Lord knew how far he could have gotten by the time they arrived. Donovan yelled into the radio, confirming location and updates.
Unperturbed, Sherlock’s lip twitched as he, surprisingly, started to roll another joint. John watched as he finished quickly and tucked it casually behind his ear.
“Would it be the same, do you think, after all this time?” Sherlock didn’t answer Victor’s question. His next was even softer. “What do you say? Up for an experim-” The rest of the word was swallowed up in a moan, and John did throw his phone then, long and hard, into traffic.
"Well, when they came home from the pub they'd seen fit to park it in the stairwell, all snuggled up on the stairs together like two boys at a sleepover. I had just been through my closet, looking for these shoes as a matter of fact," she held one foot out to showcase her yellow kitten heels, "and I had bagged up some shoes I knew I could give to the second hand shop down the way, you know the one with that huge armoire I’ve wanted in the window. Anyway, I was setting them out front when I found them. When they went upstairs it got quiet. Suspiciously quiet," she eyed them with significance, "but then that client came. Tessa I believe she said her name was. I couldn't leave her on the pavement, the poor dear, and they
Greg was already shaking his head in stubborn denial. "No, they can still get an annulment. All we have to do is get those two idiots to admit they're in love with each other."
“Don’t worry, we’ll go back for it later.” The man turns the air back down and cracks his window; the cooler night air rushes up past John from behind, ruffling his hair.
“Really?” She seemed impressed, which might have been nice an hour ago, back when John was still on the pull. “Well why didn’t you say so? I’d like to see that actually.”
John pulls back far enough to give him a look. Sherlock blinks back up, bemused but pleasantly flushed. It’s a good look. There’s a particularly enticing bit of Sherlock’s throat that John wants to latch onto and not let go of, so he does, thinking it’s better to show Sherlock he’s not disappointing than to tell him. It seems to work, Sherlock rolls his hips up at John again with a heady moan. John can feel the way it rumbles against his lips, his tongue, and the sensation seems to dart down his spine straight into his cock.
Her hand squeezed around his. “Do you want to know what he said to me downstairs?” She asked quietly. John looked up and met her eyes, not sure if he did want to know. She answered anyway. “‘He’s mine.’ That’s what he said to me just before the other bloke showed up. Still not sure how he feels?”
John had nearly forgotten the idea since its first suggestion, filed away as nothing more than a drug addled tease on Sherlock’s part. Now John wasn’t so sure.
He watched as Lestrade pulled a first aid kit off of the security cart and snapped a cold pack for John to put across his knuckles. They both chuckled at something Lestrade said, whatever it was making John glance up at Sherlock with a smile. For some reason the easy camaraderie between the two set Sherlock’s blood to boiling.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows as John floundered. He watched as the man frowned at his shoes, and took the opportunity to look John over. Same boring brown shoes as always (all his money went toward essentials), with a newly washed jeans and jumper combo. Simple but somehow utterly gut melting for Sherlock, though he’d yet to deduce why. Damn the man; without even trying he had Sherlock squirming.
She wrung her hands and looked around the room before realizing that the statement didn’t explain anything. “Oh! Well, Laila doesn’t listen to rock, she’s more into, you know, upbeat pop stuff. This was, darker. And it was turned up loud, which she would never do. Our neighbors are arseholes like that, and she hates it.”
John, who, judging from the faint shifting of the ancient floorboards, was currently just waking in the room upstairs.  John, who had come back last night, after Sherlock had assumed to never see him again, to announce his intent to stay. Sherlock hadn’t been sure he hadn’t dreamt the whole incident until just now, as the sound of John rolling out of bed made it real.
John looked it over. “Madame Endora,” he read, skeptical until he noted that where it had once announced being ten quid a telling on the chalkboard easel, someone had scratched it out and written ‘Free’.
John squinted as Sherlock donned his coat and scarf. “You can’t seriously think to bring that with us.”
“I realized,” John said from the doorway, before stepping inside, “you never did answer any of my questions from yesterday.”
John sucked in a breath when Sherlock rocked back against him. “I don't think that's a fair trade," he pointed out breathlessly.
“So, tell me, what subject are we studying?” Sherlock asked with as much congenially as he could muster.
Mrs. Hudson wasn't even trying now, she was just transferring Sherlock's empty glasses for full ones as the waiters passed by.
I’m sat in that chair still staring at your lips, like I’ve been all this time, while you go over the guest list and the menus and the fucking bridesmaids gowns. And it’s
He casually made his way into the kitchen and, once out of sight, fell against the wall and quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers. It wouldn’t take much, no, not much at all.
“I want to be close to you when I tell you this, so you can read whatever it is that you need to in order to believe my sincerity.” He pulls back so Sherlock can see his face. “I’m leaving Mary and I’m going to move back into Baker Street. It will hurt. Yes. It will be unfair. Yes. But not as hurtful as being away from you. Not as unfair as leading her on when I love you more.”
“Mmm,” John hummed as he lit and inhaled the burning smoke. Tasted like shit but his chest was warm.
He could make something up but why bother. In reality he was going to look for a secluded spot in Regents and burn the stupid notepad until it qualified for his ongoing ash study.
He was stopped on his way through the lobby by a voice calling his name. He turned to look and spotted one of the footballers he’d never bothered to speak to before waving at him.
With a growl, John dove back down, ripping at the expensive shirt collar, laving at Sherlock’s collarbone with ferocious intent. Sherlock cried out, tilting his hips up at John, seeking and finding John just as hard and ready. They both keened at the contact, crashing together with ill-timed thrusts, like two first-time teenagers - randy and inexperienced. In Sherlock’s case that might be accurate but John had no excuse; nothing but his eagerness.
He couldn’t remember, it had been too long, but he knew it had never been like this. Heart pounding and viscerally real. “Just take whatever you want, I swear I’ll enjoy it.”
Three stories up to John’s floor and a left down the hall to room three zero four. He walked by the first time, just a quick recon, to gather enough intel that John was still inside. The television was on- Top Gear, a favourite of John’s, according to his Facebook page, but not that of his roommate, one Bill Murray, whose hobbies included women and not much else, as far as Sherlock could tell.
Quickly, John asked, “That where you learned fencing? Posh place like that, I’m sure they taught all sorts of interesting things.”
She coughed, working her jaw several times before she growled, “Benson. Tyler Benson. It wasn’t Daniel.”
John stared blankly, unwilling to misinterpret that statement in his excitement. A crack appeared in the dam he’d built months ago, despite his resolve.
Sherlock swiped the bottle from her grasp before Mrs. Hudson could even tip any into Mary's glass. He ripped the pour spout out of the top and chugged straight from the neck. And then promptly coughed most of it out onto his waistcoat.
John snapped to attention and stepped into the street to get into the van, buoyant with renewed faith and import.
He watched in rapt attention as Sherlock toyed with the bloke, poking him in random spots with the end of the pipe. He was having a grand time of it. Petrov blustered and shouted, made a few pathetic attempts at swinging his weapon but Sherlock easily sent his crashing into it with jarring effect.
John wedges his hand between them and palms the granite length pressed against him. Sherlock sucks in a breath and groans, pressing against John’s hand willingly.
It takes him a bit to catch up with Sherlock, the long-legged git, and when he does he receives a scowl.
Sherlock was actually having fun for a minute, until John caught him soundly on the cheek with a left hook and he cried out in shock.
He took a step forward to grab at Sherlock’s coat, but John was ready, throwing a wild left, catching the man directly in the chin, knocking him off guard. John quickly took advantage, putting him right up against the window of the building adjacent with a hand wrapped in his jacket.
“I can tell,” Sherlock went on, “your middle is spreading again already. I see the words gluten-free in your future.”
“That’s a handy skill to have,” he notes. “You got any more handy skills? Cause as far as I can tell, we’re still trapped.”
“I think I’m getting a neck cramp,” John mentions when he tries to turn his head to look at his newly acquired partner.
“You know what, just shut your fucking mouth. March,” the man snaps and wedges the pistol into Sherlock’s side. “You too,” he addresses John, like John isn’t walking right beside them.
“It’s brilliant, really,” he preened. “Cough medicine has just enough alcohol to inebriate but it’s completely legal. I can’t believe I didn’t think of it sooner.”
The man simply shrugs a shoulder and rolls back over. John follows suit but with a new awareness of the fauna of the landscape. He’d stomped around to let scorpions know he was settling in when they’d first lay down but coyotes were another thing altogether.
“What next?” John asked on a whim to distract himself, but also silently hoping she didn’t expect him to win her any prizes.
“So proper. Or it would be if you didn’t sound as breathy as a porn star.” John laid a few wet kisses against his already damp skin and slowly worked the zip down. John's hand snaked into the opening with care as the dark trousers were so tight it was near impossible to get inside without fighting. Once he got the trousers and boxer briefs out of the way and got his hand around hot flesh they both groaned in satisfaction.
Sherlock could hear John’s lazy gait as he made his way down the stairs to the loo. His morning ablutions were done directly against the wall Sherlock was currently leaning against, and Sherlock felt a breath catch in his chest at his completely unwarranted luck. The arrogant part of Sherlock wanted to take credit for John’s decision to stay, but he was far too smart for that. In reality it made no logical bit of sense. John had seen the scars for himself, had displayed the proper response to them- anger. Sherlock had been laid out all night fretting the turn of events, because in Sherlock’s mind, he calculated absolute failure. John had left, with the feeblest of excuses, and by all rights should not have returned.
“Did you really think you were going to get away with this?” He whispered, cigarette pack still clenched in his fist.
John snapped, anger twisting his face and his words. “Stop it. You know perfectly well why. You’ve known all along. You must have done. You’re a bloody genius and I’m just a fool who leaves messes for you to follow. We’re past pretending you haven’t a clue about how I feel.”
“Needy,” John mumbles, though it’s not like sucking Sherlock is exactly a hardship. And, Christ, the noises he’s making as John takes him in again, he will gladly continue if only to hear them.
“Yes, and I was in Dubai. You’ll have to excuse the delay.” He snapped the briefcase open and pulled out a packet of paperwork. “If you wouldn’t mind,” he drawled with a glance at John.
Putting aside the fact that apparently Mary was planning on murdering him on their wedding night, "No..."
The door was open, he could walk through it and know John wouldn’t bring the incident up again by the time he came back.
“Didn’t you want…” He glanced down at his hand, unsure if he should volunteer so readily for an act he’d never performed before.
All he could see was the image of Sherlock, unconscious in an alley or a abandoned building, with a needle buried in his arm, his heart rate shooting up to dangerous levels with no one there to help him.
John rubbed at the bridge of his nose, frustrated but somewhat chuffed to have Sherlock’s undivided attention. Sometimes he forgot Sherlock was three years his junior; he was just so much smarter than John and never hesitated to prove it. This was a different side altogether.
“If that was a hint to massage it out, I’m afraid you’re out of luck. I’m absolutely knackered.” He follows this pronouncement up with a dramatic flop, landing half on John.
His walk back to the dorm was quiet, so he allowed himself the time to prepare for his no doubt explosive - and not in the good way - meeting with Sherlock. Normally John didn’t mind how needy he seemed to be, but at times like today, when he seemed to run hot and then cold, jerking John around like a plaything, it got to be a bit much. If he could settle for just a moment, find his equilibrium, he was sure he could reconcile his feelings for the berk.
Sherlock waited for twenty minutes before following the couple to the pub. He spotted them through the window, surrounded by hangers-on; all drunk except for the couple in question.  As he’d rather sit and do brunch with Mycroft than be surrounded by intoxicated morons, he found himself hesitating briefly before entering. The crowd was dense but he pushed through, deciding to sit at the bar instead of standing alone in the chaos. Despite the crowd it was easy to position himself with the perfect angle to watch his targets in the mirror along the back of the liquor shelf.
Sherlock seemed to think on this for a second before crying out in triumph. “Because they don’t exist! You
He grinned savagely back at himself in the mirror, thrilled to have found a safe form of escape from emotional turmoil. Any second now he’d not care if John shagged his way across campus, up the stairs, and onto the sofa in the sitting room.
“You can’t say things like that. You’ll crash the bloody train into a dead end. Or poisonous gas will disperse for no reason. Or the conductor will decide today is the day he wants to enact revenge on you for sending his wife to prison. Something.”
Sherlock smiled at John’s squinty pained look and couldn’t help but run his thumb between his brows to smooth the line there.
Sherlock stopped on his way to the coffee table and half turned. If he was going to respond John never found out because Mrs. Hudson yelled up that breakfast was done.
“That wasn’t the drugs, it was the frozen pavement. I could have done Albrecht’s entire Act II from Giselle if we’d gone inside first.”
“All right, Holmes. You’re free to go.” His hand comes up to point at Miller. “You shut your fucking mouth.”
“Oh, well, excuse me! Least I acknowledge her existence, Mr. I-don’t-have-family-until-the-landlady-brings-him-up.”
John glanced up again briefly. Bernard looked like a choirboy and nothing like the man who’d practically wrestled John from the skinny bloke he’d been dancing with. He'd placed John’s hand straight onto his massive cock through his trousers; hardly the work of an innocent. John would forever remember the rush of a challenge not yet crossed off his mental list. He’d given a nod and they’d practically run for the loo. He was surprised he’d gotten the man’s name honestly.
“Fuck, you’re amazing, keep doing that,” he muttered as he pulled the jumper over his head and tossed it.
“Nope,” he grunted, still moving down the path. Now he was on first name basis with blokes he’d only spoken to once?
John swore he'd never felt so intently shunned before. And Sherlock had once ignored John for two weeks straight for binning an experiment. He was sure it was the man's intent, since John couldn't seem to drag his attention away from Sherlock and Janine as they whispered and giggled barely a breath away. Why he was being such a berk John hadn't the faintest.
Bless him, John did as he’d asked, swearing up a storm as Sherlock leapt over to begin showering him with bits of torn paper from his pocket, the fluttering against John’s skin mimicking the fluttering of wings. John cursed and swatted wildly with his left arm, right cradled around his face. Sherlock held in his laughter by the greatest of his willpower. While John was busy flinging himself around, Sherlock pulled the toothpick from his pocket and proceeded to jab John on the neck and arm.
Sherlock kept her talking, reading between the lines when she said she spent some time in France and Belgium with friends. Apparently, from what little he could extrapolate, there was a new player in town, and Sherlock had been mentioned by name. Irene was the bait.
“Sherlock,” he heard John call down from two floors up. He let a diabolical grin dissect his face. Not long now. “Sherlock! What in god’s name are you doing?”
Sherlock answered, “Gladly,” and wedged his hand between their stomachs to hold John once again. Immediately John pulsed in his hand, moaning and rocking harder against him.
By all rights he should have felt the wind on his face. That was what should have happened, since he was finally falling. He’d spent months crawling up a mountain of these moments; these stumbling blocks of body parts in the fridge, inappropriate smiles at crime scenes, rolling over each other to avoid bullets. Higher and higher he’d climbed to avoid the avalanche that was Sherlock Holmes. And now he stood at this precipice of moments, big and small, and it was this- spilled sugar on a weary Sunday late afternoon- and he finally fell.  There was no wind, no real rush of adrenaline; just a familiar warmth in his chest that spread outward in all directions. The only difference between this moment and all the rest was the acknowledgment of said moment.
To make matters worse, he could hear Mrs. Hudson downstairs puttering around the foyer. And the door was hanging wide open.
“That’s a sight, isn’t it?” He remarked as they went higher and higher. The lights of the carnival glittered more subtlety from above, just colored fairy lights amid the London skyline beyond.
“Fine,” Sherlock responded casually, already mentally going over what he’d need to break into the administrative office for John’s records. “Address?”
The man’s six foot if an inch, rail thin, but with broad shoulders and a power walk that says he’ll plow right through you if you stand in his way. The wind catches in his bespoke jacket, whipping it out behind him, giving tantalizing glimpses of his trim waist and slim hips. John’s eyes are lasered onto the way his shirt plasters across his chest, the buttons practically screaming for mercy, so he doesn’t notice that the woman he’s been chatting up has noticed his distraction.
"So now what?" Sherlock asked. A fissure of fear skated down John's spine. As long as they were talking nobody was getting shot, he didn't want to conclude this little confrontation if it ended with their deaths.
mad at her. He's mad she didn't ask, she just assumed. He's mad she's placed doubt and worry where once he was proud.
Victor went on, “Don’t deny it. I won’t pretend to get it, why him and not me, but I’m telling you now, I’m done being used. Don’t call me again.”
He watched John for another twenty minutes, through the chocolate lava cake and coffee, before realizing he’d been so caught up in waiting for the ‘right moment’ to interrupt the date, he’d let the entire thing pass by. It was clear they were winding down, ready to leave.
He forced his eyes open further to watch as John bent to pick the comforter off the floor and brought it with him as he crawled back into bed.
He looked away from the ceiling to see Antoinette shuffle past Mrs. Hudson in the doorway, head down, shoulders high. His landlady gave him a disapproving glare but he just shrugged.
He thinks on that. “The sky looks the same, the stars I mean. The sand is finer there, like powder really. It has different vegetation too, obviously.” He takes a deep breath of the sage filled air. “It definitely smells better here.”
This chapter was a lot of fun to write. The boys get into all kinds of hijinx in this one. For those waiting on more smut, there's a dab of masturbatory fun in this one. John finds it harder to abstain from the physical side than Sherlock. Or so he thinks...
“I’m glad to see you’ve given up the atrocious nighttime forays. The club scene is so early nineties. Wouldn’t you agree, John?” Mycroft turned toward John for the first time.
, or you’ll be shitting in a bag for the rest of your life,” Oliver colourfully threatens. He looks the type to fulfill the threat too; an honest to god real Mexican gangster. Probably closer in age to John than the rest, his hair is greying at his temples, his skin his roughened by the sun, and he completes the aesthetic of a Southern cowboy with his snakeskin boots and shirt tucked into his jeans. There’s a quiet menace about him, but John can still sense the desperation behind all the posturing, belaying the fact that he’s truly frantic for word from his fiancée.
Sherlock chuckled at John’s adamant bouncing. “We’ll have to pick it up ourselves. The place around the corner won’t deliver here anymore.”
It was just after dusk by the time he stopped walking, and only then because his heels felt ready to explode inside his shoes. His internal map of the city said he’d managed nearly sixty-five km in ten hours, a roundabout with Baker Street at its epicenter. He’d made it back to Soho when he dropped onto a bench to get the weight off his feet. It was dark but still bustling with shoppers and tourists - simple idiots with little to nothing going on inside their heads.
Mrs. Hudson was up out of her seat and rushing toward Mary faster than should be possible given her bad hip. It was clear she was talking Mary down from going after them. The blushing bride seemed more apt to flush in anger than innocence at the moment but she backed down to Mrs. Hudson's motherly, rational advice.
He scrubs at his scalp with the remainder of the shampoo and ignores the sound of Sherlock muttering to himself. Impossible, the way the timbre vibrates the very porcelain at John’s feet, but he does his best. The time needs to be spent thinking about the future. He still hasn’t broached the idea of meeting again in London, if Sherlock would be amiable to renewing their unlikely friendship. The fact that he’d just assumed John would follow him tonight gives evidence to his likely agreement but that's tenuous at best, dependent on John’s ability to remain friendly and not…
“Hmm?” Sherlock blinked at the harshness of the waiting room lights, uncomfortable and somewhat dazed. His arse was bloody asleep in the plastic chair.
“Unn,” he groaned. Horrified, he jammed his free hand into his mouth. Had to be quick, had to hurry.
Sherlock didn’t respond, his posture rigid, his face still immovable. John took the opportunity to run his fingers into those silken curls; a temptation he’d had to avoid on several occasions. How many times had he had to stop himself from bending down and laying a quick kiss on top of Sherlock’s head as he sat in this very chair? How many times had he pulled his fingers away just in time to avoid squeezing Sherlock’s own as he passed him a mug of tea? Curb a smile that felt a little too much like a secret? Small moments that became a mountain.
of John’s hand, which he thought was weird.  The man glanced up, with his arctic blue piercing eyes, and stated, “Doctor.”
“Did you sleep at all?” John chastised, moving around to the end of the bed to check on his ankle. He sat down lightly next to Sherlock’s injured foot, leaning in for a closer look.
John Watson was a kinesthetic learner. He learned by doing; not by sight or sound but by touch. He would make an amazing surgeon one day.
He stayed on the tube, riding the same line back and forth, for a long time, possibly hours. Thoughts ran themselves ragged, back and forth as well. Planning for the near future, where to move, who to tell first, the friends he’d lose all over again. But more insidious, intrusive thoughts would work their way in.
“Mmm, I was going to say ‘Curiosity killed the cat’ but,” he shrugged casually, “you obviously didn’t like what you heard.”
“Oh. Oh, all right,” he blinked rapidly as he moved away to allow Sherlock to pass, “yeah, just, uh, text or call or you could email if that’s…uh…more…”
Making tea is out of the question; he’ll only get sick again if he puts anything in his stomach. He decides to sit at the table anyway, just so he’s not pacing like a lunatic when Sherlock walks in.
“Away from…” John blinked at Sherlock’s chin, unable to meet his eyes, afraid of what he’d see. “But why did you- You seemed so happy to see him.”
“If it were simple and easy, we wouldn’t want it,” John points out, nearly breathless with anticipation.
"On my glorious hat, he did," she swore, "and it was too precious for words. The idiots, you should have seen them spring apart when I came upstairs. You'd think I'd caught them shagging bare arsed on the sofa."
“This might take a bit. Never done it before, you know,” John explained, looking endearingly shy in that moment, like he was worried about disappointing Sherlock. Of all the ridiculous things…
Sherlock visibly sank and then immediately puffed up in such a vain way John felt his eyes crinkle with the strain of not laughing outright.
Sherlock sat up at that and eyed John like he’d suddenly sprouted wings. “Why were you in the men’s locker room? You quit rugby.”
Several of the C.S.I. team eyed him in confusion but he ignored them. The regular crew knew how he and Sherlock were and the new ones would soon figure it out.
He tugged John by the hand, pulled him into the hall, and practically kicked the door open when they arrived at his room. John shoved him from behind and did in fact kick the door to close it again, and then he was on Sherlock like bacterial binary fission. But decidedly less asexual.
“Yes, you’re very selfless,” Sherlock responded. He thought about telling John about the moment of near panic, when he’d almost given in, but it had turned out all right in the end, and Sherlock felt confident that it wouldn’t happen again, or if it did that he could handle it.
“I mean, I know I’m not an obvious choice or anything but you never even offered, mate. That’s hurtful.” The dresser drawer was slammed with enough force to rattle the items on top.
"All right," he agreed quietly. "All right. How about this?" He raised further on the bed, pulled the pillows up and then lay up against the headboard. He motioned for Sherlock to climb up onto his lap, which he scrambled to do. He sat flush against John's cock and he had to grip the man's long thighs like a lifeline.
“No! Of course not! No, I swear. It was just too dark to see, my eyes hadn’t adjusted yet and she looked terrified and I just… I don’t know, I just reacted. I probably should have realized it was you sooner…”
“Oh, yeah. Give me something strong enough to destroy the important parts of my brain,” he commanded.
You could have heard a pin drop in the sitting room. John sat absolutely still, spoon posed in front of his mouth, milk dripping off the end, just blinking at the wall.
“Hush.” John held up a hand for silence. He nudged Sherlock out of the way so he could reach the bag, bouncing it in the palm of his hand as he weighed the pros and cons of the idea that had formed. “Roll another one,” he commanded darkly.
John thinks in amusement. He’s about to ask Sherlock if he’s ever given a blow job before, but before the thought escapes his head he’s watching Sherlock turnover and study him, and John’s brain promptly turns to mush.
"You," Janine waved at the two men. "Why haven't you been together since the beginning? It's driven me crazy for years!"
Sherlock snarls in anger over John’s obtuseness. “You cannot do this now. You’re getting married in three months. You made a promise to Mary. Are you
Dread flooded John’s system. She hadn’t actually come out and asked him on a date yet; she’d hinted at the idea, but this was pretty hard to be diplomatic about. By all accounts he should be jumping at the offer. Laila was smart, beautiful, ambitious without the control issues Mary seemed to have had, and they had a lot in common as far as background and future plans were concerned. And he already knew she was brave, as evident by her experience with the Colombian cartel.
John shut up as soon as he absorbed the state of the room, not to mention the state of his new flatmate, which was in shambles. Sherlock had apparently crawled up a flight of stairs on a sprained ankle so he could break a lamp, tear the sheets off the bed and throw pillows onto the floor.
Just the thought of John’s disappointment had Sherlock curling up on the floor near the tub. How would he continue to live like this? Aching, wanting, on the outside looking in…
“Hello,” John’s voice sang from somewhere outside Sherlock’s location. “Robin to Batman, come in Batman.”
John blinked at that rapid subject change, but did his best not to visibly relax after avoiding the absolute fucking minefield that had been his conversation with Bill that morning.
So he does the unthinkable. He very slowly crawls into Sherlock’s lap and settles himself with his knees on either side of those slim hips. He gently lays his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, nose tucked into the crook of his neck. He can smell at least three different scents- cologne, after shave lotion and shampoo- from this spot. Mmm. And a hint of sweat as well.
John returned the smile with one of his own. “But you’re so accommodating,” he sarcastically responded. No pity, no disgust over Sherlock’s inability to blend in with humanity. It was refreshing, this teasing banter they’d seemed to fall into.
“So sorry.” He scratched absently at his sticky thigh, glancing back at the sound of John’s zip being pulled down. He raised an eyebrow, meeting John’s eye over his shoulder.
“Practical,” John noted. “Tilt-a-whirl it is then.” He moved with a purpose towards it but she stopped him with a hand.
“Oh, fuck,” John cries out at the first feel of skin on skin.  “Christ.” His back arches, tailbone digging painfully into the floor, but he doesn’t care.
"I don't see how. John misses nearly all of the important details. It's all 'the poor family' this and 'the victims legacy' that. Hardly a scientific fact to be found, even though I put in all the effort to solve the damn cases."
The dresser drawer closed upstairs and Sherlock tried, and quite spectacularly failed, not to picture John undressing. An attempt to distract from John’s imagined nude form by guessing his wardrobe choices only lasted around fifteen seconds before he mentally undressed him again.
Sherlock could tell just by the tone that Lestrade was running his hand nervously through his hair, a tick that would see him bald before the age of thirty, Sherlock had no doubt. But as Sherlock could barely keep his eyes open he wasn’t positive.
“No, not even then.” He turned away and hobbled toward the tent flap. When he took the canvas from Scarlett she walked away immediately without looking back.
Christ, the kid was a snob. “Pills?” He certainly wasn’t smoking weed. Much too put together for that.
John licked a wide stripe along Sherlock’s tailbone and Sherlock yelped. That answered that question.
He pushed back at John’s tongue, unable to stop the flex of his hips back and then forward against his Egyptian cotton sheets. John groaned as well, clearly finding his actions no hardship. He’d kept Sherlock spread open with both thumbs, fingers leaving impressions in Sherlock’s flesh as he clawed.
John grumbled some more. Sherlock hesitated even longer, just in case John did remember laying together. He couldn’t bear to see the awkward avoidance technique John displayed whenever they got too close to...something.
“Too bad.” He pulled out a chair and sat. “You've obviously taken an issue with something,” he hedged, unsure about addressing the elephant in the room quite yet, “and I think you would feel better if you talked to me about it.”
“How many cocks do you think I sucked before yours, my dear,” John muttered, nuzzling into Sherlock’s stomach.
He rung out the flannel and then set about actually preparing the kettle. His nerves made the task harder than it had to, with his fingers going clumsy and his wrist actually giving a twinge.
"Bit rude to break it to you like this, dear, but it was never going to work out between us." Her cheek twitched in humor, her fake English accent back in place.
, who I finally remembered to ACTUALLY gift to, because she loves unilock and continues to love my stories. *drops 70+k word fic on your stoop*
He looked up when John didn’t respond. The man looked pensive, scanning the floor in silent wonder, before glancing back up at Sherlock.
“I’m going to fucking sick all over the table, I swe- Ow!” John rubbed his floating rib where Laila had punched it. He hadn’t even spoken loud enough to be overheard, he hadn’t thought at least.
John’s eye twitched. “You know I have no idea what that is but I’m sure it would have been lovely.” He patted Sherlock’s shin twice more and then stood up. “I’ll just, uh, go see if I can’t borrow some ice from Mrs. Hudson.”
He gripped the torch in his pocket and compulsively clicked the button on and off while he slowed his thoughts enough to study each one. “I was explaining, understanding that you don’t have relationships with males, I would appre- enjoy, greatly enjoy, your continuing to live at Baker Street, continuing to solve crimes with me, while being friends... who also happen to... do physical things... and share a significant portion of their time together, excluding other people.” He thought about the couple on the train, and decided on an addendum. “Also, I'd like very much if we held hands and also you can touch my hair. If you want."
John glanced over when Mrs. Hudson came back with the biscuits but she waved him off when he turned to help again. He reluctantly looked back at Sherlock, who held his spine erect, patiently waiting for an answer.
The next morning John did indeed wake up with a massive hangover. He was horrifically ill for the first two hours after waking.  It almost felt like a penance for all the misdeeds he’d managed the night before. He remembered it all perfectly well, despite all logic. He remembered Mike drag/carrying him back to the dorm. He remembered Bill swearing to watch over him but immediately bailing when his girlfriend showed up. And he remembered waiting for the sexual crisis to wash over him and being shocked when it never came. He fell asleep feeling restless but surprisingly okay with the night’s events. John didn’t put any stock in his Catholic upbringing; he’d forsaken that path at the age of nine, irreconcilable differences, but once a Catholic, always a Catholic, so he did his damnedest to call up some form of guilt. Try as he might though, he couldn’t seem to regret sleeping with a bloke. At least, not in the way he knew his mother would want. The idea of it did seem strange in the light of day, he supposed. Not bad, but certainly out of character for the previously straight John Watson. He’d noticed men before, of course, but in what seemed a perfectly normal ‘yes he’s good looking’ sort of way. Never in the ‘I’d like to gag on his penis’ sort of way. So it made sense to feel a bit hung up on that part but, if anything, the more he thought about it, the more he wished he’d gotten the mystery bloke’s name at the very least. Maybe he could clear some of these thoughts and feelings up if they had another chat. Or maybe they could just snog it out.
John rolled his eyes as Sherlock stood and walked to grab his lighter. When he returned, he placed the joint in his mouth, lit the end, puffed once, twice and then leaned over to hand it to John.
“Here. If it’s something you’d be interested in, this is the information of the best tutor we have here on campus. Though his actual location is just off site.”
John laughed until he had to brace his hands on his knees.  Even Mrs. Hudson was snickering behind her hand.
“Yeah, I probably shouldn’t have touched it, but at the time I didn’t realize anything was wrong yet.”
“We don’t have to-” He shut his mouth with a click when Sherlock scowled up at him. “All right,” he chuckled, “let’s begin again, then, shall we?”
He glanced up and away, wondering if he could get to the fridge before John saw the severed foot on the top shelf and remove it before it implicated him. Possibly could, if John wanted a shower.
At that point, John was speaking low and direct, right onto Sherlock’s cock through the cotton of his boxer briefs. Social niceties had never seemed to stick in Sherlock’s mind, so his hips didn’t see the problem with kicking forward and bumping John directly in the mouth. Sherlock might have felt chagrined had John not laughed at the eager display.
What none of them needed to voice was whether or not John reciprocated. Not a one of them would ever forget what Sherlock leaving had done to John Watson. It wasn't a question of if he reciprocated, it was a question of why he hadn't thrown himself at Sherlock the second Sherlock had reappeared and held on as tight as he could.
John quickly found himself turned and pulled into an alcove between two parked lorry’s. Sherlock’s breath fell heavy into his ear and John couldn’t help but melt back against him for a moment. The danger of the moment seemed to take a back seat to the feel of Sherlock’s large hand skimming from his lips to his jaw and down his throat to rest against the base of his neck, thumb resting softly in his suprasternal notch. His other came around to rest against John's abdomen, using just the slightest bit of pressure to force John further against his lean frame. Now was not the time, he knew that, but damn if it didn’t feel good to be enveloped in pure, unadulterated want. Just the feel of Sherlock’s silky curls against his face as he ran his nose along John’s cheek was enough to make him sigh in pleasure. It wasn’t until his hand began to creep further down past his belt that John snapped out of his revelry.
John grinned wide at the little dig. “We are going to actually study, you know. I hadn’t planned on having a go at her right there on the sofa.”
"That dreaded curse known as boredom. Mary's out with the girls, so I thought I'd pop in for a visit. What are you up to?"
Sherlock looks up with raised eyebrows, as if to ask ‘May I?’ John can only nod quickly, his tongue seems glued to the roof of his mouth. Long, musician's fingers fall to John’s chest, and he takes a deep breath, holding it until Sherlock moves them up to his shoulder. Even his scar seems trivial in the face of Sherlock’s pleasure. Not trivial, no, more like arresting, vital perhaps.
“I know,” Sherlock assured her. The cuffs were unlocked seconds later and her hands fell heavily into her lap. She heaved a grateful sigh at having mobility again.
“Sherlock, what the hell has gotten into you?” John snapped, standing to pull him away from the poor woman.
“Perfect timing,” John mumbled when he heard Sherlock finally come out of his room. He tried not to make a storybook of his face, but it was hard not to react to the fact that Sherlock had changed into his day wear- bloody bespoke, posh attire that probably cost more than John’s entire education. He also tried not to see it as a clue as to Sherlock’s possible activities, as it might as well just be his way of donning armour after feeling vulnerable.
“That might be true,” John conceded, “but it doesn’t translate to wanting a relationship with me. He’s stated in no uncertain terms that he doesn’t do relationships. What am I supposed to do with that?”
Or maybe John would rather like to do shots of ouzo and wipe his mouth crudely with the back of his hand…
“I’ll just be downstairs then.” He nodded, though Sherlock wasn’t even looking, and made his way down to 221A.
“Remarkable,” John agrees dryly. “So this whole war on drugs is actually just a missing persons case?”
John jumps from the car to follow behind. Just in case, he tells himself, though what he’s going to contribute he has no idea.
Mrs. H pushed the button on her little pink stun gun and sent the metal prongs whizzing through the air at Mary. What was probably 30,000 volts of electricity raced through her where the bits had struck her in the arm and John watched in both mute horror and resigned amusement as she involuntarily pulled the trigger on her pistol.
“Oh. So… uh,” he turned toward his dresser and continued to pull clothes out for the day, “the rumours true then?”
Before John could even blink, Laila was up off the sofa and striding down the hall. He called after, ready to yank her back if necessary, but she held up a hand, stern and serious, as she stopped outside Sherlock’s door. John waited, nervous and unsure.
He sounded so serious, as if he truly wanted John to play a game with him of make believe crime scene right then and there. John couldn’t take it, he burst out laughing and couldn’t stop.
With renewed fervor, John pawed at his jeans until his cock was freed and he could stroke fully without restriction.
The room erupted into snorts, giggles and flat out belly laughs. He flipped them all off and backed out into the hall.
Greg cracked a smile. “Yeah off with the both of you.” He stood when they did. “I’m off to see to the body.”
“Of course we don’t.” John’s head snapped down with military precision, his earlier anger bubbling up again. “But I suppose we argue enough that they would assume I’m just manhandling you all over the flat when we get home.”
He smiled at her and shouldered the rifle, glad it was light, as it didn’t press too deeply against his wounded shoulder. He looked down range at the moving targets, ducks and rabbits respectively, took a deep breath as he memorized their positions, let it out, and then fired.
He was about to ask John what questions he had when a barrel chested bald man, two stone heavier than either John or Sherlock, stormed in.
They smiled at each other until Sherlock’s face pained him and he decided to push John out of the way.
John sits in the passenger seat in the silence left over and just stares in the side mirror, waiting on… something, anything.
“At least wait until they're done," Janine whispered in Mary's ear. "Nobody wants to die with their dick out."
He watched as Janine made her way over to Mary, took her by the arm and pulled her away to converse. Mrs. Hudson came back to the table and sat down with an exhausted huff. Her hat flopped with the motion.
Sherlock scowled, or tried to, as far as his obviously numb face would allow. “Drinking games. Did you want to teach me?”
“Kinda old fashion, isn’t it? Using a map?” A feminine voice says next to him, clearly finding humour in his troubles. “Here.”
Not even the unique way the two framed those strange syllables could keep John from the siren's call of pain relief, his brain was too fried to deal with their antics at the moment, so he headed toward the the loo to find some paracetamol. Fix skull, then solve crisis. The heated bickering went on as he dry swallowed four pills. Half-way through Sherlock’s argument he switched back to English.
Sherlock straightened up to his full height at that. John mirrored the move, whether unconsciously or not.
He marched off toward the back but before he got far, before Sherlock had even realized he needed to close his mouth, Lestrade stopped him.
They searched the dining room and the hall until he found the point of origin. It was coming from the room John and Sherlock were still in. He waved Molly over and peered around the door.
“Do you have any idea how much bullshit I’ve dealt with to get here tonight? What you’ve interrupted?” John growled right into the man’s face. Sherlock watched, wide-eyed, as John rattled the man’s head against the glass with both hands at his collar. “I could kill you for that alone!”
“Oh, absolutely,” he agrees readily. “Only an idiot would.” John licks his lips, not wanting to admit his confusion, but the man must pick up on it anyway. “I’m most assuredly not an idiot. They won’t expect it.”
Assuming Sherlock already paid, John leaves the restaurant without looking at the other patrons. If Clara and Bea are still there John doesn’t register them. And with Clara’s blue hair that’s really saying something about John’s frame of mind.
“It was either that or start a blog,” John cuts in softly. “How did you get military though? Maybe I’d been hit by a lorry.”
Sherlock’s arms go up and around him, and John finds the confidence to weave his fingers into inky curls, while lips curve and teeth nibble. He thinks he might explode, to finally feel the sweet points of Sherlock’s lip with his tongue. Christ, what has he been doing with his time? He could have been doing this.
Sherlock could feel John’s grin as it formed against his skin; he gently brushed the smile against Sherlock’s right hip bone.
“Of course,” he answers, as if that should be obvious, and, really, it should, “just found a little townhouse on Baker Street actually, before I took this case. Perhaps I should have informed Mrs. Hudson I was leaving,” he mutters, seemingly to himself.
“Yes.” It had been awhile since he’d had to explain it to anyone. “I’m blessed, you might say, with an eidetic memory. Perfect recall if you will. But occasionally my brain needs maintenance, clean up. I get rid of useless information to make room for more important things.”
He grabbed the nearest person- bloke named Simon he was pretty sure, didn't matter- and growled, “Point me in the direction of the largest volume of alcohol in this building.”
Sherlock waved that away. “Nonsense. Everything I do is executed with the utmost careful thought and planning,” he announced without a hint of irony.
Sherlock tensed up in partial shock when John covered his erection with the slick, he’d been so distracted by John’s penis he’d nearly forgotten his own. The remainder of its rigid existence threw the situation into stark relief. He was glad John had thought to bring condoms, because, though he was fairly sure they were both clean, he was more concerned with lasting any satisfactory length of time. It wouldn’t do for Sherlock to shoot off mid-breach their first go round.
John could have cried. Sherlock was being serious, he'd stopped moving, seemingly until he received an answer. John racked his brain, shook it until the correct answer popped out. "Bart's. Could have shagged you on the table top if Mike hadn't been sat there. And if you'd been keen, obviously." He flexed his hips in an attempt to get the man moving again.
“Splendid.” Sherlock ops for the same and together they head for the room. “I’m assured the towels are newly washed. What do you suppose
“Sherlock,” the man corrected, his voice an octave above a growl, with a twinkle in his eye at John’s uncomfortableness.
“And that is… bad?” John asked. “Is this about my moving in? Because that’s not technically official. I-“
John grinned and decided to crawl back onto the bed to hover over Sherlock. “I’ll be back, you know.”
Having Mrs. Hudson’s bag of peas would actually have been quite useful, but he’d taken them back downstairs that morning. He instead rooted around in Sherlock’s freezer.
John finds an obvious flaw in his companions plan. “Seems kind of stupid, don’t you think? Going back for it?”
Blood pooled low in John’s stomach, ran in a loud rush in his ears. Possessive tendencies perhaps… John was his only friend afterall. He ran his fingertips hard over his breastbone and tried to keep the rising hope down.
John stared at him in shock. He knew his face was comically blank, but really, how was he meant to respond to that?
John snickered, picturing Sherlock at the kitchen table, face melted off Ark of the Covenant style, and rolled back over onto his stomach.
“Oh dear,” he drawled and tugged on his suit cuff gently, “you’re not going to make a scene, are you? I just had this dry cleaned.”
He was vaguely aware of John half-carrying him up into the flat, but it seemed like floating to Sherlock. He went willingly where John led.
“I don’t want biscuits,” John mused aloud, opening and closing the barren cupboards, “I want salty. Like crisps or…oh! Let’s order out!” He grinned, near ecstasy at the thought of delivered stir-fry. “Christ, I’d kill for Chinese, let’s get Chinese, c’mon.”
"Oh." Her hand went up to her lips but after she inspected Sherlock, calmly chatting with Janine, she tilted her head in confusion. "Well...why isn't he...hmm."
He leans in to whisper directly into Sherlock’s ear, “Because I’d like to snog you like it’s 1992 and I’d rather you were here for it.”
The man’s skull made a particularly nasty sound against the window pane and the fight went out of him. That didn’t mean John was done shaking him though; he was now just mostly rolling his head around on his neck.
“Look,” John interrupts, “it’s fairly obvious to me that those are the bad guys, yeah? I understand that doesn’t automatically make you good, but you haven’t shot any defenseless animals yet-”
“I-” Sherlock seemed to hesitate and John couldn’t help but feel a bit smug at this information. Not only had Sherlock not run screaming from John, he’d practically begged to be kissed that night.
look dashing in glasses. Do I want you to go blind? Of course not, but that’s not really an issue because your mobile is an adequate size and your brightness is all the way up.”
“No, it’s fine. I…” He trailed off as it became apparent that his light-hearted wardrobe guesses had fallen far left of the mark. “What are you wearing?”
John grinned, looking infinitely more gorgeous, especially around his eyes where they crinkled happily. “Oh, yes. Beautifully, magnificently fucking easy.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Sherlock drawled. John longed to tell him how very much like his older brother he sounded.
The knot of worry loosens in John's stomach and he lets out a breath. "You don't like it? He did have a mean swing."
Even though Sherlock knew John was going to text Greg the whole thing, he tells John anyway over a shared plate of Kai Phat Khing.
John chuckled at that, picturing Sherlock making off with a whole leg under hot pursuit of campus security. “I bet. And what do you give her in return? Tips on the stock market?”
His smile had turned into a frown of concentration, his brow puckered as he squinted at the condom wrapper.
suck him off now. Mind, he’d never given so much as a hand job before that moment, let alone a blow job, but if the deftness he was showing with his hand was anything to go by, it wouldn’t last long at all if he laid his tongue against that sensitive tip. And he very much wanted to see this bloke’s reaction.
“I don’t care what the sodding plan was. The plan to smoke and then lie to me about it,” he growled and threw the pack down. “And I thought it was about taking the edge off? If they come after the sex what exactly are they taking the edge off of?”
Sherlock’s cup was set down with a thunk, sloshing tea off the side and onto the tabletop. John leaned against the door jam again, casually sipping from his still scalding cup, all the while contemplating the best way to get his flatmate’s neck in his grasp.
"Clara, listen to me." He waits until she looks up before continuing. "If you find yourself lucky enough to fall in love, don't
A tick appeared in Mary's eye brow. John knew that look and desperately wished she wasn't holding that Sig Sauer.
"I think he took the easy road. He did the 'right thing' by Mary but in the end we all know where his loyalties really lie."
"There was nothing wrong with my accent," she snapped, said accent given way to reveal an American one.
“You- Oh my god,” Miller snaps and grabs John by the back of his neck, shoving until he can pull the pistol from his waistband. He waves it at his partner. “You’re welcome, you fucking idiot. Mother fucker could have blown your head clean off. I told you he took my gun. Did you pat this one down?”
This is it folks. The end of the road eight months in the making. Sorry it's taken this long to complete. When I uploaded chapter one I sincerely thought it was nearly finished. My brain does what it wants. *shrugs*
“No!” John shouted, startling them both. “I just meant to explain, my free time isn’t going to be open as it is now, if I find one. But… if you would still want, I could help on occasion. I mean, I wouldn’t mind helping.”
He then watched as the realization of the new angle of entry changed Sherlock's countenance. He hummed as his eyes slid closed and his tongue came out to lick at his full bottom lip. John's stomach did flips at the sight. He leaned forward on instinct and licked at the newly moistened skin as well. Sherlock's eyes snapped open and then suddenly they were snogging hungrily, John's hands still pinned to the wood and Sherlock still snapping his hips in a way that should be impossible given the angle. The pace had sped up as they kissed and John was moments away from spending inside his flatmate turned lover. He must have sensed it, because he pulled back enough to pant in John's face and slow the drag of his muscles, just enough to distract.
