“You know what might… happen… right?” Dean wanted to make sure Kevin knew what choice he was making. Kevin just nodded and then pointed toward the seat next to Dean. The hunter looked over, confused, but saw his phone, still on. He picked it up and looked back at Kevin, and saw a very readable look on his face. “No...I can’t,” Dean said weakly, but Kevin’s face just spelled out the words “maybe, but you have to”.
"That's not the point, Kev," Dean supplied. "I'm scared of a lot of things."
"Winchester, what was that about with the whole 'angel stalking my daughter' thing?" Jody asked sternly as the two reluctantly trudged side by side back toward the school.
Dean didn’t like it, it would be him letting them in on what was going on to some extent. They would find a mini Ma’lak box under Dean’s bed, filled with strange objects, only to meet Dean with the ghost of Kevin Tran and the ghost of the archangel Raphael. Still, Dean cared too much about Raph’s wellbeing to put his stubbornness in the way, so he pulled out his phone.
She nodded vigorously. "My mom was the sheriff before all of this. I can handle a gun. I can handle myself! I promise!" It was less defensive and more that she was desperately trying to prove herself. Dean just smiled at her and handed it to her. She accepted it like it was gold, revering it with awe and admiration.
"It's a thing he does. I'm Luc." Lucifer said this with a proud and excited smile stretching across his face. Both Dean and Kevin regarded it with a strange and growing fondness.
"Well, I was pretty convincing."
But Mia wasn't Claire. She had her parents, and her parents loved and supported her. Still, that didn't mean she would automatically grow up to have an average life or a normal relationship with hunting. Many hunters still had their family members; they just learned about the supernatural and felt obligated to do something.
He wrapped his wound with the bandages Lucifer brought and contemplated his situation. Lucifer was right; he wasn't really who Dean thought he was. Yes, it really was Lucifer, the archangel basically admitted to it, but the Lucifer that Dean knew was dead. He killed him.
Dean held onto the spot on his face where he had been punched gingerly, all his crying done now, and he stared at Cas, wide-eyed and incredulous. "What the hell Cas?!"
Uh oh.
Dean sighed, genuinely agreeing with Cas' perspective on this. "I don't like it either," Dean added, and meant it.
"Of course not!" Cas snapped, though he knew it was his fault for pausing to let Dean have input. "Dean, I can feel it when you're gone. It's this empty, hollow feeling in my chest. I know it sounds a bit strange, but I've felt it before. Whenever you're in Hell or Heaven or otherwise inaccessible to me, I can feel it like an absence in my own being. I felt it all day, until about an hour before we saw you with Mia, presumably when you reappeared on our world."
"Oh, but I can be."
“Duh, but-”
"All right, where do we go from here?"
“You don’t have to go anywhere,” Chuck interrupted aggressively. “I’m God, and you will do as I say or I will kill your friends myself.”
"The key to Gabriel's cage is the final object we need to defeat Chuck," Dean explained. "But if Ruth has it… I don't know," he glanced over at Kevin. He didn't want to put Kevin in any more danger. He had assumed that Kevin wasn't in danger, at least not any more than usual, but now that he knew Ruth was running things, this wouldn't be the milk run he'd been hoping for.
But besides his growing respect from the survivors and his growing friendship with the Mills family, it was his growing kinship with Lucifer that left Kevin feeling warm and happy.
"Took me long enough, don't you think?" He lightly punched her shoulder. "Now come on, let's go back to those guys in there and figure this all out." He stood and offered his hand to help her up. "Even if it takes years… okay?"
Dean felt calm and protected as he slept. His dream that formed was a little odd but peaceful. He dreamt that he was fished out of the river and carried away. He smiled a bit, imagining being in Cas' arms, transported away from the stairs. The concept was quickly becoming a repeating dream.
All three of them looked so happy and carefree. Now the picture was ruined, having been nestled in the pocket of a jacket that he jumped into the river wearing.
A monster did come through that door. A monster who was supposed to be dead. A beast that haunted him, whose actions haunted him, whose face haunted him.
"I'm not letting you go through with this; you need your strength as well!"
Much to Dean's surprise, the man let him go, and he quickly walked to Mia before turning to face his previous captor.
The Leviathan again had her eyes on the stranger, and Lucifer realized he wasn't focused enough to kill her in a snap. He needed focus and energy and strength, and right now, he was entirely out of it. But when she leapt toward the man, Lucifer shoved him out of the way, like he had done for him.
Dammit, there was a child. A child, lying in a ball on top of a table. Dead.
‘Wait, his car crashed?” Mia reiterated in surprise. “So he was here? Like, on this physical plane?”
“Cas?” Sam got his attention, his voice hesitant. “Are you okay?” Sam himself was not okay, very far from okay, but they needed to talk about what happened and decide a course of action.
When they arrived at the hospital, Dean pushed Sam and Cas forward to go ask about Max, but Mia grabbed his arm before he could follow them.
"I know."
“You just want your throne back!” Dean said accusationally.
The first year had almost been easier because everything was newer. Dean had Lucifer, his strong-willed confidante, Kevin, the nervous neurotic, and Mia, the stubborn kid who holed up in isolation reading every day. He sent out groups of survivors to protect their school-turned-home from Purgatory monsters, and he felt like he was sticking it to Chuck for trying to ruin him by imprisoning him here.
Kevin got in the driver’s seat and started the engine, hesitating as he gripped the steering wheel.
The stranger spoke up. "You must be Sam! I'm Mia, and I was wondering if you could show me to the kitchen."
"Nope. We're talking about this."
He curled his body over Raphael to try and protect him as Kevin dove to the floor in the front. Dean had one arm wrapped around Raph’s shoulders and across his chest, and the other clutching the phone and squeezing it dangerously tight as if it were more precious to protect than himself. Because it was. It was Cas on the other line.
Dean shrugged, agreeing with Luc's concern. "That's what Ruth made it sound like, but who knows?" He paused, thoughtfully. "Is any of this a bit… familiar?"
The door flew open as she shoved it, and she welcomed the warm breeze that tingled against the wet spots on her face and the kind light of golden hour in Sioux Falls. She ran to the Impala, crashing against it, not even trying to open the door. She threw her arms on top of it and started crying again.
Cas was everything. He only wished he knew that before. Before he was sent here... before he might never see him again.
Mia's eyes bugged out of her head. "Wait, this was the plan the whole time? Lucifer isn't just going to fly us home?"
His consciousness was buried beneath his pain and trauma, but as Castiel moved his hand away, Max shot up in his bed, breathing heavily and moving around frantically.
Dean cuffed the back of her head. "It's your specialty, Mia." He stopped and gave her a serious stare. "Mia, it's called empathy. I'm part of your family, so you're a little too involved in my personal life. It's what family does. You're emotionally invested in my relationship with Cas, and it's funny and adorable. But you do have to take a step back and understand that he's still going to be there when I get home, whether I get home tonight or twenty years from now." He looked straight ahead wistfully, mindlessly running his fingers over the folded up photo in his pocket. "One thing I know about Cas is that it doesn't matter how long I'm gone, he won't stop waiting for me."
Dean spotted his brother and smiled. "Morning, sleepyhead!" It was something he used to say to Kevin every morning.
Everyone sits down for a little movie night with a certain flash drive
Raphael presents a way to get rid of Chuck for good, and Mia and Dean finish their conversation about
"What does that mean?"
Dean couldn’t be dead.
Finally noticing Mia, still standing a few feet away from the door, Jody beamed at her. "Sorry boys, I didn't know you brought a friend! Hey, sweetheart, what's your name?"
"Does it? Does that seem 'unlikely' to you, Cas?" Sam chastised sarcastically. He began to rub his temple. "I'm sorry, Cas. I'm just… ugh!"
"Do you think they believed it?"
“Okay, but I shouldn’t have-”
"Oh my god, I hate you guys," Kevin said from behind the camera, but he couldn't hide the fondness in his voice.
Actually, why did Jody look normal? Like… dear god...why the actual fuck did Jody come up with this idea.
"Dean, stop it! Just stop." Mia grabbed Dean by the shoulders.
The rest of the night was excellent. Dean laughed and danced and even got a little drunk for once in a long time. Kevin and Jesse still sang Man in the Mirror, except it was acapella to prove a point, which was so much worse. Hanna and Delia, the team leaders Dean so often worked with alongside Kevin and Jesse, got very, very drunk and tossed Raphael back and forth while they were dancing, which was great entertainment for the rest of them.
The emptiness persisted in Castiel's chest as Sam drove the truck back to the bunker.
Dean was admittedly speechless. Kevin had always been prone to occasional fits of confident ranting, but this time he had too genuine of a point to just roll his eyes at. Dean Winchester’s life was the most complicated thing on the planet, but when he thought about Cas, it didn’t feel complicated.
"Dean, what's wrong? Tell me what's wrong." Cas so desperately wanted to fix everything. He wanted to find anyone that might have hurt Dean and smite them all and send them to hell.
It had been two days since his camping trip revelation, and they had not left yet. Mia was growing more and more frustrated as she paced the roof of the school where Kevin, Dean, and Lucifer had been sitting and having a civil, reasonable conversation.
"I'm scared of airplanes."
All three were in front of him now.
"Yes. Another product of my father."
He needed to have a little chat with one Dean Winchester.
Dean curled and uncurled his fists. "Max Banes. That kid who brought me here."
Dean looked up from his coffee again, confused. "Anniversary? Did I miss my wedding?"
It was an honest statement, coming to a new universe had to be stressful, and Dean should have expected that.
“Over the phone, we knew that there was a driver because he was yelling at him to drive faster, but that was definitely his car back there, which means-”
"It's a gift," Dean replied dryly. "Now, what's wrong?"
"Ah, thank you," she dismissed the man and turned her attention to the visitors. "Mr. Banes is in pretty bad condition. At the moment, I cannot say with clarity that he will recover. We aren't sure how his accident occurred as there were no other cars at the scene, but there was a single witness who thought she saw someone standing by the wreckage."
Sam however was not letting this go. Maybe it was the last eleven years of sitting in between these two idiots and having to watch them argue and fight and push each other away when they could have just been honest and then eventually happy.
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
Dean stood up, matching her excitement and meeting her with a firm and energetic handshake. "Yes you are, your majesty!" He said with a large grin.
"I wouldn't go that far," Jody grumbled from a few feet away. She was the only one not fretting over him. In fact, she seemed to be keeping her distance. "I was fine. He just got in the way for no reason."
"Jesus Christ Mia, you're nineteen. Do you even know how old I am?!"
Kevin preferred the emotionally complex to the physically taxing. He preferred fleshed-out romantic tragedies to high-punch action.
With that out of the way, there was nothing to distract Dean anymore from the other three people in that room. He took a deep breath and awkwardly turned toward them, desperately trying to not seem too strange or out of character, though it was definitely too late for that now.
When Dean left the hospital room, he very quickly corrected his posture and facial expression. He'd only been back for a day now, but he had already messed up so much when it came to pretending that everything was normal, so he was trying to amend that now that Sam didn't seem to suspect him as much.
Cas narrowed his eyes at the stranger, who was more and more confusing with every word. "I see you aren't holding up your end of the deal."
Her bait to chase the angel off her scent worked magically, as his face displayed his curiosity. "What arrangement?"
Dean nodded and followed after her. "Let's just hope he's in a helping mood."
"You killed Samuel Campbell."
He was home.
She shook her head, folding her arms in front of her body. "It's not your fault, Dean."
Lucifer hated his father. He believed he had every right to, after what he did to him, and what he did to Michael. But he hadn’t seen him since Michael’s death, so why was he here now?
"Yes, I miss them and think about them every day, but it isn't just them I miss. I miss all of my friends too. Garth, and Bobby, the one from the other universe, of course, and Jody. My Jody, the one who doesn't hate my guts, and her girls."
He hadn't been paying much attention to the individual vampires that chased him to the river, but he did remember the gaunt, sickly-looking one that ripped a chunk of his leg out. The injury that was currently causing him to suffer from confusion and fever.
“Dean what the absolute hell-”
Her stern, apathetic frown morphed into a scowl, and Cas had half a mind to flee back into the hospital. He didn't trust her, and specifically not when she had that weapon in her possession.
"You're describing times when Dean was inaccessible." Sam gathered, that being the common denominator. "So, that means he's inaccessible now?"
"You knocked my gun to the ground!" She defended, going to pick it up.
Trooper Wagner took a step back, even though he was definitely bigger than Sam, he was definitely still intimidated to some extent. “Whoa nellie, we ain’t seen any people here. It was just this car, and those women who done called it in. Why don’t I let y’all talk to ‘em?” And he moved out of the way, letting the two scary Feds storm through.
Max nodded at him, seeming to finally come down from his fear. "Who was he?" He asked tentatively.
The angel turned to him with a sad smile, but a smile nonetheless, which made Sam incredibly confused. “He’s alive, Sam. I feel it,” Castiel gently rubbed at his sternum, and Sam’s eyes widened as he understood the implication.
Lucifer looked at the man, now identified as Dean Winchester, in awe. This man clearly had many layers, and Lucifer only admired him more for everything he learned about him.
“Yes, but it’s more complicated,” Lucifer conceded. “I can’t heal him until the lance is broken. I can keep him alive, but this isn’t living,” he sadly noted his brother’s condition.
Sam nodded and shot Cas a sad smile as they walked out to meet Dean and Mia in the main room.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
Mia saw it again. It was just like two years ago; she and her father were sitting on the boat, clinking root beers together when Raphael appeared before them and told them that Jody was gone.
"How?" Lucifer's face was full of sadness and pity, and for once, that look didn't piss Dean off. "You don't owe your life to anyone but yourself."
"Sorry?" Raphael replied.
He had probably been walking for four hours when he finally spotted trees. He wasn't sure that the woods would be much safer of an option considering at least in this hot, endless, god-forsaken wheat field he hadn't seen any monsters, but Dean was just grateful to see anything at all that was different, and he could do with some shade and some water.
For once, Jody didn't have a retort or a joke or a condescending correction to hurl at him. He had a point, and even she couldn't dismiss that out of hand.
I'm so sorry this chapter took so long to get out, college has been crazy but in a mostly good way, but this will make you feel better... ONLY TWO CHAPTERS LEFT! RED ALERT! TWO MORE CHAPTERS! ARE YOU EXCITED?! I'll be sad when it's over, but it's been a long ride getting here and I have changed the aim of this story a million times. Honestly, I'm really happy with the way I've ended it (even though it isn't entirely finished yet)
Lucifer shook his head wildly. "I didn't recognize it because the land has shifted and changed since I was there last. But I knew there was something familiar about the image. I knew it."
Dean rolled his eyes; he understood it perfectly. He remembered what Chuck said to him the day he kidnapped him, the way he kept referring to Max as "bait". It was gross.
“Yeah, but it was convenient wasn't it?” Kevin muttered rhetorically under his breath.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
In pursuit of clarity, Cas figured that giving her more information couldn’t hurt. “What kind of key?” He asked, ready to show her the keyring in his trenchcoat pocket.
"Cas." She landed her finger directly on the face of the trenchcoated angel in the photo sitting on the coffee table between them. Dean cocked an eyebrow at her, surprised and curious as to where she was going with this. "When you get home, you tell him how you feel."
She immediately put her hands up and in front of her as if that would protect her. "I appreciate you defusing The Bomb."
He really did try to stay the same, try to be the same happy, excited, confident hunter he was in his first year there, but every once in a while, he became see-through again. People would catch him staring off into the distance, unable to snap out of it, or recklessly walking through the forests completely unarmed.
“Yeah, by forcing her into a similar situation that did some severe damage to her psyche?”
"My father wants you to die here, and he wants the people you have back home to suffer for it, but we can't intervene. But I promise you this, the moment you step foot back in your world, you're free game. You're everyone's public enemy number one." She leaned in forward, menacingly. "It's not just you and your friends against me, hon. Half of the angels here and back home have already been recruited by our father. See, he's been making some promises. And it's not just us you have to worry about. How do you think Hell's doing back where you come from?" This time it was her time to be returned her ugly smug smirk. "What, you thought this was going to be easy? You thought just because you've got the power of friendship and two traitorous, previously isolated old archangels would get you out of this? My father doesn't need to know what you're currently planning to have taken cautionary measures. So be warned, Dean Winchester, give up now. Because if you don't, it won't just be me who's out to get you once you do get home." She turned to face Jody. "And Dean won't be the only one caught in the crossfire."
Dean was caught off guard, not expecting nor understanding the question. "What am I?" He asked before he could stop himself and continue acting like the brooding stranger he had been.
“Wait, what do you mean, Dean’s car accident?” Jody’s eyes went wide.
"You seemed very upset, and I won't ask you why, but I am curious as to how you calmed yourself down so easily."
"If you get rid of Chuck… then Ruth will leave, right?"
Sam and Castiel discuss their suspicions about Dean's day of disappearance, and Cas has two interesting conversations in the middle of the night
Everything that was happening was boiling down to this and Dean had no fucking idea how to proceed.
But neither of those things happened.
Castiel moved through the halls, following the sense that told him there was someone nearby. He pushed a back exit door open and saw Ruth standing directly in front of him, arms folded, a long, familiar weapon in her hand.
It was run down, clearly long since abandoned, as trees and leaves grew around the red brick it was made of. They were still in the woods, concealed by nature, and there was a whole school just waiting to be used as a safe space.
Dean burst out laughing, throwing his arm around Lucifer's shoulders as well. "Yeah, hey Luc, pal, remind me, how old are you?"
Thank you guys for commenting and leaving kudos :) I will definitely be posting the next two chapters in the next two days because they take place (for the most part) in the same setting, however I split it into two chapters because it's pretty long! So look out for a very Destiel-y chapter next!
He hadn't wanted to drop his phone in the middle of a conversation with Dean where he was finding out what the hell kind of magic he stumbled onto in that shed because he really didn't want to freak the guy out. And he was genuinely intrigued by it. After all, the Banes family perfected all things magic, and he had never seen anything like that before.
“Told Cas? Told him what? He… oh,” the realization hit him in the head. “Shit. Does Mia know?!”
Mia shook her head wildly. "That's a horrible idea. I see where you're coming from, but right now the last thing Dean needs is for me to have more conversations with his family. I sort of screwed the pooch there Lucifer."
There were probably a solid thirty-five people left at the base. The halls were quieter, the bathrooms were less busy, the cafeteria was perpetually emptier.
The place was running pretty smoothly, with Dean and Lucifer running things. Kevin thrived providing organization but not having to coordinate anything, and Dean was starting to understand why Sam liked leading those Apocalypse World hunters so much. And though Lucifer felt he didn't do much else besides guard the base overnight and snap his fingers to cause the occasional Leviathan to disintegrate, everyone, especially Dean, found themselves most comfortable viewing Lucifer as one of the people in charge.
“Yes, sorry about that, but this girl may know something about the accident and she wanted to ask you a few questions,” Castiel motioned to Mia.
Right, and there was that. “I can’t,” Mia said guiltily, “I don’t have it right now.”
The blonde angel crossed his arms. "There is no key to unlock the cage."
"Unfortunately," Kevin answered for both of them.
As Castiel started toward Dean's room, he felt an empty fear in his stomach. There was something different about today, different than when he usually got home, and Dean would be asleep or in the bathroom. He usually didn't feel the need to seek him to be aware of him because he was almost always unconsciously aware of him. But something about that moment, not finding Dean in the kitchen, he was vaguely reminded that he was, in fact, not feeling aware of him.
"Luc? What did you see?" Dean's voice came out calm and relaxed, trying to bring Lucifer back into the present with them.
"Yeah, and that's still true."
"How did you two meet?" Cas couldn't help but pry. He asked Mia a similar question last night, but now that all four of them were trapped in the same vehicle.
Neither said a word; they just stared at him, unblinking. Dean's eyes were fixed on Cas, searching for something, anything, that reminded him of the man he was. It was like a ghost had overtaken them both, and Dean felt his heart break in a bunch of different pieces.
He punched him.
But no matter how this man knew him so quickly, he knew he couldn't have a normal conversation with him until he was healed, and his mind became clearer, so he settled on an admission and a negotiation instead. "If you truly know who I am, then you know that I am not the evil figure the populous believed me to be." He reasoned, once more crouching down to be level with the man but not moving closer yet.
"I'm… I'm sorry, ma'am."
He was home. He had been home for a week, but he'd been lying and it had been so goddamn hard to look at Cas, but now he was finally home, and he didn't have to worry anymore, and he didn't know how to do that.
“And he cares about you a lot too, right?”
"You want to know why I don't like you?"
As he kept going back to sleep and waking up in short bursts, he figured out that he definitely had a fever.
That was another surprise that Cas hadn’t been expecting, the idea that Dean wouldn’t know how much he loved him. Perhaps Sam had a point though, if Sam himself had been in on it since the beginning then maybe they were both being a little more obvious than they intended to be.
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"When you first got here, you noted that I took everything out of your jacket. I did."
"No one has ever not called me Lucifer before."
Kevin was not thrilled with this situation. Sure, he loved Dean, he trusted Dean, but he also feared everything. Dean assured him that being scared of monsters and demons was perfectly normal and okay. But Kevin wasn't sure Dean understood exactly how many things scared him. He got the creeps from spiders, ladders, bodies of water, phone calls from unknown numbers, big dogs, spiral staircases, movies about aliens, driving at night, flickering lights, complete silence, and slightly empty department stores.
“Yeah, sure you do,” Lucifer teased back at the camera.
But Cas was a world away, his brother was a world away, and he might not get the chance to see them again. He may never have the opportunity to tell Cas the truth, the truth he deserved to know.
Dean shook his head wildly, his insistence on not hurting Cas anymore than he already had taking over his headspace and helping him stop crying. "No, of course not!" Dean said between sobs. He paused to let the tears slow down again. "I should have just died six years ago. Or two years ago, when Ruth tried to kill me."
It was an odd statement, referring to the base as Dean’s home, and it was almost a little telling of Ruth. That was her home.
“They weren’t?” Cas repeated hopefully.
Lucifer nodded. "I protect them as best I can. The problem is that we've found almost no hunters to actually teach these people how to handle themselves."
Raphael was on the dance floor being passed between a bunch of single women dancing with him. Dean snorted, almost choking on his drink.
"True…" Raphael rubbed at his chin, furrowing his eyebrows.
Lucifer started to understand. "So you're worried that he's going to do something to your friend because there is no way for your family to live in confusion if he tells them what he saw."
Lucifer just wanted Dean to be happy and refused to show any preference for one decision over the other.
“Okay, we need to go, and we need to go now. Like, yesterday,” Dean added hurriedly as he attempted to get his bearings.
Dean raised an eyebrow. "Are you trying to tell me you knew I mysteriously disappeared for six years in the span of one evening?"
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
Dean couldn't believe it; it really felt like he was playing a dad in this scenario. "Yes, we're camping in the woods. Now go get all the firewood you can carry, and I better not hear a single argument from you idiots!" He shouted after them while he physically pushed them away.
Ruth’s eyebrows raised, and Dean was glad that his back was to Luc because he had no desire to see his reaction. “But… he’s your friend. Your best friend,” Ruth added, incredibly confused about the sudden change of opinion in Dean, who was usually so defensive of his friends. The fury and determination she had to kill Lucifer fell, only to be replaced by confusion.
"Of course, you don't have to throw a party," Raphael reasoned as he lifted Kevin off of Dean's back and set him on the ground, now crossing his arms and pouting. "Dean may just want to go back home right away."
"Oh please. I've always been interested. If I wasn't, would I have spent so much damn time reading your crazy grandpa's journals? Not to mention we're literally only a few minutes away from the first step to getting you home."
If he were to do this, he would have to brace himself to see things he was not supposed to have seen and learn things about Dean's family that he didn't know before. Regardless, he loved him, and he owed him enough to at least check. So he simply nodded, barely noticing Dean's wide-eyed anticipation before he closed his eyes, searching for what would have happened had Dean not returned home yesterday.
Mia jogged out of the room, leaving behind Sam, already pushing it to the back of his mind, and Castiel, desperately wanting some kind of explanation to make everything that was going on feel normal again.
Dean just blinked at him. "Healed? I'm fine. Is everyone else okay?"
"Jody, I have something for you too," Mia added, sending Dean a look that he completely understood. He nodded to her, leaving the two alone.
Ruth fixed her gaze on the hotheaded woman. "My father happens to be the Lord. So I would say otherwise, Jody Mills." Jody looked surprised, both at the realization that this was an angel and that she knew her name. "I know more than just your name," she teased smugly. "I know about that little daughter of yours. Dreadfully cowardly, she just hid in that cabin when met with the smallest challenge."
"You told him?!" Dean snapped at her, surprised.
They had the Seal of Solomon, they had the fruit from the Tree of Life, they had archangel grace, they had Dean's hair, they had literally everything they needed.
Sam and Cas quickly thanked Trinity one last time before following Mia, and Sam was beginning to come up with a theory that he wasn’t a big fan of.
"So, Mia," Jody began. "How'd you come to meet these neanderthals?" She put her hand on Castiel's arm. "Except for him, he's wonderful."
"Sounds like them," Dean said, folding his arms.
"Sorry, what?" Poor Sam was just more and more startled.
"It's not a compliment," Cas rolled his eyes, "though you never were one for dying. I knew you weren't dead for the same reason I knew you left last week."
Dean rubbed his temple, nervous and exhausted and scared. “Sam,” he began, his voice much softer than before. “I’m sorry.”
And now Max Banes was dead, and there was nothing he could do about it.
“What moment?”
First was Sam: suspicion and denial. The look on his face immediately betrayed the situation at hand. Dean had been missing for a day, and just said it was six years. Case in point, that could not be true and was therefore a lie. The conflict here came from the fact that Dean was his brother and while it had recently become obvious that Dean was lying a lot as of late, it was still Dean, who wouldn't say something like that unfoundedly.
It was so… strange. Dean felt like a child on their birthday, having waited for days in excitement and anticipation. When it was really there, they felt so excited, and yet it almost felt unreal. Perhaps as a result of having waited for so long for it to finally come.
He felt a hand on his shoulder, more on his back, inches beneath where his hand was sandwiched between the two of the figures hugging him. The fingers were smaller and slender, just as familiar as the ones digging into his bones above it. Her touch was all-too reminiscent of the concept of winning a battle.
Lucifer rushed over and slid to his knees beside him, hovering his hands over his torso. He could feel his healing light pour into the stranger and spread through his body, knitting his skin back together, lifting a haze from his brain, and finally fixing that damn leg.
When Lucifer flew into the stranger's cabin, well, it was his cabin technically, but he wasn't the one staying in it; he was shocked at what he saw.
"Go on."
Kevin watched as Dean stood close to Lucifer when the archangel was clearly struggling to communicate confidently with survivors. He watched as Lucifer would immediately fret over him if he tripped or distractedly walked into a table or entryway. He watched as Dean would sit with him when he'd usually be alone, and it was apparent he didn't want to be, and somehow the hunter understood that. He watched as Dean stared into his photograph, and Lucifer sat beside him in silence, a hand on his shoulder.
Maybe it was luck or chance, but both Dean and Cas locked eyes at the same time, and they knew what to do. Cas tossed the keyring in the air, and it whizzed across the room toward Dean. Chuck noticed just in time to scream Ruth’s name, but they were both too late.
“Okay, then what the hell are you talking about?”
"You fixed it for me the day you took me back to the base, remember? I showed you guys this photo all the time, and I looked at it every day. I don't need it anymore, because I have that life from the photo back. But maybe you'll want it, to remember me by."
But then it happened, the inevitable reaction that Kevin had his whole life to negative situations, a panic attack. His heart was pounding, he felt his skin begin to sweat, his hands were shaking, desperately trying to cling to the wheel, and then his breathing became tight and shallow and full of panic and distress.
"Promise? Like the promise you told me about the night we met?" Cas asked her with a raised eyebrow, warily avoiding looking at the terrifying archangel next to her.
"I'm serious!" Lucifer defended, trying to calm his best friend down. "It's not even a difficulty for me to do, and there is no risk. I just never really considered it, but I can do it. I can take you back to pretty close after you left."
Sean stumbled back away from him and pushed Mia back with him. This was God, the God that had tried to end their world, the God who forced Dean away from his family, the God who commanded the angels that attacked their base and killed Jody, the God who locked Lucifer in a cage and lied to the entire world about why.
"Yes, obviously, you idiot. But there's something in Raphael's extensive collection that could do us one better."
He had been wrong about the emptiness he felt. It's not like Dean actually died, or was sent through time, or was god-forbid in another universe. How crazy would that have been?
It worked, as Sam leaned forward slightly, looking intrigued.
"Deal," Dean said, holding out his hand to shake Ruth's.
He had terrible timing.
"Lucifer knows you better than anyone else. He always had, even when he didn't know everything about your family. And he knows how angels work, better than anyone. I think he was considering your feelings, really. After all, you love Cas and he knows that, so he… sort of… you know."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Mia. The person is Mia."
If he was, he was keeping it under control.
Dean felt a bit of relief as the man scrambled back to his feet, a look of shock and confusion on his face. He opened and closed his mouth like a fish, not knowing how to respond.
Dammit Mia, what the hell was she thinking?!
Max. Rift. Chuck. Vampires. Drop-off. Fucking wheat.
That was a low blow, and she knew it. Lucifer squirmed, obviously uncomfortable, and Dean responded before Lucifer could. "That's not fair, Mia. We can't force him to go. And we shouldn't have to," he added, to appease his friend. "Why don't you and I go? Luc will fly us close, and then we'll reason with Raphael. If things get out of control, we can pray and have Luc fetch us. Deal?"
She gave him a smile that was a little too satisfied. "That works for me."
Mia cleared her throat and stuffed her hands in her pockets uncomfortably as she tried very hard not to stare. "Is this your family?" She asked weakly.
Dean smiled grimly. "I suppose you do know some things about me then."
Ruth twisted her hand slightly and lifted Dean a little further off the ground. Sam, Jody, and Cas were unable to intervene as they were still incredibly shocked and confused. Not that any of them at their current state could match up to a pissed and powerful angel anyway. Dean wriggled a bit but didn’t change his indifferent and stoic expression, refusing to give Ruth the satisfaction of intimidating him in any way.
Castiel didn't go down the stairs; he instead just stared into the area below while gripping the iron railing at the top of the steps. He didn't like this situation one bit. There was something wrong, something incredibly life-shattering and wrong.
Sean and Mia both stood from the bench, only Mia noticing Lucifer’s immediate flinch and tense up at the touch from the man as she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. Sean was less suspicious, assuming any friend of Lucifer’s was a safe bet. “Nice to meet you!” Sean said with his signature Sean Mills smile. “What’s your name?”
In times where he felt like going insane and screaming at how unfair or miserable he felt on a particular day living in the other world in the last six years, he would take a breath, close his eyes, and think of peaceful, calming things.
It didn't bode well as he saw another one a few feet away walk out from the tree line. And then another. And then before he could really process his course of action, dozens stalked out from the trees and began to pick up the pace toward him.
"Exactly," Dean answered, worry growing in his stomach. This time when he glanced down at the photo, he just felt nervous and sad, seeing their happy faces, so he finally folded it nicely and put it in his pocket. "Max is a good kid. I swear, every time I try to help someone, like the prophet Kevin I mentioned before, I just end up screwing them over."
"I know. It's… complicated. But I just want to help him."
“Excuse me?” said both Ruth and Luc, both sounding equally surprised.
Dean giggled slightly as it was his turn to brush his hands through the angel's hair. "I'm not going anywhere you won't be."
Lucifer paused on the stairs they were descending, and he grabbed Dean's arm forcefully, Dean fighting the urge to yank it away from him. "Not to them."
Or, in this case, abandon in the woods with no hope of escape.
Rowena stood once again, her hands on her hips and a very confident, very trademark Rowena smile on her face. "We'll just have to take it from the bitch!" She declared. "Last I checked, I'm the queen."
She nodded thoughtfully. "Well, what were you doing before Max called?"
"Thank god," Cas said, his voice cracking by Dean's ear as he continued to hold onto him. "I was lying, I don't care if Luc makes you happier than us, I didn't want you to leave. I could barely live one single day without you, feeling that empty feeling. I couldn't imagine months or years."
“Happy birthday my beautiful girl,” she said with a smile. Jody looked different, she had long hair that was a little bit salt-and-peppery, not like the short gray-haired Jody standing behind their chairs, looking at the camera in shock and confusion.
Dean snorted and sat back down, pushing the new mug of coffee across the table to Sam, who gave him a small grateful smile as he scrolled through his contacts.
"Oh, please, you've never met them."
Jody looked thoughtful for a moment. “Amelia Sofia Mills, you are wonderful, and I don’t tell you enough. I am so proud of all of the accomplishments you have made even in these hard times. I know that this life isn’t what you wanted, but I hope your father and I have made it as easy on you as we possibly could. You’re a grown woman, and I know I like to get on your back about your decisions… especially the ones you make for Winchester, but you are so much stronger and braver than me. I trust you, love, and I am so proud to be your mother. Don’t ever forget that, okay? I love you, Mia. Happy birthday.”
Jody rolled her eyes again but didn't jump to defend her comment. "Mia told me what happened today."
Dean just nodded, and Lucifer gave them both a tight smile before disappearing, flying away to grab the Mills. "Okay, so I think it would be best if we had Delia and I take a small group northwest, scan the wheat fields past the drop-off, we could probably put Jonathan on that team and maybe-"
All of that didn't change how miserable he was. Yes, he loved Mia and Kev and Luc and Raph, but he ached for his home, his bunker, his brother, his angel. He missed them every day. He didn't belong in that world, and he could feel it with every step and every breath.
The two sat up there silently, eyes fixed on the fires below, not speaking for about an hour.
"Then Raphael told us of this way to get rid of Chuck's powers for good, which is what you just saw. We needed to capture keys from each archangel inside a highly guarded box. Hence, the Ma'lak box you all saw under my bed, and again in here. The keys had to be for the prisons for each specific archangel, so they weren't always literal keys. Raphael, Lucifer, and Michael all had some, but Gabriel had been dead for so long that they couldn't figure out what his would be as easily as they did for Michael's.
She hummed to herself, thoughtfully for a moment. "Let's make a deal."
"Implying what?" Dean asked absently.
Dean was frozen. That was something he had not expected. He pushed away Mia's voice chanting "I told you so" in his head.
He stared at the girl for a second and waited for her to say she was joking, waited for any muscle in her face to quiver ever so slightly to let him know that she wasn't serious. But she clearly was. She just stared at him, a knowing look on her face.
Watching Dean reunite with his family, more specifically seeing the man he'd loved for so long and not be able to say a word? Romantic tragedy. Kevin himself waltzing into H-E-double hockey sticks? High-punch action. And Kevin was not supposed to be an actor.
The archangels and Dean stood up after him, but they didn't know what he was talking about. "What does it mean, Kevin?" Lucifer asked.
She glanced back to the door. "There was a woman outside earlier. She wasn't as disheveled or crazed as the other monsters; she actually looked... professional. She had black curly hair, dark skin, and she wore a business suit. And her eyes… they changed. All I know about demons is that they look like people, and their eyes give them away, but I don't know the details of them." A scared look flickered through her face. "Something about that woman unsettled me, so I thought she might be a demon."
Sam still eyed him skeptically, but Cas took his hand and shook it. "From what little we've heard this far, I believe we owe you a lot of gratitude," he admitted, swallowing his fear of just looking at that archangel's face. Watching Lucifer fight Ruth and hate Chuck, and then hearing what Dean said about him made it a hell of a lot easier to understand that this was not the Lucifer they knew.
Somehow, life had become too complicated to be a movie. Now it was like some long, complex fanfiction. How did that happen? That wasn't supposed to happen.
“My friend called 911 from the car, but I got out and ran down to where the car landed,” Trinity continued. “I assumed whoever was in the car was dead, but they weren’t.”
As Dean and Mia scrambled rather quickly away, Sam waited until he couldn't hear their footsteps anymore before spinning to face Cas with his arms crossed. "Okay, what the actual hell was that?"
Dean's angry, defensive demeanor dropped in an instant. He saw something he had never seen before.
Oh shit, that. “I’m sorry,” Mia prefaced, remembering that she was twenty-two years old and not a little girl, hiding from her mommy. “I did steal it, and I know that was awful, and it was just done in a moment of… emotions, I guess,” she defended awkwardly.
The two groaned like children having just been scolded by their mother. Mia had pulled out her Jody voice again and there was no combatting that. “Sorry,” they both said, almost begrudgingly.
Sam's crazed worry that he had faltered a bit, with Castiel's words slightly reminding him that it could be worse. "No, it's the witch I called to help with Dean's leg. He's in the hospital after being in an accident, and I think we should go."
"You didn't mean that, right? What you were implying?" Mia spoke up after the shed was no longer in sight.
"We got back to the base and that's when I met Kevin, as you saw earlier," Dean mentioned, almost forgetting that Kevin had ever been in the room. "I'm sorry, I know it must be weird to see Kevin as a fully grown adult-"
After living through three years in the alternate world, Lucifer and Mia have a discovery that may be Dean's first step to going home, if he can put up with any more archangels, that is.
Sam turned in his seat to talk to the witch he knew nothing about in an attempt to make up for his quick judgment of both her and his brother in the last day.
Ever since they got back from the hunt, Sam and Cas had been babying him. Sam was repeatedly saying he needed to go to a doctor, but Dean repeatedly refused. He didn't want to be stubborn for stubborn's sake, but he didn't want to get a damn cast that they'd have to saw off. He would rather be in pain and feel like he was still in control.
"Come back with a warrant!"
“After you four left, Raphael and I were going to take the survivors to a new safe place, one unafflicted with the memories of that night. After about a day, we ended up having Raphael fly them to his cave in the mountains, and it took a while, but he realized something was missing. Something we think Ruth might have stolen.”
Dean narrowed his eyes at her, not entirely understanding her urgency. "Then it takes time. We're talking about stripping God of his powers. He's God, Mia. It's… complicated. But it's important."
Cas smiled at that, aware that she was right. And if the reason that he wasn't holding Dean accountable was truly just because he loved him, he could live with that.
He felt another hand just above where his knee sat on the ground and looked up from the fixed point on the floor he had settled his vision on to meet Kevin, the third figure to reach the floor with him.
Dean raised his eyebrows at him. "Are you sure about that, Max?"
"I brought you some soup." He added, bending over to set it on the edge of the bed. To his credit, he really was keeping his distance from Dean, having to stretch forward to even reach the bed.
It was quite the operation they were running. Halls were filled with people talking or eating or brooding in silence, and they all carried weapons and looked a bit disheveled. They would give Dean curious glances as he walked by, but they would smile or nod at Lucifer.
"Do you think that maybe movie night isn't the time for you to be all pissy?" Dean snapped back, earning a laugh from his brother.
He began to wonder if the Mills had a son. He would be older than their daughter now if he was alive, but he wasn't entirely sure why they had a daughter in the first place. She was too old to have been born after Sean died in Dean's world, so clearly, something else was different about the Mills in this world rather than just the fact that Sean wasn't dead.
Jody looked lost in thought, and Sam was staring blankly but still smiling slightly at the floor so Dean figured he didn't need to stick around for that.
Mia nodded along slowly. "I'm sorry, you're right. And this isn't about me. I guess I've just been so involved with your life for so long that sending you home so you can hug your brother and tell that angel you love him has become personal." She rolled her eyes. "I can't believe I've found a way to make all of this about me."
"Castiel, give me the key," Mia said sharply, turning to the angel as Dean stormed down toward the hall, making a direct line to his bedroom. Sam, Cas, and Jody weren't paying any attention to what was being said, they just stared at Dean as he disappeared down the hall. "Castiel!" Mia snapped one more time.
"Lucifer, I'm twenty two and I never graduated high school. What the hell am I supposed to do about that?"
"Exactly twenty-four hours after you left."
"You know I don't eat, Kevin."
Max was not stupid, but he felt that way today.
The two had managed one faulty lead and a slightly more promising one by the time Mia's twentieth birthday rolled around, and Sean had an idea to take her out for a while.
"Just my name, but somethings wrong."
Dean narrowed his eyes, realizing Luc had an ulterior motive. "Are you seriously pushing a pro-angel agenda to me right now? Do you really think I'd be here talking to you if I still had a problem with angels, the-actual-devil-Lucifer?"
"Well, no, clearly not, but Mia is a twenty two year old girl. I've known her for years, I know how she gets, and the two of you aren't going to be comforting right now."
Dean mattered.
The last time he saw Jody, albeit not this particular one, her eyes were burnt out of her head. Ruth came to the party to smite her and tons of the other survivors at their base, and it was horrible, and the images from the aftermath were graphic and burned into his head. He failed Jody. He couldn't save Jody.
They had both. He had neither, but he could open the box. Simple as that.
The angel looked at him, almost confused. "Of course. But that doesn't matter. What matters is-"
"I know! He seems to understand things about the world, even this one, that I'm not sure I do yet. Monsters aren't exactly my expertise."
These days he only got to complain about the weather on his weekly camping trips, but it wasn't as fun as it used to be back home.
Lucifer knew what she meant. She didn’t want to approach them until not only Dean telling them about the last six years, but also about how he felt.
But exactly the afternoon after Sean and Mia left for their trip, Lucifer had an epiphany.
His leg. Six years ago, or more accurately, yesterday, his leg had been broken. Now here he was six years later, or more accurately, only one day later, and his leg was completely fine. Lucifer had slightly de-aged him to keep up appearances, but no one even considered that he had a broken leg when he disappeared.
"For the last time, I did not request Lucifer to go get bubble solution for me; it was for a kid!"
The group of other-world stragglers had previously decided that when it came the time to find Gabriel's key, it should be Dean and Kevin who entered Hell to seek out Rowena.
“Dad what’s happening?” Mia asked with a scary amount of concern. She was already not a fan of the fact that Dean and Kevin were in Hell alone, but she had distracted herself by feeling sorry for herself following the events at Jody’s house, but now with the return of her father she was growing more and more weary.
"Thank you!" She exclaimed, looking at Raphael with admiration. "And you won't need to give us any of your grace; we have that already. All we need is…" she trailed off as she realized what she had said.
"Morning guys…" Dean mumbled, not matching their excitement. "Oh, hey, Kev. Back from your trip with Luc so soon?"
Archangel grace. Fruit from the tree of life. Two other things… what the hell were they? It hadn't even been that long, and he forgot. Blood, right? And something else…? A seal of something?
"I'm afraid I cannot disclose any personal information over the phone. If you would like, you can come to the hospital. Is there anyone that we should contact for Mr. Banes?"
It read: "Today, I heard rumors of a man in the mountains who may have the Colt. He's rumored to be incredibly powerful, and it will require risk to seek him out, but he has many of the world's most desired magic artifacts."
He was screwed.
Through the healing, the clarity given to him helped him realize even more so now that this was not the devil he knew. This was Lucifer, an angel, fussing over a stubborn and rude human's well-being.
He immediately abandoned Lucifer to sprint over to Jody's crumpled form. He fell to his knees, turning her body to face him, only to see her eyes burned out, and it hurt him just like all those years ago when he saw what Gadreel had done to Kevin Tran.
Sam and Cas were out getting groceries. Dean was going to cook tonight, but it would be a bit more impressive than just bacon and eggs. He had really come to enjoy cooking; it gave him something to focus on, do with his hands, do well, and enjoy as others enjoyed. It was the closest to the feeling he got after wrapping up a case.
"Well, you paid a friend of mine a visit today."
Her eyes darted to the floor. "Yes. We believe they've been friends for the last six years."
"I love that name," Jody replied warmly. "I always told Sean if we ever had a girl, we would name her Amelia because that was my-"
Dean rolled his eyes at her. “We do usually have a plan.”
The four separate bodies of the werewolves that had been circling fell to the ground in evenly spaced thuds. Dean hovered his hand over the hilt of the sword he took from Kevin in preparation for another wave of retaliation, but no noises came besides the chirping of birds and the fluttering of those wings.
"Hey Cas, you know a lot about stars, right?"
It seemed like a fair trade. True, Ruth had killed a hundred of their friends, but she was also a force to be reckoned with, and no one could kill her right here right now. Being prisoned in the cage for all eternity seemed only fair… maybe less than fair to Dean, but he was smart enough to know that in the end, it wasn’t really his call. It was Luc’s.
They finally made it to the portal and Dean quickly ushered Raphael into Kevin’s grasp and pushed them both through. He beckoned to Rowena, hearing the heavy footsteps of Ruth and probably a handful of other demons who were not involved in the little controlled riot in the throne room, but Rowena stayed firmly planted.
"Dean! Dean, wake up! Dean! Dammit, don't do this to me. Dean, please! Wake up, goddammit it!"
Mia looked straight toward the waterfall, like Dean. "I don't think Lucifer will decide to live much longer after I go. No offense to you and Kevin, but I'm pretty sure you'll both die before me. And when I'm the last one standing, I'm not sure Lucifer will like the world he's left with. If he no longer has a duty to these people, I mean. He'll finally decide to take his leave, the leave that he deserves. But if his duty to the people never changes…"
Everyone was passed out in different corners of the room. Sam fell asleep on a chair, Kevin was straight-up lying face down on the floor, Mia was curled at the foot of the bed, and Cas was draped over Dean gracelessly, one arm and one leg crossing over Dean's body.
“GUYS.” Dean’s voice was just as loud and commanding as it had been earlier, shutting up the two on the other end who were talking over each other. It seemed to work as they went silent for a moment.
Chuck gave her a dry smile that was scarily emotionless. "My sons? Elaborate, if you would."
Shit. Ruth.
He stood outside the door for a moment, almost worried to go inside. Once he got inside, the clock would start. He didn't doubt Ruth's ability to catch him the moment he walked in, so he was delaying the inevitable as long as he could. He vaguely heard a high voice saying "where should I start?" And he had no idea if he should try interpreting that.
"I suppose I owe you thanks then," Cas said, sounding almost embarrassed for interrogating her even though there were still obviously some lies she was telling. When she cocked her head in confusion, he added, "for saving Dean's life, I mean."
Dean rolled over, lying flat on the bed and staring up at the ceiling, Luc's face coming into view. "What's up, my best and most wonderful friend?" He asked dryly.
After that first battle, a month into his stay, it became evident that they needed to continue it. Monsters only kept rolling in, and unless they had some way to send them all back to Purgatory, they could manage just fending them off from the base. So he'd been coordinating groups and continuing his monster-fighting training.
Dean and Mia shared a wary but confused look. "Angels?" Dean prompted.
“What? I don’t-”
"We're happy. I don't know you, but we're happy." This time Sam and Cas smiled, though it was devoid of substance.
"Don't do this to yourself, Cas," Sam warned. "It was Dean's decision. And it was a stupid decision. But if you blame yourself for not healing him, then I share that blame. I could have just driven to the hospital that day. You know that they're the same option. We both chose to listen to Dean." He let out a sigh. "And he's probably going to walk in any minute and find a way to apologize while never actually apologizing for anything."
Sam hardly noticed how he had been holding onto Cas for support after being pushed aside, and the two watched as the staff tried desperately to keep Max alive, but it was obvious to everyone in the room that he was fading fast.
Sam stood up and walked over to his brother, putting a hand on his shoulder. "It's going to be okay," he attempted to calm his brother while trying to hide his own look of incredulity at Dean's intense reaction. "Let's go see him and find out what happened."
It had now been six years since Dean had arrived. Six whole years, full of confusion and pain.
“Dean isn’t gone,” Sam supplied indignantly, not wanting this random witch to convince him his brother was dead. “His car crashed and he’s just missing.”
Kevin was turned in the seat, facing him as much as he could manage now. “All the more reason you need to come with me,” he reasoned, but as he said it he understood why Dean wasn’t going to, as he could now see Dean practically cradling a sleeping Raphael.
She sent him a smirk as the demons in the room parted, leaving an empty floor between her and the hunter, squirming beneath her force. “Too slow, Dean. You should have died alongside Jody Mills, so it just feels tedious to do it again. If only Lucifer hadn’t gotten in my way and healed you, then maybe we’d avoid this whole mess,” she said with a dramatic sigh. “Well, thank you for coming straight to me. That makes it a whole lot easier.”
"You can't seriously consider this," Chuck added, finally joining in the negotiation for his life. "Lucifer, you're my son!"
Dean offered Lucifer a weak smile but didn't add anything as he went inside, leaving Lucifer staring at him from behind.
Raphael nodded. "Yes, angels are real. I assumed anyone able to seek out my collection would know that."
Dean sighed, slightly unhappy with the promise but knowing that should either scenario come to fruition, Luc certainly wouldn't allow him to wallow or stay out of sentiment anyway, even if he had to knock Dean unconscious and make the decisions for him. "Okay, I promise. What's the second thing?"
Last night, she had been pretty upset when he revealed that he wasn't planning on telling his family about anything. She had been expecting a teary-eyed greeting followed by hours of explanations and stories about life in Mia's world, but she wouldn't be getting any of that.
"Cas, no offense, but the two of you sort of lack… subtlety."
"Hey," Dean greeted his brother in the hallway, closing the door behind him and looking around. "Where's Cas?"
They were certainly a sight, sitting there curled together on the cold kitchen floor, but Dean never felt as safe as he did at that moment. He glanced up at Cas and smiled at him. "Thank you," he said.
Still, Castiel felt compelled to say something about the topic, though he wanted to ask Dean if he was okay. "Sam, no miracle I could ever accomplish would convince Dean that nature is interesting," he said, almost as though he hadn't been the one to say it at all.
“What?”
Dean looked at the picture and smiled again, transporting himself to that night with Jody and the girls. "Family. Both born and found. My brother Sam's the tall girl on the right, and that's Cas on the left." He pointed to each of them, and Kevin saw his face light up, mentioning their names. "They're the best."
For a moment, everything was perfect. Cas was smiling at him, and Mia was cuddled up against him asleep, while his brother's shoulder rose and fell with the rhythm of his breathing. It was his family; all he missed was Luc sitting opposite Cas with Kevin curled against him.
“What happened then?” Cas interjected. “Where did the people go? Did they take them to a hospital?” He knew that Trooper Wagner claimed there were no people, so the idea that Dean received help was slim, but he was just trying to get to the part where Trinity told them everything was okay, and here’s Dean, perfectly fine, hiding behind the car or something.
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
“Well, one man was short, but that’s all I could tell, he was facing away. Another man though seemed to be in the worst shape of all of them. He had dark skin and dark brown hair that was pretty short. He had a gash near his stomach, his shirt was ripped and there was a pretty bad looking wound there. I honestly thought he might have been dead.”
At first, he didn't understand what he had meant. But it hit him fast and violently.
But, the bizarre and intriguing always come with some sort of price tag that of course, Kevin couldn't afford. Figures, the one moment that Kevin had wished and hoped to see for years would be distanced from him because he was in an alternate universe where he had previously died. Just your average Tuesday, right?
“Ruth will kill you,” Chuck hissed, now furious. “She’s already killed Dean and your other disappointing brother. Do you think you can seriously defeat me? I’m God! GOD.”
“Aye,” she agreed with no hesitation. “However, how many chances do you think you’ll get at this?”
"Dean has to be lying to us about something, for a real reason. Because I don't want to think that I… I don't know, made this whole thing up or something," he finished with a loud sigh. "I trust Dean more than anyone. So why was I so quick to be suspicious of him?"
Sam tossed Cas the flash drive as he started the car. “Does M.M.B.D. mean anything to you?”
"Jerk," Sam sneered as he bounced down on the mattress beside them.
"He manipulated a fellow hunter's actions so that he would happen upon a rift and call me about it, and then sent a farmer after him-for trespassing. I assume-so that he'd drop his phone, and I'd think he went through the rift, so I raced to get him."
"In English, please?"
"It's not simple," Mia realized. "But that's what you wanted me to figure out, isn't it?"
Dean couldn't help but laugh. "No, Max. You're in the hospital. Do you remember what happened?"
"Maybe I can try to do something," Cas suggested, raising his hands slightly to indicate what he was referring to.
ONLY ONE CHAPTER LEFT! Time for Dean to explain everything and for some confessions of love to be addressed and oh yeah Lucifer has a gift for Deana and Mia has a gift for Jody :)
Cas’s first thought was of his conversation with Ruth outside the hospital where Max Banes was when Ruth threatened to use Michael’s lance on Lucifer. How he had the same reaction Sam had. But he wasn’t willing to believe Lucifer was alive, because there was something that wasn’t right about any of this.
He knew he shouldn't complain. He had it good, he was surrounded by friendly people in a large abandoned school, and his best friend was an archangel who could fly him anywhere in the world at the drop of a hat; they never had to worry about going hungry or running out of clean clothes.
"You're wrong. I owe everything to my family, and the bare minimum I owe them is to stay alive long enough to tell them where I am, tell them I didn't mean to leave them." It was the last thing he'd ever wanted to do to them.
"You don't understand!" Lucifer replied excitedly. "I was his prison; he says it right there while literally using the word 'prison.' If him discovering the truth about me broke him out of his metaphorical prison, then that has to be his key!"
The hunter nodded along. "Look, Mia, it's getting dark; there's no use going back out there now. Let's settle in here for the night, and maybe on the way back to the bunker, I could help you learn how to actually shoot one of those, deal?"
Both men standing by him were suddenly very invested in his delusions and insanity. "What about Dean? Max, why do you have to go back for Dean?" Sam asked quickly.
I know this one is short! I'm posting faster than I'm writing, so I'm catching up to myself lol, so I cut this one down but don't worry, you MIGHT get to see Dean go home soon... next chapter soon...
As he began to speak out the joking phrase, everything seemed to stop around him. It was ridiculous, right?
Max eyed the two other people with suspicion. "I've never seen these people before… Dean, what's going on?"
"Dean," he acknowledged curtly. "Look, I could stand here all day and ask you question after question about what happened, and I do fully expect you to give us a day by day rundown of the last six years," he fixed him with a stern glare that made Dean wish he died in that car wreck. "But," he continued, "we need to talk about something else here."
He rolled his head to the left, getting his hair wet in the process, but it was worth it. Dean was floating just beside him, also on his back, staring wide-eyed into the night sky. It seemed as though he didn't even notice Cas floating beside him, but the angel was just as content to stare at him happily and silently.
"We've got a situation, Cas. We need to go to the hospital."
Mia hurried over to Dean and put her arm around his shoulder, feigning casualty, but the two of them knew she was just trying to provide some grounding. She could see on his face the second she walked in that he was seconds away from cracking.
Dean spun on his heels and walked toward the entrance of the cafeteria when Lucifer appeared instantly in front of him. Dean rolled his eyes and walked around him, only to be met by him, yet again. “Get out of my way, Luc,” he growled, moving away.
"You know, Luc, Chuck said there was a specific reason this world was special, a reason that he wanted it to have a slow death. It was the only time he broke from his normal, cocky, cheery asshole demeanor. What did he mean?"
He felt happy. He wasn't content; he could never be considering Chuck was out there somewhere, wanting his family dead. But Dean could let himself be satisfied until he had a specific reason not to be.
"You remember that time Mia snuck out, three years ago?"
Dean and Lucifer finally have a conversation about their unique situation
"I'm not as much of a nerd as the two of you," Dean replied, but this time it genuinely worried the angel. There was something weak about his voice. Hell, there was something weak about his frame and his being as a whole. He looked about one second from slipping under the surface of the water.
“Do you think that could have come from the accident?” Mia asked after a long moment.
Dean choked on his egg, and it was loud and embarrassing, but certainly called for. He was briefly distracted from his panic when Cas, concerned after the noise Dean made, instinctively grabbed Dean's hand from across the table and examined him closely and with concern to see if Dean was hurt. He'd be lying if he thought that Cas touching his hand wasn't the most significant distraction Dean could get, as his mind turned into a teen magazine as he just was flooded with his feelings again, but he snapped out of it the second he finished swallowing his food and Cas drew his hand away.
Her husband, Sean.
Dean makes up his mind that they need to find Max Banes, and Sam finally believes that there's nothing wrong with Dean
"Yeah, I am. All the more reason I can take care of myself!" God, what had this devolved into? Dean felt like he was arguing with his father or his brother. When did this stop being a "screw-you-literal-Satan" argument and start being "get-out-of-my-room-mom"?
The lights went out in one moment, and the entire room began erupting into screams.
“You wouldn’t dare,” Lucifer said, his voice threateningly low as Sean pushed Mia further behind himself.
She crossed her arms, firmly planted to the rocks beneath her feet. "Okay, well, since we could die in a few minutes anyway, we're stopping here and having a little chat."
Cas led Sam to one of the chairs sitting in the hallway. The hunter collapsed into it lazily, as though all of his energy had been zapped.
Lucifer shook his head. "No. He doesn't want anything to do with me, and he's the most stubborn person I've ever met. He hates me so much he'd rather die than allow me to get close to him."
"Don't you dare!" Dean interjected defensively. "I may be older now, but I'm still just as devilishly handsome, definitely more so than you-"
"Dean, stay close to me!" Lucifer demanded, as more people were screaming.
Whatever would happen, it would be over. One way or another.
They had changed at a gas station and took no hesitation between parking the truck and racing down the hill into the tall grass where the car had seemingly been hurtled off the dirt road.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas raised an eyebrow, his intimidation faltering under the barrage of questions he had. "That isn't right. Ruth died centuries ago."
"She really doesn't. Those 'adventures' were terrible."
Dean was left there, just standing, staring after them. Did he just make an estranged alliance with Jody? And did she just threaten him? And was she in any way joking? Probably not.
Of course, it didn't ring. The shed was quiet, save for the static crackle that came from the rift, writhing like a snake in the water. Maybe if Dean noticed there was, in fact, a phone nearby, silently lighting up face-down behind him, he might not have been stricken with the fear that was in him staring at that rift, a symbol of terrible things in the past and terrible things to come.
Everything Dean had on felt either sticky or stiff. He tossed his boots toward the fireplace and began to peel off his damp clothing, throwing all of it in an unceremonious pile near the fireplace, almost tossing a sock in the flames. He couldn't precisely risk trying to walk back over to hang up the clothing or lay it out separately, so he figured it would just have to do for the moment.
“I think it’s… stuck!” She struggled with it for a little while more as Sam sent Cas an annoyed yet smug look, having done the same thing a few hours ago.
He sent her a small smile. "And we'll just ride out those consequences, won't we?"
Finally, Dean spoke in a small voice. "Is it… bad different?"
"We hunted together with my dad back when you were in college, Sammy." Dean settled on that excuse, hoping it was a safe bet. He couldn't in good conscience bring up any of the times that the two were fighting because he wasn't sure if how long they were separated would constitute meeting a hunter and becoming attached enough to come running when she was in danger.
"Yeah, he's definitely not the dad of the year."
Sam grunted behind him. "Pretty well, considering."
"Ooh, you're feisty. I admire that." A voice came from behind, and she spun to see a small, squirrely man with a beard.
"Oh, sorry. Max."
"Explain."
"Never think that," Dean demanded. "The things Chuck has done are on him."
But it didn't stop Dean from being incredibly homesick.
"I'm Dean." He held out a hand, and Kevin shook it.
It was Jody and Sean walking, swinging Owen between their arms. He couldn't have been more than four years old. It was a beautifully sweet photo, and when Jody looked at it, she had a heartbreaking smile.
"Reasonable? Be reasonable?! Luc, you're leaving us. Tell me how reasonable that is."
"It's not moving places; I just mean it got brighter. Is something wrong with it?"
Dean wasn't thrilled by the mix he saw. All of them were vampires, with a couple of Leviathans. He tried to count, but they all looked the same, dirty, wearing ripped clothing, clearly the products of being in the woods alone for months, and Purgatory for longer. He wasn't sure it was a blessing that Chuck simply provided them with their bodies because the smell was shocking.
This stranger looked at Lucifer and saw what Lucifer had spent his life trying not to be.
After everything they'd been through, all three of them, Sam had thought Dean hadn't been nearly as secretive as he used to be. Dean hadn't left without a trace for a while. The last time he did was when he went off to that case involving his old friend Lee, but that was when his judgment was clouded by his anger at Chuck, the betrayal from his friend, and a bar with a no-phone policy. This time there was absolutely no reason for Dean not to leave a note or call them.
"I will go find Dean and tell him we're back," Cas stated. It was clear that he was trying to assuage any concern he might have for the other man, as Sam had come to be used to. Sam and Dean might be self-sacrificial martyrs, but Castiel's protectiveness over Dean and Dean's own over the angel was incredibly noticeable. So, of course, when Cas didn't see Dean in the first minute they were home, he would want to check on him.
"Why? I don't get it!" Max responded, honestly. "You don't want to step in and fix all of this? You know that Dean is wrong!"
"Or something else entirely, something new that would make him... inaccessible, as you said," Castiel interjected, not wanting to dwell on the worst of those options for any longer.
Max stared at the three of them, his jaw practically on the floor. "What am I supposed to do with… that?!"
Meanwhile, Sam wanted to give Mia a piece of his mind. How dare she keep information about Dean from them. Dean was Sam’s brother. Dean was Cas’... something, but definitely stronger and more emotional. What was Dean to Mia? Not worth the effort it would take to be honest for ten seconds?
Dean didn't wait any longer before wrapping Luc in a hug that was quickly and tearfully reciprocated. "I couldn't have lived without you, and I am so glad that I have known you, even if only for a few years," Dean mumbled into Luc's shoulder.
Dean turned and resumed walking down the stairs. “No, you both have just been nagging me too much, and I’m sick of it.”
Lucifer shut his eyes and let his wings transport him to where the prayer originated. He was standing in the forest, which was a bit surprising considering he assumed he would find the man in the cabin yet again.
She laughed as she got up, extending an arm to help Dean to his feet as well. "Can do," she said with a smile, pulling the hunter off the ground. "Oh, and… thank you."
That was it! He needed to build a foundation first. The only way he had ever been successful in the past was because he was never just one man alone, stranded in the middle of nowhere.
"Sure, one or two at a time. I know nothing about defending people against armies of them."
Dammit. "Do you have something you were going to lie about?"
Lucifer lowered his head. "I'm not you, Dean, and Raphael isn't Sam. We're not super close; we didn't share our lives for a really long time. To him, I'm his brother who betrayed our father and paid the highest price. He'll see me as nothing more than scum." He spat out the last word.
However, she did show her research to Lucifer periodically, and they would disappear together, only for Dean to find her again later with new books about new subjects.
"I will complete my mission, Castiel. No one is getting in my way. Which means I will find him the moment he reemerges."
Castiel rolled his eyes, trying to push down the panic he was showing a minute ago. "Too many. I'll go look for the car to see if he actually took it."
"Promise not to tell Mia or Luc?" Dean said pointedly, but even the calm request was starting to calm Kevin down a lot more, his hands stopped shaking around the wheel and the car's direction straightened out a bit.
"It was me!" Mia said, a little too eagerly and a little too loudly. "I'm the one that made him tell you. He promised me he would tell you!"
"Can you blame me Dean? Did you learn nothing from how your brother and I reacted a few days ago?"
Dean nodded. "I do," he said with a light shrug. "I've done a lot of crazy stuff, Kev. This would definitely be at the top, but it's not the first."
"He's not ready for them to look at him with pity," the girl responded, leaning forward and staring Max right in the eyes. "There are consequences to every choice we make, Max. You let Chuck into your car, I went fishing, and Dean came back to the day after he left so that he could keep the last six years a secret. All of those actions have or will have consequences. You almost died, I wasn't there for my mother, and Dean will eventually have to explain himself in excruciating detail. Now, you have another choice, one that has more consequences. You can tell Sam and Cas about Dean's little six-year adventure, or you can wait for him to say it."
"An angel."
Cas shot up from the bed. "Is Dean alright?!" He asked with a panicked tone in his voice. It might have been comical to Sam if Dean hadn't been stressing him out so much that Cas's worry just made him extra sad and frustrated.
Dean finally meets the angel Raphael was so scared of, and Jody has a moment of emotional honesty
He didn’t even have the picture! His picture of them that he carried with him for six years was hiding under the floorboards of his room, tucked beneath the Ma’lak box that almost won him his freedom.
"Listen to me, I'm telling you the truth, he-"
He put the phone on speaker, and the two brothers just sat, drinking their coffee, listening to it ring.
"I'm really sorry."
At one point, when he woke up, he grabbed at the empty water bottle, preparing to hold it over his mouth uselessly in hopes for a single remaining drop, but he found it was heavy and full of ice-cold water. Pretending he didn't know that meant Lucifer had snuck in and out yet again, he gratefully drank half of it and pressed the cold outside to his forehead as he fell asleep again.
"Okay?"
“You need to find Dean,” he said simply. “You have to see this through, and you need to lock the key in the box.”
Ruth also had a point saying that he was pathetic. The panic seemed to really set in and he looked a lot more like the Chuck Shurley/Carver Edlund man they originally met.
And the box. Dean said something about needing the box, he told them to protect the box, when he got back the box was the first thing he went for. And Mia needed the keyring that Cas currently had in his trenchcoat pocket. She wanted to put the key in the box, a box that they couldn’t open.
Dean ignored it, knowing that Lucifer had nothing to do with the Winchesters here, so it didn't matter.
"I cannot believe the two of you," Dean said, shaking his head, but his voice wasn't attacking her.
“Luc?”
"Hey guys!" They heard Dean's voice come up behind them and he threw his arms over each of their shoulders, squeezing himself between them in the doorway. "Talking about me?" He asked with a shit-eating grin.
I know it's a bit of a lighter ending considering the fact that these two chapters had been one big integral scene, but I didn't want to make it longer by tacking on the next long scene lol
Now he realized exactly how much he owed Lucifer for orchestrating all of this "deal" and "promises" shit. Maybe it was only because Lucifer knew that one day Dean would die and that he would leave behind the one person he loved so much to just sit and wait for him every day for the rest of eternity.
She scowled at him. "My name is Ruth. It was given to me by my father."
When the vamp regained his balance and swung around on the hunter, he held out the table leg like a baseball bat and used all of the strength he could muster to smack it across his face.
"What do you mean by 'alternate universe'?!"
Cas and Sam had no idea what to do. Everything about the last week had been some kind of nightmare whirlwind of emotions that they couldn’t contextualize and ghosts reappearing everywhere. Kevin Tran, Raphael, fucking Lucifer, and here Dean was, acting like it was all normal.
"Of course," Dean replied with a quick reassuring smile, and the blonde man disappeared in a blink.
"Good idea, but what about your phone? They're going to ask why your phone went straight to voicemail and why you didn't contact them in any way."
Sam parked the truck inside the garage and he and Cas proceeded to walk inside, the gears in their brains turning as they each silently tried to form their plan for what to do next. In some silent agreement, they both knew they had to find Mia and ask her some questions, but they had no idea how to find her.
But as Mia poured through Samuel's scrawlings, she found something that caught her eye.
That "emptiness" that Castiel described wasn't boding well. Sam wanted to just be angry at his brother so that he didn't have to consider that maybe Dean didn't want to leave them like this because maybe Dean was dead.
"Yeah, well, your father sounds like a real dick," Kevin mused, causing Lucifer to crack another smile.
“You know, I’ve been here before,” Chuck commented. “I was eating popcorn and contemplating my death. Have you ever done that Lucifer?”
She stared into the rift for a minute before turning back to face Samandriel. "Come on, we're going to Raphael's cave."
"Would you two stop it?!" Dean was beginning to regret bringing both of them out. He promised Sean and Jody he'd take out Mia, and he had meant to force Kevin into some actual fieldwork, so he figured what's the harm in killing two birds with one stone?
"You were just saying how easy it's been! How good and happy you are with Sam and Cas."
"Long enough to know that I slept in the same room as a guy from an alternate universe. Why don't you just go home?"
It ached. Dean ignored it during the day fairly easily, as he was conscious of the fact that Sam and Cas were in another world and it just was what it was, but when night crept in on him, and he listened to the steady snores of Kevin and Sean, he felt different. Like he wasn't even himself. A part of him was missing, and if Cas could just come and envelop Dean in his arms, then the warmth from his embrace would sink back into his soul, and he would feel whole again.
"So, I wanted to give you something," Mia told her. Jody just shrugged and nodded, so Mia closed her eyes.
"Well, thank you then, Mia," Cas responded, probably at a loss for anything else. The two looked relatively calm, if not slightly suspicious, but Dean would take any victory he could get at the moment.
“Yeah, but you ended up being right, so it’s my fault for trying to stop you.”
"Yeah, sorry, Mia, what you can do is freaky," Dean shot back to her, trying to perpetuate their story.
As we enter year four, the team finally has something to celebrate, but the night goes horribly wrong...
Suddenly he heard a loud screeching sound, something vaguely familiar ringing in his head. It was coming from outside, a few feet away from the walls. He didn't try to stand to look outside or bar the door if whatever was out there should try to make its way inside.
"Who?!"
But no, the narrowed eyes on the stranger told him everything.
"Dean, Lucifer means you no harm," Cas cautioned.
"Sorry, Kev, but I don't think my family will take too well to either the ghost of one of our friends or the face of the man who was the actual devil and then a serial killer." He gave them both pointed looks, and they had the decency to look embarrassed for not remembering that any sooner.
That ever familiar flapping of wings brought with it Lucifer, who was looking around wildly trying to get his bearings before he locked eyes with his brother.
"My brother, Michael, he found out the truth about me and let me out of the cage, and Chuck tried to kill us both for his efforts. Michael helped me escape."
"Why the hell were you threatening me with that thing anyway?! And no, Jesus, I wasn't following you. I didn't even know you were out here."
The first month after they made their deal, Mia was convinced that it wouldn't be a good idea for any of this to get around to Lucifer or Kevin. She assumed that if they knew the details, they would tell Dean, and she didn't want Dean to show up and derail her leads or ideas before she'd had the chance to flesh them out. She needed to view this whole "alternate universe rift making" business with fresh, unbiased eyes. So, she started a chain of command. She began outsourcing her needs so that Lucifer wouldn't suspect her. She borrowed witchcraft books from Jesse, having him ask Lucifer to bring him some. Then, to keep Lucifer from thinking Jesse was losing his mind, she turned to Hanna and had her request more when the ones from before turned up nothing.
Max's mouth opened, and nothing came out, which only startled him more as now his legs were thrashing wildly beneath the white sheets lining his bed, having bound him tightly to it.
"They're not my friends. Sam here, he's my little brother. I've been protecting him his whole life, and he doesn't really need me to anymore, but I still try. We've been through everything together; there's nothing we can't or haven't already overcome. And Cas, he's…"
Cracking open Purgatory meant monsters, plain and simple. The three main ones he knew he'd have to look out for being vampires, werewolves, and those damn Leviathans. God, he really didn't want to see another Leviathan for as long as he lived, though he got the unhappy feeling that he wouldn't be getting that wish.
The first time Jody spoke to him after those three weeks, it was not with good news.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel and Sam go to the scene of the accident, where they are given two curious pieces to the puzzle
Dean blinked at him, surprised. He hadn't expected any of what Cas said to him in the last five minutes. He certainly hadn't expected Cas to say that Dean could keep some things to himself.
Raphael was his only living brother, and he was hurt. Raphael never believed that Lucifer had the capacity for evil, he always knew, and it ruined his life, forcing him into isolation. Kevin was scared of everything, so how could Lucifer let him down and let him be scared now? Let him think after all the years they’d worked together that Lucifer could ever let him down?
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"Kevin told me what was going on; I figured I'd leave you guys alone to give you a chance to get to her. Did it work?"
Lucifer appeared again instantly by her side with two bags of popcorn and Mia couldn't help but bristle in response. She never understood how Dean and Kevin were so used to Lucifer's teleportation-skills. It always freaked Mia out just a bit.
Dean smiled at him calmly. "Of course, everything's fine, Max."
"God yes, if I have to sit through Kevin and Jesse doing one more performance of Man in the Mirror, I think I will promptly vomit," Lucifer nodded wildly.
Sam met Cas coming back inside. "Dean's phone is off." He called up to Cas, standing at the top of the stairs. He waved his own phone for emphasis.
"I learned a lot about him. Chuck was pissed that Luc never hated humanity or fought against him, so he locked him in the cage anyway and lied to everyone about it, just so he could still write his stories, but for the most part, it seemed like none of his brothers actually believed it. His Michael certainly didn't and let him out about sixty years ago, but Chuck killed him for his efforts. I explained that Chuck dropped me off in Luc's world just so that I could have a slow death.
No words were exchanged as Lucifer quickly wrapped Dean in a hug, which Dean graciously accepted. Luc had always been in tune with his own emotions in the past. Still, everyone was aware that there was a change now that they were in Dean's world, so Lucifer greeting the hunter with a hug after seeing him only a day ago and talking to him on the phone that morning was hardly a surprise.
Dean suggested that they give everyone who died a hunter's funeral and had everyone who could spare the time start collecting wood to build a pyre.
"What the hell?!" Max jumped instinctively, though he hadn't made any move to stand from the bed just yet.
But there he was. The stranger had his hand stretched to the sky weakly, and dear god, he was in a state.
Dean turned to face Cas, grabbed his trenchcoat collar, and pulled him toward him, kissing him. He then broke away, leaving an incredibly red-faced angel, to smirk at his brother.
He wasn't proud of it. He hadn't expected his mere presence to fuck up a family, but if there was anything he learned from Lisa and Ben, it was that sticking around gets people hurt.
"He didn't do it for me-"
Jody joined him, leaning against the doorframe opposite the angel. "You okay?" She asked gently.
He was bleeding profusely from his stomach, his intestine visible from the outside. He had blood in the corners of his mouth, and he was moving his lips up and down as if trying to say something, but nothing came out.
"Luc, watch out, it's Scorsese!" Dean joked as Kevin came up to them with his camera.
“This is Dean we’re talking about,” Sam reasoned. “More specifically, a more mature, emotional, open-minded version. We know something’s been wrong ever since he disappeared and came back with Mia in tow. Whatever the reason for his changes, I can’t ignore that he has changed, but regardless, those changes would probably mean that he was thinking it through. He knew what to do, and he probably knew we’d find the car.”
"I had lost a shit ton of blood, and all I understood at that moment was that Lucifer was standing in front of me. I may not have been in the right state of mind, but I knew what I was seeing. Lucifer tried to heal my leg but I was terrified of him, to be completely honest. And he respected that, and let me continue to be in pain because I didn't want him to touch me.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
He's what exactly? Wasn't Cas his friend? That's not how he saw him, not really. There was more now. So much more. The words 'half of me' came to his mind, but he didn't say them out loud.
It was a lot to unpack. And they were all just staring at him.
A brown leather women's oxford shoe was raised above his face and came down hard.
It didn't help that the almost two hundred men, women, and children in the base desperately wanted a party, and fueled Kevin's party-planning ego.
Trinity paused thoughtfully, having not been asked this question before. Sam and Cas felt a bit stupid for not asking this pretty standard question.
“Dean, what’s going on? Where are you?” Cas’ spoke into the phone again, only more worried than last time, but Dean threw the phone down next to him, not even hanging up.
Dean waved his hand through the air, even though he was conscious of the fact that Cas wasn't actually there in the passenger seat as he had been so comfortingly only hours ago. "Well, obviously, that's why I left a note this time."
Mia has a horrible idea and Castiel makes a temporary decision about all of the secrets
“I’m glad you asked, Sam. I’m talking about you two taking me to talk to this witness you told me about it.”
"Well, here we are. Yours is the third on the right, and I already warned them you're coming. They're friends of mine; it's the room I sleep in. I'll be back with a sleeping bag and then later I'll join you, but I've got some stuff I want to do first. The door to the roof is around the corner in case you wake up before sunrise. You'll find Lucifer up there if you want to talk to him."
Max just stared at him with his wide eyes. "That's not a good idea, Dean," he began apprehensively. "They need to know."
She simply furrowed her brow and was gone in the blink of an eye.
Sam was surprised to see his brother up in the early hours of the morning, sitting in the kitchen and drinking coffee.
Dean reached forward to kiss Cas's head and listened to Luc speak about stars all night long, floating along the river once more.
He knew they had noticed it. "I just thought about something calming, something to remind me why I shouldn't be The Bomb."
"My car... it flipped. It flipped, and it kept flipping over and over and over again. God, it was so… loud. And I felt this..." he examined his fingers as he stretched and wiggled them about wildly. "I felt this pain… everywhere. The car caved in around me,… my face… my legs… I couldn't…"
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
"You don't remember what we look like. You forgot us." Sam's voice finally spoke up, but he still couldn't even see his mouth to see it move.
Something was unsettling about Ruth. Every fiber of her being exuded confidence and power, and he knew nothing about her. But apparently, she knew enough about Cas to know his name and where to find him.
Raphael glanced back to the survivors, still chatting and laughing behind them. "I must stay here, at least until our father is incapacitated for good. I must protect these people, and we should minimize the powerful beings appearing in your world, Dean. We wouldn't want to bring any attention to ourselves, at least any more than necessary."
"Please tell me that it isn't… her."
Dean looked around the familiar cafeteria they were in. “Look, that’s all pretty good news, but I do have to ask, are we…” he motioned to the room surrounding them.
It was quiet for a moment, and Dean couldn't bring himself to turn and face the archangel. It was a weird pride thing to admit that he was in love with Castiel, so he wasn't sure how to do it normally. He wasn't sure if, just now, finally blurting it out was handling it normally.
This made Dean straighten in his chair. He understood too well how these monsters could team up against a common enemy. When he was in Purgatory with Benny and Cas, monsters of all types would team up to try and kill them, forming alliances against the rogue human and angel, and the vampire who betrayed his kind. The scariest thing about any monsters in any hunt was numbers.
Lucifer cocked an eyebrow humorlessly. “I can’t do that.”
Dean flitted around the cabin, making the bed and pulling out blankets and pillows from the closet, laying them down for him to sleep on the floor. While he did this, he entertained Mia with the story of what state he was in when he was here last. She seemed to find humor in his stubbornness and how he somehow managed not to piss Luc off as much as he could.
"Dean?"
Lucifer rolled his eyes in agreement. "No kidding. God is not at all how you'd expect him to be, Dean. He's ending this world. He might be ending them all."
"You're not making those decisions!" Said Kevin. "Mia is making those decisions. Look, Jody wants her to be safe, but be honest, will she be safer if Jody comes and yells at her, or if you go and actually train her and show her the harsh truth of hunting?" When Dean grumbled in resignation, Kevin added, "you know I'm right. Dean, have you ever dealt with a headstrong teenage hunter?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean let out a small sigh before fixing his brother with the most honest expression he had. "Because I didn't want you to look at me like that," he replied.
And, of course, it didn't end there. The stranger then pushed Lucifer behind him. No one does that. No one Lucifer had ever met, not even when he fought alongside his brothers centuries ago, had ever, EVER, pushed Lucifer behind themselves to protect him.
Dean paced the roof, now deep in thought. Could he do that? It would spare Sam and Cas the last four years, but would they want that? This is probably especially true if they wasted the last four years doing what Dean did not want them to do, which would be if they spent the last four years trying to find Dean and not moving on like he wanted them to do.
"Let me go!" Max shouted at the nurses, thrashing and fighting back with every last bit of quickly dying strength. "I have to go back! I can't… I have to tell them… the bunker… where's the bunker…?" Max's eyelids started flickering, and all of the energy he put into his panic had now died completely.
The Lucifer he was used to was evil, vile, wicked, and cruel, using fear and intimidation and hate. And though all he had seen of this Lucifer was kindness up until now, it was when Lucifer snapped that finally let Dean view him as someone new, a new Lucifer that he didn't know.
"Okay, whatever."
But something was off about Luc ever since they got home. Even before they defeated Chuck it was obvious. And now? Dean had been expecting Luc to want to go home. To his home.
The door above the stairs creaked open, and for the first time, Mia saw the man from the picture. Sam Winchester, standing at the top of the stairs, staring down at his brother. He was alone, but Mia assumed that Cas wasn't far behind.
Trinity nodded. “He was a bit more beaten up, but that’s him,” she confirmed, which was honestly a bit relieving.
"Wasn't this her idea?" Sam reminded them, wanting a normal explanation for all of this and just wanting to ring the doorbell and eat a home-cooked meal.
Dean had to think. When would be a good time to have met some random hunter but not tell Sam about it, or have the two ever met? He and his brother had certainly spent their share of time apart, but he couldn't pinpoint any specific time, and he knew that would be his downfall.
"Which means…"
"Kev?"
“You… you can send me back, can’t you?”
"I know he's alive," Rowena supplied confidently with a glimmer in her eye. "I know that he's from another world, a world you came from. And I know he's here, and that he wouldn't like what you've done. I mean, I can't be the only one in this room who wishes for our Lord of Darkness to take over again," she said, clearly trying to get all of the demons' loyalties as she looked around nonchalantly.
He was vaguely aware of the three companions that had come here with him, by his side as they had been for the last six years. A familiar and sturdy arm reached through the numbness as it wrapped around his shoulders supportively and carried with it that relief and exhaustion that had knocked him to the ground in the first place. With one hand, he grabbed onto the hand and wrist of the arm around him, trying to ease the concern that came with it.
Though Kevin didn't own a particularly strong constitution, he felt he had some kind of moral obligation to help Dean, Lucifer and Mia should they ever call on him, and the one thing he actually wanted to do was something he could never do.
"Literally no one is mad at you," Mia said, exasperated.
For once, Sam's frustrated demeanor softened. "Why not?"
Mia snatched it from him without asking and stared at it closely. “It’s got to be one of these!” she announced excitedly. “Where’s the box?”
Dean felt a pit in his stomach. He was relieved that Max was safe, but it wasn't a good sign that Chuck wanted him to be here. Right now, it was looking like Dean, with a broken leg, was lured and then trapped into an alternate world by God himself, a God who had promised to get revenge on the Winchesters.
Cas cocked his head slightly, and Dean thought he might crash the car, being overwhelmed by how adorable and perfect and… Cas that move had become. "What did you think about?" The angel asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean, I think you should keep the box hidden here, in the bunker, in case something goes wrong," Lucifer reasoned. "I don't trust this… quiet."
But, did this world have a Sam and Dean? Did it even have a bunker? All he currently knew about it was that it had endless wheat fields.
Dean gulped. "Luc...Lucifer didn't do any of the things Chuck said he did, but he locked him in the cage, so it could fit into his perfect little narrative. Michael learned the truth, and he let him out, but Chuck killed him anyway."
Cas sighed, resigned. "Yeah, but he's home, Sam."
“Fine,” Cas said, defeated. “Maybe I’m a bit more… obvious than I mean to be.”
"I can't exactly go home," she reasoned. "I know what I've done, and right now it's obvious that I've been defeated and cornered. Better that than death."
"They're my life. We're hunters in my world." He eyed the image of Cas with a playful smirk. "Mostly."
Dean raised his glass of wine in the air along with Jody's, just happy to be back in such a kind atmosphere. "Hear hear!" He added jokingly.
Then Castiel remembered what Dean told him on the first phone call, early that morning when Cas first discovered he had left. Dean said he was going to see Mia. He hadn’t even contemplated the fact that it must have been a lie if Mia was here right now, unaware that the accident had even happened since she hadn’t seen Dean since she left Jody’s.
"What do you mean by 'they're closing in'?" Dean grumbled into the mug of coffee he lifted to his lips. The slight tremble in Luc's voice was enough to startle him, but he figured that it was something he could deal with once he understood what was going on.
Kevin was facing a lot of his fears today, spiral staircases, driving at night, so long as there were no aliens or ladders around, he figured he’d make it through. Dean always did say it was healthy to face your fears every once in a while.
Kevin sighed, turning so his back was to the table, his elbows resting on it as the table as it sat behind him now, leaning back to rest on his elbows. “Honestly, Luc, yeah. I think you did the right thing. If we went back and you flew us right next to the Ma’lak box, I still don’t think we could get the keyring inside of it fast enough to beat Ruth coming in and killing everyone she is capable of killing. Sure, we’ll need to see her again to break that lance and heal Raphael, but doing it now wouldn’t do any good.”
"Okay, so what's our plan?" She decided to settle on the query rather than any other touchy subject. "You've been gone for a day with no contact. You didn't leave a note, and your phone was completely inaccessible."
She blinked at him, stunned and unable to say a word. Dean just waited patiently for any kind of reaction to gage where they stood now that he said it.
"And I will get it back soon. I promise that I will be fine." Raphael calmed his brother by placing his hands on his forearms. "Everything will be fine, Lucifer. And when this is over, we will be together. As we should have been for the past couple of centuries. I promise," Raphael's stony exterior was cracked by a comforting smile.
"Dean?"
Dean smiled. "I'm just glad I did," he joked, motioning to his leg. "I can't believe I let myself stay like that for three days." He hesitantly glanced into the angel's eyes. "Sorry about… all of that. I would say I wasn't thinking clearly, but I think that brain fog actually made me a lot nicer to you than I would have been if we had met on… better terms, I suppose?"
Kevin watched carefully as the crowd of demons parted and revealed the woman, sitting cross legged on the throne, holding onto a long, thin weapon that was balanced on the floor.
It came down to this. Six years came down to this. Ruth on Chuck's side and Lucifer on humanity's. Ruth was determined, tactful, and brilliant. Not to mention she had a weapon that could kill Lucifer, and a room full of people that Lucifer could get distracted trying to protect.
They started off the roof together in silence, drinking their coffee. After a while, Kevin stood up and took Lucifer's mug silently before turning to the door that led inside.
Lucifer shrugged sadly. "Maybe. My best guess is that she somehow found out that we figured out Michael's key, considering she attacked us the same damn day."
"I'm sorry," Lucifer finally said after the long silence that followed Raphael's declaration. "What do you mean by 'we can end this apocalypse'?"
Raphael ignored him, instead smiling gently into the camera. "Happy birthday, Amelia. I hope you are having a lovely time with your father."
Dean didn't like that Kevin was so worried. Kevin shouldn't have this kind of thing on his shoulders, but he realized that Lucifer couldn't be the only one, so someone had to step up. Lucifer may love humanity, but he wasn't sure if he completely understood it yet, and he was just one being, however powerful that being may be.
