Dean didn't pay attention to the movie, and when Cas came back three days later he met him in the garage. "I've been a coward," he said.
He looks great, really, especially considering how short notice this whole thing was. He's in that blue checkered shirt that makes his eyes look especially vivid, and he didn't have time to shave that five o'clock shadow he gets now he's human. If tonight goes like she plans, she'll get to feel it burn on her thighs.
Before he drove back to the motel, he got himself some celebratory pie at the diner. What the hell? He had the money for it, right?
He’s crying now, not even bothering to hide it. “I thought I was out, I honestly thought I was out. When I heard Dad’s voice I - but there was nothing. I got less than a month left on this Earth, and I thought I was resigned to that, but - oh, fuck, hope sucks, okay? Just strike me from existence already, that would be better for all of us. Fuck this.
"No!" More tears. Sam didn't seem to care, but Dean was feeling worse and worse. "Dead means she's not
"Thanks, Dean," Eileen says, after a moment. "It means a lot that you would tell us." She nudges Sam.
"I suppose because I chose to be. Both in a very real way, when I chose Jimmy as my vessel, and more abstractly. In choosing to be human - not just the last time I fell, but every time I chose to face my emotions instead of Heaven - I chose all parts of humanity. For me that includes gender: being a man." A beat. "Dean. Can I ask why you want to know?"
Castiel rustles his hair like a wind. (I will anyway,) he says, but Dean Winchester does not hear him. His soul has Hell’s mark on it. (I’ll never leave you.)
He would have known the instant Sam was dead even if he weren’t watching it happen, because he feels Dean Winchester’s heart snap in two. He watches from the trees as Dean Winchester falls to his knees and sobs and rages and pounds his fists on the ground. He sends a tendril of himself down, to wrap around Dean Winchester and bring him a little bit of light. Dean Winchester gives his tree a knowing look.
, this is the first time he's called her that on a girl day. "Yeah," she says, and her voice is a little wet already. Dammit, she hoped she wouldn't cry. "I don't want to change my name or anything, but there are some days when I'm a woman. I just... wanted to let you guys know."
Dean gives a tired grin and kisses another one of the cuts on Castiel’s face. He kisses down the arc of his cheekbone, and then along his neck.
She is. "My exact words, Sam, were 'not last I checked.' And I'm laughing because when you asked me, I
He went to a diner two towns away, parked, and walked the three blocks from there to the truck stop, where he lounged against a wall and settled in to wait. He was in a worn-thin t-shirt under his flannel, stretched around the neck from too many washes in cheap laundromats. He held his bottom lip between his teeth and eyed up the men - and occasional woman - who walked in and out of the rotating doors. He didn't have to wait long.
His superiors form a barrier in front of him as the flames catch at the edge of Mary’s nightgown, even as he writhes and thrashes against them. (This isn’t fair!) he cries. (This isn’t fair! Let her go! This doesn’t need to happen!)
Dean shifts uncomfortably. "I want - a dress," he says, and it's like this great pressure valve has been released in him. "I want dresses and skirts and for you to call me 'pretty' sometimes. I want to be pretty sometimes. I don't want to change my name but I want to be your girl. I want to grow out my hair, not much, but enough that I can put beautiful things in it. I want to be 'she' sometimes."
Jack’s been coming around more often, though, since he rescued Cas and let the rest of the god power go. He crashed hard, after - there was a terrible hour or so where they thought he might not make it at all - but now that he’s got his feet back under him he’s as sunny as ever. Hell, more than.
"Okay." Sam smiled at him and turned back to his fruit loops, and that was that. Two nights later Dean put on one of John's big flannels and a generous amount of Mollie's waxy lipstick. He pet Sam's hair while he fell asleep and sang to him and didn't cry at all.
He hugged Cas tight, whispered an, "I'm so glad you're back, man," into his neck, and proceeded on his way. Cowardly? Fuck yes. This was as close to a sure thing as he was ever gonna get: Cas not only loved him, but had
Cas lifts an arm and Dean snuggles under it. Cas starts tracing patterns on his back through the cloth. “You really believe all that?” Dean asks.
When he is almost four, Dean Winchester trips on the steps leading up to his friend Beth’s house. He hits his knee against the edge of the concrete porch, and it starts gushing blood the same moment he starts gushing tears. Mary Winchester, who is dropping her son off for a playdate, bends over to help him up. She props him on her hip, using her pregnant belly as a kind of seat as she wipes the blood from his knee.
Well, a 78%, which would be a C plus, except stupid high school number 18 doesn’t use pluses or minuses. (Dean really misses that high school in Maine where A was an 80%.) Dean has done really well with keeping his grades up despite all the moving around they do, but here he is with a C on a freaking government quiz. It’s not his fault high school 17 taught world government and not American government, is it?
He sinks further down in his seat. “Maybe.” He didn’t forget, he just simply didn’t have time. He had to help Sam with his math homework, and then he needed to make John dinner and tuck the both of them into bed. It was cram for the test or grab a few extra hours of sleep, and what, Dean thought he’d do fine. He does. Usually. Or he did. When he actually knew the material.
After a long, precious moment, Castiel steps back, though he doesn’t let go of Dean’s hands. He smiles again, sees it wrap Dean in warmth and comfort the way it always has.
So he cared. He just didn't care in a way that expected Dean to care back. He said it to Jack and Sam too, as though this most recent death seemed to have unlocked something in him. Whatever thing inside of him had stopped him from speaking about his love - whatever Winchester-ness had rubbed off on him, Dean reflected ruefully - was just... gone.
Well, she might. But she'll get a hell of a lot of questions, too, and she'd rather get those out of the way first. Cas is still smiling at her. She smiles back at him. All those years pushing everything she felt under every rock she could find, and here she is now. Take that, Chuck. "Guys," she says, "I'm genderfluid."
He can’t see the star, his star, but he knows it’s somewhere to his left. “God, there are all those books and movies about how people act when they know they’re gonna die. They go to Paris, have great sex, write a book. All the things they wish they’d already done in life. What am I doing? Brooding at a star. God. I’m useless.” He doesn’t say it aloud, but the thought crosses his mind -
He ganked that ghost before it hurt anyone else. He got to know Brian the bartender a little better, and even meet Ariel, and save both their lives. That's never the part of the hunt he remembered, though. No, he remembered that first night, and watching people be happy.
When Sam was three and a half, thin as a whip and twice as smart, he narrowed his eyes at Dean over the shitty formica table in the motel kitchenette. “Dean,” he said, “are you my mom?”
He would not be going to work like this, he thought. He began hobbling back towards Reynard’s hoping no pedestrian would happen upon him is this dreadful state. Not only was he bloody, scuffed, and drenched in the scent of garbage, but he was angry. He’d allowed himself to be caught off guard, and by Rigby and Kennedy. He’d known they were coming after him, and he shouldn’t have expected to be safe just because it was outside of school hours. In fact, they’d been cleverer than he’d expected and avoided possible expulsion by attacking him off school grounds. He shuffled along, cursing them and his own stupidity as he pressed one hand to his cheek to stop the flow of blood.
“It’s unlikely.” Cas nodded. “I think it would probably be wiser for me to meet Lucifer on my own and find out what he wants before informing Gabriel of his presence.”
“Go get ‘em, tiger.” Dean winked, shovelling another fork-load into his mouth. Cas was momentarily distracted by a stray crumb clinging to the delicate edge of Dean’s full bottom lip. A sharp elbow in his back from Gabriel drew his attention back to the matter at hand.
felt something like that before.” Cas admitted. “Normally I don’t rely on only my vessel’s eyes to tell me what is going on around me. I have senses humans don’t that allow me to recognise many creatures before you would be able to. That… thing, was something new, something I’ve never encountered before.”
“Who the hell is Cooter Brown?” Dean laughed, watching Ash try desperately not to topple out of his chair by gripping the table. His knuckles were white by the time he stabilized and he was still listing pretty far to the left.
Nikki’s eyes were going to actually roll across the floor any second. “Angels?” she breathed. “Like, actual angels?”
“And I’m sure you’re aware that you’re full of shit.” Gabriel shrugged at Cas and grinned. “Intimidating a witness will add beautifully to the list of charges Lucifer sent over, don’t you think?”
Sam sighed. “You want to see him, Cas.” He said, not an ounce of doubt in his voice. “We can all see it. He’s your brother. If you came halfway across the country to see him wouldn’t you at least want him to hear you out?”
“I learned from you, and my mother, and Castiel that when people have to be their best, they can be. And that’s what to believe in,” he says.
It’s raining again the next day, and raining pretty damn hard at that, which makes for a busy day at the garage what with people slipping off the road or wanting their wipers fixed. Bobby is even more grumbly than usual, but Dean appreciates having a steady stream of work to focus on. He’s almost having a good day when a familiar car comes in.
{from Dean to Cas} pretty good over here too Charlie is over and she’s making me watch those creepy clay puppet movies
“Holy shit! Hey, Miracle. Wow. Thanks, Jack.” He kneels down, and Cas eagerly accepts the hug, then learns that he’s got some dog instincts on top of his regular consciousness when he automatically nuzzles Dean’s face and licks a big wet stripe up his cheek. Dean huffs a laugh, but Cas knows that this will be extremely awkward for both of them if he ever gets changed back.
“No, not really. It just kind of fucked me over, you know? I hadn’t seen her since we broke up, and then all of a sudden there she was, and it reminded me of everything. And she’s got a boyfriend now, some impressive doctor guy, and it kind of hurt even though I’ve got no right to be upset about anything she does.”
“Oh, uh… you’re welcome?” Dean very deliberately avoids looking at Sam, who is translating for Eileen with raised eyebrows.
“Of course. We can drop you off on the way. If that’s all right with you? I can understand not wanting to get in a car with a stranger, it just seemed more efficient.”
It’s true, and it’s a good thought, but Dean’s voice is hollow, and Sam clearly hears it too. “Sure, that’s a nice way to think about it, I guess,” he says cautiously.
“Yeah, Sammy, I promise I’ll be careful,” he says into the phone. “Bobby said he might let us out early if it gets really bad, but it isn’t even snowing right now.”
“Hey, Cas. Castiel,” says Dean hoarsely. Cas jolts, shocked to hear Dean address him – has he somehow realized the dog is him? – but no, of course not, how would he? And he hasn’t even noticed he’s here. He’s… praying? Dean continues, “I don’t know if you can hear me. Probably not. I doubt the Empty is really set up to let prayer through. But if there’s even a chance, I have to… I have to try to talk to you, man. Uh. Not that I really know what to say. I mean, I know there are a lot of things I need to say to you, but I’d really rather say them, you know,
The bus pulls up to Dean’s stop and Cas promises to text him with details about time, location, and dress code, and Dean in turn assures him he’ll ask Sam. They say their goodbyes and Dean spends the rest of the day wondering what he’s signed himself up for.
“Well, you could have talked to him to maybe find out. It sounds like he made an impression on you, so if he’s on the bus again next week you should totally ask him out.”
At least he’s out of the Empty. This time he truly was asleep, so his recollections are very fuzzy, and he has no idea how long he was there, but he knows that he spent time doing nothing but drift between vague dreams; it was like he was stuck in that odd sliver of consciousness between peace and nightmare. He has had worse experiences, but that does not mean he wants that to be his eternity. He is glad to be back on Earth, even if it ends up being temporary.
Dean, never one to be cowed by heavenly authority, scoffs and says, “Who cares what we call him? Look, all that matters is that he got us back online.” There’s a distinct tone of pride there, and Cas supposes this means that Jack is finally redeemed in Dean’s eyes, which is a good thing.
Cas swallows down the wave of nausea sparked by the thought of all of humanity wiped out and growls, “What is the point of this?”
From some people, that might be some kind of line, but Dean knows from the earnest look in Cas’s eyes that he genuinely wants to help Dean, and he smiles.
Cas introduces Hannah. The group chats for a few minutes, until Gabriel gets bored and wanders off. They see him talking to a sandy-haired man who Cas says is Balthazar.
“Hey, no, c’mon, Jo, I’m fine. You can’t help the timing. And Lisa and I hadn’t really been happy for a while anyway, I should be getting over it. Besides, it’s only fair, you had to deal with me moping around, now it’s my turn to deal with you.”
“Our families are very different, I think. Gabriel has no shame and no boundaries. I love my brother, but it can be frustrating.”
“Oh, Castiel, Castiel, I love that you think you have a choice. And don’t worry, they won’t even know it’s you. But
The week is busy. People come in whose cars died over the three days when the garage was closed, and other people crash their cars as soon as there’s a thin layer of ice. Cas isn’t on the bus on Thursday because he has to prepare for his family’s big party, and okay, maybe Dean misses him a little. They text back and forth every day, though, and it makes Dean’s exhausting week a little better. Charlie can shut up about him having a special happy face when Cas texts, because that is obviously blatantly false, that would be embarrassing, but. Maybe he does smile a little when he hears the phone vibrate.
“Ah. You mentioned your brother but not – and not that this is any of my business, especially since this is really only the second time we’ve talked – not your parents or any other family?”
Dean has been doing something on his phone, and after a few minutes Cas hears a ringing like he’s making a phone call. There’s no answer, and Dean swears softly and redials. No answer, redial, no answer.
“All the time. I’ve told her to stop like ten times but she kept insisting I read them so I gave in and some of them are actually decent.”
“Dean,” he says, or tries to, though it translates as a whimper. He lifts a paw and sets it heavily on his shoulder, which just makes Dean shudder.
“What, like allosexual? Yeah, I mean, I’ve been doing some research ever since you came out. I wanted to be sure I didn’t fuck up when I was talking to you.”
make me happy. I like you too, and I would like nothing more than to go to dinner with you. I would love to try a relationship with you.”
“Haha, very funny,” Dean says, throwing a napkin at Sam, who just laughs and dodges. “I don’t know, man, like I said, it’s only been a few weeks. We talk about ourselves. Jobs, family, shit like that.”
He squeezes his hand once before removing it, and Dean nods his goodbye and heads off to work, where he is distracted for his entire shift, and not just by thoughts of Lisa.
He licks a tear off of Dean’s face, which feels like a good idea until he’s doing it, and Dean splutters, “Gross, dude,” but it succeeds in lightening the mood just enough for Sam to smile a little and Dean to sigh and say, “Let’s just go home.”
“Dean, listen. My brother has been talking about you for months. And at first I thought it was just nice that he had a friend, but then I saw how deeply you were affecting him. I’ve never seen him smile so much. Cas is full of love. He loves his siblings, his house, his ugly car, his job, the bees, the way the sky looks right after a storm, books, Earth, space, fish, the human race. He deeply, honestly loves almost everything he sees to some capacity, and that’s something that makes him incredibly special. But the general sense of wonder he displays and the wonder I see in him when he talks about you are very different. He said he came out to you, and that’s a big deal for him. It took him years to feel like he could tell
“Well, for one thing, I’m genuinely interested in both the subject and education. I find humanity incredibly interesting, and I love having the chance to learn from my students. Also, I wanted to break free of my family and I knew this would be a foolproof way of pissing them off.”
depending on the other person and my mood, but I don’t want it to ever be expected of me, and I have no interest in explaining that to strangers.”
this. But you know what? I really don’t care anymore. I kind of love it. I think it’s… poetic. It doesn’t hurt that it upset the Winchesters.”
“They aren’t bad, exactly, they just have certain ideas of how the family should run and how we should carry out our lives and I happen to disagree with some of those ideas at times.”
A cruel smile. “Well, you’ve always kind of been the Winchesters’ little pet, haven’t you?” Before Cas can try to dispute that, Chuck snaps his fingers, and Cas gasps as he is overtaken by an indescribable, borderline painful sensation that rips through his body and seems to make the world around him shift; it’s not like anything he’s ever experienced, really, but it’s not entirely distant from how it felt the first time he poured his true self into a vessel.
“I hadn’t noticed what was wrong until you pointed it out to me. I have been very busy, cleaning up Chuck’s messes.”
Castiel laughs. “Still both obnoxious and giant, although that’s not quite how I would have phrased it.”
But maybe Dean has always been good at lying to himself, and at avoiding thinking about important things until someone forces him to.
Dean feels like he’s on fire. He’s obviously considered the possibility that Cas likes him back. After Charlie and Jo met him and after certain texts and sometimes when he smiles at him on the bus and in the middle of the night when he can’t sleep, the thought crossed his mind. But he’s never really dared to
god. He was like an inch or two shorter than me, and he had brown hair and blue eyes, and he had a trenchcoat.”
“I have one more use for you. You’re going to give them one last shred of hope and joy, and then I’m going to rip it away. You inspired me, actually, so thanks for that.”
Chuck ignores him, and goes on a rant explaining that his final plan for Dean, Sam, and Jack is leaving them alone and miserable. It’s a terrible thought, and his rhetorical style is about as good as his writing, so Cas tunes him out for a minute.
Dean is dry. A bright yellow umbrella is open wide above him, held in place by two clasped hands, one his and one Cas’s.
“You know, he used to do that, too?” He drags a hand over his face, then jolts his expression back to looking less vulnerable when Sam comes back over. “Hey.”
“I wish. He says he’ll stop one if I accept the other, which is beyond irritating. I think it’s reasonable to want my own living space to be respected.”
Texting back and forth almost every day doesn’t make him feel grounded for the first time in years. He doesn’t smile broadly every time he sees Cas’s name pop up on his screen followed by emojis.
After a brief, heart-stopping moment that seems to last forever, Dean reels back, gasping. He bumps into someone behind him, and he’s instantly hyper-aware of all the people around them; all the people who could be seeing this play out. He wants to blend into the crowd, but as he’s jostled into a few people he realizes that won’t work. He can feel Cas staring at him, but he avoids eye contact, looking intently at a random spot on the wall, the dirty ripped ads and colorful dated seats suddenly riveting, as he starts babbling words that sound vaguely like swears.
“Huh,” says Dean after an echoing silence. “Should we maybe have asked him some other questions before he left?”
He doesn’t say anything, but he mulls over what Charlie said. He thinks about it as they watch Game of Thrones, and he thinks about it as he locks the door after she leaves, and he thinks about it as he brushes his teeth, and he thinks about it as he lies in bed.
“That’s not true, Mark.” Raphael said smoothly, regaining a little composure. “The faggot needs to learn how the world really works. Someone needs to teach him a lesson.”
. Cas released his grip on Dean’s head with one hand to slid tingling fingers up the back of Dean’s shirt. Smooth skin, warm muscle.
“No wonder you talk about him the way you do.” Sam smiled sadly, echoing Cas’s words from the Roadhouse.
Dean had bundled him into the passenger’s seat of the impala, stuffing Crowley back in the trunk almost as an afterthought, and driven back to the bunker at 100mph. Kevin had helped him carry Sam through to his bedroom but flat-out refused to be anywhere near Crowley. Dean had had to drag the scruffy maybe-not-a-demon-anymore down to the dungeon all by himself. Crowley hadn’t made a peep the whole time, hadn’t spoken a word since Dean chained him back in the chair in the middle of the big devil’s trap.
He was with a group of friends - Sam usually was - and Dean was pleased to realize he didn’t recognize any of them. He’d been a bit worried - okay, he’d been a frigging wreck - about sending Sam back to this school with all that had happened last year, but Sam had insisted he could do it. And despite Dean’s mother-hen-on-steroids instincts he couldn’t really deny Sam anything when he got that
“I told you not to approach it.” Cas barked, shooting Dean a stern glare. Dean didn’t have the presence of mind to look ashamed.
“Castiel,” Chuck nodded and turned to face him fully, “I’m glad you came right to me with this so I could deal with it straight away. I’m very sorry this happened to you. I hope you see that we will not tolerate this type of behavior and that you still feel this school is a place where you can be safe and learn in peace.”
“You aren’t gonna say yes, right?” he asked quietly, forcing himself not to look away. Cas’s face was blank. Like, blank blank. RoboCas blank. For a moment Dean couldn’t read him at all, and it scared the hell out of him.
Sam stood almost perfectly still, the only movement the flexing of his fingers on the edge of his helmet. His cross dangled from his other hand, resting against his knee as he stared out across the field.
He was skinny, his cheekbones thrust out and pulling his sallow skin tight. Old, too, maybe sixty-five and completely bald. He didn’t even have eyebrows. Dressed in shabby clothes and struggling to breathe he hung limply in Cas’s grasp.
Crowley shrugged. “Can’t get close enough for a polaroid but there are definitely two little human souls buzzing away in there. Unless you’ve got a long-lost cousin or something that somehow switched places with the Moose, you’re not dealing with Lucy or any of his vessels.”
“What Caleb is trying to say,” Finnerman interrupted with a sickly smile, “is that your brother has caused an outrageous amount of trouble for our sons. We’d like to talk to you about resolving the situation.”
Dean nodded. “And I kind of… I don’t know. I was back there. Panicking. And then you didn’t come in for your shift and I went to find you. I was telling myself you were fine, it was dumb to be freaking out. And then…”
Dean shrugged. “I’ve got no idea.” He growled. “But wherever he is he’s not doing great. He looks like crap.”
Dean hadn’t really been able to argue with either point so they’d all packed into the impala and hit the road for Canada.
Dean hid his blush with a snort. “Oh do I?” he asked and climbed out of the car. From anyone else it would have been a playful hint at how good Dean had it being with them, but from Cas it was just an observation.
“That’s either chicken stock or cheddar sticks.” He said, tilting his head as if hoping that would unscramble Ellen’s cramped handwriting.
Cas sighed, dropping his head closer to Dean’s chest. “I went to find a bathroom at the party but when I got there it was full of smoke.”
Without hesitation Cas reached down and grasp Dean’s ass, jerking his hips down as he ground his own upward. He got a shocked gasping groan for it as Dean struggled not to fall on top of him and he laughed.
He arrived in a sleek silver rental car, his black wool coat as striking as ever as it swirled around his calves. Castiel watched from the window as his brother crossed the street below, terror and elation dancing behind his ribs. Lucifer stopped on the pavement, staring up at the sign for Reynard’s with a blank expression. Even from the floor above Cas could see his pinkie wiggling madly. Grabbing his shoes and shoving them on his feet Cas took the stairs three at a time. He burst through the door onto the sidewalk, skidding to a stop.
“Why not?” asked Dean. “You built me a new body after” he glanced at Ben, “… that.” Hell was definitely something he was hoping Lisa hadn’t mentioned in whatever she’d told the kid.
“Subtlety I’ll own up to but tell me this, Gabriel, have I ever been stupid?” Lucifer demanded, a hint of steel in his voice. “Father’s money couldn’t keep a fifteen-year-old delinquent under his rule, what makes you think I would be dumb enough to assume it has any greater appeal to you now?”
He gathered up his school things and headed down to the bakery, still with time before Jo would swing by to pick him up. Gabriel was working behind the counter and Cas slipped in behind, taking over the long list of coffee orders stuck to the cappuccino machine.
“Right.” Dean squirmed. How the hell did he explain this? “Well, you know I told you about… Sam?” Lisa’s eyes immediately softened, her hand reaching out to grasp his knee. She nodded, her other arm reaching almost unconsciously for Ben. “Well, he showed up at Ben’s soccer game today.”
“Dean.” Cas repeated more firmly. “Please. It’s alright.” He slipped around to Dean’s side, touching his clenched fist gently. Dean glanced at him, relieved to see that some of the fear had melted off his face. He still looked a little shaken but that blank calm had returned a little. Dean let his breath explode from his nose as he consciously tried to loosen his aggressive stance.
“You can’t just let her out!” Dean cried. Were they both insane? They’d thrown her in there because they needed to figure out what those two had planned and how to stop it.
“You saw?” Cas pulled back, his head spinning as he tried to keep the conversation running alongside the unbearably interesting things Dean was doing to him. “I mean, does everyone see it?” Lucifer had hardly said a word to Dean after they’d come inside, choosing instead to ignore him unless Dean asked him a direct question. Even then he’d kept to short, one-word answers and refused to engage any further. Dean had given up fairly quickly, content to let Sam lead the civilities but Cas had seen him watching Lucifer. Cas wasn’t sure what his brother was playing at but he knew it set his teeth on edge.
“The Chavelle is almost ready to be picked up tomorrow.” He said and Dean’s brain tripped over itself.
“I had noticed that, yes.” Castiel agreed with a sigh, rubbing absently at the faint bruise under his collar. “It’s a shame. She seems a pleasant enough girl.”
“Then what’s goin’ on with you, boy?” Benny demanded. “You been having a hissy fit with a tail on it for near a week and a half.”
I hope that through the writing here I have not reflected the power imbalance that I think comes along with many relationships crossing that age boundary. Think of who you were at 17 and who you were at 21. For me and for most people, that is going to be a dramatic difference. If you’re younger than that right now reading this (shame shame, heed the ratings, people!) think of the difference between you at 10 and you at 13. Those were two very different people capable of dealing with two very different sets of responsibilities and emotions, right? And while it’s easy to say looking at my characters “but Cas is so mature”, I think that’s a dangerous trail to tread. I hope very much that the relationship I’ve written here does not reflect the manipulation and emotional imbalances that can come with a lot of relationships crossing that particular age gap.
Gabriel chucked the envelope down and it skidded across the island, coming to a stop dangling precariously over the edge nearest Castiel. “I make
Sam was looking back and forth between them, his eyebrows crawling up his face. “You two ok?” he asked, clearly noticing Cas’s extra-stiff posture and Dean’s guilty fidgeting.
Cas chuckled. “Better even than I expected, apparently.” He tipped his hips up against Dean’s stomach again, a reminder. Dean laughed with him. God, that Cas could laugh right now, that Dean could
“It’s Gabriel’s.” Cas explained. “He buys them almost every time he goes shopping but he never drinks them so I don’t think he’ll mind.”
“Everything appears to be correct.” Cas nodded, satisfaction clear in his voice. “Still, I will check the perimeter of the property.”
"It's salt and pepper," he said. Well, it was a white mini dress with a black S on it and a black mini dress with a white P on it, and two flimsy cardboard hats painted silver to look like lids.
She was quiet for a long moment. "You know," she said at length, "your dad and I talked about trying for another baby, when Sam got a bit older. We thought maybe a sister would be nice for you boys."
"Dude." Does he really believe that? Dean laughs. "Only, like, two of your friends have ever even met me. They didn't do this for me. They did it because they love you, and they know you love me. Your love is so big it spills over, Jack. That's pretty cool."
It was a ridiculous thing to fixate on. Cas and Bobby were dead. Sammy was well on his way. The world was on track for another fucking apocalypse already, not even a year after they'd stopped the last one, and there wasn't a single thing on God's green earth Dean could do to stop it, and there were ballet shoes in the back of the Impala.
Dean can’t help but shake his head at his retreating back. It’s been... a long, long time since someone called him ‘mom.’
Dean has to laugh. "Yeah, uh. Mine too." Give him a witch or a demon any day of the week. Hell, he almost misses fighting God. "No, I'm glad to have a word for it. Thank you. I just... what now?"
Cas didn't seem to care at all. No, that wasn't quite right. He cared: he cared all over the damn place. He must have meant it, 'happiness is the saying,' because he said it. By god (or, no, not god anymore - ), he said it. "I love you," when Dean passed him coffee in the morning, "I love you," when Dean left to get groceries, "I love you," over the corpse of a vampire who had been stringing up hikers in an isolated part of an Indiana forest.
“You’re going to look at me while I kill you, Cas. Dean is going to see the light bleed from your eyes.”
When Dean Winchester wakes up the next morning, there is cereal in the Lucky Charms box. It’s dry and tasteless, but it gets them through the next four days.
After decades of fighting both the demons of Hell and the demons inside Dean Winchester, Castiel finally finds his Righteous Man. In the time since Castiel has seen him last, his chin and nose have grown into a goat-like snout. Twelve horns of solid smoke rise from his head and down his neck in a crest to rival the proudest birds. His neck and limbs are much longer than they should be, and his too many teeth are sharpened like needles. He stands hunched over most of the time, knuckle walking like a gorilla.
Before the words are out of his mouth, Castiel has thrown the gun out of Dean Winchester’s hand and all the way across the room.
“Said as much when we had him trapped, and on that porno he left behind.” Dean agreed, smiling at Lisa’s confusion. “He was a good guy, in the end. For an angel, anyway.”
“My own brother.” Dean lamented woefully. “In the home of the greatest bacon cheeseburger known to man. And he orders… a veggie burger.” He dropped his face into his hands in mock despair.
“Let’s get this show on the road, Cas.” Dean sighed, wishing they had the time to just drive to Bobby’s.
Ganem sighed. “There were thousands of us. Headquarters in Milan, Alexandria, Cusco, Damascus, Hokkaido… even Ulaanbaatar. For centuries we gathered the secrets of our world, sought to understand. She wiped us out in four days.”
“Don’t worry, Dean. You’ve been a bit busy the past few years, haven’t you?” Dean grunted and Missouri laughed again. “Nicolette can be trusted, I promise, honey.”
Gabriel shrugged, refusing to see Castiel’s point as usual. “So? You’re still in school. You don’t need to be worrying about money.”
Dean winced and gave a noncommittal grunt. Kenny didn’t seem to notice Dean’s slowly tensing shoulders, the tightness around his eyes. There weren’t many Winchesters left these days. “Hey, was all the stuff true?” he asked curiously. “About you and angels and the Devil and all of that apocalyptic crap last year? I mean I saw the news and stuff but… you know hunters. They’re worse than fishermen.”
“It wasn’t like he pranced around in extra-light loafers or anything, singing show tunes and kissing boys on the playground.” Gabriel laughed mirthlessly. “Just the way he would look at people. The things he said, sometimes. He knew who he was then and so did I.”
“And you.” She agreed. “My brother made his choice between happiness and security. He clearly chose well.” And with that she swept out of the bar.
Cas dragged his arm across his forehead, wiping away the steam that had gathered as he stood over the row of chaffing dishes. A woman who might have been in her sixties stood across from him, gripping her plate in freshly-scrubbed hands. Cas offered her a soft smile and a healthy scoop of roasted vegetables, getting a weak nod in return. So many people here were quiet tonight, but Castiel could understand why. New Year’s Eve, a night of celebration for so many. It was supposed to be an evening spent with friends, marking the passing of the old and the start of something new. It was meant to be a night full of hope and laughter, of contemplations and resolution. Back east he would have been sharing a single glass of Luis Roederer with his brothers, perhaps listening as their father read aloud. They would be giving thanks for their many blessings, content in the comfort and solidarity that came with the Novak name. But for these people, hope seemed a little too far out of reach. Comfort and blessings were not readily enjoyed. New Year’s Eve in a soup kitchen was hardly a sign of great things to come.
Lucifer hung up without answering, leaving Cas to blink at his phone and wonder if he might have said something wrong. He couldn’t come up with anything and decided Lucifer was simply drawn into some important business and had switched back to work mode. This new warmth was still just that, after all: new.
“Not just now.” He said quietly, twisting his hands with the guilt of it. She was his sister, and he knew that beneath whatever else she was feeling she must be at least a little worried about him.
She was taller than she’d looked on the bridge, but not by much. Her dirty-blond head just about came up to Dean’s chin and her big brown eyes made her look almost like a cartoon character. She’d pulled her mess of curls back into a bun and her clothes were a confusing mix of athletic leggings and a green leather jacket, a white button-up stained with blood and running sneakers. “I’m Nikki. Sorry about the river spirit.” She said with a self-deprecating grimace. “She was a little more… enthusiastic than I realized.”
“Cas!” Dean whispered, glancing around to check if anyone had seen. The bus was pretty empty and it looked like Cas’s arrival had gone unnoticed by anyone else but Sam, who lounged across the two seats on the other side of the aisle.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Since when are you the touchy-feely type?” he demanded, probably a little ungenerously. Benny had always been a shoulder to lean on, especially this last year and a half. The way the big man raised a lazy eyebrow said he knew Dean was remembering just how many times he’d shown up half-drunk at Benny’s door ready to pour his pathetic heart out over all the shit with Sam.
Anna turned back to Cas, her eyes lingering on his scar for a moment. “That’s healing beautifully.” She said. “Even Richard would approve.” Her voice was strangely even as she spoke of her ex-husband and Cas smiled sadly.
They chatted a while longer until Anna wished him a happy birthday, told him he loved her, and said goodbye. He dropped back into his seat, tapping his phone against his chin thoughtfully. He was inexplicably tired from his day of doing practically nothing and looked to Dean. He was relaxed and happy, his hands flopped gracefully over the arms of his chair. He was so lovely, as luminous as the day Castiel had first seen him. Gabriel’s laughter echoed from the kitchen as Sam sipped quietly at his tea. He couldn’t have scripted a better birthday if he’d tried.
“I like the solar system just how it is, thanks.” Bobby snorted. He unlocked the door and swung it open, revealing the not-Sam kneeling near the cot that stood in the middle of the panic room, Gabriel curled in a ball on the concrete floor by his knees.
“I know that.” Sam said, looking Cas in the eye. His mouth was tight and determined. “But I want to tell you. I don’t want to hide from it. I
“Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus, omnis satanica potestas, omnis incursio infernalis adversarii-”
So I know it's been a few fairly heavy chapters in a row here. I'm hoping to get a bit fluffier before too much more sadness (I hate relentlessly depressing fics with no sunny spots) but I'm afraid it's not over yet. This is turning out to be a much, much longer piece than I originally thought and there's so much more I want to do with it, so thank you for sticking with me.
“Gabriel and our father never saw eye-to-eye.” He said aloud. It was as good a place to start as any, really. “He was always different, more full of life than the rest of my siblings put together. Several times over, in fact. They saw life as a ladder, a straight path to a single destination and any deviation was inconceivable.”
The bad news: after a death in the family and some major changes at work it looks like I’m not going to have time to do the full-on NaNoWriMo I thought I was this year. The good news: instead, I’ve decided to try and reach 25,000 new words on this never-ending fic during what’s left of November instead! It’s ambitious and probably not going to happen, but if I can get any significant amount of writing done in the next few weeks I will consider it a huge win. Your brilliant feedback is what keeps me going so if you want to help me reach this goal leave comments, kudos, and suggestions galore! As always, thanks for reading along with me!
“Take it you haven’t been sharing and caring, hu kid?” Bobby guessed, digging in the drawer of his desk for a bottle of scotch. Dean shook his head when the old hunter motioned towards a whiskey glass. He owed Lisa a mostly sober explanation, at least.
{from Cas to Dean} He’s been here for less than an hour and has already left his stuff all over my apartment and is now trying to convince me to let him set me up on dates
Cas takes his hand and squeezes tightly. Dean is dimly aware of the fact that they’re in the middle of the sidewalk still, with people walking around them and grumbling, but he can’t really bring himself to care. He can’t really focus on anything other than the warmth of Cas’s eyes and the firmness of his hand.
He shakes his head as he wipes flour off the counter. “I ended a two-year relationship literally a week ago. It’s not fair to this guy to ask him to be my rebound.”
After sobering up, the reality of how odd this is hits hard, and they all just stare at each other for a moment.
Awkward or not, sitting around talking with them does not bother him. It is nice to be able to use his voice, and he loves his friends. But he can see that Dean is restless, constantly shifting in his chair, but never looking away from Cas, like he needs to see him to be sure he’s still really there.
“Thanks. I really am pretty much over her, I just need a couple days to come to terms with seeing her again.”
She crosses the room to stand near the brothers. Cas and the Winchesters keep talking until Cas sighs and says that he should socialize with more of his family, and then they awkwardly follow him around the room.
Sam goes to get Jack – and Cas whines at the mixed emotions of wanting to see his son but not wanting to be used to hurt him. Cas lets Dean load him into the backseat and continue petting him, muttering about how he’s the best thing that’s happened in the last few days, and maybe his tail wags a little despite himself. It’s then that he suddenly feels himself rapidly start fading away, and he just barely gets a glimpse of Dean’s expression of horror before there is Nothing.
Dean shrugs and steps further into the room. He looks around to try to find Cas, but is intercepted by a shorter man with long hair who seems to appear out of nowhere.
“Not really,” she says. “I don’t know, there isn’t even really much to talk about. It wasn’t even that big a thing. It just wasn’t really working out and I think we both saw it coming for a while, but it’s still upsetting, you know?”
Dean groans, wipes his face with his hands. Cas is about to come offer someone to cuddle with, which Dean seems to enjoy though he probably would never use that word to describe it, but then he starts talking again.
. That’s not going to change because of – because of anything. Of course I care. Of course I was going to do whatever I could to get you back.” He glances downward, snorts when he sees the dog dishes by the foot of the bed. “Just a little embarrassed I didn’t realize you were already here. Should have known when you put your paw on my shoulder right after I tried calling you.”
Dean exchanges a look with Sam, who just shrugs. “Dean,” he says. “Winchester. And Sam. We were invited by Castiel.”
romantic orientation. If I was going to make a move I should have used my fucking words, but I don’t know how. I’ve always thought I was so smooth, picking people up in bars no problem, but now the one time it really matters and I don’t know what I’m doing. All I know is that I like you a lot, and I want to be with you all the time, and I want to go to dinner with you and try to work out some kind of relationship, but only if that’s what you want too.”
Dean holds him so tightly it almost hurts, but Cas cannot be bothered, too grateful for the proof that he is wanted. “Shit, Cas,” gasps Dean. “I can’t believe this.”
“Well, there was this hot guy on today, actually, but that’s the first time in months that there’s been anyone even remotely appealing. Usually it’s a bunch of people who are sketchy or too old or with their family or just not anyone I would be interested in.”
Or at least, that’s what Cas thinks until he wanders by Dean’s room one night about two weeks after his return and finds Dean sitting on the end of his bed, leaned over with his elbows on his knees, hands folded, head bowed, body shaking slightly like he’s been crying.
There’s a moment of adjustment, as Dean processes what’s happening and stops talking to kiss back and Cas tries to remember what he’s doing as it’s been a long time since he kissed anyone, but then they both melt into it, pulling each other close. Dean lets go of his hand so he can hold Cas’s face in both hands, sliding one around into his hair, and Cas’s arms go around Dean’s back. Their chests press together; Cas thinks, fancifully, that he can feel Dean’s heartbeat racing through his own blood.
“Not really,” he admits. “I mean, I’m pretty sure I learned something about asexual plants in one of the schools I went to, but I have a feeling you’re going to tell me that’s completely different.”
This week it’s raining, because his life hates him. He stands on the sidewalk by the bus stop, his hands in his pockets, and sighs heavily. He glares at the clouds above him. He’s going to be soaked when he gets to work, and Bobby hates it when people bring mud and water into the shop.
“Yeah. Well, at least he got what he wanted, right? We’re alive, Billy’s gone, Chuck’s out of commission, Jack saved the world. Nice for someone’s sacrifice to finally be worth something.”
She comes over to curl up next to him on the couch and rests her head on his shoulder. “I broke up with Seth,” she mumbles.
By the time he boards the bus on Thursday, Sam is asking him what’s gotten into him, and it must be pretty obvious because Cas starts shooting him concerned looks as soon as he sits down.
When Cas forces himself to make eye contact, Dean looks… well, he looks like he’s trying to process the fact that God has just changed his dog into his dead friend.
“Right.” Dean nods a little shakily, takes a breath, and says, “I love you too. Cas, I’m saying I love you too. You make me a better version of myself, and I’m always fucking miserable when you’re not here, and you make me feel things I’ve never felt, and want things I never thought I could have, and –”
“Oh!” Dean scrambles to get his phone out of his pocket and pass it over. Their fingers brush and Dean blushes even more, which is stupid as hell. This is not weird, he tells himself, he and Cas are friends and it’s normal for friends to have each other’s phone numbers, but he still can’t make himself meet Cas’s eyes.
“I know. I was just going to offer to share a cab if we were going the same direction. And it’s Castiel.”
Cas looks considering at that. “That would make sense, actually,” he muses. “That would also explain why Balthazar was so hard to find.”
“Yeah, he is. And I think you seem like a good guy too. You would be good for each other, so you should do something about it. You both deserve happiness.”
As he hangs up the phone, it occurs to Dean that he’s been waiting for the bus for a while, and that no one else is there. Just as he thinks this, he hears someone call his name.
After a while, there’s a pause in the conversation, and Dean touches his arm very lightly and asks quietly, “Hey, can we talk?” They have been talking, but Cas knows what he means, and nods.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. He doesn’t really get how someone who doesn’t feel sexual attraction can have sex, but he feels like if he says something he’ll just come across as an asshole. He
“Well, I doubt you’ll like most of them, but I’m sure it will be an interesting experience for you if nothing else. Thank you so much, Dean.”
Inevitably, Dean has to stop to breathe, but he doesn’t go far, dropping his head onto Cas’s shoulder.
The first thing Cas sees when he opens his eyes is a wide blue sky, bright and pale and nothing like the Empty. The second thing he sees, when he lowers his gaze, is the face of God.
{from Cas to Dean} I think this has been the longest we’ve gone without seeing each other on the bus since we met
Sam nods, grinning, and wanders off to answer the video call somewhere a little more private, and once he’s alone, Dean finally notices that there’s a dog staring up at him.
Sam asks about Amara, who Jack explains is living in harmony with him, which makes Cas wonder again what they’ve done to Chuck. Then Jack tells them, to Dean’s surprise, that he’s not coming back to the bunker, that from now on his “home” will be everywhere, in everything, the rain, the dust, everyone’s hearts. He will be a part of everyone in his world, but he will not be hands-on in their lives; unlike Chuck, he will never put himself into the story.
more than he’s wanted anything for a long time. And he thinks maybe someday, maybe even someday soon, he’ll be able to work up the courage to ask for it. For Cas.
Dean is smiling now, too, a beautiful sight that Cas wants to spend forever looking at. It’s starting to sink in for both of them that this is really happening. They really get this. “Yeah,” says Dean. “Yeah, okay. Let’s figure it out.”
Dean sighs. “He thinks they’re heartwarming. He’s weird though, he hadn’t even seen Star Wars, so his tastes in media really don’t count for much.”
Suddenly the clouds are replaced by bright yellow and the rain stops falling on his head. He looks around to see a guy in a trenchcoat standing next to him and holding an umbrella over both of their heads.
“And I do?” He nudges at Dean to make him lift his face so he can kiss his forehead and then look in his eyes. “Dean, I may be a great deal older than you, but you know the extent of my relationship experience. And there has never been anything like the enormity of what I feel for you. This isn’t even something an angel is supposed to feel. I don’t know what I’m doing either. But I have faith that together, we can figure it out. And I think it will be worth it.”
… being, so you get the credit. Especially since you had the stroke of genius of finding that happiness by finally acknowledging the big queer elephant in the room! You know you made yourself follow the bury your gays trope? Incredible. I only know that term because of Becky, and spending time with her is also how I know that if I hadn’t exterminated all of humanity, the fans would
Dean hesitates. He shouldn’t agree to go anywhere with a complete stranger. But he really does need to get to work and he doesn’t really want to pay for the full cost of a cab, and despite the trenchcoat the guy really doesn’t seem like a serial killer.
Sam sighs and lets the topic go, but for the rest of the night, Dean can’t stop thinking about it and trying to picture his next conversation with Cas.
He pauses. It’s true, it’s absolutely none of this stranger’s business. And this is the kind of stuff he doesn’t really talk about to
“Damn it!” Dean’s voice cracks, and Cas whines and raises his head to look at him. Dean scratches his ear with a shaking hand and gives a watery chuckle. “Thanks for the concern, pal. It’s just – ha, look at me talking to an animal like you understand me. Anyway, I… lost somebody. And I guess he didn’t come back, not this time.”
Dean glances at the back of the car while Lisa describes the liquid. It’s already starting to drip a little, and he sighs. “I’ll have to take a closer look but there’s a possibility that it could be a head gasket. Do you have someone who can give you a ride so I can keep it here overnight?”
Seeing Cas on the bus – talking to him about their lives, brushing arms as the bus goes over bumps, sharing smiles – it’s great, but it doesn’t make his stomach tingle and his cheeks heat up and his heart feel tight.
This brings them a lot closer, and Dean blinks. The man clears his throat and Dean lets go, blushing.
“I do not perform asexual reproduction, no. Asexuality in humans is simply a sexual orientation just like homosexual or heterosexual or bisexual. It means I do not experience sexual attraction.”
“Well, my aunt Naomi and my uncle Metatron were upset about something, and my uncle Raphael kept glaring at me for some reason.”
“We were together for about two years. We broke up… shit, I guess it’s been a couple months already. And I mean, breaking up was a mutual decision and it wasn’t really a surprise. We’d kind of been drifting apart for a while and we weren’t good for each other, and we didn’t really love each other. We knew we wanted different things. But it still sucked, you know? Whether it was good or not, it was still a two-year relationship, that’s a pretty big deal.”
“I’m sure he’s still upset about the Balthazar incident and decided to blame you,” Hannah says without looking away from the road.
“Don’t throw food, I don’t want to pick it up later,” Dean says absently as he puts his phone away. “And wait, no, I do
Neither of them can seem to bring themselves to let go, so the hug lasts longer than might be strictly socially appropriate, but eventually they sheepishly disentangle. Cas accepts shorter, though still warm, hugs from Sam and Eileen, and then they all sit back down to catch Cas up on what happened while he was gone, since no one bothered to explain anything to the dog. In return, he answers some of their questions about what it was like being a dog. He apologizes for effectively spying on them, and for the licking. They shrug it off, but he is sure he’s not imagining an undertone of awkwardness.
That’s unfair. Dean is a good man, Cas wouldn’t love him if he wasn’t; he may be repressed but is not a homophobe, and would be glad to see a friend, especially in these circumstances, even if there was tension between them.
“I still can’t believe you have a crush on someone who doesn’t get any of your references. He must be pretty special.”
“I know.” She leans against him so their shoulders touch. “I know we’ve all been teasing you about it, but do you actually have a crush on him?”
“Yeah, no. Um. My mom died when I was a kid and my dad took it pretty hard. He got it into his head that he should be the one to hunt down her killer and all other killers, dragged us around the whole country, kind of became a vigilante. He got killed fighting an arsonist a few years ago.”
Cas clears his throat, not quite looking at him. “Hello, Dean.” Then to Jack, “Thank you so much. And I hope you know how proud I am of you. Aside from not realizing I was a dog.”
Cas turns around to say something to whoever’s driving the car, then leans back out. “Would you like a ride?”
Cas jumps down to the floor, as it’s occurred to him that if Jack turns him back, it will be better if he’s not in Dean’s lap.
. Chuck pulled Lucifer out of the Empty, right? It’s possible.” Cas blinks. Chuck did what? “I mean, come on, who did more for Jack than Cas? Nobody. He
Eileen is around most of the time now, and the three of them seem delighted with each other’s presence; they have family dinners, and Sam and Eileen spend all day smiling at each other like they’ve never seen anything so wonderful. Cas never had a chance to spend all that much time with her, but he likes her very much, and patiently allows her to teach him tricks with ASL commands, even though performing for human entertainment in exchange for dog treats feels a bit degrading.
Cas is one of the best people Dean knows, and he’s tired of lying to himself about just how crazy he is for him. As Dean watches, Cas laughs at something a cousin says, and he looks so happy, and the sound is so beautiful. Dean wants to make him laugh like that forever.
Jo lets herself into Dean’s apartment at ten pm and starts going through his refrigerator without even saying hello.
Dean takes another step closer, close enough to take his hand, the touch – skin to skin, fairly rare for them – electrifying.
Cas smiles up at him, looking a bit touched. “That does sound interesting. You should send me the link. I didn’t realize you knew some of the terminology.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. He doesn’t know how a typical weekly commute to work has become a time to talk about his personal life. He doesn’t know how this random stranger has become someone who knows enough about him to read his emotions like that when he usually doesn’t show his emotions to anyone. He doesn’t know how he’s gotten to a point where hearing someone tell him he’s fucking
They meet Cas’s sister Anna, and she and Dean spend a few minutes talking alone while Cas accompanies Sam to find a bathroom.
“Oh, of course it is. My relatives think that even being a janitor in one of their buildings would have been more respectable for me than becoming a professor. I love my family – some of them – but I don’t want to follow their unreasonable orders. I want to be my own person, follow my own passions.”
Cas, likes him a lot, and while this asexuality thing is throwing him off he doesn’t want to ruin this thing with him. He resolves himself to a lot of googling later.
he missed, you know?” Oh no, there it is, the joy and hope, and Cas is starting to see Chuck’s plan. “By the way, this guy is coming home with us,” Dean adds, and Cas’s heart is warm at the idea of it, but he’s struck by gut-wrenching certainty that he won’t be.
“Ok, well. Either you have a friend or you have a crush, and either way it’s good for you to be getting your mind off of Lisa. I don’t see a problem with talking to the guy. I mean, don’t give him your credit card number or anything, but I don’t think there’s anything wrong with getting close to someone.”
“Cool. And I texted Charlie, Donna, Jody, some of the others. It seems like everyone is back and feeling fine.”
“Where would I meet someone, Sam? You’re always complaining about how I never get out. Do you think I’m meeting people at Bobby’s?”
Dean gets into the backseat. He sees that the driver is a pretty woman with brown hair and blue eyes, and he smiles at her in the rear view mirror as she pulls away from the curb.
He sits there quietly for another minute, Cas still watching breathlessly, then shakes his head and stands up, at which point Cas finally pushes his way through the door.
“Well, no, but there’s a difference between stupid pranks to annoy your brother and completely ignoring genuine discomfort, especially when it comes to shit like sex and romance. That’s one of me and Sammy’s number one rules, sexual orientation is off limits for teasing.”
“She’s all right. She remembers what happened, but she doesn’t remember being… gone. She’s going to meet us back at the bunker.”
“You know,” Sam says softly, “When you said this was going to be crazy I think I thought you were being dramatic, but now I see that it was actually an understatement.”
He moves in closer, and before he can think about it too much he puts his hands on Cas’s face and kisses him.
“It’s good. We’re coming to the end of a semester. I had a good group of students, so I’ll be sad to see them go, but I have fewer classes next semester so I’ll be glad to have some time to relax.”
He smiles in a way that he hopes is convincing and lets her hug him before she goes out to make the call. After she’s gone, he leans against the car for a long moment, eyes closed, before sighing and getting back to work.
The next week, the sun is finally out, so a lot of the people who have been riding the bus have opted to walk instead. As a result, there are a lot of empty seats, so Dean is actually able to sit.
“I love you,” Cas barks when Dean bends over to pet him. Dean doesn’t understand him, but he does smile, so Cas considers it a win.
“Oh, god no. For one thing, my entire family enjoys trying to be matchmakers for me since I tend to keep to myself, and I’m just very tired of it. Also, I know for a fact that I would have absolutely no interest in anyone he could possibly pair me with.”
Dean doesn’t quite know how to respond to that, so he doesn’t. He’s caught off guard. A winky face suggesting that Cas thought that Dean thought he was hot? What does that mean? Is Cas flirting? Have they
“That makes sense,” says Jack. “After I brought everyone back, I knew that the dog Dean found was alive and I could tell that you weren’t in the Empty anymore, but it didn’t occur to me that those things would be related. I should have recognized you, but I was distracted. Sorry.”
There’s a tightness in Cas’s chest. Something painful, with a hint of something like hope. He had known that Dean had taken some of Cas’s previous deaths hard, and was always eager to get him back, but he has never seen the reality of it firsthand. There has also never been a love confession hanging over them in this situation. It is encouraging (though heartbreaking, given the fact that Cas is right here unable to put an end to his worry) that Dean is so desperate to have Cas in his life even knowing his feelings. Cas is not so foolish as to assume that this indicates reciprocation, but at the very least he knows he is not uncomfortable with being friends with a man who loves him.
Cas chuckles. “Oh, they don’t. You could say that the five of us – and my uncle Luke, actually – are the black sheep of the family. We all have a bit of a rebellious side that has showed up in different ways. Gabriel is barely even in communication with the rest of the family, and is somehow managing to make a living by travelling the world selling candy. Balthazar technically works for the family business, but only as a contractor, and everyone is fully aware that he doesn’t like them. Anna works in a mental health rehabilitation center. Hannah only very recently broke away from our family, and I think she still has some reservations, but she is doing well managing her own business.”
Cas is talking excitedly about the work his students have been doing, and Dean listens with a smile. He knows the names from the papers spread out across all the flat surfaces in their new house, and from many conversations just like this. He doesn’t care, really, about what college students he’s never met do, but he cares about the quirk of Cas’s smile when he gets excited. He’s still getting used to being allowed to see that smile every day. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever get used to it, but if it can still make him feel so full of wonder, he doesn’t know if he wants to.
“No, not me. My brother went for a couple years before transferring out to Stanford when they were able to give him more money.”
“Oh hell no, I don’t want to look at a happy couple right now. We’re watching a crappy horror movie.”
“What did he look like?” she sings as she slides the pan into the oven and turns the timer on, looking a lot happier than she did two minutes ago.
“Well, I personally am fairly neutral, but it doesn’t necessarily have to be connected. There are some asexual people who are utterly repulsed by sex and there are some who enjoy sex a great deal, as is the case for people who are not asexual. Orientation is based in attraction, not action.”
Dean’s heart skips a couple beats because that’s a good way to ask someone out, but he tells himself to calm the fuck down and says calmly, “I have some morning shifts at the garage but otherwise yeah, I think I’m pretty free. Why?”
If Chuck says this is about the Winchesters, then they will be here eventually, and Cas will be here waiting for them, but waiting can be boring, so he goes and lies down behind a wooden pallet propped up near the restrooms.
“If it’s any consolation, you weren’t late, it came earlier than usual this morning,” comes a gravelly voice from beside him.
Cas chooses that moment to appear from behind a group of people. He’s breathing hard like he ran across the room, and Hannah is right behind him.
Cas pauses. “Dean, I know that it’s none of my business, but I can tell that you are even more troubled about your ex than you’re letting on. I don’t know if you think you have done something wrong, or if you are discouraged by the news of her new boyfriend. But Dean, I may not have known you for long, but I know you well enough to know that whatever went wrong was not your fault, and that you are absolutely good enough. You and your ex may not have been right for each other, but that doesn’t mean you aren’t worthy of happiness.”
“I understand that I’m coming across as a bit like a stalker, but I promise I’m not. Where are you going?”
Dean and Sam haven’t been at home at the same time as much as usual, since Dean has been taking more hours to get his mind off the breakup and Sam has been spending a lot of time with his new girlfriend, Jess. This means that they haven’t really seen each other since the thing with Cas – whatever the fuck that “thing” is – started, and of course Sam picks up on something being different immediately.
Cas is right there, smiling up at him, eyes bright and kind. His hand is warm on Dean’s shoulder. He understands Dean with a clarity that no one else has managed, and they are able to relate to each other, and when he looks at Dean he sees something good. He loves his family, and he gets along with Sam and Jo and Charlie. He sees the beauty in the world and has more faith in humanity than anyone Dean’s ever known. He uses stupid emojis and carries a yellow umbrella and likes fuzzy socks and has a cat named Tyrannosaurus and he thinks bees are remarkable.
. In person. I want you back here, Cas. I want to tell you about what happened after you – left. And I want you to have breakfast with me and Sam and Eileen. And I want you to meet my new dog. And I… I want to talk about what happened, what you said to me. I’m no fucking good at this stuff, you know that, you know me better than anyone, you know I suck at… emotions, and talking, and everything. But I want to try
Without fully thinking about it, he goes running across the street. Jack smiles at him, but doesn’t seem inclined to interact, and the brothers are busy staring around at the populated town and don’t notice him, so he just settles on the sidewalk by the side of the Impala to listen to their conversation.
“Well, if you listen to those fanfics Charlie keeps forwarding us, public transportation is a great place to meet people to hook up with.”
Cas’s relatives range from eccentric to terrifying. Most of them ignore Dean and Sam completely, but a few stare at them like they’re a different species. Both reactions are unnerving, but Cas occasionally grounds Dean with a hand on his elbow or a casual comment to bring them into the conversation, and Dean can’t help smiling at him. As they talk, Dean finds himself paying less attention to the conversation and more to the way Cas’s face looks around his family. He’s clearly uncomfortable in the large gathering, and when certain relatives approach him he gets tense, but when his siblings talk to him he looks happy, relaxed, and something else, something Dean can’t place. His smile is genuine and soft, his eyes fond. Dean’s heart strains as he watches him.
“Oh, he’s great. He works too hard, though. I thought graduating school would mean he would stop studying all the time, but I guess with Sammy it’s to be expected. I’m glad he’s got Jess to keep him from living in his books all day. I wish he would stop going to that stupid hippie yoga thing though, I hate taking the bus on Thursday.”
Still, he cannot shake his distress, as he wanders around the outside of the station, finding no signs of human or animal life.
“Of course I do,” he says, sounding wounded. “Come on, Cas, I know I’m not great at saying what I’m feeling, but I thought you knew that, at least. You’re – you’re my best friend. You’re
{from Cas to Dean} Not for several weeks because college has a long break, but I’ve gotten used to getting coffee near the university so I’ll probably take the bus in sometimes anyway
“Oh, yes, I have four.” When Dean whistles, he smiles. “My extended family is even worse. It’s a very large family. Lots of aunts and uncles. Lots of cousins.”
He tries to ask Chuck, towering over him, what he’s done to him, but all that comes out is a woof, and – oh. Oh. Now he processes what is different about his body. The four legs. The tail. The floppy ears.
“This ending! An angel falling in love with the human he was tasked with saving, then sacrificing himself for him? I have to be honest, I was always sort of jealous that I didn’t think to write that. And this new twist? Making the sacrifice even more tragic by making it come on the tails of a fleeting moment of long-denied happiness? Oh, I know that wasn’t your idea, but I’m not going to talk to
He pauses. “I don’t know, Charlie. I sure as hell wouldn’t call it a crush, because I am a grown man, but there’s something there, you know?”
Something in Cas’ voice makes Dean look up and meet his eyes. He’s expecting anger or revulsion, but what he finds is a glowing warmth that makes breathing suddenly difficult for him.
Dean has to lean in so he and Cas can hear each other over the noise of the oddly large crowd of commuters.
This all seems difficult to misinterpret, but Cas squeezes his hand and says, “I’m sorry, Dean, but I’m going to need you to spell out what you’re saying.”
“Hey, so I was reading this thing online the other day,” Dean says, trying to get his heartbeat under control when Cas rests his hand on his shoulder to brace himself as he leans in closer to hear him. “It was talking about asexuality and using a metaphor about elephants or something to explain how it’s hard for ace people and allosexual people to talk about attraction because it’s so obvious for us but how are you guys supposed to know what it’s like if you’ve never experienced it? It was pretty interesting, I thought you might like it.”
Dean snorts. When Castiel looks over quizzically – and looking a bit hurt – he says, “I think I know the feeling.”
“You said most of the matchmaking is from Gabriel, but he’s one of the ones you kind of like, right? I know he can be an asshole, but about this?”
He comes back on a small town street bustling with human activity. Physically shaking off the shock like water – because he is still a dog, fur and all – he looks around and sees Dean, Sam, and Jack standing across the street, which explains the return of humanity. With a jolt, he realizes that Jack is radiating immense power that is new to him, yet also familiar, and a moment later he recognizes why.
“Yeah, good, good. Just… awesome.” He clears his throat to cut off his own babbling and claps a hand on the roof of the car. “So what seems to be the problem?”
“What do you mean he has a crush on me, what did he say?” He realizes immediately that he responded too quickly and too sharply, and probably sounds like an overeager lovesick twelve-year-old girl, and he winces as Charlie grins at him.
“Well, I’m not really sure, but it’s leaking something all over my driveway so I thought I’d have you check it out.”
“It was though, and I see why you like him. He seems… dreamy. And he was pretty funny, too. He didn’t seem freaked out by us coming over at all. Or he wasn’t after we introduced ourselves.”
“You are,” Cas insists. “Dean. I meant everything I told you. You are a good, loving man, and you absolutely deserve love in return.”
{from Cas to Dean} Charlie and Jo. I was getting coffee and they came over and asked if my name was Cas and if I knew you. Apparently they recognized me from your description of me as “a hot little guy with brown hair and stupidly blue eyes and a trench coat”
“Chuck pulled me from the Empty and turned me into a dog so he could use me as a prop in his plan to torment you,” he explains. “Of course you would have no idea it was me, and he could have just as easily used an actual dog, but he thought it was funny.”
“I’ll have to ask Sam, but sure, I’ll come,” Dean says without really thinking about it. As soon as the words are out of his mouth he regrets them, because when he thinks of ways he would want to spend a weekend, interacting with Cas’s giant crazy family is not on the list, but the regret fades away when he sees how relieved Cas looks.
Sam and Dean haven’t had a case yet, so they’ve been enjoying being more domestic, cleaning and organizing the bunker, cooking. Sam is working on improving the communication network between hunters, and Dean is rereading a Vonnegut novel.
Dean sniffs and reflexively holds Cas a little closer. “Still gone. Guess that was one of the things we should have asked Jack about before he left.”
“Other than just be a fucking genius? Well, he studied law. He got out of school a couple years ago and moved back out here to be with me, and he’s working on setting up his own firm. He’d do better in one of the big firms in a city, but he really wants to help people and he thinks he can do that better here where he can choose who to represent.”
“What? – Oh.” He laughs, startled. “Wow, okay. Now that it’s out there, you’re gonna be catching up on twelve years of gay jokes?”
“Dude, you don’t need to keep pretending to be surprised when I show up like this. We both know you don’t mind.”
Dean can barely look away from Cas for the rest of the night. Anna’s words echo in his mind. He realizes, more than ever, that he wants her to be right.
He looks up as Dean splashes over, and smiles. Dean nods an acknowledgment. The bus pulls up a moment later, and they all board. The bus is more crowded than usual, probably because of the rain, so Dean and the guy are both forced to stand. They jostle against each other with every turn, and on one particularly big pothole the man is thrown into Dean hard enough that Dean has to grab him around the waist to keep them both from falling.
“Oh, damn, Jo, I’m sorry.” Dean hadn’t liked Jo’s boyfriend, had thought he was too pushy and had an annoying voice, had hated how the guy had been rude to him and Sam the time they had dinner together, but he knows Jo liked him and he knows when to shut up and be supportive. “I ate all the ice cream last week when Lisa and me broke up and I haven’t been to the store to get more but we can make cookies if you want?”
Dean nods. He gets that. He spent enough sleepless nights agonizing about his and Sammy’s roles in the “family business” to understand the itch for freedom, the fear and guilt surrounding breaking free, the knowledge that the right choice isn’t always the one your loved ones want you to make.
That is not exactly how Cas would look at it; he never did anything with an eye toward repayment. Everything he did for Jack, he did out of love. He is not owed anything. But he
“Hi, Cas.” He glances behind him, where there are several seats that wouldn’t mean sitting next to anyone.
They settle in the backseat, door slightly ajar, Cas’s head in Dean’s lap, Dean running his fingers through his fur. He should not be taking advantage of this, but it feels so good, mostly because it’s Dean but also just in general. He’s not very familiar with this kind of gentle touch, and it’s nice, especially with his dog feelings heightening the need for affection.
As the hours pass and he fades closer to sleep, he gets closer to accepting the possibility that Charlie could be right. He and Cas have been unusually close from the beginning, and that’s got to mean
“Yeah, definitely. I mean, Sam and I will prank each other, but we don’t just leave our shit everywhere. We both have boundaries, you know? That’s definitely reasonable, man. Agreeing to a date isn’t a good option either, I’m guessing?”
Cas chuckles. “In any other family, it probably would be, yes. But as I think I’ve mentioned, my family is odd and traditional, with firm ideas of how everyone should live their lives. We – they – have a company, a rather large one that’s been in the family for centuries. Everyone in the family is expected to work for the company, and to go elsewhere is seen as an unforgivable betrayal.”
Finally, his ears perk up at the familiar roar of the Impala’s engines, but he doesn’t move to greet them, unwilling to be enthusiastic about a plan to torment them no matter how much he longs to see them.
It’s still raining by the following Thursday, which strikes Dean as really fucking unnecessary, but he has an umbrella this time so he’s not as miserable about it. When he gets to the bus stop, the hot guy from last week is waiting to the side of the rest of the crowd of commuters, yellow umbrella tilted above him like a halo.
He doesn’t say this, doesn’t feel like he can over the lump in his throat, but he pats Cas on the arm awkwardly, and from the way the skin around Cas’s eyes crinkles he thinks maybe he gets it anyway.
“Oh, man, yeah. Sammy’s pretty much all I’ve got, so we try to always be there for each other. How about you? You have any siblings?”
“That’s one word for it,” Hannah says drily. “I’m going to go keep an eye on them before they blow something up again.” Sam and Dean blink. “It was nice seeing you again, Dean,” she says before they can ask. “And Sam, good to meet you.”
“Yes, of course. There’s a high likelihood of a major blizzard, it won’t be safe to be on the roads.”
It would have been pointless to try to attack Chuck, he reminds himself. As either an angel or a dog, he would have been stopped in his tracks the moment he even thought about it. But oh, how Cas would like to punch him. Or bite his ankles, maybe; he would deserve that.
“Dean,” Cas says softly. “I appreciate the fact that you value consent, but in this case you’ve done nothing wrong. I’m
After their last conversation, he had not expected to ever see Dean again, and certainly not looking this happy to find him. He wonders, though the thought stings, how different his reaction would be if he knew it was him.
Cas slides his hand up from Dean’s wrist back up to his shoulder and squeezes tightly, and Dean feels it like a burn.
“Not to most of my more extended family, but to my immediate relatives, yes. There are varying levels of acceptance.”
“Um, maybe because it was seven AM and I had to go to work? Plus, it’s not like I even know if he swings that way.”
He shrugs. “Like if you’ve been acquaintances with someone for a couple months but you only talk once a week and you always have really personal conversations, is that weird?”
Dean shrugs and lets Castiel call for a cab as he shoots off a text to Sam telling him what’s up, sneaking a picture of Castiel so Sam will know who to look for in case anything goes wrong.
“Oh, thanks,” Dean says, and the guy nods. Dean looks at him a little closer, and holy shit, he’s definitely not one of the regulars that Dean’s been seeing on the bus, because Dean would remember if he had seen someone that hot. He’s almost as tall as Dean but not quite, and he’s got hair that’s either really messy or deliberately artfully tousled, and his eyes are the brightest fucking blue Dean’s ever seen.
“I will. But fine, I’ll let you get out of the conversation. Got anything to watch while we wait for the cookies to bake?”
which you’ve said you hate on multiple occasions, and you’re smiling like he’s the cutest thing you’ve ever seen.”
{from Dean to Cas} also those were not the words I used to describe you my friends are fucking liars
“Mostly just you,” she says, flopping down next to him on the couch. “Dude’s got as big a crush as you, you guys are hopeless. Also I interrogated him on his taste of movies and books and stuff. He hasn’t seen much, but he was open to giving things a shot. I approve.”
“That’s rough. You said in one of your texts that your brothers were going to be forced to come to this, so did you just hang out with them, then?”
That feeling is so overpowering that it doesn’t occur to him until Jack is saying goodbye that hang on, he is still a
“Jack,” he starts, “Kid. Your Greatness? Whatever. Jack. I know you said you didn’t want prayers. But I gotta know – why not Cas? You restored everyone else, why not him? Actually, you know what? It doesn’t really matter why you didn’t do anything before. I’m asking you to do it now. I need him back here. I’ve tried doing some research to see if I could do something myself, but I think it has to be you, and I know you said you weren’t going to be hands-on, but it’s
Cas is silent, which is probably best, since what can you even say after that? They sit quietly for the rest of the bus ride, arms pressed together, and when Dean gets up at his stop they smile tightly at each other.
and she’s his twin. We can all tell when he’s texting you because he’s always smiling. He obviously cares really deeply about you. It was just a question of whether you felt the same way, and after watching you together for even a few minutes it’s pretty clear that you do.”
“Complicated. My family is very… traditional. And interconnected. There is a family owned company, and the vast majority of my relatives all work for it in some capacity. It can be intense. I am very close to my siblings, although maybe not as close as you and your brother. My other relatives not so much.”
“What are friends for?” Dean shrugs. “Not like I have anything better to do. And hey, I’m curious about your weird family.”
right? And his friends are decent judges of people so if they think Cas likes him maybe he does. And there were those texts…
He nods, and they fall silent for a few minutes. Maybe Sam was right, and he can be in this relationship or friendship or whatever with Cas without it having to be weird.
Eyes wide, Cas grabs Dean’s wrist, stopping him from moving further away, and says, hushed and gently but urgently, “
“Well, that sounds all right. Sammy and me usually do holidays pretty lowkey too, just us, but this year he’s got a girlfriend so it’s a little more complicated. We’re still doing Christmas day with just us, but on Christmas Eve we’re going to some kind of lunch thing with his girlfriend’s family. And then a few days later we’re having a little get together with some of our family friends.”
Sam and Eileen wave them off with knowing expressions, and Cas follows Dean into his bedroom. Dean shuts the door and they just stand there staring at each other.
“Hello!” he greets them, raising a hand and not seeming to notice the way all four of them dramatically startle at his sudden appearance.
As days pass and they all try to adjust to their new lives, Cas learns that he dislikes almost all aspects of being a dog, but that being the
The problem with having a little brother who’s becoming a lawyer is that he doesn’t know how to mind his own damn business.
“This scares the hell out of me, Cas,” he says softly. “This thing between us is so intense, always has been, and I don’t know how to handle that.”
“Yes, Sam, a guy. His name is Cas. We’ve been talking for a few weeks. He seems nice. You’d probably like him, he’s one of those intellectual types.”
“Oh hey, Jo, how are you?” Dean asks dryly as he glances up from the episode of Doctor Sexy he’s rewatching on his laptop. “Nice of you to drop by.”
The bus comes to a halt just as Dean is trying to breathe enough to be able to formulate a response, and he realizes that it’s his stop. He blinks at Cas, who smiles and gently guides him off the bus.
it. It’s dirty and loud and there are weird people and screaming children and he always ends up sitting next to someone who refuses to stay in their own space. But Sammy has some kind of weird yoga thing in the next town over on Thursdays, and he won’t get his own car and there’s no bus in that direction, so Dean reluctantly hands over the keys to the Impala every week and takes the stupid bus to work.
He takes a small step closer. “Cas, what you said… it surprised me, and it was hard to process, especially since you waited to say it until we were about to die, but I think I needed to hear it. All of it. The stuff about how I see myself – I can’t say it was fun for me to be, I don’t know, exposed like that, but you’re right. And man, I want to be the person you think I am. I want to be able to believe that I could ever be worthy of being – being loved that much.”
Cas smiles fondly. “I have four, as I said. Two brothers and two sisters. Gabriel, Balthazar, Anna, and Hannah.”
“Come on, buddy,” Dean says fondly, getting to his feet and opening the back door of the car, “Let’s sit in here while we wait for Sammy.”
“I will meet with them.” Castiel said. Of course he would. Whether or not he managed to talk his brothers and sisters out of the civil war they seemed so keen to fight he was still responsible for the lessons he had learned. It was his duty to teach his siblings that there was another way, a more peaceful way forward.
“I panicked, man!” he cried, shoving up into a sitting position. “He looked so scared. I told him it was all a joke, just to piss Finnerman off.”
“I’m high on pie, sweetheart!” Dean sighed, rubbing his protruding belly. “And I gotta go to work.” He looked mournfully at the empty pie plate before downing the rest of his drink and standing.
“You think this might be some sort of coup?” Bobby asked, glancing at Dean. They’d been so focused on angels that it was an angle they hadn’t thought of; some of Lucifer’s surviving henchmen in a desperate attempt to rescue their king. They’d need a vessel if they managed it, and who better than a prepped and damned Winchester? Maybe this was phase one?
Cas bit his lip to keep from shouting. He wanted to tell his brother that what their father felt for him wasn’t even close to love. Love wasn’t judgement. Love wasn’t damnation. Love wasn’t a strike in the face and a demand to change
“I doubt he’ll be so thrilled by the prospect of reuniting with our brother when he sobers up.” Castiel predicted, glancing at Sam.
“Lucifer will be in Kansas City and I felt it was a waste for him to spend the holiday alone when he is so nearby.” Cas told her.
for me, Cas.” He whispered against Cas’s chin, almost too close to see the lightning in Cas’s eyes. “You think I could do it?”
him laugh… What was this between them? More than Dean ever thought he’d get his hands on, that was for sure.
Even Bobby got that fatherly glint in his eye when Cas asked him if he might root through the scrap pile for something suitable to make a rack for the mountain of jumpsuits.
“So we’ve got a couple options here.” Gabriel explained, producing a bag of skittles from somewhere about her person. She ripped it open, popped a handful into her mouth and squelched them noisily between her teeth. “Option one,” she smacked, flashing her multicolored teeth at Dean, “we take a couple months and figure out how to peel that little bastard apart layer by layer and hope we don’t blow ourselves up in the process.” She motioned to the paper and the little spell.
“Holy crap that was the coolest thing ever!” he practically squealed, gripping Dean’s hand and bouncing on the ball of his feet. “Can we do it again?”
Cas nodded, his face still blank in shock. Good enough. Dean grabbed Sam by the wrist, dragging him away from the angels and toward the door in the hill before Cas could come up with any more objections. Answers. He was going to know how. And why. And how long Sam had been topside. And once it was explained he was going to be absolutely sure that Sam was back and he wasn’t going anywhere ever a-goddamn-gain.
Dean was quiet for a moment as he thought. When he spoke again his voice was softer than before. “Number one: my mom used to sing me a Rolling Stones song when I was sick. Number two: I hate canned vegetables. Number three: When Sam was seven he asked our Dad if he could buy this book called Hatchet that his friend had read. When Dad said he didn’t have the money for it I went and stole it from the local library for him. Ok. Which one was the lie?”
That had only been a year and a half ago and yet it felt like a lifetime, and not just because the students streaming past him on their break for freedom seemed so young, practically fetuses. He felt like a perv checking out a hot blond that wandered by, even if her low-cut shirt was glaringly cleave-tastic. Hell, he could remember that Raphael kid throwing up freshman year before football tryouts, giving Sammy a swirly on his first day and pissing his pants when Dean threatened to cut his balls off if he ever touched his little brother again. And now he was the resident despot of the senior class? Christ. There were just no standards anymore.
Castiel shrugged. “I have never heard of such a thing but it could be possible. I certainly can feel the bit of grace I left in Claire Novak even now.” A wistful look passed over Cas’s features for a moment and Dean blinked. So Claire Novak was still alive. That was good. Maybe. “But the grace left behind in a vessel is a minuscule amount.” Cas continued.
Hi guys! I know I’ve been MIA for a long, long time, but work has been absolutely brutal lately. To make up for it I’ve laid on the schmoop pretty thick in this chapter. I’m trying to take some time as the holidays come around to work on this and my other fic on this site and hopefully there will be a few updates before the new year for everyone. As always, thanks for sticking with me and I hope you enjoy!
“Come on, this way.” Jo said, snatching Castiel’s wrist and dragging him towards the street. “I didn’t drive today so it’s a walk.”
“I see.” Castiel set about pulling the tape off the glass as Bobby gathered the detailing equipment. The car Castiel unveiled was familiar, sleek and black. He could almost hear the rumble of the engine as he peeled the paper covers off the headlights. He could feel the split second of vertigo of a drop into fourth gear in the shine of the windshield. There were differences - a subtle change in the slope of the rear window, only one set of doors - but he could see the impala in almost every line and curve.
“You got anything else we can use?” Dean pushed, anger and helplessness and that horrible weight that came with watching someone die and not being able to do a god damn thing about it making him cruel. “Like name? A location? A goddamn species?”
Balthazar chewed on his cheek, his grace going quiet and soft inside his vessel. “Malachi’s been to earth a lot. He came when he was sent, and he was sent often. But he’s never stuck around for any other reason. I have.” He bent down to touch the stone at his feet, his fingers sliding across the rock as his grace leaked out in a wide shining pool. It caressed the stone, too, little wisps steaming off into the air in tiny golden shimmers. “Perhaps it’s only because I was stationed here so long, and my orders were sufficiently vague to allow me quite a bit of time to explore. ‘Watch over mankind, guide their efforts’, that’s a pretty general directive. But… for a few centuries now I’ve been thinking.
“We do, however, have to be given permission to enter.” Cas continued, turning his attention back to Ben. “I spoke to Jimmy Novak for a long time before he agreed to allow me to use this form.”
But that wasn’t his job. That wasn’t his privilege. He had made his choices and she had made hers. He couldn’t be responsible for her salvation any more than he could hold her accountable for his downfall.
“Angel blade.” Dean explained, hefting Gabriel’s sword. “This will kill just about anything walking, flying, crawling, or materializing. Gabe donated it to the cause when he got smoked.”
Gabriel scratched at the back of her neck, thinking. “Maybe twenty? I’m not sure. It wasn’t like a light switch coming on. It was sort of like… I don’t know. Waking from a dream. Or, what I would assume waking from a dream feels like after observing a few millennia of human dreams.”
“Perhaps it is nothing.” Samandriel suggested with a hopeful twitch of his wingtips. “Perhaps… perhaps the world is still adjusting to the Apocalypse being averted. Lucifer and Michael walking the earth… there must be repercussions, right?”
