Cas nods slowly, head still tilted.  This is not how he thought this was going to go.  Not at all.  This is not… This is so much better than he deserves.  Even if he is the Father’s favorite.  Dean’s love, Dean’s forgiveness, unconditional, forever… Even for the Father’s favorite, this is so, so much more than he deserves.
Castiel fingers the collar that has appeared around his neck.  The spikes are sharp like needles, but he does not press them hard enough to prick.  He likes it, that they are dangerous-- golden and sharp. Like Dean. Like his Master.
“No.”
“Cas, Cas, please,” Dean pleads, grasping at Castiel's face desperately as the dust settles, holding himself still, panting from the effort.  His eyes are wet and so are Cas’, from the intensity of this, the need crackling in the air, heavy enough to shift the foundation of the earth.
is sinking through his bones and turning them into gleaming, liquid, gold, and the
“Sometimes, I thought you might be like rain.  Long wet drops, on my face, on my neck.  Your mouth would be open and you’d press it to me and taste my skin.  Your tongue would be covered in it, in my taste.  It would be all you could think about.”
Castiel’s vision fizzes out, and he screams, being so full of Dean, covered with him, his body, his tongue, his wings, his scent, the desperate feeling of need, of
Castiel sits up a little straighter too.  “He what?”
“I agree.” He looks up from the statue, and meets her gaze directly.
Castiel stands for a second, strong, holding Dean, holding his whole weight, thinking.
But it is gone.
Dean returns them to Castiel's weapons cache.  It is still a wreckage.  The water that Dean spilled has cooled, and come to rest in shallow puddles.  The copper basin that held the sweet, scented, water, is bent in half on the floor.  Splinters litter the edges of the room, where Dean broke his armor stand and tossed the ruined remnants aside.  Tables are turned over, and Castiel's knives, every one of them, are fallen in a clutter on the floor.
it is saying, what Castiel is going to
“You're welcome,” Dean says, standing up, putting Hephaestus’ head down on the workbench.  He crouches down, and rests his elbows to either side of Hephaestus’ head, to look him in the eye.  “So now I'll ask you again.  You wanna die, before you've got the chance to enjoy your new life without that fucking my-dad’s-dead chip on your shoulder, or do you want to make a blade for my angel?”
Dean does not know what its name is!  If it has one, if he should give it one… he didn’t think to ask.  It wasn’t written on the tank at Loki’s, like GABE was.  The tank did say that half-octopi were pretty smart, so that makes him think he should at least try to ask if his pet has a name that it prefers before just giving out some stupid one of his own like Neptune or Triton or some other probably racist-against-half-octopuses bullshit.
of this, Dean says, into the dim, frozen, stars “Yeah, OK Cas.  Yes.”
“The one with the underbite and the Brooklyn accent.  You killed him during that case in Michigan last Fall.  Crowley sent him after you, when you were looking for the Staff of Kings.”
Then the light knifing up through the crack in the floor swells, and becomes so bright it lights up the whole cell, and Dean it casts Dean back from guilt, and from fear.  Because now he recognizes this light, and understands all at once why it comforted him when he first saw it, and it snuffs out the ugliness growing in his gut in an instant and replaces it with brightness.
She actually stands straight again, and turns to look at him.  “You would actually try, wouldn't you?”  Shaking her head at the perceived foolishness of this.
"Well, why don't we make him leave before he has a plan?"
Castiel turns off his lamp.  And Dean was right. He does it with his mind, so he doesn't have to look away.
"Where do you think Chuck got the unicorn?”  Castiel replies, as if this were obvious, starting to become a little frustrated with Dean’s obtuseness and apparent fixation with the least remarkable part of this entire episode-- he got his
Dean heals during these times, his trauma seeping away like poison down a drain.  But they don’t talk about it. They don’t have to.
It’s kind of strange, inside, because he has never been in Sam’s room without Sam in it before.  The plaid shirts hanging from corners and the open, scribbled notepads and the uneven stacks of books from the library are all there, but Sam is not.  And it's not just his body that is missing, it's his animus, the thoughtfulness and fairness (and since the siege, hardness) that cast from Sam's eyes.  Castiel feels a little guilty, in here, without those eyes on him, like he is skulking, and he supposes that, in fact, he is.
On the seventh night, a Thursday, Castiel went to him.
“I love you Dean.  I love you because you try.  Because you care.  Because you want to be good.  And you are good, Dean, so, so, good.  So bright.  So brave. So strong.  The light rises in your footsteps, and the shadows melt away.  It's so beautiful, the way you shine.  The way you shine for me.”
he promises into the dark, not knowing whether Cas can hear it or not, feeling Cas’ hands scrabbling on his body, trying to hold him.
This chapter is short.  I originally planned it to be about twice as long, and that's what I have notes for.  But I am so far behind on my only-in-my-mind once a month posting schedule, that I wanted to post anyway.  Dean and Cas kisses, for you!
“Apologies, Sam.  I’ve been… too inside my own mind.”  He gestures at the duffel.  “I brought you some things, from the bunker.”
Castiel breathes deep, to steady himself.  Then he picks up Dean's coat in one hand.  The buckles clank against each other heavily as he raises it.  Folded inside it is a black shirt of quilted linen, and Castiel drapes this over Dean's head.  Like the socks, this will protect Dean's skin from the rub of hard leather.  Dean raises his arms, mechanically, and Castiel works them through the long sleeves.
--Live, Lightning Crashes
Dean's blood rushes in his veins, pounding heavy through his heart.
Probably the same thing.  He probably would have done the same goddamned thing. Or something worse.  For Cas.
He alights from the rack, and the arch of his bare foot is perfect, Dean thinks.  Every part of him is perfect.  Every inch of his skin, every contour of his body, every share of light that colors him pale and crimson, black and sapphire.  Dean is fascinated as with each step he takes on those perfect feet, each step toward his demon foe, his wings emerge into this plane from behind him.  They are black, lustrous, oiled and lush and gleaming in the flickering red light of the Pit.  They are strong, they are spread wide.  The are the radius of lightning, of the power crackling around Castiel as he advances.
“I have heard that the new Master is different from the old one.  More… Fair.”  She tastes this word hopefully.  “I am trying to find out if he is my enemy, or only my adversary.”
“‘The fuck is he doing here?”  Dean asked, pointing the butt of his rake at Crowley, who only smirked.
He shivers.  Here they are, Dean and Castiel, trembling against each other.  Dean doesn’t
“Anything, Cas,” he says again, and he means it, he is ready to draw the First Blade and walk right off the edge of this cliff, and fall, and rise, and burn, and conquer.
“Get.  Out.”  Dean would say, not listening, a hand coming up to hide his face.  And it would be a tragedy because they would both know, they would
He dreams that he is hot with fever, and Castiel presses chips of ice to his forehead and cool towels to the back of his neck, scented like eucalyptus.  He dreams that his brain is fogged up, too hot, and nothing makes sense, nothing is real but the feeling of his back resting against Castiel’s chest and the sound of Castiel’s voice saying, “Shhhh, Dean, it’s ok.  I’m here.”
One day, all day, Castiel’s wings flexed proud behind him, full of grace, because he can feel Dean’s heart, not tired, not aching, not sore.  Instead golden.  Instead, floating easy in the daylight.  Castiel's bees buzzing around him, a warmth to the sound of their flight.  A warmth that buzzes out:  “I love him.”
Castiel closes his eyes and tugs gently on his bonds, relaxing in to them.  “Because I'm yours.”  Dean is on him, then, covering his body and biting his lower lip, fiercely.  And then, like lightning, just as hard and just as fast, he is gone.
“Chuck???”
Dean comes screaming.  He comes until he can’t breathe.  He comes and Castiel’s eyes flash.
Unacceptable.  His charge is not a coward.  The obscenities Dean has endured… Unacceptable.  Castiel’s angel blade drops into his hand from the sleeve of his trenchcoat.  A blur, he raises it to strike.
“Dean?” Cas said. He cocked his head, peering at the smudged ink Dean was rubbing. “Why are you erasing it?”
Dean looks down at the contact, then back up at Castiel.
Sam shushed her, straining his ears. He could vaguely hear Dean and Cas talking, nothing but the buzz of voices, and—
“Well, uh, see ya, Cas,” he says, ducking his head again. “Happy Pride.” Giving Cas one last small smile, Dean raises a hand awkwardly in a wave and heads towards the door.
The woman turns to Dean. “Come on, Dean. You’re telling me that you’re crus— hey! That was my foot!”
“Lucy!” Dean said.
“I understand,” Castiel says. They lead him over to a small table when he’s pulled back a little from the embrace. “Here’s what you’re going to do,” they instruct gently. “You’re going to sit down and I’m going to bring you a coffee. On the house.”
“I feel fine,” Cas said, frowning. “Just… tingly.”
“So, what’s the word, Cas?”
“Hey, Cas,” he said, because that seemed like a good thing to start with.
“Not unless you want to cry,” Sam muttered. He was having flashbacks of a late night on ao3, milkshakes, romance, heartbreak, and tears.
“Well?” she prompted. “Do they know what to do?”
It very well could be. Despite all his exposure to it, Cas was still a little lost when it came to humanity. And Dean could be completely oblivious at times. Was that all it was?
Sam nodded.
“Yeah, yeah, but she wasn’t behind the counter when we were talking, which means
shelves.
“That sucks, buddy. Sorry,” Dean says. “Least you’ve got one good sibling.”
Dean blushes. Castiel thinks they might blush a little, too.
Now, may I present to you the chapter where things get REALLY self indulgent.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Didn’t even— the guy’s a dick. He didn’t—“ he cuts off abruptly.
“When Sam had that breakup with Ruby, she stayed up all night eating ice cream with him. Sam told me about that, and about how she started learning ASL when he got together with Eileen.”
“Cake!” Jack said.
As soon as Cas was gone, Charlie stood up, ready to follow him.
Jack’s smile was infectious and worth it.
“Oh, Clarence. This is going to Gabriel.”
Sam couldn’t argue with that logic.
“Whatever it is,” Charlie said, “it kept this from succeeding. So now, Plan B.”
like you. You’re cute and smart and super dorky and your eyes are really fucking blue and, uh. I, uh. I know you’re kinda my best friend, but… I was wondering if maybe— maybeyou’dwanttogoonadatewithme?”
Charlie squealed. “How did you like it? Who’s your favorite character? Are you crushing on Han as much as Dean?”
There’s something else about the conversation they had with Dean that’s gnawing at them.
“I’m going to kick Sam’s ass,” Dean decided.
Castiel doesn’t know how long they stand there before Dean starts mumbling.
Dean blushed and grumbled, “Shut up.”
Sam passed Dean the file he had been putting together, then followed Charlie out into the hall.
Charlie raises her eyebrows. “Excuse me? I think you’re forgetting about Carrie Fisher.”
“Well, I’m going to enjoy my coffee before the beepocalypse, so, du— buddy, how do you feel about making me my usual?” Dean says.
The man who walks in is young, with dark blond hair that looks almost golden in the sunlight that streams through the windows. As he gets closer, Castiel can’t help but notice the smattering of freckles across his face, or how the dark green flannel he’s wearing brings out his even greener eyes. Simply put, he’s beautiful. Castiel may be asexual, but they’re not blind.
“I’m glad,” Cas said. “I wouldn’t want to be any of their boyfriends. But you’re very cute when you’re jealous.”
“So that’s how we fix this,” Charlie said. “Well, who’s up for some birthday suit cuddling with Cas? Sam?”
“Fine,” Dean said. “It was, uh. Yeah.”
“You know that Meg made it, right?” Castiel says.
It’s over two hours and three cups of coffee before he leaves, but when he does, there’s a little more life in his steps.
“So what do we do now?” Sam said.
“Probably,” Sam said, shuddering as he thought about having to live with this UST for the rest of his life.
For some reason, Castiel hopes it’s something else.
“No. I have heard that it’s a ‘staple American food,’ though,” Cas said. “Wyatt has yet to explain that in a way that makes sense.”
“Dad! Daddy! Are you coming?” Jack poked his head around the doorframe.
They don’t quite know why, but they’re still stuck on their conversation with Dean.
Sam shifted uncomfortably from where he stood next to her. “This isn’t very inconspicuous,” he said, raising a hand to adjust the wig Charlie had forced him to wear.
Sam winced as Dean turned the music up. Dammit. They should have told Rowena to do a fuck or die spell.
“I just got here,” Charlie said. “No warning whatsoever.”
“Uh— no. It’s not a language people actually speak, so I don’t know it,” Cas said. “But I did like Chewbacca.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “Actually, I think I’ve read about this spell— it’s ancient, been around since the Greeks. Things are going to get bad pretty fast if we don’t do anything, ending with organ shutdown, and the more contact the better, so—“
Jack giggled from his perch.
Charlie let out a shrill, inhuman squeal. “Holy shit. Gabriel and standbyme are gods.”
“No,” Cas said, “it’s not.”
“I‘ll check on him,” he said.
Charlie beamed from her spot at the library table. “Awesome. I, for one, am looking for the Leia to my Han tonight.”
“Yup! I’m feeling The Cab or Elv—“
Castiel has all of ten seconds to take it in before a door in the back of the shop opens and Charlie catches sight of them.
“No clue,” Sam said. “It’s not Cas— he’s as into Dean as Dean’s into him. The world isn’t ending, so it doesn’t have anything to do with that.”
Jack frowned, then perked back up. “Can we go outside and look for frogs? Toad is probably lonely without a friend.”
“What?” Sam said.
“What’s your sibling’s name?” Castiel asks. They pass Dean back his change and muffin, then grab a to-go cup and start on his drink.
thank you so much to everyone who’s left kudos and comments, you make me smile :) in today’s chapter: dean does not ship sastiel. at all.
Busy Bee Coffee is picking up more business. They’re still not mainstream, but word of mouth has brought them several new regulars, and even Thursdays, quiet as they had been before, are slowly but surely gaining more patrons. They’re still quiet enough, though, that Castiel still gets to talk with Dean.
Sam and Charlie were grabbing food at a small restaurant when they overheard the women behind them gossiping.
“Why not?” Dean asked.
“True.” Dean flipped the pancakes, offered Cas a grin, then turned to Jack. “So, birthday boy, what do you wanna do today?”
Looking at the large collection of shelved records, it’s clear that they’re not sorted by genre or artist. Instead, there are handwritten labels taped onto each shelf. One reads
“Dean—“ Cas said, and they continued going back and forth as they walked away from the shop together.
“You’re not gay either,” Sam pointed out. “Anyway, I don’t think that the ghost would be able to tell if we were faking.”
Busy Bee Coffee is one of Castiel’s favorite places to be. It’s a small corner shop that used to be a laundromat, which maybe wasn’t the easiest place to turn into a coffee shop, but they like it. The cracked tile floor has been covered with wood, there are cozy booths in front of the windows. A chalkboard hanging over the front counter displays their menu in Meg’s neat handwriting. It’s only been in business for a handful of weeks, but Castiel is glad they decided to open it.
“On three,” Dean whispered when they reached the door. “One. Two—“
They wait until Dean has a seat before moving back behind the counter. They don’t make his usual drink. Instead, they make something loaded with chocolate and whipped cream and honey. Those flavors always make Castiel feel better when they feel like shit. While they’re doing that, Meg nudges them and says, “I’ll take care of the line. You go help your unicorn.”
“—and all our problems will be solved!”
“Great,” Dean grumbled. “Just great.”
“I’ll text you,” Castiel promises.
Cas kept going.
Dean gave her a weird look. “Alright. Well, then I guess I’ll see you guys in a bit.” He turned and headed in the direction of the garage, clapping Cas on the shoulder as he passed him.
“You really know your stuff, huh,” Dean comments, accepting them.
“It’s not a pimpmobile,” Cas corrected him.
“Come on, Chuck!” Charlie said, almost begging, “It’s a matter of fandom!”
“Honey bees don’t sleep. They actually spend their nights motionless. That’s how they conserve energy for the following day,” Castiel informs him.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno. Probably just a Charlie thing.”
“Awesome!” Jack said. “Can we have cake now?”
Their brother had been shocked when Castiel asked him about Star Wars.
“You’re never going to let them hear the end of it, are you?” Cas said.
“Yup. I’m thinking Sam and Cas take CW Incarnate, pose as a couple, and you and I take Beetlejuice as feds.”
“I hate it when he says that,” Dean said.
Twice a week, Dean shows up, visibly brightening when he sees them. Dean coming in is another reason to add to why Castiel likes Thursdays.
“Thanks.” When Dean reaches out to grab the coffees, his fingers brush against Castiel’s. “Well, Charlie’s gonna hack into my bank account or some shit if I don’t get this back to her.”
Today when he comes in, Dean is wearing one of his charcoal band t-shirts and a rich green flannel. It brings out his eyes, Castiel notices. His eyes have always been extraordinary, but now, they’re even clearer, more vibrant. He grins at Castiel, fond and so incredibly Dean-like.
Sam really hoped so.
“Lucy,” Cas corrected Dean.
She sighed. “Fine. For the good ship destiel.” She raised her glass.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah. Charlie sent me,” Dean said. “Were you, uh, getting coffee?”
Across the street, Charlie was peering over a newspaper she held high over her face. “Just kiiiiiisss,” she groaned.
“You owe me,” Crowley said. “I’m thinking… the sex tape.”
Cas’ confusion only grew. They weren’t keeping Jack’s presents in here— they had stashed them in the laundry room; Jack never went in there. While Jack wasn’t in here consistently, he would likely notice if they tried hiding them here.
Dean stared at him for a few moments before he stuttered back to life. “Oh! Yeah, uh. Yeah! Looks good, man. You’ll be picking up chicks left and right with that.”
“Fuck or die?” Charlie suggested unhelpfully.
Cas frowned, looking down at the leather jacket and tight jeans Dean had put him in. “I was not aware that I was a Disney princess,” he said.
Charlie sat up. “Nope. Cas knows he’s in love with Dean, Dean knows he’s in love with Cas. They’re just… not doing anything about it.”
Their eyes meet and they hold each other’s gazes for a moment before Charlie interrupts cheerfully, “There’s a line, handmaiden, and I’ve got work to do. You two can have eye sex later.”
Anyway, I’m SUPER excited about this chapter. I’ve been very impatient about sharing it because it was one of my favorites to write. Also—
Cas gave Dean one of his small Dean Only smiles. “Perhaps you can help me? I’m unaccustomed to the nuances of ‘picking people up.’”
Cas considered it for a moment before sighing. He stood. “Yes, he probably will.”
“I think at least half of that can be arranged,” they say.
Currently, he’s stepping through the glass door. He catches sight of Castiel behind the counter and grins.
Charlie turned to Cas. “Well, Cas, what do you say? You want Winchester Elder or Winchester Taller?”
“You an’ Daddy are being cute,” Jack said. “Claire says it’s gross.”
“Because,” Meg says, as though that explains everything.
Jack’s grin widened. “Yeah!” Then, he started shaking Cas’ shoulder again with renewed importance. “C’mon, Daddy! Dad’s gonna make
someone save dean. someone save sam. someone save charlie, even. they’re all suffering, except for cas, who’s just here for the ride.
“There they are now! Why, Steve, Wyatt, I didn’t expect to see you here!” the second woman said. “We were just talking about you two!”
“With magic?” She scoffed. “Hardly.”
Cas opened his mouth to respond.
thank you again to everyone who’s left comments or kudos! I’m absolutely horrible about responding, but you guys make me smile :)
Also— we’re halfway done!!
“Boyfriend?” he asks when he sees their quirked up lips and bright eyes.
“I’m gonna help you make the cake!” Jack announced. “Then we can all go outside
Castiel sighs. Of course Meg has pictures.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas said, dutifully letting Dean put a hand to his forehead.
They’re also a bit confused— they don’t quite understand that reference, but they can assume that Charlie is suggesting that Dean is uncoordinated. He isn’t. At least, not that they’ve seen.
“You, too,” Dean says. “So… you come here often?”
“Look, Cas, I really like you,” he says hurriedly. “Like—
“Forgotten me already, Dean?” Rowena raised her eyebrows. “I’m disappointed.”
Because first of all, they’ve met Dean twice. That’s not to say that Castiel doesn’t like him— they do. But two conversations with a person doesn’t suddenly mean that they’re a good fit for a relationship. And Castiel has no idea if Dean is queer or not. For all they know, Dean is straight. And even if he’s not, it’s not a guarantee of any sort that he would be attracted in any way to Castiel.
Dean didn’t know how he was still standing, but he was.
“That sounds great!” Charlie said.
Charlie swatted his hand. “Don’t touch that! And they’re both oblivious, they’re never going to see us.” She turned her attention back to Dean and Cas.
Sam snorted. “Yeah. It’s kinda creepy. None of these people have even met Dean or Cas, but in every story, they both take forever to get over themselves.”
“What are you doing?” Sam turned to face her.
“That one doesn’t count,” Charlie argued. “They didn’t get together after it.”
“Skin to skin contact could be anything,” Sam said. “Holding hands. Kissing. Naked cuddling.”
“Don’t know why I came.” Dean’s clinging to them like a lifeline. “Just needed to see you, I guess. Someone who gets it. But he just— I don’t know why I care. He’s a piece of work. I shouldn’t care. Sam and Bobby and Ellen and Charlie and you and everyone know, but I never told him, and he just—“ He breaks off.
Dean latches onto their offer.
“I need details!” Charlie whined.
“No, I know where it is,” Cas said. “It’s in my bedroom. Charlie and Sam suggested I try using clothing to ‘express myself.’ Do you like it?”
Castiel sighs and flips the closing sign. “Meg—“
They like the sound of that.
They had been driving for all of thirty seconds before Charlie said, “So I was thinking, I need a new flannel to fit in with the Winchester Crew, so we’ve gotta stop and grab clothes. You wanna switch up the tax accountant look, Constantine?”
“Thank you, Dad!” Jack looked at them hopefully. “Can I blow out the candles?”
“Rowena?” Dean said dumbly.
“Ten minutes,” Charlie bet.
They stare at each other for a few moments before Dean blushes and ducks his head. Only then does Castiel realize that they’ve been looking at each other longer than socially acceptable.
Even thinking about the exponentially increasing UST was enough. “Alright. I’m in.”
“Fuck him,” Meg says.
“He’s— I knew he wouldn’t like it. He was the only person who didn’t know,” he says, hands closing tightly around the mug. “You know. Guys walk down the street holding hands and he makes a comment about how unnecessary that is. Before Sam got away to Stanford, Dad would tell him that he should cut his hair or people would think he was gay.” He laughs, but there’s no humor in it. “Dunno why I did it. We were talking and he asked if I’d gone on any dates, if I had a girl yet. The usual shit. Told him no, ‘cause I haven’t. Haven’t looked at girls in awhile, ‘cause there’s this… this person I like…. Anyway, I kinda just decided
“This is perfect,” she said happily. “I think this is going to do it, Sam.”
“We’ll see,” Castiel says, not quite sure why they're smiling. Or why they’re trying to remember if Gabriel owns the movies.
Cas seemed just as confused as Sam was. He stared after where Dean had disappeared down the hall for a few moments, then glanced at Charlie, and then finally at Sam.
There’s something about Dean, though, that sets him apart. And Castiel isn’t quite sure what that is.
Dean remembered that, too.
Dean’s eyebrows raise almost comically. “Seriously?” he demands. “They— those fuckers. Can’t trust them.”
“C’mon, you’ve gotta give us something besides fine,” Charlie insisted. “Romantically satisfying? Relaxing? Enlightening? Gay?”
“A witch has got to have fun somehow,” Rowena said flippantly.
“What?” Sam whispered.
Somehow, Sam didn’t think that it would work. “Dean would never go for that.”
“For him,” Dean insisted. “We’re starting his education early.”
“Not a problem,” the first woman— Lucy— said. “You two here on a date?”
“Good morning,” they say pleasantly. “What can I get you?”
The UST was still there.
It was a few minutes before Sam and Charlie ducked out from under the table.
Charlie waved him off. “Well, yeah, a bunch of the time one of them works there and the other one is a customer, and most of the time it’s strangers to lovers, but not always! Coffee shops just scream romance. I can guarantee that if Kirk and Spock met up in a coffee shop, they would be married by now.”
“That was not amusing,” Dean said, souring.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “C’mon, sure you do!” she insisted. “What gives you the hots?”
Jack screwed his eyes shut. “They’re closed!”
After Dean had fished his phone out of his nightstand and crowded the three of them together for the picture, Cas moved to pull the hat off.
“We’re going to lock them in a closet,” Charlie announced.
No TWs for this chapter. Hope you enjoy!
“What do you mean? He’s your unicorn!” Meg insists. “Don’t think I don’t see the way you just—“ She gestures vaguely “—light up when he walks in. I sure as hell haven’t missed the way he looks at you. Write your number on his cup or something equally cheesy.”
“—pleasure doing business with you.” He gave them one last smirk before disappearing.
“Awesome! Thanks!” Charlie said. “Personally, I’m a fan of anything with a lot of whipped cream. And chocolate. What do you and Sam want? What does Dean like?”
Castiel looks up and squints at him. Before they can open their mouth to say anything, Dean is talking again.
“Get them together like in fanfiction?” Sam said dubiously.
“Hear what?” Cas asked obliviously. Next to him, Dean was turning a bright shade of pink.
There’s a crash and Charlie starts laughing. She laughs harder at whatever Dean says (it’s muffled, but Castiel thinks it sounds like “Cas isn’t my soulmate!”). When she turns back to them, she’s grinning widely. “He’s about as coordinated as a mountain troll, but you did good,” she tells them. Castiel is reminded of the way she had looked between them and Dean when she and Dean had first come to Busy Bee Coffee together, like she knows something.
“It’s to settle a debate,” Castiel told him with a sigh. “Dean—“
“Nope!” Charlie cut in. “We’re all gonna stay here!”
“Take care, boys!” Diane called after them.
“Did you like Chewie? Wait— could you understand him, since angels know all languages?” Charlie was practically bouncing on the balls of her feet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I have no intention of ‘picking up chicks,’” Cas said.
someone actually guessed how this was going to end… kudos to you, my friend!!
“Dean Winchester,” Cas said, turning a charged look on him, “I raised you out of Hell. I believe that I’m entitled to some of your french fries.”
Sam took them.
than usual.
“What?” Cas tilted his head to the side.
Dean stops. “Okay? Okay as in, you’ll go on a date with me?”
But for now, lying together in their room, the rest of the world oblivious, destiel was still incredibly canon. And it was heavenly.
Sam grabbed her arm. “Hold on, Charlie,” he said. “We should stay here.”
“Yeah, well. I don’t wanna share you,” Dean said. “You’re my boyfriend, not theirs.”
Gabriel gasps dramatically. “Ouch. That
Their favorite day to work is on Thursdays. Thursdays are especially quiet, and as much as Castiel enjoys the people watching they do every other day of the week, they like the quiet, too.
(See the end of the chapter for
get to be cowboys,” Dean corrected. He held up the other hat. “Well, oh-partner-of-mine, what do you say?”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You offering to ride with me, Cas?”
Dean relaxes a little. “Star Wars, too,” he says.
They fell quiet.
“We can do that after everyone else gets here,” Cas promised.
“Their molecules arrange more pleasantly than other foods,” Cas said matter-of-factly, snatching another.
“When we watched it, he grumbled something about not wanting to have to share with a wookie.”
“Charlie’s fake dating idea was quite efficient,” Cas said.
Castiel listens, albeit not as attentively as usual.
“No, it’s Han,” Dean argues. “Han over the wookiee any day. Right, Cas?”
“The only thing we can do.” Charlie opened her laptop and tore the seal off the Oreos grimly. “We keep looking for tropes.”
Next to them, Meg is very obviously eying the man up. Castiel ignores her.
Charlie rolled her eyes, turning back to Cas. “Hey, Cas, can you dig Elvis?”
“Do you really think it’s a good idea to let him in on this?” Sam said.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he’s grinning. “Of course you do.”
Castiel doesn’t even register themself thinking, but they’re walking around the counter and then they’re encircling their arms around Dean.
“I just want to try one,” Cas said.
“I— Dean makes a… valid point,” Cas said awkwardly. “So perhaps it would be… smarter… if Dean and I took care of it.”
“Yeah, but Han shoots first.
By the beginning of April, Castiel has a good idea of who their regulars are and when they like to come in. Monday seems to be a popular day. For the past six weeks, every Monday without fail, a man by the name of Balthazar shows up, orders the most complex drink he can, flirts excessively with both Meg and Castiel, then leaves. Kevin shows up as soon as they open, request for a red eye already on his tongue. Donna Hanscum, a local member of law enforcement, pops in every other week and takes two coffees to go, then sits outside Busy Bee in the police cruiser with her partner.
“So,” he said, “about the case—“
The man’s cheeks pinken. “Castiel. Sorry.”
“Because!” Dean said. “Because, uh—“
Castiel raises one of their eyebrows and turns to look at her. “Adopt a cat?”
Charlie nodded through the computer. “I know! It’s hard to get the fandom to agree on stuff in fic, but—“ She stopped suddenly.
“I— yes, I can pickup,” Cas said, “but we do have a coffee machi—“
Castiel smiles a little at that, though they don’t say anything until they’re passing two cups of coffee over the counter. “One caramel latte and one Bumblebee Iced Mocha for Dean.”
Dean was at Cas’ side in a heartbeat, forcing Cas to sit on the bed, scanning him vigilantly for any of the “symptoms” Rowena had hinted towards.
Castiel’s smile grows even fonder and something warm pulses in their chest.
“Oh, nothing,” Rowena said.
“Just slip these into their pockets,” he said, holding out two small hex bags. “Whatever secluded room Squirrel and Angelcakes find themselves in together next will lock up. And before you ask, no, our darling Castiel won’t be able to flap off.”
“Bars?” Dean said. “Yeah, sure. I know a couple.”
“No reason,” Charlie said innocently. “Right, Sam?”
Cas mewls wordlessly, releases Dean’s wing with one hand and scrambles it against his thigh until he finds Dean’s, pulls it free from his thigh, grips it tight.  “Dean.  Please.  Dean.”
He lays Castiel down on their bed, so gently, like he could be crushed by a breath of air.  Like Castiel is not that which crushes, in the Pit.  Castiel sighs softly and doesn't stir from where he is lain.  Dean's heart is full, looking down at him.  “What do you need, Cas?”  He asks, voice still as soft as if he were trying to hide it from the demons.  Whatever it is, Dean will give it to him.  Anything.  Anything at all.  His heart from his chest, if Castiel asks him for it; the wings from his back.  A siege on Heaven. Dominion over Earth.  A halo, a star, the sun, the sea.  Anything.
Dean had a body, and it was not bound by the rule of the dream like Dean's heart, and his brain.  It moaned.  It moaned deep, dark, embarrassing, even, so much want pent up for so long.  His face flushed red, as that moan hung on the air.
That tears it.  “Gabriel was there?”
“No,” Dean says, and then looks up at Castiel.  “But it doesn't matter.” He pauses after he says this, eyes defiant, holding Castiel’s, and though his gaze pretends to be brave it is also tired, and when Castiel's eyes shade softer and he opens his mouth to object--
“You could wash it in the stream,” Castiel says, not moving any closer, sounding sad.
“And I love you,” that is what Castiel says in the end.  That is all he says in the end, for hours.  “I love you.  I love you, Dean.  I love you.”  Everything he didn’t want to confess, laid bare.  Everything that he held back, given.
“‘M not good,” Dean says, though he is wrong.
He takes a step towards Dean, but stumbles.  And in his intoxication, he cannot find the way to stand back up.  His legs, his arms, they are water, and they twist, and the carpet underneath him rises and falls like the deck of a ship.  He fights, with himself, within the bondage of his trenchcoat, and he cannot rise.
And Dean, still stumbling over whether he would have kissed Crowley, whether he should have, just trying to keep up, says “He wanted a halo?  Why?”
, Dean’s stomach is hard and soft against his cock and the denim of his jeans is so rough and he smells so good, and Castiel’s arms fit perfectly around his neck, and Cas’ rhythm is so easy, and sweet, and he’s getting so close, so hot, and--
.  He does not get to be one of the many, who will kneel at Dean’s feet and worship his name.  Not this one.  He is not
He says it emphatically and stares at Sam as he says it.  “I want to stay here, with Dean.  I promised him, ‘Always’.  I promised him freely.  I promised him with my blood.  I promised him with my heavenly grace, as it burned away from me.  I gave him my halo and set it upon him to keep.  I gave him my angel blade and I showed him my neck.”  This last one is a lie.  He is lying to Sam, though he was bound and asked to answer truthfully.
But Dean bites his lip, and shakes his head so hard that tears fly away, little salty drops that fall silent on his pillow.  “I’m afraid, Cas.  That you don’t mean it, or I don’t deserve it, or something will come and take you away.  I’m sorry, I believe you, I want to believe you, but I’m too afraid.  That’s why it still hurts.”
over in his head, of all that was said between them,  and its meaning has eluded him.  Surely, Dean realizes that Castiel knows him well enough to only ever make him apple, or pecan.
He doesn't have to.  “I know what he told you, Sam.”  Dean’s voice is rough, and grim.  ”What he told you ain’t the issue here.  You could have
and it means Dean would rather Cas give up his soul than know the taste of Crowley's serpent lips.
“Do I have to bind you?” Castiel asks, and the thunder rumbles with his voice.
The human’s body relaxes.  It puts away its blade.  Good.  Ishkar did not like the way the magic swirled around it.
But Castiel will not cry.  He will kneel, and he will worship, but he will not cry.  Because he will be the one the only one, who will be close, who will touch, who will feel.
The highs are so high, on this grace, and the lows are so low.  It is not only a drug, Castiel remembers, too late, it is a poison.  He is plummeting.  With his nails dug into Dean’s spine he was flying, so close to the sun, and now he is falling again, nose diving towards the darkest, blackest crack in the crust of the Earth.  He pulls back, from Dean, steps back and away, out of arm’s reach, so he won't be too tempted and touch him again, unwanted.  He has failed Dean, he knows, but he will not touch him if it is
“And do you love him?”  Sam’s eyes are wet, and his voice breaks a little, and it seems that he asks this against his better judgement; that this is not one of the questions he planned and calculated and scripted when he conceived of this test.
It hurt and it burned and it tore at him, it tore at him where he was weakest, in his heart.  Demanding that he go to his charge, who was calling, for him.  Who needed intercession.
And Castiel can only look back, and feel his heart tear into shreds as he watches Dean cry.  He can’t look away as he sees it, he really sees it, what Dean felt for him, what it did to Dean when he was away.  How badly Dean wanted to touch him, when he was untouchable, and how much it hurt him that he couldn’t.  He knew, somehow, he always knew, but he didn’t let himself feel it, he didn’t let that knowledge rise to any part of his mind that could have done something about it.  Because he was afraid?  Because he was guilty?  Because he didn’t know how?  But now he has to see it.  Now he has to know.  Now he looks into Dean’s eyes and they are wet and he cannot look away.  Now, their promise won’t let them hide anything, from each other.
Castiel ignores the way Crowley keeps saying
“There is no other,” Uriel says, pretending to be reasonable.  “You know this, brother. There is only one that broke the seal.”
“But eventually it just hurt too much.  So I went to check on him.  Just only to make sure he was OK!” This last with more emotion, delivered with Castiel's eyes wide, head raised from his knees, imploring his brothers to understand some nuance of this part of the confession that they did not.
not even fresh, probably from the
It makes him into a diamond.  It makes him into an emerald.  It makes him a hawk, a lion, a wolf.  It makes him into the sun.
Mary’s eyes are wide.  “He loves you.”  She nods to herself.  “That’s not an answer to my question, Dean.”
Sam still does not know, for certain, what is wearing his brother's body.  He does not, cannot, believe that it is only Dean. Whatever it was, it summoned demons (so he believes) to the bunker, 10 demons, ancient ones, that feared him, right for him, helped him escape.  But whatever it was, it also embraced Castiel, and Castiel embraced it back.  Though, a Castiel that Sam barely recognized; a Castiel that was so bright, so full of fury.  More like Michael, or Raphael, than their Cas.
Castiel understands, and his gaze softens.  “I’m more real now than I’ve ever been, Dean.  Before, I occupied all the planes, of reality, all at once and you were only on one of them.  Now, I am here, entirely with you.  I am no where else.  All of me is here, only here, only with you.”
Dean grits out.
“OK, Dean.  OK.” Castiel says.
Cas sets it down on his lap very carefully.  He’s still crying, and he lets himself cry himself out.  Sobbing, ugly crying, bent in half on his knees, tearing at his hair and screaming and scratching at his face.  With cold intention, detached from the shivering mess of his body, he lets the weakness bleed out of him, with the tears, squeezing himself like a wet rag to make himself dry.
“Always,” Castiel agrees, and takes Dean’s hand in his own, lacing their fingers together.  “
“Dean.  Ssshhh Dean.  You didn't hurt me.  You didn't ruin me.  You couldn't, ever.  You gave me what I wanted, what I wanted so much. It felt so good Dean, I felt so good, here, waiting for you, belonging to you.  I felt wanted.  I felt safe.  I would wait for you, always.  Belong to you, always.  Sam doesn't understand. but that doesn't mean you're a monster.”
“Gabriel--”
It is too much.  He vomits. He thinks for a moment he will come, as well, overwhelmed in every way (
“I, I understand, Sam.  But.  I’m telling you.  It is Dean.  And I need him.”
--DUNE, Frank Herbert
Dean looks at him, a terrible twitch in his eyes-- as if he thinks that if he does not destroy Uriel in the fire, right now, the halo will transform and bite him like a snake.  For a second he twitches towards the fire, like he might throw Uriel’s halo in anyway. But then he softens, and releases himself to Castiel.
But Castiel felt Dean’s longing, and he felt something... wake, stir, in his own heart.  As he was not entirely sure what he felt from Dean, or why he felt it, he wasn’t sure of what was in his heart, either.  He hadn’t ever had emotions other than
*****
He went bare foot, bare chested amongst the racks.  Though the rocks were sharp and hurt his feet, he barely felt them, he was so numb.  His skin was pale, and covered with grime and blood so crusted and thick that it cracked and flaked.  Except where tear tracks washed him clean.  Sometimes tears did still leak from his vacant eyes, though he was too numb to feel them.
“Didn’t fail me, angel.”  His voice is rough, like he’s been choked.  Castiel tries to look away, but Dean doesn’t let him, even though he doesn't know, yet, what Castiel means by ‘followed Lucifer’s star,’ and he is afraid.  Even afraid, he holds Castiel’s gaze when he says: “You saved me.”
The stars, every one, freeze for a moment when he speaks, and move towards him, even the ones that are impossibly far away, even if they move only a fraction.  Like they are each an eye turning to look upon him.
“What?  No, why would he laugh?” Castiel’s squint gets deeper.  “Now that you mention it, though, Gabriel was laughing pretty hard.”
“I say ‘No’.  You hear that, pigfuckers?  ‘No’ right now. But I will say ‘Yes’ when the true end comes.  No bullshit. No weird angel torture porn. Just ‘Yes’. If you let me stay here with Cas.  I won't run, I won't try to hide, I won't fight. Let it come, and I will say ‘Yes’.”
Dean hides his reaction to this by kissing again on the tops of Castiel's feet, and then on the arches.  He traces a finger over the left arch, gently, like he is trying to memorize the angle of its rise so he can recreate it in a perfect monument.  Of marble, or ivory.  He smooths his hands up Castiel's legs, over his abdomen, his chest, following with his body until he finds Castiel's wrists.  He spends a long time on these, healing them with careful trickles of his power, making the skin anew, washing and kissing and washing again.  Castiel's fingers start to tingle.
Sam looks a little ashamed, at this, because he is asking Castiel to do this for him, to show him so much trust, trust that he won't break Castiel's mind in to splinters, or try to own him, when he has not shown Castiel trust at all.
“Regrettably, no, it does not.”
“I can’t feel you.  Where are you, Dean?  I need to feel you.  You’re so far away.  It’s so cold.”
*****
He wants to be that, for Castiel.  But how can he even try?  He is covered in blood, and he will be forever.  The Mark throbs again on his arm.
First, he tries to banish himself.  He draws the sigil out there, with his blood, his right hand sketching rapidly while his left is still shoved in the crack.  He draws it out there on the floor next to him.  When he slaps his hand down onto it to activate it, it doesn’t work, he doesn't go anywhere, let alone to the edges of creation.  He doesn't move a damned inch.  It just hurts him, adds a feeling like he is being torn apart to the burning in his blood.  It feels like an iron hand is around his heart trying to hold him in place while another hand, of ice, is knived into his spine and is trying to rip him away.  But he doesn’t go anywhere.  He grits his teeth and tries to bear it, hoping that maybe the banishment, fresh and new and powerful in his blood, will win out over the older summoning, but it doesn’t, the two forces just keep shearing him in opposite directions.  He thinks if he were a normal demon this would kill him, and he tries to remember that, to tell Sam, to tell all the hunters, to write down somewhere for the Men of Letters, as he scratches a fingernail through the banishment sigil to break it.
Another lightning strike.  Dean feels it behind his eyes.  It leaves afterimages in his vision, ghost lightning striking over and over and following his wild eyes as they roll back in his head.
“Angel,” Dean breathes warmly on Castiel's neck.
It makes him want to go back to Heaven, and kill all the angels, again.
Gabriel looks over his shoulder at Castiel.  “Oh, what, now you’re joining the conversation?  Am I wrong?  Is Moose not hard to kill?  Does he not have a gargantuan dick?”
So eventually Balthazar gives up, and joins Gabriel on his couch, and makes him watch Eyes Wide Shut while Gabriel mutters “pretentious son of a bitch” not-so - under - his - breath every five minutes… Until the nudity starts.  Then:  “Ballz, why didn't you just tell me this was about fucked up sex parties???”
“You are, Dean.  I’ll show you.”
and Castiel would gladly give him this, give him
He has a purpose here.
going to understand his words he’ll have to keep talking to him, so he gets the chance to learn them.  Remembering what the card on Castiel’s tank at the pet store said about telepathy, he also
Crowley makes a disgusted noise, and butts back in.  “My black heart warms.  If you won’t listen to me, listen to your boyfriend.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Angel, please,”
The dream shifts as soon as Dean thinks this, zooms back, too fast, and then forward, too fast, and then-- there.
One lone hand claws its way up from the grave.
brave.  How no one should be that brave.
And Cas said all that stuff about Dean’s eyes; about how they were like Life before the Creation, about how they looked like God could be holding them in the palm of his hand, about how they were everything.  But has Cas looked in the mirror?  Has he seen that his eyes are the color of storm-swept waves, crashing into Dean, crashing into the walls he has built around his heart and breaking them down, relentlessly?  Has he seen his eyes flash like lightning, fierce and pure, like an act of God?  Does he know that Dean dreams about them?  Always has?  Dean wants to tell him, but there is so much, just so much to say, and the words all bunch and smash against each other, trying to get out of his throat.
cold.  “And I was scared.”
Gabriel pulled the collar of his jacket out from his neck, slightly ashamed.  “Sorry, bro, I just…” he stammered at Castiel’s closed wings. “Hey, you don’t have to say anything to us, OK, but let’s go somewhere else?  Somewhere, I dunno, less dark and emo and depressing?  Somewhere Balthie and I can just kind of hang out, you know, keep an eye on you, make sure you’re not alone, make sure you’re ok, not like, cutting yourself with your blade and letting your grace leak out because you’re so sad like Luci used to in his Goth phase?  Is that OK?”
And when the night comes on Earth and Dean slips into dreams, Castiel does not wait, he spirals down out of the sky, golden banded, dressed in white again, arms overflowing with flowers, and lands at Dean’s side.  He sits cross-legged with his knees against Dean’s, and drops his load of flowers on Dean's chest, and says “I’m going to make you a crown.”
“I remember,” a growled whisper.
Dean thinks.
No hope for a lightning strike.  No hope at all, and it ate at Dean's heart, and he
Castiel regards Dean carefully.  So maybe it could be
Castiel smiles, and goes back to Heaven.  Thinking he made it better.
He told himself that, but it was a lie.
“Dean,” Castiel takes Dean's face in two hands and kisses his forehead. “Dean.  Will you let me stay with you, forever?” It is all he wants.
“Yes, Dean.  They are everywhere always.”
Castiel answers so directly, and in this place the answer is the air, written in the stars, vibrating through Dean’s body.  Castiel could not lie to him, in this place, Dean thinks. He would see it in the stars. He would feel it in his cells. Castiel could do almost anything to Dean here-- wrap him in cold fire or scream until his ears burst or make him disappear with not only a pop left behind when the air rushes back in to fill the vacant space.  He could do
“And?”  Dean never even went to Sunday school, and he still knows that story.  Even he knows that. Those names: Michael, Lucifer. But not Dean Winchester.  His name was not called, with those ones.
Sam rises back to his feet carefully, but doesn't strike back at Dean.  His eyes make tiny, jerky movements as he thinks hard, and fast.  He swipes at the blood dripping from his split lip, and shoves his hair back out of his face.  “I'm sorry, Dean.  But I had to know he was telling me the truth.  Do you get that?  He looked like… He looked like you
,” he mocks.
The weight of sorrow on Dean lifts, and he claws his way one fingernail width back into this world.
Dean blushes harder.  “I had… I thought… I know what I want you to put there, too.  If you… If it's OK.”
Castiel keeps humming the sun to set, and sets his right hand over Dean's heart.  The notes of his song and the beats of Dean’s heart are the same.  Dean can feel it.  His heart beating like the sun.  This is how Castiel shows him:  it is not dark, where Dean is.  Dean is the light in Castiel's heart.  Always.  Only.  It doesn't matter if there are shadows, in the Pit.
“I was so cold, when you left,” he begins.  That is the start of it.  That was the first foot on the path that ended with his angel eyes piercing through Dean in the vacuum of space.  He was
Sam pushes his hair back from his eyes, and slides the dense list towards Castiel.  “Thanks, Cas,” he says, not even taking his eyes off the computer.  “Thanks.”
When Sekhmet looks away from her snake, her face has composed itself, it is smooth as coffee stirred with cream.  “I will advise you, Highness.”
He sounds like he has never failed, before.
A soul calls to him, in the distance.  It shimmers oilily, in a nauseating ripple.  He cannot abide it.  He calls the First Blade, and caresses its hilt with his thumb as his wings flare out behind him.  This wrongness cannot be allowed to continue to exist.  The red rises, behind his black eyes.  He will purge this blight.  It will break around him and Hell and Earth will be free of it, and where it has gone there will be nothing, and only Dean will remain.  He spreads his wings.  He flies.  Where his shadow passes over the racks, demons and souls alike tremble.  They are right to be afraid.  He is aflame.  He is righteous, again.
Though Dean is gentle with Castiel, and does not yank on him or squeeze him too hard, Castiel’s whole body, torso and tentacles, all goes rigid as soon as Dean starts to try to pull him away.  He chirps with distress, and then all his tentacles squeeze down tighter onto Dean’s shoulder. “Dean!” He squeaks, tentacles rolling and suckers gripping on to the flannel of Dean’s shirt and tearing away with soft ssshs as Dean moves him towards the pot of water.
“Ok.  I’m going to put you on speaker, Cas.”
Panicking, thoughts so fast
him, all of him, has to mark him again, has to make him scream his name in front of all the witnesses of Hell.  Make him scream it so that the angels hear his name echoing in the empty halls of Heaven and are afraid.
He is healed completely of all marks and hurts; Dean’s hands and lips on him yesterday took them all away, one by one.  He dresses to go see Sam, anyway, black jeans (Dean’s) and a heathered grey t-shirt that is loose enough to drape lightly over the scars of his wings.  He doesn’t like to feel anything on them, anything but Dean’s mouth, and hands, which is why he usually goes shirtless.  He goes barefoot and Dean’s jeans are just a little too long for him, and they wrap around his heels.  He stops by the library to acquire volume two of Cain’s hell journal before he goes to Sam.
to him, even though he promised he would, always.  It's bitter, it galls.
He wants to be with Dean forever.  He wants Dean wrapped around him, inside his body, mouth always close enough that he can feel Dean’s warm breath on his skin.  He wants to feel everything Dean feels, through their bond.  He wants Dean to have the same, to be able to feel the extent of Castiel’s love; how it is unwavering and eternal, how it is blinding and deep as the ocean, how it is in every cell of his heart.  He wants to hold Dean as close to him as he can, and whisper in his ear that he is beautiful, that he is good, that he is safe, that Castiel loves him.  He doesn’t want there to ever be anything between them; secrets or clothes or air or space or time or lies.  He wants to only ever inhabit that universe where he is wrapped in Dean’s wings, and Dean is golden above him, eyes shining, strong inside him, and it is only them, Dean and Castiel, and there is nothing else.  He wants to inhabit that universe until the end of time.  After everything else is gone, Earth and Heaven and the angels and the stars and the Pit of Hell.  And he knows that he can, that he will.  That is what the promise means.  That is what they have promised each other.
Dean looks at Castiel for a long moment.  “Will you come with me, Cas?” He asks thoughtfully.  “Just for a minute, will you come with me somewhere better?  Leave your cultist hanging in his sphere, and come with me?”
“Dean,” Castiel says his name, too, and tears are leaking out of his eyes, streaming down his face.  “Is it always like this?”
“Back, Master?”  Castiel kisses Dean’s neck softly, before tilting his head up to look at him, eyes glassy dark and stupid with want.
Dean looks puzzled.  “Then… Who?”
“Please,” Castiel begs again, and he sounds so sad.  “How can I help.”
“What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you, I wonder?” he asks, his thumb tender, on Hydra’s cheek, but pulling torn muscles apart, Hydra shivering in pain.  “The worst thing you have seen, or done, or had done to you, in all your years in Hell?  Is it terrible?  Is it unspeakable? Does it bring tears to your black eyes when you remember it, in the night?”  Castiel’s glowing eyes pierce deep into Hydra’s blank, glassy, fish-ones, blindly aimed not quite at Castiel's face.  Castiel looks hard, as if he were trying to look through Hydra's eyes and see his fear.
Castiel throws his dulled golden knife on a table topped with black velvet, where it lands next to a whetstone and a blackened cloth.  He ignores the wall of knives like he is ignoring Sam, and strides directly to a stand of armor.
When Dean wakes again, out of the black, Castiel is wrapped around him, legs and arms, chest to chest, warm and clinging softly, breath light and easy. He smoothes back Castiel's wild hair, brushes his thumb gently over split lips and purple bruises, and kisses him on the corner of his mouth. Without opening his eyes, Cas smiles. A radiant, soft smile. Angel.
His heart pounding, he rolls over towards the fire and heaves.  Nothing comes up from his stomach but a thin, yellow, bile, and the taste of death.
, he thinks.
“And if I say ‘Return’?”
“Don’t want you to be cold, if I’m gone,” Dean says, and his face is flushed.  Castiel puts the sweater on.  It ruffles his hair when it goes over his head, and he freezes for a second when it settles on has back, afraid it is going to tear at the scars of his wings.  It doesn’t.  It is just soft, and light, and warm.
So, though he has spent his time in Hell since his Fall entirely in his room, with Dean, recovering, he knows that directly outside and adjacent to the armory and the library is the throne room: these are large, major, landmarks in the Pit’s layout.  He knows that with the Master present in the Pit, demons might congregate in the throne room, to wait for orders, or ask for judgement-- Castiel's garrison had fallen on them there, where they waited to serve Alastair; taken them all in one show of force to thin the demon ranks at the very start of their assault.
When Dean took the Pit, its library was dark and smoky, low ceilings above scrolls of human skin written in blood, books with covers of bone that screamed when they were opened. Now it looks exactly like the public library in Kansas City circa 1985, complete with boxy computer terminals that have monitors that glow blue and white and keyboards with keys that actually click when you press them. Such is the nature of Dean's power. They sit at a conference table, finished in peeling vinyl printed to look like wood. In true Midwestern 1980s fuck-the-environment style, the library is also massively, deliciously, air-conditioned. In fact, it is the only air-conditioned room in all of Hell. Behind Castiel, an analog clock ticks loudly on a windowless, beige wall. In Heaven, there were no clocks, it was always all times, and none, the concept meaningless in a dimension of eternity. Castiel likes the clock. It reminds him that he is real, that this is not all some fevered dream. Sometimes, when Dean is gone, he will come to the library, and lay his head on the vinyl table, and let his skin cool while he listens to the clock, ticking, ticking, ticking.
After they escaped, he imagined it, so many times, how it could be different. How he would come to Dean, confess to him in the dark.  It would start with Dean here, in this room in the bunker, alone, drinking from the neck of a bottle of Jack Daniels to numb himself enough to dig stitches into some wound in his own arm.  Castiel imagined that he would appear, wings ruffling behind him, and take the bottle from Dean, though Dean’s hands and lips would chase after it.  He would set it aside, and then take Dean’s wounded arm in his hands.  He would cover the wound with light, and when it was healed he would stroke his fingers over it, reverently.
“You can tell when I’m gone?”  Dean asks Castiel, not looking at Crowley, not even acknowledging that he is there, anymore.
Castiel did not move.  He sat, still as the Father's throne in Heaven.  Breath held.  He did not move.
Dean gives it a light kiss on the cheek and it claps its hands and twirls around on Dean’s chest in a little circular dance, for a while, then hops off and scurries back into the water.
“Yes, Angel.”
---Past---
“Always,” Castiel says.  “I promised you, too, Dean.
“That is not what it was made for,” Castiel agrees.
“You are the only soul that can match Michael,” Castiel says, lifting Dean up with his wings, higher than even the level of his eyes now, raising him up heavenward.  “You are the only one that is strong enough. Fierce enough. Bright enough.”
He never finished what he was about to say.  Because that’s when Dean prayed his first prayer, still lying in bed, just woken from his dream of an empty field, over on a part of Earth far in the distance where the light was just starting to turn pink.  All three angels fell silent.  Listening.
He takes a step towards Dean, but stumbles.  And in his intoxication, he cannot find the way to stand back up.  His legs, his arms, they are water, and they twist, and the carpet underneath him rises and falls like the deck of a ship.  He fights, with himself, within the bondage of his trenchcoat, and he cannot rise.
Dean screams, and his body shakes.
Warnings for this chapter:  a pretty intense (entirely consensual) scene with large-scale demon exhibitionism for Dean and Cas towards the start.  Cas receives significant aftercare afterwards.
“The Master,” the demons cry, desperate, acid tears bubbling on their scabbed faces as they weep their obedience. “The Master, Lord, please, let us serve him.”
to him.
He doesn't keep all the souls that are sent to him.  He keeps the violent ones; the murderers, the rapists, the pederasts, the sadists.  But he doesn't keep the suicides, he doesn't keep the thieves or the cheats or the poor saps that just made a bad deal and find themselves in Hell after 10 years of shacking up with a porn star or being a billionaire or having the corner office.  Those he sends to Crowley, to his Hell of waiting and waiting.  A Hell where there is nothing to do but wait, and wait, and think about what had gone wrong in life to end up there in a line in Hell for eternity.  And even the souls he keeps, he doesn't keep forever.  They are cleansed, on the rack.  They receive punishment equal to the suffering they dealt in life, and then he releases them, to Purgatory, where they can live in the dim violence.  Never in peace, never in the light, never feeling the love of Heaven, but not suffering any longer.  Under Dean, the Pit is still bloody.  It is still violent.  It still echoes with screams.  But it is fair.  And it is not hopeless.
“Yeah, Cas.  Want that.”  Dean's voice almost breaks.
could look away, but he doesn’t.  He chooses this, he thinks. He chooses to fall into these eyes.  He had not made a choice in a very long time, but he chooses this.  He would choose to fall into these eyes, forever. He has made worse choices, about what he will do with himself forever.
“I love him.  I love him, the angel.  Castiel.”
“We will find another way to oppose them,” Castiel reassures, trying to sound certain, though he is not sure what that way will be.  Dean doesn't really hear him, he can tell, he is so lost in his shame, and fear, and grief.
He is thorough.  He is careful.
“Yeah, Dean said that too.”  He finishes changing, and walks forward until he is in front of Castiel, in his field of vision again.
Too, he knew that Dean loved him.  He was as sure of that as that the sun would rise in the morning; he did not stay away because he was unsure of Dean's feelings.  He knew.  At least since Purgatory, when he heard Dean’s prayers.  Desperate and afraid, and filled with longing.  Every night.
That's why they don't notice when he disappears.
Dean’s hand keeps combing through Castiel’s hair, maybe a little faster now.
“You should have killed him.” Castiel interrupts again.  He is a landslide, and now that he is in motion he cannot be stopped.  Certainly not by words.  Certainly not by ambivalent ones like ‘Yeah, but.’  Bent over the cultist’s body, Castiel caresses a lock of hair back from its forehead with the flat of his knife, and circles the point around its closed eye.  This one does not seem like so much, too Cas.  Not strong, not powerful in magic, his soul dim and wavery. Not like Dean's.  How could this one have done this, to Dean?  Castiel doesn't know. But he will find out.  He tilts the cultist head back with the flat of his knife, and peers at him.
“They have to call him ‘Master,’ that is his title, but they all started calling me ‘fucktoy.’  Dean didn’t like that.”  Cas makes a delicate face when he says ‘fucktoy’, like he is a 90 year old church lady saying ‘hip hop’.  Cas is clearly very uncomfortable, and there is still a
Dean opens his mouth, and Castiel takes his finger away.  “I wanted too, Cas.  ‘S a two way street.”  Dean's lips feel swollen, beestung where Cas touched him,  his pulse beating hard through them, remembering.  He reaches up two fingers, and traces them down Cas’ throat.  “Still do.  Told you.  Want you again.”  It's just so warm, pressed between Castiel and the bed.  Castiel's body just fits against his so well.  Smells so good.  He tilts his hips up, just a little, into Castiel.  He just wants...
“I don’t care, they’re my fries!” Dean protested. “Knock it off!”
“Hey, handsome,” she said, gaze raking over the ex-angel’s body. “Can I buy you a drink?”
A smile began to spread across Charlie’s face. “Awesome. Luckily for you, I have a list of the most effective ways of getting my OTP to make out. Hold on, lemme get it….”
“Pretty easy,” Sam said. “Anyway, Dean was just telling me about your guys’ case….”
“Shit,” he said apologetically, “sorry, man. Didn’t mean to hit on your boyfriend.” He tried for a smile that came out more like a grimace. “I’ll just—“ he gestured vaguely off to the side, “yeah.”
Gun raised, Dean charged in, Cas following quickly behind with his angel blade, and Charlie and Sam behind them.
“And I’ve kept my word!” Rowena said.
When they reach across the counter to give Dean his coffee, their fingers brush.
Charlie elbowed him. “Shut up. We can talk about trope-ing me and her tomorrow. Tonight, we’re celebrating.”
“You know what I mean. But—“
“Don’t answer that!” Sam pleaded. He couldn’t handle it.
Yes, Castiel knows that they have a bit of a crush. That doesn’t mean they’re going to admit it to Meg, though.
“Clarence? That your middle name?” the man asks.
thank you to everyone who comments or leaves kudos! I’m so glad you’re enjoying this little chaotic trope fest :)
Jack leaned forward eagerly. “Uh-huh!”
Jack rushed over, grinning just as radiantly when Dean put the smaller of the two hats on him.
The oldest trick in the book and Sam was tucking the hex bag into Cas’ trench coat pocket, unsuspected.
“I’ve got a case in Iowa, too,” Charlie said. “A little further south. Looks like a spectre.”
They were waiting outside. As soon as Sam had pulled over, Dean was shooing him out of the driver’s seat.
“Yeah,” he said wearily. “I saw that.”
“Just glad you’re here,” Dean says, and the admission makes him blush a little. “But, uh— would you— listen?”
“Naked cuddling?” Dean choked out, unsuccessfully trying to sound normal about that.
There was more clattering of keys, then a soft ding as the email came in.
Castiel is used to the Monday crowd, which is why they startle when they hear, “Hey, Cas! Quick, you’ve gotta help me!”
The bell rings again as he leaves. It’s another minute before the patron Meg is serving leaves, and then and only then does Castiel indulge themself and drop their head to the counter.
“What?” Sam repeated.
Dean huffed a laugh. “I think Daddy needs a little more sleep.”
“Nope. Close second, but she’s no Harrison Ford,” Dean says, “Anyway, now that we’ve settled this, thanks to Cas’ good taste—“
“I liked the ewoks,” Castiel offers.
Sam nodded, as though he had any experience as a wingman.
“So!” Charlie says loudly, “The incredible, iconic Chewbacca, or carbon-frozen Han Solo?”
Sam fought the urge to face palm. Dammit, Dean. You were making progress.
TW: Dean copes via alcohol (but it’s not as extreme as before).
“Steve and Wyatt Smith?” Her companion squealed. “They are! Why, I remember when Rob and I were newlyweds like that. We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other!”
They came back to the bunker a while later, Charlie with her flannel and Cas with a bulging bag in each hand.
Castiel nods and they can’t stop the gummy smile that finds its way onto their face. “Yes, Dean, I’ll go on a date with you.”
Rowena waved a hand, sending the four of them backwards and pinning them against the wall. “I’m sure you can fix it,” she said. “Castiel just needs a little skin to skin contact—“
This was too perfect.
They think that they enjoyed themself at Winchester Records.
“Me, too,” Dean says, then flushes. “Uh.”
“Come on, Cassie!” he begs. “Don’t tell me I got ordained for nothing!”
They roll their eyes in response.
also, I promise it gets better for everyone’s favorite bi disaster and queer angel. eventually. *cough* spoiler alert: the next few chapters *cough* fluffier things are coming soon.
“It’s just an observation,” Charlie protested.
“Goodness, can’t you lot just leave a woman to practice her craft in peace?” Rowena said, rising from her chair irritably.
Castiel doesn’t comment on it, instead, they continue talking with Dean.
“My brother,” Castiel explains, and Dean… relaxes? Before they have time to completely register that, he’s talking again.
When they talk to Meg about it, she laughs.
Cas nodded, seeming to accept that explanation, and ducked back into the changing room.
“Okay,” Jack said, grabbing their hands. “Now let’s go!”
“You still sound jealous,” Cas noted, even more amused.
Gabriel keeps telling them to get their head out of their ass.
“It is,” Cas agreed, the corner of his mouth twitching up. “I found their attempt to have strangers flirt with me particularly amusing.”
And then after a moment, Dean begins to talk.
The words were closer. A melody had slipped through his shell, accompanied by the rumbling of a voice.
“Actually,” Dean said, piling a stack of pancakes onto a plate, “I have one present that you can open before everyone shows up.”
Jack cheered and scrambled off the bed. He grabbed Dean’s hand and dragged him out of the room, presumably in the direction of the kitten. Cas took another fifteen minutes or so before following them.
“Maybe,” Castiel says.
“Okay,” Dean says. He grabs the other coffees and gives them one last radiant smile. “I guess, uh. See ya, Cas.”
“What?” Charlie was incredulous. “We’re gonna miss all the action!”
He’s wearing a t-shirt with the words
“I opened my own place, too, actually,” Dean continues, oblivious. “Not a coffee shop, but still a business. Winchester Records.”
“We’re coming,” Cas said. “We were just talking.”
Sam huffed a laugh.
“All good things, I hope. Didn’t expect to see you here either, uh… Diane and Lacy!” came Dean’s voice.
“But she’s older than me,” Jack reasoned.
Dean froze. “Shi— shoot.” He tugged on Jack’s hand to get him to stop and crouched down so they were level. “Hey, kid. I’ve gotta make your cake real quick. Can I come join you and Daddy outside in a little bit?”
Dean grumbled, but didn’t argue.
“I’m sure he is,” Cas said. “We can go look for frogs.”
With their attention everywhere but on their books, they heard when Dean’s footsteps approached.
“I like bees,” Castiel says. “The adjective was a little more difficult. It took me almost two weeks to decide between ‘busy’ or ‘buzzy.’”
“Hey, Cas,” he said, stepping inside. “Brought you some—“ He cut off abruptly, coffee mugs in hand forgotten as he noticed Cas’ clothes. Dean opened his mouth as though to say something, then snapped it shut, swallowing hard.
“I’m gay, Dean,” Cas said bluntly.
“—what can I help ya with?” Dean finishes, looking brightly at Castiel.
“So,” he said, “angel of mine, what’d they say?”
dean and cas having domestic conversations in other dimensions is one of my favorite things. only those two could argue over what color they were gonna paint their kitchen while they’re kicking ass in purgatory or something. I should write that.
“I didn’t know you were coming,” he said, grinning. He turned to Sam. “Did you know?”
Sam and Charlie were casually sitting at the other table reading— if they could call it that. Sam had gotten through four pages in the past half hour, and Charlie even less.
“She’s a menace,” he says. “But she also does the books, so I can’t complain. Too much.” Dean starts moving towards the door. “See ya, Cas!”
Dean stood. “Follow me. You too, Cas.”
It’s quick and chaste enough that by the time Dean realizes what’s happening Castiel is already pulling away, but his grin widens nonetheless.
I live for Jack eating cereal at 3am.
“There’s only one right answer to this,” Dean says solemnly. “Han Solo or Chewbacca?”
Castiel can’t help but mirror his smile as they slide a generous slice of pie onto a plate. “Any given worker bee will produce about a teaspoon of honey during her lifetime.”
“That’s not the point. The point is yeah, I’ll make Freckles his fucking pie,” Meg says. “But you should ask him out.”
Charlie beamed. “Come on, bitches. The mall awaits.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean said, “but it’s pretty funny.”
Cas looked over at Dean. “Did you get him that for him or for you?”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean,” Castiel says.
“Yeah, Cas,” he says, smiling. “I’ll take my bee fact.”
“You’re ridiculous,” Cas told him, eyes crinkling fondly.
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented or left kudos! You guys make me grin like an idiot. I’m pretty sure my friends think I’m in a secret relationship, but really I’m just smiling because y’all are so sweet :)
Sam held back the urge to sigh.
On any given day, Jack was a bundle of energy. He was almost constantly brimming with excitement, pulling whoever was nearby off for some escapade or another. Hence why Cas wasn’t surprised when he woke up to a small body jostling the bed and small hands shaking his shoulder.
“Actually, Charlie wants to leave now,” Charlie said, poking her head into the library. “Ready to go, guys?”
“Wait,” the woman says, “You’ve never seen Star Wars?”
JUST TRUST ME ON THIS ONE GUYS OKAY
“I’ll bring snacks, too,” Charlie promised. “Research commences in T-minus seven minutes.” With that, she disappeared, headed towards the kitchen.
“Oh,” Cas said. “Apologies. I’m actually gay.”
The shaking stopped. “But isn’t he excited?” Jack asked, a little more subdued. “It’s my birthday
“Uh, well,” Dean said eloquently when he remembered how to talk, “I’m sure you’ll pick up lots of dudes, too.”
“Wyatt,” Cas said, sounding almost breathless, “we’re in public.”
“What about tentacles? Is there a spell for that?” Charlie asked. They were sitting in Sam’s room again, laptops open.
Neither of them say much, but Dean watches Castiel work. They can feel his eyes on them. It’s not all that different from usual— Dean always watches them work; when Castiel asks why, Dean blushes and glances away before changing the subject— but something feels different about it this time. It’s still the easy, comfortable interaction they’re used to, but something about it has shifted.
“I get to be a cowboy!” he exclaimed.
Meg rolls her eyes. “The kid probably can’t even read yet.”
The UST. It was still there.
Castiel rolls their eyes fondly. “I’m not gay, Meg, but thank you. And no, Crowley still doesn’t allow pets.”
“Lewis,” the guy said charmingly. “Bisexual.”
Harper Falls was a small, sleepy town. Any other time, Sam would have enjoyed it, but in places like these, everyone knew everyone, and unusual things stuck out, including new people. Like bubbly redheads and tall people. Or, a new gay couple.
“Yeah!” Dean said. “Ca— Steve here hasn’t ever had Chinese before, can you believe it?”
“Crowley doesn’t allow pets,” Castiel reminds her. They don’t add that they’re fine; they don’t mind that they come home every day to an empty apartment. Not too much, at least.
Dean grins proudly. “Yup. The thing is, I’d just stock all good music. But we do exchanges— you bring in something you don’t want and get a discount on something you buy— so we get all this crap.” He waves his hand towards the
“Thanks, Cas,” he says. It seems more sincere, just
“It’s a shortened version of my name,” they say without missing a beat. “Lemon or blueberry muffin?”
Castiel fixes him with a serious look. “‘Those fuckers’ are incredibly important to the environment,” they say.
Sam had enough time to exchange a wide eyed, fearful look with Charlie before she was dragging him under the table.
Dean was shooting daggers at the guy, clutching his beer tightly enough that Sam was surprised the bottle hadn’t shattered.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says wearily. He tries for a smile but it comes out as a grimace.
“Okay. So, field trip to Iowa,” Dean said.
“How can I help?” they ask.
Dean grins innocently. “Don’t know what you’re talking about, Charlie,” he says, turning back to Castiel. “I’d like a caramel latte, a Bumblebee Iced Mocha, and a favor, then.”
“What the hell, Cas—“
Cas looked Dean over suspiciously. “Dean—“
The bell rings again as he leaves.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says. “Bee fact and coffee for your favorite customer? Two Bumblebee Iced Mochas and an iced honey macchiato for Charlie.”
Cas set down his mug and moved to help Jack off the counter.
“Heya, Cas,” he says cheerfully.
They think about Michael’s ice-cold stare and Luke’s contempt and Hael’s disgust. The condescending remarks their parents make and how everyone but Gabriel and Alfie agrees. How Alfie still says
Castiel focuses on every other aspect of their visit, because
Sam stared at her.
Castiel squints at him. “That doesn’t sound good.”
Dean remembered the first time he had made a pie. He’d been about five. His mother had come home from the store with a bag bursting at the seams with cherries. There’d been an excited twinkle to her eyes.
“Wow,” Charlie said, awed as she watched Rowena leave. “Witches are hot as fuck.”
Dean grins just as widely as Castiel. “Awesome,” he says, then repeats it. “
, it wasn’t on his lips.  But it was in his heart.  It was in his heart, that
Dean’s heart beats and he can see it pulsing in the stars as they dance.  This is how Castiel knew that Dean’s heart beats like the song of the sun.  He can hear it now, that same song, like he is the one singing it.  Like he has always been singing it.  Like it is a part of him, like he really is golden.  Bright.  The one that shines.
, you son of a bitch.”  He throws Sam onto the ground like a rag doll, disgusted.
“Cas, Castiel, angel,
rack.  And he was vacant, empty, beaten but he still didn't want Alistair’s attention.  He didn’t want that, not ever, no matter what Alistair whispered in his ear, of sweetness or of threat.
“Ssshhhh, Dean.  It’s ok.  I’m here now.  You’re safe.  I’ve got you.  It can’t hurt you anymore, whatever it was.  It can’t hurt Sam either.  I’m here.”
They slide against each other, hard and sweaty and pressed together so tight.  “Cas,” Dean still breathes on every breath, through the slow ages that pass by as Castiel holds him, moves against him. Makes him rise, and rise, and rise.  Airy and choked out, he says it over and over: “Cas, Cas,”
We’re going to the lake.
“Nobody wants that.”  Sam looks disgusted, and a frost breaks over Dean’s heart.  Sam’s right.  Dean does love Cas.  Dean never would hurt Cas.  Dean didn’t hurt him, and he hates that his brother thinks that he did.  Thinks that he
*****
They nod again.  “Ishkar understands love.  Ishkar understands forever,” they say, by way of explanation.  They extend their elbow another inch, pushing their hand towards the human.  “Choose.”
“You saved me, Cas.  “You always save me.”
The day with no prayers is worse.
bruised up, bitten up, he's my friend too, and I had to know.  What would you have done, in my place?”
“No.”
Angels are DICKS.
Dean is experiencing Castiel’s love now, his stars, their heat, but could he experience those shadows, too?  Could he feel what it was like for Castiel to… have him… that way?  Were they… were they cold, did he make Castiel cold, is that why there are shadows?
, he had
“Cas,” Dean chokes out, “Castiel,” clawing at Castiel’s back, pulling him closer, tighter, trying to pull him inside and keep him there, until Castiel finally breaks away, panting.
“Stop,” Dean says, and Dean’s cock slams into him, filling him up.  He spasms in his chains, but he doesn’t breathe.
As Castiel said, only for a moment.  And then it begins to… fill.
That makes Cas cry twice as hard.  Not worth it?  Dean is worth everything.  He
“Yeah,” Dean replies, breathless, dizzy with Castiel’s kisses, drunk with them.
“If you like, I can fetch those for you,” Castiel says, gesturing at the first sheet of decimals that Sam has filled.  “I know where they are.  You can keep searching.”
Then he looks at Gabriel’s armor, just looks at it, and only begins to think that he should put it on, and it is on him.  Fitting itself to his body, perfectly.
(See the end of the chapter for
His landing in the dark corner of Dean's room is unsteady; water glasses rattle on nightstands as he alights.  He throws a heavy blanket of grace on Lisa, immediately, and keeps her deep, deep, asleep, but Dean is already awake.  Dean is already staring at him with angry eyes, head rested on hands laced behind his neck.  Like he expected this.  Somehow.  Like somehow he knew that Castiel would come to him, stumbling, broken.
*****
(See the end of the chapter for
And if Castiel
Cas nods, solemnly.
I will mark you here,” Castiel says, suddenly, breaking the long silence that has built up between them.  His voice is certain, strong.  His first two fingers rest behind Dean's left ear.
"Still caged."
Dean starts to move.  Slow and hard and long.  The hand that is not gripped tightly in Cas’ slides up Castiel’s body, to weave into his hair.  “Cas,” he can’t stop whispering.  “Cas.”  He fucks Castiel as deep as he can.  He remembers what Castiel asked him for, before they last parted.  As deep as he can, as long as he can, as hard as he can.  He sets himself to it, though his whole body is shaking and his heart feels like it is going to beat out of his chest and he just can’t stop whispering, over and over, “Cas.  Castiel.”  He fucks Castiel like that, tender and slow, holding his hand.  He fucks him on the cliff’s edge, as the water rushes by and the sun sets behind the forest.
“I hate you,” he replied eventually, all fight gone out of his voice, face gone pale from blood loss.
Castiel did not imagine this..  He does not know what will happen, now.  Is the third party an ally, or an enemy?  Alive or dead?  Human or creature?  Cultist or victim?  He does not know.  He only knows that he has ten seconds to prepare himself for this unknown audience before Dean appears.
The hand on his forehead pulls away.  Dean whines, and seeks towards it.  He doesn’t find it, but dream-Castiel comforts him immediately; wraps around him and holds him close, everywhere, and whispers in his ear, “You’re my heart.  Be my everything, Dean.”  Dean melts, against him.  Dean melts, inside.
Castiel does it again.
This time, the Gatekeepers let them pass.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel says, “I love you.  Only you.  Forever.”  His voice is disembodied, it sinks into Dean though Castiel’s open mouth hasn’t left his neck.  A strong hand circles around Dean’s ribs, to his chest, and rests warm over Dean’s heart; the other finds the small of Dean’s back.  A third hand, a hand that is not from the dream, caresses Dean’s forehead, smoothes his hair back.  Dean leans in to them all.  No one has ever touched him like Castiel does, with such reverence, such care.  He is starved for it.  He thinks he always will be.  It is something essential about his nature, about the spaces that are left empty inside him from his childhood, that he craves this gentle touch, needs it.  Castiel understands.  Dean doesn’t have to tell him, and he understands, and in the dream Castiel shifts so that more of his skin finds Dean’s, as much skin as possible.  This is what Castiel would do, if they were awake.  This is what Castiel does, in the dream.
This situation was slipping away from Dean, in a bad way, in a way that made him feel panicky and caged in, and he needed to try to get a handle on it.
Castiel will not show Crowley more respect than Crowley has shown him.  He interrupts in return.  “Sam Winchester has taken him and is holding him the bunker, where he plans to attempt to ‘cure’ him of the demonic strain.”
Cas shivers, and closes his eyes.   A silence follows; in it he breathes through his mouth and leans towards Dean, just a degree more in to his space, as Dean rubs a thumb over the now perfect flesh of Castiel's hand, intent, focused on reassuring himself that no other hurts mar Castiel's skin.
Dean starts to feel nauseas, and then dizzy, and within three steps he is down on his knees.  The air is so heavy. Being alive, is so heavy. He has forgotten how to breathe. He has forgotten how to walk.  He has forgotten how to eat anything that isn't poison. He has forgotten how not to be afraid.
Castiel nods again, bravely.  “I will hold you back, Dean.  When the world is cruel to you, I will always hold you back.  I promise."
Zachariah regains the powers of speech first.  “We are not
There is a pause.  Then: “Why did you annihilate him, Cas?”  Dean asks very quietly, the glow that was suffusing his skin lessening until it is gone.  Like he knows, there must be some terrible reason, and can not sustain his brightness in its face.  The face of whatever terrible story that explains what happened in Iowa, explains why the leader of the cult he met there is now ash in the plane of fire.   Annihilated, instead of serving him in Hell, or on Earth.  What could he have told Cas, to earn that fate of all the fates that faced him?
Castiel casts his gaze down.  “I told you, Dean.  I wasn't sure.  And…”
“Ssshhh, Castiel.  Sssshhhh, sweetheart.  It’s OK.  Nothing’s ruined.  Do you want… do you want to lay here, with me, again?  Do you want to touch me like that, again?”
Castiel reanimates him, but doesn’t heal his body.  He comes back to life first with a gasping inhale, and second with an agonized scream that goes on and on until the oxygen gained with that first inhale is gone.  Then another inhale, and another scream.
It comes out quiet, despite his full lungs, almost a whisper.  He sags again immediately after the words have left his mouth.  Those were hard words. Those words took his strength.  Those words call to mind the fever dreams he had during his Fall, the dreams where Dean had to lock him in a dark Cage, because he was too insane and mind broken to be anywhere else.  He will break the bond, if Dean asks it of him, if Dean prefers that sundering to a future where strange cultists lure him out of his home and cut themselves and bleed on him and die and and spend their last energy to touch him and spend their last words to say “All for you.”  If Dean would rather break the bond than face that future, Cas will hate it, he will cry, his heart still shatter, but he will break the bond.  He will do it, if Dean asks.  But Dean will have to put him in the Cage, after.  He will be too broken to be anywhere else.
.  These guys are lightweights, anyway.”
“Ssshhh, baby, I've got you.  My angel, gonna take care of you, give you just what you need, make you feel so good, I promise.  So good, Cas.” He strokes his fingers back through his soaking wings, and when they come forward glistening with oil he gently pushes Castiel's hands away and starts working on him himself.  Castiel's hands go back to Dean's wings, but now he is just trying to hold on, hold himself down so he will not float off like a balloon and pop.  His hands hold Dean's dripping wings tight as his body shakes and rolls and fucks at Dean's fingers and his cock strives and leaks against his stomach.
There are not as many leaves on the trees, now.  There is not yet any snow, but it is on the air. The blackberries are dead now, frozen and black.  Dean’s breath hovers in front of his face as he climbs the steps to the cabin. The fire has long since gone out, and it is cold, inside.  Gravel on his shoes scratches at the wood plank floor. He does not hold the door open for Castiel; he does not acknowledge him at all. He instead crosses the room to the fireplace, and pokes at the blackened log there with an iron.
“I remember, Dean.”  Castiel had not been able to understand how one body could hold so much anger.  Naomi had taken away the part of him that would have been able to understand. He thought: Dean would flame out, at any moment, brighter than the sun.  He thought: Dean must be so strong, to be filled with that and bear it.
*****
*****
His dream changes, too.  Now he is lying in a field.  It is not drab and browned and dead like the field in Thrull.  It is much like the Garden.  Grass is green and sky is cloudless, and blue.  A soft breeze whispers in the grass, and Dean runs his fingers through the blades and they feel so clean.  He feels clean, too.  He doesn't feel all the blood that should be on him.  He doesn't feel the dirt, that never washes away, no matter how hard he scrubs.  His skin just feels the sun, warm and yellow and bright.  No shadows in this field, only sun, nowhere a monster could hide.  Safe, it is safe in this field, he knows.  He does not have to fear.  He likes it, here.
“Dean, no, don’t go, Dean, no!” Castiel’s hands try to find purchase on Dean’s transparent form and can’t, they slip right through.  “NO!”  He sobs.
Castiel whines.  Why is Dean not with him yet?  There is enough room, in the sky.  It is too cold, without him.  “Cold.  Magic.  Dean.  You.  Now.”
.  The man has dark hair, and blue eyes.  He feeds Dean rubies and jet that is black as smoke.  It is right, that he comes to feed Dean. This is what Dean deserves.  He is majesty.
Castiel looks at Dean’s hole, fascinated by the way it seems to strive for him.  To want him back, his finger, his tongue, though he is an intrusion.  This is not something he imagined.  He lets his finger reach out, to trace around Dean’s rim.  Little shocks of lightning sparking between them as he circles around, and around.  So many nerves there, he sees with his angel eyes.  So many of them lighting up and sending sparks up Dean’s spinal column, into his brain.
Dean is too impatient for Crowley’s banter.  “Who has the Pit, now?”
again
“I do-- He wanted--”
Castiel's hair and trenchcoat rustle in the breeze that rustles too in the limbs of the forest trees.  He squints, though it is dim in the fog on the mountain.
him.  He wishes that Dean were with him now.  To take him like that.  To cover him and kiss him slow, until he trembles and tears leak from his eyes and he clings to Dean like he is dying.
Castiel is not touching him.  They are close, very close, but not touching.  Deliberately not touching.  Castiel’s hands are limp at his sides, his eyes are closed, lids dark, and tears are still streaming down his face.
It hits Castiel like a slap.  Dean sounds so hurt, so betrayed.  The pain in his voice stabs at Castiel and if that wasn’t bad enough Castiel
Castiel sees, thinks, mouth watering, tongue thick, lips gone numb.
Sam follows, but looks back over his shoulder at Oraxes, jaw set.  Castiel puts a hand on the small of his back, and firmly directs him towards the library.  “What was that guy’s problem?”  Sam asks, finally turning his head forward and moving.  He does not see that Oraxes continues to stare at him, at his back, his red eyes narrowing and his tongue continuing to sweep over rotten teeth, his clawed hand twitching towards the curved dagger at his hip.
“I know what you’re doing Gabriel.  I’m not a child,” Castiel says gruffly, not letting go of the wisps of cloud twined around him, not letting his wings slip an inch.
Enough grace for Castiel to enter the dream.
He paced, and the first words out of his mouth were:  “Get it back.” Nothing else, until then.
In heaven, Chuck gives Gabriel a high five.
Sam nods his understanding.  “Lucifer cultists usually wear black.” Sam knows a lot, about Lucifer.
Dean continues:  “We need to know what he knows.  If he knows anything besides what the best episodes of Shark Week are, which I doubt.”
could effect his body so profoundly, make his skin flush and prickle needle sharp behind his neck, make his cock harden a warm throb with every pulse of his heart.  But it did.  Oh, it did.  And he wanted it again.
. But also
*****
Dean's cold tears become icicles on his lashes as he just floats, floats away, away from his body, away from the heat of the Pit, away from the crazed laughter ringing in his ears.  He doesn't try to stop.  He doesn't try to hold on.  It would be too hard, and he is too tired, and there is too much broken here, too much damage.  He doesn't want to be anchored here.  It is easier to fall towards Cain's laughter.
Dean wants to scream, but he can’t.  Dean wants to beg, but he can’t.  He doesn’t have a voice anymore, he only has roaring static that drowns out everything but his pounding heartbeat.  He doesn’t have a body anymore, he has a magnet that is so charged, so drawn to Castiel, that the bond between them when they touch is going to turn them from two bodies to one.  It is undeniable.  Castiel is going to fuck him with his grace, he's going to, he's already, and it makes Dean's tongue thick in his mouth and his cock leak in his pants knowing that it is going to happen, it's already happening, Cas is going to scratch his nails down Dean’s back again so he can scream again and come, come all over Cas in spurts and long white spurts until he is empty and dry and it hurts to come and still Cas is not going to stop raking his fingers down Dean’s back, staring at him with lightning eyes while Dean sobs into his chest, spent and broken:
It feels like they could stay sitting this way, just this way, forever.  It feels like nothing else matters.  The calamity that always surrounds them is fading away to a low, dim, buzz.  Sam’s anger, the busted bunker, the demons let loose there:  unimportant.  Far away, when Dean's thumbs test the edge of Castiel's hip bones and feel the skin shift over them.
“Open your eyes for me, Cas.”
He settles his body more heavily over Dean's, covering him as best he can, from toes to foreheads, taking Dean's hands in his own and kissing the knuckles, light, soft, presses of his lips.  “I'm here, Dean.  Right here with you.  Always.”
The tip of a wing brushes back a strand of hair, from Dean’s forehead.  “They will call us to return, all too soon.”
That gets Castiel out of the car.  “Ok, Dean.”
He scratches the top of Dean’s head and behind his ears, with his staff.  He sings Dean a slow song about treasure and the open sky in a voice so deep it seems like it is part of the cave that they rest in.
“Two days.  Man, you were
He watched over Dean, many nights, as an angel.
He prayed
He wonders if Castiel only means the nearby stars will turn to an emerald shade, or if he will wake up encased in emerald like Sleeping Beauty.  He wonders, if the stars turn emerald, will they be seen that way on Earth? He wonders, how Castiel would free him, if he woke all entombed inside an emerald stone?
The next time Castiel takes a taste and spits it out, he makes same disgusted chirp but then he crawls down Dean’s arm a little and looks at him with his head tilted and says “Dean?” Like he requires an explanation for why Dean would cover himself in this stuff.
, Dean, I’m just here.  Just here, a person, nowhere else, nothing else, powerless, weak.  What am I supposed to do now, Dean?  Now that I’m not an angel any more?”
is what drove them.  Oh, and how this is so much worse than if they had been driven only by the desire for power, for conquest; so much worse than if they had been only misled by Lucifer and his serpent’s tongue.  Oh, so much worse.
Dean presses his lips, thinking about that.  Thinking about Cas’ bare chest glinting with sweat as he twists and thrusts, spins and ducks and strikes.  Maybe he should spar with Cas sometimes.  “Cas, I could -”
But then Castiel reaches out one tentacle, and slides it gently down Dean’s cheek, soaking up the salt tears under Dean’s left eye.  He repeats for Dean’s right. “OK, Dean. Take care of you,” he says, and though his voice is pitched high it is very serious. “Castiel take care of Dean.”
, why doesn’t Dean see that?  Is nothing serious, to the Demon?
*****
Holding Castiel to his chest again, Castiel’s tentacles wrapped around his forearm, as he stumbles downstairs to make breakfast with his hair half smooshed from sleeping.
Now, Dean knows the direction of the sun, again.  Now, Dean has done a wrong and he knows it.  But he can make it right, again.  This, at least, he can make right, even if there are three dead in Iowa.  He can pick Castiel's knives up off the floor and hang them true again.  He can show them reverence and care, the care he should always show Castiel, and all his sacred places.  He can make them ready, to receive Castiel's hard, glittering, beauty.
For six nights, Castiel wondered.
like the fate of the world is behind his eyes.
Three days.  Dean dreamt of the field every night, and the tone of his longing changed.  It wasn’t so
The ones that draw weapons are foolish, arrogant, too stupid or cocksure to know what danger walks towards them, shining and holy but seeming very delicate, very careful.  He is too beautiful, they think, his steps are too precise; here is a crystal in a plane of dark marble and they will shatter him.
---Present---
(for having missed this chance so many times, when Cas was alive)
“What,” Dean gulps.  “What was that?” His voice just a little too high.
“There is a… Prophecy.”
Dean doesn’t know what that means, so he shakes his head, but he keeps his palm on the glass.  “It’s ok, little guy.  I’m gonna take you home.”  And he is, he realizes in that second, no way is he gonna let his little octopus friend panic into spinning around like a pinwheel again.
Cas adjusts the bag over his shoulder, as is, stuffed with plaid, and walks down the hall, to Dean’s room.
the Castiel that he had left behind. Those were
He doesn't respond to Gabriel’s absurd story telling, and Balthazar makes only absolutely the most perfunctory polite noises.  So, when the C.S. Lewis story is over, Gabriel doesn't start another one, instead staring down into his drink wordlessly and stirring the ice around with a tiny pink plastic stick loaded with Maraschino cherries, until the vinyl records on the juke box turn over and go quiet with empty clicks.
“That son of a bitch,” Dean says, tears leaking from his eyes, indignation fighting old pain in his voice.  He does not let go of his hold on Castiel's neck, to wipe his tears away. His fingers tighten, a little, there.
“Means I gotta keep doin’ what’s right.  Even when it sucks.  Which is most of the time.”
He could set Dean down on their bed, and kiss his body.  He would go slow, his tongue would trace the words of his devotion.  His eyes would be wide open, and he would never look away.
Castiel looks away.  “If you decide you don’t--”
Now Dean is lying in the Garden again.  The racks are gone, the dark is gone, the screams are gone.  The flickering shadows, gone.  Here, the grass is soft under his back, and tickles his neck where it is bare.  Flowers have grown in around his place on the ground, since last he was here, indigo shaded forget-me-nots, and they lean heavy-petaled over him, brushing his chest and casting long-fingered shadows.  Their scent is light and floral and surrounds him in a delicate cloud.
Dean looks down at Cas.  “Cas?” Castiel looks up at him.  “Cas.” He says again, pointing at Cas, then “Dean,” he says, pointing at himself.
“It's ok, it's ok, ”  Cas calms, hands rubbing up and down Dean's back, trying to comfort him.  It's pretty clearly not ok, not yet; Castiel feels tears dripping against his neck.  Feels that trembles have become sobs.   But Cas will make it ok.  With kisses and whispered words, with his knives and that cultist strangled by his own intestines if that's what it takes.  Castiel will make it ok.  He promises himself that he will, to ease his panic at seeing Dean like this, afraid and empty and sobbing in the destroyed cache.  He kisses Dean's head softly, his hands combing gently into Dean's hair.  He will make it ok.
“Halo’s gone, angel,” Dean says, when Cas’ hair is smooth and clean.  “Can you bring it back for me?”  And his first finger draws straight across Castiel’s hairline, where he was banded with gold in the last dream.
Ana thought.
The angel turned.
“NO?!” Uriel roars, enraged that this lump of meat has defied him, even this long.  He crushes Dean's head between his two hands and holds their foreheads together for a moment before calm returns to him, and he smiles his horrible smile again.
him.  He's my friend too.  He's down here in
, until you have it back. It's too important.  Please.”
, Dean worries, suddenly afraid.  Is Castiel hiding his true form because it is terrible?  Frightening? Chaotic? Does Castiel's true form have long teeth that drip with venom?  Bone claws made for slashing the souls of the unfaithful? Is it hard to imagine because he is nothing more than a cloud of evil?  Is it hard to describe because it has so many clockwork parts, each sharper and more cruel than the last? Dean imagines a hundred terrible forms from the Pit and tries to imagine how they could become worse,
Dean lines three fingers up, thrusts them in to Cas, leans back and assesses how Cas’ puffy hole takes them in, slick and shining and surrounded with Dean’s oil.  He inhales sharply as the slide in, sheathed tight in Castiel.  “You ready, Cas? I don't want to hurt you.”
“I am going to tattoo my Name on the Master.  I am going to tattoo it there in blood.”
When he has slumped over at Uriel's feet, Uriel dusts off his hands, and looks over at Dean, who is struggling to get to Cas against Bartholomew’s grip.  “He was getting too close to do what needed to be done. Losing his judgement.” He advances on Dean. “Too close to his charge.” His hand strikes Dean in just the same manner as it struck Castiel, but instead of light rushing out of Dean's eyes and mouth, ugly black smoke rushes in.  Dean doesn't hear him say “You.”
“You came back.”
forward against Dean's face, spearing himself on Dean's tongue, so hard, so close, that Dean can't breathe.
It's a classic for a reason.”
Castiel whimpers again, and doesn’t answer Dean’s question.  He can’t.  Dean’s hands on his face, touching him the way they just touched his hair?  He can’t imagine.  He can’t bear the thought, it is too much, it overwhelms him.  So instead, he answers one of Dean’s prayers, just one part of one prayer from the first day.
“Ok,”
so much that his heart will turn to water and run down from his eyes.  Tears are usually hot but these will be cold.  So cold.  Without Dean.
Not enough.  Not this time.  “Say it, Cas,” Dean’s voice wobbles.  “You have to tell me.”  A plea.
Castiel holds him up.  What he imagines is so
.  They are each as tall as Dean’s whole body, and they are the brightest blue in this universe.  They look like they know all there is to know in the world, so much. They look like they are pained by all the hurt in the world, so much.  All-seeing. All-knowing. All-feeling. God-like.
Dean raises his hands, palms out, defensively.  “Woah, Sam, hold on, let a guy get a word in edgewise, would you?”
Finally, Dean grinds out, “You said you could get it back.  Right away.  If that’s what I wanted.”  He repeats what he has said before; his short circuited brain can manage that.  His eyes are teary when he looks at Cas.  “Were you lying?”
Castiel climbs a little way down Dean’s arm, so he can look Dean in the face.  His eyes are big and wide and blue, and his lower lip is quivering.
Castiel knows that future is a possibility.  He knows that Dean may have suffered too much.  He has always known. Before the Siege, he knew it, and dismissed it, being certain that he would triumph.  But now he sees it, and is afraid. Not of what it would mean for the world. He does not care if the world burns, already he does not care about that.  He cares because of what it would mean for Dean. For what it would mean to his own heart, which he fears might now be stirring, at the worst time, of all times.
“Sam, he’s--”
“There is a patch of blackberries in the bend of the stream that flows around this cabin,” Castiel says, instead of ‘Good morning, Dean.’
He prepares the golden bowl.  He prepares the ritual knife.  He prepares the holy water.
“I’m an angel of the lord,” Castiel says, simply.  That always used to be enough.
For a second, nothing comes out of the crack in the floor but a light.  A light that is familiar somehow, and comforting to Dean.  A light that makes him think that everything is going to be ok.  Just for that one second.
This speech only makes Uriel and Bartholomew laugh again, Zachariah’s mouth dropped open even farther, his arms spread wide in appeal to sanity and good sense that is not present in this moment.
“Everything you want Dean.  Everything you need.  Forever.  That’s what I promised you.”
Because.
like it.  But he also didn’t think he had the luxury of refusing for a reason as weak as
He startles when, almost immediately, his phone rings.
The stars pulse brighter.  Each and every one.
But Castiel is watching him too closely.  “Hello, Dean,” he says. “Do you feel rested?”  like it is such an important question, and he asks it so solemnly into the quiet night, like he is a news anchor and Dean a dictator and Castiel is asking him when he will set his people free.
That is why Castiel had been afraid.  That is why Dean bled and drank alone.  To Castiel's great shame.  Because the fear of that possibility was all-encompassing, obliterating, catastrophic, and it snuck its dark fingers around Castiel’s heart and squeezed, no matter how beautiful the other possibility was.  It was a coldness that was too much to bear.
“Dean?  What’s wrong?”  Castiel asked, turning, parting Dean’s wings-- glorious, they still felt glorious, even with some unidentified threat looming-- with his hands.  He saw as they parted that they were not in the Pit.  They were at the Gates.  Behind them, the Styx murmured sadly as it passed easily by.  On its far banks, lost souls shambled, directionless, mindless, bobbing against each other and moaning, all pale, all empty.  In front of them, a rock face, black, too high to see the top, too long to see the ends, stretching above and into the distance forever.  Set directly in front of them, a single, iron, gate.  Bars of iron looking ancient, and cold.  Behind it, the flames.  In front of it, the Gatekeepers.
Castiel doesn't have to tell the truth, but he wants to.  “Dean is a demon.  He is the Master of the Pit.  He is who the darkness fears, as he always has been,”  And Castiel belongs to him.  He belongs to the boy with the green eyes and the freckles and the easy smile and the soul that shines bright even when it is surrounded by darkness.  He belongs to the Master, black winged and black eyed; strong and merciless and complete in his dominion.  He holds his hand to the mark on his neck, as he says this, and he can feel Dean longing for him, in his sleep.  Dean is dreaming of him.  Dean wants him.  He smiles again.  “He is still Dean.  He loves me, though he doesn’t know how to say it.  He reaches for me, when I’m gone.  He takes care of me, the best he can.  He calls me ‘Angel,’ though I am Fallen.”  He shifts slightly; he wants to leave Sam and go back to Dean and wake him, thrust his tongue into Dean’s mouth and grip his neck and roll underneath him.  He wants Dean to fuck him with eyes still heavy from sleep, with hands slow and lingering warmly on his body and still scented of sandalwood.  He wants to hear Dean whisper, “Need you, angel,” when he comes.  He wants all of this, even with Sam’s Name writ upon him.
“Just like that, angel.”
Castiel doesn’t answer.  His face has gone vacant, a little slack, his lips and fingers twitching.
Dean collapses, the hand that was on Castiel’s hip now caressing softly over the bleeding imprint of his teeth, the hand that was holding down Castiel’s neck now threading softly into Castiel’s hair.  They are both panting heavily, Castiel’s arms dropped limp at his sides, his eyes closed and wet at the corners, trying to be mindful of every sensation that he feels so that he never, ever, forgets:  the hard iron underneath his knees, smooth against his cheek, Dean’s hand on his neck, his shoulder, the warm trickle of blood and the ache where Dean has bitten him, the stretch where Dean is still inside him, the tremble in his thighs, the tightness in his calves, the curl of his toes, the weakness in his arms, the pressure around his chest as he, finally, gulps in air, the scent of fire and blood, the infinitesimal, terrified, shuffle of the demons all around them.
Cas tells Dean:  “Instead I gave him what he asked for next.  A halo.  I traded him
He wished he could dream that dream forever.
Gabriel looks over his shoulder at Castiel.  “Oh, what, now you’re joining the conversation?  Am I wrong?  Is Moose not hard to kill?  Does he not have a gargantuan dick?”
“I don't know how many other ways I can tell you this Sam.  If you find a way to restore my halo-- which you will have to kill Dean to do, because he wears it now and he will not give it up, to you or anyone else--” it is clear from Sam's face that this is new information to him, and that he would like to discuss it in every detail and every ramification, but Cas does not want to get sidetracked.  So he continues “But if you do find a way, Sam, I will cast it down, again.  And I will choose to suffer the sundering again, even now knowing what it feels like, because I made a promise to your brother,
Dean rattles the bars at him, and snarls.
Dean nods, thinking this over.  “You… you heard me.”  Cast nods solemnly, in return.  It should be surprising, amazing, embarrassing, that Cas had heard his longing and that that is what saved him from the Leviathan; pick one, pick any of those, but it just seems right, to Dean.  Of course.  Of course, he saved Castiel.  Of course Castiel had heard him.  Castiel always hears him, somehow.
he thinks).  Not Dean on the other side of the line.  Sam, the person who is keeping Dean from him.  His voice goes blank and his mind dissociates from the phone call to try to keep him from screaming in frustration.  Screaming at Sam, who he now
“But Cas, you,”
Castiel waits and traces his fingers up and down Dean's arm, just a touch, just so Dean can't forget he is there. And he listens.
“His halo,” Charon screeches, baring sharp, rotted teeth.  “
Gabriel groans. “You’re hopeless,” he complains.
They were both excited— Jack was hardly able to stand still, and Dean just barely refraining from opening the closet.
There’s a small smile on Dean’s face that seems to be growing the longer they talk.
Castiel gives her a small, grateful smile before they take Dean his drink and sit across from him.
“If they’re idiots here, and they’re idiots in every fanfiction to ever exist, then we can get them together like in fanfiction!” Charlie’s eyes were wide.
“Oh, Clarence,” she says gleefully, “you’ve got it bad.”
Gabriel, unwrapping a sucker and watching from afar: those motherfuckers really think I’m dead huh
“So, Clarence,” Meg says, smirking at them.
“Like Han Solo?” Cas asked, completely oblivious.
“Nothing dangerous,” Rowena said innocently.
The gods of fanfiction must have been smiling down upon them. Sam had barely taken a sip of his beer when there was a woman approaching them.
“How about I owe you a favor instead?” Charlie suggested. “Not even the government can afford my computer skills.”
Dean clenched his jaw, his forced smile coming out more like a grimace. “‘Course they are! He learned from the best.”
She wore a loose denim jacket over a tight, low cut tank top. Her eyes and lips had been accentuated with makeup, simple enough that she wasn’t overdressed for the casual Kansas bar, but enough that they were the first thing he noticed. Accentuated, hazel eyes that were fixed almost preditorily on Cas.
“Nope!” Dean blurted. “Nope, we, uh. We’re good. Thanks.”
Cas shot Sam a slightly panicked look. “It was… interesting,” he said slowly. “Very creative. I liked R2-D2 a lot. I wasn’t aware that Dean was… as you say, ‘crushing on Han Solo.’”
“This is really fucking good. Almost as good as the coffee.”
“I was thinking,” she starts.
Castiel barely keeps themself from staring at their joined hands. They’re slotted together with such ease. Like they’re meant to fit together. Dean’s hand is warm in their own, and all Castiel can think is that
“I sincerely doubt that will be the case, but if it does happen, you are more than welcome to do so.”
Dean beams. “Thanks.”
“That’s your takeaway from this?” Sam teased.
“Um,” Cas said.
When they leave a few minutes later, they can still feel the ghost of Dean’s hand closed around theirs. They try not to think about it, or how Dean had almost leaned in as though to kiss them. Dean doesn’t like them like that.
you’re making birthday pancakes.”
Cas wrapped an arm around his shoulders.
Castiel shrugs. “It was a few years ago. They didn’t like it when I told them I was into men, and were… even less thrilled when I told them I was non-binary. It doesn’t hurt as much anymore. But when it did, I had Gabriel. I had Meg. It doesn’t magically fix things, but you have people, too, Dean.”
“Oh, well,” she said suggestively, turning to Dean, “maybe your friend could come along. I have a large bed.”
“You’ve got good taste, Cas,” Dean said, forcing some normalcy into his tone. “Personally, I’m more for brunets and blue eyes. With you on the layers, though.”
Cas nodded slowly. “I think I understand.” He paused. “I suppose… maybe it would be interesting to try ‘expressing myself’ through clothing.”
They manage the books, place orders for supplies, and work the counter. They’ve also concocted a lot of the drinks. It’s a lot of work. Castiel could probably leave Meg to man the counter— they trust her, if not with being nice to customers, then at least with the rest of the barista gig— but they like working behind the counter. Despite their rusty social skills, it’s a refreshing experience.
“When we were little,” Dean said hoarsely, “she made us tomato rice soup whenever we were sick. She used to tell me I had angels watching over me.”
“I already have a drink,” Cas said obliviously, glancing between her and the half full glass in front of him.
“Huh?” Dean said.
Cas glanced up from the tome he was squinting at. “Hello, Sam.” He looked back down at the book. “I’m afraid that this translation is slow going. This dialect of Enochian was from before my creation, used only amongst those closest to God. I know very little of it. It’s… frustrating, to say the least.”
“How?” Sam looked at her skeptically.
“Well, Cas,” Lewis began, and that was the final straw.
His eyes are dull and rimmed with red. He’s a mess. Something is very obviously wrong. When he puts down a few bills on the counter, his hands shake.
Cas tensed as the spell hit him, stumbling back a little at the force of it.
“Never? Really?” Diane said.
“I know how the trope works,” Sam said.
Jack pecked the same spot on Cas’ head where Dean had kissed him. “There’s your kiss, Daddy.”
It looks a little like Dean is going to cry when he lets go of the mug with one hand and grabs Castiel’s.
“It’s annoying, but they’re adorable as fuck. Sue me. I was thinking you should adopt one.”
“No, he’s a cowboy,” Jack corrected.
Yeah. He could play matchmaker for that.
“Or is he?” Charlie asked.
Dean just asked them out.
Castiel smiles a little at that. “You sound fond of him.”
Sam wanted to cry. All hail the fanfiction gods, his hardship was over!
“Speaking of coffee….” Castiel offers him his drink, which he accepts.
“I do not!” Sam argued.
Wait.
“Hey, Cas,” she said, schooling her features, “why don’t you go check on Dean?”
Dean lets out a shuddering breath and practically
comments and kudos make my day, thank you so much to everyone who leaves them!!
“And I’m much older than both of you,” Cas reminded Dean, “and Jack can listen to Claire.”
“If it didn’t include profanity I would say yes,” Castiel tells her. “But Mrs. Mosley brings Patience in with her sometimes, and I doubt she would appreciate her granddaughter being exposed to that type of language.”
“I did.” Cas put down the coffee to turn around and peck Dean on the lips.
“The biggest idiots,” Charlie agreed. “Actually, that seems to be a common theme.”
(See the end of the chapter for
How did the world keep spinning, Dean wondered numbly. How did the world keep spinning when Dean’s world had stopped?
They stood staring at each other for a few more beats.
“I mean, unless you’d rather go with Cas—” Charlie started.
“Really?” Castiel is barely breathing. “You— you like
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie leaned across the table and high-fived Sam as soon as Cas was out of the room.
“What?” Dean turns to Castiel. Then, his eyes flicker down to their lips, then back up to their eyes, and finally to their hands. He blushes vividly and suddenly Castiel’s hand is empty and Dean is reaching for one of the sleeves.
Crowley rolled his eyes, affronted. “Of course not. I just want it for blackmail. Call it insurance.”
It takes a moment to place him, but when they do, Castiel smiles. “Hello, Dean,” they say.
That didn’t matter, though, Sam told himself. Because this was going to work. Dean would watch as strangers hit on Cas, he’d lose his shit, and they’d get over themselves.
they stress, “and a customer. There’s nothing more to it than that.”
“Where did I put it?” Charlie muttered to herself, squinting at the screen. “I know it’s somewhere—  aha! Found it! Forwarding it to you now.”
They didn’t kiss when they got back to the bunker.
It was all incredibly domestic and Cas could hardly believe it. There they were, him, Dean, and Jack, celebrating a birthday. Sam, Eileen, Garth, Bess, Jody, Donna, and the girls were all set to come over in a few short hours. A year ago, they had been, yet again, trying to prevent an apocalypse, but now…
“Well, Mx. Bee Expert,” Dean says, almost flirtatiously, “next time I’m in, I’m gonna be expecting another dorky bee fact, and that you’ve seen A New Hope, at least.”
Jack was propped up on the kitchen counter, legs swinging as he watched Dean mix the batter. When he caught sight of Cas, he beamed.
Dean likes someone. And Castiel is unreasonably jealous. Which is
Sam and Cas followed her out of the bunker and to her scuffed up car. She hopped into the driver’s seat, calling over her shoulder, “You get shotgun, Cas. Sam gets to suffer in the backseat.”
Castiel rolls their eyes and pointedly ignores her.
“Smartass,” Dean grumbles, but Castiel recognizes something fond beneath it. It’s enough to make them smile, and that softens Dean’s eyes.
“Seriously?” Charlie grumbled. “Did we just happen to have to exist in the one universe where they never go canon because they’re too emotionally constipated to do it on their own?”
“Yeah, but I’m older than her.” Dean began to pour batter onto the griddle.
“No, you couldn’t,” the first woman agreed. “But with those two… they’re something else. Don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone more in love.”
Eventually, he conceded, “I do think that Han Solo is ‘Dean’s Type,’ but I don’t think he would marry him.”
Charlie comes in with him, but she doesn’t get in line or come up to the counter. She stays by the door, watching with a small, poorly concealed smile on her face. That’s unusual.
Cas tried on a wide array of clothes, all to the soundtrack of Angel With a Shotgun. The song wasn’t lost on him; halfway through, having traded his trench coat to try on a snug leather jacket, asked, “Is there a reason my montage song is about angels and love?”
whenever people are around because he’s too afraid of the scorn he’ll get from everyone else.
“He’s got it bad, too,” she continues. “You two are actually sickeningly cute together.”
this has been such a fun story to write :) hope you guys enjoy the ending!!
Castiel hadn’t actually thought this far ahead. They’d been curious about where Dean works since he said he’d opened the place on his own. They had also wanted to see Dean. But they can’t just say that, can they?
“Yes, albeit annoying. I had to live with him for a few months after….” They trail off. “Anyway, there is no good reason to be woken up at three in the morning by someone screaming the lyrics to ‘Let It Go.’”
Bri, I blame you for turning me into a heller swift fan. Thank you.
angel, by Castiel?
“Out.”  He releases.
“What are you trying to do?  Are you crazy?”  Sam yells, banging his forearm against the bars of the cell window.  “Calling all of them here?”
“OK, Cas. OK.” Dean takes Castiel’s hand in his own and shakes out his wings.  “Don't let go.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says, again, and it’s not just for the sweater.  It’s for everything.  For wearing his halo.  For laying the halos of the others at his feet.  For promising him, Always.  For holding him tight.
“No, you didn't,” Dean stammers.  “Or, yes, but no.” Castiel's eyes open, and look at him with a question.  “It was only one of them. That did that, I mean. The demon Oryx. He's the only one that… Did that.  To me.”
“Bah,” Gabriel says, swigging down what’s left in his glass and tossing it carelessly over his shoulder where it disappears before it hits the ground.  “Too puny.  They die so fast, so easy.  I can barely keep track of them.  Except…” His eyes turn inward.
Beautiful, his king.  His hero.  Beautiful.
Castiel shows no sign whatsoever of loosening his hold on Dean’s shoulder, and has in fact not shown at any time in their entire acquaintance any sign of wanting to do anything at all besides give and receive kisses and sniff and snuggle at Dean’s neck.  But Dean thinks that he can’t
“I’m afraid not, Feathers,” Crowley says, voice suddenly dangerous, all traces of bemusement about the library gone, revealing a cold, hard, iron core.  “We had a deal.  I kept my end, as you can see.  Now you keep yours.”
Dean turns him, gently, so they are face to face, chests pressed together.  He takes Castiel's jaw in careful hands, and when Castiel opens his eyes to the touch Dean’s breath catches.  God, Castiel's eyes are so beautiful.  There will never come a time, he will never be too numbed by the ugliness of Hell, when they don't pierce straight through him.  And now, now they are so wide and blue and wet with tears, and they look at him with such longing.  He thinks that that longing is echoed back in his own eyes, he hopes it is.  He knows his eyes are wet, at least; he can feel the moisture gathering on his lids.
Dean was at her throat, in an instant.  “Not OK, mystery bitch,” he said.  He thought he reached for her throat with the First Blade, but found his approach blocked by her steel.  He persisted anyway.  “You don’t call him that.  You DON’T call him that.  You don’t call him anything at all.  You don't LOOK at him.  You go back to wherever the fuck you came from and you hope I don’t see you ever again.”
Never gonna die, invincible, unkillable, and he’s gonna protect me anyway.  Gone warn off whoever it is that even thinks about tryin’ to come after me.  Gonna keep standing behind me, behind the throne, with his hands crossed behind his back and one of them holding a knife.
or whatever into believing that he is not imprisoned against his will in a dungeon, but rather that he is just intentionally visiting his brother for a nice
He is watching them, when wooden door creaks open at the end of the nave.
Castiel did not have to enter the dream to know what it was about.  It was clear as if it were Castiel’s own dream.  So close to Dean, the dream
“Mmm.”  Castiel kisses Dean on his forehead, as lightly as he can, then each of his cheekbones, the tip of his chin.  “Like that?” He asks, breathlessly.
The next day was worse; his heart was even sorer, but he didn’t pray.
It spirals down towards him.  A human body and wings.  Downward, downward, a new detail revealing itself with every circle down.  Black hair.  Pale, bare, chest.  A white garment wrapped low around its hips, covering its legs.  Banded in gold, at the waist, and again around lean, muscled, arms.  A halo.
"You did." A pause. "I want to take his eyes." Cas clenches his hands, remembering the heft of his hooked knife, "And then fuck you, loud, so when he tries to imagine you, all he can see is me and my knife, and all he can hear is you crying my name."
For these needs Castiel summons a basin of steaming water, scented of sweet citrus, Dean's favorite. He summons also a stack of white linen cloths, soft and clean.  He summons a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a roll of pristine bandages.  He doubts he will have to use these, Dean heals so fast, but preparing, thinking about ways to care for Dean, settles the tremor that vibrates in his whole body, calling for action.  He wishes that Dean could feel it, this calming.  This softness that presses back against the fear.  He wishes he could send it through the bond.
Dean only nods his assent.  A small, sad, nod.  Like that is all he has left, after this day.  Smallness.  And sadness.
Castiel smiles too.  “No, I mean.  Can you see me?  Castiel?  Not this vessel.
Dean smiles, and brushes his thumb over Castiel's cheekbone.  He rubs the sand in his own eyes with the back of his other hand.  “Y’re watchin’ ov’r me,” He mumbles.
Gabriel sighs again, trying to retain composure.   Castiel allows him the moment, not sure  whether he is allowed to answer yet or not.   He thinks that if Gabriel were here, he’d be holding his head in his hands, disgusted by their family, or waving them, frustrated that Castiel is not understanding him.
He doesn’t waste time, he can’t, he doesn't want to lose what clarity the skin on his fingers has bought him.
Somehow he knew.  He knew that Cas would fuck him
“Dean, I told you--”
And “Cas,” Dean cries, and squeezes Castiel's hand tighter, and another tear drops down onto his jeans, joining the others, widening the damp spot.
The Impala is tear-assing down Kansas 281, towards the bunker.  Mary is riding shotgun.  Cas is asleep in the back seat (somehow, even after learning that John and Mary have had sex back there.. And Dean, too…And Sam, too, uggh gross), charging up his mojo.  Dean’s eyes drift up to the rearview mirror to look at him.  His head is rested against the passenger side window, and his mouth is open.  He might start drooling, pretty soon, heh.  Drooling angel.
“And then… will you let me kiss you back?”
The First Blade appears in Dean’s hand, unbidden, and his eyes turn black.  “I’m going to get them, Cas.  I’m going to get them all.  And they’re not going to hurt you, ever again.”  He flexes his hand, and sends the Blade away.  “I should’ve done it, a long time ago.  I should have killed every angel that got in my way, after the first time they hurt you.  I should have hunted them like demons, I should have hunted them twice as hard.  I should have hunted them until there weren’t any left.  I’m sorry.  I let you down, and now they’re hurting you again.  But they won’t hurt you a third time, Cas.  Heaven will be empty, before they hurt you again.”
his tear filled, gentle eyes, the ones that panicked as Dean disappeared into the veil.  Those were the eyes of the warrior, of the heretic, of the Castiel that could do
"I don't want that." Dean knows this, but Castiel tells him anyway, his feelings too raw and too close to the surface to be contained. "In Heaven, I was a slave. I never had a choice. I never had... You. They wouldn't have let me have you. They wouldn't have let me touch you." Anger. His hands clench, and un-clench. In Heaven, there was always enough light, and it was always clear and pure. He wouldn't go back.
Still, Castiel’s god-eyes hover stationary in front of him.  They blink once, lids made of stars, lashes long and dark and made out of shadow and bright jewels.
in agreement about how they want to sell their souls.  Or, more likely, Dean thinks, this argument is just a pretense and they are all chickening out, because he looks scary as fuck and maybe they are thinking they don’t want to maybe give themselves over to him for eternity.  He smiles smugly, and tries not to actually laugh, and instead look dangerous and imposing in his armor.  Actual Lucifer never looked this good, he gloats to himself.  In his hiking boots and jeans, or, even worse, his white suit.  Tom Jones looking motherfucker.  Dean kind of wishes he had worn the cape, for once.  He could raise the wind and make it flap around him.  That would be even better.
So Cas tells Dean:  “I read Lucifer's book.  I read every word.” Tears are coming to Castiel's eyes now, too, matching Dean's.  “I read what he… What he did to my brothers, what he, what I...” he sobs, and tilts over, but Dean catches him.  Dean catches him with a strong arm and holds him tight.
“Hey, Cas, Cas, no, Hey.  Hey, look at me.”  This is wrong.  This is all wrong.  He’s not making it better.  Cas isn’t warm against him.  Cas is shaking and being torn apart on his jagged scars.
“Mine,” Castiel says, and replaces his hand over Dean’s heart, as Dean sinks down into the flowers beneath him, and wraps his arms around Castiel’s back, drawing him in deeper, drawing him in close, exhausted from his orgasm, from the pounding of Castiel’s cock, but shivering a little every time one of Castiel’s stars flickers through him.
.  His heart had stopped and he hadn’t even noticed it.  But it starts up again now, an uneven thump in his chest.  Dean can't mean…
Dean hangs his head, taking in the destruction.  It is stark, it strikes him, compared to the clean, swift nature of the cliff.  “Sorry, Cas,” he says sadly.  “Mark got to me.  I shouldn't have… I should have controlled it better.  Sorry.” He sounds ashamed.  He feels ashamed, through the bond, like he is thinking about rocks, sinking into deep, lightless pools.  He stands still with his head bowed, body held ready for punishment, like he is waiting for a blow.
Balthazar sighed, and stepped back.  He and Gabriel looked at each other, trying to decide what to do next.  Balthazar was thinking that maybe there wasn’t anything else to say, and that they should just leave Castiel alone, as that was clearly what Castiel wanted. But Gabriel was not even close to giving up yet.  He screwed up his face, determinedly, and marched over to where Castiel was floating, high-stepping through wisps of cloud that tried to wrap around his knees.
“Hhnnngggg” Hydra groans, trying not to choke on his useless, broken, tongue while he cries out from the agony of his ruptured face, puffy and bruise-colored already.
“Dean,”
But the choir is just out of key.  Castiel had imagined that he would fill with pride, when he brought this news to his charge.  He had imagined that his charge would take on the mantle of Heaven, resigned but defiant in opposition to the Serpent.  He didn’t think he would say these words with sorrow. He didn’t think he would wish that his charge could just stay with him, safe in a warded cabin, hidden in the fog on a mountain in North Dakota, instead of having to carry the sword and become the fury.  He thought the End Times would bring him the ecstasy of the Father. He thought his charge’s glory would cover him, and feel like his own. He thought his charge would be only a vessel, only a body, to him. He didn’t think he would be a person. He didn’t think he would want to hold him to his heart.
“No.”
Cas shivered, imagining. He shivered, in Dean's mouth.  Dean's tongue wet on his neck.  On his chest, rough on his nipples, his hips, the line of bone there.  Between his toes.  Lapping at the soles of his feet.  In the crease of his crotch, moist and humid.  On his cock.  Wrapped all around it.  Dean held slave, his tongue on Castiel's body forever.
There are the racks, Dean remembers them, he will never forget.
“God, Cas, are you OK?”
Again, Castiel waits.
, his brain stuttered against his lust.  His hands clenched into fists, and stalled.
“No, Chuck told me that was his name.”
There are no doors.  There are no windows.  The other demons press themselves harder backwards against the walls.
hear you.”
Castiel does not spiral down out of the sky tonight.  Lightning cracks at Dean’s feet again, and sparks shower over him, and it is so bright that he has to throw his free arm over his eyes.
Dean is completely still, eyes closed, breaths catching in his throat.  He is afraid that if he moves, if he adds at all to the sensation of Castiel moving against his wings, he will be overcome, and turn, force Castiel down into the bed and take him, break him in half and bite into him like a ripe strawberry until he screams.  “Cas,” he growls under his breath.  “Castiel.”
before.  Tongue now touched lightly to his index and middle finger; it had never touched any part of him, before.  Never for real, only in secret dreams that were only dim shadows, of this.
God, how Dean's heart breaks when those eyes glisten and beg him, “Please.” He would do anything.  Anything.  It could drive him mad, what he would be willing to give, to Castiel.  What he
He's calling out Dean's name but he's not screaming yet, so Dean doesn’t stop, he doesn’t even give Cas the moment he would need to catch up, catch his breath, finally.  Instead he unbuttons his own jeans and frees his red, leaking cock with one hand while still fingering Castiel open with the other.  “Mine,” Dean whispers, wrapped around Castiel’s back, as he pushes into Castiel in one long, sure, thrust.  No hesitation, no pause, he seats himself deep, pushing in as far as he can, reveling in the drag and the heat, biting his lip to keep from coming on the first thrust, stretching Castiel out as he shrieks and slaps his hands against the back of the throne.  The shrieks and the heat and the tightness and Cas begging for him and writhing beneath him make his blood rush in his veins and his heart pump fast in his chest  and his head feel light and God, it feels so good.  This is what he wanted, Castiel underneath him.  Castiel in his arms.  Castiel hot and wet and panting and broken and screaming and
*****
Gentle hands paused in pressing chips of ice to his cracked lips.  “You’re burning up, Cas.  You’re on fire.”
“They only gave me food that was drugged.”  He lowers his eyes, in shame, though the shame should not be his.  “If they wanted to...have me… without me fighting them. Like a… doll.”  The Pit Lords took him that way, force-feeding him Pit slime and then fucking him when his body had gone loose, and pliant, but his mind was still inside, saying “No.  No. No. No.”
and his hate for Alistair flared up in his numb heart, and he hoped that Alistair would be destroyed by this radiant one.  Annihilated, and turned back into the nothing that he was before his atoms were even carbon in the dust of space.
Dean, rumbling through him everywhere, burning away the loose, frightened parts of him like dry tinder, like it did in the Pit, until he only feels steady, and calm.
Castiel nods, silently, still trying to think of a way to to make Dean say “Yes.” Trying to think of something he can offer Dean that Dean will accept, something that could not possibly harm him.  More than that. Something that would make him happy
And then they aren’t in Dean’s room any more.  They are back in the field of Eden.  Dean is still lying on his back, and Castiel is still kneeling, but now Dean is lying at Castiel’s hip, instead of above and away, on his bed.
Dean tosses back the rest of his beer, and stands up.  “Fine.  Easy.  You’re barely evil anymore, anyway.”
They were only silver, and bright.  Castiel was still beautiful then, so beautiful, but he was cold, and hard.  He was beautiful like a weapon, sharp at every edge, dangerous.  Full of fury and the judgement of the Lord.  Infallible, he was the righteous hand of the Father.  He had been a star, once, but he had returned.  Still all full of cold fire.
Dean brushes a feathered, wild curl back from Cas’ forehead, feeling the heat there.  His fingers stray, his thumb to Cas’ cheekbone, the rest to comb in to the soft hair at his temple.  He strokes, for a while, his eyes fast to Castiel's.  Staring in to them like always, like he can find there the entire universe, and escape from its blackness on the other side.  His whole universe, in Castiel's eyes.  Everything in his life that is soft, and bright, and gleaming, there.  They draw Dean in, with their gravity.  His mouth drifts to Castiel's, slow, but certain, like the tide.  “Cas,” he breathes into Castiel's mouth, just before their lips meet.
Dean thinks, but fondly, and tells him again, “OK.”
he have done?
These circle him, knives drawn.  They hold them awkwardly out in front of them, like spoons, or sticks.  It’s clear that they are not fighters.  They don’t think they can hurt Dean, and that’s not their plan.  They only have those knives for one reason.  To slit their own throats.
He was the rock in the river that evil broke around too, as a human, and then on Earth as now in Hell, his work was bloody, and it was violent.  The only thing that is different now is that then, on Earth, when he took a monster and hunted them and ended them, sometimes, most of the times, it didn't feel like
Sam is more silent than the corpse of Oraxes, and more still.
Sam's eyes are wide when he replies, in sympathy, or alarm, or both. “Do you really mean that, Cas?”  He sits down, on the rock ledge of his cell, so he can look up at Cas instead of down at him.
Dean still can’t figure out how its eyes could be so blue, or so wide, but he’s also a little worried that his scent (the motor oil?  His cheap old spice body wash?) has given this little guy a seizure, and he doesn’t know what to do.  He looks around, but still doesn’t see any staff members in the pet store.  So he does the only thing he can think of, he taps a finger softly on the side of the tank, near the octopus’ head.  Like maybe if he can get its attention, it will stop freaking out?
“You’re not getting my phone.  You want to call him?  What’s his number.”
He shakes his head.  There is no reason for him to question himself further.  He has an objective.  He has an immediate sub-objective.  It is time for action.
“And??”
Dean rests his sword against the altar, and holds Castiel’s hands under his own, just as he is doing in their bed, in the Pit, as they lay there, staring at each other, feeling this dream.  “I remember, Cas.”
more, I need you, I need,”
It would.  Yes.  It would.
“They were for fucking suicide.  They were long and thin and pointed.  They would have broken off on my armor.  They would have broken in half in a knife fight.  They were for suicide, Cas.  Nothing else.”
“There's so much I want to do
Dean pushes back, suddenly, and slaps a hand against his chest and gasps.  It feels like something is
imprisoning Sam.
minds.  Some of them seem to basically want to have Bradley Cooper Limitless minds.  Lots of mind shit, of course, for nerds like this.  Dean rolls his eyes safely, knowing they won’t be able to tell because they are completely black.
Dean was not lying awake in bed, crying silently.  He was not in the kitchen, or out on the porch, drinking too much.  He was not staring at his mirror.  He was asleep.  He was tossing, and turning.
He calms, gradually.  His heart turning into a tiny stone, in the center of his chest.  But it’s not frozen anymore.  It’s
Now they are.
He does not feel cold.
him.  They
So beautiful.  So brave.
.  Out, and, like, I don’t know, around.”  He waves his hands.  “Let me have freedom of movement.  I’d have a lot easier time believing you weren’t evil if you weren’t imprisoning me in a doorless cell.”
“Thank you, Dean.”
Dean stills in front of the fire, and hangs his head.  “Dunno, Cas. But it feels like it wasn't enough, killing him.  Now he's just dead. He doesn't have to suffer the memories.” His voice is rough like sandpaper.
He flicks his wrist and instead he has the black jeans that he and Dean wear in the Pit hanging low on his hips again.  A black tshirt. Thick gold bands to hide the bruises on his wrists; they remind him of his manacles. He keeps his collar, even though it obscures Dean's Name on his neck.
“Sam,” Dean starts.
And it’s true that he never tried to commit genocide… but that is a low bar.  A very low bar, indeed.  Maybe… maybe this is why he likes the Pit, so much more than he ever liked Heaven.  Why he likes the shadows and the heat so much more than he ever liked the light and the cool, crisp air.  Maybe this is where he belongs.
Three days, and three nights, until Castiel came again.  Spiraled down out of the sky like the sun god coming to claim his tribute:  the bravest, most beautiful, the brightest and purest of his worshippers.  Light glinting off his halo and off the gold banded around his body in bright, sharp, flashes.  Soaring on the air currents, wings spread wide.  Strong, and sure. But always downward, downward.  To Dean.
“Dean,” he shouts, when he notices Dean's appearance, and rushes to stand before him, breaking Dean's thrall.  “What the hell, man?  Are you OK?  What the hell?” He holds Dean at arm's length, examining him for wounds, trying to decide if he is angry or worried, now.  He finds no damage:  Dean is whole and unharmed,  his skin clear, his face flushed, his hair mussed by Castiel's eager hands.  The Mark has healed Dean's body, and Castiel's love has healed the rest.  He seems to be in even better condition than sleepless, worried, Sam, though Dean was just stabbed and Sam has only been pacing in his cell.
, until he knows for sure?
Time and light and the world spiral away from them, as they move against each other.  What they are experiencing is not only sex, it is not only love, it is forever.  It is a promise.  It is why the universe was created.  It is why Castiel watched the earth for a million years.  It is why Dean Winchester came back from the dead, again and again.  Their minds and bodies are wrecked, and flayed, against each other and still Castiel screams, “Closer,” and comes so hard he loses consciousness, and Dean comes too, in the same moment, screaming Castiel’s name.  A crack splits in the stone floor of their room, and all the lights go out.
“You can't leave me, Cas.  You can't.  Need you.  I'm not strong enough, without you.  Need you to be mine.  Always.”  Dean collapses against Castiel, tired, limp as a rag, clutching tight.
“Tell me,” Castiel growls, and licks the bite on Dean’s neck, tongue wide and hard and wet.  Dean whimpers.
A lump rises in Dean's throat, and it aches, and his wing pulls Castiel nearer.  Castiel is singing about the sun, and the notes fit the beat of his heart.  Castiel is singing about the sun, but he is also singing about Dean.  Singing that he is brightness.  He is golden.  He is what shines.  This is what he sang to the angels, to try to make them understand why he rebelled.  He sang that Dean was the
Castiel has a wall of knives, and he sharpens every one. A knife for peeling the skin back from a finger is narrow, and pointed, short. A knife for disarticulating an arm is wider, heavier, and has no point. A knife for scoring tooth and bone is long and thin. Steel, silver, ivory, gold, ceramic, they are placed impeccably, in organized rows, shortest to longest, lightest to heaviest. All sharp and glittering, like diamond. He is sharpening a hooked knife now, good for the--removal-- of eyes from the orbital socket. Careful strokes of the whetstone, a cloth to remove the filings. It is hot, always too hot, in the Pit, so he works with no shirt, with sweat dampening his hair and dripping down his face. His hooked knife dulls from its scrape on bone when it twists in the eye socket. It takes a lot of twists to take the hone off of steel, and this knife was dull as clay, when he began. He strokes, and then tests its edge on the nail of his left thumb. A millimeter slices off, easy.
Castiel doesn't answer.  He turns to look at an empty armor stand across the aisle.  Empty but for a crimson cape, hanging flat from its shoulder bar.  A cape embroidered with the Mark.  Castiel stares at it.  Sam starts to feel a dropping sensation in his stomach that rivals the electrocution of his arm for his attention.
His hair is somehow more disheveled than it was minutes ago, though, and there is a smear of blood on his wrist.  Not his.  He shuffles a little when he appears, like he is off balance.  Like he heard Dean's prayer and transported so fast his head is spinning.
brother.  Dean cringes.)
“But I told him I loved you more than anyone has ever loved anything.”  Cas stares into Dean’s eyes when he says this.  He stares into them and he is strong and sure, like he is every time.  Like Dean can’t believe he is every time.
“Are you ready to say ‘Yes’ now, mud man?”
He sits down on Dean's bed, cross legged, and closes his eyes and breathes in deeply, to remember.  Dean's lips had been soft.  His mouth had been warm.  Castiel had never had a kiss like that, before, in all his long years.  A kiss where it felt like the other person’s heart was beating into his mouth.  A kiss that felt like it could go on forever.  A kiss he had imagined a thousand times.  Lips that had called his name, in his dreams.
-- Say return, if he wants to return, hear his name, but only if he wants to hear it, be held, but only if he wants to be held.  He remembers Castiel watching over him. He remembers feeling safe.
“Ok.  So.  Goes nuts when someone looks at Dean cross-eyed, check.”  Sam jokes, but it’s actually way worse than ‘goes nuts.’  Cas has angel eyes.  His voice has become a choir of harps and drums and screams and Sam thinks if there were any light bulbs in his cache, instead of freaky glowing marble, they would all be shattered.  He is calling Dean a ‘sacrament‘ and pulling down a suit of armor that looks like it is covered in holy fire.
“I stopped time, and I assaulted you with grace until you were nothing but ash.” The other demons shuffle and whine--  they realize that this means they were ash, too, probably, in the kink in the time line.
“Mercy,” it hisses, craven, but Castiel will show it none.  His face is cold and fierce, his eyes are ice.  He is a creature of perfect judgement, cruel and beautiful and hard as marble.  He is the justice of the Lord God, he is inevitable, inescapable, always.
“Anything you want, hero,” Castiel says gently, and turns his head to kiss the inside of Dean’s knee, softly.  Dean is so brave.  He will try to withstand this, without the help of bondage.  He will try to withstand it, only with the strength within his own skin.  So brave, Castiel’s hero.
“But all this…” he wipes the back of his hand across his mouth.  “‘S too much. Where are you? Wanna see you.”
Castiel’s back was straight, too straight.  His hands were in the pockets of his trenchcoat and his voice was hard.  “Dean.  There is war in Heaven.  Raphael is ascendant.  He means to re-start the apocalypse.”
, he thinks.
“What do you really want, Crowley?”
“Cas, what, how--”
For his part, Sam thinks that Cas is being way too casual about this.  “Cas, you could have
better.  “Got it back for you, Dean.  Green Eyes.  Beautiful.  Perfect.  Precious.” His smile gets wider, and he yawns.  “So tired.  Tired now.  Gonna sleep.” He nuzzles his face in against Dean's neck a little better.  Then his body tenses.  “You're not going to leave, while I'm sleeping, are you Green Eyes?  You wouldn't.  Wouldn't, I'd be so cold.  Wouldn't, would you?”
“Castiel,”
Castiel tilts his head and narrows his eyes.  “Of course, Dean.  I’m real.  Can’t you feel me?” He covers both of Dean’s hands with his own.
He leaves the book.  He goes to Dean.  He sits by him, again invisible, on the porch, on the swing that hangs there, careful not to let it sway, or creak, under his weight.  He goes to Dean and he releases some of his grace into the night sky.  Another infraction.  Not the last, he knows now.  It will not be the last.
“You wearing your sweater, for me, baby?  To keep you warm?”  Later, Sam will acknowledge to himself that the moment Dean asked Castiel if he was wearing his sweater is the moment that he started to doubt his conviction that Dean was possessed or otherwise transformed by evil.  Now, he is surprised by this line of questioning-- he thought Dean might threaten Cas, or demean him-- but he tries to keep his face neutral.
He pauses in Sam’s doorway.  Even having examined the bag and packed it himself specifically to be harmless, he still imagines all the ways Sam could hurt him with it.  He cannot risk Sam hurting Dean, or trying to “cure” him, or taking him away from Castiel, again.  So he thinks, hard, about what could go wrong with this bag and its contents.  He imagines Sam taking the strap off of the bag and trying to choke Castiel with it; Sam shoving the bag down over his head, trying to suffocate him.  He imagines Sam drawing out a banishing sigil with the toothpaste and trying to banish him; Sam trying to consecrate the water in the shampoo and burn him with it.  He hates it that these are the scenarios he imagines with Sam.  He hates that he is not imagining Sam eating breakfast with him, or Sam sitting down with him in the library and reading with him about ancient ways.  But these scenarios, upsetting though they may be, are at least moderately plausible.  Dean thinks Castiel is paranoid, yes,  but Dean also knows that this ability, to predict and counter and counter-predict the enemy, is the reason Castiel is alive.
Sam bites his lip and shakes his head.  “No.  Perfect.  Wow, Cas, your recall is amazing; you can't have seen that more than, what, once?  Twice?”  He is impressed in spite of himself.
He was wrong again. He did not make it better
and then he understands what Castiel is going to do because now that he's not distracted by the taste of Castiel on his tongue, the scent of him overwhelming in his nose,
“Would it really make you angry with me if I made you the wrong kind of pie?” Cas asks, solemnly, his hand combing through the honey strands of Dean’s hair.
Dean dreams that he is cold, and Castiel makes him another blanket, to replace the one he dirtied on the mountain.  He dreams that Castiel wraps it around his body with gentle hands and makes sure that he is surrounded by warmness.
Castiel follows, sword raised, eyes burning, cape flowing out behind him, plate boots polished to a gleaming shine, breaking the floor where he steps over it again.
Castiel feigns nonchalance.  He steps further into her antechamber and eyes a golden figurine of a naked woman, teeth bared, covered in blood of rubies.  He does not pick it up, but he looks at its eyes, garnets, instead of Sekhmet’s.
Castiel’s fingertips lingered on his lips as his head moved and he felt just the smallest drag there, the smallest tug of ivory skin against chapped lips.
*****
, they will return to the mountain.
He looks at his couch.  It’s pretty comfy.  Green and red plaid, like wrapping paper from hell, but it’s overstuffed in all the right places and it can’t be beat for naps.  It draws him in.  The little breaths huffing in and out against his neck start to sound more like coos than whistles on their exhales and they tickle against his collarbone.  He reaches up to stroke his right hand over one of his pet’s tentacles and it relaxes against his body and it just… makes all the stress melt out of his muscles.  Stress he hadn’t even realized he was carrying, little leftover worms of tension about money, about work, about being asexual and alone--
just happened a moment ago.  Scared that some more of them might get the same idea.  He flicks his wrist and twists the First Blade down, so that the sharp edge of it is not accessible by charging morons any more.  But he doesn’t send it away, because he is afraid of what is happening here, because he doesn’t understand.
Sam thinks that it would take more than
“Anything you want, hero,” Castiel says, and turns his head to kiss the inside of Dean’s knee, softly.  Dean is so brave.  He will try to withstand this, without the help of bondage.  He will try to withstand it, only with the strength within his own skin.  So brave, Castiel’s hero.
-Starman, David Bowie
Basilisk did not reach the Master’s neck, of course.  The angel stepped in front of him, quick as a flash, and raised his blade.  It was steel, and it was thrust true, precise, deadly, and it scratched Basilisk’s stone skin directly over his heart.
This chapter is setting us up for... things to come.
even the sight of him.
In all of Heaven, there is not such love.
And there was Dean.  He was raking leaves.  He was wearing jeans and a tshirt and a flannel and a jacket.
Castiel calls again the copper basin that he had called in the cache while Dean faced the cultists.  He calls it new, not dented and broken.  New and shining again.  He fills it with hot water from the tap, and rose oil this time, not citrus.  The rose calls to mind a storm, and Dean…
Dean is there, Dean is a person, whether Castiel expected him or not.  “He’s gonna wear me like a condom while he fights his douchebag brother,” he summarizes.  Vulgarity like a slap in the face, to Castiel. But not… not untrue.
So eventually Balthazar gives up, and joins Gabriel on his couch, and makes him watch Eyes Wide Shut while Gabriel mutters “pretentious son of a bitch” not-so-under-his-breath every five minutes… Until the nudity starts.  Then:  “Ballz, why didn't you just tell me this was about fucked up sex parties???”
Dean is jerked through a cold black.  Damp, cool, air, rushes over his body.
As much as they thought that he should get over his fucking millstone anyway and just go to his charge, if they had noticed him leaving in the state he was in (dirty, drunk, red eyed from crying), they probably would have tried to stop him.
“Sorry love, you're a great girl with a lot going for you, but you're not my type.  Too...
Cas, you know that.  I won’t make any promises about whatever’s got him, though.”
It is frustrating, but they are worried.  Castiel's brothers, they are worried, and they do not want to leave him.  They do not know what he might do.
”Then he gave me this unicorn, and told me that his name was Dean and I should feel free to ride him.”
He removes his hand from the glass, and points a finger at his octopus friend, and then back at himself, and then at the door.  The octopus squints at him, like it doesn’t quite get it, so he repeats the series of gestures.  Octopus-Dean-Door.
“Yes,” Dean whispers, before he is lost to the black.
“Are you--”
“Not all of them.  Some of them hid.  I didn’t look too long, for the ones that hid.  Had to always come back to you.  So you wouldn’t be cold, remember?”
“Go away,” Castiel says again, miserably, though this time he seems deflated, and there is less bite behind it.  His wings start to sag, until the most mussed tip of his tousled hair is just visible, but then they snap up in front of his face again.
Dean--” He tries to warn, something, anything.
*****
"I know Cas."  This is hard for Dean.  He doesn't like to talk about the Mark.  It reminds him too much of too many times that were ugly.  He doesn't want to think about those times, about the cold and the pain and the red, coppery mud, when he is laying here with Cas warm against him.  So, he asks.  "What will you do, today?  Sharpen your knives?"
“He’s with me,” Dean barked.
“Sounds like a great guy,” Dean says, spitefully.  “Can’t wait to get to know him.” He understands now, what Castiel said, about the angels finding different ways to hurt him.  He knows that there are strings that can be cut, inside him, to make him agree to anything.  He knows what he did in the Pit. He knows how much of it he said no to. He knows what it took, to make him stop saying no.  He finds that he is not that surprised, that the angels are no better than the demons, when it comes down to that.
These were the last that challenged him openly.  The hosts of Hell hated him, still, they burned him in effigy in the pits of their hovels and cursed his name, but they feared him more, and their fear of Castiel was tangible, incendiary.  Because Dean only killed them, quickly, easily, almost absentmindedly, when challenged.  Castiel
Sam nods, but he doesn’t reply.  His eyes are wide as he takes in the Pit Library, and its exact similitude to the Kansas City Public Library of his childhood.  Castiel’s smile returns.
“You're holding me,” he says, and his voice is sleep rough.  He is a little surprised that Dean is here.  That he stayed, knowing…Knowing some of what Castiel did, to rescue him.  Deals, and souls.  Things that Dean does not like.  Things that have made him leave, have made him send Castiel away, before.
Castiel blinks several times in rapid succession, like he is trying to remember something.  Then he slumps in his chair, like the sword has been removed from his spine. “I didn't kill that one at all.  Oryx. No. He was not on the racks, when I came for you. I'm sorr--”
So you know what, fuck it.  Dean picks up the whole tank-- it’s not too big, it’s clearly only sized for one melon-sized half-octopus-- and carries it up towards the front register.  Its inhabitant calms down immediately, and coos, and squishes itself up to the tank where it presses against Dean’s chest.  Dean finds himself cooing back at it and singing it an absurd little song as he walks to the front of the shop.  “Shh shh little octopus, shh little guy, gonna take you home with me.”  And he does.
He knows that there are strings that can be cut, inside him, to make him agree to anything.  He knows what he did in the Pit.  He knows how much of it he said no to.  He knows what it took, to make him stop saying no.  He finds that he is not that surprised, that the angels are no better than the demons, when it comes down to that.
, he thought.
“You would choose me,” Castiel repeats to himself, the ball of pain in his throat swelling up to fill his whole chest.  “Over the world.  How is that not good enough?  What more could I ever ask, from you?”
Dean continues.  “And don't get to thinking I want you to suit up in Gabe’s magic armor every time the going gets rough.  It's too dangerous.  You're not power, to me.  You're not what you can do for me, who you can kill.  You're my angel.  You're my heart.  Always will be, and I gotta know you're safe.  Always gotta.  That's priority one.  That's what matters most.  You understand, Cas?  Your heart is my heart, and mine can't beat without it.  That’s what I need
“You should tell him.  If you love him.  You should tell him.  I watched over you, for so many years, from Heaven, and that’s what I wished for, every day, every minute.  That I could tell you again.  That I loved you.  You should tell him.”
There was a time when there was no gold tint to Castiel's stars, and no heart of emerald.
Cas swallows, and tries to keep his voice even, so Dean's agitation doesn't rise to panic again, though he does not feel very even inside himself.  “Three of them.  They killed themselves.”
“Ssshhh, Ok Cas, Ok.  I’m not going anywhere.  I’ll get them later.  I promise you that.  Even if it’s all of Heaven, I’ll get them.  For this.”  He swore it to Castiel and he swore it to himself.  There would be war, for this.  He would break down the gates of Heaven and bring fire to the sky, for this.  The clouds would bleed.  Wings would be burned into the earth.  For this.  Because Castiel was burning, and freezing, and there were tears in his crystal eyes.
The wind picks up.  The flowers, their petals and leaves, are swaying, now.  If it picks up much more, petals will start to fall.
“Nice pet,” the Master said when they approached.  Still smiling.  With his mouth, but not his black eyes.
“Dean,” he says.  He whispers it, “Dean.”  Dean shivers beneath him, and clutches him closer.  He doesn't know how else to ease this fear; he knows that words and promises are not enough, he has given those already, he has given them all.  He thinks that maybe nothing can really ease this, or maybe only time.  Long lengths of time, the eons, that Cas will give to Dean, together, to show him that this is real.  That is all Castiel can think of that might ease this fear, not to promise ‘Forever’ but to live that promise.  To be with Dean, completely, and never leave him.
.  But when he tossed that corpse in the river, the Mark flared up, warm instead of burning, and the vise on his head loosened up until he could see straight.  He realized he was hungry.  He actually wanted to eat food.  He felt something besides sour nausea in his stomach.  He rubbed it as it grumbled and thought about hamburgers, and he didn’t want to throw up.  He spent the afternoon lying there, by the river, tossing pebbles in to the water and staring up at the sky and enjoying the fact that his eyes weren’t watering from the pain in his head.  It felt… OK.  It felt
He must have fallen asleep while he was counting.  He doesn't quite remember exactly how far he got, but he does remember reaching 579,331, because it is a prime.  He decides he will start there again, because he is not calm, he is not rested, he is not ready to get out of the tub and make a plan.  But he has to be.  He has to get there.  For Dean.  For himself, and his sanity. He inhales, shaky, and winds his fingers into his blankets, and starts to count, to the beat of his heart.  579,332.  Dean.  579,333.  Dean.  He will count Dean's name a million times.  He will count a million heartbeats, pulsing ice from his heart through his veins, and all of them will have Dean's name.
Dark voice.  Dark as the black oil in his eyes.  “I'll take care of you angel,” and a hard thrust that makes his angel cry out.  “Take care of you so good, I promise.”
Castiel says it again.  “Everything you want.  Everything you need.  Forever.”  And he presses two fingers to Dean’s chin, to gently turn his head back.  “Let me see you, Dean.  I want to see you.”  His voice is soft, he doesn’t command this.  He asks.  He asks Dean to let himself be seen.  Dean turns his head but his eyes follow after, drifting back to Castiel’s face, his mouth, finally his eyes.  “So beautiful.”  Dean’s eyelids dip, but he raises them again, because he is brave.  “So brave.”  Castiel holds Dean’s eyes as he releases his hand from Dean’s shoulder, and takes his cock in hand instead.  He strokes gently along Dean’s length, while holding his gaze.  “Love it when you’re brave for me.”
For three nights after Castiel visited he dreamt of the field, but he was alone there.  Each night he lay with his hands laced behind his head, a piece of grass in his mouth, waiting for an angel to appear in the corona of the sun, and come to him.  Each night wishing that he had never told Castiel not to watch over him.  That he had never said it was creepy.  That he had let Castiel watch over him every single night.  Because now Castiel couldn’t watch over him, any more.  Now, only in dreams.
Dean felt the response of Castiel's body
Dean reads the little card on the side of this tank.  A half-octopus needs a salt water environment, and lots of company because they are really smart and get bored just swimming around in their tanks.  They have simple language capabilities and can learn to communicate well with caretakers who they stay with for a long time, sometimes even telepathically, in special cases.  Dean likes that, he likes the idea of a pet he can talk to, but even so he’s still not so sure about the slime factor of snuggling a half octopus. (Even though this one just… looks… so… cute snuggled up to its stick).
Ana asked herself.
Five nights and Dean is dreaming of blue eyes again, but they are far away, they are blurring as they recede into the distance.  They are cold.
*****
Dean laces his own hands together, under his head, and relaxes on them, closes his eyes.  “Feels good, Cas.  Always feels good, when you touch me.”
“And you came for me.”
This, this must be the future. He can change it.  He has changed the future before.  He can change it, he can, and then he can tell Castiel.  He can say it, he can finally say it.  “I love you Cas,” it will be so easy, and then Castiel will finally know.
He is staring into Castiel’s eyes, when he says “Yes.”
Dean’s face falls.  “No Sam, I… No.  I broke it, I’ll fix it.  I need to.”
.  The stars stream around him.  The hold him close and whisper to him.  They whirl around him and protect him.  They cry when he cries.  They tint emerald, where they are close to him, and they fade, dimmer, just slightly dimmer, where they are far away.  They stretch off into the distance, farther than he can see, farther than anyone can see.  “
*****
“These are the wings of the Knights of Hell, among whom you are now the first.  These manifest your power over human souls, and dictate that human souls have no power over you.”
and he got his Name on Castiel.  There is nothing for Castiel to do but to
but maybe
.  He pauses.  Castiel doesn’t run in to his back though, he is too attuned to Dean’s movements, he was paying too close attention to his stride through the dark.
“You weren't invited to that party!!  There was a good reason you weren't invited to that party!  All of those guests hated you, and I wanted to fuck all of them!  You should have learned your lesson after the Bachannalia de Gallico!!”
