Molly cocked her head, trying to think of how to articulate what she meant. "Kind of? I'm not suicidal, not at all. And I'm not, like, cutting myself or anything. But sometimes thoughts or feelings take me over and they feel like they're coming from somewhere else. Like they're not my thoughts." She twisted her ponytail around her index finger, yanking on it nervously. "That sounds really psychotic. I'm not hallucinating, it's just like…"
could be boring??
Molly made a shoeing motion with her hands. "I'll take a taxi! No worries. I'm
Sherlock's head cocked to the side, willing John to continue without using the broken voice that he knew was lurking in his throat.
Sherlock's body was wound tight with tension; he could feel the rage beginning bubble in his belly again, and he tried to contain it but he could feel his voice rising. "You can't just dismiss that man's suffering because you have also had a few hard times, John! What has happened to you has been the
Sherlock poured healthy measures of bourbon into rocks glasses even though it was not yet noon. He handed one to John and took a fortifying sip of his own before nodding to John to begin.
Sherlock sprang up, eager to expound. "I was observing whether you would sleep through a sexual encounter that was initiated by someone else given the same parameters that usually cause an episode. We've been on this kidnapping case for two days and ..." Sherlock trailed off, observing John's clenched, shaking form. "You're angry. You said it wasn't a problem if this happened with people you've already had sex with, and we've already done this. Well,
Sherlock sighed at his reflection, finally turning the phone off and shoving it in his pocket as the lights and air conditioning kicked on, followed quickly by the lift buttons lighting up. "I wouldn't let the disappointment get you down," he drawled as he punched the button for their floor.
Molly round. "I've been fucking things up a little."
He nearly choked on his beer. "Truly? That's brilliant, I've always wanted to learn to fly." He looked wistful, and Molly knew she was in. "Commercial or private?"
"You," Sherlock said between kisses, dropping his voice into a silky baritone. "Get a gold star." God, he made it sound filthy. Sherlock dropped back down to resume his work on John's neck. Had Sherlock deduced his most sensitive spots, or discovered them during his episode? His breath hitched and he once again felt Sherlock's smile. Sherlock was ghosting his fingertips over John's ribs, nipples, and chest, providing a shivery counterpoint to the soft nips on his neck and shoulders. John shifted his weight, trying to subtly adjust himself, antsy for Sherlock to explore. Sherlock responded almost immediately by trailing his mouth down John's torso, applying firm suction to his nipples, grazing his teeth across his ribs, swirling his tongue in his navel.
. After gently disengaging his cock, he crawled up Sherlock's body and rolled off to the side. Silently, he stroked Sherlock's cheekbones and jaw, and searched his eyes carefully.
Molly hovered near the doorway. "Thank you, Sally. For lunch, and for coming with me. I think I'd still be at the bottom of the stairs if you hadn't been here."
They were walking out of the building, John's laptop clasped in front of his body to hide the wetness of his trousers, when John turned to Sherlock. "Was any of that true?"
"No, I just need a minute." He closed his eyes, breathed meditatively, and tried to push his muscles open.
They stopped for sushi on the way home and Molly insisted on ordering sake. She felt a familiar, pleasant hum in her blood as the alcohol hit her bloodstream and listened quietly as John told a funny story about fishing an entire dandelion from a child's nose. They were laughing as he mimed pulling individual petals out of his nose when someone at the next table recognized Sherlock and stopped to introduce himself and ask about his lost dog. John faked an urgent text from Lestrade before Sherlock could reply, and a few minutes later they were headed back to the flat.
Three, four, five more thrusts and John was coming so hard that it actually painted Sherlock's chest a little. The sight of it sent Sherlock over the edge and he went stiff and cried out as he soaked his knickers. Finally, Sherlock craned his neck down for a kiss as he rode out his orgasm.
, touch my … ”
"Napkins," came Sherlock's whispered prompt when John's breathing became irregular. John grabbed some from the cup holder, and a second later a beautiful woman emerged the water and pulled off her top. Sherlock turned to watch and it was absolutely gorgeous. John's jaw was clamped down with the effort of silence, and his eyes rolled back in his head, but he maintained his military posture perfectly and not a sound escaped his lips as he spurted against the napkins. As Sherlock stroked him through it, he considered his and John's fondness for semipublic sex acts and chuckled quietly.
John sighed in exasperation at the phrasing but let it go. Molly bit her lip, not responding, but didn't flinch when John touched her shoulder. "It's the fight, flight, or freeze response, remember?"
Sherlock flinched, forcing his eyes open as he pulled away. He looked wrecked, eyes red, pupils rebounding against the light. "This is how I am," he said, sounding weary and defeated.
John's hands were everywhere, tracing the lines of Sherlock's scarred back, gripping his thin, muscled shoulders, caressing his face as he pulled Sherlock down for another kiss. Sherlock was keeping his pace slow, almost lazy, and his own fingers were lightly rubbing John's face, occasionally ruffling his hair. Finally, they caught John's hands as they were tracing his stubble, and Sherlock entwined their fingers. He kissed John's knuckles one by one and then they just smiled drunkenly at each other for a long moment as Sherlock continued his slow roll of pleasure.
Sherlock’s jaw dropped in mock indignation. “I am not
Molly nodded. Her rage had left her as quickly as it came and she felt impossibly more tired. Pushing herself off the chair, she rinsed her cup in the sink and pulled on her backpack, leaving without another word.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not the way she wanted me to. Not like I ..." he let the words trail off, nodding at John instead.
More strokes. John grabbed Sherlock's length, matched his pace, running his thumb over the tip with each stroke. "Excellent choice. And where do you want it?" The information was sliding into place, and Sherlock thought he knew where this was going, but he had already made two incorrect deductions and was not keen to make a third.
John laughed, shaking the bed as Sherlock resumed his stroking. John craned his head forward, licking and nibbling at Sherlock’s neck as pleasure rippled through his body. “God, that feels good,” John whispered as Sherlock swiped a thumb across the tip. Long fingers pumped him for several more strokes before sliding down to cup his bollocks. John bent his knees, planting his feet to give Sherlock better access.
John sighed tiredly, but Sherlock was completely unperturbed. "It's nothing to be defensive about. You have a perfectly average cock."
Molly waved her off. "I'll settle the tab, don't worry. Go on! You can cover next time."
Molly smiled sadly. Of course all she'd had to do was walk in the bloody room and Sherlock would know what'd happened. In truth, that was partly why she'd come. "No one special. Just someone I met at the pub last week."
Lestrade snorted. "Sherlock doesn't seem to mind. Although I have it on good authority that he wouldn't give up the rest of the details. Actually told someone to piss off. You two have a row about it?"
Sherlock smiled against his mouth and bit John's lower lip; the smaller man shivered. "In that case," he slid a tongue over the bite mark. "What's the square root of 121?"
Molly broke in and said that she preferred John do it to going to her own workplace to report a rape. John sat beside her. "I can do that, if we go to the surgery. But if I'm providing actual medical services to you, not just helping a friend out, I need to call the police. You don't have to talk to them, but I have to call. I
, it seemed to say. “I was in Uni, drinking a lot myself; sometimes with my teammates, sometimes with Dad. I was just starting to realize that the shit he was spouting off was not normal. The rugby guys would sometimes tease about so-and-so being a poof or whatever, but not … not the kind of shit Dad would say.”
John stuttered and he dropped his gaze. "I -- I want ..." His mouth closed again and his face burned; he couldn't say it.
A muscley, dark-haired bloke was smiling at him and making very direct eye contact. Smiling, John lifted his fingers off his glass in a half-wave and looked away; he wasn't cruising tonight. He cast about the room, hoping to see Clara, but there were hardly any women anywhere in the bar.
John took a half-step back, eyes dancing over Sherlock’s face. Sherlock quickly schooled his features, and John reached forward, squeezing Sherlock’s biceps firmly. “Sorry, Sherlock. I didn’t think.”
John surveyed Greg for the first time since Sherlock rolled away and grabbed his dick when he saw splashes of come on his face and belly. He stroked himself firmly,
John kept his eyes firmly on the laptop, knowing Sherlock would need a moment to process the conversation. Surely enough, after about a full minute, Sherlock cleared his throat and began moving again, sorting papers into neat piles. "Molly noticed you looking, you know. She liked it. Leaned against the drawers to induce a shiver. She was wishing you'd pinch them a bit. Maybe roll them between your fingers until they tented the front of her top." John licked his lips lightly, trying to focus on typing names into social media searches. Sherlock kept his voice low. "They were absolutely aching with the want for your touch. Her breasts aren't very large, but they are quite ... perky. Beautiful, dusky nipples, that are quite responsive. They were growing tight just under your gaze. Imagine if you were to actually touch them."
It turned out that Sherlock had actually been researching that whole time. He'd found the most likely culprit (a new server who had a very sketchy private investigator Sherlock knew by reputation as a reference) and deduced the cause of death (bacteria on the knife, causing systemic infection and multiple organ failure). Lestrade and Donovan ran off in a flurry of activity, calling Molly to find out what type of bacteria it was and who was at risk for contracting it.
Sherlock chuckled and slicked a finger, pushing it slowly into his now willing hole. "You'll come. Loudly, if I had to guess." He added a second finger. John sucked in a breath through his teeth, flinching a bit. "Relax," he crooned. He leaned down and licked around the hole as he slid one and then two fingers in and out, coming close to that one spot but not touching it until John began to pant and push back against him.  He added more lube, and a third finger, and started grazing his prostate lightly. John gripped the sheets, making a strangled cry and angling his hips for more. "That's it," Sherlock said, teasing his prostate. "That's how you like it. I could watch you like this for
In the morning, Molly drank a glass of water from the bathroom sink to chase away her cotton mouth before brushing her teeth and showering. Her throat felt a bit raw, her knees a bit sore. She grimaced at her reflection.
Sherlock held out a hand to pull John to his feet, spinning him around and rubbing his cock between his cheeks, biting kisses on his shoulders. Sherlock's reached around to grab his cock and John glanced down to watch, but quickly looked away, neck reddening.
He looked at her with raised eyebrows and waited a beat. Molly knew he wouldn't ask her directly, but he might ask someone else if she didn't offer anything up. She sighed in annoyance. "It's really nothing."
Lestrade narrowed his eyes wearily. "What'd you do? I told you, I can't sort things out with the nuns again."
“ Amaz—… oh,
John fisted the front of Sherlock’s shirt and pulled him down to bite his ear roughly. “Do you know what Lestrade said to me as we were leaving?” he growled, clawing at Sherlock’s buttons. He didn’t wait for an answer. “He said that you needed to learn some
John hesitated. This was his last chance. If he laughed it off, the moment would pass and they would let it even if they both know the truth. He carded a hand through his hair and took a deep breath. "Well, I wouldn't go that far. I never ... I always favored women. Maybe I'd appreciate the way a man looks once and again, but it never lasted. I admire you, Sherlock," John said softly. "You're witty and sarcastic and I can't even fathom how your brain works. And the more I grew to like you, the more my appreciation morphed into attraction and the attraction morphed into ... more." He swallowed, looking like he wished he was anywhere else. "And I know that once you found out what I did to Vincent, it shut the door on whatever was between us." He stood, looking agitated, eyes darting toward the stairs. "If there was ever anything there at all." He blinked against the moisture in his eyes and moved to flee.
Molly tucked her knees under her and turned her head to the side to welcome the slide of a cock -- John's, she thought, now -- against her tongue. She heard the other one    pop open the cap on a bottle of lube and felt the press of a thick, slippery finger against her. It pushed in and she yelped against the cock in her mouth. The finger stilled and she pushed back onto it. The slight burn was perfect, almost enough. She opened her mouth wider, relaxing her throat to take him deeper.
Sherlock absorbed those last few sentences, guilt and shame and horror washing over him. “John, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. When I jumped … I didn’t know.” He shook his head, blinking back tears. “Little wonder you punched me.”
"Me, too," John breathed. He squeezed tighter, moved his hand faster, and panted, whimpering a bit when Sherlock moaned. "Let it go, love," he urged, and Sherlock gasped and shuddered as he came, John going stiff moments later and slowing his rhythm as he stroked them through it, spreading come everywhere. Sherlock collapsed beside him, pressing kisses to his mouth before John staggered to the loo, cock bouncing against his belly as he walked.
John's voice turned. "Yes, there is. Molly can't see what's coming to tell us if she doesn't want it, and you can't read her face as well with it half-covered."
John shook with a silent laugh, but his cock got noticeably harder. "I do, yeah," he whispered back.
John heard the snick of a plastic-topped bottle being opened, and then the slight pressure of Sherlock’s fingertip
"No," she said firmly. "That's not a good idea." It was certainly true on many levels.
"Haven't been away," John replied good-naturedly.
Steve smiled, tugging lately on John's shirt sleeve. "Come on, don't be like that. Look, he's about to come this way, I'll introduce you. Oi! Sherlock!"
Sherlock craned his neck for a kiss and John wiped his forehead tenderly. Sherlock murmured, "More," and John nudged forward. So much pressure, and then the ring of muscle released and John slid forward a couple of inches without much resistance before Sherlock cried out.
The touch was electric, and Sherlock grinned, letting out a shaky breath as John squeezed and stroked him. John smiled back at him, stretching up for a quick, dirty kiss as he spread a drop of moisture around the tip and finished stroking him to full hardness. “Feels amazing,” Sherlock murmured, rocking his hips to push slightly into John’s hand.
Sherlock shook his head in exasperation. "You are unbelievable. NO, we are not going back to invite him."
Sherlock swooped about the restaurant with an indecent amount of glee. A line cook was found dead and although there had been a knife wound on him, that had not been the cause of death. They'd examined the body with Molly and she was flummoxed as well. Some slight bruising across his abdomen suggested he might've been struck, she thought, but there was no internal damage. The knife wound might've needed some stitches but was nothing life-threatening. Preliminary tox screen came back clear; he'd had some alcohol in his system but nowhere near enough to kill him.
Sherlock sniffed. "Ian should have won. His showstopper cake was superb."
John smiled mischievously. "Probably not." Sherlock bit his earlobe and popped the button, giving him better access to John's now rather firm erection. He rested his face against John's and they both pretended to watch the screen as Sherlock rubbed his thumb over the slit, spreading precome over the head of John's silky cock. He stroked John lazily, finding a slow, steady rhythm and bringing John to full hardness.
Greg smiled broadly. "Did my good deed for the day, then. Happy to help out with anything in that vein again." He sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and began pulling on his clothes. "Best get going, have loads of paperwork to get to tomorrow."
"Liz," Molly introduced herself, realizing that she'd never gotten Caramel Voice's name. That ought to be embarrassing, but somehow it was thrilling instead.  "So what's your story, Jack?"
Sherlock scribbled a note on a copy of someone's ID. "Doesn't it? You've been heterosexual your whole life. You're a 1 on the Kinsey scale. Of course eventually you're going to realize that what we have isn't natural for you. It's understandable," he said firmly, barreling over the protests John was beginning to murmur. "I'm a 5 and I can't imagine it working out with a woman for long." And it
Greg untied Molly, and Sally removed her blindfold before leaning down to kiss her softly. Greg knelt between Molly's legs and licked at her gently, circling her clit a few times before closing around it. With gentle pressure and swirls of his tongue, Greg brought her to another orgasm as Sally kissed her sweetly and caressed her skin.
It had happened in seconds. The second attacker, a well-muscled man who easily outweighed Sherlock by 50 pounds, strutted toward him and held up his fists to ready a punch. Sherlock had struck him in the larynx before he had a chance to swing, and when the man clutched his neck, Sherlock threw an uppercut that had laid the man out cold.
Molly winced. "No evidence."
John leaned in as well, mock-concern on his face. "Listen, mate, if he's nice here, I'm certainly not going to ruin it for all of you." He grinned, his gaze dipping to the man's lips for a half-beat before returning to his face. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name."
"John, please."
He was torn between the fact that he could have done it and saved Sherlock and the fact that Sherlock had murdered an unarmed man in cold blood. John had done the same thing technically but he could at least use the excuse of the fake gun Jefferson Hope was holding.  They should have thanked him because Magnussen was a despicable bastard and it was in defense of Mary but none of that could ever be brought into the light of day, so John was stuck in this weird guilty angry fog with no direction other than his wife.
"Wow. I tried to play the piano once. My teacher told my dad I was all thumbs and he shouldn't waste his money. I was heart-broken at the time." Molly holds out her hands and sighs.
Greg swallowed hard and with a deep breath, said, "I wanted to be the one to tell you. We don't have a body… I mean, any remains, but that happens sometimes in these cases. People've got no idea how bad the current is. The Thames is never an easy rescue. Well, you know, you have had to examine enough of them. It looks placid but it's swift and cold. Happens all the time. Make a gesture, or fall in drunk. RNLI was dispatched. They were right there, but he never surfaced. Tower lifeboat station got the call, there were witnesses. Two of them were Mycroft's men. One happened to be trained in rescue swimming, he dove in right after. He had to be rescued, in fact."
“If he survives a month, I will be astounded.” John replied with numb resolve.
All John liked to remember was Paul had loved Christmas and he always found some way to celebrate it no matter what kind of shit-storm they were in at the time. He'd once dragged a tumbleweed into a secret-ops barracks somewhere in south Texas and decorated it with live rounds, five pair of women's frilly knickers and he'd made little explicitly naughty figures out of tongue depressors. It was a magical Christmas.
"I beg your pardon. I do. I have every right. Until I determine the deterioration of his mental capacity, you have no further say in the fate of John Watson. I don't even have to do more than set him free at this point. He will be retired by his own former colleagues. That is out of my hands. He has been deemed a loose cannon and I have to agree with them. Push me, and I will let his problems resolve themselves in the manner he signed up for long ago."
John had been in this limbo of confusion for some time and yet had no way to settle it one way or the other without gambling everything. He'd hinted. He had let Sherlock catch him peeking at him with the question blazing in his eyes. Sherlock would turn the corners of his mouth up for a split second and pick up his violin.
Sherlock speaks calmly, " I was not a selfish lover. I hope I wasn't. I was rather beyond desperate the first round, but it wasn't just sex, John. I have not cried in front of anyone but you since I was a child. I gave her the last tears I will ever shed. I gave her the very last of me."
He really did like how quickly she caught on to things and sighed contentedly, “Think it would have worked?”
John tilted his head and smiled back bitterly. His voice grew hard and slightly amused, “ On the other hand if my heart were the only one selecting among the three of you…it would always be Sherlock.  No matter what he thinks of me, no matter that he’s your son and no matter that he’s probably the greatest arsehole to ever exist.  I would kill for him, die for him and forgive him anything because I have no choice.  I can exist without him, but I have concluded from extensive research that I just don’t bloody well want to.”
She cocks her head at him, unable to figure out if he's found out about John's gun, or if someone has questioned something on Sherlock's post mortem. Either will get her arrested. "Am I in trouble, then?" she says trying to joke, but honestly just sounding scared and guilty. They may spend every Sunday together at Mrs. Hudson's, but if he has to choose between friendship and work, Molly knows he will do what he thinks must be done. He arrested Sherlock.
________________________
Molly has always been lost to the way Sherlocks mind works.  After everything, she's now more in the dark than ever before.  Is she just a pawn or does she deserve Sherlock's wrath.
He hoped it would be a matter of time before Mycroft tracked him down.  He was ready to end his adventure and in his deepest heart, thought it would be a grand thing if John found happiness within his own family.  His little spy-girl had had her own adventures wind to the inevitable peaceful life of a long time widow.  He’d contented himself that soon he too would be called to retire and he’d often imagined the reunion with his sons.  He had also vividly imagined Rhino’s reaction to the discovery he’d revealed on the night he’d inadvertently caused such harm with his last minute suicide plan.
John shrugged, and said, "People search for them, try to save them?"
“There are always two of us. The two of us against the rest of the world?  Don’t you read the blog?  On your knees, Professor.  Hands behind your head.”
“ You know what I am. I'm your brother, “ Mycroft sighs.
Sherlock licked his lips and spoke softly, "This is my…not-hell. I know hell exists now, John. All I have to do is open my eyes. Hell is boring. It's real and you know it is."
“Is that how it works?  Is that why you killed Jefferson Hope?  For the thrill rather than necessity?  Are you really that good of a shot or was it my mistake to think it mattered which of us you ended that night? Your vote of confidence is most treasured.   The real John never doubted me nor I him.”
John swallowed and tilted his head. "You'll never make it through my training. "
“John, no.  Please, stop.  Let me explain…”
*Sherlock.  Don't make me regret this.  You were right about some things and now that I have cooled down, we need to talk.*
I forgive you for not trusting me. I forgive you for playing dead. It is harder to know you didn't believe in me or need me enough. I accept it. Can you prove me wrong?
" He has a note in his left pocket. It is on yellow linen paper, folded precisely in the origami shape of the crane. The shape means loyalty and honor but the color means freedom. The ink is crimson, perhaps for his school teacher, or perhaps to represent love. And it says,…Oh God." Sherlock sits down and stops speaking.
Sherlock looked down at him with that smirk he had always saved for just John. "John. I don't need them. They are not partial melodies any longer. And those are just the first three. There are now five more. You were on my mind constantly. You have your own palace in my mind, my John. It was not sentiment. It was my survival." Without another word, the violin snapped under his chin and John melted into his chair as love filled the room. It swirled on the restless waves of sonnet and the violin cried in joy for brave Sherlock and his faithful John.
She closes her eyes and sniffs the collar, not wanting to let him go and yet her mind can picture him in the water, just another average looking man, departed and ready to melt away from all he once brought to the world. He would never leave this pleasant intoxicant on a piece of clothing again. John's gone to the sea and his eyes are part of the water. Rigor mortis would have just begun, delayed by the cold water, but his body will be losing temperature faster than if he weren't in the liquid. The last warmth of his life would be seeping out and his eyes would be looking into the murk that took him. Sometimes Molly hated her job and wished her mind didn't catalogue all the stupid information that assaulted her as she thought about John drowned.
“Of course he's dead, he blew his own brains out, no-one survives that. “ Sherlock holds up his hand as john started to speak.  “Oh Please no.  I told you it is never twins.  It is never Twins, John.”
The man looked at him quickly from toe to head. He shook his head and his eyes darted through the night, watchful and under stress, but masking it as disgust, "So, got yourself shot. Thought I taught you better than that. Can't leave you alone for five minutes."
Thanks for reading.  Chapter 2 will be posted soon but my spellcheck has taken a powder so if you see a mistake please let me know.   It does get better or at least fluffier.
"I am sorry John. You have three days. If we have not come to an understanding by then, I am afraid there is little more I can do for you," Mycroft said in a bored tone that he also managed to feign sympathy in such a patronizing bully voice that John had curled against his restraints in mirth.
“No, everyone always lets you do whatever you want. That's how you got in this state!”
“Just popped in town, wanted a top off, did you?” Sherlock murmured with amusement.
Perdition is sometimes a deceptive place.
Mrs. Hernsley leaned forward with a knowing expression and a superior air of authority. "Porn. All men young and old are perverts and the only cure for it is a pine box. Do you remember that nice Mr. Wilson, always dressed so fancy and proper, had to be a hundred and twelve if a day? He had a bucket load of magazines delivered every month. Told me they were 'scientific journals', and me believing him , too. Up and dies on me and I go up to make a list of what damage might need seeing about. Everything neat as a pin and in good order, until I open the spare bedroom. He has it stacked floor to ceiling. Must'a had half-a-million quid invested in looking at naked people. Not just girls, mind you. Took me weeks and cost me three vertebrae in me lower back. Hadn't made a dent. Some of it went back to the bloody nineteen-sixties. Finally found a dealer who hauled it all away for me, tickled to George."
She nodded and tucked her hair behind her ear, tilting her head and squirming deeper in his lap. “I found it. You must have dropped it when…there was blood on it. Not much on the floor, but this. Made me sick.”
John swallows and nods. "Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade told me once that Sherlock is a great man. He said he hoped one day that he'd be a good one as well. At that moment, I didn't know what to say, because he was the first one who had said something that didn't sound like a warning label for serial killers. The thing is, he doesn't have to be good, or well liked or a cheerful ball of levity. People don't hate him and fear him because he's damaged, and he is damaged, but that isn't why they are cruel to him."
She berated herself for not finishing the job, for genuinely wanting to give him a chance to live. The order had been no witnesses, and she had feared more than anything that it would be Janine who she would have to call collateral damage. That, she had been prepared for. But she had managed that.  What had she been thinking? She had cost herself everything by a second’s hesitation. She should have shot the man and just left. But instead, she’d taken a moment to play with him. He deserved so much worse than a fast death before he even knew he was wounded. She wanted him to regret, just for a moment and she wanted him to know all the names of individuals he had ignorantly corrupted and caused to be murdered or tortured, all for his amusement.
"Well, my married ones have their little domestics but they aren't as volatile as your boys were. You were just too soft on them. I said it from day one. Should have taken them in hand and you have always let your lines blur between mothering them a bit and being their mother," Mrs. Turner said with conviction.
“ Not at all.” Sherlock said graciously. John pulls the curtain shut with finality.
Mrs. Holmes raises one eyebrow at her son, "He didn't have to. I may be old, but don't think for a second I am not still your Mother."
Sherlock quickly scrambles as John heads to the bathroom, not quite making it to the toilet before violent heaves and sobs mix with half formed wails of anguish. Sherlock follows and makes a face, but John falling apart before his eyes is much more important. He takes a flannel and dampens it, carefully mopping the vomit and tears away. John's emotions are manifesting in desperate wails of near insanity. Sherlock kneels down on the floor once the major heaves have passed and he wraps his arms around John, just as he's longed to do for so long.
John noticed Sherlock watching his father with cool boredom as he let his violin sing the new tune with precision, yet he rarely glanced at his part.   He couldn’t help but wonder exactly what Sherlock was deducing about the maniac with the violin.  He certainly was not making deductions of paternal ties to himself with that expression of disdainful tedium he was wearing. The turn-ups on his tux must have fooled Sherlock.    John pulled out his camera phone and took several pictures, in case he ever needed proof that the great Sherlock Holmes doesn’t know all things at all times.
worried about my feelings? That is a load of rubbish and you know it," John said, using his finger to gesture at Sherlock.
Sally Donavan strolled from the kitchen into the sitting-room holding up a jar of chicken brains “Are these brains?  They were in the bloody refrigerator. I almost dumped them on the olive tray.”
John looked at him with a sideways disgust. Well, he thought, that explains what you see me as. You are the genius and I am your audience, you oblivious prick. Still, in for a penny, in for a pound.
John looked annoyed. "About us being together?"
Of course they read the flash drive, they were not idiots.  The boys discuss what they should do and what John wants.
"What sins? Tell me, Sherlock. What happened. I can see you were in a fight. Was it with John?"
"Don't be an idiot." Sherlock said nothing more as he stomped across the dew-damp field, certain a shadow of some sort followed two steps behind and to his right.
“No. Sherlock. I think it’s time we talk.” John finally interrupted.
"Jesus, don't you dare start this again."
'I have nothing to stay for and in two weeks…'
“Nor with me having the slightest contact. Your family will always be in danger so long as you are associated with me. I would give you up if that was what you required to maintain your indulgent fallacious fantasy that you alone can make the world safe?” Sherlock said staring pointedly out the window.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and his lips part slightly as if he had just slapped a third nicotine patch on his arm as he sighs “God, yes.”
"Oh. Umm." Molly feels her throat closing and looks away, slightly offended.
Molly froze. If he started saying he regretted this while he's still… she's going to punch him in the face.
"I don't know," she says hesitantly.
______________________________________________________-
They slowly found all the new sensations of each other so inviting and enticing that there was barely a beginning before they both shuddered and moaned unable to hold out for more than their hands upon each other. The pleasure was unbalancing and both grinned at the fact that neither could be called competent or much more than fumbling virgins.
“You are a rubbish shot, Sherlock. I’m in more danger that you will miss them and kill me than I probably am from your mystery assassin!” John grumbled as Billy fidgeted with the lighting.
John let the words sink into him, but he couldn't come up with one thing he cared about in the whole world.
Grady winked at Sherlock.  “I told you, he is exactly like his father, God rest his soul,” he said to the others with a melancholy pride.
"Choices, genius. This one is all yours," John said low and dangerous.
"I won't fit."
There was general assent at the suggestion.
Sherlock waited and softly added, “Could be dangerous?”
"If you did, I would fall for it."
“What on earth are you talking about?”
He didn’t take kindly to John having invaded his territory and despite the obvious care the man had just received; he belligerently demanded that this was not a place for amateur medics.   John backed off rather than make a scene.  He had no idea how Rat had arranged this rescue and the crisis was over and as always, John’s adrenaline began to crash alarmingly.   He collapsed in a chair in the hallway and was sound asleep when Rat touched his arm.
Mycroft had the supposed plumber within his clutches by the next afternoon and the poor man was pleased to recount his story. It seems that he was left unpaid and on top of that, he had gone home to discover his live in girlfriend murdered. He had only managed to save himself by using the very gun he'd been expected to kill Mrs. Hudson with on the intruder who was still in his kitchen standing over the body. The man's months on the lamb had taken a toll on his health severely. Cash worked far quicker than intimidation.
He deflected, “Oh, I was expecting a deal, a mole you needed me to look at or, you know, a pity snog? Do whatever you feel best, Miss Morstan.”
"Ah, yes, our brave little soldier. Most impressive."
Sherlock brings a different concept to light about Mary
He typed quickly.
Sherlock tried to keep his mouth closed as he worked at chewing the colossal ball of truffle. His eyes widened further as he slowly chewed.
“Magnussen.”
And so ended the first perdition and the second perdition slipped into being.
He awakens, choking and wheezing, lying on the floor of this strange room with an enormously fat and bald middle-aged man standing over him poking at him with a cane. "I won't 'ave no drunks in here. You wanna sleep, you gotta pay. Times up. Your friend turned in his key, so you 'ave to go. Got people in at six and got to clean up this mess. "
His face flushed, “I don’t know. I’ll never bloody know, will I? Ancient history. Today he’s been dead longer than I knew him and…” He pulls a breath in and blows it out as if controlling pain. “ He should have not left me here. He should have come back. I asked him to come back.” There were tears in his eyes and that brought a macho anger.
John finds the words 'IRATE MUNCH FERODO' on an overpass train track. He looked around and to his left saw a police station and wondered if someone needed bail. He shook his head and walked under the trestle and spotted a royal blue sandwich shop called 'Mighty Bite'. He crossed the street with a grin and peeks through the one inch metal grate but the interior is only lit by a Pepsi machine. The shop was empty.
I'm bored and I am off for the next adventure, John.
"This isn't how I meant for this to turn out. I wanted him to know, he'd made a mistake, leaving me behind. I did prove the point. I could have helped."
Ford absolutely returned to London, despite what he’d said in the past.  Poor John would never know that he was the person who insisted Irene call the consulting criminal at the perfect moment.  No hell on earth would have protected Little Jimmy from the big bad Rat if he had actually harmed John or his idiot offspring.
“Yes. You cannot theorize before you have all the evidence. The color of our bricks is determined by the content of the clay,“ He says with an encouraging nod then signals for silence as he addresses the person on the other end of the phone.
“But how?” John asked, still confused and trying to understand what Sherlock is trying to say.
“Oh... I should think like this.” Sherlock reaches up and pulls John down close to his face. “I am going to jump off the Reichenback Falls.”
"You have no idea how much I wish I could do just that."
Sherlock was home from heaven and hell.
John blushed. "Well, yes honestly. I have always rather prided myself on my ability to control myself. I usually take a much longer time to build up into the required state of arousal to achieve release. It has never occurred with, so little direct firm stimulation."
"Locking us out." Mycroft said passively.
The food is delivered as Sherlock begins mumbling again. “ He's right, you know. So what if he's right?! He's always right, it's boring! Will you help me? Cherchez la femme. I always knew I could count on you, Lestrade. John has abandoned me, you know.  Again.”
“Mary Watson, came out of retirement, for me. Well, for my husband and me. Sherlock, Mary has been with us for many years. We brought her here when her cover was blown beyond all hope five years ago. She was discouraged, exhausted and had no place in the world that was safe. She wanted out and we helped her. She was never a freelance mongrel. She was ours, though the colonist rabble would disagree.  But you must understand, in my world, things are far more complex than anyone can imagine. It was by my order than anyone who saw her face had to be considered…”
"Interesting. Warning. Do not assume that you know the thing you yourself have created. Because those in the last stages of the journey you have planned with such precision are not as predictable as the faithful pet you abandoned to the forest. I am thankful that you are whole. Don't doubt that for one second. It gives me my sanity back to know I simply was a pawn in your games and not important enough to have affected your demise. But, there are wounds and scars. A whistle and a demand to heel will no longer warrant compliance."
Sherlock curled his nose and shook his head. "You must be getting soft on them then. More than half were gone in the first class."
Sherlock grunted an almost laugh before saying, “You allow emotions to cloud your judgement.”
Explicit sexual content ahead!
All three men groaned, then chuckled. John ran a light, teasing stroke down his own shaft and watched as Greg and Sherlock sucked each other in unison. Sherlock seemed to have finally gotten the hang of deepthroating and had set a slow, leisurely pace, not really enough to finish Greg yet. It didn't seem to bother Greg, who was matching his pace. Both men were making little noises here and John realized that with them coordinating their movements it probably felt as though they were sucking their own cocks.
A fist closed in her hair, yanking her to her feet and leading her forward. Molly reached out to stroke Sally's soft skin, a silent thank you for the pain. The noise in her head was finally starting to dampen.
He opened her suitcase and found a pair of fuzzy pyjama pants and a long-sleeved t-shirt. Pulling off his own t-shirt, he climbed under the covers and helped her into the pants before crawling all the way in and wrapping his arms around her.
Sherlock let his jaw drop in false indignation. "Don't be absurd. You said she would swallow it. I said she would find it, and she did."
“Oh, the pleasure of my
"Still," John conceded. "It wasn't very loving and I shouldn't have said it."
Immediately, Sherlock's entire body protested. "Stop." John backed off a half-inch and waited as Sherlock bit his lip and clenched his fists and breathed deeply. Slowly, slowly, his body gave way, and he nodded at John, only to immediately stop him again.
Sherlock huffed a laugh. "Your subconscious betrays you." He unfastened a few buttons and pulled his collar back to reveal several bitemarks and bright purple bruises.
Sherlock reached a hand out to her, amusement in his face. "I haven't seen you this potted in ages." He pulled her into the light of the flat and swept his eyes over her, smile sliding off his face. "Oh, Molly," he admonished. "
“Ssssh,” John whispered, pressing a finger to his lips. “Hush, gorgeous. Let’s see if I can’t distract you.” He pulled at Sherlock’s shirt buttons, pressing in for kisses now and then but mostly just letting Sherlock the desire in his eyes as more and more of Sherlock’s skin was revealed. He pushed the shirt over Sherlock’s shoulders and tugged it off his arms, discarding it onto the floor. Kissing Sherlock once more, he whispered, “Lie back,” as he pushed gently against his shoulders.
. You got so wrapped up in flirting with you completely forgot the case. I had to continue the dance until she gave me the information I needed. Apparently on Tuesday nights they cater to a more selective clientele." Sherlock narrowed his eyes and leaned in. "Besides, you weren't upset about the touching, you were aroused. As I knew you would be."
"So needy," Sherlock murmured. "Two months is too long to go between sexual encounters?"
Today was awful. And probably tomorrow would be too. But she wanted to believe that it wasn't forever.
Molly smiled at him awkwardly. “I’m sor—oh my God, Sherlock, your shirt!” She clasped a hand to her mouth for a moment, then reached down to wipe at it with a mostly-clean tissue.
read, but I hope some part of it resonated with each of you. --BK
John slowed the pace, holding the condom on at the base as he brought Sherlock through his orgasm. Finally, Sherlock pulled away and tied off the condom before collapsing on the pillows. John laid beside him and they kissed, smiling against each other as they shivered and grew sleepy. John pulled away, looking directly in Sherlock's eyes. "Thank you," he said fervently. "I know you must've been disappointed when I backed out."
The woman two tables over spat the engagement ring into her hand, her face moving from alarm and disgust to shock and joy. The man got down on one knee, she said yes before he even had the question properly out, and the restaurant applauded as they embraced. John tapped a fork on his wine glass, his face open in a fond smile, and soon the whole restaurant was filled with tinkling music. The bride-to-be blushed, giggling, but let her new fiancé kiss her to scattered applause and cheers.
? We’ve never given him a reason to.”
His nipples weren’t particularly sensitive, not like John’s, but John had discovered that they responded well to small amounts of rough treatment. He sucked one hard between his lips, grazing it with his teeth before moving to bite and suck at the other one. Sherlock writhed a bit under him, arching his back for more as John kissed his way down the flat planes of his stomach, teasing at skin just under the edge of his trousers before tugging at his belt and reaching for his flies. “Let’s see what we have to work with, shall we?” he said, smirk on his face.
Sherlock saw her nervousness, but misinterpreted. "Don't worry, Moll. I'll find him."
John's reply was swift. "It doesn't."
"Don't apologize to
John seemed unable to speak, so Sherlock interjected smoothly, reaching down to grasp John by the elbow and pull him off the ground. John seemed a bit unsteady, so he held on. “We’re not police. I’m consulting on the case as a detective. Sherlock Holmes. I daresay you know my partner.”
, there it was. Five more thrusts and John bit Sherlock's shoulder as he came, muffling his strangled cry. Sherlock unclenched his muscles and slowed his hips, letting John pull away after a few more slow rolls of his hips.
John nodded. "Yes, it definitely helped decrease the frequency of my episodes, although it was harder to wake me up from them when they happened. I've noticed that it happens less when I'm more physically active. So, even though I was highly stressed while in the Army, I didn't have anywhere near as many episodes as I did during my med school. That was definitely the peak."
of shots, after all -- and John caught him. He waited for the scowling defensiveness to start but instead, Sherlock just laughed.
Sherlock smiled, a bit shyly. "I suppose I am a bit. Don't tell anyone, it'll ruin my reputation." He climbed on top of John and straddled his hips, staying up on his knees as he massaged John's (strong, firm, round) pecs, trying not to notice his nipples beading up. John moaned quietly as Sherlock soothed a small spasm near his clavicle, and Sherlock worked hard to keep his breathing deep and even, to Ignore his aching cock. Then suddenly, a warm hand was wrapping around it, squeezing him lightly and stroking once before Sherlock grasped his wrist. "I'm fine, John. You don't need to do that." John was relaxed and content for the first time in ages and Sherlock was content with that, didn't want to push him.
At first, the kisses were soft, tentative, just brushes against John's lips as he memorized their firmness, the sensation of John's soft breaths on his face, the spicy musk of his aftershave. From this close, he could finally determine the exact color of john's eyes -- golden-brown near the pupils and blue around the edges. They were brighter than normal just now, from the tears. He told himself to go slowly, reminded himself that John was feeling vulnerable and that there were Rules about that. Then John opened his mouth, inviting Sherlock in, and he couldn’t resist the rush he felt coursing through him.  The kiss turned into something slow and deep; Sherlock seemed to be trying to pour his soul into John, and John was happy to take it. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John's waist and pulled his body closer, rubbing soothing circles between his shoulders as John clutched at him, still slightly trembling.
“Mwomp,” Sherlock grunted. He pulled away, panting. “Stop, God, stop, stop right now.”
Sherlock sighed in annoyance, but acquiesced, closing his eyes and reviewing the data. John had liked watching his fingers disappear inside Sherlock, true, but he mostly loved to watch
She sipped her drink and raised a teasing eyebrow. "What about me do you find pretty?"
"Don't be stupid, John. I'm a recovered drug abuser; I've lived." John smirked and Sherlock felt a rush of relief, followed quickly by a spike of irritation, and resolved to regain in the upper hand. "Let's test a theory, shall we?" He leaned down and swirled his tongue around John's nipple, pinning his arms firmly when he arched up into him. Sherlock smiled as he pressed down on nub with his lips, teasing it erect as John wriggled and panted beneath him. "So sensitive," he teased, mock surprise in his voice.
The crowd was starting to get louder, and Jack leaned in to shout in her ear, resting his hand on her lower back. "I work in IT," he said loudly. Molly was surprised; she had fully expected him to work a blue-collar job. Maybe he was smarter than his first impression had indicated. Or maybe he was lying. "Bit boring, I'm afraid. What about you?"
“Sherlock,” John pressed in for a brief, soft kiss. “There’s no one in this room except you and me.” Sherlock relaxed, and John pressed back in, kissing him long and soft and sweet, nudging their hips together for some gentle friction, but there was no urgency in it. Sherlock’s fingers found his and they tangled together, just like their limbs and tongues, giving and taking the reassurance they both so desperately needed.
John looked at him, and his face softened. Sherlock sat on the old green sofa with his back ram rod straight in his best dressing gown and the colorful box perched on his primly held together knees. He had stuffed the entire confection in his mouth and his lips were covered in the gold dust that he was completely unaware of having brushed there, because he was staring at John with his full attention without the intensity of a crime scene, but as if he were bracing to be told to walk the plank. The sun lit his curls like a halo and John sighed softly.
By the time he was out and dressed, the adjoining door was open and three elderly but fit gentlemen had invaded his space though the sun was not yet up.  John was no longer keeping vigil at the window.  The smell of tea and bangers and old man grooming supplies assaulted his nose.  “Gentlemen.” Sherlock said in greeting before flopping casually in the last unoccupied chair.
Sherlock rubbed the alcohol swab on his friends forearm.  John pulled away.
"That's interesting. And this meeting is important to you?"
“Because you chose her.” Sherlock said and his eyes moved to the side, hiding something. She saw he was hoping John could not see his lie and she hoped he knew what he was doing.
“ No, I wouldn't. Time you woke up, Sherlock. I'm a story-teller, I know when I'm in one.” John said sounding as mad as Sherlock but he’s still breathing and getting more calm by the second.
"No idiot. It was long gone. She tried to keep me satisfied with things to look forward to, but I kept getting lost in the past and I wouldn't have left her, but it was unfortunately a relief. It freed me up. For this, tonight."
"Shit." was all he could manage as he pulled out his phone and dialed 999 whilst on the run to the sitting room to retrieve his bag. He prayed he had enough epinephrine and adrenaline to keep Sherlock breathing until the ambulance arrived.  John did not speak loudly as he spoke to emergency services on speaker as he worked to cut away Sherlock's suit and trousers.  The barbed stingers mostly pulled away with the fabric.
John stared at the food and was thankful that he had not been required to explain the sequence of the day’s events.   He ate mechanically and the food tasted like decadent sorrow. Nobody spoke of the empty places nor asked him to describe what he had seen. Mary kept meeting his eyes, her face filled with guilt and pity. Directly after dinner she handed him a tumbler half filled with whiskey and they watched the fire, casting yearning glances at the lonely violin tucked in the open case by the tree.
Rat’s jaw tightens and he nods solemnly, unable to hide the pure terror welling in his eyes.
Goodbye Sherlock.
“What is he saying?” Mary asked looking up from Sherlock's phone.
"Yes."
“Oh, God no.” John’s face goes white. “Tiger?  You think it’s him?”
“This isn’t your fault,” Sherlock said carefully.
"Not dead? Typical."
“Moriarty was here.” Sherlock told him.
“They were on the wrong path, John.  They were trying to force their way in, because with a computer it is garbage in and garbage out.  What if it were no longer a surety?  What if you found a way to make the machine, like you.  Love even.”
“Oh, yes. Your controller? Your spy commanding officer? Some pencil pushing spook who ordered you disposed of without a moment’s thought? Sounds like your brother, just a bit. You should set them up on a date, they would have lots to talk about, people to murder, wars to instigate.” John complained in frustration.
We know she saved John, I decided to take that literally and I wanted to show that she reads people and improvises and that she did not manipulate John and that the sunny person we saw in the beginning really was there.
"You cheat."
Now John is among the walking dead, too, and it felt like there had been a mistake because post-mortem exams, conducted whilst one was alive, could not hurt much more than he did at this time. John tried to move and grunted in pain. "Jesus, what did you do? Feel like I was hit by a train."
The announcement triggers a barrage of scientific research that very quickly convinces everyone -- Monsieur Blondlot being the notable exception -- that N-rays do not exist. To this day, Blondlot remains a poster boy for double-checking your work
Mycroft raises an eyebrow, "You have some very problematic enemies I suppose you know. You realize you have drawn attention."
“Good. Off you go then.  Get us that oxygen too.”
"But you did love her?"
"I get it. I do. Depression and you know it. Not as easy when it isn't just a definition and list of symptoms. I lost a partner once. It wasn't like this, but there was that hero worship sort of love. Like a combat brother. He taught me everything, put up with my crap and then he was gone. I thought I would die of the crushing hatred for the soulless bastards who killed him."
"And so it was."
"I want to see him."
“He lied for you, just now. Most of that was rubbish. Did you call the ambulance?”
He took a deep breath of the cab-scented air as if he were about to actually speak. In his mind he explained to John and it faded the grey morning light and a non-existent place became his reality for the moment. "I harmed you because I let you love me. I should have never allowed you to think I was human."
She pays the taxi and waits. The gates are closed to the park. She stands in the shadows and looks around. A figure lofting over the fence at her, didn't startle her at all. She was used to Sherlock's dramatic entrances. She moved in his direction and they both paused to study each other for a split second. Molly and Sherlock both seemed to lose motor function and they ended up lurching the last four steps toward the other and embracing. They clung desperately to the other, like two shipwrecked lovers finding themselves the only survivors to wash up on an atoll. Molly hid her face and pressed her forehead to his chest as he buried his nose in her hair.
Summary: John deals with the moments in his life that have brought him to this place and his thoughts and first impressions of his Fall.
The night at the pool, was probably a similar scenario. Sherlock brought Jim the missile plans like a gift.
"Train you? What are you talking about?"
She rode his twists from anger and landed on shared amusement at his last point. “He is a sweet man of many hidden charms.”
His only option was to not move, because any movement might cause them to fire and there was nothing he could do except resolve to go with him if they did. The thought made him sick with regret for Mary and his child but John knew if they fired, he would jump in the way and try to shield Sherlock at all costs. His mind was already preparing for this outcome as every happy moment with Sherlock flash through his brain on fast forward. He was so thankful that he’d made his peace with Mary.
"Okay, you really are thinking this was some kindness? Sherlock, you gave me the same kind of…"
“Why not?”
John laughs and then clears his throat. "I have never had sex with a man. I may be horrible at it."
Sherlock bloody Holmes, the most beautiful man he had ever seen.  He really needed his eyes checked.
"You don't believe in hell, last time I checked. And if you didn't escape, you'd probably take the place over. Run all the demons out with your bloody experiments at the very least." John leaned back and smiled at Sherlock in a shy appraising way. His finger went to his lips and he looked around the room as if noticing it for the first time. "So, this? All of this. Our whole flat, and is it Christmas for some reason? Bit early don't you think?"
??!?"
When John could pick his head up off Sherlock's chest again to watch, he was stroking himself furiously, seeming unable to push himself over the edge.  John winced in sympathy as Sherlock's strokes grew more and more violent.
"Mm, yes, I was thinking the same thing. We have a lot of experimenting to do." They grinned into each other's skin conspiratorially, breaking apart as the cab pulled up in front of Speedy's. John chucked a few notes at the driver, who shook his head and gave John a wink.
, he corrected. The first ones since the Serbians had mutilated him. John was teasing him, fingertips millimeters from his skin, and the waiting, the uncertainty of when or where or if the next touch would come, flooded Sherlock with a familiar jolt of panic that overwhelmed the exhilaration. He spun around, tripping a bit on the trousers that were pooled at his ankles, and sucked in a quick breath.
He frowned. "Molly, for fuck's sake, your lips are blue." After grabbing a second towel, he shoved her into his old bedroom, closing the door behind him and covering her head with the dry towel. She shivered and let him rub her hair until it was no longer dripping, then run it over her legs and arms. He pulled the wet towels off and pushed her, naked, into the bed and under the covers.
John cocked his head, not sure where he'd gone wrong. "Yes? It was nice. Comforting," he elaborated.
Sherlock gets a chance to try his newly acquired skill on John.
, John realized.
"Yessss," Jack hissed, rubbing her furiously, and whatever was expanding inside her burst and she sobbed out heaving, raggedy breaths as her pulse reached a fever pitch and then slowly regulated. He released her mouth and she took a greedy breath as he pulled one of her knees up to wrap around him. She whimpered quietly as he pushed roughly into her, huffing hot breaths in her ear.
John laughed. "Well, you can hardly tell me to drink lots and flirt with a gorgeous bartender, then put on a show like that and expect me to maintain any sort of subtlety." John turned puppy dog eyes on his boyfriend. "I mean, did you see him? It was like chatting up a bisexual, liquor-dispensing Captain America." Sherlock was trying hard not to smile.
John closed the door with a sigh, hanging up his coat and kicking off his shoes. "Thought you were asleep."
John stroked Sherlock's face. "This is far enough, Sherlock. I have plenty of room to move." Sherlock shook his head in protest but John furrowed his brow. "This is amazing. I don't want to hurt you anymore."
A long silence followed, but Sherlock sensed that John was working himself up to the inevitable explanation. After a few shaky breaths, John finally spoke. “You know Harry had to leave home when she came out, right?” Sherlock nodded, not stopping his movement or looking directly at John. “Well, actually, she left before Dad found out. Knew it wasn’t safe to tell him before she left. He was drinking so much then and sometimes …” He swallowed, shot a glance at Sherlock’s stony face.
Sherlock smiled a bit, allowing himself to imagine it, to step outside of himself and see it objectively. "You flirted."
They both wrinkled their noses. "Boyfriend?" John asked. "I mean, obviously we're a couple, but that seems a bit…"
"Sexually?" John nodded. Sherlock tipped his head, considering. "Only when it was part of the arrangement, which was rare." He held John's gaze. "But that wasn't your question."
John laughed incredulously. "I can't decide if I'm more staggered by the overall volume or the number of women. You've had actual, penetrative sex with
"Degrading," John murmured, weakly protesting.
One of his eyebrows descended an inch. "Looked like something," he challenged.
John shoved him and couldn't keep from shouting. "You absolute WANKER. Listen to me. I put up with a hell of a lot for your bloody experiments, but I draw the line at ..." He trailed off, but Sherlock startled as though he had said it aloud. "I can't talk to you in here," John continued. "Go make some tea and I'll be there in a minute.  Sherlock looked for a long second like he might protest, but he flicked his eyes over John once more and seemed to think better of it.
John walked in just as Molly was tossing the tissues in the bin and retorting defensively about Sherlock’s hypocrisy, a familiar anger adding more heat to the words than was warranted. John walked in, kissing Sherlock lightly and smiling at Molly. “Don’t you see, though? This means Sherlock intends to actually cook something. Hopefully in one of the pans that he reserves for food.” He turned a significant glare to Sherlock, and Molly couldn’t help but giggle, her anger temporarily dissolved.
"Oh, thank fuck." Tears of relief actually sprang up in Sherlock's eyes.
John moved slowly, sliding his tongue over Sherlock’s ravaged skin, exploring the crisscrossing scars here with gentle curiosity. The defensive tension that had straightened Sherlock’s spine when he dropped his shirt was melting, replaced by the shivers and goosepimples and a hitch in his breathing, “God, you’re gorgeous,” he crooned, dragging his lower lip across a slash that crossed Sherlock’s lumbar spine. He slid a finger under the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, tugging as he licked straight up his spine. “Off,” he whispered, stretching up on his toes to huff the word into Sherlock’s ear.
This had not actually escaped the notice of the world's only consulting detective, nor, Sherlock knew, that of the detective inspector. Most probably, its hardiness in the face of Lestrade's dull paperwork was the reason they'd been asked to complete so little of it. Sherlock decided he loved this erection even more than the others and that it deserved a hero's farewell.
Sorry for such a short chapter, I just couldn't resist leaving it with that line. --BK
Sherlock moaned as his mind grew hazy with desire. While probing with his tongue, he reached down and stroked himself with his free hand. Noticing Sherlock's moans, John peered behind him and swore. "Fuck if that's not hot, but don't do yourself if I can't at least watch. Wait." Sherlock whimpered but complied, grabbing John's cock firmly instead. John bucked and the younger man lapped and probed against him, creating a twisting rhythm with hand and tongue. "More, more, Jesus fuck..." Sherlock groaned and pulled away for just a second, squirting a bit of lube on his hand before returning it to John's cock. Now it was John's turn to groan, and Sherlock beat harder, with long strokes that always went over the head in a musician’s rhythm with probing licks of his tongue. John came, as Sherlock had predicted, with a loud cry, the bucking of his hips slowing as he rode through his pleasure. Finally he relaxed, and Sherlock released him and knelt on the bed at his head, gazing at him hungrily.
Jim killed innocent people. Mycroft sent men into danger every day, knowing some would not return.
“ I am in love with you and no matter what it means to you or doesn’t mean to you. This is where I will be. She nearly took you away from me and nothing will ever make that okay. I can’t do it. I can’t spend the rest of my life wondering if you understood. I can’t be so afraid of a label that I deny how much I want you. I am not Gay. I am not straight. I am not any of the labels out there. I have had sex with a lot of people. I have loved a lot of people. I was never in love, until you. She was almost there and I would have never questioned my decision if you had not been shot. I would have buried you and any thoughts that we were more.”
“I don’t understand. You let me breach his security?” Sherlock asked as if it were an outrage.
“They are well acquainted and despise each other. They also have a common enemy. Our enemy. Mary’s enemy. Together we have a chance to beat him. Alone he will pick us off one by one and he will eventually demand the unwavering fealty of two of the most powerful people in the world. England will fall if that happens. You fought for Queen and country once, John. This is far more important. Throw Mary to the wolves and we all will be torn asunder.” Sherlock sniffed his nose and blinked. He would not meet John’s penetrating gaze.
The tea is awful. Mrs. Hudson notices Molly trying not to make a face at the unexpected flavor and explains, "I put one of my herbal soothers in it. Thought you might be needing it. I know I do. You'll stay with me, have a bit of a rest and we'll get it all sorted in the morning."
She texts back, fingers shaking.
[9: 12 - But do you not see, I gave up everything, for you? SH]
He growled again and with enough force to move her six inches, he impaled her on his flesh. She cried out in surprise and a little pain, but this unquenched desire she's had forever is swiftly washed in grief and urgency. Molly wrapped her legs around him and encouraged his manic lust. It was not gentle or sweet or a fantasy. Instead it was greedy and nearly silent and edges on violence, yet the thought of him for so many years brought her to the brink and she doesn't fight it. She smiled and then she stopped breathing and closed her eyes, shuddering beneath him, and when she finally breathes it came out with an animalistic energy she can't contain.
"You call this a success? I think not. Failing to factor in the bridge structure may have been a slight bloody oversight too. Started off fine, then someone hit the throttle and I was spinning like fish bait out there and met up with a pylon hard enough to hope I don't get sued for intentional structural failure in a few years. Couldn't get untangled and then took a beam from the Matilda Briggs." John grouched satisfyingly. He and Rat had a long standing joke about their excruciating time spent on a ship of that name."You
John sat for long minutes, staring horrified at Sherlock as he digested the detective’s words. A deep breath made him shudder and he swallowed several times. “Right then. I should probably…” John’s voice dropped and he blushed, he leaned closer and his pupils dilated as he hesitantly spoke, “You know, Sherlock…”
"If it would not hurt so...I would kiss you right now."
Mycroft’s eyebrow rose in mock disapproval. “Oh for God’s sake, all of this trouble to give them a last moment and they are shaking hands. I don’t know why I bother to inconvenience myself.”
The three of them eat and afternoon settles.
John's lips pull into an indulgent smile. His eyes dance and for a brief second, Sherlock see's the outrageous engine of an extraordinary mind churning. "I do genuinely like jumpers and tea…just so you know."
"Oh, Christ," Sherlock moaned, squeezing John's throat. "I can feel my prick through your neck." He pulled most of the way out and plunged in again, closing his eyes against the sight of it so he didn't come immediately. It was tight and hot and felt fucking
John groaned, knowing it was already settled. "Is that what's on the menu?"
John thought.
they were exclusive, not directly. Sherlock had assumed, but perhaps John had needed more than he could give. Sherlock knew he was limited, that what he could offer was never what John deserved, but he'd thought they were happy, that John had been happy. He swallowed against the thick knot in his throat and worked hard to keep his voice level. "You kept flowers in our refrigerator so they would be fresh when you gave them to another man." He said this, he thought, without accusation in his voice, but he feared that his naked hurt was showing on his face, because then John's eyes were widening in horror and he was shaking his head and walking toward him.
He grinned. "Thanks, babe. That was brilliant."
Usually, when Sherlock used his Mind Palace as an escape, he liked to go into the room where he kept his unsolved cases. Occupying his mind, solving puzzles, was both soothing and invigorating. But today, when he went in that room, he found that he couldn’t focus his mind, couldn’t think properly. It reminded him of the times he had smoked marijuana; it made his brain soft and slow, like molasses on bread. He couldn’t solve a crime in this state. All he could think about was John’s betrayal, and how bloody awful he felt. So he went into John’s room and created an empty closet. He hung a picture of the news article there, the one that showed a shattered and graffitied storefront. He downloaded a video of John telling him all about it to a tablet and, unable to watch it again, stuffed it in a drawer along with the goading emails from his father and a picture of Vincent Tucker’s face. All but fleeing the closet, he burst into John’s room and reminded himself that this was all real, too, but also ultimately irrelevant. He couldn’t delete the contents of that closet. Wouldn’t, because Vincent had been right; he would do anything for John Watson. And for what? The cost was too high.
.” They both flinched at the word. “Perhaps you’d like to emblazen it on my door, as well. I'm sure Raz could recommend the correct spray-paint so it doesn't wash off so easily this time around.” Unwelcome tears sprung to Sherlock’s eyes and he resumed his pacing, blinking them back and swallowing the sob that was attempting to escape.
Sherlock unfolded John's arms, insinuating himself closer and pressing kisses to his mouth as he unbuttoned John's shirt. "Anthea's watching right now." John kissed back with a little more enthusiasm at that. Sherlock dropped his voice to a half-whisper. "Usually it's someone lower level watching the cameras, but with us stuck in here, Mycroft will have her monitor us personally. Imagine what she'll think of you, letting me get you off in a lift. The power could get turned back on at any moment and there we'd be. And next time she sees you she'll be thinking about how impressive your cock is and the expression you make when you come in my mouth."
Eyes shuttering, Sherlock spoke mechanically. “Oh, you’re interested in
Sherlock was a graceful dancer, which surprised John a bit; he would've guessed Sherlock had deleted dance to make room for bruising patterns of ligatures on human corpses or some such. But Sherlock was dancing like it was his job, all footwork and peacock-proud twirls. He had just completed a spin and overcorrected a bit -- they'd done a
John coughed his surprise. "You're being startlingly imprecise," he teased lightly, but his body grew tense. "What part of me do you want to have sex with?" he asked. Sherlock's eyes flicked to his mouth and he traced John's lips with his fingers before leaning in for another kiss. John relaxed, but didn't move. "No condoms," he protested.
Thanks a million to my wonderful beta, Iwantthatcoat, for helping me to tighten this up, as well as to the nonny who posted the prompt!
Sally was getting close, which did not fit Sherlock's plan. He rifled through the bag and pulled out a collar. He buckled it around his own neck and attached a short, leather wristlet to it. "Pull out and go fuck her mouth now.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. "I don't see why you're upset. They were
Sherlock sipped his wine more slowly, the the knot of anxiety and anticipation in his chest gradually loosening. "Why did you do that?"
Sally took a sip of her lager, then raised an eyebrow. "So, how's it been, being back at work?"
Sherlock huffed indignantly, but John held his gaze, clearly expecting an answer. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You've made your point."
giving him reasons, you daft cow,” he said, with fond incredulity. He studied her face for a moment. “Have you eaten today?”
“Mouthy little tosser,” John murmured, brushing his lips over Sherlock’s one last time before allowing himself to be led to their bedroom.
“I threatened him and beat him up. Called him words I would never use now, told him that he wasn’t welcome in the neighborhood anymore, and smashed his face in.” He forced himself to look up and see Sherlock’s reaction. The only word he could find to describe his face was
"The mysterious
Little by little, bit by bit, the weight lifted. Sherlock dozed again and when he woke, the cannula was gone and the heart monitor was silenced. He tried to open his eyes and succeeded for a few moments. John saw the movement out of the corner of his eye, and clasped Sherlock's hand. "Sherlock? You awake, mate?"
Molly set her glass down, wanting another but knowing that all of them, save Sherlock, would leave if they got here and found her drunk. "What's the plan, then? Or is it a surprise?"
Molly laughed. "My nose?"
John furrowed his eyebrows and licked his lip. "How are you feeling? Are you alright?"
Then he stuck two patches on his arm and settled in to work.
Sherlock sighed deeply, but he sounded of more regret than resolve, "I have no choice. You can't go…I explained it—"
He'd never been able to shake the tarnish of that enlightening summer. The Rat had been John's movie star for so long he could barely recall a time when he didn't look up to him. Even when things had gone on between them that John didn't regret - but hadn't been prepared for - he'd never really seen Ford Hall as a man. He'd been a real life version of James Bond, Captain Kirk, and Rambo all wrapped up in an eccentric comedian.
John sighed. He took a deep breath and held it, blew it out, shook his head and finally said, "I can't. I know you think… Sherlock, you don't know me. You don't know who I become. You will end up hating the sight of me. And that's if they don't take me out the second I set foot out from under your brother's thumb. I will get away. I'll be fine. It is the only way."
Mycroft grimaced and thought about what happened to those who didn't pay their taxes. Sherlock was notorious for forgetting. He'd had some rather heated dealings with HMRC whilst on the wrong end and though he'd thrown money and experts at it to make certain issues go away for his brother, if he hadn't been Mycroft Holmes, who knows where the difficulty would have ended. Sherlock certainly was not capable of mediation on his own behalf.
Sherlock whispers, " I did trust you. I know what you think, but it was only to protect you at first and then I thought it would be kinder to just let you go on. I didn't want to mess up what I thought you had and God, I was half insane with grief that I had lost you."
"What? Blood and sand you got tall. What the hell are you doing out there?"
“Actually, Tigers bunch are allies the first part of this round.  Surprise.  The men Tiger sends, are dangerous to Sherlock, yes, but they want the great conductor alive.  They can be arrested, but they are not to be harmed for sport, unless they go after Sherlock.  We hope to gain a few of his people for her majesty’s pleasure too, if we can take them alive.  Preferably without Sherlock or his compatriots getting themselves killed in the process.” Sherrinford can see that John is further confused.
John felt something shift inside.  He had been hammering nails to keep this feeling at bay and one moment he was adrift in the doldrums and the next his soul filled with zephyrs and he could breathe deeply and feel the world around him again.
For the first time in his life, he was filled with purpose. If Sherlock had been a baker of cakes or a jewel thief, John would have helped. It turned out he was an oddly unemployed detective of some sort who forgot to eat, who smoked like a chimney, who rarely slept at all, who had a drug addiction from time to time, who was the most annoying being to ever exist. John was insanely happy in his presence, when he wasn't grossed out, confused or offended. John learned quickly to prepare himself before opening the refrigerator. He may be a doctor, but he had never once taken any flesh trophies of his work home for display in the cooler. Eventually, by the time their time and adventures were near an end, John thought he was prepared.
John was here for the pain.  He didn’t want this, but there was a resolute acceptance in his eyes that proved he didn’t ‘not’ want the outcome to be heinous and better yet deadly.
“Cheating on me with nurses? You’re just handing me job security, you lying bastard. Thanks for that, then. You always could cheer me up.” She kissed him on his forehead and he smiled up at her in delight.
Molly winces at the image. She leans into him and he holds her, kissing the top of her head and soothing her and maybe himself a little as well. So far as a police officer remaining detached in this case, Greg has failed on every count. But, he is human and this is John he's having to discuss. John and Molly have been his to watch over since before Sherlock died. He had loved Sherlock and therefore those who Sherlock loved were his by osmosis. Sunday at Mrs. Hudson's had become about all he had now as far as family. This wasn't duty. John was his family.
“Me too. Obviously,” Sherlock said as Mrs. Hudson patted John’s back with encouraging little strokes.
“Don’t be like that, John. Jealousy is such an ugly way to show affection. Flowers and chocolate are a bit cliché but they do make your intentions much clearer.” Janine said with innocently wide eyes and a huge gleeful smirk.
"Six months later. Yeah, you did. No card, just a wallet. Still have it." John pulls it out of his pocket. "Very nice. Thank you. Water repellant and everything"
The Rat raises his arm and the taxi pulls right in next to him without hesitation. He grins and holds the door open to an irritated John. "It's a gift."
“Why don’t we go find out?” John indulged.
“No – not really. I am never sure if that one is a hero or the villain.” John agreed.
Lestrade grinned.  " You are a case.  But, yeah.  Brought you some stuff from the 70's...chances are they are hopeless, but you can't say it can't be solved unless you can't solve it, yeah?"
__________________________________________-
Mycroft sipped the tea and let the peaceful moment wash through his mind. Mycroft hated to expect the worst of Sherlock, but understanding had long ago whipped his hopeful and inexperienced prospects of his brother. He no longer held out hope that Sherlock would ever, ever develop a rational response to stress. His beliefs long ago morphed into a more realistic standard. Sherlock would be Sherlock, and Mycroft would have to mop his brother up from some disgusting situation.
Appledore and other things that were not seen.
John had been Sherlock's Raven. The raven has left the tower. Sherlock will fall to the sea.
It felt nostalgic to John and all his anger melted as their breath drops from gasping to merely winded. Sherlock carefully dried the violin and tucked it into the case standing open on a bench facing a tiny fireplace.
The director stopped. "Still not very impressed, but at least your truthful. What else do you have jotted down there?"
“Sentiment clouds your logic.  Next you will demand that I allow you to take him home with you. You don’t need two empty skulls to talk to.  He requires full-time care.  Visit the John Watson shell if you must, but do not burden yourself with a guilty gesture.  He doesn’t care anymore, Sherlock. This is the kindest thing.”
"No. Don't do that. Serves no purpose." Greg says slowly, scrunching his nose.
John smirked, but let his friend's meaning go with a shake of the head and a good natured snort. He continued, " He basically told me I am useless and would just get in the way. It wouldn't be long before that would have eaten me up. Hours possibly." He sneered and shrugged as if what was at stake here was almost a favor to John.
"Oh please, you should talk of habits...I search this flat every three fucking days, Sherlock.  You know why?  Because you lie and it never stops.  You get in the mood for no reason and what do you think?  Will I stop you?  Will Rosie?  God no.  It is going to happen at some point and how do I explain it to her? Hmmm? When you are dead on the floor of an overdose?  Will she be old enough to remember?  Will I have to explain to my little girl that she was not enough?  That 'Herlock' left us on a lark...because he was bored and decided that putting shit in his veins counted more than she did?  You were her first word...not a repeating single sound.  But your name.  Does that even matter to you?  You pretend last year never happened...but it did...and every three days I have to dig..."John's voice broke, but he took a deep breath and a step forward and pointed at the floor to mark his end of the conversation, "because you don't give a damned about anyone but you. Putting you in her life...it was a mistake.  I don't want her around you. "
John sighed, and shook his head. "You have my life. And my heart. Every hair comes along with the package. You don't have to wait. I think I belonged to you from the moment you said you left your riding crop in the mortuary. We can shower afterwards…"
Sherlock folded his fingers and pretended to suddenly understand what John meant. “Oh.  In other words, you would not have approved of me. If you were still alive, you would tell me that you were disappointed that I had ruthlessly murdered those upstanding pillars of humanity?  You think I would bring that version back to London…perhaps home to you?  Would my new found skills eventually fulfill Sally’s prophetic musings on my nature?  You think that I would find infamy more amusing than I did fame?”
Had John broken his heart with that hateful word?
"Your bitterness is annoying. Please, exhaust your need for affront quickly; I will make every effort to accept it without taking it in a subjective intention. It is quite appropriate for you to exacerbate the tension between us and test that I won't lash out at you for whatever pain I have instigated. " Sherlock turns and flops into his chair, coat pulled tight and face set in his leaden mask of fury.
Life looked so good from his outside. His own success was beginning to seem almost Sherlockian.
John takes a step forward. "You want me to train him. That was his first lesson. Successfully executed, I might add."
Mary seemed distracted by the phone but pipped in, “He didn’t look it.”
“Course you do. Now shut up and eat.” John leaned his elbows on his knees and ran his hands into his hair.
He threw the phone. He didn't take me with him. He. Didn't. Take me. With him, but he kept his eyes on me. Johns eyes snapped open. "Sherlock." Johns head tilted and he got Goosebumps. Watched. He was being watched and Sherlock was being watched that day.
Faking.
The second Molly steps foot out into the street with him, he takes her arm and guides her firmly toward the car and opens the door. "Please," he says, gesturing for her to get in his car.
Sherlock winced and his eyes and mouth opened as he gasped in pain and bent forward. He clutched the box for dear life. John was startled out of his anger instantly and steadied Sherlock by the arm while a barrage of apologies continued all the way to the sofa. The harpoon clattered to the floor, thankfully not firing into the kitchen. “Jesus, I am sorry. I am an idiot. I didn’t mean to…I just forgot. I don’t know what was in my bloody head.”
John laughed and offered to refill Mycroft’s glass with the expensive whiskey he had bought John for some occasion he deemed within his boundary of proper behavior. Mycroft sipped delicately and Mary studied him closely but seemed satisfied.
"I was rushing to my phone.  Got a text.  Snagged my trousers and toppled the hive.  I spent 14 second setting it back up, but they were frightened by then.  It was not their fault in any way.  It was mine, for not paying attention," Sherlock said addressing most of the explanation to John.
Mycroft reclined in his chair and stretched languidly. He would see to it that Sherlock would be a Raven and not Moriarty's heir. He hoped Miss Hooper would have something of value to contribute to his effort.
Sherlock’s mouth was open and he was completely blank. John patiently waited. He got up and fixed himself a stiff whiskey and brought a second glass for Sherlock.
“Please do be careful,” She responded and the door clicked closed.
John had liked the fact that what he truly offered was a pain free unknown death. The subject didn't crumble to the pavement in agony, knowing he was about to die. They literally were going about their business one moment and in the second and a half it took for their body to fall, they had stopped consciousness before they tumbled. John had examined Tiger's work and called it art. It may have left an unpleasant corpse for the family to deal with, but for the target, it was a gift. John knew a lot about unpleasant death. He wouldn't have minded death at the hand of such an artist and Tiger would have given John his very best effort.
“Did he say it to you finally? He was really looking peculiar as he got on the plane,” She asked quietly.
John had wanted to be a movie star when he was young. He was going through that burn-out, rebel-against-your-parents, school-is-useless stage. There was a film crew in a neighboring town all the way from Hollywood. They were filming a romantic comedy set in medieval times. He'd run away and confidently offered his services. They had turned him down, of course, but he had shown up every day and hung around, just in the director's line of sight without being obtrusive. At the end of every day, he'd waited patiently outside, ignoring the dazzling actors and the chance to get one to sign a piece of paper to say he'd met a movie star who would forget him two seconds later.
“I said that in one of your stories.” Sherlock told him.
Sherlock took only a few moments to crack Johns riddle. It was not what he expected.
His mother looked impressed, "Getting on a bit better, I see. It is about time, you know. You will keep your promise to him?"
“It’s different when it’s someone you are…in. Love with. There. Jesus, I said it. Oh God. That was the hardest thing…” John took a deep breath and squinted in preparation for Sherlock’s laughter, anger or fist.
John walked out of the shower, feeling slightly better but still as if the world had ended and he was the only person who realised it. He found Mary sitting with tears ruining her mascara and he smiled at her.  She had been the strong one the past few weeks, but now that it was all over, she would cry.
John automatically brought his hand to Sherlock's head and ran his fingers through his curls. "Sherlock. God. I'm so sorry."
The work should have only taken a few moments, but the man had tinkered under the sink for two hours. He was no plumber. John searched her kitchen and it was a simple matter to discover that Mrs. Hudson had had something besides a plumber in her kitchen that day. There were blood stains under the sink. He had banged his knuckles attempting the simplest of routine chores. Only an amateur would have injured himself trying to remove the entire s-curve trap. He had left behind smudges of his telltale real profession. There had been gun oil on his fingers, causing him to slip repeatedly.
These were the moments he knew. He played them in his mind, and yet, somehow standing here contemplating the finality of the concrete below, he realized what he'd missed all along. It wasn't possible. Sherlock would have never picked this. The possibility of survival was small, but Sherlock would never play a game he could lose so badly. Suicidal at times, yes. Hell putting himself in danger, on the edge was his greatest addiction, but putting himself into a situation of irrevocable damage and long term care, would never have done.
He wondered if it would bother her to know a woman had died within this space and if the carpet had been laid over the last message. Rache. He honestly expected to find John's note sitting in plain sight on the floor, after all he was seeking revenge by punishing Sherlock for having sacrificed himself and his entire life, just to keep him alive.
"Still no appetite?" Molly shrugged noncommittally, ignoring Sherlock's scoffs behind her. John nodded sympathetically. "It's to be expected, but you really can't spare the weight. Work days are going to be exhausting if your body is fighting to fuel itself." Molly rolled her eyes, channeling Sherlock in a snit, but John pressed on. "You look like hell, Molly. Eat. Drink something other than coffee."
"Looks like you're too late," Steve said with amusement. John watched as Sherlock broke the kiss, resting their foreheads together as he reached around to grip the other man's arse.
Sherlock's face quirked in confusion. "No, John. It's for us." He leaned in for a quick, dirty kiss. "And for science, of course."
Sherlock’s face broke into a wide grin. “I love you, too. Always will.” He kissed John one more time, then laid on his chest, listening as John’s strong heart slowed and his breathing deepened. Closing his eyes, he stroked John’s chest hair and drifted off into a perfect, dreamless sleep.
, John. Explain this to me.”  He threw the printed pages – news articles and a few emails – on the bed in front of him.
John craned up to kiss him softly. "I hope not, but it would be fine if that never happened."
Molly nodded, and when Sherlock saw the faint smile on her face he felt a knot in his stomach loosen. He played “Lament for the Wild Geese” then “Lannigan’s Ball”, as he ran the data he’d learned that day over in his head. There had to be a turn of phrase, or a misspelling, or a word choice that made Molly’s attacker stand out. He closed his eyes and lost himself in playing “Mna na h-Eireann”, letting the back of his mind read back over all the text he had reviewed that day.
Molly shook her head. "It wasn't like that. I just waited it out."
is what happens to people who do bad things."
John shrugged again. “And as her doctor, I trust that she knows when she is ready to go back to work. She doesn’t need my permission and she’s really doing quite well.”
Sherlock eyed her shrewdly. "You froze up when he started rutting against you."
Sherlock worked his way back to John's mouth, making direct eye contact and waiting a moment for John to look fully awake. "John," Sherlock purred and oh god, his voice was like liquid sex; John's cock leapt. "What is 6x8?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s breathing finally slowed, and he pulled his face back with one last kiss to each of John’s cheeks. Sensing that it was safe to resume his attention to Sherlock’s cock, and not wanting him to start thinking again, John pooled salvia at the front of his mouth and sank back down over Sherlock. He didn’t want to bring Sherlock too close to the edge again, so he kept everything soft and wet, sliding almost gently over his cock.
Molly settled down on the sofa, pulling her feet under her and resting her head and knees against the back cushion. “Violin sounds lovely.” She closed her eyes and listened as Sherlock plinked at the strings, tuning them briefly. He swept the bow across the strings and Molly smiled fondly as she realized he was playing “Danny Boy”, of all songs. As she listened, she remembered pressing her ear to a broad chest to feel the rumble of a rich tenor, breathing in the scent of tobacco and soap and mint. When he finished, she kept her eyes closed but mumbled, “How did you know?”
He had every reason to leave, and it wasn't even an excuse. He really, honestly ought to go find Clara. But Sherlock was turning on that warm, genuine smile and John found himself unable to remove himself from a happy Sherlock's orbit.
Sally prompted her to continue. Molly looked detached again, like she was retelling a story about someone else. "Then he kissed me some more, on the neck. He squeezed my bum pushed against me, rubbed his erection against me. I don't remember how we got to the living room, but he pulled me to the couch and climbed on top of me. I was wearing a skirt, and he rucked it up, pulled my knickers aside and pushed a finger inside of me, said I was tight and he couldn't wait to fuck me."
"You don't remember." Sherlock scratched his neck nervously. "How do you not remember? You don't delete things."
John half-collapsed on top of Sherlock as they heaved and returned to Earth. Slowly, John's brain started to fire again, and then he was
John coughed on his drink again as Sherlock reached up to grab the dancer's breast. "Oh, shit, he's gonna get bounced."
When John opened the door, his first, fleeting thought was that Molly looked high. He ushered her in and she walked up the stairs to the flat wordlessly. She hugged her sweater around herself, hovering near the door. She jumped a bit as John touched her shoulder to nudge past her, and John smiled an apology, breathing in her scent -- stale alcohol and aftershave. He squeezed past Sherlock, who was peering into the microscope at the kitchen counter, to turn on the kettle, then kissed near his ear. "Molly's here," he murmured quietly. "Need your help deducing her." Sherlock smiled faintly, scratching down one last observation before turning away to give him a swift kiss on the lips.
Sherlock knelt over him, straddling his thighs, and pulled the man up for a sloppy, frantic kiss, grinding their cocks together. "Tell me what you want," he murmured in his ear.
John slumped against the wall. "Oh my
Molly reached down to pat his half-erection. "Part of you likes it just fine."
Be sure to leave me some feedback!
She sized him up for a moment before responding. "Tequila, I think."
John had not thought it possible to kiss sarcastically, but Sherlock managed. Then he broke away, reaching for John's soap and rubbing it into a flannel. "That's my boyfriend you're talking about," he growled.
Handing him the tumbler of bourbon, Sherlock nodded his head over to where he'd been standing before he'd been pulled to the dance floor. "Want to join me?"
Sherlock laughed. "You'll notice that I never claimed to possess a magical anus that defies preparation."
Sherlock was tugging John’s pants out of the way and staring. After a long minute, he murmured, “I haven’t even touched you yet. Is this as big as it gets?” He glanced up, saw John’s face reddening further, and reached down, closing his hand around John and squeezing lightly. John surged against him, sucking a breath through his teeth. Sherlock looked at the cock in his hand, then back up at John. “You don’t top.”
John didn’t answer right away. “Well, he certainly was ready to die at the wedding, wasn’t he? The last time we spoke he seemed a bit better than normal, but he’s been deeply unhappy for years. So, I suppose I didn’t have any indication that he was in any immediate danger, but it probably should not have been as shocking as it was.”
John quirked up a crooked smile. "That's ok, I thought I'd be showing you the ropes. Guess we both got things a bit backwards."
Finally a bit of levity!
Sherlock shook his head rapidly, looking deeply uncomfortable. "No, John, nothing like that. I just ... There's an evening from before I knew you you that I can't remember."
"Refrigerator," Sherlock corrected. "Better feng shui."
Sherlock's mind was overwhelmed, so he blurted it out badly. "Sex."
Sherlock sighed with mock annoyance. “Yes,” he said fondly. “It seems it makes more of a difference than I hypothesized.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She stepped into the too-hot spray and just let it scald her for a moment, relishing the bite on her skin, before she reached for John's bar of plain soap. She rubbed it over a flannel, then scrubbed herself everywhere. Scrubbed the makeup from her face, a stranger's sweat from her skin, and finally the stickiness from her legs, groin, and bum. She stood there, watching her filth swirl down the drain, then rinsed the flannel and repeated the whole process two more times, until parts of her skin were raw. She scrubbed her scalp under the cold water, shivering as she rinsed once, then twice, then a third time. She wanted to wash again but she could hear John tapping on the door. "Molly? You alright?"
"I am," John said with more conviction than he truly felt. They sat in silence for a long moment, then John patted Sherlock's knee, pulled him to standing, and led him to his bed. Perhaps they would talk about it in the morning.
Sherlock squinted at John as though trying to read his mind as he rolled it on. “Do you have a preferred position?”
women? That's more than experimentation. I thought you identified as gay?"
John began undressing himself, unbuttoning his shirt efficiently and tossing it on the floor. Sherlock reached for his vest first, and John obliged, lifting his arms so Sherlock could all but tear it off of him. He watched as Sherlock stared greedily at his chest and chuckled. “You’ve seen it before,” he reasoned.
“You get the most gorgeous flush to your cheeks when you’re turned on, did you know that?” John smirked and then flicked his tongue over Sherlock’s frenulum.
"How ... How did you...?"
“What’s
The music stopped and Molly heard Sherlock set down his Strad, then felt his weight on the sofa behind her. He gently stroked her hair, and she took a deep, shuddering breath, willing herself to stop crying, but a wail ripped itself from her lungs instead. She felt as though she was cracking in half. Sherlock squeezed her shoulder lightly, and pulled up subtly; she could pretend not to notice if she wanted, or accept the invitation. After a moment’s hesitation, she uncurled herself slightly, turned to Sherlock, and lay against his narrow chest.
Molly was already sure, but she understood the process and was determined to get it correct. She had them turn around,  and, quaking like a leaf, she went to stand behind him. "Have them face front again," Molly requested, and when Sally gave the order she was face-to-face with her rapist.
"Nothing but an old bolt-hole of mine. This delivery truck and I are old friends. I keep it here. Have for years. Comes in handy from time to time. Great place to shoot up. Never brought anyone here. It was my secret of last resort. I am giving you a key to this place, just in case you ever need it. I leave London in a few hours. I will never come back. This is goodbye."
They had been in hiding for five months and other than the intermittent move and Rat scarpering off on occasion, there was little to do besides recover.  John had been on six very boring missions and he felt useless.  Rat constantly affirmed that Sherlock was fine, but John had yet to lay eyes on him and it was frustrating.
Come if it is convenient, he'd texted. Sherlock looked up and down the street. John must have been so angry as he stood here alone, having made the acquaintance with an insane person, yet he came anyway. Sherlock smiled and he trotted up the street. The phone booth. Mycroft had rung phones watching him on security cameras. Sherlock looked around as he entered and grinned at the flaming pink envelope tucked between the phone and the wall. He wedged it out and was surprised that it was two small pages.
He was a lonely man who would no longer fit into normal society and it wasn't inconceivable that he might end up some unknown homeless scarecrow reeking of mouthwash and eating from rubbish bins if he didn't find himself that last high-noon gunfight to make quick work of his whispered deeds turned legend among a select few who knew more of him than they actually knew him.
Once the British Government had left the flat, Mary turned to John and asked, “He is a lot nicer than he pretends to be, you know. I think he’s definitely one of the good guys, don’t you?”
As always, Mycroft visited without invitation or warning.
Mrs. Hudson did not mind them.   She had even planted flowers and had two folding chairs in the corner furthest from the hives.
Molly cast a sideways glance at the man she was sharing her lunch with. He'd finished his and was eyeing her half. "There's crisps if you want them. But you like dead bodies… in what way? Not making them, I hope."
Sherlock was as brass as a candlestick. Sherlock was as golden as a halo. Sherlock was as detailed as the devil. John no longer met the eyes of the shadow. John is, for the first time in his life, truly alive. He did know from experience that Sherlock could die. He knew that in the end, it was more than likely that Sherlock would get John killed in one of his save the world adventures. They needed it for different reasons, but they both needed danger. But he never would have guessed that Sherlock would just give up. Giving up was not an option so long as they were together, because they were invincible as a team.
"Get out of my SIGHT.  First you shag my psychotic Sister and I could forgive that a bit....but now....Oh my bleeding God....am I last on the list behind even my own mentally deficient siblings?  Why are you still here...GO AWAY!  I hate you.  I absolutely hate you!"
John exploded. Mary watched the real married couple in the room and felt like an intruder. She wondered how her New Zealand accent would sound if she had to improvise tonight. She still had the baby. For that alone she would let them rant and have the satisfaction of throwing her out.
“Which was it, Morphine or cocaine?” John asked. He wondered which of those two things got Sherlock started again because he couldn’t figure out if it was Magnussen or his hospital stay. He didn’t expect an actual answer but both had been on the list.
Sherlock watched New John and bask in his details. New John's chest rose and fell as if breathing and his hair stuck up in the back like when he'd just showered. New John's eyes were the perfect shade of a summer's twilight sky and his fingernails were short and clean befitting a doctor.
Mrs. Hudson’s voice echoed from the kitchen, “Sherlock, I don’t need surprises like this at my age!”
Sherlock let the disgusting shirt sit on his face for a second, taking a deep breath and appearing to revel in the scents presented. John rolled his eyes and removed it before leaning over for a kiss. Sherlock flipped his glasses up and grinned, then shading his eyes stated, "You had a good day? Did they all quit? Record first day then."
[Do you still have the ashtray?]
If you own the world, what is left to want? Sherlock was something Jim could not have. Then John showed up, older, damaged, boring and yet Sherlock loved him.
Sherlock grins down at John, obviously in on this little surprise. "Who is in charge now? Care to take a guess? The game is on, John. No rules."
Sherlock's voice was soft when he spoke again. He didn't meet John's eyes, yet the gesture somehow made his question carry more weight. He stood with his shoulders sloped, leaning against the drab grey concrete wall on the far side of the room, unable to hide his fear of what the answer might be. "That day. When I came back? Why? You left me…after we…" Sherlock pushed off the wall and turned to observe John's reflection at the mirrored observation frame. It was the closest thing this room had to a window.
Mary challenged him and that was part of her appeal. Now his own battle monster peeked at this woman and he stood in that narrow room and dared her to show him what she really could do. He smiled his adrenaline fueled taunt and he saw her eyes blank and cool preparing to strike. Sherlock picked that moment to announce that they were going to Baker Street to sort this out. There wasn’t anything to sort. Two samurai stood on a bridge with the calm pleasure of battle in their blood and each knew striking first is a lost advantage.
"It, in fact, is. You see, my options are limited. I can turn him over, which is what I am required to do, which results in his termination. I can turn him loose, which results in his termination and probably yours as well. Or, I can assess him, keep him here, keep him secret, and hope for your sanity that he will consider what I have to offer him. There is only one path that may offer him some measure of time. If you leave, I won't stop you. But you will not ever see him again."
Sherlock's brow furrows and he takes a few steps toward John. "You have not died. I am alive and I insist you put that down and remain so as well."
John returned a few minutes later with the note in his hand. Rat has disappeared, but before John has had time to process all the bad things an unattended Rat might cause, he reappears in the sitting room and takes a seat in Sherlock's chair. His cloths are freshly pressed and dry, having hung in Sherlock's closet for the last year.
"What gave him the impression that you were impotent?"
“I don’t ever want to hear him say it. Not ever.” John said softly. He didn’t wait for the question, he explained, “If Sherlock ever says it to me, I will know that I will never see him again. I will know he’s about to die or I am. It will be Vatican cameos and it means he has no more chances to show me. “
John swallows and takes a deep breath. "Yeah. Well, been planning a lead dinner for a year now, and I'm a bit hungry."
Sherlock, called after him, several times, even following him down the stairs. But, John ignored him.
"Well, we have always been so close, dear brother, couldn't stand an hour of your displeasure," Sherlock returned in an equally smarmy fashion.
"I'll walk you through it. Shall I?"
Sherlock put John to bed and kissed him softly on the lips. “I love you, John Watson.  Come back to me.  Have sweet dreams and tell me all about them in the morning. I believe in you.”  Sherlock said this to John every night.  Sometimes the corners of John’s lips would quirk up slightly. Sherlock lived for John’s almost smiles.
"Yes, sir. But, so long as I'm not bothering you, I can still learn from you," John had said quietly.
Molly cocks her head and tucks a stray bit of hair behind her ear. "Well, they are all fools then. Who cares what they think. Unless they happen to be smarter than you, they don't get to have an opinion that counts. I can tell you're smart. What did you read?"
“Came to return your ring,” She said finally with a hiccup and a sniffle.
It took her almost twenty minutes to collect herself enough to make her way back to Mrs. Hudson after she stopped digging mindlessly. She had managed a bit of a search of her own , collecting trinkets that made sense to her at that moment. She'd found his watch on a shelf in the bathroom and slipped it in her pocket, because John would need it and she would give it to him soon. A framed picture of the two of them riding the London Eye and grinning didn't belong packed away by strangers. She took a packet of photographs of them picnicking and riding the little boats in Regent's Park. She took three of his jumpers, his green windowpane check Chesterfield overcoat that he only wore on special occasions. She left as many sentimental tokens as she nicked.
"I don't need money. We could trade?" he asks with too much enthusiasm.
She had told a mortician that a body had to have the head disposed of by nuclear technicians, beings it was exuding radiation. That week, she met John alone for the first time. John threatened to report her if he found any more heads in his apartment. She had smiled at him and leaned in close and ask Dr. Watson if he'd thought that idea out all the way. "If you get me fired, what do you suppose he would do to obtain his playthings? I mean experiments."
Some of John’s anger and frustration fled with a deep sigh, and he spoke carefully, “Okay. It’s fine. You’re right, of course. But only about the bad timing. You and Sherlock are none of my business and I should have kept my mouth closed. You are both right about that and I am sorry. Wasn’t my place. The rest of that, I hope you do honestly know, is a load of rubbish. People are idiots. They do and say stupid things that get blown up and end up hurting people. I love him more than life. I bloody well do. Can’t deny it. But I am not, nor have I ever been, his boyfriend.” John shrugged and spread his arms for emphasis. Hand on the door, he added, “ Sherlock, I have my phone. Text me when…I mean if you need anything. I will be back later. Going to pop out for a bit.”
“Maybe I should grow a full beard this time. That ought to hurry him along. Prefers his doctors clean shaven my back side,” John joked.
"No lies. You lie to me, and I lock that door."
"That's a brilliant deduction. Extraordinary, actually." John said, meeting Sherlock's annoyance with a calm secretive smile.
"No. No, no. You bastard, no." John has found the source of the bleeding but not the entrance wound. He's in terror that his attempt to stop Sherlock may have changed the angle, made the threat lethal after all. "Please. I love you. God that's all I wanted you to say. You idiot, I just…"
Half of John’s face pulled into a smile while the other half quivered.  He was leaning over Sherlock looking right at him.  A stutter of disoriented sounds began to erupt finally settling into a whisper, “Sh…sh. Sh..ahk.”
"Sorry."
The first day the director ignored him. As he left the main gate, John asked for his autograph. The director narrowed his eyes but complied obviously a little flattered, but not fooled by the kid who had shown his arrogance thinking he could walk on and be of any use to important people. The next day John arrived with a notebook and spent the day watching and scribbling. Again he asks for the director's autograph. He'd scrawled his name in John's notebook but in a less friendly way.
"We haven't met. You were working and I saw you. You work in the morgue and your boss is a git, and you let him push you around even though you are far smarter than he is. You're timid and like dead people because you don't have to socialize with them. You had the talent to be a surgeon, but not the confidence. Also, from your shoes I see you have migraines and must wear something that keeps your posture from having undue stress on your neck. They are special order, but you should change them more because you wear your left heel down faster than the rest of the shoe, could try tacking a nail head or two into the next new pair, will make them last longer and you'll suffer less for it if you can't afford a cobbler to attach a cleat. Doesn't cost that much, but you are frugal to a fault. Your skirt was your mother's and you wear it for sentimental reasons rather than fashion, which means you don't argue with her, could be she's amazing, but a daughter rebels against her mother's fashion choices unless…Oh, sorry for your loss. You have tiny burns on your hands, which means you worked in a chippy at some point, maybe to put yourself through University but more likely because you were too young to be doing it. They are old and there is growth on most of them, and you have only been out of Uni for three years tops, so this was a childhood job. Family business. Accent not from London, though you learned Received Pronunciation at some point, which means public school. Scholarship probably and you hated it, because you had never had time to interact with children your own age, probably stunted socially by the death of your mother, and the fact you took care of your father. It was just you and he against the wolves. Money was tight and you have never liked to spend it on yourself. Your father is quiet, so you are too, mix that with the teasing you received during your what, two years at some horrid posh girls boarding school? Must have been brilliant for them to offer you a tuition free education. Your father was so proud, wasn't he, and then he became ill and you cut your dreams short in order to take care of him, thus you stand before me a Pathologist rather than a surgeon. How is he doing?"
God, he would have to get married soon and produce the next generation of the British government. Mycroft sighed and made a note for Winstonia to find him a suitably titled brood mare and see to the introductions. He wondered if he should plan eight or twelve dates before he could get down to the business of proposing.
He waited.
he would be watching. His minions would catalogue and edit our activities and it would be a constant interference in your life. So, unless I have very much miscalculated your somewhat non-vanilla but perfectly normal array of sexual kinks, and they do in fact include exhibitionism to half of MI-6 and the occasional nosy politician, then I suggest you not continue to tempt me when I am obviously emotionally reprehensible when something has my singular attention.”
[9:51 – I don't regret our moment of bliss. It was worth all of hell to have that one perfect, undeletable memory.]
(See the end of the chapter for
"I could teach you. I mean I am much more adept with the violin, but I am adequate at the piano," Sherlock volunteers.
“Oh, Sherlock. My dear boy. I am afraid that this is very much my fault. I brought this to you and then on top of that, I kept things secret…”
"Pray tell, your smiling face failed to cheer him?" Mycroft says in his I-know-everything way.
John’s brow furrowed and he nodded with a small shrug. “Yeah. Of course, Sherlock. Just try not to take too much of a piss. Please. I knew not to presume anything, but it’s going to be a bit raw.” He dipped his head to the side in an apologetic gesture.
For those of you enjoying the story, thank you.
Sherlock, skull exposed and topped for examination, his curls folded forward and his face pulled into the gruesome distortion of the autopsies procedure. Molly, face hard with grief, and streaked with tears as she had sewn up the examinations damage with more care than he himself could have managed. A picture of his flat-mates Y-incision, sewn back together with thousands of tiny delicate stitches and not the ugly black quick-stitches most people received.
There were other tales of that Sherlock from long ago having been caught red-handed visiting various famed Molly Houses. Buggery was against the law and to be found guilty meant prison and ruin. James Spensor was the last man to be hanged for the crime in 1860, but conviction or rumor effectively ended the life of anyone suspected none- the-less. There were many famous cases in which the highest were brought to ill fate at the mere accusation of such propensity. Sherlock had died in 1893 and it is rumored that his name was still being dragged through the muddy waters at the trial of Oscar Wilde two years later.
"I became your mission."
Mycroft looks ill as he says kindly. “ I almost hope he is, if it'll save you from this.”
He soon arrived at the back door of the stone house he'd played at as a child. The Wheatley's had long ago been quirky, but Mummy adored them. His shoes and the lower half of his trousers were soggy and the rest of him had attracted a battalion of gnats that were about to drive him insane.
That purposeful harried search faded as she began to calm down from her manic state. She locked the door and walked down the stairs. The window at the bend of the stairs let a bit of vaguely colored light stream to the floor of the landing. She happened to look down and spotted something shiny in the corner. She bent down, shifting the burdensome blue bag onto her shoulder and picked up the little cufflink.
"By all means."
"Thank you." John rose to set on his way.
"I'm sorry, John," Sherlock said and clamped down.
[You have not moved on?]
"Just find him and pick him up. Text me when your people have him. I need to get going. I heard a car outside."
“ I'm not playing this time, Sherlock. Not anymore! When you are ready to go to work, give me a call. I need some air.”
John looks at him in anger but it melts to resolved guilt. "I can't say you would be wrong. I have never. I deal with it all the time of course with patients, and there were jokes made of course, but we were never. Not even a kiss, Greg. Yet, to deny that something had affected me seems pointless now. I am not opposed to homosexuality, it just never crossed my mind. I always was certain I was a skirt chasing believer in true love. I am certain I found the true love part in a most unexpected place. "
4th Perdition.
"The truth can be quite fluid, even if the facts are all in order," Sherlock replied quietly. "You really thought I had it on...with your wife?"
"Well, not all of it. He's an animal surgeon not a plague doctor. He didn't wear one of those pointy-nosed masks or anything. Cutting edge facility, I assure you. Even washed his hands. Call it more of a spleen repair. I'm just glad you are still thinking at all. Your skull will heal, have to be careful for a while. He was most concerned the brain swelling would affect your short term memory, but you're a tough little thing, Always have been. "
Without another word, John picked up his weapon, flicked the safety and doing a quick-turn whilst tucking the gun under his jumper at the small of his back, he walked out.
Mycroft looked between them a smug smile curled his thin lips. “I will convey your regards to my brother. I am certain he will find something to invent inappropriate and derisive comments with which to embarrass me for my trouble, but I shall pass on the sentiment for the pleasure of his annoyance at the effort it will require him to pretend he does not care.”
He had to either close his eyes and hang on to the wheel, turn into the red sky and beat to weather on a ship that was not seaworthy or he had to admit he was a rat on a ship filing Samarra as its destination and abandon it without any care to its fate.
Two souls in danger of the fall.
Molly heard the sigh and there was some fumbling. Suddenly there was a tiny square of brilliance and Sherlock looked blue. "Better?" His phone screen provided the only luminance.
Seeing Sherlock working so hard to find John's magic 'yes' button was both comical and so very sad. John had so rarely set his foot down and denied Sherlock anything, that the poor man truly hadn't realised that John had it in him to do so.
"Stop this. When have you
Sherlock seemed to both want to catch the man who he sought and yet almost speak of him with awe. "Genius needs an audience," he said.
"Sherlock. That was an awful thing…"
“Are you saying three old dogs have impressed the pup?” Herbert Rainer asked puffing out his chest slightly.
The Rat raises his eyebrow in mild surprise as if to ask John if he's trying to downplay his story.
New eyes examined the seemingly obvious answers. There had been a certain allure to that taciturn flat-mate of his. Holmes had been most attractive ascetically in his tailored cloths and stylishly off beat grace. He had that understated panache of truly great wealth. Poor John, silently mourning a lover and they had taken so long to catch on.
He murmured kind things to John, soothing his deeply held sorrow as best he could. "Sherlock was special. He was beyond anyone's ability to truly see. He would never have done this out of cruelty. He just didn't know how to fix things like normal people would. I am sure he did love you, but if you had any part in his decision, you have to believe it was because he must have convinced himself that he would only do you harm by giving in to his own feelings. He didn't do well with emotional attachments and yet holding them in check didn't stop them from existing."
Mary curls up and her eyes drift shut. John needs to move or he will be joining her.
All John could do was fall into Doctor mode. Mary was already rattling off all she could about his stats with no proper equipment and nothing to counter the mess raging through Sherlock at the moment.
Ford should have known better, but even the great Rat could act like a common rat when the temptation was sung sweetly.  He would never forgive himself, but there was no reason to fully explain what occurred during the doctor’s memory lapse.  He had saved the man from a much worse probable outcome, but he could not quite manage to justify that night to himself and he would never speak of it to John.
“He offered to help me and said I would not shoot him. But he just kept coming. He should have just stood still. I was out of practice, horrified that he had followed me, and emotionally compromised. I have never been caught. I didn’t have time to think it through. All I could think of was how terrified I was that this, right here, between us, that this would happen. I panicked. It was too many years of training stacking up against some very new emotional conflicts. I am truly sorry. Will you ostracize the child because of me?” She spoke with a direct dignified calm.
