The group if people in the kitchen was small, it appeared to be just the bridal party, which he had met last night, he remembered Natasha telling him that she was not very close to her family, she had no siblings and all her cousins were much older than her growing up. She had said that James didn't have a close relationship with his family and his mother had passed a year or so back.
The drink went down Steve's throat, burning every inch of his insides as it did, but he didn't flinch, instead he grabbed the other glass and downed it as well. He couldn't be drunk, he had tried, but perhaps that was part of his punishment, it was what he deserved. The pain of the process but none of the payoff.
"I also think-" Natasha glared at the archer for not letting her finish. "That Tony has the hots for Steve."
The stress from Steve's face had lessened as Tony shared a look with him, and then Natasha was turning the page again. This time it was of Tony, shirtless with his middle fingers up, facing the camera with his tongue hanging out, because he truly was an asshole for quite a few years of his life. He was teetering over the edge of a dock, blue water behind him. His swim shorts were the brightest red and his hair was windswept, and Tony immediately remembered it as the first day Steve ever told him he loved him.
"Tired?"  Steve's voice caused Tony's head to snap up, damn him and his super soldier skills, you'd figure a guy as big as Steve would at least make some noise when entering a room, let alone someone's personal space. He offered Tony an apologetic smile from across the bar counter, knowing exactly what he did. "Hand me one will ya?"
Once he felt the solid desk behind him, knowing he had support for his very weak knees, Tony was able to drop his hands, curling the fingers of one into the waist of Steve's jeans, while the other palmed the denim fabric. He knew he was rushing, but he had missed this, his body was aching for this. "Tony-" Steve breathed out against his lips, which was sign enough that he wasn't the only one feeling so desperate.
"Oh thank God." Natasha sighed as soon as she laid eyes on him. "Where have you been, I have been looking for you everywhere."
"I ran away to California when my mom died." Steve apparently had caught more of the previous conversation then Tony had hoped, but it would at least save him from having to relive all of the fine details himself, since Natasha was not one to back down. "I was searching for an escape, and that's when I met him, we were both incredibly young, I was a complete mess, and he was chaotic and beautiful."
Natasha rolls her eyes, and pushes away from the door frame. "It's like watching two hungry kittens go at it."  She's only teasing, but if they didn't know her it would be hard to tell.
"I don't think your girlfriend would appreciate that." Steve almost snaps, before grabbing the bottom of his shirt and wiping the sweat from his face. "What do you want from me, Tony?"
It all seemed kind of gross to Steve. Okay, maybe only a small amount gross, and maybe mostly just intimidating. So every time Natasha threw out another name, he came up with another excuse as to why it wouldn't work. He may be Captain America on the outside, but he was still very much Steven Rogers on the inside, and he just didn't know if he was ready for that.
"And we hit it off like fire and gasoline." Tony quickly added with a roll of his eyes, because he was not going to let Steve recount a love story.
"Are you fucking kidding me-" it sounded as if Pepper had shot out of her bed, and Tony wished he had been there to see it. "I hope you punched him right in his stupid teeth."
To a certain extent they were right on a few things. However, as Pepper and Maria had so eloquently put it, getting Social Media was to give the public a glimpse into the real Steve Rogers. And they were about to get that.
Steve had hidden his crush for so long, never thinking that Tony could even possibly be interested in him. Not beautiful charismatic Tony, but the more Steve thought about it the more he realized that those private thoughts that Tony shared had to have come from somewhere, and maybe just maybe he meant them.
"I think I can handle Pepper." Steve says with all the confidence in the world, but does let his grip on Tony's hand loosen.
"You don't need it, you're the most charming person I've ever met." Pepper, always the flatterer. "But good luck."
"I can only imagine." Tony couldn't help but smirk at the idea, as he moved to stand beside Steve. "You'll have to let me know when it's done, You're going to look really hot riding this bike."
"You guys, focus" Bruce frowned looking down at his cards before up at the two spies. "I call. Lets see them."
"Sorry Sam." Steve replied with a wince. "We all really thought you had noticed by now, she's been trying for months."
"The barn is basically ready to go for tomorrow." Steve says, transferring more bacon before jumping to the eggs that Bucky had nearly forgotten about while worrying about toast. "I have the arbor being delivered for three, so it will be ready to go for the rehearsal."
"No." Tony took the glass but set it on the coffee table in front of him. "No I probably would have toasted innovation or something mindless instead."
"Earlier this morning in the kitchen, Tony nearly choked on his coffee mid sentence." She waited for the guys to notice the obvious issue here, and when they didn't she continued "Tony never chokes on coffee, he could literally inhale it and survive. They were talking about Steve getting him home last night - and Steve blushed."
"No." Tony shot the small blonde a glare before he tucked his phone back in his pocket. "Get rid of these flowers, burn them, bury them, do whatever you need to do, but do not let Natasha know they even existed.  Tell her you fixed it and all the flower arrangements will be delivered, properly, tomorrow as red roses."
Tony's eyebrows knotted together as he watched Steve carefully. "Know what?" he wanted to play dumb, but he knew it was bad advice the second Rhodey gave it to him, yes, definitely all his
Clint's face fell into relief, while Sharon's hand flung over her mouth, her eyes widening in shock and horror, and it took Tony a solid five seconds thanks to his tired brain to place where exactly her head had gone. At first, offended, Tony wanted to tell her to grow up and give him a little more credit, but as Clint seemed to catch her reaction as well, he figured, he had nothing to lose at this point.
He found himself wondering just how angry Pepper would be if he flew off somewhere, anywhere that was far. He concluded that she would be less mad if he brought her back something nice from Greece, or Japan or wherever else was the furthest point from where he was right now. Maybe.
"You need to stop doing that." Tony blurts, eyes instantly falling down to the bare skin being flashed in his direction. "Are Vermont summers always this hot? Have I told you how good you look tonight?" he babbles, he knows it, but he can't help it. Processing a lot while drunk is not a skill he is any good at.
"Yeah." Tony exclaimed, pointing a finger from the other hand at Steve's face. "That's the look I was talking about."
"Sure I guess." Clint is still looking at him with mild confusion, and what almost looks like disappointment. "but maybe next time don't lead on with words like risky and get my hopes up."
Tony knows the drill, and raises an eyebrow as he pushes his own boxer briefs to pool around his ankles. Steve's eyes drag over his entire body, painstakingly slow, but he loves every second. He's not a shy naked nineteen year old anymore, he knows he looks much better now, and the way Steve's cock twitches is enough to let Tony know he's not the only one that thinks so.
"It wasn't a stripper." Clint hollered above the conversation around them as he entered the kitchen, throwing a thumb over his shoulder, as Tony entered the kitchen behind him. "It was just Tony."
"You know, when I complained it was running a little funny, I didn't expect-" Steve sighed, pushing his fingers into his forehead, he really should have known better. He really should have expected it at this point. No, he really should have just assumed it would happen. "I have a mechanic." he finished instead. "In Brooklyn, to take care of these sort of things for me."
When he got inside his room, and made sure the door was closed and locked behind him, it took everything inside Tony not to start crying. Steve did not deserve his tears, not again. But the little lobby trip down memory lane was nearly enough to bring him back to that low feeling he had the day Steve left him.
In the end though, Steve was right. He did what he did, and what happened happened, and Tony wasn't sure if they were allowed to have a reset button on any of this anymore.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom started up on the big screen and Tony folded himself into the space between Steve and the arm of the couch.
"Go to bed Pepper, you have a company to run." Tony sighed into the phone. "Thanks for trying to help.'
"Sounds like Pepper has been really good for you." Steve says, his tone changes, and it's only then that Tony realizes he had said part of that out loud.
It only escalated from there. By the time dinner rolled around it was on every news outlet. Jarvis had it on the big screen on the common floor, and Natasha had even made popcorn for the event.
Steve's favorite part of the shop by far though would have to be the robots. He had spent many nights as a sick weak kid, thinking about the day robots would rule the world. Dum-E was his favorite of all, and he was tucked away in the corner with a broom in his clamp, blissfully sweeping away at what appeared to be nothing but the concrete floor. Steve wanted to know more about them, but only ever found himself in the workshop to intrude on whatever it was Tony was doing. Like now, at two thirty in the morning.
to compliment her soft beauty.  It wasn't a surprise to him that he had fallen for her completely the day she arrived in his office. A young lady hired to help him find his footing, grab his dry cleaning and remind him to eat. At twenty years old that was like winning the lottery. He had been tossed to the lions after his fathers death, and if it hadn't been for Pepper Potts, Stark Industries would have died along with Howard.
"No?" Steve stole a quick glance before looking back at the road. "Don't tell me there weren't at least 50 different women trying to take you home tonight."
"You're exhausting." Is all Steve replies, but pulls his phone from his pocket anyways and lines up the shot. He closes his eyes and plants his lips smack dab on the side of Clint's face.  When he takes a look at the photo, Clint has managed to pull the most ridiculous, but perfect face.
Tony Froze, frowning down at himself before up at Steve, and those words. And Steve was beginning to panic until Tony's frown turned into a full on pout, and he replied. "You only love me when I'm dirty."
"Did everyone know?" She asks, eyes wide, clearly pinning the blame on the blonde for word getting out that she had been trying to get with Sam for over a month.
"I should probably get back to the hotel."  Tony glanced once more around the garage. "It sounds like you should be getting back as well." Tony motioned to the phone in Steve's hand that was once again ringing.
Clint grumbled as he pushed himself away from the table and disappeared back into the house with Bucky.
Tony's eyebrows raise, and he immediately checks Sharon off his to be trusted list. "She's not your wife yet." is how he replies though, because he did no wrong, and as a true trouble maker, wants to see where this goes.
The music is still going, but it's no longer a slow song and Steve's voice whispers in his ear that it's maybe time they got out of there. It's only then that Tony allows himself to part from the warm comfort of Steve's body. "Please." he finds himself reply, but it's not desperate or needy, it's just honest.
"Sorry." Steve's voice filled the room as he stepped through a set of french doors. "I couldn't get the lights to work, but we're all good now if we want to move outside?"
"Oh no." Pepper sighed, and her eyes narrowed. "You have this very familiar look like I might regret something soon."
"What?" Tony tried to paint his best version of offended on to his face. "Can't a guy want to come home and help his CEO run his company because he cares?"
"Oh I was just telling Tony how drunk he was last night." Natasha smirked around her piece of toast, obviously catching Tony trying desperately not to stare at Steve.
Steve cleared his throat, as if to announce his arrival into the kitchen, and his best attempt at drawing in Tony's attention.
Tony had never been good with feelings, especially vocalizing feelings, usually he just tried to make his actions speak louder, though not always clearer. So he would blame the ridiculous amount of painkillers that were being poured into his body, which caused him to experience an overwhelming sensation of emotion warp over him.
Steve held Tony's eyes with his own, face falling deadly serious. "I know that I have done a lot that I will never fully be able to earn your forgiveness for, but I'm going to try. I am going spend every waking moment proving to you how much I love you. Tony, when you came back into my life it was like that little bit of me that was missing had suddenly returned. I will never forget the way I felt like I could take on whatever life threw at me, as long as I had you by my side, that I could finally .. I could finally be happy again."
Tony reluctantly took the few steps across to the counter where Steve had laid the plate. "And how did that work out for you?" He asked, taking a forkful of the pasta noodles, though the raise of his eyebrow made Steve feel like he already knew the answer.
Like a wave of relief washed over him, Steve let out a breath he didn't realize he was even holding. "I'm having phone troubles." He admitted, rather sheepishly.
"Like Tony." Steve does cut in, because that's all Tony's ever done. He's lived as his true self in the public eye for as long as he had been alive. There wasn't a lot the public didn't know about him, not a lot Tony wouldn't tell the world just because he could.
He's not sure when exactly he snapped, all he can remember is one moment he's getting ready, buttoning up his shirt and laughing with Bruce, and the next he's hyperventilating into paper bag, alone with a dresser pushed up against the door refusing to come out. Natasha didn't hesitate in scaling the large building and forcing her way in through his bedroom window. Tony had a moment where he wished they had stayed in the tower for the wedding instead of having it at the Mansion, because then no one could climb their way into his window, but then he thought of the wedding and he went into panicking again, far to concerned with his sudden inability to breathe then with Natasha's presence.
Natasha hums, rolling on to her stomach. "Tony it is painfully obvious to anyone stuck in the same room as you two, that there's still something there. It's like watching two magnets fight to stay apart." Her green eyes are looking intently into hims now. "You still love him don't you?"
Steve's hand stopped moving as if surprised Tony had been paying attention to what he had been saying at all, which he should have known better than to think. "Banging?" Steve finally said, his lips curling into a smirk. "I would have used a different word, but yes."
"-Or what you might have said?" Steve cocked an eyebrow finishing the sentence for him. Though he was sure those weren't exactly the words that Tony was going to use.
Tony decided not to comment on the way Steve's eyes had darkened and his fingers twitched at his sides, and instead remind himself that he still had
Steve grunted, throwing his shield towards two more drones above him, raining bullets down on him, knocking them both out. "8th street is clear, Widow what's the situation." He scooped his shield up off the ground where it had landed, before taking off towards the white windowless van.
"What makes you think I'm going to get one?" Steve wants to be offended, but they both know the power of Pepper, and Hill - alone they were forces, combined it was foolish to resist.
Tony looked down at the black box, before he was pushing himself back to sitting on the far side of the couch. Steve wasn't kidding, alarm bells started ringing in his head, and his mouth went dry "What was the speech?"
"Then we kick him to the curb and run away together." Tony says with a straight face. "We can buy a castle in Scotland and drink champagne with every meal and become recluses that people only gossip about."
"You sure Stark?" Clint called after him. "I don't think Tasha would mind, or Steve, you don't have to be a part of the rehearsal to come back."
"The research shows us that you're one of the most respected Avengers, Steve." Pepper breaks to him softly. "It's just, you're also the one they're most put off by, they think you're out of touch."
"I'll trust your judgment on that." Steve replied, matching the smirk. "Maybe I can take you for a ride sometime, I bet you look really good riding."
But he didn't want to stop, he had replayed this scenario over in his head for months after Steve left. He had practiced what he would say and it always changed, but he had always promised himself that he would never stop and turn around. He wouldn't give Steve that satisfaction. But his name came out again in that familiar voice and this time it was louder, and closer, and Tony's legs failed to remember the deal, and stopped.
Tony immediately feels his stomach drop as he remembered that day. It was their second date, if you could call what they did dating. They really just gravitated together, and stuck. But Tony remembers being on the Santa Monica pier and riding the roller coaster five times in a row before demanding Steve get in the photo booth. Which he argued was a stupid idea, but still crawled right in after Tony.
Tony looked at the faces as Clint said something else snarky that caused Natasha to flip him off, and he couldn't help but notice the familiar wave of emotions that most people went through when meeting him. Always started with a genuine smile, and then once they realized who they were looking at it was either shock or surprise, sometimes disgust, which was usually followed by a blank stare, or another smile.  Tony's default reaction was to smile and nod.
"We have chimpanzees in power." Tony replied plainly, scrubbing a hand over his forehead, leaving a trail of dirt as he did. "The majority of the population will tell you that they don't see the color of people's skin, or other religions don't bother them, and that being Gay is A-O-K, and for the most part they mean it." He finally pulled his eyes up to look at his confused and angry friend. "But stumble into the wrong state at the wrong time and you will find that a lot of people are still terribly old fashioned."
Sharon, Sam and Clint followed suit, while Steve moved further into the kitchen instead, Tony chanced a glance in his direction as he followed the rest of them, and Steve smiled soft and sweetly back at him. Tony had to turn his attention immediately forward before he slammed into a door frame.
Funny how Steve was just thinking the same thing about Tony's eyes. Thankfully the light flashed green in front of them, and he was able to turn his attention back onto the drive back.
Tony would need to do some serious damage control if he was going to get ahead of this. He quickly finished washing up, before hopping out of the shower, pulling his towel from the rack and wrapping it around his waist. He grabbed his phone off the counter, punching in a contact before placing it to his ear.
- what he wanted to be his. Tony examined Steve's throat, soft and warm, and where Tony's mouth could make dirty words fall from Steve's lips. Those lips, large and strong, commanding and delicious.
Steve sat back up, holding the black box in one hand, before he dropped himself down onto one knee beside the couch, and in front of Tony. "I was going to start by telling you how happy I am, and how no one else in my life has ever made me feel as much as you have, but even with the bad, even with the worst days we've ever had, I couldn't ever imagine growing old with anyone else."
Tony rolled his eyes, the night not being remembered as fondly from him, and grabbed himself a Ginger-ale."Tony owns Tony's Lexus."
"The elevator." Tony bent back down over the engine of the bike, like he had been doing before Steve stormed into the workshop.
Tony groans as he uncurls himself from around Steve's body. "Good morning." he sweetly whispers against Steve's shoulder, before his warmth is gone entirely.
Pulling a bottle of some amber liquid off one of the shelves, sure to taste more like poison than the sweet honey it looked like, he shrugged. "What do normal people toast to?"
"I need a picture of this." Tony replied. "For Pepper's sake." he justified, ignoring how Natasha rolled her eyes at him.
"What?" Natasha's eyebrows knotted as she looked from Tony to Steve and back again "Tony what's going on?"
After his shower, Tony pulled on some pajama pants, realized it was nearly eight and ordered some room service. He debated calling Pepper, but she had already spent her day finding flowers to ship to Vermont, he felt it would be selfish of himself to pile on his inner struggles on to her. Particularly when they involved possibly still being in love with an Ex. Pepper deserved better than that.
The farm house is quiet and dark when they get inside, the catering staff having already finished for the night and disappeared as quickly as they had arrived. "Did you want a coffee, or.." Steve is hesitating, as they toe off their shoes, and Tony can tell it's his way of trying not to be presumptuous.
It was a busy day all around, which is why when he knocked on the front door and no one answered, he didn't take offence, instead he just tried the knob. Of course unlocked because small town farm people never locked their doors, it was now a proven fact. The inside of the house was just as busy, people were clattering around the kitchen, caterers, Tony felt safe to assume, popping in and out the patio doors, Tony able to catch quick glimpses of them as they worked.
"You're doing great sweetie." Tony replies with the quick change of topic, before stabbing a tomato with his fork. "Where's Mr Romanov?"
Tony rolled his eyes within his helmet. "I'm on my way." The Iron Man armor twisted back around, looking down at the city below him, as he weaved himself around buildings. "Who's bright Idea was it to put guns on drones?"
"Oh," is all Bucky says before he's throwing his arm around Sam's shoulders with a laugh. "I'd apologize but I have bigger issues right now." And like that, Bucky is looking back at Tony. "I hear you spent the night with my wife."
Tony scrubbed his palm with a rag and squinted up at Steve like he had just sprouted a second head, which was completely uncalled for, but Steve would let it slide, This time. And next time, and every single time because it was Tony.
"Hey Steve." Tony called out, just catching Steve before he made it to the elevator bay. "You know if you ever want help, technical or other I am always here, I've been told I can be an Okay-ish teacher."
"I've deleted the account she made for you." Tony once again, didn't bother looking back up from his report. "And even when you are ready to date, I really don't think she should be chucking you into the shark pool of Tinder anyways, those woman will eat you alive."
"Please, Nat. Do you seriously not believe I will survive two weeks without you?" Tony asks, but he already knows the answer. She doesn't. So he quickly follows up with. "It's your honeymoon I'm not going to bother you while you're out island hopping and getting laid. I'm sure Pepper can handle me."
A small smile met Tony's lips as he stared down at Steve's laptop screen. "Probably." he replied, before beginning to type. "I mean, breaking into Shield's online database isn't exactly difficult, I'm sure I can re-set your password to something a little more memorable, if you'd like."
"I didn't think you'd want to hear from me." Steve admitted lamely. "I was young and stupid, and I ran away because I was scared. I don't expect you to forgive me Tony but I need you to know how sorry I am."
"That's not -  What, Really?" Steve couldn't help his cringe, that just was not okay. Natasha was like a sister to him, he would protect her to the death, he did not need to be hearing this stuff.  He had no choice but to finally pocket his phone, having  read enough of the vulgar comments for one day. "We weren't even doing anything in the photo, so they just left those comments because you're a girl."
Tony wiped off his face, before throwing the towel over his shoulder. "Are you being serious right now?"
"What did I say?" Steve stepped into the kitchen, pulling an earbud from his ear, smiling at Natasha from the doorway, clearly having just come in from his morning run. How he managed to look that good and that put together after a run always amazed Tony. Like a windswept model. It was unfair,
"Nope" Tony popped his p before taking another swig of his coffee. "But thanks for getting me home. I'm glad I knew to call you." He gave Steve's shoulder a pat as he walked by. "I owe you one-" As the words left his mouth the memory of him saying the same thing last night came rushing over him, and fuck, he quickly pulled his hand back, wrapping both hands tightly around his mug.
Tony wants to make up a million excuses, but he also wants to tell the truth, so naturally he chooses to do neither. Standing still like a deer caught in the headlights. Steve is coming at him in swift steps, he's still wearing his uniform and it makes Tony's stomach twist, now was not the time for his uniform kink to rear its ugly head. so he swallows back his guts and he waits for whatever is coming his way.
The first time Steve and Tony have sex it's a mess. It's hot, but messy and Tony cries. Not because he's sad or in pain, at least not entirely, but because he's angry, relieved, happy and sad all at once. Years of pent up sexual frustration, years or arguing and butting heads, years of will they wont they that lead them to this moment, causing every emotion Tony Stark could feel, to come bubbling up to his surface. Which lead them to the penthouse floor, in a mess of clothing and sweat and carpet burns that would remind them - remind Tony - for at least a week of what they've done. It's a mess of teeth against skin and nails dug into flesh and Tony buries his head into Steve's shoulder, and tries his best to hide his face.
"Did you really buy her a thigh master?" Tony found himself asking, that third beer giving him a kick of liquid courage.
Steve's eyes widen a fraction, before he's turning away from Tony and grabbing his beer again. "You're not dating Pepper." he says, though Tony can barely hear him he knows it's not a question.
"Most people do." Tony grinned. "I will be a little late to the party though, the present I ordered you is delayed and I have them bringing it to the hotel."
"That's not true." Steve argued lamely, but his fingers twitched at his side, as if he was forcing himself not to move them, and that's all Tony could look at. The big hands that had made him feel so many things, and up Steve's muscular arms that had held him down and lifted him up, and those shoulders, where his mouth had marked what was
"What?" Tony cut her off. "This is the first bachelorette, slash bachelor party I have ever been invited to, I'm not skipping out just because an Ex boyfriend is lurking around." Tony found himself rolling his eyes. "If I avoided everywhere I had an ex, I would never leave the penthouse."
"Ugh, tone it down about 70% there buddy." He mumbled, rolling himself onto his back, and wiping away the spit that had gathered on his chin through the night. He was truly disgusting. "Time?"
"Then why don't you just tell him that?" Natasha sighs, and he can feel her shifting on the mattress, but doesn't want to spare a look.
"You know, I hear a lot of people get married in New York." Tony says into Steve's chest. "Maybe when you come out we can find you something in the city, you can stay with me, you know until you find your own place or for like - the long term." Tony knows he's rambling, but it's what he does when nervous.  "Just maybe think about it."
"We need to talk." Steve's voice came out calm and steady. "Please, I just wanted to see you, I didn't believe it when Buck said you were coming I-"
Bucky took his hand and gave a polite nod, before looking over Tony's shoulder. "Looks like Clint owes you ten bucks."
Bucky however is less careful about his words, he trudges over to where Steve is seated and shrugs. "We came to see if you two had gotten it on or not."
"I think you're both right, sort of." Sam said after a moment, teetering his hand out in front of him. "like a half and half split between your spy minds."
Tony tells Rhodey, he tells him everything, right up to his dramatic running away. When Rhodey asks if Steve has checked on him, Jarvis confirms that no he has not. "Sorry" Is all his friend can say to him and it's valid, because leave it to Tony to fall for someone emotionally unavailable, like Karma was laughing right in his face.
"Lead the way." Tony said. Though when he said it, he hadn't expected to need to put on his shoes, and go traversing through the wild. Okay, that wasn't exactly fair, it wasn't really the wild, as it was though the property. They passed the barn, which looked even more lovely in the light of day without the fog of vodka in Tony's head. Although now that he saw it clearly, he couldn't help bust ask. "So what made you want to open up a place and watch a bunch of people get married in Vermont?"
"Goodnight Steve." Tony couldn't wait for a reply, if he did he might lose all of his nerve, so instead he shut the door, finalizing their conversation with the lock of the deadbolt, and the promise of tomorrow.
Tony knew he was charming, he didn't want to sound too full of himself, but he could charm the robe off a monk if he tried.  It's what he grew up doing, flash a smile throw a compliment and get them eating out of your hand by the end of the night. But he didn't want to do that tonight, if he was going to be friends with Natasha he wanted to be friends with her friends, the right way. Without putting on a facade every time he saw them. Or a least he was going to try.
"I had my worries, hey, you removed him from the banned from building list, right?" Tony asked eyeing the strawberry blond, clocking the smirk she got as her long polished finger pressed the elevator call button. "Pepper that's not funny, we still have to talk about that."
"Tony please." Steve pleads out to the ceiling, letting his head fall back against the couch in the workshop. "Before I get even older and die."
Tony stepped in after her, pressing in the number for their floor. "I just want to make sure everything goes smoothly. You also better be nice to him when you meet him."
"Hey there, Cap." Tony greeted, not even bothering to look up from his tablet, as if he knew that Steve had been standing there the entire time.
Steve's lips pull wide. "I thought you'd never ask." He sighs, fondly, pulling Tony into himself with their conjoined hands, Tony stumbled forward easy, and Steve places a soft kiss on his forehead. "You're my answer, every single time Tony. I have spent ten years realizing that."
Natasha's brows twisted up in confusion, not a look she often wore. "Have you not met the guy?" She leaned her hip into the counter beside her as she asked. "Or is he like alcohol poisoning drunk?"
"If you two are just going to attack us all night, we can leave." Bucky said, with all the seriousness he could muster, though everyone knew he was teasing.
"Of course I did." Steve said with a small smile. "Among other things, but these always seemed important, you used to tell me they would change the world."
Tony had decided first thing when he got out of bed in the morning that he was not going to let the previous nights events get the best of him. It was a few days, he could manage to put on a happy face, and if he got through it in one piece he could go home to New York and pretend like it all never happened.  Besides there was a lot planned for the day, and Tony needed to be there, he had promised Natasha.
"I Don't-" Tony starts but before he knows it Natasha has his phone on speakerphone and a lovely recorded voice is informing him she's about to play the first new message.
Also after the doorway reconnect he found himself wanting to see Steve again, even if it really was just to see him. Their history was one thing, but Steve had aged like a fine wine, and Tony was after all still only human.
"And that is why I stay off the hard liquor." Sam chuckled at Tony, clinking his beer bottle against Tony's Ginger-ale, and shaking his head. "I'll handle them." he offered, heading back to the poker table. "Guys, enough - we don't need the big guy making an appearance we still have a movie and Mario Kart to get through."
Maria and Pepper share a look and then Maria is rolling her eyes and Pepper is shifting her weight from one high heeled foot to the other.
"That's not funny." Steve mimicked her moves, letting his hands fall free, because it wasn't. Tony liked him sure, but Tony was Tony Stark. Mister can date anyone he wants with the snap of his fingers, Stark. You keep things casual with someone like that, you let them be free so you don't have to feel them slip through your fingers when you hold on too tight. "Look are you going to take a photo with me or not?"
"Tony, I thought we discussed what constitutes as an emergency and what does not." Pepper's tired voice came through. "I am failing to see how this does."
"It's because I let you call me big red without filing a complaint with HR." Natasha pointed out, stepping to her desk and grabbing her purse and jacket from the hook. "Though I would hope after a year of working together that you would come up with something a bit more imaginative."
"I won't." Steve called after her as she walked away. He wouldn't be worrying about Tony, not tonight, but he might be
"You're drunk." Steve says instead, but he's smiling, reaching out and gently pushing some of Tony's hair out of his face, it's the first touch in ten years, and it takes everything in Tony's drunk body not to completely crumble into it. "Do you want to go lay down?" Steve asks.
"Oh really?" Natasha asked, glancing up from her desk once he got closer. "If she heard you call her mom she would probably stab you with the heel of her shoe."
"Alright I get it." Steve groans. "But you can't tell me Natasha.." he draws out her name and instantly notices Maria's eyebrows raise, and a smirk finds Pepper's face.
"Any time." And Tony almost sounded like he meant it, even offering a tight smile, before reaching for his coffee and tablet at the time time, and going back to whatever it was he was doing before Steve happened.
Tony's fingers stuttered, and the screwdriver nearly tumbled out of his grasp. He managed to snatch it before it fell to the ground, before he glanced over at Steve. "Mad? I don't have anything to be mad about."
Steve replies with a laugh, wrapping his arms around Tony and pulling him back down on top of himself.
"Finally." She huffed. "God I was starting to think you left, or were dead." Natasha didn't wait for an invitation, slipping past Tony and into his hotel room.  Tony was still waking up so he didn't even attempt to ask, instead he closed the door behind her and followed her back into his room.
"The last time I dressed casual, I was put on the worst dressed list in OK Magazine." Tony frowned into his cell phone, currently pinned between his ear and his shoulder as he checked himself out in the mirror.
He flicked through his phone as he started his shower, kicking off his boxer shorts as he did, last made phone call '2:47 am to Cap'. At least he had the bright idea to call someone with enough sense to get him home, safely. Steve was reliable - though sometimes a bit overbearing and a bit controlling, he always came through for his team and his friends, and Tony liked Steve, a lot.
"I know I don't." Tony said, lining another plate into the rack before reaching for the cutlery in the sink. "I'd say it's because I wanted to do it, but we both know that would be a lie."
When Bucky and Natasha enter, they're met with hollers and whistles, and then the music starts and they gracefully move around the dance floor for their first dance. Tony can't help but watch how much their love radiates as they stare into each other, and finds himself hopeful that he'll get to experience that with Steve one day, maybe.
"What?" Tony asks pushing himself up as well, but she was already crawling over him and grabbing his cell phone from the bedside table, not bothering to give him a worded answer.
Steve rolls his eyes, Clint truly is ridiculous. "It is risky." And it is, at least for Steve. Natasha said the world thinks of him as the definition of America, their version. A straight white male who prays to God every night, helps old ladies cross the street and holds onto all those old fashioned American values.
"Pepper will murder you." Tony argues, but he can't help but go in for one more kiss goodbye. "She already doesn't like you, don't give her more of a reason."
"Actually.." Pepper sighs, knowing that Steve has been successfully defeated. "Her Twitter account is trending almost weekly."
"I didn't realize this would bring Stark Industries-" Steve tried, but Pepper huffed out and her vision shifted to the television behind Steve's head.
"You have no idea." Lying at this point in his life, would benefit no one, so Steve just put his head in his hands. "Can you please help me?"
Tony had mumbled something off about confusing protons, or neurons, or some kind of ons-  and how he needed to figure out what to do.
"Oh you sweet innocent summer child." Natasha said with a shake of her head, and a quirk of her lips. "You are Captain America, you are straight as an arrow and can do no wrong as far as the public's concerned, It would take a lot more than one all male selfie to change their minds."
"Apparently Vermont is out of roses." Clint rolled his eyes, holding up one of the lilies for Tony. "Please help me, do you think we can dye these all red before tomorrow?"
"An elderly man I met at Darla's funeral had it." Steve spoke, moving across the space towards the bike. "He said it was old and didn't even start anymore but I could take it off his hands if I wanted to."
"I have a hot date with a bottle of wine and a laundry machine." she sighed, pulling her jacket on as they waited for the elevator. "What about you? I Saw that email from Christine what's her face, are you going to dinner with her?"
This drew a hearty laugh from Sam beside him, and left Sharon hiding her face behind her hands, while Natasha rolled her eyes. "I swear I warned you he was annoying."
Steve looked up now, a pained look on his face as he watched Tony try and brush the whole thing off, but Tony didn't care. He did not want to live through the sympathetic look that Natasha was now shooting him, or the sharp pain in his chest, just from remembering what Steve did to him ten years ago.
"A moment over what?" Steve pressed. "You'd think the world is literally falling apart upstairs and you're down here sulking, what is it?"
"Does she run?" Tony found himself asking as he stepped towards the bike. Steve had pined over that bike while they were together, he would practically drool if he saw a picture of one, it had something to do with Steve's grandfather having one. It got sold when he died so his mother could afford the rent of the Brooklyn apartment they lived in, Steve said he would have rather lived on the street if it meant he could keep the bike. Tony remembers telling him to just buy one, the problem being they were nearly impossible to find, and when they did find one Steve would make excuses as to why it wasn't the right time. Like he was afraid to actually own what he had wanted so badly for so long. Tony had told him he would need to take a leap of faith or shut up about the damn thing.
"You didn't, but I heard." Tony replies cautiously taking his phone back from her, and staring down at the dimmed screen.
Placing his palms down beside himself, Steve contemplated what forever meant, forever was a long time, he had nearly 100 years on his side, but forever was longer. He would be alone for most of forever.
"Don't." Tony cut him off, knowing he did not want that to be the first thing Steve said to him after ten years. Ten years of never fully healing, never again feeling complete. "Did you know I was coming?"
"And -" Tony starts, finally looking at Steve, meeting those sweet baby blues and feeling his chest swell. "Steve you didn't lose me again, it kills my pride to admit this, but I don't think you ever really lost me in the first place. I am scared though, and I need you to know that."
Steve scrubbed a hand over his face as the Instagram photo from that morning, the one causing all the problem came onto the television next.
"Do you know, " He spoke breaking the silence, allowing himself to pretend he was comfortable, marching past Tony towards the bar, the one that could always be counted upon to be fully stocked. "They say the best way to ring in the new year is with a toast?"
"Like it's not entirely your fault." Steve smirks, sitting up and searching for his boxers, which were tossed to the side.
"No!" Tony insisted. "Well not technically-" he grabbed the phone taking it off speaker and putting it to his ear again. "But, I may have implied that I wanted to."
"What are you talking about?" Steve grabs his phone back from Tony to look for himself, only he didn't really know what he was looking at. Notifications the words in the top of the window told him, but it just kept loading, new messages coming in. New Follows, and likes.
"Well everyone but Sam." Tony corrects with a smirk, watching Sam cover his face. "I have to give you some serious credit Sharon, if it was me I would not have had your restraint, I don't do hints very well."
"Hmm." Steve agrees, though he doesn't bother to look out Tony's windows, instead choosing to shuffle back, just enough to feel himself press back into Tony.
"It won't be easy." Tony admits meeting Steve's eyes again. "I'm probably more difficult than I've ever been, and I'd be an idiot to think that time hasn't changed me, changed us, but-" Tony shrugs "I want to see where this thing goes if you'll take the chance on me?"
"Sure." Tony says with a small nod, ignoring the way that Sharon is now looking at him. He knows she's curious, not yet partial to what Natasha and Bucky walked into this morning. "That would be good."
Without much explanation, she crawled into his king size bed, and curled herself around a pillow, hugging it tight against her chest. Tony stood at the foot of the bed watching her. He glanced at the television, playing infomercials, and then looked back to the red head in his bed, this didn't feel like a dream.  She was wearing a pair of sweat pants and a T-shirt that was three sizes too big for her, Bucky's, he would guess, either way she didn't look like she was out on a social visit.
"There we go." Tony said softly as he pulled through the last side creating an even bow, before flipping back down the collar. Unable to stop himself as he smoothed his hands down the front of Steve's white shirt. His hands lingered, slowly moving across the white fabric, before he looped his fingers behind the lapels of Steve's suit jacket.
He left his screen open, as the notifications flooded in, and tried his best not to notice as he sipped his morning coffee, and enjoyed the view of the city beneath the large windows. It wasn't right to feel proud about how many likes something got, right?
"You know a few hundred years ago these things called telephones were invented, they're rather nifty inventions." Tony rolled his eyes, before leaning his body up against the door frame, proving a point that he was not going to allow Steve in. "If you use one, you can speak to people at any time of the day, without having to see their faces"
Shrugging off his jacket, Tony placed it on the back of a bar stool, quickly adding his tie to the pile and undoing the top button of his dress shirt, before quietly making his way to the couch, and the man he loved on it. It wasn't until Tony was casting a shadow over Steve that he even seemed to notice he was there.
"His Instagram has nearly a million followers." Pepper says plainly, before looking at Maria. "Did you see that picture he posted with the Hulk face in the tea leaves? Brilliant."
"About time you learn." Tony replied turning his attention back to his phone, a new email from Pepper coming through with the subject line '
Steve sighed as he looked into his closet. Everything looked the same to him. Getting dressed for movie and game night had never been this difficult before, but for some reason this time, he just didn't have anything to wear. Either things were too tight or too loose or just looked wrong. Who was he even trying to impress -
"There was." Tony said taking a step back, "Speaking of reasons, Steve I think you need to meet the other great Love of my life."
Steve nodded in the affirmative, using one hand to hold on to the armor and the other to pull his shield from where it sat on his back. He looked directly into the face plate a little curious how well Tony could see him from inside there, hopeful that he was looking back. "Thanks for the ride, maybe I can reciprocate sometime-" He used all the infliction he could on the word ride and offered a smirk before letting go of Iron Man entirely and letting gravity take over.
"You're lame, guys kiss each other all the time now Cap, get with the twenty first century, I figured you'd know that with Tony's tongue in your mouth all the time." Clint says with a laugh, but he turns on his couch cushion and gets up on his knees so he's leaning over the back of the couch and tilting his cheek towards Steve. "Okay, Come on, plant one on me lover boy."
Not regular like Steve, who should have been sleeping, instead of getting himself locked out of his Shield email account. Steve huffed as he slammed the lid of his laptop down, a little too hard, but not caring that he absolutely, for sure, just cracked the screen -
He wanted to apologize, offer his help in any way but another voice came the television speakers, one Steve knew well has Christine Everhart.
She lets out a huff as she folds herself into the empty chair next to Tony. "Being polite to these people is so hard, my face is starting to hurt from all the fake smiling."
"Because." He says exhaling. "I don't think I would survive him a second time." That was the truth, he almost died the first time, if his heart were to break a second time, his entire life would be in shambles. "Besides he's got a life here, I have a life in New York, I don't even know if we'd work anymore."
Unfortunately, however, his phone was acting up, the tiny little brick of glass and light metals was malfunctioning and he had no exposure to refer to. Steve had tried to ignore the little red bubbles that popped up over his applications, but they he started getting little messages about cloud space, and his head just couldn't quire wrap around why a phone would be trying to warm him about the space in a
"Excuse you." Tony retorted before handing off the bread to Sam, not missing the smirk it gained from Steve. "I will have you know I do not eat cauliflower anything."
Tony tells Pepper everything, it comes out of him like vomit after weekend binge, he can't stop himself, the details just keep coming. And after all of it is out and in the open all Pepper can do is pat his hand and sigh. "Never thought I'd see the day where Tony Stark falls in love."
Steve liked to think himself a good friend, and as much as he really wished he could hide away in his room he knew he couldn't be the one to just ditch Tony in the elevator, and hope J.A.R.V.I.S. got him up in one pieces. So he moved around the car in a few quick strides, helping Tony out and to his feet. "I guess, Since you asked so nicely."
"To be fair." Sam said, swooping in low and shooting two down. "A lot of what they do is also bad guy approved."
"Oh God." Steve says with a laugh, thankfully being saved by the beeping of the microwave. "Look I took a photo with Natasha this morning-"
"I was in love." Steve finally spoke with a soft shrug, eyes cast downward as he shifted in his seat, obviously uncomfortable with being forced down memory lane.
"You do not look any more tan than the day you left Romanov." Tony couldn't help the smile that spread over his face when he saw her, it had only been two weeks but he had missed her - even when distracted missing Steve.
"What we have here is a misguided man." Christine said into the camera, certain of herself. "Remember that he lives in the same tower as Tony Stark, Spending that much time around a man like that could cause anyone to think this behavior is okay-"
And then the ringing came again, but Tony's arms wrapped around Steve's shoulders, and his head fell back, and let another moan escape his mouth. Just as Steve closed his lips around Tony's collarbone the sound of a vibrating phone, pressed against the desk filled the space instead.
"He was just telling Steve that he owed him one." she shrugged, leaning back into the couch herself. "and now they're being all weird, Steve's dressing up and Tony." She waved her hand in the free air above her. "He's just always weird."
"Don't pity ask me out." Tony nearly wined. "It's fine, Steve, I promise I will get over it, I'll still be here in the morning, I just let my feelings get the best of me, don't do something you'll regret."
"No." Tony says with a shake of his head. "No Pepper is my best friend, actually, I'd say you'd like her but you two appear to have a secret past of your own" he waits until Steve looks a him and then he adds. "Pepper's last name is Potts. Why didn't you tell me you came to see me?"
"I do not." Tony jogged easily beside him. "Bruce is the mad scientist, I'm more of the build killer robots sort of guy, Obviously."
"You know what I mean." She says, her green eyes leveling with him from across the counter. "You are kind of a natural at giving people a glimpse into the life of Steve Rogers."
Tony's face broke into a wild smile before slamming his hands down on his table. "That's it!" he began mumbling again, twisting screens around himself and flipping through old blueprints. "I love you Rogers, you're a genius."
"I know." She said. And she did know. She had picked him up, literally and figuratively after the break up. She had seen firsthand the effect he had on Tony. "I think you're going to have to talk to him."
- the way the other board members are also shooting him tired glances he knows. So Tony lowers his cell phone and places it screen down on the boardroom table, showing that he is giving her his full attention. Finally.
Steve waited, or well he tried. He stood quietly on the other side of the work bench and watched as Tony worked, but his stomach started to twist up like it had been doing since he had called Tony in the morning and then it dawned on him.
Tony clocked it the second he saw the lamp on the table, he had worked under it almost every night. The lamp itself would constantly go out, they could barely afford to keep the electricity on during a good month so it was this awful battery run lamp. No matter how may times Tony tried to put it on a self sustaining charge it never kept. It was one of the few great failures of his life. And there it was, painted in a steady hand staring back at him. He hadn't thought of that lamp in years, and now it was slapping him in the face, reminding him of everything else he had failed at, reminding him of everything that might have been.
"You saw nothing, Barton!" Tony clipped, twisting himself in the air and then heading back down to the now destroyed super drone, and his teammates.
"Where's Tony?" Steve asked again, when no one answered him, he took one more look at the television, two news anchors now getting in an argument of if a gay man could actually
Didn't matter that ten years had passed, Tony felt twenty again. Foolish and naive, just a kid who couldn't distinguish love from lust. If he had, he wouldn't have fallen for someone like Steve Rogers.
fault for this and he would be hearing about it later. "Look I'm sorry, okay, I still don't remember the whole night, honestly, but the stuff I do remember, I'm sorry. If I could take it back, I would." he pulled a hand down his face. "I am so embarrassed, no one was ever supposed to hear those things."
When and Steve and Tony finally make it up from the shop, the gang is still cluttered around the television. Out of pure reflex, Tony releases Steve's hand from his own, but this time, Steve isn't letting go.
"Something the matter, Cap?" Tony greeted, as Steve stepped into the workshop doors, the laptop firmly pressed into his chest.
Tony followed the man to the kitchen, unable to help himself as he took in his surroundings. The entire house was simply decorated, clean, but almost devoid of all personal touches. Nothing like how he had pictured Steve living, especially not after living with him. But people change, he thought, God knows he had.
"She's going to murder you." Tony sing songs out as he makes sure the stream is done and closed before handing back Steve's phone, just in time for the elevator to come to the floor with a ding, and the doors to slide open revealing Pepper.
"I never said I didn't. I'm just saying once you let him in he get stuck." Sam leaned towards Tony "Like show up at your home at midnight to raid your fridge stuck, for life."
"Catch you later?" Steve asks leaning in for a quick peck and all Tony can do is nod as he watches Steve slip through the door and disappear from him once more.
As Tony's fingers work around Steve's bow tie, Steve's hands have loosened the knot in Tony's tie. And then his fingers drop to buttons, carefully undoing one at a time. They had managed to step backwards until the back of Steve's knees bumped into his own mattress. Tony's fingers were much quicker at loosening every shirt button, and he doesn't mind using this to his own advantage, pushing off the shirt, and managing to push Steve down onto the bed at the same time.
Steve let out a soft laugh as he gently bumped his shoulder into Tony's, but he didn't comment. Instead he focused on the old garage, pulling a key from his pocket as they came up to it. "I feel a little silly showing you this-" Steve spoke as he fiddled with the lock. "-But it was one of the few things I've always wanted and you're part of the reason I have it."
"Got ya covered." Natasha replies, slipping off the couch and disappearing into the kitchen with Pepper, towards where she stores the good Russian vodka that Pepper has grown to love so much.
Tony decides to let it be business as usual, sure he had lost the friend zone, been demoted back to acquaintance, and that was if he was being nice to himself, but he still held on hope that the glances Steve gave him were out of mutual longing and not disgust. He prides himself on not being alone with Steve either way though, now he was doing the ducking out of rooms and taking the stairs. Tony fucking hates the stairs, but it just isn't worth the risk.
"Tony's good at buying gifts." Steve answered for her. "Something to do with his layer of rich level I think." his blush had settled, but he still looked sheepish beneath Tony's glance.
"I've been the reason for a lot of things throughout my life." Tony said eyeing the garage, like something out of a horror movie. "That's not a reason to murder me in your murder shed."
"I just had a meeting with Pepper and Hill." Steve finds himself sighing, yet again as he leans over the stainless steel table.
However Tony ended up having to pay for late check out, and their parting at the airport was quicker than either would have liked.
"Oh lord." and Rhodey was for sure grinning into his phone right now because his voice was laced in it. "How bad was it?"
This time, he did shift, glancing up and over his shoulder at the man, now with his hands wrapped around himself, trying to hold in any warmth he could, but that face, no longer hidden by metal, was soft. Their eyes met and the wind picked up, slapping against their bare skin again. The silence drawing longer with each breath.
"J.A.R.V.I.S!" Tony nearly squealed at the ceiling. "Did I try and sleep with Steve last night?" Silently he crossed his fingers, hoping that the AI would confirm in the negative, no maybe that was a bad dream. He wouldn't cross that line, would he?
"I did." Steve looks back up from the book, and tilts his head, just like he used to do when admiring him, and Tony can't help but feel anything but vulnerable underneath that gaze. "You're still so gorgeous in the mornings."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Steve could feel the lines forming in his forehead, his eyebrows knotting together as he looked around the room. "Where is Tony?"
Steve hopes that no one notices the blush that immediately finds its way out of the collar of his T-Shirt. "Clint, shut up." He says focusing all his attention onto the microwave, willing it to finish faster.
"How are you feeling?" Natasha sat at the kitchen table, flipping through SHIELD Files as she ate a piece of toast. Her bare feet were pulled up onto her chair, and her red hair was pulled up into a bun on top of her head. She offered Tony a smile as he entered the room, she was so domestic sometimes it blew Tony's mind. "I hear you had quite the night."
Tony could sense the disappointment coming from Steve, and it felt wrong. He knew he should mention the call, the voicemail, allude to any of it, reassure Steve of, well, that was the problem. Tony didn't know what he would be reassuring Steve of. Not yet.  Steve hadn't lost him again, but was it safe to even admit that Steve had got him again in the first place? Did what they even do count for anything. Tony hadn't worked any of that out yet, he had been wrapped around his own head for nearly 24 hours, and nothing made any more sense now than it did earlier.
Steve, of course, has no idea what he's looking at. It's just his face, it's innocent enough, there's a few words
Sure this century seemed a bit caught up in its technology, everyone was always stuck to their phones, but Steve couldn't fault any of them for that. None of it existed when he was born, at least not in the forms it was available now. So sure, technology ruled everything around him, but how that had anything to do with his everyday life confused him.
"Tony!" Natasha exclaimed, as soon as she laid eyes on him, a smile pulling over her face. She was wearing a headband with a veil attached to it, and had a glass of wine in her hand already, James standing beside her had a sash on that read Groom in bright pink sparkle letters, and just the sight of the two of them made Tony smile back.
When he got to the farmhouse, people were buzzing about. Tony paid and thanked the cab driver, slinging Sam's jacket over his shoulder before starting towards the house. Various caterers and wait staff moved around him in the drive way, and someone else carrying the most beautiful roses Tony had seen in a long time swiftly took off towards the barn. He followed the stranger, eyes falling to people setting up chairs in the grassy area, around an arbor still needing to be decorated.
It was home, as much as home could ever be to him now, but it felt foreign, he was a stranger in this place. He could sense Tony watching him, carefully moving like someone would move around a frightened child.
"Nothing." Natasha said with ease. "Just thinking I might try and take these boys money one last time before bed."
And Tony can't even be upset at the question, because this is Pepper, and they're talking about Steve, and she knows the history, she knows the ripple effects he caused.
"It was one time!" Bruce protested from the couch, but holding the remote up in the air nevertheless so Tony could come grab it from him.
"It's fine Tony.' He wasn't sure but he would bet 100 dollars right then and there that Steve was smiling, he could hear it in his voice. It was unmistakable Even drunk, Tony could pick up on those things. "I'm on my way."
"Hey Babe." he replied instead, dipping down and placing a kiss to Steve's lips, before moving to take up the space on the couch near Steve's bare feet. "How was your day?" he asked, nudging Steve's legs to stretch out over his lap.
Pepper seems to chew over the words for a second, her head tilting before she allows herself to answer. "I get that." it feels a lot like a confession, but Steve knows better than to press. "Sometimes you just need to make an executive decision though, you either rip the band aid off and let them in on all the big stuff-"
"I don't know anyone else going to this wedding." Tony admitted, leaning back into the chair he had taken over across from Pepper. "what if they're all terrible people?"
"Oh please." Pepper fondly rolled her eyes, though her smile did reappear. "we both know I do not require your help, what is wrong?"
So dramatically, he found himself sighing again, this time louder, as he neared the work table. It wasn't his fault that Tony brought out this part of him.
"No - No." She snapped into the receiver, eyes not leaving Steve for a moment as she got closer. "This is not an official Statement from the Avengers, nor is it a comment from Stark Industries, I demand to know who this source is-" She stopped only once she was standing in Steve's space. She was shorter, but not my much in her stilettos and she held Steve's gaze as she continued her conversation. "Just tell your source if they continue giving false information that we will use all the power behind the Avengers and Stark Industries to sue them into oblivion - Got it. Goodbye."
Tony wasn't sure what time it was, or how long he had been there. The perk to being the celebrity guest was the free drinks. Anything to keep him happy while hordes of party goers tried to get their own selfie with him. Tony wasn't going to complain either way, not after nearly killing the poor girl, this was the least he could do for her boyfriend. But he definitely appreciated the free scotch. Or at least, he had been. Tony wasn't sure how long he had been at the party, a while for sure. But he was unsure if it was a drunk while, or a regular time while Time was such a weird concept, that really only a sober mind could understand. And Tony, was not sober, as he leaned up on the side of the bar, half to look cool half because he wasn't sure if his legs still worked.
There was something about the wind against his bare skin, hitting him over and over, causing the pale flesh to turn pink, stinging and then warming for the brief pauses in natures beating. How long exactly he had been on the edge, he was not sure. Literally, he had been on this edge for a few minutes, possibly more if he had lost track, figuratively he had been at the edge for months. Always one step away from the end.
Tony's lips quirked into the smallest of smiles. "I did say that didn't I? I was already so full of myself at nineteen huh?"
"Still a flatterer." Tony mused, finishing off his glass of water before setting it down on top of one of he hay bails, knowing he still had some of that liquid courage surging through his tipsy veins. "Why didn't you kiss me?"
Tony rolled his eyes, hands idly playing with his cuffs. "Pepper, I know what you're going to say but don't. I can't do this."
The tension from Steve's shoulders seemed to ease up, and his face relaxed. "Thanks." He moved across the kitchen to join Tony on the other side, dodging waitstaff with ease as he did. "You look amazing."
"You didn't screw it up with me Tony." Pepper sighed "We're different people, but we didn't - you didn't screw up." she placed a palm against his cheek offering up a soft smile. "Listen to me Tony Stark, you are a brilliant smart selfless man, you hide behind your toys and your inventions, but beneath it all you are worthy of so much more than you give yourself, that much I know from experience."
"Look if you don't want to, just say so." Tony said with a shrug, grabbing his glasses from where he had tossed them on the table.
"It's going to sound stupid, and you're just going to think I'm being a poor sulking rich boy." Tony stated matter of factly, but reached out and slowed his treadmill down once again. "But, I can't find a willing date to take to the Maria Stark Fundraiser dinner tomorrow night."
"According to our source, they met in D.C." the reporter continued. "and I guess it must be loved if Wilson followed Captain America to New York. In fact, this is not the first time they've been spotted out together!"
"What do you mean my name was taken?" Steve asks, brows furrowing down at Tony.  They had made their way to the futon couch in the corner of Tony's shop,  their legs intertwined, and in between drawn out kisses and soft touches Tony had been attempting to create an Instagram page.  "There's another Captain America?"
"What's the point in avoiding it, everyone knows we have unfinished business." Tony shrugged "Besides I know I would regret it if I didn't go, call me selfish, but I like to see how much better I am doing in life."
Tony's eyebrows lifted in question immediately as he watched the barefoot super soldier step out of the elevator, looking almost as surprised as he was. He watched Steve carefully, as he sat up in his chair, and asked Jarvis to mute his extremely loud music. Steve would wonder how it didn't radiate through the entire tower sometimes, but it was Tony and there were far more mysterious things about him than how he managed good soundproofing.
This time she didn't try to stop him, and as Tony climbed the steps two at a time to the sixth floor he silently prayed that no one would be following him.
He tucked down the news paper beside his cup and then got a brilliant idea, and Steve took his first Instagram photo. It was simple, the news paper next to his white mug against the marble countertop.  He fiddled around with the small boxes, changing the way the photo looked before he posted it, leaving the caption blank. It immediately caused his phone to go nuts, if it was going to be this easy, maybe it wouldn't be so bad.  This, he could do, and maybe Tony could teach him how to turn off the notifications, then it would be perfect.
They take the first few steps in silence and then Tony does something he didn't know he had the guts to do, and he reaches over and laces his fingers in Steve's as they walk. He still manages to keep looking forward, towards the barn, trying his best not to make a big deal of it all, but also hoping on some level Steve understands the motion, and what he means.
Steve obviously noticed it all as well because Tony can hear him sigh along. "You guys can come in." Steve's voice is louder than it was five minutes ago, and Tony flinches at the way it makes his headache sad, but he'll learn to survive.
"Ouch." Tony smiled down at his phone, grabbing clean clothes from a drawer in his dresser "Who hurt you honey bear? Who made you so bitter?"
"And if you don't know, she's not going to tell you." Tony sighed, as if speaking from experience, and he may have been, before nudging Steve's legs, silently asking him to shove over, which he did, allowing Tony to squish himself into the newly opened couch space. "Why don't we start with what you were trying to do?"
When Tony wakes up he can feel the heat of the sun on one cheek, and the soft feel of fabric against his other. He doesn't quite know where he is, except that he's in a bed of some sort. Prying open one eye, he's met with a room lit by the sun, and just beyond the edge of the bed he sees a face that he knows.
"It was more than that." Tony said glancing to James, or Bucky, or however he was supposed to refer to him in this timeline of events, wondering how much Steve ever shared with his best friend. "Steve was my first love " he admitted painfully, watching as Bucky's eyes immediately dropped to the floor, confirming he at least knew that much. "and then he broke my heart."
"You're the worst." Tony says with a huff, grabbing his coffee mug, before heading off to the elevator and disappearing for the day.
"I'm out of this conversation, I don't feel comfortable gossiping about someone's personal lives." Bruce gathered his tea mug so he could head up to bed. "I'm going to leave before I can be incriminated in this one."
"You're so dramatic." Steve rolled his eyes, pulling open the door and stepping inside. "It's a workshop."
"Sam and I have to go shopping." Sharon says, though she doesn't seem pleased. Sam doesn't seem to notice and just nods in agreement.
"Her name is irrelevant." Clint replied, sliding onto a stool next to Steve. "Why are you even going to her boyfriends bar opening, is it?"
So Tony isn't surprised when he hears a snort come from the table, where Clint is sitting. "Jealous Stark? Doesn't look good on you."
"Steve." He says quietly after a few minutes, after allowing himself to fully enjoy the little slice of heaven he had been able to catch. "I have to go back to New York today."
Steve proposed under the light of that shit lamp. After a particularly rough argument, they had traded jabs all night long, over what, Tony couldn't even remember. He just remembered screaming that it was over, that they were over, that he couldn't live like this. He remembered Steve left in a huff and he was sure that he would be gone forever. He threw himself into his work, beneath that flickering yellow lamp and completely lost track of time. When he came back to reality, Steve was there, knelt down next to the table with flowers he had stolen from someone's garden and asked. They whispered apologies between kisses and Tony promised to be better, while Steve promised forever.
"You alright with me posting it?" Steve asked, for probably the tenth time since taking the photo. Sam wasn't exactly an official Avenger, but he had been out on enough missions here and there for the general public and press to have an idea of who he was, so it wasn't like Steve was about to post a photo of a stranger.
"Oh fuck off." Natasha spoke, coming around Tony's shoulder, tired but smiling. "If anyone wouldn't be able to walk properly after a night with me, it's you."
She raised her perfectly manicured brows and then nodded. "I'd love to take you down on the mat, if you've got the time."
Now it was Tony's turn to roll his eyes. "That's a terrible idea."  was all he had to say before he pulled back out his cell phone and sent a message to Pepper.
It didn't take long for Steve to get there, or maybe it did. Tony wasn't really in the business of telling time at that moment. He managed to get outside, and the cool air had kept him awake long enough for Steve to arrive. He grinned wide as he could as he spotted the super soldier pulling up in one of Tony's many expensive sports cars. "Do you know how hot you look driving this thing?" he asked as he swung open the passenger side door, barely waiting for Steve to come to a stop. "My Hero-"
"I have to go back to the hotel room." Tony quickly blurted. "I forgot something, I just, I have to.." He stumbled out his lame excuse, taking a step back, with every word, one step closer to escaping. "I will be back, okay, right I'll be.." he waved his hand and before he could even finish he was turned on his heel and was hightailing it out of there, through the people and right out the doors of the restaurant.
Steve looked back down, down at the city streets he could barely make out in the snow fall. “You know I've lost everyone I've ever loved.”
"Busy day?" Steve asks, glancing up over his Paper now, his cheek still warm from the press of Tony's lips. He'll never grow tired of that feeling he thinks.
"Well you know, weapons haven't always been my forte." Tony joked as he turned on the taps to wash his hands, Steve did know. Steve had spent many nights up with him discussing the pros and cons of one day taking over Stark Industries, back then it was all cons. "Though I'm sure if Howard knew he'd be dying all over again."
"What's everyone's plan for the day?" Steve asks as if the change of subject is direly needed, though he doesn't bother looking up from the next round of bacon.
He was about to hook himself under Tony's arm, when instead Tony reached out and wrapped his arms around Steve's elbow, holding on for dear life while leaning into his side. "You smell so good Steve."
She was right, of course Pepper was right. Steve had been hanging out in the in-between. He had one foot in the public eye, the photos the lame attempts at putting on a persona that might be the real him, instead of just jumping in completely. Without making a statement, a clear concise this is me statement.  He needed to either close the walls back up, or break them down. His way. Steve Rogers had to come out to the world, or he had to tuck that part of himself behind Captain America, and leave it alone.
The house itself was beautiful, even Tony had to admit that. The white farmhouse was situated in green space surrounded by trees, with a bright red barn tucked off to the side of the property. It honestly looked something out one of the Country Living magazines that Pepper used to leave lying around the penthouse. It was definitely romantic, and Tony could now understand why Natasha wanted to get married here.
"Of course." Tony had slowed to a walk now. "She said no because we'd be photographed together and people would think we were dating again, and she doesn't want her new boyfriend to have to handle that."
Thankfully, the sound of a car arriving at the house guaranteed this conversation was about to end. "Because I just came as a guest." Tony said, stepping back towards escape. "And she'd be pissed to know that Pepper or I had anything to do with her wedding, it was like pulling teeth just to get her to let me pay for the welcome party."
"I didn't mean-" Steve shook his head with an amused smile, pushing the start button and taking off into a steady job. "I meant usually you spend the middle of your nights mad scientist-ing."
He sat next to the bed, the only sounds in the room was the beeping of the heart monitor. Steve watched as Tony's chest struggled to move up and down with each breath, he was cut up and bruised and the doctors said they didn't know when he would come back around, but that he just would, eventually.
"Wow." Tony's eyebrows raised into his hairline, because, no of course Steve wouldn't have told anyone about him, why would he He was
"Can I think about it?" Steve knows it's pointless to ask, but Pepper smiles and Maria nods. They're just placating him, but he's too proud to admit they've won, just yet, and escapes as quickly as he can.
"Stop." Steve huffed, stepping away from the couch and Clint's grasp, trying to think of a witty caption, but something also misleading.
"Can we please be serious here for a second?" Steve said, holding back the eye roll he so badly wanted to do. As if his day couldn't get worse, there was a chance this was going to send it right off the edge.
"You two had a whole entire life together." Bucky said quietly, if he had noticed Tony's tears he wasn't saying anything.
"Too forward?" Tony asked, before shaking his head. "Doesn't matter, it's summer in California, it's hot, you're hot, we should be hot together, if you get my drift."
Luckily enough, Tony paid no attention, laughed it off, and continued on whatever it was he was doing, that had caused the grease explosion.
Tony realized only then that he had been staring, but he didn't care to hide it. "Nothing." he answered instead. "Just admiring the view." he had to chuckle at Steve's exasperated eye roll before adding. "Are Sam and Sharon coming to this dinner? Do we know if they're still banging?"
Tony noticed everyone glance towards two more men joining the area, and that's when Tony saw him. A few extra years on his face, but sure as hell it was-
"Uh. Thanks Tasha" Steve grinned at the girl as she took her seat, waiting until she was speaking to Clint to lean over "That was awkward." He whispered to Tony at his side.
Steve looks up at him, now that they've split apart, his eyes are black, and heavy lidded, and Tony can feel his entire body burn under their gaze. He decides to finish unbuttoning his own shirt, letting it slide off his shoulders and onto the floor behind him, noting how Steve's eyes widen at the action. Cautiously, Tony's hands drop to his own belt, Steve's eyes follow, slowly he unclasps the belt, before thumbing open the top of his pants.
"-And then we have Sam, he's one of the groomsmen, and Sharon my bridesmaid-" Natasha carried on. "Where's-"
"Get over yourself." Clint huffed. "It's for the wedding, Sam lost his suit jacket, I managed to get a replacement delivered to the hotel but if I go missing Nat's gonna know something's up."
"Wait, pause." Tony cut in, pushing himself up into a seated position so he could straighten out what exactly what was happening here. "Are you saying you'll move to New York?"
Tony spent most of his afternoon sleeping off the hangover headache that returned almost immediately after he got back to the hotel. When he woke up he had a few update texts from Pepper in regards to the roses, that of course she had no problem arranging and would be flown in over night, and delivered to the farm before breakfast.
"Something wrong?" Tony finally asked, he had been sitting across from Steve since the first sigh, but as nicely as he had ignored the first one, he wasn't able to let the second one slide. Tony held his pen between his fingers, tapping it expectantly on the boardroom table top. They were both supposed to be completing these Shield reports from their most recent incident in Central Park,
Good intentions, Tony thought to himself, though made a note to circle back around to this. "Hey." Tony said clearing his throat. "Where are those two with our drinks."
"Yeah." Tony says with a nod, and he means it, he's drunk sure, but not too far gone, not yet. He had learned his limits a long time ago with Pepper.
The elevator whirred to life, and Tony rested his head against Steve's shoulder, contently sighing as he did. "I owe you one, big time for tonight."
"I kissed Sam." Steve blurted, and then winced at how it came out, like a lover admitting a misstep, Tony's silence on the other side didn't help. "Tony?"
Steve doesn't confirm anything, and he doesn't need to. Instead they make their way up the stairs, through the hall and directly into Steve's bedroom once again. Tony closes the door behind himself, and neither of them need to turn the light on. The moon is bright enough, and they both know it, and from there, Tony can hear the music from the barn through the open second story window, but just as a dull buzz.
But this wasn't about Steve. That's what he kept repeating to himself as he poured himself into his blue three piece Tom Ford Suit, and fixed his tie. Tucking his important items into his pocket before heading down to the front desk.
"Bucky is the groom." Tony took another breath, slowly piecing together the connection. "James is marrying Natasha." he sighed, how did he not know this - how did he not see this - why didn't he ask for names, for pictures for anything to prevent this. To prevent him from having to face Steve.
Steve thought about the question for a moment before stopping his treadmill all together. "I would have preferred our first date to be a little more low key, but I could make a fancy dinner work, if you'd be okay with that."
"I have no excuses." He finally spoke, eyes wound closed, afraid to see the world around him. "I ran away from what I had to try and get something I thought I wanted." pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes he steadied his breathing, though the tears kept flowing. "I am not the man I once was. I am broken, and I am lost."
"I don't think so." Tony said with a shake of his head, not sure when everyone had begun sticking their nose in his business, or why he was allowing it.
"She didn-" Tony goes to argue, but Natasha's even look makes him stop, and he knows she's smarter than that and it's not worth the argument in the long run. "I will."
"Oh I don't know, Hello maybe?" Clint asks behind a laugh and a shake of his head, still trying to calm himself down.
Steve's hands quickly dropped to cup Tony's ass, only to lift him up onto the desk, sending rolled poster boards to fall to the ground. Tony's legs wrapped around Steve's hips and Tony's hands now worked on inching their way under Steve's T-shirt, while Steve's head dipped and his lips worked their way down to the sensitive skin along Tony's throat.
"I'm always honest." Tony blurted, as he reached over and placed his hand on Steve's thigh, for no other reason then to be touching him while he drove. "Drunk Tony just likes to talk." he nearly whispered that part, leaving over once again as far as the constrains of his seat belt would allow him, right into Steve's space.
"I should probably warn Pepper." Tony mused, before taking another bite, almost reveling in the huff Steve gave him in return.
"I'd dedicate a song to you on the radio if they still did that" he said as he turned around, eyeing Steve over, his brown eyes slowly dragging up all of Steve, and it made the blonde feel a little warm and a little exposed. "You know-" Tony said cocking his head to the side, allowing his voice to drop. "When you stand like that, with your arms crossed and all-" he waved his hand around trying to convey a message "I just strip you naked and ride you."
"Just doing some tune ups." Tony spoke down into his lap, pulling the pinhole screwdriver from behind his ear and twisting it into one of the metal fingers. His eyes narrowed on his work and he seemed to disregard Steve all together as he continued fiddling.
But it was too late. The tears were warm on his cold face, he should have stopped them, he should have left, but in that moment Steve could do nothing but cry. He wept into his hands, his entire body trembling with each sob, eyes burning nose running. He could feel his hands shake and he didn't know how to stop it.
A few more pictures down was one of the team. It was post battle, nothing exciting, a couple Doom Bots on the loose from a week ago. Steve hadn't even noticed Tony take the photo. Steve had his back turned to the camera, his hands on his hips,  talking to Clint, and Natasha, some destroyed robots at their feet. Thor was off to the side, smiling towards the camera. Tony captioned it with 'America's Sweetheart, America's Ass, America's Pain in the Ass and the God of Thunder.' It gave Steve a good chuckle.
Steve had rolled his eyes when Tony asked for a picture, but turned his head towards Tony's phone still and offered a wide smile. Tony, tilted his chin up, and tried for his usual blue steel - which only caused Steve to laugh.
"This is important." Tony argued, though it was beginning to feel like the moment was starting to pass, as now both Steve's cell phone and his were ringing again. "It better be a fucking emergency."
"Tony." Steve wanted it to come out firm, a request to stop, but it was more of a croak, he looked over at his friend, because that's what they were, friends, he wanted to appear stern, but had clearly failed because all he got back from Tony was a beaming smile.
"Ah Right." Clint nodded. "The little office explosion incident. That poor girl, no wonder you cycle through receptionists like shirts."
"Steve." Pepper's voice is soft, and Steve immediately clocks it as the one she uses on Tony when he's in a particularly desperate need of sleep, or food, or general babying. "You have to help us out here, we're just trying to make you more relatable It's not just for your sake, it's for the whole team."
Natasha throws her hands up innocently, a wicked smirk painting her red lips. "Boyfriend is a soft topic, I'll remember that."
"-I'll make you dinner tonight if you go away before Pepper comes up here to get you." Steve levels.
Steve was smirking as he pulled away from Tony, his eyes still heavy lidded, and it was so fucking hot, Tony wanted to push him right to the ground. But Steve was already checking his phone, so Tony begrudgingly pulled out his own phone. "Natasha, and Bucky" Steve said.
"Don't you have a shower to take or something?" Tony asked before heading off towards his awaiting cab.
"No." The answer surprised Tony as soon as he said it out loud. "I promised Natasha I would stay. Can you believe she had no idea, no one did. He didn't tell any of his friends." tossing back the tiny bottle of vodka in two gulps before he continued. "I don't know what I'm going to do Pepper, I can't even look at him without feeling completely overwhelmed."
"Sam's afraid of risk." Clint said around a mouth full of popcorn, tossing a chip into the pile "Call-"
Her dress was ivory, simple and form fitting. The back of the dress hung low, her hair was tied high, and her skin was glowing. Tony had to sneak a photo off his phone and send it to Pepper, because she needed to see this, it was absolutely stunning. The ceremony itself was short, but sweet, and the amount of love that poured out of Natasha and Jame's mouth was enough to make anyone feel a swell of emotion. Tony would never admit it, but his eyes fell to Steve more than once through the ceremony.
"I wanted to kiss you." Steve admits. "But you asked me to go, and I don't know where I stand with you anymore."
Steve's tongue darted out over his bottom lip, making Tony's stomach drop before he replied. "How someone so smart could fall for someone like me."
"Dear god why didn't you just shut me up." He complained into his palms as he hid his face from the world.
"Tony." Pepper's voice carries across the table, and he gets the sense she's already said it more than once. When he looks up, the glare on her face is enough to confirm his suspicions. He doesn't bother asking what, already knowing
"I'm sure if you are." Sam said with a shake of his head. "But so help me God if this backfires and prevents me from getting any dates-"
. Defeated, he headed down to the common floor of the Avengers Tower and hopes someone would be there to help.
It's not until later, once Tony gets out of the shower and wraps a towel around his waist that he actually takes a moment to think about what they just did. He wipes the steam from his bathroom mirror and takes in his own reflection. His lips are still a bit swollen and his shoulder is dressed in tiny bruises, but the big bruises are around his hips, as if Steve left his fingerprints behind.
"I think you already know how good I look when I ride." Tony couldn't help the innuendo, noting the way it made Steve flush, even just the slightest bit. They were standing close again, and Tony found himself once again looking at Steve's lips. He tried to remember how they tasted, and then his eyes were flickering back up to the blue ones that looked back at him.
Once they're on the dance floor, and Steve has one of Tony's hand in his own, and his other hand on Tony's hip he leans in. "Finally, I have you to myself."
No matter how many times Tony analyzed it, it was what it was. Feelings, falling for him - it was ridiculous. Sex less times than a person can count on one hand does not end in love, and that's when Tony realizes that this has been in the works long before their first time. These feelings have been brewing since the battle of New York, that over time Tony's been pining for Steve and that first night together, that just opened the flood gates.
He was on the mend after catching a falling building with his body - you're welcome citizens of New York. And sure his leg was in a cast, and his ribs hurt any time he moved, but he was doing O.K.
"Uh - Yeah." Steve still felt flushed, and could only hope he was hiding it better than he thought he was. He wasn't sure he was going to be able to get Tony's words out of his head, let alone the pictures those words put there. He gave his head a tiny shake, twisting off the lid of the second bottle. "It's just been a long night is all."
"I'm an idiot." Tony shrugs, closing the space between them in a few more confident, wobbly, strides. "I still say stupid things when I shouldn't." Tony smirks, because it reminds him how many arguments they used to get into because of the stupid things that came out of his mouth. "Do you want to kiss me now?"
Tony's brow knotted together as he took the envelope and pulled out one of the many scraps of paper that were folded up inside of it. It was a sketch, a mini blueprint that Tony had drawn. When he and Steve were together, innovation would strike him at the weirdest times, in the middle of dinner, right after sex, sometimes in the middle of a movie, he would demand a pen and some sort of scrap paper and he would sketch, or write out numbers and figures.
Once again their fingers are laced, and Steve leads him out of the barn, and it feels again like that first night at the farm, but this time Tony is absolutely sober, and there's no fog clouding his thoughts or decisions.
"Your eyes, man." Tony continued, as if Steve had said nothing. "I don't think I've ever seen that color blue before, and I've seen a lot of blue in my life."
Tony had rounded up the household and managed to stick them all in a room for movie night. There had been groaning and moaning from several people, no one wanted to watch any more Lord of the Rings, and Don't even say Star Wars one more time if you want to keep your life Tony -  he had shrugged them all off, handing out bowls of popcorn and cans of soda, forcing everyone to give up their arguments.
A heat arises in Tony's chest and he has to look anywhere else but at his own reflection, he knows that they shouldn't have done what they did, now the whole balance was going to be thrown off, but he didn't regret, not one second of it, and whatever came at him now that it was done, would be worth it.
Yet still, here he sat across from Maria Hill and Pepper Potts, both looking at him expectantly, both waiting for him to agree with them. Both waiting for Steve to cave.
Tony stands up and leans into the table towards Steve. "Twitter is fun, but it's for words. It has a limit, and you wouldn't be able to go on your rants about the government or the environment on there."
Tony knew if he let himself fall back into self pity that he would never get out, so he did the only thing he could think of, pry open the mini bar, and call his life line.
"We can't find Natasha." Clint said lowering his hand, as he had been the one to do all the knocking. "Have you seen her?"
"I think you do-" Sam laughed as he plopped himself into an armchair, crossing his ankles on top of the coffee table. "Were you late because you came from a date?"
Steve furrowed his brow glancing at Tony, if only to reassure him his answer was sincere "No." He stated, focusing back on the road entirely. "I just didn't realize you.."
"Well fuck you guys." Clint leaned back into the couch. "I still don't think Steve is the kind to let a drunk Stark do anything with him, let alone sex."
"Hi Tony." Steve smiled, stepping off the elevator, making a beeline directly for Tony, and pulling him in for a kiss.
When Tony got to the restaurant, it was full of people, and Tony recognized none of them, thankfully, Natasha must have spotted him through the crowd because suddenly she had called his name and was frantically waving from across the room.
, made Steve's stomach knot up, though he wasn't entirely sure why. "Uh yeah, Sam knows.  You think it's going to make a statement?"
The barn looks magnificent, the lights littering the ceiling are all shining bright, there's a dance floor in the middle of the room surrounded by large round tables. Each table is covered in a pristine white table cloth, the rose center pieces that were so urgently ordered sitting on each one. There's smooth music playing while people are laughing and talking, it truly looked like something out of a magazine. Pepper would have been so proud.
Steve stepped back as the door swung open, as if surprised Tony opened it at all. "I wanted to talk."
Pepper chuckles, but Maria isn't as humored. "You post things, get followers, people start to like you, they get to know the real you." She pauses and then shrugs. "Well maybe not the real you, the social media you."
Tony knows when the fog around his head clears that he is going to over think everything that just happened, that he will go over every word spoke and dissect every sentence. He knows it, because that's what his head does, but just for now, he just wanted to indulge the side of him that missed this, the side that wanted it all back. So he lays back, and closes his eyes, and tries to imagine a life in which the ten years never happened.
