Unbidden, an image appears in his John’s: Sherlock and he, free from all obligations of professional cycling, returning here for a holiday, riding mountain-bikes along the small country lanes into the hills, winding along trails over the gnarled roots of trees, and inhaling the smells of the
John reminds himself sternly. He takes a deep breath and looks Sherlock squarely in the eyes. “Yes. But that’s not all. I ... this isn’t just about sex, Sherlock. It’s more than that, actually.”
“Bugger the evidence. What evidence are you referring to, anyway? What some snotty boys at your school told you ages ago? Haven’t we established that they were idiots?”
Because there isn’t really anything he’d like to change about their first encounter. It was ... well, it was perfect, as first encounters go. John was clearly a bit gobsmacked by Sherlock’s directness, but he wasn’t put off like most others. No, he was intrigued enough to show up at Baker Street the next day – something Sherlock had been worried about after leaving John standing in the lab with Mike Stamford. Sherlock had been impressed by John offering him his phone out of the blue, by the perfect trust a traumatised war veteran displayed towards a total stranger. John as a person had fascinated him immediately. And how could he not? Sherlock had observed so many contradictions and suppressed emotions bubbling under the calm-seeming surface, under the plain clothes and controlled exterior. Sherlock had been hooked right from the start – and surprised himself with this unprecedented reaction – had been eager to learn more about this person. Add to that the fact that John was certainly easy on the eye and not easily shaken. Oh, and his military background had helped, too. Sherlock isn’t quite sure, but there appears to be certain evidence that he has a bit of a thing for men in uniform. Had Sherlock been infatuated with John right from the beginning? In retrospect, definitely, although that realisation, the knowledge that he was falling hard and fast, had come later – too late in some respects. And John ... he had probably found Sherlock interesting if a bit odd. But he
John sighed, and reaching out very gently run his hand down Sherlock’s arm to reassure him. “Affection,” he said with quiet sadness. “That’s what you craved and what, I think, your family failed to provide.”
Not slip away like Sherlock right now. Because fact is that the berk hasn’t come home, and apparently hasn’t felt any need to inform his ... flatmate/boyfriend/partner/soulmate/whatever that the case he’s working on requires his complete attention. John wouldn’t even be angry if that were the case. God knows Sherlock needed a good case. He had only been taking small ones recently when the disappearance of the museum guide came up. The Metropolitan Police had dismissed it as a domestic falling out between the woman and her boyfriend, with her leaving the city to stay with friends. Her internet history showed that she’d researched coach and train tickets to Cumbria the day before she didn’t return from work. The Met was investigating only superficially. But Sherlock obviously suspected there was more to the matter and leapt at it eagerly. John is glad for him, although Sherlock not keeping him in the loop smarts. It’s not John’s fault that the surgery became that busy yesterday afternoon.
The last time this happened, he was caught in the pitch dark in an abandoned London Underground Station with the body of a murdered woman next to him, he himself concussed after a blow to his head and suffering from a fractured wrist. He remembers the fear of discovery by those who’d previously attacked him, of sprinting up a seemingly endless spiral staircase in the dark with his pursuers and his own fear hot on his heels, their hasty footsteps scraping on rough ground bringing up even darker memories, namely those of his imprisonment and torture in a Serbian bunker during his time ... away.
His excitement is infectious. “So what’s the plan for tomorrow? Survive the stage and grab hold of Wiggins afterwards for a little chat?”
Breakfast turns out to be a surprisingly pleasant affair. Sherlock avoids having to talk too much to Daniel, preferring to listen to Tiffany and John striking up a lively conversation about fantasy novels, particularly those of her favourite author. Having read the first two chapters of
“I see. So ... if I understand this correctly, up there in the speech bubble next to the little Sherlock are the tools required for the ... construction. Or deconstruction, rather. Because – and please don’t be shocked now – I’d really like to take you apart eventually. Switch off your brilliant brain for a bit and make you just feel.” Sherlock twitches at this and shifts where he sits, swallowing hard.
Sherlock shrugs. “The way you talked about your friend, James. I wondered what happened between you, at Étaples or elsewhere. Whether it was just friendship or ... something else.”
Sherlock joins the two men and gives the housekeeper a long, pointed glance from over their heads. She hails from somewhere upriver, Windsor or Richmond, perhaps, and has been in the service of the family for a long time, hence her apparent loyalty and willingness to lie. Unmarried, broken off engagement many years ago, likely when her fiancé returned from the Great War a changed man. Very strict with the other servants and indeed herself, as indicated by her prim dark dress and overly correct hair (not a single strand out of line), her large and prominently worn set of keys for all important locks in the house, and her watch, likely a gift from the family for her long services, her only adornment instead of jewellery but worn on a chain around her neck as if to underline her insistence on punctuality.
he reasons, when reasoning becomes an option again since John’s gaze has strayed to the safer territory of his hands,
“Don’t be alarmed,” she says softly. “I won’t gossip about it, not even to Ellie. She has a kind heart, but is quite set in her ways and opinions, I’m afraid. She wouldn’t understand. But know that I’m pleased for you. The two of you look so happy. I had a friend once, back during my dancing days. He was ... like that. He was in love with a fellow male dancer, and they had to keep it secret, and in the end both of them ended up marrying women they didn’t love just to stop the rumours. I don’t think anybody was happy, neither them nor the women. I so wished I could have helped him. If I hadn’t been married to Frank, I’d have offered to marry him instead – just for show, you see, to protect him. I wasn’t interested in him that way even though he was a dishy young man. And he certainly didn’t fancy me, on account of him being, well, queer. But things were not to be that way. I haven’t heard from him in a long time. I hope he has found some happiness at last. But the two of you, know that you are safe here. Don’t kiss or do things in front of Ellie, that’s my advice, but whatever you get up to in your rooms, know that you have my blessing. Don’t worry about the sheets, either. I do most of the laundry, anyway. Ellie hates it, so I do it, because I hate cleaning the house and she quite enjoys that.”
John gave him a quick glance and smiled to himself. “Indeed it has. We didn’t time our arrival very well, did we?”
“Well, he seems a rather demanding team captain,” puts in Sherlock airily, “but tell us, what makes him so bad?”
Sherlock’s eyebrow twitches up when he gives John an arch look. “Indeed. Here, I’ll play the video again. Watch closely. There. See?”
A moment’s hesitation, then the door is opened slowly. “I’ll be gone in a moment.” A pause. “Are you okay?” comes Sherlock’s baritone from beyond the frosted glass, sounding worried. He steps closer, a vague shape of blue and grey.
“It’s fine. Good night, John.” John felt Sherlock shift a little to move his head to be able to kiss John’s hair. He smiled and hummed a reply before surrendering to the lull of sleep.
“Can’t have been easy, with all those rich, snotty brats one would expect to attend a school like this, picking on all those who are ... different.”
Sherlock is sitting on the toilet at the party house, feeling a bit woozy which is both due to the reset and the unprecedented amount of alcohol he has drunk. Somebody bangs on the door and Sherlock shouts at them to piss off. He pulls himself up from the closed toilet seat to gaze at his reflection in the mirror, carefully running his fingers over his lips, thinking he can still feel the pressure and texture of Victor’s lips and the slick slide of his tongue, as well as tasting the wine he’d drunk previously. His lips show no signs of kissing, however, nor does his hair retain any evidence of Victor running his hand through the curls. Sherlock is torn between resentment that he was snatched away from the kiss and a sense of foreboding. In the past, the resets always meant that something was wrong and in need of rectification. What has been wrong about the kiss, then? It was shocking and rather overwhelming in its intensity, for sure. Sherlock never anticipated such a strong reaction in himself, having so far disdained intimacy as something only other people needed. But the alcohol helped overcome Sherlock’s reluctance to engage in physical closeness. And he likes Victor. He’s the first real (human) friend he’s ever had. So why the reset? Was it just an accident, a combination of Victor touching the dratted mole and the adrenaline coursing through Sherlock’s veins? Sherlock doesn’t believe in fate or anything like it. He is a scientist. But the evidence of past resets indicates that something needs a subtle tweak to make things ... right, if that’s the correct term.
A brief visit to the bathroom later – where, to his surprise, John found that Sherlock had actually rinsed his cycling gear and hung it up to dry –, they had resumed their previous positions in Sherlock’s bed, which, John had to admit, was rather more comfortable than his own. Moreover, it smelled like Sherlock, which John considered an additional bonus.
Sherlock nodded, swallowed, and then deftly slipped his free hand between John’s legs, causing John to gasp and then groan. “Shit.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Not directly. But somehow, he must be involved in this as well. Anthea and others did some research for me today. Apparently the
John sighed. “Both of you, I think. But you’re not to blame. Your father cocked it up far more than you did. I think if I’d been in your situation, confronted so unexpectedly with someone who wronged me and then hearing little more than insolence and accusations from them, I’d have punched them. I nearly gave your dad a bloody nose. Next time, you should talk when both are prepared for the encounter, and have had time to think beforehand about what you’re going to say. Some impartial moderator should be present, too.”
John reached the surgery with over twenty minutes delay, sweaty and so out of breath that even cursing was difficult. Due to a signal failure the Metropolitan Line had been suspended halfway to his destination and he’d had to jog the remaining two miles. By that time the waiting room was already full to the last seat, with Dorothy the receptionist about to phone him to enquire about his whereabouts. He rightly blamed traffic, was forgiven and handed a towel and a very welcome cup of tea, and got to work.
Sherlock sighs, his shoulders drooping. He runs a hand through his sweaty hair. Gazing at John, he swallows, then nods. “My stomach is bothering me as well.”
They had reached a crossroads. Katie turned right again, following the road as it dipped into a shallow valley where a large farmstead was situated. Its buildings spread out to both sides of the lane. A large tractor with a trailer was standing in front of some sheds to the right while the majority of the farmyard seemed to extend to the left. Thence Katie headed, gravel crunching under her car’s tyres as they approached a two-winged, two-storied building of red brick and white-framed windows. To both sides of the drive were stables, a large barn, and, as far as John could see in the light of two strong lamps attached to the outbuildings, some paddocks and what looked like an orchard. In an island in the driveway in front of the main building a large tree grew, its scantily leafed branches swaying in the wind. Behind the farm was deep darkness: forest or heathland, John surmised, or meadows for the Millers’ horses.
Sherlock stepped over to the Ælthelflæd’s stall and studied the door and its opening mechanism. “Was it open when you arrived and found the foal gone?”
Lady Moran glides over, after dispatching her chauffeur with a few whispered words, obviously instructing her to wait nearby. She studies Sherlock and John and their obvious injuries with a sharp glance, before sitting down gracefully, still wearing her fur coat, her small handbag on her lap.
. John shifts once more to get comfortable. “When you ... you know ... touch yourself. What does your brain do then?”
“Anyway, when after a while she mentioned that this mystery crush of hers had begun to bring along a friend – a male friend – when before he’d rarely suffered the company of other people, I assumed that he was gay. I think by then she’d also begun to see Sherlock in more realistic terms, since her accounts of him became more sparing and less exuberant, with fewer mentions both of his brains and his looks. In fact, I heard her talk less and less about him, and was secretly pleased that she seemed to have overcome her infatuation and was moving on.”
John scrambles out of bed and stretches. His vest rides up, exposing a bit of belly and a line of dark-blond hair vanishing in his pyjama bottoms. “God, I’m getting old,” he groans. Sherlock snaps his eyes away from the enticing sliver of skin and hair and walks to his side of the bed.
She gives Sherlock a meaningful, rather disapproving glance, and he feels the strange need to defend himself. “Not all of us are suited for fighting the enemy head on, Mrs. Suffield,” he assures her, keeping his voice calm and even. “But do rest assured that we are all doing our bit.”
Accidentally, he runs into Mrs. Hudson again who coos and kisses him on his hollow cheeks and offers him a flat in her house on Baker Street. The rooms are perfect. The rent is surprisingly cheap, too (a special rate from Mrs. Hudson, no doubt), although a little above his current budget. At Barts Hospital where he has successfully charmed the mortician into allowing him the use of the lab and the odd spare body-part for experimental purposes, one morning he talks with one of the doctors, Mike Stamford, mentions his dilemma about needing a flatmate while wondering at the same time who in their right mind would want to share a flat with him, and, more importantly, who
She waves a hand, smiles a little. Suddenly, the odd tension between them is gone. Molly seems relieved, somehow. So is Sherlock. This is much easier.
“Their ‘trusted insider’ calls you a psychopath, and quotes several ‘specialists’ who ‘analysed’ you as a child, when you first spent some time in a mental institution.”
“John, oh God no, John,” sobbed Sherlock and John felt something warm and wet soak the collar of his t-shirt. Sherlock was crying, his shoulders shaking, his death-grip finally slacking. John reached up and pried his hand from his shoulder to settle it on his biceps instead, before he resumed stroking Sherlock’s back soothingly. His t-shirt was sweaty and clinging to his skin.
“No.” Sherlock feels sick again, which might be due to hunger, he reasons. But right now, he knows he won’t be able to eat. Even swallowing some tea is out of the question.
alone or in a small group is safer than in the middle of the peloton, where even a minor lapse in attention can lead to a major crash. But since Sherlock is the leader in the general classification, and it’s in the team’s interest to keep him in this position, at least as far as the Alps, it would be counterproductive to send Team Speedy’s riders out in escape groups to attempt a stage win. They will have their slate full trying to catch other breakaways during the race, and ensure a safe and timely arrival for their man in yellow – and hopefully a more organised and less accident-prone sprint finish than during the previous day.
Settling down next to Sherlock, he searched his rucksack for his mobile. “Do I have to set the alarm?” he asked. "Oh, and do you have the adapter for the power sockets? I need to charge the phone."
John shrugged. “Don’t know. I didn’t follow the news that closely.” He walked over to the coffee table and read some of Sherlock’s niggling annotations to the crossword.
“John, I need more light,” he announced. John searched his pockets for his small torch before remembering that he had left it in his rucksack at Bart’s. Withdrawing his mobile, he switched it on and selected the torch function, before handing the phone to Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed. “Who’d want to share a bed with me?” he asked, his voice carrying a trace of bitterness John was sure he hadn’t wanted to display. “Not even Mycroft did, when we were children. And I didn’t bother to ask for it.” He raised his head and looked at John sternly. “I don’t want your pity, John. I didn’t mind being alone. It was what I chose, deliberately. And it was good. It worked. I was content not having to bother with other people’s demands and expectations.”
Breaking away from the peloton, riding long stretches alone in the wind or accompanied by a small group of hopefuls for a stage win, those are John’s specialities. He is a passable climber because of his small size and relative strength, although not generally a man for the high Alps or Pyrenees with their long, winding ascents. At the same time he can hold a steady, high pace over a long stretch, even though he is no expert at time trialling. Slightly hilly, undulating terrain with climbs of the lower categories are his favourite stages, because here the chance of a breakaway actually reaching the finish line first are higher than on flat stages geared towards the sprinters. On the flats those teams aiming for a win in the points category usually catch breakaways, sometimes mere metres before the finishing line, and their sprinters, having ridden in their teammates’ slipstream for most of the stage and thus conserving energy for the last effort, snatch the stage wins. In the high mountains the teams vying for the overall victory attack relentlessly on difficult climbs and often win these stages. Only sometimes, an especially fit and dedicated climber who doesn’t present any danger in the general classification is allowed to slip away and win the stage. John was lucky once and won one alpine stage in a daring escape years ago, when a minor accident delayed some of the big name riders on the ascent to Col du Glandon. John’s victory was helped by the fact that he is excellent on the descents, one of the best downhill racers (a leftover from his mountain-bike days), who in his younger days was willing to risk all to not lose time during a decent. John is always a contender for the most combative rider: constantly attacking or breaking away from the main group, breaking up the other teams’ strategies with his unpredictability and forcing them to react. This has earned him the red number on his back, a coveted price among the riders, for several consecutive years.
Sherlock shakes his head until he sees the disapproving glance from John. “What? Is it the tact thing again? Why don’t you two stop bothering to try and make me into something I’m not?”
He makes a gesture that seems to encompass everything. Sherlock understands. “You’re welcome,” he replies quietly, holding John’s gaze, hoping to convey with his eyes what he finds difficult to put into words. He, too, has missed ‘his’ John, the doctor, the soldier, the friend. He’s seen quite enough of the grieving father and ex-husband lately.
John lets out an exasperated breath and shakes his head. “Forget it, okay?” With that, he sets off along the jetty.
Music is floating out of the brightly lit hall. Soon, he reckons, the windows will have to be shuttered or otherwise darkened for the black-out. But as long as darkness hasn’t fallen, the hall windows illuminate the court in front of the building. Groups of people are milling about, mostly arrivals like Sherlock: young men in wide trousers, wearing ridiculously patterned ties and fancy shoes, and women in colourful skirts and dresses with their hair done up and their faces painted, especially their lips, obviously heeding the call to not let standards slip, even during wartime. In fact, some of the necklines are plunging rather deeply, and the hemlines are shorter than one usually sees around Bletchley. As dull and provincial the town may seem, at times like this it cannot hide the fact that it currently houses a host of bright, lively young people who need a break from gruelling wartime duty now and again.
From his absent expression, he could tell that Sherlock hadn’t really listened to him, and he decided to leave the matter until they had safely reached the valley again.
John looks at the tree-henge and frowns, before gazing back at Sherlock. “What’s so important about the trees? Why were they gone?”
“Lucy’s had a bad dream,” the boy, Edmund, announced, stepping into the building in his bright green wellingtons and gently dragging his sister after him. John estimated his age to be eight or nine, and his sister’s five or six.
“In one of Jenny’s drawers, I found this envelope containing a handkerchief smelling of perfume. Chanel No. 5, Eau de Parfum to be precise. Not her scent, mind, and one rather beyond what she’d been able to afford. It seemed a sentimental memento at the time, possibly a reminder of when she went to Harrods or Selfridges and tested the perfume, wondering whether she’d ever be able to afford it, or receive it as a gift, a token of love from her fiancé when they were still together. He seemed to have hailed from a wealthy family, would have been able to buy her expensive things. Her engagement ring indicated that. Anyway, I didn’t pay any further attention to the handkerchief at the time – another mistake, perhaps. It’s the little things, you see, always the little things.”
“So it would appear. Or rather, not on the line itself, but somewhere inside the latter station. It is possible that he slipped out again. Sherlock is known for trying his utmost to avoid surveillance, particularly when attempting something illegal.”
“Don’t apologise. Actually, I was hoping you’d say that. As much as I enjoyed what we did this morning, I haven’t entirely recovered from it yet.”
Sherlock thinks for a moment. “I was granted leave until the day after tomorrow, so we might as well spend the night in London or even here. This would leave us ample time to search the archive and even talk to the radio operators who took down the message, if they’re on duty today, or, if we stay here, tomorrow morning. What if we enquire about accommodation at the Inn, and ask for directions to Ivy Farm at the same time?”
“Experience as a detective isn’t necessary in your case. Your experience and status as a professional cyclist is, though. You know almost everybody in this year’s Tour de France, down to organisers and staff. You also know many of the old timers who have moved from active cycling to functioning as brand ambassadors,
Sherlock only gave a twitch of head, rose and disappeared into the main crypt, only to return an instant later with a small glass and a tea candle which he set on the table between them. John stared at him incredulously.
Sherlock simply shrugged. “It was the most expedient way of getting him to shut up and enable us to really look into the matter. And to perhaps save a life, if my suspicion proves true.”
A jolt like electricity races through Sherlock’s body. He doesn’t move away, though, just lets out another tremulous exhale.
In her hurry, she doesn’t bother with resting her bicycle against something but leaves it to crash onto the gravel as she rushes over to him. “Oh Sherlock, I’m so glad you’re already up and about. I was worried I was going to wake you, or give your landlady some wrong ideas.”
The respective parents and Peter’s reactions had been milder than the children seemed to have feared. There was a general round of hugs, and an announcement from Mrs. Brown – Anne’s and Kim’s mother – as well as Katie that the matter of the ‘abducted’ foal would be discussed in greater detail once they were back home. Peter assured the children that their action was not going to result in punishment since the foal was unhurt, as were the girls themselves.
Sherlock shakes his head. “One never really gets used to it. The resets always happen when I don’t expect them to. And the longer the period erased by the reset, the more unsettling it is.”
“That’s a good idea.” Studying the girl intensely, Sherlock feels compelled to ask. “Will you be all right, Tiffany?”
In his mind palace, someone has unlocked the gate to the Washington of 1987. Sherlock stands in front of it, feeling the warmth of a strong July sun. Grasshoppers are chirping in the short grass, a Chalkhill Blue flutters by. The wind carries a distinct smell of sheep. Their bleating can be heard in the distance. Sherlock hesitates. It’s too soon, he can’t deal with that now. Then there’s a sharp whistle, the joyous bark of a dog. Someone calls his name, the intonation strange, almost foreign. Sherlock swallows. Taking a deep breath, he opens the gate fully and steps through it.
“Nobody is trying to make you into anything, Sherlock,” returns John calmly. “It’s just easier to deal with people if you don’t step onto their toes constantly. They might actually begin to like you for a change.” He folds the poster and hands it over to Sherlock, then brushes past him and disappears down the stairs.
“Yes.” In a low voice, Sherlock gives her a brief account of the events at Knockholt the previous day, and earlier at Ilchester Place, and what they have learned since. John adds bits and pieces when he arrives with Molly’s drink. She looks shocked but also angry when they are done.
“He is dangerous, so much is clear,” confirmed Mycroft darkly, the sharp tone sending a chill down John’s spine, both of apprehension and thrill. “Ms. Adler admitted to meeting him once, but he was using an alias at the time. But she has contacts in high places all over the world, mostly people she has gathered some juicy information about they do not want to see exposed, and therefore was able to reap some favours to obtain more on him. Apparently he aroused her suspicion in connection with Sherlock.”
Sherlock chuckles softly. “I should think he’d be well equipped even without Fratelli’s doubtful services. Hand me the camera. I’m not entirely useless at lip-reading, but they’re too far away to see their features properly without the extra enlargement.”
Sherlock scanned John’s figure, which sent a trickle of ... something down his back. “Strictly speaking, neither of us has a healthy weight, John,” stated Sherlock matter-of-factly. “Both of us are underweight. It’s less extreme in you because of your stature and height, but most physicians would tell you to gain two stone or more. As for me, I have always been slender, but lost body mass when I began training for this race last year.”
is about to pass through in a moment, it might be a good idea to get on it – if you really feel okay enough to continue.”
“Just forget it,” mutters John, his ears flaming. He’s just let his jealousy get the better of him. Aware of Sherlock’s keen eyes on him, he increases his pace. Sherlock keeps up with him but doesn’t ask again. They continue on in silence, although John is aware of Sherlock shooting him questioning glances now and again. He feels like an utter idiot but doesn’t know what to say to say apart from sorry. Sherlock accepts his apology with a nod. John knows that the matter isn’t settled yet, that Sherlock will likely store it away in his massive brain and revisit it.
“Who are those experts?” enquires John as they make their way back towards the mill building. “Former riders and coaches?”
John barks out a short laugh as he picks up his own mobile and slips under the covers. “Well, I’m not opposed to him tasting some of his own vile medicine, either,” he says as he quickly reads James’ messages before putting his phone away, too. “Want me to read from the
“He is working on it,” says Sherlock, recalling his encounter with said author at Allen & Unwin Publishers a while ago.
Next to the church there was a museum dedicated to aluminium. John shook his head in wonderment as they cycled past. Who would seriously consider visiting a museum about aluminium, particularly in this area where there was such splendid countryside? Then again, Saint Michel was not merely a touristy place like Valloire, but housed some heavy industry along the river, some of it hydro-powered.
He’s never been able to tell where and especially when he’d end up. There doesn’t seem to be a law for it, or at least he never managed to determine one when he was still eager to experiment with his ... condition.
Harry makes a show of selecting a sauce for his pasta and not looking at John. His faint blush betrays him, however. “No idea what you’re talking about, John.”
She glances at the flowers and the humming insects and smiles. “Granny Weatherwax keeps bees, and she can share their minds, did you know that? ‘Borrowing’, that’s what she calls it. She can do it with other animals as well.”
When they arrived at Katie’s, Sherlock fetched his laptop from their room and withdrew into the living room, where he settled down in an armchair near the fireplace.
“Case, yes. A man was found severely ill with his stomach contents revealing a large portion of gingerbread – or the German variant of
Sherlock, too, feels his body switch into ‘fight-or-flight-mode’ again. John is right. He can hear faint sounds again that aren’t made by the wind. Footsteps on the stairs, the clang of cutlery, but without any indication of haste. More as if ... somebody is picking up the pieces and collecting them. The click and swoosh of a door being opened and closed. More footsteps. They’re coming closer, approaching up the corridor. Sherlock shut the door to his bedroom after joining John there. He switched off the light in the corridor. It’s on again now, a sliver of it shining through the gap under the bedroom door. It flickers slightly as shadows move.
“Interesting,” muses Sherlock. “Didn’t you mention that she – or rather her horse-breeding business – was affected, too?”
Sherlock drew a deep breath and off went the deduction. “You don’t have to work today hence you didn’t set your alarm and, for your standards, slept late which might also have been brought on by the stressful events of yesterday and your interrupted sleep last night. You were in no hurry this morning, evidenced by the several minutes you remained in bed, most likely enjoying the warmth and praising your lack of obligations today. Your relaxed attitude to this morning’s proceedings is further indicated by the fact you haven’t dressed yet but are still in your nightclothes. You have, however, donned a robe and a pair of your warm woollen socks. Given the capricious behaviour of the heating at the moment you couldn’t be sure that the flat was going to be warm enough without them. This means you were planning to spend some time in pyjamas before getting dressed properly, at least long enough for preparing and consuming a lengthy breakfast and reading the papers. You aren’t attired in your usual comfortable house wear, though, meaning you plan to go out at a point not too long after breakfast. The fact you haven’t showered or shaved rules out pursuits that would require you to make yourself presentable, at least according to your standards – for me you are presentable in any state. Therefore, it’s unlikely you are going to visit a museum or gallery today, or even take a stroll in the park or the Zoo, Camden or Hampstead Heath, or any other of your usual haunts. You did study the weather, though, which indicates planned outdoor activities, but none that require you to dress up or try and tame your hair. So, sport it is. The fact you were contemplating breakfast – you inspected the kitchen after leaving the bathroom, obviously to reassure yourself that I hadn’t created another mess there over night – before venturing out rules out running as you prefer to do that on an almost empty stomach to prevent cramps, meaning ... oh!”
“I need some more substantial consent, you know,” says John softly, his lips still only inches away from Sherlock’s nape.
John sighed again, running his free hand through his hair before facing up to Sherlock steadily. “Particularly when you don’t seem to be … don’t know … prepared … willing … considering – insert the appropriate verb – to follow through with things.”
“Katie – my friend – and I would really appreciate if you could have a look and perhaps offer your opinion,” Molly went on. “If you’re not too busy, that is. And if John doesn’t mind. We really don’t want to bother you, but —“
“Commander Denniston will see you in a moment, Miss Hooper, Dr. Watson and Mr. Holmes,” the secretary greets them, still typing at record speed. “Please, do take seats.”
John shakes his head, smiling. “You codebreakers really are a special breed. Still, your dislike of military duties and procedures aside, you do obey commands when you feel like it. This afternoon, you really disliked having me toddle behind you, having to show me around and even endure my company at work.”
Sherlock stares at him in shock. John takes another sip from his glass, licks his lips, before meeting Sherlock’s eyes squarely and flashing him a smile so roguish and impertinent that almost against his will, Sherlock feels his lips twitch in an answering one. Oh, he should have known. This is John in flirt-mode, and oh, he is good at it. John doesn’t have any hold-ups or denial about his sexuality in this timeline, then. It’s refreshing. And John’s charming confidence is incredibly attractive. For Sherlock, it’s almost as potent and devastating as when John pulls rank.
They resume kissing once they’ve reached the living room. It’s more intense now, their hands roaming over the other’s back and arms, with one of John’s even slipping as low as Sherlock’s backside. Sherlock tenses involuntarily – the touch is actually very nice and surprisingly okay. John withdraws the hand and interrupts the kiss.
Next to her stands her daughter Gwendolen, a tall, slender woman in her early thirties wearing upmarket riding clothes
“I need to think,” says Sherlock. It’s only partly true. Without further information, there isn’t much he can do about the case as he doesn’t want to fall into the trap of constructing theories without enough evidence. He feels John’s eyes on him. “Okay.” John doesn’t sound convinced.
Katie raised her eyebrows and smiled. “Susan and Peter have a pony trap. Maybe he’s gotten that ready.”
“If I knew, I wouldn’t confront you about it. Something about the shooter, perhaps. This whole case, it’s weird. It doesn’t make sense. But I suspect you already deduced more about Kerke and his connections than you let on.”
“I told her her wig wasn’t sitting straight and that I’d just seen her husband pat the backside of their son’s nanny. She stayed away from me afterwards.”
John nods and gazes out of the window again. His face is grave as he watches a man light another’s cigarette in front of the boarded up Royal Academy. He clenches his left hand as it rests on his leg.
He recalls the softer, t-shirt clad version of the man he encountered in their room last night, who seemed unsure whether it was okay to laugh at a joke, and who’d never shared a room before. John is certain that most of Sherlock’s haughty, outwardly confident, almost abrasive demeanour is a front, maybe to protect himself from hurt. Hurt from whom, though? The likes of Victor Trevor?
“Liar,” he hisses. “Lies, all of them. I don’t know what you are trying to achieve here, but wrongly accusing me of things I haven’t done won’t help you in any way. I have plenty of witnesses who saw how I received my injury. And what is even your point? Have you come to insult me? Piss off, all of you. I’m done with you lot.”
Returning the drawing to his notebook, he finally gets ready for bed, where he falls asleep surprisingly quickly. But he only sleeps for about an hour before a harsh sound wakes him. Groggily, he sits up, rubs his eyes and listens. He can’t be certain whether it was part of his dream, but it almost sounded like a scream, muffled by a pillow or similar. His suspicion that it has come from John’s room is confirmed when he hears a creak of bedsprings followed by footsteps and the dull thud of the window being shut. Then there are more footsteps. John’s door is opening, and a soft curse sounds when apparently, John slips on the rug that’s covering part of the corridor’s floor and which is notoriously slippery.
Together they ascended the stairs, but when John had reached the landing and was about to open the door to their living room, he felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm. An instant later the rest of consulting detective followed, crowding him against the wall. Sherlock’s eyes were dark. John swallowed at the intensity of his expression.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m fine. I guess you have a lot of things to file away in your mind palace now, and so have I. Not that I have a mind palace. More a shack, perhaps, compared to that grandiose structure of yours. Still, this has been quite an experience, for me as well. So it’s perfectly okay for me to stay like this for now. Also, I could do with a bit of sleep, to be honest.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “We’ve been over all this, John. It’s okay. We’re good. Despite everything, I want you in my life. And in my bed, apparently,” he adds with a grin, squeezing John’s shoulder. “And not because I’m trying to punish myself for something, or think I deserve to be hurt, but because you make me happy.”
John sighed. The previous winter he had spent neither in this room nor in this flat. He’d fled the place because of the ghost of Sherlock lingering in the bullet holes of the smiley face downstairs, the science equipment on the kitchen table, and the silk dressing gown hanging from a hook in his bedroom. It had been too much to bear, too oppressive in its silence and lack of a living, breathing, chaos-wreaking Sherlock in all his brilliance and glory.
“Ah well,” sighs the first. “Let’s hope there’ll be some bacon and real coffee for breakfast at least. That’ll make things bearable.”
Stretching carefully so as not to dislodge or wake John, he fishes a packet of plasters out of the drawer of his bedside table and sticks a small one onto the mole. Just to be on the safe side. One never knows what might otherwise happen during the night. Switching off the bedside lamp, he curls around a peacefully sleeping John and closes his eyes.
His eyes are sparkling. Whatever nerves or anxiety he must be feeling he hides well. John is grateful for the silliness. It eases his own worries about getting this wrong, about overstepping Sherlock’s boundaries and going too fast. But Sherlock is giggling happily, he is definitely enjoying himself. And perhaps this is the way forward: to take the monumental shift in their relationship seriously but not get weighed down by it, to get closer to the other while having silly fun at the same time.
John nods. He thinks he understands perfectly. It’s part of the reason why he still endures this circus and all the hardship that comes with it as well, year after year, each time hoping that he’ll be among those chosen to be included, to be picked for the team, his trepidation of missing out mounting the older he gets. “Was this the only reason? To prove to yourself that you were still fast and strong enough to take on the younger riders?”
“Now here’s perhaps the biggest surprise of the 2018 Tour de France,” says the host. “Sherlock Holmes, doubtlessly the defining rider of the 2007 Tour, when he won two individual time trials, the team time trial, the white jersey of the best young rider, and came fourth overall, now making a come back with Team Speedy’s/Sussex Honey more than ten years after he quit professional cycling. Sherlock, what made you return after so many years?”
Grinning, John reached for his rucksack and began unpacking their provisions. “Might I tempt you to some leftover pizza bread as well?” he asked.
Sherlock shrugs. He loves this. It’s brilliant, lying here with John, feeling his warm body next to his, smelling the scent of John’s shampoo mixed with his own, engaging in silly banter. “It’s just another commercialised holiday.”
Sherlock huffs softly, amused and encouraged by John’s words. “The licking thing? You have to be more precise, John. Do you mean ... this?”
“Moran’s got himself some wily law people,” Lestrade goes on. “Went to try and question him this morning, after he’d been transferred to a holding cell at Scotland Yard proper from Kensington Police Station, but he’s dried up completely. Didn’t even rage at me anymore. It was odd.” He frowns for a moment, clearly occupied by something, then shakes his head.
Sherlock glances at him, his eyes narrowed in thought. “I am not so sure about what you replied, though.”
Sherlock shakes his head. John’s proximity is distracting. He should be concentrating on their surroundings instead of revelling in John’s warmth, his scent, and the feel of his body close to his. “I wanted this,” he admits. “Still want it.”
“Liar,” laughs John. “You cycle to work every day, and your dancing yesterday showed you’re quite fit. Our leisurely walk here shouldn’t get you hot and bothered. But don’t worry, I won’t dig any deeper into the mysterious workings of your heart if it flusters you so much.”
As quickly as his tired legs allow, he makes his way downstairs, passing by the restaurant in the hopes of meeting Mrs. Turner, who has been working together with the hotel’s kitchen staff to prepare today’s evening meal. Luck is with him again. He finds her in conversation with the hotel’s manager and the chef. They’re probably making last plans for breakfast.
Like the others, he is already wearing his aerodynamic time trial suit, so tight that it looks painted on. John doesn’t like them, preferring the regular gear which is already tight but a lot more comfortable, but he has to admit that on some people, it adds to their overall appearance. Sherlock is one of them. John is surprised how often he catches himself glancing over to his mysterious team- and roommate. He tries to explain his interest – or fascination, rather, because that’s what it is – with the overall novelty, and with Sherlock’s unusual ways. The man is undoubtedly a genius, but there’s also a strange, almost touching vulnerability about him, something John feels an urge to protect. Also, if a little of that interest is just enjoying the view ... well, what of it? It’s not as if John is ever going to act on it. Nope. No, thank you kindly. He’s learned his lesson in that department. No need for a repeat. And also, Sherlock wouldn’t be interested anyway, John is convinced.
“What for? The riddle is solved. The rest is simple police procedure. They can do a little work themselves, don’t you think?”
John shook his head, smiling. “All this from tanlines? Impressive. By the way, you’re sporting some pretty funny ones yourself. Particularly on your nose.”
The door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat has opened and she is peeking out, wearing a fluffy dressing gown over her nightdress. “Good morning, dear,” she greets him. “You’re off early. Busy times at work?”
“Ah, okay,” murmured John sleepily, settling into his pillow again. He dimly noticed how the mattress dipped when Sherlock got into bed, but by the time the consulting detective had finished rummaging in his bag for something, John had fallen asleep.
A bombshell of a revelation bursts at breakfast: Victor Trevor has left the race. His team’s official statement has just been released to several media outlets and on the team’s website. In it, Victor and the team express their regret, but explain the decision with Victor’s struggle the previous day which was chiefly caused by complications arising from an insect bite. Speculations that Victor might step back from pro-cycling for good are not mentioned. Anthea has promptly dug out several reactions from other riders and teams as well as sports commentators. Most agree that it was a wise decision given his obvious problems during the last stage.
“That won’t be necessary. I’m fine, John. Also, we need to get to Knockholt today. We mustn’t delay any further.”
Caught up in research, he only notices John again when he places a hand on his shoulder and holds a mug of tea under his nose. “You haven’t listened to a word I said, have you?” he complains gently.
“Yeah, they do. Hope Moran won’t pull a stunt like last year again. He almost caused a crash on the descent from the Col de la Madeleine because he was riding so dangerously.”
John dug an elbow in his side to shut him up. “Sherlock, it’s a fairytale. The cat is as large as a coach and can open its side to form doors and can make furry benches and seats inside it. It’s eyes are the headlights, and it can fly, too, and run along overhead power lines. Normal people don’t see it and think it’s just a gust of wind when it rushes past. Enough information? If so, then shut the hell up and go to sleep.”
Turning onto his back with a groan and stretching lazily, “You’re disgustingly chipper for a man who nearly passed out after yesterday’s stage,” rumbles Sherlock. “Feeling better, I take it?”
“They’re going to look for a body?” asked Sherlock, and John smiled to himself, knowing that the other’s interest had been piqued. “But the protagonists are all children.”
Suddenly angry, he stuffs the can into his pack and moves on towards the northern edge of the grove. The trees are slightly lower there, but stand denser. Some are shaped oddly, their trunks winding like snakes. Sherlock wonders what made them grow in this fashion. He finds one where the trunk is shaped like a natural seat. He climbs up and sits down, enjoying the slight sway of the tree. Leaning back against the smooth bark, his naked feet dangling, Sherlock gazes around. The view to the north is spectacular. The ground falls steeply so that nothing blocks the vista of fields, meadows, small farms, trees and hedgerows. In the distance, a plume of smoke rises up. Somebody is burning something. A flash of light indicates a passing car, or a window being closed at a distant house. Sherlock wishes he had a map to look up what the faint blue line of hills he can see in the distance is called, and how far away London lies.
Sherlock is on the finishing stretch now. Greg in the car behind him must have updated him on his time, moreover he is in range now to hear the moderator lose his shit about the extraordinarily fast time. The cameraperson on the motorcycle accompanying him makes sure to get a close-up of his expression when, shortly before the finishing line, he lifts his head and gazes directly into the lens, as if to show the world that yes, Sherlock Holmes is back. He doesn’t lift his hand in victory or anything of the kind, simply rushes cross the finishing line with a margin of 13 seconds – a serious one by prologue standards.
“Actually, I think we truly are. Because this is how it’s supposed to be, you know, at least in my book. Fun. Sex is supposed to be fun. Of course we’re both nervous and also rather turned on, but ... I like it like this. I really, really do.” He swallowed. “I like seeing you so relaxed and happy, silly even. You always try so hard to hide this side of yours. You’ve no idea how beautiful you are when you allow yourself to laugh like this, to just be yourself, to not try and control things for once.”
When Sherlock passed them by, riding at a gentle tölt now, John saw that his cheeks were flushed and his eyes shining. He looked elated, like after the successful solution of a difficult case (or, John thought with a warm and slightly smug smile, a thorough snogging session). Gradually slowing the horse, Sherlock rode over to them, patting Fenja’s dark neck.
He straightened in the saddle and drew a deep breath. John braced himself for the inevitable rush of deductions which Sherlock delivered at lightning speed, but always articulate and precise.
There is no sign of the man himself. The scent of his shampoo lingers in the room, however. Sherlock must already have taken a shower and is probably getting his massage right now, as well as a thorough check-up from Sarah. John simply drops what he is carrying – water bottle, helmet, a small bag with energy bars – and totters into the bathroom. A cloud of warm, humid air greets him, smelling of Sherlock. John breathes in deeply, chides himself for doing so, and decides he can’t be arsed to care. Stripping off his sweat-soaked, grimy garments takes far longer than it should because of his trembling fingers. Seated on the closed toilet, he struggles with his footwear. His left leg cramps painfully when he tries to kick off the shoe. He hisses with pain. Not a good portend for the next stage. At least the muscles didn’t cramp during the stage, although it was a close call.
Apparently, Sherlock can’t bear to sit still for much longer, though. When John is almost done with his own warm up, he joins him and some of the other riders in the tent and mounts his stationary bike. John grins at him. Sherlock smiles back before assuming position and beginning to pedal. John leaves him to it, only now and again sneaking glances at him. When he is sufficiently warmed up, however, he dismounts and walks over.
“Although it won’t be that hot higher up in the mountains,” he added. “I reckon we’ll be needing our jackets for the descent. I just hope there won’t be any sudden snow.”
, who is overseeing the reconstruction of the drive and the landscaped stone and gravel monstrosity supposedly meant to resemble a garden, they left for London the previous day to escape the noise and dirt of the repairs. Explaining their purpose, Sherlock and John are allowed to survey the damage, most of which has already been mitigated by the team’s work.
Sherlock frowns. “Oh, it’s easy to talk for you. You don’t have to go to school, do you? Ah well, let’s not argue. I ...,” he swallows, “I’ve brought some things for you. The chess-set. You can keep it, if you want. Teach your brother, maybe.”
“Of course. John, I don’t blame you at all for what happened to me. The accident was my fault and nobody else’s. So stop beating yourself up over it, if that’s what you’re still doing. And as for whatever you have or haven’t going with Sherlock, I wish you all the best for winning him over. Strikes me as odd that he’s managed to resist the Watson charm for so long, particularly at such close quarters.”
Something clicks in Sherlock’s mind. He studies the photograph again. “Rivers, Rivers,” he muses. “Unusual name.”
She let out a long breath, her shoulders sagging again as if her last bit of energy had been drained. She looked as if she was about to faint. John reacted faster than Lestrade and Sherlock, stepping over to her and helping her to sit down on the nearby stairs. He looked up at Sherlock imploringly. Sherlock thought he understood.
“I need a case,” Sherlock stated darkly, frustration and even a hint of desperation plain in his voice.
“No, you are not. But your interest in my brother exceeds that of a mere teammate.” He holds up a hand to forestall John’s protest. “I could list a number of observations that led to this deduction. I am also aware of your
On the other hand, the man’s ability to deduce things based on mere observation is remarkable. His intense gaze when talking about the outcome of today’s prologue flashes through John’s mind. Sherlock was so ... confident.
Aroused as they both were, it did not take long for either of them to reach orgasm once they began to kiss and touch in earnest. Yet for John – and likely for Sherlock, too, given that he never seemed to delete anything to do with John –, those minutes would forever be imprinted in his memory as one of the most intensely intimate encounters he’d ever had. He knew he would always remember the heat and friction, the scent and taste of Sherlock, the deep rumble in his chest as he moaned, his gasps and sighs, and particularly the way he called John’s name when he climaxed, spilling hotly over John’s hand in the tight space between their bodies. John quickly followed suit, pressed up against Sherlock’s body, his lips on his throat and his face half hidden in the crook of his sweaty neck, hissing his name when the wave of white-hot pleasure rushed through him and left him panting.
She snorts. “I will. Wonder how he knows so much about them. Because he was perfectly right about the warm water. Sunflowers like that. Can you reach your knife – how the hell does he even know you have one?”
Nobody felt the need to make conversation during the short drive to Katie’s cottage. John was actually glad about the quiet and sat staring out of the window at the distant fireworks that were illuminating the rainy sky over Rendlesham.
Reaching into his pocket, he withdraws the packet of white powder, gazes at it. If he’s careful, if he portions it wisely, it’ll last him for months. He can function better with it, can keep the black dog at bay, can work on finding an occupation for himself that’ll keep his mind from tearing itself apart. Placing his attacker’s phone on the stones of the monument, he steps down and melts into the darkness under the trees of Hyde Park.
“Go ahead. But be careful.” With some apprehension, John watched as Sherlock cautiously undid the tape that held the wrapping paper together. Inside was a stiff envelope, which he opened as well and looked inside. “Three sheets of paper, two of them photographs.”
“Personal interest, indeed?” John eyed him sidelong and smiled. “So you fancy uniforms, eh?” he teased.
Sherlock turns to him. “Not bored, intrigued. You are right, it’s about time we converted 221C into a usable space, and now’s the perfect opportunity. Also,” he adds, “I have plenty of experience putting up shelves. You might go so far as to consider me an expert.” He winks at John and disappears down the corridor.
Lestrade is studying him from narrowed eyes. “Uncanny is one way of putting it,” he muses. “Pretty disrespectful another. But you’re right with what you’ve deduced. Do you do that at crime scenes, too? Can you look at a murder victim and read their life-story in their clothes and jewellery?”
“I hope not. One never knows, of course, but I can very well imagine us in thirty, forty years’ time, you with grey hair and glasses and gnarly fingers, and I with one of these posh wooden canes and a hearing aid, bickering like always.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and suppresses a sigh. He has actually reckoned with resistance of this kind, and has been mildly astonished that it hasn’t come sooner and more forcefully.
Returning quickly to the body, he studied her face and particularly her mouth, only to find his suspicions confirmed. Even in death a faded rash could still be seen around her lips. “Sherlock,” he called. “I may have found something.” He held up the labello and indicated her lips.
muses John as they pass through another beautiful village where, completely unimpressed by the cheering crowds and the general excitement of the Tour de France turning the place into a carnival, a group of elderly people are playing a slow game of
When John reaches for the shower to rinse off the shampoo, Sherlock stays his hand with his own. “You may wash the rest of me, too,” he rumbles. Standing in front of John with his head cast back and his eyes closed, his hair crowned with soft foam, he looks incredibly sexy and incredibly daft at the same time.
“It could be. I’m not sure, though, hence my question. You know that I’m not experienced with these things.”
“And all of that for a cheap trophy after a race,” added John, shaking his head. “Still, the coroner should have looked more closely at the haematocrit.”
Sherlock looks up from his laptop when John returns. “Harry sends greetings,” John tells him. “She’s been screaming into my ear for twenty minutes now how brilliant she thinks me having a boyfriend is.”
“I didn’t know what to wear,” he tells Sherlock when after a quick bite, they step out of the house and ready their bicycles, “but since this is supposed to be an official – or at least official looking – visit, I thought I’d put on something appropriate. I’m not required to don my uniform, am I?”
Lestrade huffs. “Too mundane, eh? Too many rules and paperwork? Perhaps you should get yourself a mask and a cape and haunt the city like one of those American comic book heroes. That bat fellow, for example. One of my sergeants reads them all the time.”
“Yes. That’s why I’m shaving here. One of the girls is taking a bath. It’s going to take a while, she informed me. There’s still water left in the pitcher, if you don’t mind washing here. It’s somewhat unfortunate because of the toilet, though. I was lucky to slip in before her bath was drawn. There’s the outhouse downstairs, but I guess you wouldn’t want to rush down there in your underwear.”
Sherlock nods. Then another thought strikes him and he almost stumbles. “John,” he begins, hating how tremulous his voice sounds of a sudden.
he thinks grimly. He’s prepared his device for the eventuality of it landing in the hands of unwholesome folk. They’ll be lucky if it doesn’t blow up into their faces.
“Oh, John, good to know you’ve made it here all right,” Molly beams at him. “That’s four out of five accounted for. Let me get you a towel, jacket and some tights, and something to cover your hair.”
Sherlock nods. “Yes, they are. But it’s not a problem. I’m a light sleeper. The birds would have woken me soon, anyway.”
“You obviously sought a deserted spot and didn’t know Victor and I had agreed to meet just here. There’s no need to leave now, after you two have been ... chatting already.”
John pinches his side, making him gasp and squirm. “Oi, you. You have to admit that you sent conflicting signals for a long time.”
That is until two years later when Redbeard dies. Somehow, he manages to escape from the Holmes’ garden, runs onto the street and is hit by a car. Father finds him. Sherlock stands in the shed where his body has been brought, gazing at his beloved dog through tear-filled eyes and wishes and wishes and wishes that he could be switched back to earlier in the day when he left for school and probably did not lock the gate properly. He knows it’s his fault. He knows it, and it hurts so much. Redbeard doesn’t have any visible injuries. Father said the impact must have broken his neck and that he died instantly and without suffering. But that’s little solace. Sherlock is convinced that without his negligence, Redbeard would still be alive.
John frowned for a moment at the strange statement before realisation dawned and he felt a jolt in his chest. How could this strange, often abrasive and difficult man be so utterly dear and adorable at the same time? He smiled. “Is that so?”
“That I appreciate you as a friend, Molly, but that unfortunately, I don’t return your romantic feelings for me. I’m maybe, probably, gay. And asexual – sort of ... still figuring it out. So ... sorry.”
“It’s only been a day. Tiltman and his team have been working on Tunny for months. I doubt they’ve made any significant headway with the new information as yet,” says Sherlock.
“Can you describe him, or do you know whether she kept a photograph of him, too?” asks Sherlock. “How long ago was this encounter?”
“Should be a piece of cake,” Sally tells them. “You’ve worked together well today. Keep up the good work, guys – and ladies, too.” She waves at Irene and Kate and Sarah, and Anthea who’s the team’s PR person. Molly and her team of mechanics are not on the bus but riding in the team’s cars that carry the bicycles.
to. He enjoys it, even. How brilliant is this? The one and only person Sherlock is in love with loves him back. It’s a marvel that even with his splendid intellectual faculties he finds difficult to comprehend.
“Most inconvenient. I should be concentrating on my special discipline. Instead, I’m thinking about you.” Despite his words, he leans into John’s touch.
Sherlock shakes his head, groans again, before pushing himself off the sofa. Immediately, John is at his side, putting down the mug and reaching out to steady him. Sherlock swats at his hand, almost on instinct, but then leans on him gratefully. His legs feel like jelly, despite his sleep he is groggy. Everything hurts.
“Well, you should know,” returned John smugly. “After all, you’re the one profiting from them now. Things like proper kissing, for example. Sucking on your lower lip, or that tongue thing that always causes you to grip me more tightly and growl a little.”
John looks alarmed for a second, but then nods. “Yes. Nothing happened,” he adds quickly. “I mean, how could it? He was my commanding officer and all that.”
“Well, we’re about to find that out, aren’t we?” stated Sherlock, lifting his phone towards the window and shaking his head irritably, the connection apparently having died yet again.
“Well, perhaps he should make an effort, too,” Molly fell in, “instead of alienating his technicians and other teammates right away. Have a chat with Sarah and ask her how he reacted to her check up this morning. I can deal with upstart riders trying to be smartarses when it comes to technical stuff. Even you tried to pull that one on me four years ago when I was the newbie on this team. But Sarah didn’t take it too well, I heard. I think she even complained to Greg.” She cocked her head, watching John with a thoughtful expression. “You like him, though. Holmes, I mean. Don’t you, John?”
Sherlock is tired. The excitement and emotional upheaval of the past few days as well as his injuries have left traces. His neck is sore, his back and leg hurt dully, and a headache has begun to develop, a reminder of his concussion, made worse by sitting hunched over for so long, and dehydration. Carefully, he rolls his shoulders and stands. His stomach rumbles. And yes, he needs the toilet rather badly, he notices. Next to him, John chuckles softly.
Although he would have liked to take his time in the shower, particularly because he again shares it with Sherlock, John knows they can’t linger. Sherlock isn’t in the mood for anything amorous, anyway, but allows John to wash him and seems to enjoy it, judging from the content sounds he makes. Massages are quick and functional, too. Mike promises to come round again in the evening once they’ve settled into their hotel in Paris after the transfer should anybody require an additional session. But since most rides didn’t go all-out in the time trial and are probably planning on an easy ride tomorrow, at least for most of the stage, John doubts any are going to take him up on his offer.
“No, it’s fine. I can lean on you and hope you’ll prop me up when my leg gets worse. I like standing here with you, looking at this fascinating star. Hope they won’t get into trouble because they’re ignoring the blackout. Do you know who lives there, in the flat with the star in the window?”
“I take it there’s a lot of backstory to this,” John said quietly, “and given I know so little about your childhood, perhaps now would be a good time to tell me. You said your father has been away for most of your life and that now, suddenly, he’s back, and obviously desires to talk to you and you refuse ... I’d really like to understand what’s going on, and why.”
the British government. Who do you think was instrumental in retrieving Churchill from his self-imposed exile and reinstating him in office when a leader figure was needed for the war effort instead of Chamberlain? Who engineered the abdication of Edward in favour of his brother’s ascendancy to the throne? Mycroft pulls the strings – and not just behind our government. He has numerous connections abroad, too. I think his current endeavour is to get the Americans to actively support us against Germany.”
“I’ll be off, too,” he excuses himself. “Hope there’s something to find in the quarry. Keep me in the loop of anything you find, Sherlock.”
John lets out a shaky breath but smiles all the same. “Excellent,” he says and kisses Sherlock. “That’s all I need to know.”
“Yeah, I know what I mean. And no problem, Sherlock. I hope to ride a good time trial tomorrow – and enjoy it as much as I can – but I won’t ride to win any prizes. But if there’s anything I can do for you now, please tell me. If you need more space, I can move to the other bed.”
With each bend, John considers giving up. He has already done more than his due. But then he catches a glimpse of Sherlock’s haggard yet determined face and he keeps going.
John comes over to stand next to Sherlock, close enough for him to feel his warmth. He eyes the briefcase with interest and a hint of trepidation. Sherlock wonders if he senses what it contains. He is quite sure of what’s inside. After all, he initiated this particular research about a month ago. It was motivated by the desire to ease John’s grief over the loss of his family, to provide him with information about their whereabouts and thus enable him to act if he chooses to, not simply react to what’s thrust on him. In retrospect, Sherlock wonders if the decision was wise. It is going to upset the status quo – right now when John’s and his relationship is deepening, when they are increasingly open and trusting with each other. But what’s been done has been done.
He draws himself up haughtily. “I certainly won’t need any ‘first hand experience’ to know that what you are accusing me of it completely off the point.” One of her eyebrows quirks at this but she refrains from commenting.
“I didn’t lie when I said women aren’t my area. I’ve never been involved with one, only ever kissed one because it was necessary for a case. I didn’t enjoy it – well, the case was all right, only the kissing wasn’t. I’ve never been in love, never wanted to be. My experience with ... physical things is nonexistent. I know the theory, of course, but lack knowledge of all practical application. I am sure you noticed that when we kissed.”
“Yes, thank you, Mr. Holmes,” the older officer returned somewhat testily, apparently feeling his authority undermined by Sherlock’s assertiveness. “But we do know how to do our job.” John thought that actually, the man should count himself lucky as he hadn’t been exposed to a Sherlock in his full fearsome glory. Still, even this mellowed version was likely to rub people up the wrong way, although these two officers had admittedly held out much better than a number of London’s finest. Nobody had tried to punch or handcuff Sherlock yet, which John counted as a success.
John chooses not to point out how Sherlock seems to be breathing very deeply indeed while ‘thinking’.
“Yes,” replied Sherlock, looking at John warmly. John assumed that his compliments had touched him. Even though he truly had no reason for believing he was ugly and indeed often used his looks to his advantage when it came to beguiling witnesses, John knew by now that deep down, Sherlock felt insecure about ... well, many things, his outward appearance among them. John vowed to remind him of how stunning he truly was more often.
“Good. For now, thank you. We will return to London shortly. I’ll let you know about our next performances there, in case you and your dear doctor would like to come. Bring Molly, too, and her friends.”
Sherlock shakes his head, grinning. “I haven’t forgotten or deleted anything to do with you, John. Remember my mind palace. Your wing is still there, and it won’t ever be torn down. But who tells you I haven’t been practising my tickling skills?”
He is almost done when he hears the door downstairs slam shut. A jolt of adrenaline rushes through Sherlock. He knows who has just arrived. Against his will, he tenses. He scolds himself. The arrival of his cousin shouldn’t affect him so. After all, they’re not children anymore, and he isn’t the person with the missing daughter and the failing marriage. Nevertheless, try as he might, he can’t seem to rid himself of the memories. Standing in Daniel’s old room with the dratted wardrobe and the same view over the front yard out of the window, it’s hard to shake off sentiment.
Sherlock shrugs. “There could be a number of reasons. It’s too early to make assumptions. It could be anything from a lovers’ quarrel to the betrayal of state secrets.”
Sherlock smiles. Still too keyed up to fall asleep, he reaches for his phone and pulls off the loading cable.
John smiles fondly at him. “I would rather hope so. But I’m all for taking things slowly,” he agrees. “That is, if you want this at all. Whatever this is, romance or no. With me.”
He’d happily announce to the entire world that he’s head over heels in love with Sherlock Holmes. Something about the way Sherlock steals glances at him tells him that Sherlock wouldn’t mind, that he’d even be pleased and proud to have John announce they’re a couple. It’s still too early to go public, of course, but the thought of doing so some day in the not so distant future fills John with a mix of wild, anxious excitement mixed with a good measure of dread.
is eyeing him cautiously. Obviously, the film contains material from a previous assignment he doesn’t want to lose. Meanwhile, two policemen have joined the small group, ready to interfere should the need arise.
Rehab is horrible. The boredom almost kills him – at least it feels that way. He makes the mistake of trying to quit cocaine and smoking at the same time. It’s an utter nightmare. Thankfully, another inmate suggests trying out nicotine patches to counteract the worst cravings. Sherlock finds them helpful, uses more than he should, but at least his lungs recover, and the patches keep him from relapsing.
“John,” he calls out as a warning, his head jerking up as his eyes fly open. John manages to lift his head just in time to avoid catching Sherlock’s discharge in his face. He strokes Sherlock through his orgasm, scooting up to be able to kiss him. Sherlock can taste some bitterness on his tongue as he shakes through his climax, panting for breath between kisses. This has been unlike those orgasms he’s had before, far more intense. What was left of the original construction of his mind palace has been utterly shattered now. But interestingly, he doesn’t mind as he relaxes into the sheets, his heart still hammering in his chest, his limbs feeling strangely heavy and yet light, as if he’s made of lead and floating at the same time.
Vanessa steps over to the shelves and checks them. “I can’t keep them all apart. She has so many. But I think the last one she was reading was the final novel in her favourite series. Something with a shepherd, I think.”
Ray nods slowly. “The Woman has arrived. Told her to meet you back here to talk about her pieces. Also, the chaps in there are getting restless.”
Sherlock muses. The two men stand very close, seem familiar and comfortable with each other. Sherlock wonders whether John is reflecting on their encounter in the alley. Is he troubled by what happened, or almost happened? He certainly didn’t seem so in the moment, nor shortly afterwards. On the contrary, Sherlock interpreted his behaviour as unrepentant, joyful and a little mischievous, feelings he himself shares wholeheartedly. Still, the question remains whether somebody other than Mycroft’s underling spotted them. John seems apprehensive of the possibility. Sherlock is still unsettled by the sudden light. What if it was the flash of a camera? What if Riley of
My apologies for the long delay. Real life and two other fics interfered with the writing of this one. However, I've already made progress on the following chapters, so hopefully the next update won't take as long. Thanks for your patience, dear readers.
“Follow me,” John yells to him, and sprints, punching the highest gear he can, his knees, elbow and left shoulder exploding with pain and his muscles screaming because of the high built up of acid during the last few kilometres. For a moment, he isn’t sure if Sherlock has heard at all. John sprints past a grim looking Moran, pulls even with Trevor for an instant, but the younger man is faster and stronger, and is moreover using his larger frame and longer legs and time trial stamina to his advantage. Just when John thinks he can’t go any further, a flash of yellow to his right makes his heart soar. Sherlock has used his slipstream to accelerate as much as he can, and now he soars past John, past Victor Trevor, towards the finish. John stops pedalling, lets himself be swallowed up by the sprinters surging up around him like a wave. He tries to catch the excited voice of the commentator over the cheers of the crowd when ahead under the banner marking the finish line, two thin arms in short yellow sleeves and large, red-gloved hands fly up.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitch in a smile. “Ah, but retrieving your phone from the bedside table would require movement. Also ... don’t you think they might get the wrong idea?”
“No, never. Only that it was secret. I didn’t ask. We talked about music, or shows in London. Or films. Or the latest fashions and how the war messes up normal life and makes it difficult to get nice things, like silk stockings. She did seem rather tired when I met her last, and I remember asking her about it, but she said she had to work extra shifts.”
rather nice, wasn’t it? He thinks he wouldn’t have minded had it lasted longer, or even some further exploration.
Sherlock glared at him and sniffed disdainfully. “Don’t be ridiculous, John,” he said, but he was smiling as he uttered the words.
He shuddered. “It was disgusting, John. I had pretended to come over as seductive yet coy, and it had worked like a charm. Suddenly he was all over me, and at first I let him, hoping for the drug to take effect. But it didn’t. It didn’t work. And I needed access to the safe in his private cabin that contained his laptop. I was torn between playing along, waiting, and knocking him out forcefully. Or just bolting, just to get rid of him. He didn’t even seem to notice that I didn’t reciprocate. I had done my research, of course. I knew how I could – should – have distracted him, how I should have played along. My theoretical knowledge of these things is quite … extensive. I had even found out what he liked. It wasn’t difficult to learn about his preferences. But in the situation, confronted with having to put my knowledge into practice, I found I couldn’t use any of it.”
John collapses on top of him, heavy and sated and a bit sticky, his quick breaths fanning over Sherlock’s throat and collarbone.
John laughs and burrows closer, dropping a kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Yep, that we have. Took us ages, but we’ve got our shit together now. Do you have any wishes for tomorrow?”
During all this time, John was standing tensely staring down Mr. Holmes, who was doing his best to meet his furious gaze defiantly and failing. Listening to the sound of the front door, which, surprisingly, didn’t come, John advanced a step, noticing to his grim delight how the other eyed him suspiciously and not without worry. Apparently Mr. Holmes wasn’t sure whether he might not still receive a clap round the ears or a bloody nose for his insolence. John decided to let him stew for a moment longer.
“I see. So I guess my nice winter socks ended up in one of your experiments because you needed woollen fibres or what?”
will be waiting at the pass to replenish their drinks as there is no way to reach a team car right now. The road is narrow as it climbs through patchy woodlands of beech and fir, and along sparse highland meadows and short lawns where goats and cattle are roaming freely, their bells tolling occasionally. Even though the passes the riders are climbing today and their surrounding mountains are less high than those of the Alps – the Col de Pailhères lies at 2001 metres, just above the treeline – and their sides are less rocky, with fewer show-fields visible on their northern sides, the landscape feels wilder, more remote – even though right now, this remoteness is severely undermined by the spectacle of the Tour de France. The road is fenced in by the masses of onlookers to both sides whenever the landscape allows for their presence – sometimes, the verges don’t leave space for people or their parked vehicles. But wherever they have found a spot, their cries of
John’s elbow digs into his side. Sherlock gasps softly. “Oi. Greg is pretty competent, or he wouldn’t have made DI.” He chuckles. “You know, it’s kinda fitting that the ghost should come to haunt us now – if it really is a ghost.”
Excited applause, laughter, and loud hoots and whistles sound from the crowd, almost drowned out by cries of “Oh yes, do come and fix us, Jimmy,” from a group of women who seem to be slightly inebriated.
“It’s past midnight,” he says absently, pausing the video and shutting the laptop to put it onto the floor next to his side of the bed. John scoots down until he is lying flat on his back. One of his bare legs accidentally brushes against Sherlock’s when he, too, is settling down on his back. Like John he is wearing t-shirt and boxers to bed. He feels Sherlock tense briefly. Neither withdraws his leg, though.
“That she wasn’t murdered,” Sherlock finishes her sentence. “It was wise of you to tell her that,” he adds. “Good thinking, Molly.”
Lowering his voice a little, his expression turning serious, John added, “I was worried about you, you know. These past days, seeing you so obviously stressed and unhappy. Worse still, I didn’t know how to help. It’s better now.”
Wiggins turns to Sherlock again. “Yeah, so there was me watchin’ that posh ‘ouse yestereve, as you’d told me to. Police ‘ad cleared off earlier, but some chaps from the papers were millin’ about until the ‘ousekeeper told ‘em to leg it. She was very strict, and so eventually, they did. Short time after, there’s a chap comin’ up the street, gets out a key and gets into the car and drives off without switchin’ on them ‘eadlights. Smallish bloke, posh coat and fancy shoes, two-coloured like. Wore an ’at too, and ‘cause it was dark, I couldn’t see his face, could I?”
Not feeling like joining Kit and some of the others for an evening stroll through Albi, he opts to head out on his own. Many of the roads the time trial will run along are already closed for traffic, with the vast team of Tour de France security, tradespeople and traffic control staff putting up barricades under the eyes of curious onlookers, some of whom look ready to camp out next to the barricades for the best spots. With the weather dry and warm and no portents of the impending bad weather visible in the clear skies yet, many people are still out and about. John expects large crowds to congregate in town the next day to watch the race.
John chuckles. “Not today, it seems. So sleep if you want to. We got so little last night, and I know you’re totally knackered from your ride today.”
Holmes frowns for a moment as if the concept is utterly alien to him. “Oh.” He dumps his bags on the floor, gazes at John defiantly. “I don’t want or need idle chatter. Sometimes, I don’t talk for extended periods of time and require to be left in peace then. I don’t care what’s on the television, so if you want to lay claim to the remote, help yourself. I didn’t expect to have to share a room. Normally, I don’t. Therefore, I’m not familiar with the rules of cohabitation. Don’t expect me to be a model roommate. As you can see, I may bring my bike to my room for modifications. I play the violin from time to time, when I need to think.”
Sherlock frowns at him, looking positively annoyed for an instant, before his mood changes entirely and he, too, starts to laugh heartily. They sway against each other, the towel slipping to the floor when John lets go of it and shifts his hands to Sherlock’s hips right above the waistband of his shorts, making him gasp softly and press closer. He pulls John’s towel off, too, and then his lips are on John’s again, gentle but insistent. As much as John’s body cries out to advance things quickly, to get both out of their boxers and move over to the bed, he reminds himself to maintain control of his urges and let Sherlock lead in this.
A phone-call at 3:54 ends their anxious vigil. Charlie has been found by people from the fire brigade, who discovered him hiding under a fallen tree in Dulas Brook, wet to the skin, shivering and babbling nonsense. Apart from scratches and bruises and possibly the beginnings of hypothermia, he seems all right. They call an ambulance regardless, mostly because of his mental state, and send Charlie to Hereford Hospital. Gwen’s sister and friends have arrived by then, too, and offer to drive her there as she’s in no state to operate a car. She thanks John and Sherlock profusely for staying with her and promises to update them on her fiancé’s status in the morning.
“Yes, apart from Wiggins. Either, he wasn’t invited, or he begged out, pretending exhaustion or some other small ailment.”
Sherlock is about to slip into the room, but John holds him back by his sleeve. “What if the mechanics return?” he whispers urgently. “The fact the corridor light is on already gives away our presence, don’t you think? I doubt our disguise will stand up to close scrutiny, and if they discover who we are, this little adventure of ours will end right here.”
“You know you had your doubts concerning this venture, John,” came a low rumble as both were gazing into the mobile’s lens and the smiling face of the Australian, “but I think you will agree this has proved extremely enjoyable so far.”
But no, there can’t be a retreat just now. In a few minutes, yes. Sherlock can escape to a quiet room or a remote corner of the building then. Now he has to play his part, or this new timeline will be skewed already. He needs to attract John. If John doesn’t come to Baker Street, all will be lost.
Sherlock stands taller as well. He sniffs. “At least you’re wearing the right colour now, Victor. Green for envy, and red for rage. How very appropriate, don’t you think? Apologies for having to rain on your parade today. But it was clear from the start that you wouldn’t win the stage.”
“I can see another coach. Poison green ... must be Baskerville. There are other cars as well. Two look like taxis. They’re just arriving.”
“The worst dreams were those that weren’t horrible at all. No body splayed on the pavement in a puddle of blood. No black coat flapping in the air, no empty eyes staring at the sky. The worst dreams were when you were playing the violin or conducting an experiment in the kitchen. When you lay on the sofa in your favourite sulking position. When Mrs. Hudson came up with cake or scones. When we got takeaway and you sat correcting the telly. All those normal (for us), mundane things I never cherished enough until I thought I’d lost them. From those dreams I didn’t wake up drenched in sweat, or even shouting. I woke slowly, listening to the continued notes of the violin or the clatter of your test tubes from downstairs. And listening. And nothing would come. And then realisation would set in that nothing of this would come again, ever. One night, or early morning, rather, someone had stopped their car opposite the flat and was waiting for someone, and they had Classic FM on with a piece for solo violin, and I lay and listened and thought it was you playing, and then suddenly the engine started and they were gone ...”
Dorothy raised an eyebrow at him. “My husband does the washing,” she said, quite reprovingly. “I can ask him, though.”
Sherlock laughs softly. Raising his head from John’s chest, he looks at him in the warm light from the bedside lamp. John smiles up at him, and reaches out to run a hand along his cheek. Sherlock leans in to kiss him. It still feels strange to be allowed to do that, after longing for it for so long. John kisses him back.
“Get this dratted thing out of my sight,” he hissed, looking like he was preparing to kick the dog. Lenny seemed to sense that his attention was not particularly well received by the two men in the strange clothes and finally let off to return to his owners. One of the girls who John reckoned to be around ten picked the terrier up and cuddled it while the other, a year or two older perhaps, approached them with a trace of caution. She looked apologetic and a bit intimidated, likely by Sherlock’s glowering.
John has almost passed the door and is about to turn around when a dark spot on the kerb catches his eye. He hunkers down for a closer look, and feels a rush of adrenaline. He’d recognise the substance anywhere. Blood. Dried, but still relatively fresh. Must have dripped there after the rain yesterday – the thunderstorm came on when he was at the pub, at around seven. With hands that are surprisingly steady given his excitement tinged with worry, he takes another photograph, noting the slight splattering of the drop. It must have fallen from some height.
“No problem. I’m feeling unexpected melancholy myself. This Tour has been ... different. From my last one, certainly, but also from my expectations.”
and it’s a nice one for a change,” he explains after reading through some of them. “Oh, and your vital statistics have gone online and have been snatched up by several sports websites and online papers, and there’s a lot of discussion surrounding them, too. From what I can tell – I’ve just skimmed the headlines – people’s reactions are positive. There are the usual idiots and conspiracy loonies, of course, claiming the numbers have been manipulated, but several reputable outlets are praising the step, calling it courageous and clever. A “tactical masterpiece”, says one expert, because it puts a lot of pressure on the other teams, particularly on their contenders for the general classification. Guess the step was a wise one.”
“I can’t believe we’re talking about that,” wheezes John. “I can’t believe we talked about any of those things we did. I mean ... that’s not what blokes do. Men don’t talk about feelings and stuff. It’s considered unmanly, you know.”
Sherlock gave him a questioning glance. “She jumped over me when I was on the ground,” clarified John.
“Either that, or a light bulb.” Sherlock tells him about his childhood fascination with the star. “My grandparents had one with twenty-six points, but there are some with thirty-two and more. In case of the former, the basic shape is based on a rhombicuboctahedron. The thirty-two-pointer has an icosidodecahedron as its basic shape. What?”
“Actually, yes,” returns The Woman. “I don’t remember us entering into any kind of agreement. It was nice while it lasted, but to be honest, Seb, you and your possessiveness are getting on my nerves.”
“You can ask him about it during your interview,” said Sherlock, smiling wickedly. “Oh, I think I know just the thing. Hopefully we’ll have some time for shopping at Lyon.”
But the uncertainty about the outcome of their battle of minds, the horrible suspicion that Hope managed to outwit him after all, has never left Sherlock. John’s words from another timeline echo in his mind. They were discussing whether Sherlock was worried about what people thought of him. ‘
Even though Sherlock’s brain is running through these rational thoughts, his body remains frozen in place, his hand gripping the wooden handrail of the bannister so tightly that his fingers hurt. He makes a conscious effort to relax is grip, to breathe calmly. Panic won’t save him, he knows that. He has to overcome it, pull himself together – despite the soft sound of what could be footsteps echoing down the winding staircase, casting his mind back into his dank underground cell in Serbia.
Thanks again to the faithful readers of this story for your feedback, and your patience. I expect there to be another long chapter after this one, and a shorter epilogue.
“I brought you some food, in case you decide to eat after all,” said John after his initial greeting went without reply or even acknowledgement. He placed the bag on his bedside table and switched on his lamp.
Sherlock acts instinctively. Sprinting toward Moran, he deals him a blow with his shoulder that makes him curse and sway and momentarily lose interest in John. The next instant, Sherlock has grabbed another sword and swept it from its fastening on the wall.
“Good,” said John, laughing softly. “Because your technique has improved yet again. It almost seems you secretly practised last night.
Sherlock swallowed again. “The kissing and the touching. They … I know I like the former. A lot. More than I thought I would, in fact. I wouldn’t mind if you kissed me up against a wall like I did to you yesterday. Perhaps not at a crime scene, though. Or at least not while I’m still on the case and there is a danger of contaminating the scene and disturbing my though processes.”
Freak – and being different. He doesn’t care if people like him, as long as they fear his deductions. He builds a reputation of being something of an arsehole, albeit a brilliant one with observational skills bordering on magic. He revels in this status.
Remington winds himself a little. “We’d all been celebrating,” he admits reluctantly. “Neither of us was ... entirely sober that night. Actually, we were all pretty pissed.”
John huffs again. “Because we’re here, and neither of us is tired enough for sleep yet. Because it’s a fine night, and there’s good music playing, and I feel like dancing and Hattie’s a bit too small for it, and you’re here, and because I have it on good authority that you secretly enjoy it even though you try to keep it hushed up, and that moreover you’re good at it. Up, now, Mr. Holmes, and give me your bloody hands.”
John smiled and leaned in to kiss him, which Sherlock returned almost as an afterthought, showing clearly how distracted and likely overwhelmed he was, unable to muster brain-space even for kissing. John stroked him gently a few times, marvelling how natural and unawkward it felt to fondle another man’s penis under non-medical circumstances and without the barrier of disposable gloves. And Sherlock ... he was so responsive and yet was trying to restrain himself, both from making sounds and from bucking too strongly into John’s grip.
“Wouldn’t be the first,” states Sherlock matter-of-factly as he brushes grass clippings off his trousers.
It’s easy from there. They kiss, playfully at first, then with increasing passion. At one point, Sherlock pulls John down so that he’s lying flush on top of him. Sherlock’s hands are back on his backside, holding him in place as he shifts and moves against the other, soon establishing a rhythm. It’s absolute bliss. They’re both sweating, and their precome provides enough slickness between them to make the slide of their erections comfortable and increasingly arousing. Sherlock is quiet apart from gasps and soft moans. John thinks he is holding back, probably afraid to let go, to completely surrender the tight control he usually upholds over his emotions. His entire body is tense as a bowstring, though, crying for release. With a flash of worry, John hopes Sherlock’s legs won’t cramp. Both are angled, parted so that John can lie between them, the muscles hard as rock, his heels pressing and his toes digging into the mattress. Like John, Sherlock is breathing heavily but mostly through his nose, which sounds funny. Whenever they break their kisses for a moment, he sucks in a desperate lungful of air.
He nodded to Donovan who lifted the cordon to let them pass through. Apparently, apart from securing it against public access, the scene had been left undisturbed. John saw a forensics team waiting next to the ambulance building, but it seemed they hadn’t done any work yet.
“Ah.” John is less surprised as he ought to be, he reckons. He wonders how Sherlock learned of it. Surely there is a story behind it. He decides that it’s a conversation for another time, as the present one is far too interesting and important.
which was stolen and which he retrieved from the would be burglar. The document turned out to be forged, of course. Wrong ink, wrong paper, although the penmanship had been skilled and almost authentic. Interesting case, altogether.
It was difficult to say whether Sherlock had slept at all because when John woke, his friend’s side of the bed was empty and cold. Only the trace of a dent in the mattress indicated that someone had lain there. John turned onto his back and lay still, listening for sounds in the bathroom, but there were none to indicate his roommate’s whereabouts. According to John’s mobile, it was 7:05. He groaned softly. Sure, they wanted to cycle again today and if the temperatures were like yesterday’s it was wise to start early, but after the past day’s exertion a little more rest wouldn’t have gone amiss.
“It’s long past supper-time already,” he sighs. “I don’t want to, but I think I’ll better head off now. Or else I’ll be grounded. Likely I’ll be grounded anyway, for slipping off like this. But I’ll try to come tomorrow, I promise. Will you be here? I’ll bring some food and drink, then. The strawberries were nice, but I’m really thirsty now.”
followed by the thump of a compact body announces the arrival of Hattie as she jumps onto his bed, walks in a circle round herself a few times and then curls up next to his feet on top of the edge of the blanket. Normally, he’d chase her away, knowing that inevitably she is going to meander up to his face while he is sleeping. He doesn’t fancy waking up with his nose full of cat hair again, nor open his eyes to be met by her disapproving stare and almost suffer a heart attack from the surprise at her proximity. She used to sleep on his chest when he was sick and he was too weak to care, but afterwards he made sure to get rid of her when he went to bed.
Lestrade sighs and gets up to walk over to one of the phones the constable indicates. Sherlock exchanges a quick glance with John who shrugs. They hear Lestrade communicate briefly with one of his colleagues from the Yard, before he waits while the call gets reconnected. The tone of his voice changes slightly when he listens to who is speaking now. Sherlock deduces two possible options as to who is on the other end of the line, and finds his second assumption confirmed when Lestrade greets Molly Hooper. Next to Sherlock, John sits up straighter and looks at him questioningly.
“I’m rather out of practise,” he warns John while preparing the bow. John has settled down on his bed, a pillow in his back against the headboard, the blanket covering his legs.
John nods, squeezes the hand once more for good measure and releases it. “You asked for rules of cohabitation.”
“Cake isn’t proper food, despite these containing pumpkin,” John informed him. “I’ll cook something, okay. The thing with peas? And some fish and chips?”
Hoping that an excursion to the bathroom will take care of the unfortunate, uncomfortable situation in his nether regions, reluctantly, he begins to untangle himself from John who snorts softly and turns his head onto this other side. Sherlock slips out of bed. He hisses softly when his feet meet the wooden parquet and his leg decides to play up after all, causing him to lurch and sway until he manages to steady himself against the bedpost. So as not to wake John, he slowly makes his way through the room in the dark.
“I don’t,” Molly spits out angrily. “We can actually save lives with the information we gain, but the higher ups down in Whitehall or the Admiralty or whoever is responsible just ignore it.”
“Did you ever relapse?” asked John carefully, only too aware of the many battles they’d fought over smoking and the proper dosage of nicotine patches before Sherlock had left.
“You said you had heard a lot about me recently,” said Sherlock. “I doubt this was all Katie’s doing. Was it because of the art forgery case last month? Not exactly your field of study, antiquities, but still related, and moreover it was snatched up by the press and widely written about, even in serious publications and not just the tabloids.”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow, clearly indicating that he thinks Trevor is an idiot, anyway. “Some of the things quoted – or misquoted – in the German article were based on events only the two of us can have known,” says Sherlock.
“Yes,” snaps Sherlock. “Finally,” he grouses when Sam jumps out of the car and begins to unload a spare bike from the roof.
John snorts. “I’m not worried about your virtue. I don’t care if you shag around to get free food, although it would be a bit weird.”
“You keep me from getting bored, you calm me when my mind is too full, and excite me when it isn’t. Also, you make me happy.”
“We’re fine, thanks, Katie,” John told her. “And I at least would love to stay longer, but with this new case come up, I think we’ll have to return to London tomorrow morning. Right, Sherlock?”
“Back in the Great War, perhaps, although even then I knew it wasn’t going to be the big adventure everybody had been talking about back in ’14 and ’15. I enlisted quite late, towards the end. I would have been too young before, anyway. And I really went because most of my friends did, too. The chaps of my rugby team, and many from my school. We were like one of the Pals battalions, although by that time most of those were officially disbanded.”
“You bloody idiot,” he murmured fondly, taking off his jumper to spread over his friend as a protection against the train’s rather fervent air conditioning.
“Hey, I wasn’t a posh public school brat like you. My parents couldn’t even afford to send me to Grammar School. I only got in with a scholarship. But I’ll do you the favour.” He puts the Boater on his head and sits up straight, grinning at Sherlock.
John found the quince and asked whether he could borrow one. Lestrade gave him a questioning glance. John signed that they would talk later. Mrs. Herdman nodded absently. “You can’t eat them, mind,” she told him. “They need to be cooked first.”
Sherlock shrugged, looking both exasperated, impatient and angry at himself for having to ask for support at all. He also looked like he wished to simply let himself fall and not worry about anything for a while. He huffed out a breath, then raised his chin again as if in challenge.
“Lenny, come here, come here,” the girls cried, but Lenny thought John far more interesting than his owners and continued to assail him. John tried to ignore him while extending a hand to Sherlock who had finally managed to unclip his feet from the pedals. John pulled him and his bicycle up. Sherlock stood wiping mud from the elbow of his jacket and picking leaves and twigs off his legs, all the while giving Lenny the dog a deadly glare.
John nods and smiles, wondering whether he’s also been as excitable when he was this young. “Don’t get used to it, Kit. This is quite unusual, and some of the places we’re going to stay at in the weeks to come are going to be quite basic. So enjoy it while you can. Who are you rooming with?”
At this, Sherlock’s bladder which he has indeed ignored gives a twinge. “Actually, I should go there now.”
John smiled, his body relaxing as he drifted off, but just before he could truly fall asleep, he felt Sherlock stir next to him and move his head. He lay still for a while, then shifted some more, his hair tickling John’s cheek. John grunted. Couldn’t the man just lie still for a moment so he could fall asleep properly?
“Think the Wild Hunt will be out and about again tonight?” asks John, and the temptation dissolves like mist in sunlight. Some things aren’t meant to be fully investigated and understood, Sherlock knows. And he’s warm and comfortable and tired, his body still flooded with serotonin and oxytocin, and he has an equally warm and heavy John Watson in his arms. He’d be an utter moron to venture out now into the cold and wet and forgo the opportunity to spend these moments with the man he loves.
Sherlock breathes deeply as he pedals, the fresh air cleaning his head. Whenever he passes underneath a tree overhanging the road, for a moment he rides in darkness and can’t see the ground, which gives him the sensation of floating on his bicycle. The air has cooled, patches of mist shroud the low-lying fields and meadows, making hedgerows and clumps of trees peek out like islands in a silvery sea. Down to Sherlock’s left the line of the small river can be descried by mists rising from it like tendrils of smoke.
“Indeed he does. As I said, the details of what she did must not be revealed, but rest assured that Jennifer Wilson achieved great things, and died protecting state secrets.”
Subsequently, he was in good spirits and just a little bit tipsy when they returned to Katie’s cottage on foot, following the road because the bridle path through the fields would have been too muddy due to the rain. Katie had driven ahead with Emma and Liz, but Sherlock had insisted they walk. John, warm and full and feeling loose and buoyant with drink, agreed, glad about a chance to stretch his legs.
Sherlock gives him a beady glance. “Are you trying to inflict yet another of these Bond things on me?”
“Ah yes, I forgot. Your clothes normally disappear when they’re dirty and return spotless and ironed a few days later. Work of fairies, yeah? Have you ever actually operated a washing machine?”
John’s gaze shifts to his injured leg. “Let’s find you a chair. It’s been a long day. To be honest, I could do with some sitting down as well.”
“Yes,” replies John shortly. He empties his glass with one long draught before getting to his feet and making his way in the direction of the back door of the bar, likely in search of the privy.
Taken aback by the ferocity in his voice and gaze, John frowned. “I wasn’t taking it as a game,” he returned defensively. “Wrong term, sorry. And actually, that’s rather big coming from you – you who played around with Moriarty to the bitter end.”
The pressure, however, is high, because the time differences between the top five are narrower than during most other Tours in recent years, and all the contenders for the yellow jersey know precisely what’s at stake. Neither is inclined to spend a lot of time in front of TV-cameras to speculate about the outcome of tomorrow’s stage. Even Moriarty, normally happy to charm the cameras, disappears into his team’s bus quickly after the awards ceremonies – probably because he fears some backlash over his teammate’s irresponsible and controversial action during the stage.
When the silence becomes uncomfortable, suddenly Sherlock stirs and draws in a long breath. “It’s not what you think,” he says in a low voice.
John smiles softly. “You tell me, genius. How about I continue with my deduction from earlier? That … er … may make things clearer. I hope.”
Sherlock, too, smiles. “I might. I cycled quite a lot back at University. Cars are utterly useless in Cambridge’s narrow streets and alleys. Also, whenever I needed solitude and be rid of the idiots surrounding me, I took my bike and rode out into the countryside.”
John stares at him, not sure whether to feel annoyed or fascinated – annoyed about the invasion of privacy, fascinated by his roommate’s uncanny abilities. “How?”
“She sends her regards. Ah, apparently there was a bit of a stir at the Opera House last night. She was accosted by several reporters and photographers on her way out, and one confronted her with her involvement with Moran. Apparently, people remembered that they had been about together in London a while ago when they were still together. She managed to distract them by presenting Wilcox as her fiancé.”
They gazed at each other and simultaneously started to chuckle. “Well, as long as you like what you see,” said John, leaning back with a smug smile and reaching for his paper cup again.
Angry, defeated tears keep coming, but he can’t seem to pull himself together. This has been a while coming.
John gazes at him, his expression grave, his thoughts unreadable. At length, he nods briskly, before cocking his head and looking at Sherlock with a hint of suspicion. “When did you experiment on me without my consent, apart from that time at Baskerville and when one of your ... chemical compounds knocked me out for an entire day?” he enquires after a moment’s silence.
They exchange a long glance until, fearful that he will give himself away, Sherlock casts down his eyes. “I would like to play all night, but it seems the music isn’t really working towards sending you to sleep.”
“Well, she was,” says Lestrade. “And she was aware of that. The three men confirmed that when they arrived there on the day she went missing – to install electronics for proper lighting, they claimed, although neither of them has any expertise in that field – they stumbled upon her in one of the tunnels. They panicked, thought she was spying for ‘them’ – ‘them’ apparently referring to a rival organisation, either a gang from Southwark or the Russian mafia, we believe – and attacked her.”
“Oh,” mumbled John around another yawn. He was beginning to get drowsy again, lulled by the steady rise and fall of his special pillow and the dull thrumming inside it. “Want to go?”
“You’re sacrificing a lot for my comfort,” said Sherlock thoughtfully. “I know you enjoy physical intimacy, your dating history indicates this, and yet you’re more or less willing to resign yourself to a life of celibacy to honour my wishes, should I stick to my decision. Unless of course you plan on finding relief elsewhere.”
“Oh my God, I can see it. Everybody’s darling John Watson coming out as gay – or bisexual, rather. Do it, please. Really, really do it. I’m so proud of you, brother. And now, tell me all about your flame.”
Baskerville arrives with a still respectable time but loses over two minutes to Sherlock, landing him at fifth place in the GC behind Sherlock’s fourth, with one minute and forty seconds time difference – a much larger gap than between the first four. Moriarty has firmly regained his yellow jersey now as he is nearing the last kilometre of the course, leading Ricoletti again by more than ten seconds. In the Team Speedy’s tent, disappointment and anger about Moriarty’s Tour win is quickly replaced by the joy and elation about Sherlock’s achievement in the time trial and also that of the entire team. Apart from Sherlock’s fourth place overall and Bainbridge’s win of the points classification, in addition to Kit and Anderson doing well in the other two special classifications, the team has won the team classification again, and remain one of the few that are still complete at the end of the Tour.
“I am bloody calm. Are you implying I’m not? That I’m crazy, maybe, that it’s all in my head? I saw them, I tell you. I saw them, and they chased me, all the way into the water.”
John stares at him. “Wow, that’s beautiful. I didn’t understand most of it, but it’s beautiful nevertheless. Where is it from?”
“Actually, I rather believe Mycroft that he wouldn’t have been, even if we’d had wild sex right here on the stairs. Nevertheless, we could still go upstairs and jump around on the bed for a bit and make moaning noises. Perhaps the delay will annoy him and he’ll leave.”
Sherlock gives a tight nod. “No, I wouldn’t,” he admits quietly. And because he feels he needs to clarify a few things, he adds, “It’s new to me, this kind of thing.”
Half an hour later Sherlock, John, the sergeant (who goes by the name of Lang) and Dorothy Matthews are sitting in the latter’s large kitchen. Two lively toddlers are playing with wooden animals under the table. Matthews’ old mother, Mrs. Stiles, is pouring strong tea with arthritic hands, her wrinkled face worried but resigned. Sherlock has had a closer look at the interior of the Bentley but found nothing of interest there apart from one of Brenda Connolly’s shoes. She is still sleeping in the darkened chamber next to the kitchen. John has promised to look after her as soon as she’s awake and he has drunk his tea – the old woman wouldn’t hear a word against it. She has also put bread covered with something on the table, and encouraged the men several times to help themselves. Sherlock asks Dorothy and her mother for their account of the events of the previous night while John takes notes. They confirm the story the man with the Border Collie gave them.
“My husband Stuart drove to Woodbridge earlier, but I can phone him if you need to talk to him as well. He shouldn’t be gone long.”
“How uncharacteristically considerate of you,” returns Sherlock. “What is this, then? Don’t tell me you were actually concerned about my well-being and wanted to check on me.”
“I am not, sir,” returns Sherlock, forcing himself to remain calm. “But you are making a mistake by not allowing me on the case.”
Sherlock smiles warmly at him and reaches for his hand as they set in motion to finally return to their car. “Yes, it did take us a very long time.” He caresses John’s fingers with his own, being flooded by a wave of dizzy anticipation, apprehension about disappointing John, gratitude for finally knowing that his love for this remarkable man is returned in kind, and a heady, burning
Lestrade’s warning echoes in his mind. He’s never had to worry about these things, about keeping his feelings for another person hidden. For one, he’s never had feelings of this kind before. Just like him to pick a person the love of whom is fraught with peril. John is far more aware of the dangers of being found out and branded as a homosexual. Sherlock still isn’t even certain about the ‘sexual’ bit when it comes to himself. In the past, there have been instances when he thought he’d felt a fleeting attraction to another person. But it was never strong enough to entice him to act on it, to approach the other. He’s certainly never been in love before, always stayed clear of entanglements of the heart while keenly observing their pitfalls in others. He strongly believes that had he approached anybody he’d ever been marginally attracted to, it would have ended in rejection and mockery. It’s a marvel that his feelings for John are returned in kind.
He felt a soft peck on his neck and smiled, and after a muttered “Good night” and a brief squeeze of the hand splayed over his heart, he drifted off.
Sherlock thinks. He doesn’t look like the other children in the village, nor like those Sherlock goes to school with. Perhaps he is one of the traveller families his uncle has complained about. He looks a bit ... wild. It’s not the best term to describe him, but Sherlock can’t think of a better one for now. ‘Untamed’ might be a better word, though. A bit dangerous, too. Like someone who doesn’t go to bed at eight, and who doesn’t necessarily do his homework, preferring to learn other, more important things outside. He looks like someone who can climb trees – as he has proved already –, who knows where to find wild berries, and read animal tracks, and doesn’t care whether his clothes, hands and feet get dirty while roaming the forest.
“Not as such,” agreed Mycroft. “Still, there are indices. Despite my previous remark, it is understandable you did not pay attention to him since you were focused on more important players at the time. But we must not mistake with coincidence the fact that he shows up in more than one place you were investigating. My experience has shown that there is no such thing.”
He looks at Sherlock and shrugs. “I’d seen what the war had done to my old man. Before joining up, in a way, I had this vague idea of heroically avenging his suffering at the hands of the Germans. But then when I was actually in the trenches and saw that the poor buggers weren’t any better off than us, that thought vanished really quickly. And then it was only about keeping my pals alive. Not that I was very successful in that regard. But it made me want to become a doctor. I was lucky to be made stretcher bearer and then aide to the medic quite quickly, probably because they noticed that I was good at that kind of stuff, and not so eager to actually shoot or bayonet people. Then after the war, I wanted to become a doctor. My family lacked the funds to get me into university, so I looked elsewhere. Both the army and the navy offered training. I was pretty fed up with the army at that point, so the navy it was. And I haven’t regretted my decision, or hadn’t, anyway, until this dratted new war came along.”
“Yes. She is dead. They killed her, apparently by accident. She’s down in the tunnel that formerly lead to the platforms, I think. I didn’t have any light,” says Sherlock, and a shudder runs through him. “It was dark, only dark.”
John nods to himself while continuing to unpack. He expected Sherlock to come from a wealthy family. There’s a definite air of public school about him. But Harrow ... that really is posh.
Sherlock is glad they are friends again at last, and even though, when he is really honest with himself, he wants more, he is not sure John does. Sherlock has vowed to respect this wish. He, too, has endured therapy on John’s suggestion and insistence after his initial contacting of Ella during the time immediately following Mary’s death, when John and he weren’t even on speaking terms. Sherlock’s sessions were mostly conducted to deal with the psychological aspects of his drug withdrawal (more severe than he wanted to admit, mostly to himself), but also PSTD stemming from his capture and torture in Serbia (of which John knows now – he has even seen the scars). They went together a few times to sort through what happened at Smith’s morgue and what led to things escalating the way they did. Sherlock loathes to admit it, but Ella has been very helpful at steering them through years of suppressed guilt, anger, resentment and self-loathing to a point when under tears, John apologised for hurting Sherlock, and Sherlock, equally misty-eyed, understanding and accepting that he didn’t deserve to be hurt because of the grief he had caused John earlier.
Sherlock gasps softly at the expletive, which sounds like an innuendo in this context. Then the implication of what John has said hits. Sherlock blinks. John has described him. He is who unsettled John that way, has made such a deep impression at their very first meeting. He has felt drawn to John from the beginning – mostly, though, because he seemed marginally more interesting than the other people at the Park. But apparently for John, their encounter has had an even more immediate and earth-shattering effect. Sherlock doesn’t believe in something as trite as ‘love at first sight’, yet maybe the notion isn’t as far-fetched as he’s always had reason to believe. Sherlock doesn’t know how to deal with the possibility that John may have been attracted to him after a very short time, during which he nevertheless noticed some of Sherlock’s less admirable qualities. He blinks some more.
As before, the sound of tentative footsteps and the smell of coffee rouse him and pull him out of his mind. Only this time, he doesn’t jump in shock when Molly speaks. “Oh, hi, Sherlock. Are you okay?” From the way she is studying him, he deduces that he must still look somewhat pale and shaky. Ill, even. No wonder. He feels sick, a combination of nerves, hunger and residual shock from this latest reset – or set back, as he’s come to label it. The universe must really hate him for pulling him out of a bloody good snog with the love of his life. He decides to hate the universe in return, just for a bit.
The two men mutter something about impairing the freedom of the press, but move to the side to let Sherlock, John and Lestrade pass. Sherlock sees a flicker of recognition in the reporter’s eyes.
“Don’t know. Parts of it were new, as I told you. And even those that weren’t new were pretty spectacular.”
John watched him, his grave expression, the sadness lingering in his eyes and in the tight line of his mouth. “We’ve never really thanked him, haven’t we? We might never have met without that chance encounter in Russell Square,” he stated solemnly, reaching for Sherlock’s hand because it seemed the right thing to do. Sherlock stiffened for an instant but then relaxed, his fingers curling around John’s and squeezing briefly. He bit his lip.
Sherlock nods, looking mollified. John studies the grainy picture which shows a gangly teenager with his mop of curls half-hidden under a wide-brimmed hat. He is sporting a long fake nose and a fake moustache and is wearing 17th century garb reminiscent of the Three Musketeers. Spotting a sword at his side, John asks, “Did you have to fence, too, or was the sword just for decoration?”
“She is well. She has made quite a career at the Park and is leading her own department now. She accompanied Turing and some others when they went to the States to cooperate with the codebreakers there. She has been out with Lestrade a few times, but although she clearly likes him, she says she isn’t ready and far too busy to commit to a relationship. Lestrade would marry her on the spot, but respects her wish to concentrate on her work for now. He has been busy, too, since his promotion, and has been providing me with cases to keep me from getting bored.”
“Yes. I called him and asked for a meeting, but he declined, claiming team obligations for the evening. He did not, however, specify what these ‘obligations’ were. Nor did he sound very convincing over the phone. He was clearly lying to me. In any case, I doubt he would have told me that they consisted of him and his team captain conducting a little clandestine rendezvous with our special friend Dr. Fratelli. Anthea spotted Victor and Ricoletti in town on her way back to our hotel. And Fratelli, who seems to have had dinner at this restaurant, posted photos of his meal and drinks on Instagram, enabling me to narrow down the establishment. I had a hunch they might have arranged a meeting given Victor’s strange, evasive comments over the phone, which proved correct.”
Sherlock cocked his head, giving John a shrewd, calculating gaze. “Don’t believe I don’t know what you’re doing here, John. Trying to comfort me despite really knowing why I’m upset. Asking all these innocent, subtle questions.”
Sherlock flashed him a brief but warm smile. Then he leaned in and kissed him. He started out gently and almost experimentally as was his wont, but soon he grew bolder when John began to return his affections. John’s arms sneaked round his torso to embrace him lightly, while Sherlock’s free hand roamed over John’s chest to ultimately settle on his right shoulder, while he used his other arm to prop himself up.
“Yes, they have,” replies Sherlock, giving up on his hair. “I barely stand a chance at taming them.”
Sherlock’s blush deepens, spreading down his throat to his chest. He waves his free hand awkwardly. “Well, I—”
By the time Sherlock draws near to the third and final split time, it’s pretty clear that barring him having an accident on the last few kilometres, he’s going to win the stage. Van Coon has understood this, too, but accepts his defeat with grace.
Pretending to have taken a piss outside and adjusting his trousers, Sherlock walks back towards the hall. Presently, the car’s engine is switched off.
Raising the phone, John snapped a picture of the detective, waited for the complaint, and when none came, in fact no reaction at all, he took another one with different exposure.
“It’s one possibility. According to the evidence I found during this morning’s search, the foal was led away on foot. There were no traces of a car and trailer, at least not in the close vicinity of the farm. I followed the track behind it as far as the pond, and there were occasional hoofmarks that were both fairly fresh and could fit the foal’s hooves in size. According to Katie, her shoes weren’t equipped with caulkins like our mares’ here are.”
He squares his shoulders after a quick glance at his reflection in the mirrored door of the wardrobe, trying to assess his body with the eyes of a doctor, as John is seeing him now. He knows he is still too thin, despite having always been on the lean side. His collar-bones stand out starkly as do some of his ribs. What muscles he has in arms and legs are defined more by absence of surrounding insulation than by their actual size. Apart from his lower arms, a small vee of chest and his nose, his skin is too pale. Usually even he acquires a faint freckly tan in summertime (or he burns spectacularly). No, he concludes, he doesn’t look too well.
“I’ll take your word for it. Why did we come here, then? I mean, the view is quite spectacular, particularly today because the sky is so clear after the rain. But I thought you wanted to have another look at the trees.”
A group of people has gathered near the site of the explosion, mostly inhabitants of the surrounding houses and a few passers-by. A police constable has arrived, too, and is talking to the bystanders and taking notes. Sherlock recognises his landlord Mr. Chandler in the small crowd, wearing his habitual grey work coat, flat cap and glum, disapproving expression which makes him look much older than his fifty-two years. If possible, Mr. Chandler’s face turns even more disapproving when he spots Sherlock. They are not exactly on friendly terms. Even though Sherlock (or rather, his brother) pays his rent regularly and has reimbursed Mr. Chandler for all the damage that has so far occurred in the flat (mostly due to Sherlock’s experiments and the one time he had to bash in a window because he had lost his key after a fall into the river and had climbed in via his bedroom window), Mr. Chandler doesn’t approve of Sherlock in general. Both his sons have been lost in the war, one killed and one still missing in action, meaning that the sight of a young, able-bodied man like Sherlock strutting about out of uniform rubs him up the wrong way. In a rather uncharacteristic effort to preserve the peace and to prevent Mr. Chandler throwing out his chemistry equipment, Sherlock has told him that he is also doing his bit for the war effort. Of course he could not inform his landlord about his true occupation at Bletchley Park. Mr. Chandler took his attempt at a defence badly and only the promise of rent paid for a flat temporarily free of a troublesome tenant swayed his attitude slightly in Sherlock’s favour.
This chapter contains mentions of cycling-typical injuries and their treatment. They’re not very graphic, but if this is something that bothers you, treat carefully.
Remington’s posh living room becomes a centre of operations. They decide to wait for an hour for him to return and for the storm to hopefully calm down further. Should Charles not have returned on his own by then, they’re going to mobilise the neighbours. Sherlock phones the Tanners to inform them about the situation, and they promise to call some of their friends in town, some of whom own dogs that could be used for searching, or who serve with the local fire brigade. Despite her obvious fear for her fiancé’s physical and mental welfare – they did quarrel, and Gwendolen feels guilty about it – she remains admirably level-headed and functional, displaying considerable organisational skills.
From the corner of his eyes, Sherlock sees John’s hand move. He is writing something into the dirt on the door: PRINCESS BRIDE
“Of course,” states Sherlock. “Attempting to protect you, Miss Adler. Not sure she tried her hand at arson herself. Probably she asked some friends here in town. She also took things from Moran that linked you to his Nazi friends.”
Another chapter, yay. I’ve been looking forward to writing it and particularly the one that comes after for ages. Since this chapter ends with a bit of a cliffhanger, those who’d like to avoid the suspense may want to wait until I’ve finished the next one. It’s already in the works and should be ready to post in a week or two. Thanks a lot to all who’ve been patiently following this story, and as always to my brilliant beta rifleman_s.
Sherlock beams at him before he can help it. Dashing into his room and slipping on his dressing gown, he grabs his violin case and walks to John’s room, stopping in the doorway. John has also donned his dressing gown and is standing with his back to the window, a dark silhouette against the sliver of starlit garden that shows under the blackout-curtain. He clears his throat and makes a gesture to invite Sherlock into the room. Sherlock notes how neatly his clothes are put away, some on coat-hangers and some lying folded over the back of the desk chair. The desk is tidy, too, writing utensils to one side, a stack of what looks like novels on the other. John has moved the pickled toad to the windowsill, perhaps to study it in the light from the window. Sherlock is oddly touched by that.
It’s moot to imagine these things, though. Sherlock tells himself that breaking off all contact is for the best, that it wouldn’t have worked, anyway, between Victor and him, not after this kind of betrayal of trust. He is better off without friends, and of course without lovers, too. Neither are worth the trouble and potential heartbreak. He tells himself he’s fine.
John makes up his mind – before anybody else can claim Sherlock. His heart begins to beat wildly in his chest as he crosses the distance to him and holds out his hand.
“It’d be spectacular,” John tells him. “I mean, you’ve already won a stage and the prologue and spent several days in yellow. And there’s another time trial near the end. Not bad for a comeback after such a long break. Read on, please.”
“Told you they’d be easy,” grumbled the detective. “Didn’t expect them to be so wrong, too. Malachite, for example, is a kind of copper carbonate, not sulfate. It was the only word that fit, though. Morons.”
“It is, but worth it,” said Katie, joining him at the table again. “Actually, I never expected to marry and have kids. It just kinda … happened when I met Andrew, and he came with Emma already in tow. And now it’s just the two of us. I didn’t expect that, either, not so soon, at least. Couldn’t he have waited another thirty or forty years before getting himself killed?”
John licks his lips. “Well, I couldn’t exactly prevent overhearing what you said to your cousin before you came down the stairs from Tiffany’s room.”
The Royal George is, unsurprisingly, busy for the time of day – early evening. From the looks of many of the patrons, Sherlock deduces that most of them are there to have a quick pint before heading home after work. A few travellers from out of town are present as well, most notably a small group of soldiers on leave. Some early locals, mostly elderly men, as well as several railway employees are scattered around the bar. Mingled with the smell of stale beer, smoke is hanging thick in the air. Somebody is smoking a cigar, and another a pipe with a rather interesting and unusual blend of tobacco.
Sherlock looks up from his phone. He is glad John is driving. The traffic and the imbeciles behind the steering wheels all around them would have driven him mad before they even reached Victoria. Why are there so many cars in London, anyway? Isn’t there enough public transport, or cabs for those who can’t stand the Tube or the buses (like himself)?
Their hotel is quite a spectacular sight. Situated right next to the river Tarn as it flows over several weirs through the old part of Albi, the historic brick building with its porches and terraces used to be a water mill and later a pasta factory before it was tastefully renovated and turned into a hotel. John and Sherlock’s room overlooks the river and Pont Vieux, the Old Bridge, beyond which lie the impressive mediaeval cathedral and the fortress-like Palais de la Berbie, formerly the Bishops’ Palace of Albi with its ornamental gardens stretching along the river embankment. As views go, it could be far worse. Moreover, the gentle sound of the river as it rushes over the weirs is soothing. The waters are clear enough for John to see the stony riverbed and several large fish idling there.
And even now, as so often, John surprises him. His gaze turns challenging, calculating. And there is something else, something Sherlock finds difficult to define. Is it, could it be ... relief? At what? At being found out? Out of the closet at last, is that it? Will John admit ... something? Anything?
“Yes, a bit of advance warning wouldn’t have gone amiss,” agreed John. Recalling what Sherlock’s father had said previously, he gave him a worried glance. “You said something about an illness? If it’s not cancer, what else would affect both you and potentially him?” Running a list of hereditary diseases through his mind, he studied the other for symptoms but couldn’t detect any obvious ones.
Next to him, John clears his throat. He looks a little flushed. Not a difficult deduction, then, what the genre of these films might be.
“Blood samples were taken, and there was a search for injuries, even hidden ones, and of course he was screened for any diseases, particularly those that could be passed on to the other animals, but that was it as far as I know. They didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. I wasn’t present when they found the horse. Emma told me later. It was quite an act to remove him. Punchies are large, and Rædwald measured well over seventeen hands and weighed around two thousand pounds. Not an easy body to shift.”
At one point Sherlock had risen and begun striding down the corridor, still taking animatedly to Lestrade. John had subsequently occupied his seat and gazed out of the window for a while, reminiscing about his great-grandfather and how he had fought at the Somme in 1916 and nearly lost his life in the trenches. Luckily, he had contracted trench fever early on and had spent most of his time in field hospitals and later on sick leave at Étaples and in England. He’d been pronounced fit for duty when the war was nearly over, and had been sent back to the front. According to what his grandmother had told John, her father had been shot two days into his redeployment, receiving a ‘blighty’ which had cost him his right arm but got him back to England and safety while half his battalion were killed that day.
Therefore, he employed his elbow again, but this time the detective reacted fast enough to avoid the stab. “As if you’d wear my pants. But then, perhaps you should. I’ve seen some of yours. They’re almost antique and don’t look like they’d survive another washing. Make me wonder how long you’ve been keeping them.”
John was left shaking his head. It was true, even he had recognised the tell-tale signs right away: all five were skinny, fit-looking blokes of Sherlock’s stature and lanky build, with visible tanlines on hands and arms, and in the case of two who were wearing shorts, their legs as well.
“Of course you did. I only caught flies and other insects to feed mine,” said John. “Did you know that there’s an entire section of one of the tropical greenhouses at Kew Gardens devoted to carnivorous plants? They have all kinds of pitcher plants and butterworts and sundews. Have you ever been to Kew?”
Looking up from the papers, John found Sherlock watching him, his face unreadable, half cast into shadow. John licked his lips. “What do you need?” he asked simply, knowing that very likely there was no simple answer.
His phone rings and he excuses himself. His teammates nod solemnly. They stand in silence for a while, before Mortimer suggest they watch some football, thus breaking the grave mood. John follows them slowly, looking around for Sherlock. He spots him in conversation with Mrs. Hudson. Mildly surprised that their sponsor should make an appearance at the party despite knowing her to be very sociable, John is even more taken aback when she steps onto the dancefloor and holds out her hand to Sherlock. He eyes her with a mixture of fondness, wariness and exasperation. She beckons to him again. Rolling his eyes and heaving an almighty sigh, Sherlock empties his drink and joins her.
Sherlock shrugs. John is warm and smells wonderful. His heart beats slowly and regularly, and isn’t it amazing that ghosts have heartbeats, too? “Well, everybody ends up dead at some point. And with the lives we lead – used to lead – I’m rather surprised it didn’t happen sooner.”
“Of course. But only if it’s a frilly one. Light blue, to bring out the colour of your eyes, and satin because it feels wonderful on the skin.”
“Yes, but it’s not just another kids’ movie. Watch it with me. It’s not like you have a lot to do today.”
John shook his head disbelievingly. “You almost sound like you admire them. They’re still criminals, Sherlock.”
John sniffs, but doesn’t say anything else. Sherlock becomes aware that they are standing arm in arm, in full view of the neighbourhood, illuminated by the light of the red star. But he can’t be arsed to move, and neither, it seems, can John. At least their own room isn’t lit, and most of the windows opposite are dark. He doubts they have much of an audience.
“Was anybody interested in the place, perhaps?” mused John. “These days, they’re turning flats like that into luxury apartments everywhere from what one hears, because that’s where the money lies. Perhaps someone wanted the flat and Kerke refused to sell. Or he’s also involved in this smuggling ring. Did the police confiscate his flowers and check them for hidden drugs, as were found at that Kensington florist?”
Glancing around to make certain that nobody pays him any attention, he casually walks closer. First, he checks the gutter, where he soon finds a handful of splinters that look as though they’re remains of the mobile phone’s shattered screen. There are also some traces of sooty residue on the tarmac at the crossroads of Cottage Place and Brompton Road, and, upon careful closer inspection, more splinters. Apparently the phone was dropped here, run over by one or more vehicles, and then swept or pushed into the gutter where the cleaners picked it up. John takes out his phone and photographs the spots to document them. One never knows what might be needed for evidence later.
“They were right about the ‘lonely detective’, too,” said Lestrade thoughtfully. “As I said, in the five years I knew him before you showed up, he always seemed to be on his own. What’s more, he didn’t seem to want any company. There was the occasional flatmate, but only for a few days, and only during the first year. To be honest, I didn’t think you’d last long, either. But you stayed.”
“When we stop next, you should put on another layer of sunscreen. You’ve more or less sweated or wiped off what you had on, and there isn’t going to be any shade until we’re back at Valloire.”
Sherlock shakes his head, groans at the pain, and huffs out a breath. This headache is getting on his nerves, but he has opted against strong painkillers, because they dull his mind and he wants to keep it clear and alert. Also, John has voted strongly against anything that could trigger his dormant addiction.
He decides to get right to the point. “He didn’t come home last night, and he isn’t answering his phone. And no, we didn’t fight. We didn’t even quarrel. He was working on a new case, and I was hoping he’d be around to fill me in about what he’d found out once I’d returned from the pub.”
“Love? Security? Companionship? Isn’t that why people do that kind of thing. I wouldn’t know, as it’s not really my area. But one hears and sees things.”
At the press conference, all in all, the media people are gracious towards the riders and their coaches. As expected, Kit, Bainbridge and Anderson receive some attention and get questions about their chances to win their special classifications. For Kit and particularly Anderson, much depends on tomorrow’s stage. Anderson is reserved and somewhat doubtful he’ll regain the mountain jersey due to his injuries. Kit is highly motivated to take on Lachapelle and whoever else is under twenty-five. But he knows that the battle is going to be tough. The young Frenchman has a lot of support and having ridden the Tour twice before, he is more experienced than Kit. Bainbridge is cautiously confident he’ll arrive in Paris in the green jersey of the leader of the points qualification. “I’m going to try and survive tomorrow and then attack on the flat stages. And there’s always Paris, of course. The last stage is one for us sprinters, too.”
So instead, he raises his right hand slightly and lets it hover behind Sherlock’s bowed back, not quite touching, but ready to do so should an extra prop be required. Mike kneels down next to them and begins to wipe Sherlock down with a cool flannel, while Greg is talking to the eager press. Of course today’s race isn’t finished yet, but Sherlock’s chances are very good, particularly since Moriarty, another good time trialist and contender for winning this stage has landed in third place, ten seconds behind Trevor. Now all eyes are on Ricoletti and Wilkes, the last two serious candidates for beating Sherlock’s time yet.
He has not drawn from life in a long while, not since university. Back then, he had developed considerable skills, taking drawing as an exercise in observation, honing the ability to sit and watch something closely, trying to notice and then render all its intricate details. It was also a good way of overhearing people talk. His fellow students tended to disregard him as a weird loner and yet often taunted him, but when he was drawing, they paid him no attention whatsoever. He seemed to melt into his environments, and they would go on about their amorous pursuits and how they were planning to cheat at their next exam completely indifferent to his presence. He became extremely good at drawing – and listening – back then.
“Yes. Her emotional intelligence in particular. That’s why she spends so much time at Ellie’s – who, by the way, is another person you should apologise to. She has been a great source of comfort for your daughter, the same way that thirty years ago, she was for me. Your comments about her were all but kind, to put it mildly. Without her, Tiffany would have suffered even more.”
As before, their kissing started out gently and exploratory. Sherlock was tense and seemed to be quivering with barely suppressed excitement and nerves. John was nervous, too. He wasn’t sure how far Sherlock was planning to take things. John was rather convinced that he didn’t intend for them to have full penetrative sex during their first real encounter. He knew he wasn’t up for that yet. All right, okay, yes, ‘up’ he was. Still, to go that far would require supplies and preparation, and time. John didn’t feel ready to take that step yet, and Sherlock, who seemed overwhelmed by the slightest of intimate touches ... well. Better proceed gently and carefully for a start.
His heart overflowing with the music and the memories it evokes, he wonders briefly who may have written it, before realising that the composer is no other than Sherlock himself, and that apparently, he is making things up as he plays. It’s experimental yet confident at the same time. And technically, as far as John feels able to judge this, highly proficient.
John shrugs. “Of course. He was pretty curious about you and how you were getting along after being away from this circus for so long. Come to think of it, maybe it gives him courage and confidence.”
“Are there pictures of her online?” John wants to know. Something about Sherlock’s revelation is bugging him.
“Unfortunately, the very case turned out to deepen the rift between us beyond reconciliation. I dug a little too deeply, divulged too much about what I’d found out, and thus ruined his father. Well, actually he’d ruined himself, but I brought it to light. His father’s health had been failing, and the publication of his past misdemeanours resulted in a severe worsening of his condition. He died the following year, or so I was informed.”
Sherlock is weary, too. His leg is throbbing dully, and his headache has returned with a vengeance. Has Mycroft made provisions for them to spend the night at his place? Normally, Sherlock would refuse on principle, despite the fact that a room is kept for him at the house at all times. But seeing John’s exhaustion, the hint of pain clearly visible in his bearing which rule out returning to Bletchley that night, and taking his nosey, obnoxious landlord back at Montague Street into account, staying in Kensington would really be the best solution. He just hopes that Mycroft will offer and he won’t have to ask.
he leaves. John stares after him, both fuming with anger and burning with humiliation. Of course Sherlock is right. But John hurts too much to acknowledge it. It just wants to continue to wallow in misery for a while. Preferably with warmer water, though. He changes the temperature. And some nice hair-product. Cursing Sherlock and his posh arse and the fact he’s always bloody right, he reaches for his shampoo bottle – John’s own is still in his bag, anyway.
“Thank God, John,” cries Sam, relief thick in their voice as it crackles in John’s ear. “You have no idea how fucking dramatic it looked on video. I’m on my way to you. Should be there in a few minutes. A Tour car is waiting already, in case you need medical assistance. Will you ride on?”
“The cars, the hotel, everything. Not that I’m complaining about our accommodation or equipment. But Jaguars, seriously? What happened to the humble Skodas most teams use?”
“The tracks are inconclusive,” scoffs Remington. “You’re welcome to have a look. It’s just a big mucky swamp now because of the rain.”
The longer they talk, the easier it gets to understand one another, and the clearer her outline gets. She is still mostly invisible, but after an hour of amiable conversation, Sherlock can see her movements, especially if she is holding items such as her spoon to gesticulate with. They part ways when the bells of St. Mary’s Church down the road strike five in the morning. Marla heads upstairs. John and Sherlock retire to their bedroom.
“Anyway, concerning the horse killings we are back at square one. I would like to talk to Dr. Hensley, though, and have a look at the results of the first autopsy and toxicology report.”
“He told me he was working for Lord Moran as his personal valet, and once even showed me the estate. He had the use of his lordship’s sports car when he didn’t need it, like last night. That struck me as a little unusual. I mean, which upper class person lets his servant drive his car for his own pleasure? Dick always boasted that they were more like friends than master and servant, and the fact that he was allowed so many liberties – unless he simply took them, which I wouldn’t put beyond him – seemed to confirm it.”
Sherlock bites his lower lip thoughtfully. “I had planned to originally, but I may have to postpone it to tomorrow morning. There’ll be plenty of time after breakfast, given that we won’t have a transfer in the morning like many of the other teams. This evening, I’ll have to make sure my time trial bike hasn’t suffered in transit and probably make some small adjustments. Molly and her team have been doing excellent work so far, but I am particular and very meticulous when it comes to this discipline.”
The addressed nods, again keeping his eyes down. Knox’s demeanour is quite the opposite, however. “Actually, Alastair, I’ve been meaning to address this matter with you. We’re still desperately short on staff,” growls Knox with his habitual lack of tact, his infamous temper rising. Well, at least he gets things done that way.
“Hoo hoo,” comes from the direction of Mrs Hudson’s door, making John jump slightly. She peeks out, her hair in curlers, and smiles. “Long day, John?”
So caught up in his deductions is he that only belatedly Sherlock remembers his manners. Not that he usually considers them a necessity. Still, better be civil. He looks up into a pair of eyes almost as dark blue as the wool of the naval uniform
Sherlock gazes up at him. John hopes he hasn’t insulted or even hurt him with his words after all. His expression is unreadable – until he starts laughing. Here they are, the multiple chins John loves to much, here are the crinkles at the corners of his eyes.
As Sherlock watches him, his eyes tracing John’s spine, his well-proportioned shoulders and upper arms, he feels blood rush into his cheeks ... and other parts. Oh, interesting, although not entirely surprising. Their conversation and activities of the previous night flood his mind and he swallows, imagining he can still feel the pressure of John’s lips on his, the rasp of his stubble, the texture and slickness of his tongue, and how his hand feels in Sherlock’s curls. A tightness in his throat makes him swallow. John said they could still change their minds and step back from ... whatever it is that has developed between them. As if that were so easy. As if it were even desirable. Even though he is positively terrified of what embarking on a relationship with John Watson could entail, Sherlock does not want their close association, the affection and mutual trust to end. He wants to wake up to John doing his morning routine every day, he realises, and the thought does strange, warm things to his insides.
Aware of the stress the policeman put on the numeral, Sherlock replies gravely, ”Of course not, sir.”
The vicar smiles benignly at him, seemingly not sharing John’s worries about creating gossip. “Oh, dear Mrs. Suffield, she has quite a lively company at her house. Three young ladies, and all so charming. I just wish I’d see them in church more often. You can see the house from here.” He points to the right. “Behind the thatched roof over there, the house with the ornamental brick work in the gable and the large elm tree next to it.”
“Shit,” hisses John, shutting the drawer quickly and looking around. Sherlock is leaping towards him, throwing the keycard onto the bed. “The wardrobe, quickly. Get in.” He pulls open the sliding door of the large closet, shoves John inside and follows, closing the door just in time for Fratelli and a cleaning lady to step into the room.
“Well, at least he went to fetch me. Perhaps bring him a little gift or something. Now, do you need help with getting dressed?”
The Warringtons have occupied a table on the veranda overlooking the garden, screened from the bright morning sun by a large parasol. Vanessa is chatting with Mariella who has just served them coffee, and milk for Tiffany. Both Daniel and Vanessa look as if they didn’t get much sleep the previous night, but not due to any amorous activities but rather because they stayed up talking. There have been tears, too, and lots of coffee.
he tells himself. As he opens the door of the canteen, he reminds himself sternly to concentrate on the case from now on instead of wasting precious mental capacity on pining
He releases Sherlock’s hands to stroke his hair. Sherlock’s hands begin to wander. They roam over John’s ears and face, his neck and shoulders before they settle on his back to draw him closer. The kiss deepens. Tentatively, Sherlock touches his tongue to John’s, hesitates briefly when John responds in kind, to then become bolder and begin to explore John’s mouth. Again, he is thorough and experimental, and there is something touching and sweet about how much concentration he devotes to the task. John has kissed and been kissed by a lot of people in his life, but this feels new and heady, particularly because it isn’t perfect. It’s sloppy and a bit awkward. Sherlock is clearly lacking skill and experience. He makes up for it with curiosity and utter dedication. John is touched. He’s never been the subject of such devoted, minute exploration during kissing or other intimate acts. Perhaps, he reasons, he should have known that Sherlock would be like this. Always the scientist, the observer. Braving this unknown terrain in this way may also give Sherlock some sense of control and security. John is happy to tag along wherever he decides to go.
? Well, no wonder, I reckon, with my ‘insatiable sex-drive and preference for disturbing practices.’”
“Then I got on the train and we took off to Edinburgh. I went as far as Carlisle where I had a bit of a break, came back on the return train, arrived after dawn today, spent two hours cleaning the machine, had a cuppa at the station, and walked back home.”
Sherlock gave him a soft, sad smile. “I am sorry, John, for what I had to put you through. I truly am. But as I told you before, I would do it again. I would do anything, anything, to keep you safe.”
Sherlock settled back to stare at the ceiling again. “It took place at the end of Easter Term in June at the Sidney Sussex Boat Club’s clubhouse that was shared with Corpus Christi, Girton, and Wolfson boat clubs, meaning lots of people from other colleges were present. The place was packed, the music obnoxiously loud, most people already mostly drunk when we arrived. After watching Victor and his rowing mates get – I think ‘wasted’ is the expression – I fled outside into the garden. There was a fairly quiet spot sheltered by trees. I’d brought a book and had confiscated half a bottle of a fairly decent wine. I don’t remember why I didn’t just return to the college and my room, but the evening was fair and I rather enjoyed watching the cyclists and pedestrians on the other side of the Cam from my hideout, and the fireflies fluttering between the trees and the reeds and grasses on the river’s borders. It was the first time I had seen fireflies in the city, and their presence struck me as fairly remarkable.
“Yes, please,” both Sherlock and John reply immediately. For the first time since their arrival, Mrs. Flint’s stern face thaws into a faint smile. “Very well. Some sandwiches, too, I’d suggest.”
Sherlock approves of this plan. He feels he needs a moment away from John’s proximity to reorganise his mind palace after the recent earthquake (not the fall but rather the touching). In the privacy of his bedroom, he sags against the door and stands for a moment, just trying to breathe without wincing and to calm his racing heart. He is proud of himself of not falling to pieces entirely when John touched his skin, although certainly, the doctor must have noticed the goose-bumps that rose in the wake of his fingers.
“Tripping, or falling out of a tree. Isn’t that so, Tiffany?” he calls out, looking into the gloom under the trees and focusing on one of the surviving beeches, the branches of which rustled suspiciously a moment ago.
John jerks up his chin to return his gaze steadily. The stand looking at each other until Sherlock begins to fidget, shifting his phone from hand to hand nervously, and finally dropping his gaze. John smiles, then laughs softly.
“We’ll manage. We carried him inside, too, remember, after he tried to run,” says the American. “He’s fucking heavy for somebody that skinny. We should’ve just thrown them both down the elevator shafts and poured some concrete on them and been done. No idea why the boss wanted us to carry them down there, only then to change his mind and bring him up and talk to him.”
“Yeah, and you almost sawed off your hand in the process. You needed three stitches, for God’s sake. Please, do me the favour and wait for me.”
“Hm,” hums John. “I’m curious about Wilkes and Trevor. Both seemed really pissed off today. And no wonder. Trevor lost yellow without any fault of his own.”
“Downstairs in 221C. They should have been turned over, so that the shelves rest on the supports and not hang from them.”
Even though he barely contributes to the lively conversation, being lost in thoughts about what Molly deduced about him, and what she told him about the missing messages, Sherlock finds that time passes quickly. After another round of tea and biscuits and some talk about the latest films and music, it’s time to get ready to head out to tonight’s venue. The women withdraw to the cloakroom to refresh their lipstick and do things with their hair, while John and Sherlock wait outside the canteen with their bicycles. Sherlock quickly fills John in on what Molly has told him about the missing transcript.
John smiles and nods, licking his lips. He sips from his ale, before leaning back against the bench with a sigh and closing his eyes. “Wake me when our food arrives.”
“The last journey doesn’t, but I think we can narrow down the location. The faint salt-lines on her t-shirt under her arms suggest that she walked a considerable distance and broke a sweat. The state of her hair supports this theory. It’s somewhat strainy around her ears. She sweated, it dried again but she didn’t brush it to separate the strands again.
“Thank you, John,” he says, sounding out of breath as well but not gasping for air as badly as John. “Take it easy now and enjoy the rest of the ride. I’ll take it from here.” Another pat on his back, a hand running along to his shoulder and squeezing it, and Sherlock overtakes him. Magnussen, Baskerville, Ricoletti and Wilkes are right behind him. Apparently, it’s going to be the race of the top six from now on. John forces his bike up the steep inner side of the next bend before slowing down. He’s done. His legs are shaking, he is fighting for breath. Dimly, he notices people running alongside him, crying out in various languages. Someone empties a bottle of cold water over his head which rouses him slightly. Realising that he’s been lurching from side to side of the road in narrow serpentines, he steadies his bike.
Sherlock, of course, noticed. “What?” he demanded, mouth half full, döner gripped firmly in both hands.
Sherlock shrugged. “Perhaps. But that’s how she is. She values intellectual prowess above all else, and the appropriate application and use of it, as she once put it. She thinks I’m wasting my potential. As much as I admire her own work and her dedication to it, even with that kind of intellectual challenge I’d die of boredom, having to spend all my days in a lab or attending conferences or struggle for seeing my research funded. And I don’t really want or need a Nobel Prize to be able to claim my life’s pursuits have been vindicated.”
