Slick pulsed from Castiel’s hole to help ease the way, as Dean began to move. “Alpha,” the Omega groaned and dropped his head onto his arms as Dean slid his cock out to the tip then thrust back in. Castiel’s cock hung hard and heavy from its sheath. Precome beaded at the head as Dean hit his prostate over and over.
“So big, Alpha,” Castiel moaned as he gave another swivel of his hips. “Does it feel good, that huge cock sinking into my tight, slick hole?”
“Dean,” Sam groaned as he clutched the grande coffee cup. “Come on, man, this would be the fourth case we’ve taken without a single break! It’s been three weeks since we left the bunker, three weeks of staying in shitty motels, eating shitty greasy fast food, three weeks since…” Sam trailed off at the stern look on his brother's face.
Dean rolled his eyes as he swatted his mate’s ass. “Take off your boxers and roll over on your stomach.” Dean watched in amusement as his Alpha scrambled to remove the only article of clothing he had on and flopped over onto his stomach. With a fond shake of his head, the Omega reached over to the dresser and opened the bedside drawer to remove a small bottle of unscented massage oil.  Cas peeked over his shoulder at the sound of the drawer and commented, “Seems only fair you ditch your boxers too.”
“You're only twelve right?” Castiel asked, waiting until Sam bobbed his head in confirmation before continuing, “Then how do you know you are going to be an Omega? How’s that possible?”
.” The Omega leaned forward slowly and gazed into Dean’s eyes. “You are my Alpha, I couldn’t let my mate die.”
Castiel had known from the time he was a youngling that when the time came for him to mate, his father would find him a suitable Alpha of equal power and stature. So, Castiel just let them talk, ignored the whispers of those Alphas calling him stuck up and prudish. None of it mattered to him anyway. Despite the odds being against him, he was holding out hope that his father would one day find his true mate, the Alpha that was made only for him. He would gladly sing songs of seduction and comfort for his true mate.
“Well.” Dean snorted at his snarkiness as he closed his hand around Castiel’s and  found himself suppressing a shiver at how
Dean and Cas turned, both of them quickly rising to their feet. Sam and Gabe flanked them on either side, the four of them effectively shielding the couple from the specter. The hunters and angels sized up the spirit as he stood there, staring and unmoving.
“Fuck me, knot me!” Castiel keened as he tried to push back on Dean’s cock only to have the alpha clench his hip roughly, stilling him.
“He’s like all Alpha’s,” Bill chimed in as he wrapped his arm around Ellen. “We don’t want others seeing what's ours after we’ve claimed them.”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas’ words quivered as he spoke. “It’s so beautiful.” The Omega was reverently looking down at the gift he held tightly in his hands, still nestled inside the box.
“How could you mess with such magic,” Triton admonished. “The Gods could have punished you, taken away your magic!”
The Alpha could practically taste it on his tongue; his mind was flooded with joyous memories of his past and scenarios, possibilities of a happy future with the Omega,
“Fuck,” Dean groaned as he rode out his orgasm in shallow thrusts, pressing himself completely against the length of Cas’ back.
“And I still concur,” Cas hummed before he placed another peck on the Alpha’s lips. “So, can I come into the kitchen now?”
“Oh, oh!” Gabe bounced up and down in his seat before leaning forward and wrapping his arms around Cas, causing the Omega to jerk and the car to swerve. “I have an idea!”
Dean could tell the stranger had a good physique, even all tangled in his tan trench coat, his thighs were thick and filled out his slacks perfectly, his dress shirt racked up to reveal a tanned strip of stomach and sharp hip bones… Dean let his eyes rake back up over the man’s chest and he blinked, realizing those gorgeous blues were staring up at him with a look of intense curiosity.
Dean smiled and finished his own drink, leaning back on the bench seat and rubbing his stomach. “Man, that was good,” he commented, smiling as Castiel agreed eagerly. Together, they’d managed to devour all of the steak except for a small piece and all four of the baked potatoes. Most of the salad was gone, too, much to Dean’s surprise. The sun was starting to set and regretfully, Dean had to work early in the morning. “Thank you for comin’ over to eat with me.”
“There’s nothing to apologize for, not anymore,” Cas answered back, tucking his head in close and kissing Dean’s mark. He settled against the Alpha’s chest, pressing his ear over his mate’s heart. “We’re good, Dean, okay? We will take our time learning each other again, find all the things we love, learn all the things we hate. We’re going to be stronger, Dean, I know it.”
Dean was about to give up and eat the piece himself when he saw something black dart across the backyard. He smiled as he watched the cat for a moment, then started clicking his tongue at it. He sounded stupid, not at all like someone trying to call a cat, but it did the job and the cat stopped chasing whatever it was after and turned to look at him.
Castiel was silhouetted against the glittering lights of the tree, and the flames from the fireplace bathed his Omega in a golden light. Those same flames made Castiel’s skin glow, made the sex sweat glisten. Everything about this picture was absolutely sinful. Castiel was the epitome of sex in this very moment.
“Never!” Ellen pushed away from the chair, moving over to the bed and throwing her arms around both of the boys and pulling them in. “I love you boys, more than anything. There is nothing you could ever do that would change that. Getting mated is a beautiful thing, and when you two are ready? I will be the first in line to celebrate with you!”
Dean nodded, forced himself to smile, and took a final drag of his drink before tucking the flask into his pocket. Benny exited first, waiting for Dean silently and patiently at the front of the car.
“Deal!” Gabriel grabbed a handful of candy then handed the pumpkin to Meg and Lisa as he began. “So, it was Halloween and I was heading out to pick up Dean and Cas ‘cause we were going to ride here to Stull together. This cool dude named Don, who was a few dorms down from mine, asked me if I wanted some gummy bears. And me being me, someone who would
“Here.” She opened the last door on the left and flipped on the lights, revealing a nice sized bathroom painted in hues of purple. She stepped off to the side and let them walk past her. “You boys take your time, we will be in the kitchen waiting.” Ellen gave them a soft smile and shut the door behind her, giving them privacy.
“Well then,” Dean opened the car door, “let’s go to a spooky party at a haunted house and see if we won.”
He paused by the tree next to Cas and threw his head back, howling at the moon before turning his attention back to the Omega with a fierce but playful smirk.
, the Omega mentally scolded himself. He wouldn't be surprised if he was fired on the spot. Stupid flat tire... if he hadn’t came out this morning to find his tire
The black cat yawned and stretched before sauntering over to Arthur. He sniffed at the treats once and Dean held his breath, waiting to see what the cat would do. The cat leaned even closer and promptly bit the Alpha’s finger. Arthur ripped his hand back, flinging the treats in the air as he yelped and examined his hand. The cat completely ignored the commotion and leapt down from the railing to go find a nice spot to lay in the sun.
“Dean,” Cas gasped as the Alpha’s hands gripped his ass cheeks, kneading them, letting his fingertips drift closer to his mate’s crack where the was Omega was beginning to become wet with arousal. “Please,” Cas whimpered and Dean looked up meeting his mate’s eyes.
“Ellen,” Bobby said softly, giving her a look, “it’s a hard enough conversation as it is without you being passive aggressive.”
Castiel could feel his heart pounding in his chest as they walked through the halls of his past, the ache becoming almost unbearable as he saw the ghost of Dean Winchester around every corner; his old locker where Dean would sneak in love notes and the janitor closet where they had more than a few very heated makeout sessions, the AP History classroom where he and Dean had realized they were true mates after Cas had returned to school after his first heat…
Castiel sat perched on the window bench in his bedroom, his favorite spot in the entire castle. Not only did he have the peace and quiet that he often craved, but also the best view of all of Atlantis.
Dean nodded, lips finding Castiel’s mating mark and sucking it gently into his mouth. “I’m still sorry I ruined dinner,” he whispered against Cas’ skin, feeling embarrassed all over again.
“C’mon,” Dean croaked as he stumbled back, pulling on Castiel to get him out of his fear induced stupor. “Let’s go, Cas.” The Alpha looked back to the woman and instantly felt the temperature in the room drop. Dean shivered as he realized that she was no ‘doll’, but the
“Phone,” Cas held out his hand and the Archangel snapped his fingers, the cell immediately appearing in the Omega’s hand. Cas snapped a picture of the clue before he started his search.
Dean nodded and holding his trident at his side, he bowed before looking up into His Majesty’s eyes. “Then I’d be honored.”
“You better do that now so you don’t forget.” Castiel shifted closer to his brother as he murmured, “Dean said Ellen would have a fit if we forgot the socks and underwear.”
Dean chuckled and swatted Castiel’s ass, urging him forward. “Go on then, I just have to find my phone…” Dean located where his jeans had been kicked and he fished his phone from the back pocket, following after Castiel who was already in the kitchen with his head in the fridge.
“Okay,” Castiel whispered as he leaned into Dean’s touch and licked a stripe up his Alpha’s sweat soaked throat, smiling at the shiver it elicited. “I’d like that very much. I think it would be fun to spend some time in here, with you, learning about something you seem to really enjoy doing.”
Dean shrugged, shaking his head at his siblings and shoveling a large bite into his mouth, chewing loudly. Across from him, Jo sighed, kicking at his shin under the table.
“Maybe just a little.” Dean admitted as his thumb stroked his Omega’s sharp jawline. “But only because you get all cuddly.”
Rowena came to a stop in front of the mates with a huge grin. “You boys ready?” She held up a small silver vial and shook it.
The Omega let out a broken moan as Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist pulling him closer. They kissed slowly, languidly. It was sweet and gentle. Dean wanted this kiss to convey that he was glad his journey led him to Castiel, to his true mate.
“And I’m sure there have been many,” Claire snorted. “Manwhore,” she teased with an impish glint in her eyes.
That had only grown. Castiel was smart, charming, handsome as all hell, and Dean counted himself lucky to have him as his best friend. There were plenty of girls in their grade who were less than quiet about their disappointment in not being Castiel’s type, and he knew that the moment the right guy came along for Cas, they would be scooped up and immediately enthralled, just like Dean had been.
“I see what you are doing, Winchester.” He pointed an accusing finger at him. “You are trying to win the cat over with food! I’m on to you, and mark my words, I will get that key before you!” Crowley huffed as he stormed back to his truck and peeled out, swerving as he sped down the street.
Jo reached over and took the acorn from Lucifer’s fingers. She hummed gently, twisting it between her fingers and holding it up to the sun to inspect it. “I don’t know…” she said softly, shaking her head before dropping it and picking up one from the pail and doing the same inspection. “I’m starting to think that this side of the yard has some really awful acorns, honestly. We might have to go to a different patch.”
Dean blew out a breath, only moving when he heard Castiel start down the stairs. When he returned to his room, Sam was sitting on his bed, reading
The can was cold in his hand, dripping slightly from the July heat, but it felt good against his skin. Lucifer lifted it, rubbing the drops across his forehead before popping it open and taking a sip.
“Oh, yeah.” Dean shook his head clearing his lusty thoughts. The Omega was grinning impishly at him. “You were teasing me on purpose, weren’t you?!”
“Great.” Dean sighed as his head dropped forward and he pinched the bridge of his nose. “So the ‘fake’ haunted house? Not so fake after all.”
The Omega cuddled against Dean’s side just as his brother twisted the knob. Finn barreled in, knocking Gabriel backwards. The Alpha grunted and glared at the sea lion as he closed the door.
“No,” Cas barked as he strode over to them, hellfire and brimstone in his eyes. “It’s his freedom, a way to be with his family again. Something you have kept from him far to long. It. Is. Not. Yours!” The Omega’s voice boomed throughout the room and the witch cowered in fear. Dean and Sam’s eyes widened at the sheer ferocity in the angel’s tone.
“Feel good?” Dean grunted as Castiel fisted his cock faster. The Alpha dipped in a third finger and pushed deeper, fingertips rubbing that special spot that drove his Omega wild with want.
A sudden movement at his feet made him freeze and he laughed as he saw Castiel’s cat had joined him and was busy batting at the leaves stuck on one of the prongs of his rake.
“I’m just… trying to do something, okay?” The excuse didn’t work and Dean rolled his eyes as Sam snorted at him. “I don’t want to tell anyone in case it doesn’t work.”
“And for dinner,” a bright smile spread across Gabriel’s lips, “double bacon lover’s cheddar steak burgers, with garlic butter toasted buns. Added to that, the best homespun vanilla malts in New Harmony, a side of Cajun curly fries for Dean-o and chipotle sweet potato fries for my baby bro.”
The man on the ground blinked once, still owlishly staring up at Dean, though he’d stopped squirming around on the pavement. “From Heaven?” The stranger replied in a deep gravelly voice that had Dean’s inner wolf perking up. He watched as the man struggled to push himself up onto his elbows, succeeding just as Dean was about to offer help, and met Dean’s gaze. His nose scrunched up as he continued, “Do you want my numbe—”
Once they arrived Dean flashed his badge to the security guard manning the elevators that lead to the morgue. After a short ride down the pair walked the long basement hallway to get to the M.E.’s office. As they trudged along Dean couldn’t help but think that the drive there had gone by far too quickly for his liking. The alpha took in a deep breath as his shoulder brushed against Castiel’s. Dean furrowed his brows and sniffed the air again, he picked up the faint scent of cedar and amber. The alpha stopped and pulled Castiel against him, burying his nose in the omega’s neck. There it was, mixed with Castiel’s cardamom and smoky vanilla. A low, unbidden rumbling growl spilled past Dean’s lips.
“Still a cheater,” the Omega teased as he peeked past Dean’s shoulder, a glimmer of something catching his eye.
“Guess that's our cue to get up,” Castiel grumbled around a yawn as he blinked up at Dean, bleary eyed.
“We still have half of the spiced bourbon peach apple pie.” Castiel nipped at Dean’s bottom lip playfully. “How about I warm you up a slice of that instead?”
Dean searched Castiel’s face, his eyes darting down to look at Castiel’s lips before back up again. “I... “ he cleared his throat, nervous, “I’m not dreaming, right?”
The Siren shook his head determinedly. “I won’t risk killing an innocent. The only way I will ever sing my death song again is if I know an Alpha is deserving to hear it, like the one that killed my mother.”
Dean looked around the backyard, the deck light shining bright enough to light most of it up. He furrowed his brow as he thought of the last time he’d seen the cat. It had been before his shower and in his own yard, so Dean trailed his gaze over in that direction even though he knew the cat wouldn’t be in the same place.
“I want, I want,” Cas whimpered as his Alpha continued to use his hands and mouth to lavish him with attention, causing the Omega’s brain to short circuit as his body heated with need and his hole grew slick from pleasure.
Gabriel grinned brightly. “Oh, that’s great!” He slapped them both on the shoulders. “Dean, you meet Cassie at the diner at seven.”
The look on Dean’s face could only be described as pure shock as the snowball made contact, hitting his Alpha square in the chest. The frosty ball burst into fragments that landed on his face and beanie. Dean gasped as he wiped the slush from his face. His shocked look bleeding into utterly betrayed.
Dean bopped his head along to the third track, “The Next Storm,” as he debated engaging Sam further. It seemed everyone was out to torture him, which, okay, he didn’t blame them for their ribbing. But, come on! Since it
Dean sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face. Fine. This was just his life now, he thought. He decided to just ignore his rude baby brother for the time being. Dean grabbed his laptop from the coffee table ahead of him and Googled “Frank Turner,” before he navigated his way to his official website to find out more about the guy. His eyes almost bulged out of his head when he saw just how many tour dates he’d had in the past, and how many he had coming up, still.
I'm sorry to hear about your difficult times, Dean. Thank you for sharing that with me. I didn’t mean to pry. But I get it. It’s… it’s a defiant life affirming sentiment, one laced with hope.
Dean could understand that. He dropped back onto his couch while pondering Castiel’s question for a moment before realizing he didn’t need to think much about it at all.
Cas threw his head back with a laugh. “Exactly! And once we finish our beer if you decide you want to head deeper in the crowd we can do that, too.”
Satisfied with his little dance break in the crowd, Frank started making his way back to the stage. He clambered up quickly and resumed singing in earnest while bouncing around the stage with his band. The hole in the crowd he had created quickly filled back up as everyone began dancing with all their hearts, silently coming to the understanding that this was their last chance to do so. Some people waltzed even though the tempo had picked up again, some jumped, some moshed, some even tried to get crowd surfing again.
“If youre sure,” Dean replied again, “then yeah. Im dying to go. Franks been all I can listen to since I first heard him.”
“Thanks, man,” Dean said as Ash handed over his burger, fries, and Coke. “Who do you have on right now?” he asked, pointing at the speakers over the bar.
“Nope!” she replied, popping the p at the end, “we just want to spread the word; there’s a lot of great artists on the label with Frank. Here, I think I have download cards, too.” And with that, Kate began digging back through her magical tote bag of swag.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” Frank yelled as the final notes of “Photosynthesis” rang out. “One more song! Let’s fucking do this!”
On a late Friday night, just as Dean had finished loading his dishwasher his phone beeped from somewhere on the counter. It was another message from Castiel, which made Dean smile. He was growing quite fond of him already and was glad to have a friend who didn’t seem to judge him or want to constantly take the piss out of him. The show was only days away now, and their conversations never really ended. They just continued on with them throughout each day.
Dean looked out at the room. The crowd was like a living, breathing beast of its own. It moved and spoke as one, and everyone seemed so blissfully
It had already been a long morning, full of rude customers who had been testing Dean’s patience. He pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes and shook his head, taking a moment to gather himself before getting out of his pride and joy, his 1967 Chevrolet Impala, and heading into the Roadhouse for lunch. He usually brown-bagged it every day, but on top of everything else going on today, of course, he forgot his lunch on the kitchen counter. He sighed before opening the door to the familiar dark bar and grill, plastering on a smile to avoid getting the third degree from Ellen and Jo, his mother and little sister for all intents and purposes.
He sat back again once his impulse purchase was complete, then found himself on Facebook where he meandered through a group called The Frank Turner Army that had over 15,000 members. He wasn’t really one for fan groups for anything, but, dammit, he needed to find people to talk to about this music and it seemed his brother and de-facto sister were not going to be the ones he could turn to. He requested to join and closed the page.
“Hey, Joooooooo!” Dean sing-songed as she approached him with his bill, eyeing him warily. “Who’s got two thumbs and a ticket to see Frank Turner now? This guy!” he laughed while flashing some cheesy thumbs-up at her.
By the end of “Get Better” Cas and Dean were screaming along with Frank, their beer bottles clutched to their chests in one hand while the others were raised above their heads to finger point for emphasis. They shouted, “we can get better, because we’re not dead yet. We can get better, because we’re not dead yet!” and as the song abruptly ended, they cheered as loud as they could. Dean turned to Cas with a wide wild smile on his face, buzzing half from the beer and half from the energy in the room. Cas just kept applauding and laughing in elation, smiling back at Dean.
They shared small smiles while drinking their water and belting along to a few more slower songs, like “The Ballad of Me and My Friends” and “The Opening Act of Spring.” Castiel really liked the latter, as Dean had learned, he had a small obsession with plants and bees. They decided to stay on the side for one more song, “The Road,” to make sure they had fully caught their breath as they finished rehydrating.
“Should we get on line?,” Castiel gestured to the queue that was slowly filtering into the venue as he began walking to the back of it.
artists. And this song was new! Well, it came out in 2015 according to Genius.com, where he’d been obsessively reviewing the lyrics, but that was new for him!! New
Before he knew it, Jenny was up to her final song of the night, which she told the crowd was called “Last Person” as she thanked them for their time and attention. Cas turned to him smiling as she said the title of the song, leaning in to speak again. “This is one I know!” he said excitedly, as he quickly turned back towards the stage and cupped around his mouth to amplify his whoop. Dean just laughed.
He thought. Folk music wasn’t really his thing, like, at all. Yet he had to admit he had been enjoying the last 20 minutes of whatever he heard. Knowing he was about to get mercilessly teased, he swallowed the last of his Coke and stood up to leave.
It was another two weeks later, with two weeks to go to the local show, when Dean saw it. A post in that fan group he joined from someone claiming to have a spare ticket to the gig Dean was basically desperate to attend at that point. Swallowing nervously, he typed out a comment alongside the others that had already expressed interest: “I’d love to go. Never saw him live before, just became a fan.” He read it over a few times before nodding to himself and pressing enter to send it with an exhale. Despite being in the fan group for about a month now, Dean had never commented on any posts. He had hardly interacted at all beyond a few likes here and there, mostly just content to lurk and watch discussions play out in real-time.
“Whoa, this is my first show so I didn’t know what to expect, but free merch definitely wasn’t close to anything I thought would happen.” Dean replied as he started sorting through his small haul of goodies.
“Frank Turner. He’s kind of folksy, kind of punk. Depends on which song or album you’ve got on. I heard him on the radio a few weeks ago,” she explained, shrugging.
Dean chuckled and rocked back on his heels. And then the drums started. Hard, brash, and undeniably familiar. Oh. God. Frank Turner was opening with his favorite fucking song! Dean felt like his eyes were bulging out of his head at the realization, and, without thinking, he reached out to grab Cas by the wrist in an effort to ground himself. Cas turned to him smiling wildly, and there was nothing in the world that could stop Dean from returning the look. Then, a tall, somewhat lanky figure in black skinny jeans and a white button-down shirt ran out to center stage and started to sing. And Dean was right there with him, swept away with Cas at his side.
What if Frank Turner’s set didn’t live up to what he imagined? What if he played songs Dean didn’t know? What if he and Cas got separated in the crowd; would he be okay on his own? Why did he care so much about being separated from someone he only met tonight, anyway?
Punishing drums came rushing out. Ah, “Four Simple Words” was to be the final song of the evening then, Dean thought, though it seemed that they were skipping the first verse -- opting instead to jump straight into the second one. Doing so erased the slow build of the song, which made it a hard and fast ordeal. One that inspired the pit to open back up and crowd surfers to rise again. In the chaos, Dean and Castiel were pushed forward through the crowd a bit more than they had been all night long. They shared an amused look as they sang along, not caring one bit. It was the end of the night -- why not end up down the front?
He understood exactly what Dean was feeling about that song and put it into words. Right there on his screen.
They shared small smiles and just stared at one another for a few moments where the chaos surrounding them seemed to melt away.
A few songs had played through while he checked his emails, laughed at memes in his group chats, and hopped over to Twitter to see what the world was gossiping and arguing about today. Then he heard it. The harsh drumbeat that had originally caught his attention during his lunch hour. He sat upright, putting his beer down as he quickly switched his apps over to open Spotify up to double-check what he was listening to. The song that had swept him off his feet was titled “Get Better.”
“Ah, some English guy Jo recently got into. Any time it looks like I’m even going near her phone, she bites my head off thinking I’m going to change the playlist,” he laughs while wiping down the bar top. “I’ll send her out when she finishes up in the office.”
He pulled away, shrugging slightly and turned back to the stage, and Dean turned his head slightly to watch Cas watch her for a few beats. Dipping his head to hide his smile again, he turned back to the stage to watch the rest of Jenny’s set with Cas, whooping loudly and clapping as well as one could with a beer bottle in one of two available hands. Cas kept laughing at Dean’s struggles to applaud, and eventually, after her fifth song, held up his free hand towards Dean as if he wanted a high-five. With a furrowed brow, Dean looked between Cas’ hand and the man himself, and slowly raised his own hand to high-five back. Cas smiled wide, a big gummy thing that scrunched his nose, and made crinkles appear near his eyes, and he pulled his hand back to smack it against Dean’s wildly as if they were applauding like everyone else with two free hands. They both dissolved into laughter at this once the next song began, which surprisingly was a cover of Nelly’s “Hot in Herre,” which, of course, only made them laugh more.
He browsed for a while, before he got up to start his nightly rituals. One post stuck out in his brain as he crawled into bed; it was sharing a new batch of just announced tour dates for a month or so from now. There had been hundreds of comments on it. Everyone had been buzzing with excitement, wondering about when tickets went on sale, gushing about how many shows they were planning on going to, planning pre-show meet-ups. That wasn’t something Dean had ever felt or experienced before, but he had noticed that one of the shows would be at a venue only a 45-minute drive from where he lived. Compared to some of the other comments he’d seen, that wasn’t bad at all. Not like driving Baby was a hardship to endure. He made a mental note to look into the tour more as he clicked off his bedside lamp.
If you had told Dean this would happen, to expect it from someone he befriended online a few weeks prior, he wouldn’t have believed it. Or would have thought it was incredibly corny, at the very least. But all he could do was laugh along with Cas, like this was just something they did all the time and not the first time two veritable strangers were hanging out. It wasn’t too much, it wasn’t awkward, it just felt natural to be next to him with music he liked surrounding them and vibrating within their cells.
Dean turned back to Cas and nodded, he did want to go further into the crowd. To become one with them all. Castiel grabbed his wrist again and the two started to snake their way past the outer edges of the audience to make their way further up towards the center. When he found a place he was satisfied with, he turned around to check in with Dean, raising a thumbs up in silent question, “is this good?” Dean nodded and returned the gesture, just in time to join in singing for the big refrain:
“WHAT? How! Who are you going with since me and Sam can’t go? That’s not even FAIR! You wouldn’t even know him if not for me! HEY! Get back here!”
Once Frank started the “ohhhh” chants at the end of the song, pink and white confetti shot out from the stage. It floated down to the crowd slowly, making the colored lights that bounced around the room look even more magical. Dean felt his heart in his throat at how incredible this all was, and he turned to say something to that effect to Castiel but stopped short once he saw the man in question with his head tilted back in a big gummy smile. Fuck, Castiel was gorgeous as he watched the confetti fall and the lights reflected off his brilliant blue eyes. Cas caught him staring again, and smiled shyly at Dean.
Dean was sort of speechless at that. He just stared at Cas, this thoughtful and kind stranger from the internet who was doing his damndest to make sure he had a great first gig, with his beer bottle halfway to his mouth. He cleared his throat as he felt his cheeks begin to flush, and let himself smile. “Thanks, Cas. That sounds like a solid plan. And hey! No one can crash into us and spill our drinks over here!”
Yeah, this song was better the second time round. And the third. And the fourth. Honestly, Dean lost track of how often he had heard it now, because midway through that first listen he just put that song on repeat and sat back on the couch and promptly zoned out. He’d only been startled back to reality when the timer on his phone went off, alerting him that his pizza was done. And even that didn’t bring him all the way back to the world, didn’t make him take “Get Better” off of repeat. It was like this guy was singing from his soul, Dean’s soul, that is.
Dean blinked a few times, stunned, and then dipped his chin to smile to himself. The mention of a father’s car being built to last, as his own pride and joy was his dad’s, was like a punch to his chest that he was not expecting in the slightest. The opening verse reminded him of his favorite kinds of days; out on the open road with good tunes and better company with the windows down and the wind whipping through your hair. He turned towards Cas, who was bouncing his head to the tempo and smiling softly. “Do you know her?,” he half-shouted, in order to be heard over the music and murmur of the crowd, nodding towards the stage.
As they waited for an opening with the bartender, Dean had finally noticed that slightly above the noise of the chattering, restless crowd, there was music playing. He tried to focus on it because it sounded like something he might enjoy, but he didn’t recognize it. Might as well refer to the expert, he figured.
“Hello, Dean. I saw your comment in the Frank Turner Army. If you’re still interested, the ticket is yours. Let me know.”
He accepted the message and wrote back as fast as his thumbs would allow. “Hi Castiel. Are you sure? I know some other people had commented before me about the ticket.”
Doors were going to open soon, and Dean tried not to look too nervous or out of place as he loitered on the sidewalk next to the queue to go in. He hadn’t been to a concert, a proper concert, in
A new song started with a chaotic sounding yell, and he checked what it was; “Out of Breath.” As he did so, intense, fast music came barrelling through that made Dean’s soul feel alight. He opened a new tab and navigated back to Genius.com to read along to the lyrics, smiling as he did so:
Yet, Dean couldn’t suppress his smile as he looked at the ink. When he looked up at Cas’ face, he felt his own flush a bit and he rubbed the back of his neck self consciously. “Thanks for sharing that with me, Cas,” he said quietly. “You know this is only my first show of his, but I really do appreciate the ticket. I can’t remember the last time, if ever, that I was excited about a new artist that was still actively touring.”
Now, it was Cas’ turn to grab Dean in an excited panic like he had done earlier. Because what the band played next was
“Can you send me this playlist so I can listen to more of it?” he asked Jo, not looking at her as he fished some cash out of his wallet to pay his bill.
Thankfully, after their sprint, Frank brought everyone down for a slight break with “I Am Disappeared.” Another one of Dean’s favorites. Based on the look on Castiel’s sweaty face, he felt similarly about the song. The two men stood shoulder to shoulder as they sang along with soft smiles, their eyes drifting closed for periods of time as they felt the gravity of the lyrics. A song like this was powerful enough, but with the addition of the crowd singing along nearly louder than Frank himself, it was nearly unbearable for Dean. He found himself tearing up a little as he felt the music vibrate within him, and he willed the tears to stay in his eyes. Not that anyone would have been able to tell due to how sweaty everyone was. As the song approached its crescendo, the crowd began clapping along, so Dean and Castiel joined in, too. He could feel it deep in his chest, the power of this song, all these songs, this music. Dean raised his right arm above his head, finger pointing again to emphasize every phrase that felt like it was being ripped out of his soul. Castiel watched him for a moment, and did the same.
Isn’t she wonderful, ladies and gentlemen?,” he asked while he twirled the woman around. Dean and Cas stood there with mouths agape, clapping and laughing at the spectacle of the show.
was what Frank sang about in so many of his songs that had left a yearning feeling deep in Dean’s chest. He was alive. He was living. He had Cas by his side. He didn’t care what happened next.
. I never got to tell you, but “I Still Believe” is my favorite song of his. I had a religious upbringing and always struggled with belief, or faith, in general. But, I like the idea of putting that faith in music and people.” Cas shrugged a little at the end, his quiet discomfort a little obvious as he shared a vulnerable piece of himself with Dean.
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin, startled by a deep voice coming from behind him. He quickly turned around to a man nearly his own height, with dark hair and blue eyes. Realizing he’d been staring for a moment too long, Dean shook his head slightly, asking “Cas?” and smiling with relief when the man nodded. He felt comforted that Castiel matched his profile photo so he was easily recognizable, but he wasn’t counting on him being nearly his height, having a voice like that, or eyes quite so blue.
“Sammy, come on, I know you like his music now. I’ve caught you listening while you study!” Dean all but whined down the phone to his goody-two-shoes, law-school-going little brother.
Dean flipped her off, not dignifying her roasting with a response, and headed out the door. Whatever, he had a name and could remember some of the lyrics to that one song he really liked, he could always Google it himself.
They stood next to each other in the back of the room, close to the bar for when they’d inevitably need another round. Shoulder to shoulder, their elbows brushed slightly as they crossed their arms over themselves and settled in to watch Jenny Owen Youngs. She appeared around their age with long blonde hair, brandishing only an acoustic guitar. She smiled warmly out at the audience and greeted them, and Dean and Cas cheered as she did so. She then jumped into playing and Dean was startled briefly as, again, he felt lyrics wash over him.
In the days that followed, Dean was surprised that Castiel Novak kept in touch fairly regularly. They traded questions lazily, in no rush to get to know one another since they had time. They discussed how they each found Frank Turner’s music, what other artists they liked, and just shot the shit about their days in general. A week out from the gig, Castiel talked about other shows he’d been to and what Dean could expect of the upcoming one.
He snorted; yeah, that sounded like his kind of album. He saved Jo’s playlist to his account, went back to the album proper, took the app off of shuffle mode, and allowed the album to play through normally. He was surprised when a simple acoustic guitar and honest sounding lyrics met him in return:
Jo stepped forward again, grabbing the cash from Dean with a satisfied look on her face, clearing her throat. “Everyone! Mark the day!,” she called out to the Roadhouse at large. “August 3rd, 2021, 12:40pm. Dean Winchester expressed interest in music made in the 21st century!”
“I found her, ladies and gentlemen, the best dancer in New York!” Frank declared to the room as he started waltzing with the dazed fan while picking back up the song in broken breaths. “
Frank and the band blazed through a few more songs, and the two men sweat and danced and sang. Dean experienced his first circle pit during “Try This At Home.” He ran in circles while getting shoved with Cas right ahead of him, laughing all the way. The crowd surfing resumed for other songs like “Long Live The Queen” and “Glorious You,” though Dean and Castiel silently agreed neither of them would be partaking in that activity tonight. They jumped around like little kids for “Polaroid Picture.” Then “Plain Sailing Weather” started, one of Dean’s top songs. Probably his second favorite. And he basically lost his mind as he sang along at the top of his lungs.
Whatever, Sammy could grumble all he wanted. Dean just knew if “Get Better” didn’t get him hooked, then this one, aptly called “Demons,” surely would. And then maybe he would not need to turn to strangers online to talk to about this music.
. He let his eyes slip closed and let the music just wash over him as he absorbed it. He had to know what this song was, who it was by, he just had to know
Cas just smiled and raised his beer to clink it against Dean’s. “I hope the evening lives up to your expectations,” he said with a nod as he turned towards the stage as the opening act approached the mic and checked her guitar tuning.
Sometimes. Sometimes crowd surfing, too. It’s likely that will happen at our show but if it makes you uncomfortable we can make sure we’re not by those parts of the crowd when that happens.
Dean’s attention was drawn back to the bar with a little tap to his hand from the bartender. He smiled sheepishly for getting distracted and fumbled slightly to pay and tip. Then he was able to quickly return to his spot next to Cas, relieved no one else had swooped into their space.
It seemed Castiel picked the right spot in the set for them to take their breather, allowing them to rest during the slightly calmer songs. But now, it felt like they were ramping back up again in energy and tempo. The crowd responded in kind, with Dean and Cas right there with them, eager to scream along to “If Ever I Stray.” The song ended and Frank started directing the audience to clear out the pit. He wanted to see a circle pit, he said, a massive one. People around them scrambled to comply and somehow Dean and Castiel ended up on the edge of the circle on one side.
Cas smiled again. “That sounds like a plan,” he said while he spun on his heel in the direction of the bar.
As people did, he jumped down into the crowd, directly to the left of Dean, who turned to look at Castiel with wide eyes. Castiel shook with laughter at the face Dean made; he had clearly been trying not to freak out but was not very successful in hiding it. Frank wandered back through the crowd a bit with his microphone in hand, eventually settling in front of a random fan with his hand held out in a dramatic flourish.
Dean hastily licked the ketchup off his fingers and wiped the rest on his permanently grease-stained jeans. Sure enough, waiting in a corner of the Facebook messenger app that Dean didn’t even know existed, was a message for him. That was sent yesterday!
“Let me explain how this works,” Frank continued. “You stay on your side until I shout ‘wall of hugs!’, and not before, and then you run into the middle and you hug a stranger. Don’t hug somebody you know. Hug someone you don’t know. Find someone you don’t know and give them a fucking hug! Do it respectfully, don’t be an asshole. But give a stranger a hug! Are you gonna do this with me?” And the crowd erupted again in a resounding, definite
Dean kept the album on repeat all night long. He knew this was the beginning of something new, something to be excited about. Considering most of Dean’s days looked the same—not that there was anything wrong with routine—this really delighted him to his core. Even once he turned the music off to finally go to sleep, he found himself snuggling down under the covers in the dark, humming his new obsession with a smile on his face.
From the corner of his eye, he saw Jo take a step back as she yelled towards the office, “Wait. Wait! Ash, what day is it?”
Kate looked up quickly, having finally found the cards, and gave each man one. “Oh my GOD! You’re going to have the best time! Is it your first gig, too?,” she asked Cas.
Dean nodded and whipped out his phone to make note of the band name and song title. He was going to have to do some investigating when he next had the chance. They sounded good, toured with someone he already liked, and earned Cas’ approval? Their other stuff must be worth checking out, he thought. He was so wrapped up in taking notes, he didn’t even notice that Cas had got the bartender's attention and ordered them both two more beers.
Dean just offered a smile, and took out his ID for the bouncer to check before getting patted down by security. Castiel handed their tickets over to the woman at the door, and just like that, they were both scanned and waved inside the venue.
A few days later, Dean was back at the Roadhouse for lunch. Jo took his usual order and made sure to switch over the playlist for him, opting to put on the album
As the crowd kept parting, Frank went on talking. “By being in this room tonight, we constitute a community. And the thing about a community is, you demonstrate to each other and to the outside world through your actions the kind of values that you think are important. Right?! And this is my fucking show, so I’ll tell you what values we’re talking about. We’re talking about kindness, compassion, tolerance, and consideration. We’re talking about not judging people. We’re talking about not giving a fuck about where somebody’s from, what they believe in, who they wanna fuck, or what bathroom they wanna use.” The crowd kept erupting into louder and louder cheers of agreement as Frank shared his values. “We’re talking about making sure that every single person in this room is an equal individual, ladies and gentlemen! That’s what we’re talking about. So, with that in mind, my friends, we’re not actually going to do a ‘wall of death’ this evening. Instead, we’re going to do a ‘wall of hugs.’”
He settled back against the couch, eating and smiling to himself as he resumed his idle scrolling and reading of his phone. That is, until the second track started and he practically yeeted himself upright again. “Get Better” was track two. And by now, he’d heard it enough to hum along confidently, and even sing along to the refrain. Because, dammit, this was his new
“get better” no question is my favorite. I love the way it sounds. I love the energy of it and uh i relate to the lyrics a lot. It was the first song of his that really spoke to me so yea
As one might expect, Dean didn’t let go now that he’d found something he liked. He kept Frank Turner’s music on repeat for the next week. To the relief of everyone in Dean’s life, Frank had a deep back catalogue and they weren’t stuck with the same handful of songs rattling around their skulls to drive them mad. So, Bobby didn’t complain at work, Sam quietly accepted Dean would keep sending him links to songs to check out (and admitted he did like his music, too), and Jo made sure even if something else was playing, she’d change the playlist over when Dean walked into the Roadhouse with a nod and a wink.
Dean shook his head slightly, trying to clear away the worries that plagued him. Cas looked on at him with a furrowed brow and a slight tilt to his head, as if he was trying to figure out exactly which gears were turning inside Dean’s brain. He tried to give Cas a reassuring smile as he changed the subject. “Should we grab another round before the big event?” he asked, trying to appear nonchalant.
Thankfully, it wasn’t awkward. After all, they followed each other online for a few weeks now, and due to their frequent conversations over Facebook they sort of knew each other already. Cas revealed he’d seen Frank live over thirty times and to Dean’s shocked face, he sheepishly rolled up the sleeve of his flannel to reveal a tattoo on his forearm. His
Dean bumped his shoulder into Cas’ to get his attention after the cover ended, and held up his own empty bottle in silent question: do you want another? Cas gave a small smile, nodded, and handed his own empty to Dean. Due to most of the crowd being captivated by Jenny, there was basically no wait at the bar. He ordered and waited, turning back slightly to watch Jenny play another original song that he didn’t catch the name of but knew he liked right away. She sang:
As the song ended, he slowly opened his eyes and was startled to see Jo standing in front of him, with crossed arms and a smirk on her lips.
Castiel swallowed down a big gulp and nodded, returning the position to speak into Dean’s ear now. “Just got a little too hot from the crowd and all our dancing. Figured we both could use some water. I was going to come find you once I caught my breath but you beat me to it.”
Dean paused. He liked Castiel, and considered them friends already. But he wasn’t sure if he should open up like this to him. Not when he didn’t share those sorts of things with even his closest friends or Sammy. But he would never really feel comfortable doing that with them, and, oddly enough, the more he thought about it, he realized he did feel okay with Castiel knowing.
“I heard you were asking about my new discovery,” she said, gesturing at the ceiling to mean the music.
After a few more playthroughs of “Get Better,” Dean navigated through the Spotify app to find the album it belonged to, one called
After the bridge, the music slowed and Frank crouched down on the stage as he waved his arms back and forth. “Clear a space, clear a space!,” he urged.
Cas just rolled his eyes, a movement that was a whole-body affair, and shrugged with one shoulder. Dean opened his mouth to protest again, but Cas had grabbed him by the wrist and was leading him along the wall of the venue down towards the front of the stage.
The little link on the right side of the screen that had read “tickets” for the past two weeks next to the New York date had changed. Now it simply read “sold out.” Dean tipped his head to the backrest of the couch and banged his head repeatedly against it in frustration. He reached for his phone again, opening up his texts.
“Add to cart,” he said as he quickly went through the process of ordering a black t-shirt with big white letters spelling out “Not Dead Yet,” clearly from “Get Better.”
under his skin. The original poster, a man named Castiel Novak, had been the one to reply. “Hey, can you check your ‘other’ messages on here? I’ve sent you a DM. :)”
“Jo takes night classes now at the local community college and can’t miss a class,” Dean replied. He had been pacing his apartment while trying to convince Sam, but at the reminder of Jo also not being able to tag along with him to the gig, Dean sat back on his couch with a defeated feeling in his chest. “It’s just been so long since we did something like this, you know?”
Amidst the chaos of the crowd, the confetti, the show ending and people still chanting “ohhhhh” around them, Dean and Cas found themselves with joined hands down at the front. Dean broke out his own wild smile and felt his eyes crinkle in the corners. Distantly, he realized
Cas looked away from down the bar, first at Dean, then up at the ceiling as if it held the answer he sought. He tilted his head again slightly, like Nipper, the terrier dog in the classic ad for His Master’s Voice. After a moment he nodded and smiled with his eyes. “It’s the Menzingers. They’ve toured with Frank in the past. They’re great live. This song is called ‘Good Things.’
The song seamlessly transitioned into “The Next Storm,” one Dean was very familiar with. He bounced in his place as he sang along, his beer bottle since abandoned on a nearby ledge along the wall. Castiel saw that Dean had discarded his empty and opted to follow suit, not even bothering to finish the last half of his drink. “Do you want to head into the crowd a bit?” he asked after placing his bottle down.
It certainly didn’t feel okay, but what else could Dean say or do about it. Scrubbing his hand through his hair, he closed his laptop and decided to turn to a reliable old friend for the night: his beloved playlist. It was second nature at this point for Dean to play it before bed, and he allowed himself this little sulk tonight in the dark, with him on the couch. His eyes closed and attempts were made to slow his breathing. Calm down. Everything was fine, just like always. He’d just thought that maybe, just this once, he would get to do something he was truly excited about. Not going to the show wasn’t the end of the world, and there would be more opportunities, he repeated over and over, as he was pulled into one of his favorite songs as he drifted, “I Am Disappeared.”
He clicked on his merchandise link next, and found himself scrambling to get up to get his wallet from the sideboard by his front door.
” Dean watched and laughed, though he made sure to return the favor. The two of them were face to face, smiling and screaming along as they held their fists to their chests:
. Let alone going to one with a stranger from the internet. Granted, at this point, Castiel hardly felt a stranger but that was essentially what he was. What if this was all some long con and the ticket he sold him wasn’t genuine? What if he ditched him once they got into the venue? What if he didn’t ditch him and he turned out to be annoying as hell during the gig? There was just too much to worry about, and with nothing else to occupy his mind, Dean instead fixated on all these what if’s.
As the song ended, Dean realized Castiel wasn’t near him anymore in the crowd. He panicked slightly, looking around for his perfect gig buddy. But he couldn’t see him anywhere. Frank had already begun playing a slightly slower love song, and Dean hadn’t realized just how hard he had pushed himself through the first half of the set. He took a deep breath and wiped the sweat from his brow, before turning to weave back through the crowd to where he and Castiel had been standing earlier at the start of Frank’s set.
He enjoyed this one, but it wasn’t one he’d paid as much attention to. Dean thought he should probably try to fix that at some point, but there were just so many songs to know and only so many hours in the day. He noticed he had a handful of notifications on Facebook waiting for him as he tapped his phone to check the time. Surprised to see one of them as a reply to his comment in the fan group, he waited for the page to load, feeling the faint buzz of
A vibration in his hand pulled his attention from his reverie. Dean hadn’t noticed he zoned out again, missing the end of the last song and the beginning half of the next, one called “The Opening Act of Spring.” He shook his head slightly, and blinked down at his phone. A smirk formed before he even finished reading the message from Sam.
well i always feel like i have to fight for what i have, to get it and keep it. and there’s been a lot of difficult times in the past that i sometimes still struggle with but it never really stops me you know? the best people i know really are looking out for me and its a nice reminder that i really am not dead yet.
The song ended, and Frank announced there was time for two more songs. Dean couldn’t believe the night was already nearly done. He wasn’t ready for it to end. He took a deep breath as the band played an older song, “Photosynthesis.” Frank yelled out, “I want to see everybody singing. I want to see everybody dancing! I want to see everybody jumping! I wanna see some jazz hands! Let’s count this one off together, New York City, are you ready?
“Sure! Does your friend want to jump in, too?,” she asked, already walking around her table to stand next to Cas.
By the time Dean made it home and tossed his keys on the side table, he noticed Jo had texted him a link to her Spotify playlist. He immediately clicked on it and connected to the bluetooth speakers in his kitchen as he rummaged through his fridge, finally settling on a frozen pizza for dinner. He set the oven to pre-heat at 350 and settled in at the counter, holding a beer close to his chest while he caught up on all the notifications on his phone he missed throughout the day at work. He allowed the music to pull him in, not resisting, not straining to get more of it now that he had it, just basking in it while he decompressed from his day. When the oven finally beeped that it was ready, he slid the pizza in and then plopped himself down on his couch.
A few minutes later, Dean had another new notification waiting for him—a friend request from one Castiel Novak.
but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to. He always wanted to. He just wasn’t sure how or where to begin.
Dean slid onto a barstool and placed his usual order with Ash, the lovable geeky stoner working the bar, before pulling out his phone to poke at mindlessly. He just needed to breathe, get out of his head a little, and maybe this afternoon wouldn’t go so badly back at his uncle Bobby’s auto shop. Scrolling aimlessly, he found himself unconsciously bopping his head and tapping his feet along to the music piping out from the bar’s speaker system. It seemed like every song was by the same band, opposed to the miscellaneous variety of rock songs that was usually on.
Turns out, Cas emphatically singing along was pretty adorable and Dean couldn’t help but watch him enjoy himself. By the second verse Cas caught sight of Dean watching him with an amused smirk and he responded by singing the chorus directly to Dean in an over dramatic fashion:
“Hell yes,” Dean replied as he grabbed Castiel’s wrist to lead him back to where they had roughly been watching the show from before their break.
Some people laughed as Frank began to explain what he wanted everyone to do, others just kept cheering. Dean and Cas just continued to stare at each other from across the floor, smiling, while somehow managing to clap in the appropriate places.
It may have seemed silly to some, and it wasn’t something he’d audibly admit to the likes of Sam or Jo lest they tease him more for it, but it felt like Frank was narrating parts of Dean’s life. Between their similar experiences and the fact that he was around the same age as the songwriter, a deep connection to the music was forming within his soul. One that he had no control over and no desire to stop. He surrendered to it. And in doing so, he felt less isolated. Dean had a full life with a job he enjoyed and friends and family he could rely on and loved to death, but he still felt lonely. He was prone to self-sabotage and even though he was very outgoing, loud, and, some would say, brash, there was still so much of him hidden beneath the surface that rarely anyone saw -- let alone understood. This music made him feel
Sam let out a long sigh. With Cas on his brother’s side and the look of sheer enthusiasm in Dean’s eyes, there was
of you.” She glanced at Dean, seeing him peeking up through his arms and nodding once. “In a perfect world, I would say there’s no sexual activity allowed underneath this roof, but I know that’s not realistic. However, that doesn’t mean I will make it easy for you. Doors are not allowed to be closed, and that rule will go throughout the household. Unless you are changing, in a room by yourself, the doors will be open. I don’t care if it's you and Sam in your bedroom, Dean, the door will be open.
“Dean,” Sam groaned, “don’t even think about it... Wait,” Sam paused slicing the velveeta cheese for the broccoli casserole, “on second thought, go ahead. Put on your best moves! He will
“Gabriel!” Castiel sputtered as his brother dived back in to sniff at his throat. He gripped Gabriel’s shoulders and pushed him back. “Dean was a perfect gentleman last night, considering—” He looked to Dean questioningly and the Alpha gave him a curt nod, letting him know he was fine with him continuing. The Omega looked back at his brother, “he’s my True Mate.”
Silence stretched out between the two of them, the only sounds to be heard was their breathing, the birds chirping, and Jo’s laughter from the porch. It should have felt awkward, stilted, but instead Castiel felt calm, at peace for the first time since being taken from the only home he’d ever known.
“Over here!” Cas called out as he bent down by some overgrown grass on the side of the barn. In the fading sunlight, the pumpkin was glittering. He dug through it and pulled out the blue coin.
“Are you mad at me?” Lucifer whispered, holding his breath as he listened. It didn’t seem like anyone else was listening, small side conversations going on around them in hushed voices as everyone settled.
“Thank you.” Chuck held out the Bible and Castiel took it in the hand that wasn’t holding the stone and placed the book by his water. “I will give it to him and tell him there is no pressure, that if he is not ready or doesn’t want to read it he can put it up until he is, if he ever is. I will also let him know I love and accept him no matter his choice.”
Dean gave a small laugh, feeling himself blush and he looked down. “I mean, I’m aware you’re looking for a mate… It’s been entertaining to watch, to be honest.” Dean reached up, scratching the back of his neck before he took another of the screws from his mouth. Castiel was still silent so Dean cleared his throat and tried to change the subject.
It was just a glimmer. A dim glimmer, but there was definitely light. The end of the tunnel was in sight!
“It’s amazing the kind of potions witches can brew, they even have one to hide your mate’s scent.” Castiel held one hand firm to Grayson's chest, as the other reached up and moved the collar of his trench coat, revealing the mating mark. “He’s my soul bond alpha,” Castiel confirmed with a proud smile.
“I got you, Cas,” Dean repeated, letting a third finger slip in, making sure his mate was open and ready. He rolled his head to the side, capturing Castiel’s lips again as he found his mate’s prostate, swallowing the broken moan that fell from his mate’s lips.
“Wasn’t too bad,” Dean answered as he clicked his own belt into place. “I wish we were on break though, not excited for midterms next week.”
“Of course!” Dean answered, stepping back a few steps so he could see where the tool was before repositioning the stool. “Spot me?” he asked and Castiel nodded, moving behind him as Dean stepped onto the stool. Dean pressed up onto his tip toes, reaching forward until he felt the cool handle. “You know,” he said as he dragged it forward, cursing as one of the prongs got stuck in the shelf, “when’s your birthday? We’re getting you a new step stool.”
“Alright,” Dean carried on, tossing the toiletry bag into his duffel and zipping it shut, all the while pretending as if he hadn’t even heard Sam trying to start up a conversation with him. “I’m all set.” He hefted his bag up on his right shoulder and picked up Sam’s as well. “I’ll go put these in Baby while you drop the keys off at the front desk. Sound good?” Without giving Sam a chance to answer back, or God forbid, try again at a conversation, Dean nodded once and was out the door, down the stairs, and heading towards his car.
do?” Crowley paused for dramatic effect, a collective inhale from the group making a smile spread wickedly over his lips. “They
“Got another two in here!” the Alpha yelled, his voice low and muffled from the cloth and glass covering his face. Then he looked down at Castiel and Lucifer, raising a black-clothed hand to his face to free his mouth. “You’re saved.”
Sam rolled his eyes but dropped off the glasses, coming back with a stack of napkins, the salt and pepper shaker, and the butter dish. They set out the place settings in companionable silence, Dean smiling when the sound of Jo humming to Queen in the kitchen reached his ears.
“He’s a great guy,” Ketch responded as he gripped Dean’s hand. “I wasn’t lying when I said he was the best partner I ever had. So, take care of him.” Ketch snorted as he dropped Dean’s hand. “Not that he needs it.”
When their plates were clean, Dean found himself looking over at Castiel’s house again. There was plenty of chicken left… He stood, the cat straightening up to watch him, and Dean assured him he would be right back. He returned with a tupperware container and served up the leftover chicken and some of the salads, waving the cat with him as he walked over to Cas’ front door.
Ellen stared at them for a second, suddenly feeling guilty. She nodded as she reached for a few mugs, fixing herself a cup. Both boys were sitting at opposite ends of the table, leaving the center chair open and she slipped into the seat. "We should have asked, and for that I apologize," Ellen started, giving both of them a small smile. "We don't usually say grace here, Bobby's family was never really religious, and I had an... interesting upbringing as far as religion is concerned. I don't think the Winchesters are much of the praying type either."
As soon as Grayson was busy mixing drinks and not watching him, Castiel pulled the purplish-red potion from his pocket and unwound the cap with his thumb. The omega grabbed his drink from the bar top and held it by his side as he poured the concoction into it. Once he was finished, he quickly re-pocketed the empty vial, and placed his drink back on the bar. Castiel used his straw to thoroughly mix the contents before taking a large gulp. He barely held back a grimace at the knowledge he was drinking incubus saliva.
“I both can not and do not want to separate you two,” she started, giving Dean a pointed look when he opened his mouth. “If you two want to have a relationship, then of course we will support you in that. However, you are both kids and you’re both living under this roof, which means there will be rules and I
As Castiel turned, out of the corner of his eye he saw the frozen weapon coming towards him. The Omega dropped to a crouch, and with the same amount of stealth he quickly made his own snowball and launched it at Dean.
,” Castiel purred as Dean rose up, still holding the Omega. The Alpha shifted Castiel in his arms as he carried him bridal style out of the cave towards home.
“What Dean is telling you is true,” Castiel said, shocking the entire table; Dean had taken comfort in Castiel’s silent presence to calm him, Ellen and Bobby had expected Dean to speak for them both. “Dean comforted me after a really,
The omega rested back against the pillows as Dean’s fingertips danced up Castiel’s denim clad thighs until he reached the fly. The omega gave him a small smile as he spoke, “I feel like I’m being unwrapped like a present.”
Cas nodded and snorted. “Get your mind out of the gutter, Dean,” the Omega mumbled around a mouthful before reaching for his napkin and wiping his mouth.
“Now everyone will know I’m yours,” Castiel mumbled sleepily as Dean’s fingers trailed away from his skin and he dropped to the side, pulling Castiel to him.
“You know,” Cas started as he stared into his friend’s beautiful emerald eyes. “There has never been anything between me and Meg. For one, totally gay, remember? And for two, I kinda have my eyes set on this very awesome guy.”
“Happy birthday. baby.” Dean reached up and ran his fingers through his Omega’s hair. “What do you say after my knot goes down we put on a record and go out on the balcony? We can light that fire pit and make good use of the jetted tub.”
As the clearing came into view, Cas glanced over at Dean who had a serene look on his face and the Omega’s heart skipped another beat. Apparently on the ice was no longer the only place he felt
The Alpha worked two fingers in alongside his tongue and worked his mate open until he was nice and pliant. Dean brushed Cas’ prostate with each pass of his fingers loving the beautiful mewls and whines it drew. The Alpha continued his ministrations until his chin was dripping slick and his mate was begging to be mounted.
know you are very intelligent and quite powerful.” Before she had a chance to retort, he turned to Dean, “After realizing you have stripped him of his powers, the thing he held most dear, no, Dean, I’m not worried Crowley or Arthur will ever return.”
“Now, I made you some of that frozen yogurt you’re so crazy about Cas, and the gelato you love, Luc, but I figured we should probably eat dinner first, What do you say?” Ellen asked as she released Luc, kissing his forehead before stepping back and letting the rest of the group give the two birthday hugs.
“I wouldn't mind knowing more,” Meg cooed as she leered at Castiel. Dean opened his mouth to speak, but Charlie beat him to it.
“Oh, my Gods, yes! Yes!” Castiel smiled back as he flung himself at Dean, the Alpha caught him with a huff of laughter. He squeezed his mate tighter, overwhelmed with happiness, until a thought occurred to him. “Wait,” Castiel drew in a sharp breath as he let go of Dean and turned back to his father. “I can’t. Atlantis is my home. I can’t leave it forever.”
“Do you remember anything at all from last night, Cas?” The Alpha asked as he took a sip of his own coffee, a small smirk on his lips. “You remember me?”
“I’m on it,” Castiel affirmed as he walked over to the side table drawer. As soon as his fingers closed around the knob he heard voices outside the front door. “Dean,” Castiel hissed as he looked over at the alpha who’d paused mid-step. “I think they’re back.”
“Really?” Sam crossed his arms over his chest, the subtle scent of annoyance and judgment rolled off of him as he spoke, “Is it because he’s an omega?” After no response from his brother, Sam continued, “If so, that’s really fucked up, Dean. Castiel is one of the bravest, toughest, smartest guys we know, angel or not, omega or not.”
“Please, sit.” The Alpha turned to face his mate, gazing at him attentively. “You're my guest. I got this.”
“And you think my inner alpha doesn’t?” Castiel quirked a brow at his mate. “The fact that you smell like arousal, me, and sex has my inner alpha wanting to pounce you and knot you again.”
Dean’s eyes trailed up, meeting Castiel’s for a moment. “I bear the mark of my true mate, Castiel. There’s no one else for me, whether he’s with me or not. I don’t… there is no moving on for me. So removing it was never an option.”
She immediately sent back an “OMGAWD DEAN WINCHESTER’ with more eggplant and squirting emojis than were necessary, ending with the stupid cat with heart eyes. If only she knew…
“That’s not what this is, not at all.” Dean placed his beer on the coffee table and turned to face Castiel. “Even if things hadn’t happened like they did and we weren’t True Mates, Gabe would’ve mentioned you at the diner. Hell, I go there and eat lunch every day, so you and your degree would’ve come up and I would’ve given him my card to have you call me. I promise,” he placed his hand on Castiel’s knee and met his deep blue eyes, “I’m not offering this job to you out of pity or because you’re my True Mate. I’m offering it to you because you’re qualified, hell, with your degree you’re over qualified, and it could be just until you find something else. Plus,” he gave Castiel a small joking smirk, “Jo is shit at running the business side of the practice. I’m afraid she may bankrupt us.”
“You too, Cas,” Dean replied as he vaulted over the loveseat. “What the-” the Alpha grumbled. Castiel had moved so quickly he hadn’t even got a hand on him, hell he hadn’t gotten
“Let’s try to avoid that.” Cas raked his eyes over his mate. “It would be a pity to break such a fine ass.”
“Alright.” Castiel nodded slowly as he moved closer to Dean, scenting the air. “When you’re not angry, you smell safe.” Castiel pushed his way into Dean’s personal space and pressed his nose into the Alpha’s throat, drawing a shocked gasp and a slight shiver from him. “You smell
“Okay,” Doctor Shurley smiled, making a note on his legal pad. “I will speak with Ellen and Bobby after we’re done. As for the actual root of the fear… It may be possible for me to set up a meeting with one of the prison guards. They could speak with you, and your brother if he wished to be there, about the security they have implemented in the prison and around their high security prisoners?”
They broke out in a dead run, not looking back. Castiel’s heart pounded in his chest, his lungs burned, and his legs ached, but he didn’t slow down. He ignored the crunching of footsteps on their heels. The disembodied voices that called out to him, telling him ‘tick-rock’ and ‘you can’t run from The Reaper’. He ignored the eerie shadows crawling up the sides of the walls, following them. And he ignored the sense of dread settling in his bones.
how you really felt, I just,” Castiel smiled shyly, “decided to make damn sure you got that collar off me and had to come open my door so we could…” He trailed off with a hopeful gleam in his eyes.
“Cas?” Dean turned, looking at Castiel in alarm. “Cas! What’s wrong? Are you okay?” He shifted onto his knees, reaching for Castiel as he moved forward.
“Cas, want you.” Dean groaned as his mate thumbed over the head of his cock, gathering the wetness that was beaded at the tip. “Need you,” the Alpha growled as he watched Castiel bring his fingers to his lips and sucked them into his mouth, cleaning the precome from them.
was, but he shrugged and waited. On the other side of Jo, her friend Ash tossed his hair over his shoulder and leaned forward. “Lemme see,” he said and Lucifer held the stick out, jumping as Ash flicked a lighter and touched the flame to the end of Lucifer’s metal stick.
Castiel blinked once more, shaking his head as if he was trying to clear his vision. Dean almost laughed at the innocent confusion that played out on his face. But instead, he turned back around and started shoving things back into the kit.
“Because,” Dean took a sip of his coffee, drawing out the suspense. “Everyone at Waverly, the patients, the nurses, the doctors and all the other employees had to say their goodbyes to everything they knew on the outside world when they took a job at the sanatorium. Once you went to Waverly Hills, you became a permanent resident,
“Again, I call bullshit. No one puts on the charisma like me.” Gabriel crossed his arms around his chest as he concluded, “Finn just knows Dean’s gonna be banging his master so he needs to get on his good side, that’s all.”
Dean chuckled as he backed Castiel up against the door and wrapped his arms around his Omega’s waist. Dean leaned in and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips before resting his forehead against his mate’s and whispering, “Will you sing for me tonight, Cas?”
Castiel obviously had no issue with the door being open either, as his hands found the top of Dean’s shirt and started to pull, groaning impatiently as Dean continued to try to walk them over to the bed. He laughed against Cas’ mouth and let the Omega down to the ground on his own feet so they could remove each other’s clothing without one of them ending up on the floor.
“Oh, definitely, Alpha,” Castiel agreed. “I’m gonna give you the wildest ride of your life...” he trailed off, that same wicked grin painting his lips again as he purred, “in bed.”
They moved around the grassy area surrounding the steps before wandering over to the stage and finding an open spot by the center so they could listen to the band, which Dean had learned called themselves
The afternoon passed with laughter, good conversation in good company, and away from all the creepy crawlies for a change. But, as the sun started to set, it was time to call it a day.
“Cas,” Dean sighed as he pinched the bridge of his nose, “C'mon, man. Get your ass back here so I can fix you up.”
“It’s fine Castiel. I needed to hear those things, nothing you said was untrue.” Triton sighed as he relaxed against the cushioned high-backed throne. “Now that I’ve had time to regain my composure, and think over all that was said yesterday, I’m ready to talk to you, both, like civilized adults, and not down to you as I did before. But first,” he held up his finger and pointed down at his son. “I want to know why you didn’t just come to me before the banquet, and tell me what had happened with your Rite and with Dean. Why keep it from me?” Triton shrugged, the sadness clear in his eyes, even from the distance the elevated platform created. “Why lie to me, Castiel?”
“Dork,” Dean shook his head fondly as he bumped his hip against his mate’s. “Grab the bag and we’ll head on inside.” Dean made an over dramatic shiver, “It’s colder than a penguin’s ballsack out here.”
“What-” Gabriel wheezed around a fit of laughter as he braced his hands on his knees. He huffed out a breath and continued to speak around the fit of giggles, “What did Dean-o promise you to convince you to wear that?”
God Dean did, he had never wanted anything more in his life than to reach this man. His fingers itched to caress him, hold him—his lips burned to kiss him, to make him his.
Cas chuckled and leaned against his mate’s side. “My great great grandfather told her that if he hadn’t already fallen for her, that would’ve sealed the deal.”
bad.” Dean chuckled as he slid his hands down the back of Castiel’s pants, and slipped his finger between his Omega’s ass cheeks. He gently massaged Castiel’s puckered rim, teasing his hole until it started to slicken. “C’mon, Cas,” Dean whispered in his ear as he dipped his finger past the tight ring of wet muscle. “You know you wanna.”
“Well,” John began, “it was the first day of my senior year of high school. We’d just moved here to Lawrence and I was dreading it. No one wants to be the new kid, but even more so their senior year. But,” he reached over and took his wife’s hand, “it turned out to be one of the best days of my life.”
Dean rolled his eyes fondly and pulled Castiel in, kissing him soundly despite the small noise of protest he got in return. When he pulled back, Castiel wrinkled his nose and reached up to wipe the sweat Dean left behind on his forehead. “I don’t mind working on her tomorrow, as long as I can work on you tonight.”
“Fuck yes, much better,” Dean groaned as his cock bobbed hard and heavy between his legs, dripping precum.
“We will,” Dean assured as he bumped his shoulder with his mate’s. “We just have a little farther to go, there's a set of steps leading down to the first floor on this side of the corridor as well. And,” He took Castiel’s hand and glanced back the way they’d already come, “we’re closer to this end, now.” Dean swung their joined hands between them, trying to soothe his mate’s nerves as he continued talking.“It’s a straight shot, and I can see all the things I planned on. Plus,” he smirked at Cas with a broad grin, “we will be passing the surgical rooms. I figured as a doctor you would be interested in those.”
Castiel flushed and shifted in his seat, his eyes not leaving his plate as he muttered, “Maybe it's because now that we are dating we are spending more time together.”
“Oh,” Cas blew out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and relaxed. “I quit a few minutes early.” He smiled shyly at his mate. “I was excited about coming over for dinner and couldn’t wait any longer. I hope that's okay,” the Omega finished in a whisper.
Dean bit his lower lip as a sudden thought crossed his mind. Castiel had offered it last time they did yard work together, so he wouldn’t be
“Well, Darlin’,” Dean drawled out, turning to face Castiel as he placed the last piece of charcoal in the snowman’s smile. “I hope you got good balance, because you’ll be riding bareback all night long.”
“Yeah,” Dean snorted as he pointed to Castiel’s bloody shirt, his tone venomous as he replied, “you sure proved that tonight.”
“It’s not like it isn’t true,” John replied as he walked up behind his mate, his smirk matching Dean’s.
“Thank you.” Dean nodded. “And we will,” the Alpha replied as he led Cas to the elevator. As soon as the door closed behind them Dean grinned impishly upon realizing they were alone. He growled and backed Cas up against the wall, pressing his body against the Omega’s.
Jo leaned against the wall by Dean before sliding down beside Castiel and bumping her shoulder against his. “Happy Birthday!”
Dean seethed as he watched Ketch and Castiel join the crowd of bodies gyrating and swaying to pounding music under dizzying lights.
Dean looked up just in time to see Ketch bumping his shoulder against the omega’s and telling him what a great job he did today and how lucky he is to have Castiel by his side as his partner.
“How does breathing underwater work?” The Alpha took in a deep breath and released it. “It feels almost the same. A little heavier, maybe?” He looked down at Castiel, “Does that make sense?”
“Alpha,” Cas mewled wantonly as Dean continued down the Omega’s body, marking Cas as his. The Omega let out a moan of pure pleasure as Dean’s mouth closed around his left hip bone. Dean took his time kissing, licking, sucking, and biting each hip bone, leaving blooming bruises and sharp teeth marks with each press of his lips.
Sam was in the process of explaining to Cas the concept of ‘ships’, more specifically Stucky, as they walked out the main doors. Sam laughed loudly at the look of amusement on the angel’s face when the Beta had said,
Dean set a timer on his phone and placed it on the side table before turning off the lamp. Moonlight shone through the bay window behind the couch, and he could just make out Castiel’s form, sleeping peacefully. As he pulled the blankets up to his shoulders, he caught the faint aroma of the Omega’s scent and smiled.
Castiel stood up and lifted his left leg, pulling it back against his ass before doing the same with his right.
“Oh, honey,” Ellen said softly, pulling him against her side. The moment her arms were around him, the dam broke, and Dean found himself sobbing into her neck. She rocked them gently, brushing back his hair as she whispered comfort against the top of his head.
A large wave crested and dragged Dean under just as he extended his arms to grab the rocks. His lungs filled with water but he wasn’t afraid, he could still hear the rapturous song being sung just for him and it brought him a sense of tranquility. Deeper and deeper Dean fell, further into the darkness of the ocean that was intent on swallowing him whole.
Dean put his bottle back down, the glass slamming a little harder than necessary and making Cas jump slightly. “What do you want me to say, Cas? Do you think you’re being funny? Do you want me to get excited and go on an on about wondering what our pup will be like, just for you to finally burst out laughing and tell me it’s a joke?” Dean shook his head and crossed his arms, shifting back in his seat to stop Cas from reaching for him.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel smiled as he stopped a few feet from the Alpha, “I just wanted to thank you for saving my cat from that awful woman.” He sighed as he scuffed his shoe across the brick of the patio. “I was in the shower when I heard the commotion, and by the time I got dressed, you already had the situation under control. But yeah,” Castiel blushed and shifted side to side nervously, “I just wanted to say thank you.”
“You did an awesome job,” Dean said honestly, smiling as Cas blushed slightly. “It sure as heck beats the orange countertops that were in here…”
It made Jack grin impishly at the wink he’d given him and Eileen laugh until she cried at the shocked look on the brother’s faces when they settled that it would be Sam who hung the angel after a grueling battle of Rock, Paper, Scissors only to turn around find it already perched atop the tree. He thought about going grocery shopping with Dean and how all the fixings for a big Christmas dinner were in the refrigerator and pantry just waiting to be cooked. He grinned despite his sullen mood as he thought about the enormous pile of presents that rested under the tree waiting to be ripped open. He really wanted to see the joy on everyone’s faces as they tore into their gifts.
The omega gasped as Dean’s cock hit that special spot inside of him, sending waves of pure euphoria throughout his body, lighting him up like a Christmas tree and causing slick to spurt around his alpha’s thick cock. Castiel's hands tightened on Dean’s shoulders as the alpha picked up his pace.
Even after all the sessions, all the hours spent with the doctor, Castiel felt no different. He didn't feel as if he were a gift from God; he felt cursed and unclean.
Sleep didn’t come easy, the sun starting to peak up as he finally settled the anxiety in his stomach to nod off.
“And your taking everything in wonderfully,” Castiel whispered as he reached over and placed his hand on top his mate’s.
When his watch finally beeped, he startled, jumping slightly before bounding down the steps and taking off into the patch of woods at an excited pace. Once Cas’ house was in view, he couldn’t help the huge grin that spread across his face. It only faltered slightly when he noticed Cas was already on the bench lacing up his boots. He’d missed his mate out on the ice.
“Yet another reason for me to take this case,” Sam announced with a smirk. “You guys will be bad enough as is, but in heat and rut?” Sam shuddered, “Nowhere in the bunker would be safe for me. Especially with the baby makin’ going on.”
“You have mine,” Rowena assured as she reached across the table and patted Castiel’s hand before looking over at Dean, “and so do you.”
“You give me a reason to sing.” Castiel purred, nuzzling against his Alpha’s mating gland where the heady scent of island driftwood and amber were the strongest.
Holy fuck. Was this what Castiel did every Saturday morning? And how the hell had Dean missed this for the past two years?!
“Just enjoying the view,” Castiel whispered lovingly as he took in the sight of his omega bathed in the soft light of the full moon. “Fuck, you’re beautiful.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispered, his cheeks flushing as he remembered waking up in bed with Dean shirtless and pressed up against him. “When I got bad, they took me to his room. He held me until my fever lowered and my heat passed. Apparently an Alpha’s touch and pheromones can help an Omega in heat.” He looked up and met Gabriel’s wide eyes. “Did you know that? Do you have an Alpha that helps you?”
“You made me lasagna?” Dean rumbled against the back his mate’s neck, kissing him gently before turning him around and finding his lips. “Have I told you lately, that I love you?”
“Damn right they’re good, I made them.” Cas playfully bragged as he crammed the rest of his cookie into his mouth. “Oh, and that surprise in my bag may or may not be a variety of mini
“I wouldn’t be opposed to that,” the Omega licked his lips as he let out a soft puff of air and glanced over his shoulder to the backseat, “Could be fun.”
shift. I spilled a whole tray of beers on someone, dropped six trays filled with food, and as I was serving one table, the spaghetti on the tray slid off and covered the man at the table behind me. Once that happened, the owner called me to the kitchen and instantly fired me…” He shook his head again as he smiled at Dean. “The owner was my older brother, Gabriel. You know you suck when your
“Definitely a fate worse than death, but nothing she didn’t deserve.” Dean smirked at his mate. “Remind me to never piss you off.”
“I hated flirting with him, and I hated the way he flirted back.” Castiel panted as Dean kissed down the column of his throat.
The more Dean talked, the more the anger bled from Castiel and turned into understanding. Although he was still irritated that Dean hadn’t told him, he understood that it hadn’t come from a place of Dean trying to hurt or betray him. The Alpha only acted upon what he thought was best for Castiel, for them both. It was clear he was just as scared and confused as the Omega was, and honestly… Castiel wasn’t sure what he would’ve reacted like back in June if the strange new Alpha roommate he had told him they were “true mates”. He knew it wouldn’t have been a very good reaction, anyways, since he already was terrified of the ‘adult Alpha Winchester’. Now, it seemed kind of funny, but it wouldn’t have been back then.
“So,” Castiel began as he watched Dean finish his cookie and chug half of his coffee. “Why don’t you fill me in some more on this case. All you’ve given me so far is a cursed ring in Aspen, Colorado, that we have to find and destroy.” The omega reached for the radio volume knob, turning it down a bit so they didn’t have to raise their voices over the music. “Any clue where it is? Or how to destroy it?”
He wondered what they would like to do… Bobby refused to let them fill up the room with things, saying that it would fill up just fine when the boys got settled. They needed time to relax and be comfortable here and learn what they liked. Dean didn’t fully understand that -- wouldn’t they know what they liked or didn’t like? He knew the cult was fucked - it was a cult after all - and that they probably lived extremely structured lives… but they had to have had fun, right? They were kids. The damn compound was called “God’s Playground” for Christ’s sake.
Cas let out a long shaky breath as got out of his car and cautiously started to approach the other vehicle. When he got to the front of his car, he grimaced. The grill was crooked, a headlight was busted, and the other vehicle had rear quarter panel damage. He sighed as his sneakers crunched in the broken plastic.
Dean hugged him back, just as tightly, burying his nose into Castiel’s hair. “You’re so welcome, Cas,” he whispered back, letting his eyes fall closed. “You deserve it.”
Cas pushed against Dean’s chest, leaning back on his thighs and reaching down for the hem of his tshirt. He pulled it off in one smooth motion, tossing it aside and smirking at the expression on his mate’s face. Dean’s eyes trailed from Castiel’s marked throat, down his chest, over the slight swell of his stomach. The omega licked his lips slowly and reached for Dean’s hands, pressing them to his skin and running them down his chest. Dean stopped his trail down Cas’ heated skin at his stomach, pressing gently against it where their pup was nestled within.
“Of course,” Dean answered quickly, giving Cas the same smile. “I’m happy just being with you, Cas. However it happens, happens. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do, anything you’re not ready for.”
“Told you,” Dean grinned cockily as he removed his fingers from his mate’s body and pulled his hands out from the back of Castiel’s pants. The Alpha licked his Omega’s juices from his fingers before unbuttoning and unzipping his own jeans. He hastily pulled his underwear and pants to his knees, letting them fall the rest of the way down, settling at his ankles.
Dean nodded slowly, the brief flash of anger he’d felt moments before bleeding away into guilt at how he’d taken his frustration out on Ellen. She was calm, understanding, and hadn’t backhanded him for talking back to her the way his dad probably would’ve if he’d raised his voice… Dean cleared his throat and shifted uneasily on his feet.
“Remind me to call her.” Dean glanced to Castiel who nodded before he turned back to Sam with furrowed brows. Dean looked from Ketch to his brother. “You sure, Sammy? You were just bitching about taking so many cases in a row.”
“Oh hell yes,” Dean nodded as he clipped the baton and handcuffs back on his belt. “They deserve it after that little stunt they pulled.”
“Yeah,” Castiel nodded, “I think I’ll keep you, too.” The omega quirked a brow, “even if you did lie about liking my cookies.”
The Alpha groaned as more slick squirted from his mate, covering his mouth and dripping down his chin. He lapped at it like a man dying of thirst, getting drunk on the heavenly flavor of his Omega. The taste and scent had Dean’s dick throbbing, pulsing and dripping precome on the bed. It was taking every ounce of willpower he had not to ram his cock deep inside his mate and fuck him like a wild animal.
“Yes, Dean, yes! I want all of that too.” Cas nuzzled into his mate’s throat, breathing in deep the tantalizing scent of his happy mate before pulling back and passing the gift box to his Alpha. “Will you do the honor of putting my collar on me?”
“You were starting to smell so good.” Dean replied as he nodded down to his lap where his hands covered the beginnings of his erection. “A little
“Hmm...” A small devious smirk spread across Dean’s lips. “You sure you just aren’t afraid Pennywise is gonna get ya on your walk back to your room?”
Dean nodded, the intense anger he’d been feeling slowly bleeding into shame. He struggled, trying to hold on to the anger. “Sammy just… Dad was bad enough, you know? I wasn’t really surprised, not really. I would’ve been shocked if he was actually able to come today but then Sam… Sam just wants to
Before Sam could say a word Dean was striding over to where the pair were talking quietly, the M.E. long gone and back to work examining the body. Sam let out a groan and set a quick pace to catch up to his brother. The last thing they needed was for Dean and Castiel to have it out right here at the scene of a crime, or with the way Dean was glaring at the man with the omega, this could turn into a double crime scene really damn fast.
Dean beamed in response, pressing his cutter into the dough. They worked side by side cutting out cookies in the shapes of snowmen, Santas, reindeer, bells, snowflakes, ornaments, and candy canes until the sheet was full. As soon as Dean placed the last snowflake, the timer beeped and he slid the tray into the oven to bake. The Alpha grinned over his shoulder as he walked over to the radio and turned it back up, the sound of Christmas music filling the air.
“Yes!” The Omega mewled as he pushed back meeting his Alpha’s brutal thrusts, loving the tug of his mate’s knot on his rim.
“Kiss ass,” Dean mumbled as he slowed down his stride, the rest of the group passing him and Castiel until they were at the main back of the group. “I think your now Lucifer’s star pupil.”
The alpha never once left Castiel’s side, he sat vigil making sure Castiel drank every drop of water that he gave to him, watching as it worked overtime to cleanse the incubus venom from his system. As Castiel laid there sweating it out, Dean was helpless to do anything but let the water do its job, he was left alone with his thoughts, to all those “what ifs.”
“Behind your sheath.” At his mate’s utterly horrified and confused look Castiel reached over and placed his hand on Dean’s groin and rubbed gently. “Right here, Dean.”
“Yes,” Castiel groaned as Dean slowly pushed in with a low moan. Their bodies became one and, as always, it was like coming home. “Feels so good” Castiel whispered as Dean bottomed out, and blanketed his body. The alpha nuzzled the side of his mate’s neck while giving him time to adjust to the length filling him. “Move, Dean.
Sam had slipped off of the bed and was perusing through his bookcase, pulling a thin paperback book out and tossing it onto his desk. “I think we’re going to have to do a little more research on this… and I think you’re going to have to check with Bobby, we might need a permit to house bees…”
“Well,” Ellen glanced from Dean to Castiel, “you boys have anything to add? We can use this as a teachable moment.” As the moments of silence ticked on she spoke again, “No?” She shook her head. “If you boys can’t even talk about it, you shouldn’t even be doing it.”
“Stupid older brother,” Castiel grumbled under his breath as he tried to unsuccessfully fix his hair.
Of course, Castiel eating a bag of cookies wouldn’t ruin their friendship. But Dean confessing that he didn’t want Castiel as just a best friend, he wanted him as so much more -- that sure as hell
As luck would have it they managed to snag the same booth they had the previous night. The four of them took a seat and started scanning the club for the incubus. Castiel was the first to spot him and pointed him out to the others. Grayson was behind the bar just like the night before, manning it with three other bartenders, mixing drinks and chatting up patrons.
“I’m sorry for your loss, too, Cas.” The Alpha pressed a soft kiss to his mate’s forehead. “You know, even though it was over twenty-five years ago since the accident, not a day goes by that I don’t miss them.”
“You want this,” Castiel cooed as he pushed the head of his cock inside Dean, withdrawing directly after it breached him.
The Omega’s inner walls clenched and milked the wolf’s cock. Cas could hear Dean panting by his ear, his breath hot and moist against his throat. The Omega felt the pulse and spasming of the wolf’s cock as he emptied himself in Cas, warm and wet and so, so much. Cas shivered as he felt another load being pumped into him and he knew the Alpha’s release was going to be everywhere when Dean’s knot went down and was no longer holding it all in place. He moaned as he felt a small trickle slip past the knot and run hot down his thigh.
“I’m sorry,” Dean answered honestly, giving him a small, sheepish shrug. The movement made him hyper aware of how close he was to Castiel, and how he was still holding on to him. “I, uh, didn’t want you to fall.”
“No,” Dean smiled brightly at her as he shook his head, eyes holding nothing but the truth. “And damn, did he ever try and make it hard on me.” Dean held the Angel Wing shell in his hand and gently started to twist the drill making a small hole in it. “I understand why he brought up all the obstacles he did, but when I actually sat and thought about them, I came up with solutions.”
Dean cuddled closer to his mate, whispering in his ear, “I told Sammy this story… we were camping and I was trying to freaking him out, he must’ve been around eleven.”
The Alpha started picking at one of the green scales on his tail and Castiel watched as a look of curiosity spread across his mate’s face. Dean traced a few more scales with his fingertips before he cleared his throat, looking away from his tail and to the Siren. “Now that I’m not totally freaking out, Cas, do you think you can explain how I ended up,” Dean motioned to the lower half of his body, “like this.”
Dean grinned back at him, his cheeks flushing pink. He was probably being slightly obscene, but hell, this was even better than his mom’s lasagna…
When the mates parted Dean leaned back in, pressing a soft kiss to his Omega’s jaw as he whispered, “I love it when you serenade me.”
Dean gasped as Castiel’s hands suddenly moved from the sheets to his hips, gripping him hard as he flipped them over, pinning Dean down into the mattress. Dean’s legs fell open, making room for Castiel to settle between them, and he groaned at the slide of Castiel’s cock against his own.
“Come here, buddy,” he called out, holding up the steak. “You deserve a treat better than that ol’ bug.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean shivered at the warmth of his mate’s tongue. He reluctantly pulled back and met his Omega’s lusty gaze. “Now is the perfect time. I think you should really hear what’s written here before we go any further.” Dean cleared his throat and began to read.
“Alright, Cat,” he said as he started to walk forward, the cat freezing and eyeing him warily. “Go on inside, I’m sure it's past your dinner time.” Dean let out a sigh and looked down at his shirt again as he muttered, “A shower and overdose of Benadryl is in my future, thanks to you.”
Dean pressed their foreheads together, groaning as he slid forward, their hips flush together. He gave his mate a moment to adjust, then pulled back and rocking forward, setting a slow pace. He ran his hands up his mate’s sides, holding him close as he kissed every inch of his face.
“Now where was I?” Dean asked as he took the mitt off and hung it on hook over the stove. “Oops,” He caught his  pajama bottoms as they slipped below his hip bones. He tightened the string and re-tied them as he turned around plastering on his best smile as he was met his mate’s narrowed eyes.
“No,” Castiel shook his head fiercely, “you are no monster.” He inwardly cringed as he trailed a finger over the incubus’ arm, tracing one of Grayson’s tattoos. He licked his lips and smiled dreamily. “You,” he gently poked the alpha’s arm, “are perrrfect.” Castiel added a slight slur on the word.
“Sammoose,” Gabriel clapped him on the shoulder, “speaking from experiencing it first hand, it’s so bad it could knock a buzzard off a shit wagon.”
“Seriously, Dean?” Sam paused in eating his piece of eggnog pie as he stared unbelievingly at his brother.
“Gabriel,” Castiel snapped his fingers, instantly ceasing his brother’s bitching. “Focus! You said something about a message?”
“Like I said, Dear Boy, magic.” She called over her shoulder as she swam to the refrigerator to retrieve the creamer and the bowl of sugar on the countertop. When she joined them back at the table and the Alpha still had the same look of curiosity on his face she began to explain. “The Atlantis library has vast knowledge of land living. The appliances you use in your everyday lives, the recipes for foods you make. The things we thought could improve our way of living we studied, and those of us blessed with magics replicated them. Spelled ovens to cook with, refrigerators to keep chilled and frozen those items that require it. Enchanted cups that hold liquid, and plates and cookware that keeps food from getting waterlogged.” Rowena gave him a small smirk as she added creamer to her coffee. “Did you think we just lived off of raw fish and seaweed?”
“Make the call!” Everyone replied in unison as they walked into the kitchen to snoop through the fridge.
“No, I got it,” Dean answered, giving the Omega a reassuring smile before turning towards the house. As soon as he shut the door behind him, his stomach flipped in anticipation. It was stupid, of course. Castiel had put an ad out in the paper and a little quest, of sorts, to find a mate, so he wasn’t interested in the Alpha next door, obviously. But it didn’t stop the hopeful little flutter in his stomach at the idea that this sort of, kind of, presented itself as a
Bobby sighed and adjusted his hat. “That would explain why Castiel’s heat’s been so bad... and why you’re moving him to Dean’s room. Between Dean’s scent and having him close, Cas’ fever should be easy to bring down.”
“I’ve got to give you credit for the strategic placement. Right above the entrance to the kitchen where I have to pass under it to get to the food.” Cas clucked his tongue. “Well played Winchester,
The Omega nodded and took his clothing. After a few misses, he finally got it back on, both arms in the holes they were supposed to be in, and all the buttons done up properly. Once dressed Castiel scooted closer to Dean, subconsciously scenting the air. The Alpha froze where he sat as Castiel leaned in and snuffled at his throat.
“Save him, save him, save him,” the Siren chanted as he watched frozen, unable to move, held in place by forces of the pearl’s magic. Praying that when it was all said and done that his Alpha would be alive, and would not hate him for what he had done.
Dean wished he’d never looked it up. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly, trying to get his breathing back under control, his stomach still jerking violently every few seconds. When he felt he could move without falling over, Dean slowly sat back up and reached down for his phone and for the crown that had slipped off his knee.
The omega scrambled to get in position before glancing over his shoulder at Castiel. His mate was resting on his knees, licking the slick clean from each of his fingers. Dean let out a low whine at the erotic sight.
He had a moment to wonder if it would end up heating the entire thing and burning his hand, when suddenly the end exploded. White sparks shot out, hissing as the stick turned red-hot, and Lucifer shouted, dropping it to the ground and just barely missing Jo’s bare leg.
“That's not the point, son.” Bobby reached over and placed his hand on Dean’s knee. “He needs to start making good on his promises, stop giving you boys false hope. I don’t care if he’s busy, if he told you and Sam he was going to be here, he damn well should be here. But,” he gave Dean’s knee a squeeze and glanced up meeting the younger Alpha’s eyes, “him goin’ back on his word and you being pissed about it is no excuse for how you treated the others.”
“Mmhm,” Dean nodded as he looked down at the fuel gage to make sure they were good on gas, before continuing to munch on his beef jerky.
Dean let out a breathy sigh as he wrapped his arm around Cas’ middle and maneuvered them onto their sides. He placed a kiss to the back of Cas’ sweat soaked neck. “Was that okay?”
“Ballpark?” Castiel shrugged as he met Dean’s eyes with a glint of mischief in his. “So so much rum.Basically, all of the rum.”
Dean nodded as he placed the patties in the heated skillet, the sizzling and scent of cooking beef filling the kitchen. “I’d say, the holidays must keep you guys hopping.”
Cas tightened his grip on Dean’s cock, stroking the Omega’s length hard and fast like his brutal thrusts. Dean cried out, his voice cracking in pure pleasure as his body drew tighter than a bowstring ready to snap. “Fuck yes, Alpha! So good! Yes!”
.” The Alpha gave Dean a cross between a smirk and a scowl, brushing his hands down the front of his button up. “If you will excuse me,” he added as he straightened out his tie, “I have an Omega to win.”
Dean downed the rest of his drink and slammed the glass down in a semi-failed attempt to stave off his rage. Dean let out a low growl. He hated the way Castiel’s hips were pressed into the British asshole’s crotch moving as the rhythm of the song implied.
Dean smiled into the kiss, deepening it. As his tongue mapped the contours of Castiel’s mouth, his hands were busy placing the necklace around his mate’s throat. When the Alpha fastened the clasp he pulled back to admire his beautiful Omega adorned with his mating gift.
“Nah,” Dean shook his head, “those were plastic garbage. These are the ones from our bedside drawer.” He waggled his brows.
Ellen nodded, then leaned back in her chair again and picked up her mug. “One last thing,” she looked between them both, the teenagers looking back at her with expectant expressions, “no mating bites until you’ve finished high school. And that is
Dean scoffed and reached forward, sliding his arms around Castiel’s waist and plastering himself against his back. “You wouldn’t let an old, poor Alpha like me fend for himself, would you?” He pressed his nose to the back of Castiel’s neck and honest to God
“We met last night.” Castiel shifted in his seat and reached over to take Dean’s hand in his. He needed his Alpha’s touch, it gave him strength, kept him grounded. “During my Rite.”
The sweet scent of aroused Omega began to fill the air around them. Dean breathed deeply taking in the divine smell, gasping when he felt the scales on his sheath part and the head of his cock push through. The Alpha pulled back and quickly placed his hands in his lap, but not before taking a quick peek. He said a silent thank you to the Gods that it looked the same as it did when he was all man.
had met Lisa he could tell the woman had been harboring a crush on Dean for some time. The subtle flirting was irritating, and in Castiel’s opinion disrespectful as hell. While Dean was most definitely off the market, bitten and claimed by his true mate. It seemed to only make him more of a challenge for her. For good measure, and maybe a bit out of spite, Castiel leaned over and planted a chaste kiss to the mating mark on the side of Dean’s neck for all to see.
Sam dropped his hand and turned a glare up at his brother. “You’re such a jerk, Dean. You know I’m your best friend. Oh wait, you don’t
“Go tell everyone dinner is ready and that I went to get the cranberry salad.” Dean patted his jean pockets, checking for his keys. “I’ll be back by the time everyone gets their drinks and is seated.”
His Alpha was great with children; he was going to make a wonderful father one day. Castiel could only imagine how the Alpha would be with their children. His Alpha was kind and smart, would raise their children to be respectful and ambitious. It made him warm inside to think about their green-eyed, dark haired children running around.
“This is so disgustingly sweet, I almost forgot there was still pie,” Gabe said as he looked over at his brother and new brother-in-law.
Dean placed a chaste kiss to his mate’s lips. “My poor Alpha.” The Omega’s fingers combed back through Cas’ hair to the back of his neck and his palms slid over the taut muscles in his shoulders. “How many days does this make now without any sleep?”
Castiel licked his bottom lip, chasing the taste of his Alpha as he cut off the tip of his pie. “I guess turnabout is fair play, hmm,” he waved his pie-laden fork gently in front of Dean’s mouth.
Dean smiled back at him, then focused his attention back on Sam. “What are you guys doing over here? I think Jo’s going to give Lucifer over there a complex.”
The cat walked around the trap, sniffing the pipes. He cocked his head and sniffed the air, finding Charlie behind the mailbox. Then he jumped up on top of the trap, effectively flattening it before he jumped down and started meowing at the pile.
Castiel threw his head back and laughed, grinning as he shook his head from side to side. “Gabe said pretty much the same thing.”
“I hated the way I no longer smelled like you.” The omega began to unbutton his shirt, watching the way Dean’s chest began to rise and fall faster as the scent of alpha arousal reached his nose. “I couldn’t wait to kill the incubus so we could lock ourselves in this room, and not come out until everyone could smell who I belonged to,” Castiel proclaimed as his shirt slipped from his shoulders and fluttered to the floor. “And who you belong to.”
“I guess you get what you pay for.” Castiel shrugged as he stepped closer to Dean to look for himself. “I got it at a yard sale for a dollar last summer.”
It was not up to Castiel or himself to deduce what God’s plan was, only to follow on their path. “It’s rude to keep Alpha and Beta Singer waiting on us.”
car! I hate that monstrosity.” The Alpha glared at the 73’ brown Dodge Polara. “I don’t know why the hell you like it so much, Cas... especially when there are so many
The pair cuddled closer together, enjoying their warm drinks and the aroma of their combined scents. Dean grinned as he stared at the screen, watching as love bloomed between Baby and Johnny, and he couldn’t help but to wonder if the very same thing was happening right here in his living room.
“Okay, okay, that’s good!” Dean hissed after a few seconds, and when Castiel let go of his hands he opened and closed them a few times to get the feeling back into them. “Damn, you’re strong.”
Castiel smiled when he realized what Dean was trying to ask. “Don’t worry Alpha, I’m on birth control.”
“Thank you,” Castiel grinned up at his father, his eyes filled with happiness and appreciation. “Thank you so much, father.”
The Omega cleared his throat and began to explain, “We have sheaths, front and back, the scales part when needed, or with sexual stimulation.”
“Those Bartles and Jaymes sure can hit you hard.” Gabriel laughed along with the others before raising his hand like a child in class. “I have a scary story I’d like to share.”
“Well,” Castiel blew out a deep breath and raked his fingers through his hair, “that is... it’s complicated.” He bit back the heavy sigh at the thought of explaining his family situation to what was essentially a stranger and thought of the first excuse he could come up with. “Before I can even try to think of how to answer that I really need to use your restroom.”
“Now,” Gomez shifted in his seat, “this is how you win the cash prizes: First, you must pass in all of your teams coins when you show up at the final destination.” They all nodded again in understanding. “If you are the first team there and have all your coins, you’re automatically declared the winner. However,” he paused for dramatic effect, “if you arrive at the same time as another team and you both have all your coins, we will go off your car’s milage to see who was able to figure out all the clues in the least amount of miles.”
cough which had Dean glaring over at him. The Beta just smiled cheekily, amused at the Omega’s sass towards his brother as slid into the back seat. Dean trudged around the back of the car, muttering under his breath about ‘mouthy mates’ and ‘stupid cars’ before he slid into the passenger's seat.
Cas shifted nervously from foot to foot when he was completely bare and under the Alpha’s keen gaze. Dean dropped back onto his calves and let his eyes trail up his mate’s body.
Cas keened and mewled as his mate ravaged his body, fucking him hard and rough, just the way Dean knew his mate liked it. The slap of skin on skin, grunts and groans, was all that could be heard. Dean’s fingers tightened against Cas’ hips as he pounded into him like a savage beast.
He flicked through the opened candies, finding another licorice one and picking it up. “Though,” he said thoughtfully as he twisted the candy in his fingers, “Squirrel may try to gank me if he finds out I was the one who let the air out of the tires on his precious ‘baby’.”
As Castiel turned to go back to get the rest of their dinner, Dean leaned over to give a healthy sniff, no shame as he groaned in delight. “Oh my god, this smells amazing,” he said as soon as Cas came back into the room.
“I’m Castiel.” The Omega grinned as he glanced down at their joined hands then back up to met the Alpha’s eyes. “Castiel Novak. But you can call me Cas.”
“Soooo,” Dean drawled out as he ruffled his mate’s hair, messing it up even more. “You gonna answer my question?”
The alpha happily obliged, rutting into his mate at a rapid pace. The headboard rammed into the wall over and over causing the plaster to splinter and crack. Dean spared a moment's thought of how loud they were being and that there was no way his brother and Ketch weren’t hearing this, but at this point he really didn’t give a shit. The smell of sex, slick, and their combined arousal hung heavy in the air, making the pair dizzy with need. The base of Dean’s cock started to swell, the intensity of the feeling overwhelming.
“Oh, no,” Sam piped up from the backseat shaking his head. “Don’t get any ideas, Dean. You two need to keep it down tonight so I can get some
“What happened next?” Dean asked completely enthralled by the Siren’s recounting of the events that led them here.
“Castiel,” Rowena whispered and she reached up and ran her fingers through his hair. “Give him time, he will come around, deep down all he wants is your happiness, just as your mother did.” She pressed a kiss to each of their foreheads and flitted from the room leaving the mates still in a tight embrace.
telling the cat how awesome Dean thought Cas would be as a mate. He had basically made a fool out of himself every afternoon!
“Father is waiting for you and Dean in the throne room.” Gabriel scrunched up his nose and turned, calling over his shoulder as he fled, “And now that I told you I can go elsewhere, where it’s safe to breathe!”
“Time to get to work.” Sam nodded towards the steps of the police station where an older balding man in uniform was standing holding a folder in his hands, staring at their car. “I’m assuming that's the sheriff.”
He leaned forward on the throne and stared at the younger Alpha. “I see great leadership skills in you, and I respect the decision you made allowing Crowley and Arthur live. I have no doubt with a little guidance you will make a wonderful king. Now,” he nodded to Dean’s trident, “Put your weapon away, we have another matter to discuss.”
“Gonna make you all mine,” Dean reached up to take off the Santa hat and Castiel’s hand shot up to grip his arm.
“You have only known him for one day Castiel!” Triton clutched the weapon in his hand as he glared at the pair. “How could you be so foolish to automatically think he’s a good man?”
Dean’s eyes opened and he searched Cas’ face. “Are you… are you okay? Is this okay?” he asked, worried.
“Come on, Cassie.” Gabriel stepped to the side to let Castiel walk past him, before he shut the gate back. Although they would no doubt be the last coming through the gate tonight, the number one rule amongst The Stull Cemetery partygoers was whether you were first or last to show, you
“Finn!” Dean squawked as he moved back, glaring at the sea lion that had wiggled his way between him and Castiel. “Come on, pup, not cool.”
“You’re a teenage boy, of course you have lube in the drawer by your bed. My next guess would’ve been underneath your pillow.” Castiel grinned against Dean’s neck and ran his fingertips up his thigh and between the crack of his ass, gently rubbing his puckered entrance. “Tell me what you want, baby.”
Dean closed the distance between them, rolling his hips down as he found Castiel’s lips again, silencing the rest of his words. Castiel hooked his leg over Dean’s hip, holding him in place, as if he were still afraid Dean would suddenly disappear, as if that were an option now.
“Of course.” Dean grinned as he pulled Castiel back into his arms. “I know how much you enjoy that, that’s why I bought four jumbo sized bags of assorted Halloween candy at the store yesterday. But,” he pressed a kiss to his Omega’s lips, “I get to pick out the movies we watch.”
“Sex, Bobby. We have teenagers that are having sex!” Ellen shook his shoulders before throwing her hands up and turning back to the stove to retrieve her fork. She stabbed a corner piece of the pan and shoved it into her mouth. “There’s a fresh pot,” she commented between chewing, waving her hand over at the coffee maker. “Add whiskey to mine.”
“Yes,” Cas smiled as he remembered the day that they'd picked out those colors. Dean had loved the combination of the two. “As long as I can still buy the bee mobile and we can hire Charlie to paint a garden mural on the walls.”
Cas glanced at the clock on the wall and smirked at his mate. “It’s only nine thirty, not quite Christmas yet.
The alpha cleared his throat, his tone turning serious as he spoke. “When I met you, I knew I'd met my match. Life has thrown so many challenges at us but we’ve tackled them head on, side-by-side. I can't imagine growing old with anyone else, no one would compare to you. Fuck, I love you so much.” Dean’s voice cracked, thick with emotions. “You gave up your Grace because you wanted to live a human life with me. I know we’re already mated but I want to marry you too, Cas. I want you to wear my ring along with my bite. I want everything you’ll give me, and I promise to give all of myself in return. So,” Dean took a deep breath, “Castiel, my angel of all days, will you marry me?”
.” He smiled over his shoulder at Dean. “All Dean did was take me inside to make sure I wasn’t hurt, and then let me crash and sleep it off on his couch.”
The Alpha had lost count of how many nights he had sat here in this very window seat and just watched Cas. Watched him do his homework, play video games, talk on the phone with his friends. And once every three months, Dean watched him work himself through his heats on a fake knot.
Castiel grinned like a cat who’d just waded into a stash of cream. “Thank you, Ketch,” his voice rumbled with appreciation.
you more than anyone. He could just be your best friend, you know.” Jo watched something flicker across Dean’s face before he nodded, his eyes turning to the screen in front of them. “Or…” she said slowly, leaning forward and making Dean meet her eyes, “you want him to be more?”
“No, Castiel, you’re not.” Triton gave his son a warm smile as he continued, “And I loved your mother dearly. Her reservations meant nothing to me. I supported her in what she wanted. Just as I love you, and will support you. If you don’t want to sing, don’t sing.” He leaned forward and met his son’s earnest gaze. “You are not a failure as a Siren, and you, in no way, have let Atlantis down by being true to yourself.” He looked truly shamed as he whispered, “and I’m so very sorry I told you otherwise yesterday.”
Cas hands twitched and gripped at the comforter as Dean’s tongue expertly circled and flicked against his rim. It was hot and oh so wonderful, and he couldn’t stop the little mewls and pleas that slipped from his lips as he swiveled his hips. He wanted more, desperately trying to take his Alpha’s tongue deeper within his body as it teased at his hole, darting in and out. Dean’s stubble burned deliciously against his wet ass cheeks as he worked his tongue in deeper.
“Me too,” Castiel gasped out as he reached between them, relying on Dean and the wall to support his weight. The Omega stroked his cock with his right hand and lifted Dean’s shirt with his left so he wouldn’t stain it when he found his release.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, voice catching in his throat. Slowly, he dropped to his knees, pressing his cheek against Cas’ stomach and hugging his mate close. “I’m so sorry, baby,” he mumbled, shivering as Cas’ hands moved to gently card back through his hair, providing him comfort he definitely didn’t deserve after how he acted.
“Hardy har-har, you’re a regular comedian, little brother. Now,” Gabriel made a ‘come on’ gesture with his hands, “get to explaining.”
“Wha-” Castiel started as he spun around. His words caught in his throat as he took in the nearly hundred year old surgery suite in perfect condition, not a dust ball in sight. It was as if they had stepped back in time when they stepped into the room. His eyes locked on the doctor and nurse in their pristine whites standing over a patient.
“You,” Triton rumbled as his gaze snapped over to Dean. “It’s you isn’t it? You’re Castiel's true mate.” He eyed Dean earnestly, “Gabriel may be blessed with a silver tongue but I’m a master at smelling bullshit from a mile away. I knew there was something off with the story he told me.”
Ellen looked between them before a sudden, sharp burst of laughter broke free. “You… both know you’re true mates, have decided to ‘pursue a relationship’, and thought spending the night in each other’s rooms was a good idea?” By the end of her sentence, her voice had risen in pitch, causing both boys to jump and look up at her.
Castiel nuzzled at Dean’s throat. “I could maybe be persu-” the loud rumble of his stomach made him stop mid sentence and step back shaking his head. “Nope, food must come first.”
“Dean,” Castiel began not looking up from the picture, “did you know the writing on the ring is in Enochian?”
“Hey guys,” Dean called out, causing all eyes to fall on him. “Me and Cas are gonna go for a stroll. We’ll be right back.”
“Alpha,” Castiel panted as he felt Dean expanding inside him. The head of Dean’s cock pressing against his prostate and the slick slide of Dean’s hand on his flesh sent him over the edge. Castiel cried out as his cock throbbed in Dean’s hand and painted his chest in thick stripes of come.
Castiel went into labor in early March just after the moon jellies had came out for the night. His labor was long and hard, and lasted well into the next day. But with Dean by his side, holding his hand, being his rock, he made it through. The Omega gave birth to a healthy set of twins. And once Dean and Castiel laid eyes on their son and daughter for the first time they were instantly head over heels in love.
They both nodded as they shuffled towards the seats Alpha Singer had assigned to them. Once they were seated, the chaos started up again. Everyone at the table started reaching for bowls, loading down their plates with turkey and all the fixings. Castiel watched dumbfounded as Sam and Jo piled food onto their plates. Didn’t they not know the Elders and Alpha were to eat first? That the children were to wait until they had had their fill before they were allowed to eat? Not to mention the fact that Omegas weren’t allowed to even eat with the rest of the compound until they’d been cleansed…
“They’re only put in place for your own good, so why would we listen to them? Of course not, adults know nothing, they’ve never even been teenagers before. We were just born as full grown goddamn adults so
Omega.” Castiel gripped Dean’s slick soaked cock and placed it against his hole, the head popping past the tight ring of muscle as the Omega slowly sank down on Dean’s thick dick. “I’m going to make you see stars,
“Okay,” Dean grumbled as he nodded, not wanting to make things worse for his mate, even though his inner Alpha was still roaring at him to rip the other Alpha to shreds. He took a deep breath and looked to his mate, trusting in him to handle the situation.
Cas melted against his Alpha mewling when he felt a gush of slick rush from his hole. The Alpha growled and took Cas’ hand, pulling him forwards. He pulled open the back door of the large black muscle car and demanded, “Get in!”
The alpha’s thoughts trailed off as a tall man walked up to Castiel. Dean took in the man’s muscular build, dark brown hair, and sharp jawline, dressed in the same FBI getup and he felt his breath catch. Well, scratch that, not by himself. Mr. Tall, Dark and Douchey placed his arm around Castiel and whispered something in his omega’s ear. It took every ounce of self-control in Dean’s body not to march down there, yank that asshole out of Castiel’s personal space, rip off the arm that dared to touch his omega, and beat the dude to death with it.
Castiel nodded and brushed the dirt from his pants, then hesitated before holding out his hand for Dean to take. The smile Dean flashed him was worth the nerves in his stomach and helped to squash the lingering words of Father Metatron.
“Oh, it’s not.” Gracie shook her head and ran her hands down her dress smoothing it out. “William Stapleton’s body was burnt because of what he did to his family. The sheer savageness of how he killed them, the townspeople decided he didn’t deserve a proper funeral; he deserved to burn for his crimes.”
“Why?” Castiel asked, his voice cracking on that one word. “Why would you bring that up? Why would you mention anything about the way I smell? Why would you do that?” Castiel’s hands tightened around the crown of flowers he had just completed. “Why remind me of how broken and unclean I am?”
Castiel smiled at him warmly. “I would very much like that too. But I need to know,” his warm smile turned into a mischievous smirk, “is your gas as horrendous as Sam’s?”
“Alright,” Sam reached over to his bedside table, picking up a bookmark and sliding it into place, “but the offer still stands, okay? I have a lot of textbooks in here, and you’re welcome to them at any time. I think…” Sam trailed off and sat back, resting the book on his lap. “I think you and Lucifer are going to end up having a lot of questions, you both probably already do. I find that reading things, getting other opinions, asking the questions out loud and researching the answers… helps relax me.”
“Well,” Castiel gave Dean a cut nod, his brow furrowed in a way Dean could tell he was thinking of how to answer, “my cat is very clever in his own right. He’s very perceptive and I trust in him not to allow someone that wasn’t compatible with me to get that key. So, I guess you could say that I have the utmost faith in him to find me the perfect Alpha.”
“Damnit! I’m out ten diamonds!” Gabriel shouted back. “Have fun! And don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!” He waved at the mate pair before disappearing underwater.
Dean pulled Castiel in a filthy kiss all teeth and tongue, only breaking it when his lungs cried out for air. “I love you, Cas.”
He could spend hours on end sitting on the shores picking through shells, waiting, yearning, for someone he was unsure even existed. Every night when he returned home alone, no closer to figuring it out, his inner Alpha whined pitifully, missing something he’s never had. Tonight would seemingly be no different.
“I love you, Alpha,” Ellen whispered, sliding to her feet and finding her mate’s lips. “Don’t spend the day worrying about us; we’ll be just fine.”
Dean sighed and threw himself back, closing his eyes and shaking his head. It just had to be his shitty ass luck.
He helped Cas get the measurement, then started pulling orange boxes off the shelf, handing them behind him for Cas to try on.
Dean snorted as he gave his Omega’s hand a squeeze. “They won’t be able to hear the uncut version until they are at least sixteen.”
Dean smiled up at his mate, hardly trusting that he had this again. Castiel was beautiful, his skin flushed and scent radiating both want and need. This, right here, was all Dean ever needed. Cas’ skin was warm beneath his hand and the Alpha gripped his hips and thrust up, relishing the needy moan and the way his Omega shuddered in his grasp.
Dean furrowed his brows as he watched Ketch swagger up to the counter. “Sixty dollar tip on a fifty dollar bill.” Dean snorted and rolled his eyes. “What an arrogant douche.”
“You know what, fuck you,” Castiel growled as he snatched the first aid kit from the table and started towards the door.
“I suppose that’s a good thing.” Castiel shifted and grinned at the Alpha over the roses. “Because it’s virtually impossible to tame my hair.”
nervous. Castiel felt as amazing as ever pressed against him, his weight comforting, his scent unlike any other.
Dean growled and white-knuckled Baby’s steering wheel so hard it groaned under his grip. Sam side-eyed Dean with a furrowed brow and a look of concern. He opened his mouth to speak but then shut it just as quickly. He was definitely choosing his words
“You, my dear Sammykins,” Gabriel began as he reached in his pocket and pulled out a pocket knife. He tossed it to the other alpha and continued, “are going to carve your name into The Lost Souls Tree.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered as he reached up and placed his palm on his mate’s cheek and urged him to meet his eyes. When the Omega lifted his head Dean saw fear in those baby blues. Fear that his Alpha did regret it, and fear of being rejected. “Not for one second.” Dean shook his head, “it led me to you.” He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips.
“Isn’t it a lovely Halloween night, sweetheart?” Castiel asked as he and Dean descended down the hill.
Dean raised an eyebrow and watched as Castiel slowly dished out a serving of potatoes onto his plate. His fingers tingled where Castiel had brushed them and he was hit again with the realization. He blew out a slow breath, shaking away every lingering thought, and focused on the boy in front of him.
rare and the animal type vary from bloodline. My family has a long lineage of feline shifters, dating back, well…” Castiel trailed off, “as far as we know. I also don’t
Dean chuckled softly as he settled down beside his daughter, grinning as Cas did the same behind their son. Once the four of them were settled in the nest, Dean glanced over to his mate, giving him a look of pure love and adoration before he turned his attention to their children between them. He cleared his throat and began.
Sam nodded as he clicked away on his cell. “Got it! One campsite in town.” He grinned at the group. “Let’s go check out Camp Heavenly Valley.”
There were school friends of the Winchesters and Jo -- Ash, Benny, Charlie, Ruby, Jessica -- as well as some neighbors -- Rufus and his wife, Sheriff Jody and Officer Donna. There were coworkers of Ellen’s and regular customers, that Lucifer couldn’t catch the names of, men who worked with Bobby at the shop or who provided him special parts. There was even a woman who knew Sam and Dean, bypassing Ellen at the door and sweeping both of them up into a big hug.
As the moments of silence ticked on Luc cleared his throat and tried again. “Because you’re named after an angel.”
The disappointed look from his omega, combined with his doubts about telling Castiel how he felt made his anger roar back to life. So much for trying to keep a level head.
Dean’s hand squeezed Cas hand a little tighter as he whispered, “So nothing shy of death could break our bond?”
Cas gasped and bared his neck as slick leaked from him, soaking his underwear. “Alpha,” he groaned as Dean buried his nose in the Omega’s throat, scenting and nipping at the expanse of skin offered to him. Cas’ head dropped back, hitting the paneled wall with a thud. The Alpha moaned as the sweet scent of slick hit him like a mack truck. He reached around, gripping the Omega’s ass as he started to rut against him, rubbing his rock hard cock against Cas’.
“What’s that?” The Alpha asked as he wandered over to a set of three rooms, between the nurses station and the kitchenette. Dean peered into the first room’s broken window as he listened to his mate’s reply.
“As a matter of fact I do, I came to deliver a message. Had no idea I’d get scarred for life in the process,” the Alpha grumbled as he flicked his fluke back and forth. “Dad wants you and Dean to meet him in the throne room.”
Dean found himself smiling as he let himself in the side door, slipping off his shoes and dropping his keys and wallet on the side table. He slipped into the kitchen and pressed himself against Castiel’s back, smiling as he inhaled the scent of mate and home and --
Dean opened his mouth, ready to snap at him like he had Charlie, but found the words stuck in his throat. He swallowed hard, glancing over to see Cas looking up into the night sky, his face relaxed and peaceful. Dean cleared his throat, turning his head back to look up.
“Do you have to read that now?” Castiel whined, completely ignoring the small glass bottle as he leaned up and licked a stripe up Dean’s throat.
“What?” Castiel yelled back as he threw up his arms, hissing in pain. He placed his hands on his right side just above his hipbone as he continued through gritted teeth, “Do you want to yell at me some more? Tell me how reckless I was tonight? How it was
“That would make it easier on Gabriel, moving into a fully furnished home.” Dean hummed and leaned into his Omega’s touch as Castiel caressed his cheek. “Depending on what he’s bringing, he may be able to rent a small U-haul instead of one of the larger ones.”
“No, he won’t,” Castiel leaned in and nuzzled his Alpha’s throat. “My father will believe the story I came up with until the banquet is over. Then...” the Omega trailed off as he breathed in deeply, taking in his Alpha’s heady scent. “I will tell him about you.” Castiel sighed as he pressed closer to his mate. “I’m going to tell him everything.”
“Oh, no,” Dean shook his head, “it's your birthday! You don’t get dish duty on your birthday. But, hey… are the others gone now?”
“You can move,” Castiel whispered and Dean pulled back, kissing him once more softly before locking their eyes. He held Castiel close, stroking him slowly as he rolled his hips back, pulling out slightly before pushing back in. He set a slow, steady pace, watching each expression that flitted across the Omega’s face until Castiel was shifting his hips up to meet everyone of Dean’s shallow thrusts.
“Well then.” Dean pushed up to his feet and held his hand out to Castiel to pull him up. “What are we waiting for?”
“After you broke my heart, after you called me an Omega bitch and told me to bend over.” Cas’ voice rose with every word he spoke. “I still wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt. You were my true mate, Dean. I loved you and you couldn’t stand up to a few dumb jocks for me. But yet,” Cas huffed a self deprecating laugh. “I still waited there by your car for you for hours.”
“No, not that,” she waved her hand before placing her elbows on the table and resting her chin in her hands. “Why haven’t you gone for the key?”
“Last door on the right,” Castiel mumbled against Dean’s lips. “And if we don’t hurry I’m just going to bend over the couch.”
“Looky here!” Ketch pulled the shirt back even more, exposing the entire mark. He glanced over his shoulder at Dean. “Nice, clean bite.” Ketch pulled Castiel into a hug whispering, “I’m happy for you.”
The following morning, as he’s stirring his honey into his coffee, deciding that buckwheat honey was not as suitable for coffee as the wildflower after weeks of experimentation and rumination, he pulls out the photo he took. He stares at it thoughtfully. Sam is profile, staring at Dean, while Dean is turned to the camera, caught in the moment, his face open and innocent. Settling down at his desk, he pulls out his sketchbook. He had no idea how to draw, really, with most of his artistic expression being in writing and repetitive sigils drawn in blood, but he understands that art is largely geometry. He maps it out slowly – the jutting bone of Dean’s eyebrow, the angle of his jaw, the curve of his hair. It’s abstract at best, and looks nothing like Dean, but he traces those same shapes over and over until he’s filled the page with meaningless lines and corners. He carefully tucks the photo into the sketchbook and places it in a drawer when he hears Sam call for him, likely to help with research for a case.
Dean huffs out a laugh. “Something like that, yeah,” he mutters, because he’s not so sure that Chuck and Jack operate on even remotely similar wavelengths.
“I heard about it on the internet when I was looking up stuff about Star Wars and Riverdale,” Jack explains, and Dean shifts closer to him to see what’s on his screen. He sees a few websites open, but they look like just a bunch of text. “It’s called fanfiction. Do you know what that is?”
“Dean Winchester, you are the man who was ready to sacrifice his life ten times over for the freedom of others. You always chose free will. Freedom isn’t really a gift to you when you fought so hard against fate that it literally broke.” Jack sees Dean take a breath and he holds his hand up. Dean relents.
Later, Sam pulls Castiel aside to ask him if he’s okay with Sam leaving. Castiel insists that he’s fine, and that he need not worry about Castiel’s feelings, but Sam just gives him a look. He reminds Castiel that he’s family, too, and that he matters just as much as Dean. Castiel nods, and he’s conflicted again by the individuality of humanity and the necessity for family. His ‘family’ is disjointed at best; he has Claire, who has come around to being something close to a daughter again, and he had Jack, who he still feels wherever he goes, but corporeal form does a lot for the human senses. He has Sam, and of course he has Dean, but when he feels more than helpless on a few hunts, he can’t help but feel like he doesn’t contribute. Sure, he has the knowledge to aid with research, but when push comes to shove, he’s often better off staying back in the car. His body doesn’t move like it used to, and while Sam offered to do some workouts with him, he knew that time was not on his side. With the slowing frequency of their hunts, they were all losing their mojo.
Castiel and Dean have yet to talk about what was said before he was swallowed by the Empty. When Castiel came back, he was fragile and exhausted, and Dean immediately swooped in to help him recover, and they didn’t speak much. Castiel, for one, was far too tired to say much, and Dean was keeping himself busy with making sure he was okay. By the time Castiel was able to walk around on his own without slumping to the floor, the confession’s presence was less noticeable. Jack gave him something so marvelous, a life with the people he cared for the most, and Castiel is so afraid of destroying it, so he silences his want. Dean never brings it up, and so Castiel assumes he knows what Dean’s response to him might have been.
He thinks more about what Sam said as the days pass, as he fills in his sketchbook with more drawings, the pages paperclipped with new photos. He took a few of more of Dean, some of Miracle, and others of the nature outside the bunker. When they went out to the city, he would snap some tourist-y photos of Dean, who would roll his eyes at being forced to pose, but always flashed a brilliant smile for the camera. It’s a smile that Castiel studies intensely, but he can’t quite capture it on paper. He wonders how he could ever take care of Dean the way he is now, weak and riddled with emotion, unable to even heal the smallest cut without the help of a first-aid kit. He wants to say he understands, just so his mind can stop racing, but it’s more challenging to convince himself that he would like.
They had spent the week slowly packing up the bunker, Sam having moved out with Eileen a few months prior. It was an inevitability that they would leave this place, but Dean and Castiel still had things to, well,
Dean crooks an eyebrow at him. “You guys have, like, the same face dude. Can’t be that hard,” he jokes, and Castiel scowls at him.
It was a quiet few days after everything came back. The world whirred outside the bunker, but Sam and Dean spent most of their time inside. It was exhausting, debilitating, even, to have been bestowed freedom in this way. Sam works slowly, reorganizing the bunker, making calls to those who are still around, and just wandering outside, observing the new old world. Sam is intimidated by the sheer breadth of possibility, but there’s a growing spark in him that is excited to carve out a new path.
Every morning, Castiel puts a spoonful of honey into his coffee, just enough to sweeten it and change its consistency ever so slightly, its sweet and roasted residue sticking to the inside of his mouth. Dean doesn’t get it and refuses to try it, which in many ways is fine as it means more honey for Castiel, but he can’t help but want to share it. It’s the sharing that’s complicated for Castiel. As an angel, he was so self-sustaining, and although Sam and Dean offered him shelter (except for one other time that is both painfully similar and unbelievably different from his current human experience), he decides that part of his humanity is to build an independence. However, it would be an independence that is more complex, more nuanced than before.
“I don’t want a thank you, Dean,” Jack says, shrugging his shoulders. “All I want is for you to keep your end of the promise.”
Dean figures that it makes enough sense. Every kid out there has imagined themselves as a jedi, or a superhero. It seems to be more or less the same thing. He looks back at the document, and another question surfaces.
In that moment, right before he pushed Dean aside, he truly was happy. It was overwhelming, terrifying, even, but he was
They’re facing each other, a few inches apart on the couch, and Castiel admires Dean up close. The crook of his nose dusted with freckles from long days in the sun. The curl of his eyelashes, the wrinkles around his eyes, the fullness of his lips. And, of course, the green in his iris that not even nature could conjure. When Castiel loved Dean before, he saw something that he thought was much more meaningful, his soul, his spirit, his righteousness. Now, without his grace, he knows that he sees those same things with equal intensity in the beauty of his form. Castiel sees Dean deeper than he ever had before.
Jack tilts his head. “I made two promises to you, Dean. I would do my best, but I needed time,” he says matter-of-factly, “and that I would no longer interfere. I’ve fulfilled one, and I’m here to fulfill the second.”
Some days, Dean thinks Castiel didn’t give him a chance to say anything back. Other days, Dean thinks he didn’t deserve to say anything anyways.
Sprawled out on his bed, dressed in his trench coat and suit like always, his back rises and falls with his breathing.
The following morning, Castiel pours his coffee with honey into a travel mug, and it’s early enough that neither Sam nor Dean are awake. He scrawls a note about heading into town to pick up a few things, leaving it on the kitchen table, and climbs into his old truck. He thanks Jack that the car still turns on after a long stretch of neglect and he drives aimlessly towards the closest town.
It’s hard to plan the rest of your life freed from the shackles of fate when he doesn’t even know that. So, he drinks some more.
“So, is that what you’re writing? Fanfiction?” Dean asks, trying to keep his tone as non-judgmental as possible. He’s heard from multiple people that his gravelly drawl can often come off as sarcastic and biting even when he doesn’t mean it to. Sam called it toxic masculinity, but Sam calls most things Dean does toxic masculinity.
But today is Saturday which means Dean is forcing them all to take a break from moving responsibilities. It also means a late brunch of some approximation of eggs benedict (Dean saw it on some brunch menu in a diner years ago, and had been morbidly curious about poached eggs and hollandaise sauce since) and fresh fruit and yoghurt for Jack and Castiel. Jack is still not much of a sleeper, mostly in that he doesn’t sleep in very often, and while Castiel enjoys the luxury of waking up well into the afternoon, he enjoys early mornings picking baskets of strawberries at the farmer's market with Jack more.
Dean swallows. “Yeah, I guess you would know that now, but just because…” he coughs, pushing down the need to cry, or scream, or go silent again,
“I was a big part of the reason Cas went to the Empty in the first place, so I had some, um, leverage? Is that the right word? Anyways, I got him out, but his grace couldn’t come with him.”
“He’s not boring,” he repeats, a look of concentration on his face. “He’s… loyal. He’s kind, he’s strong. He’s always there for his friends, even when it’s dangerous. Especially when it’s dangerous.”
It’s a normal morning like any other when Dean wakes up to see Jack sitting at the edge of his bed, mindlessly scratching Miracle behind the ear. Jack looks up, his serious face breaking into a smile.
The silence that falls in the room is one of understanding, but Dean still feels a frustration fester within. He puts his head in his hands and groans.
– he knew that his usual attire was somewhat odd, given the bevy of strange looks and comments he’s received during hunts over the years, and even Dean’s own teasing of his trench coat – but it was never a major concern on his end. Now, suddenly, surrounded by a sea of t-shirts, the need to appear sensible and stylish is a burdensome priority.
Sam takes him out to the farmer’s market, and Dean always insists on tagging along if Castiel is going. Castiel knows Dean doesn’t like these kinds of things, the earnest and overbearing goodness on display all around him, but he’s happy that Dean’s there with him. Dean pays for the two buckets of honey that Castiel had been eyeing – one buckwheat, the other wildflower – and carries them despite Castiel insisting that his arms work just fine. Dean asks what he plans to do with the honey, and he just shrugs. He has no plans, but he knows it’s something he likes, and so he wants it. That’s also a new human sensation, to give in to a want as trivial as honey, but it’s satisfying.
“Not even a little bit, Cas. I mean, I’d be a damn hypocrite if I did, considering I do it too.” Castiel swivels his head to look at Dean, whose face is composed and calm.
He tells Claire about Jack, her brother, and Claire laments that she never got to meet him. Castiel regrets never introducing them, but he knew it was for their safety, and he tells her that Jack will visit again. He doesn’t know if this is true, but something tells him Jack won’t stay away for too long.
It's only about a half-hour into his drive when he receives a phone call from Dean. Deciding to be safe, he pulls over onto the shoulder of the highway and picks up. Dean’s voice is strained but not angry, and he asks vehemently where Castiel is. When Castiel asks him if he saw the note on the kitchen table, he hears Dean’s footsteps through the phone, and his eventual sigh upon reading the note. He reprimands Castiel to leave the note in a more ‘obvious place’, before asking when he would be back. Castiel has no idea, but he gives a rough time approximation that he hopes puts Dean at ease. As he pulls back onto the highway, he wonders if this, too, is a part of independence.
Being without grace is more of a double entendre than Castiel wants to admit. He’s clumsy in his human form, and even if it’s his second go so to speak, it’s foreign and unsettling. Every touch is new, every sensation heightened, and it’s so much good and so much bad that he’s surprised more humans aren’t driven mad by the contradictions of the human body. The last time he was human, he was focused solely on survival, on blind instinct. This time, it’s so different he almost thinks he isn’t human at all.
Before his humanity, he always found it odd how many photos Dean seemed to keep. He could understand the sentimental value of the photo of Mary that he kept close, but he was always less clear about the more seemingly meaningless snapshots, such as when he would occasionally snap a photo of Castiel on a hunt, or a picture of him and Sam hunched over old tomes in the bunker. Turning over the polaroid in his hand, he thinks he’s starting to understand the human fascination with photos.
Sometimes, when Sam and Dean leave to go on a hunt, leaving Castiel alone (though Miracle is there, and he’s basically at Castiel’s heels wherever he goes), he just wanders around the bunker. Castiel asked to join them a few times, but Sam insisted, perhaps on Dean’s behalf, that he needed to rest still. The hunts are infrequent, thankfully, and they talk loosely about stopping the hunts in the near future. Castiel can’t help but find that funny, that he would return to Earth just in time to
Eventually, Jack gets up, and Dean knows he has to go. Before he leaves, he looks at Dean with as much seriousness as a three-year-old in an adult body can muster.
“I will admit we have striking facial similarities, but he’s…different. Brighter. Happier.” Castiel sighs, and Dean gives him a strange look.
When they return, Sam and Eileen rush out of some corner in a shockingly similar manner to how Gabriel and Rowena had once scrambled, and Dean groans loudly about using bedrooms for bedroom activities. Sam looks flustered but Eileen laughs it off, dragging him away somewhere more private. Dean comments under his breath that the lovebirds would eventually have to find their own nest, and this time Castiel does not miss what he says.
. It’s ridiculous for his protective parental instinct kicking in over a fictional character, but he pays it no mind. “Why Archie? Isn’t he kind of boring?”
It’s not a case, and instead he sees Dean and Sam sitting in the living room, their own coffee’s in their hands. Castiel slides onto the same couch as Dean, a reasonable distance between them, and sips on his coffee. There’s a strange tension in the room, and Castiel does not enjoy the near-physical sensation that accompanies social awkwardness. Turns out, Sam called the ‘family meeting’ as he called it to announce that he’s planning to move out with Eileen, and Castiel waits for Dean’s reaction. Dean seems unsure at first, but instead of words he stands up and pulls Sam into a hug. Castiel wonders why he was called into the meeting, as if his input was necessary in something that clearly just involved Sam and Dean, but he couldn’t help but smile at the brothers in embrace, a sincerity that feels stronger after, well, they defeated God.
Dean catches what Jack almost said. It’s no secret, the kid’s face lights up any time Archie is on the screen. To Dean, Archie’s pretty unremarkable, a typical handsome male lead who gets all the ladies, but definitely the kind of guy young kids would idolize. He scrolls down further, his eyes scanning the words in the document.
Jack thinks for a moment. “Well, I didn’t know if that was a wise thing to do, especially if I can’t stay forever. Well, like this, that is.” Dean ruffles Jack’s hair.
“Jack, you have to tell me the truth right now,” he starts, doing his best to keep his voice steady. “You have to tell me if there’s a catch.”
“Not important. Nerd stuff. You’ll learn about that later,” Dean huffs. Truth be told, writing may have been the one thing Dean did not mind during his sporadic high school stint. He’s sure that if John had let him stay at one place for longer than a few weeks, he might have actually enjoyed analyzing literature and writing comparative essays on historical events. Instead, all he had were beat up Vonnegut volumes he stole from the school libraries in some deep corner of his closet. He’s not sure if one can get a degree on one author, but he’s pretty sure he’s qualified for at least a bachelor’s in Vonnegut.
“Dean, there was no way for you or Sam to get Cas out. No spell, no magic that I know of that would have let you guys get there and back without getting hurt.”
Jack gives Dean his best scowl before softening his expression. “No, he’s not boring,” he says defiantly. He ponders for a moment, and Dean takes another sip of coffee as he waits for Jack to continue his thought.
Castiel doesn’t know if he should admit that he has. It seems vain to want to see his own entry, especially since he’s no longer an angel, but curiosity had gotten the best of him.
Jack chuckles. “That’s true. I guess it’s more about getting to hang out with Ar- I mean, with the characters. That’s what I like.”
Dean jerks his head towards Jack. “We’re just talking about how Jack wants a friend like Archie Andrews.” Jack tosses a pillow at Dean, and Dean revels in the small joy of being the one Jack confided in first, even if he leaked his little secret almost immediately.
“When I promised that I wouldn’t interfere anymore, I meant it,” he starts, speaking in the same manner he used to, thoughtfully chewing on each word. Dean swallows, hard.
Sam finally knocks on his door after several days of the same daytime silence and midnight wailing. It’s morning, and Dean’s still a little drunk from the night before. He opens the door, letting Sam in, and he crawls back into bed, Miracle tucked into his side.
for him? How could he ever be enough for Castiel, and how could he ever be so selfish to want him here after that?
, but he’s not. Each morning, he stays in bed until Miracle pesters him long enough to be left out. He makes fleeting eye contact with Sam, but he doesn’t talk much. Sam will often tell him what he plans to do for the day, and Dean will nod, but not speak. He feels like his voice doesn’t work anymore, in that even if he wanted to say something, he wouldn’t be able to. Thankfully, Miracle is receptive to non-verbal communication.
Dean furrows his brow. “Without getting hurt? Jack, he lost his damn grace!” he says with a bit more bite than he intends. Jack doesn’t seem fazed.
Dean stands outside Castiel’s door for what feels like hours, and he swears he can hear Castiel breathing in his sleep. Still, he’s not convinced that he’ll be there when he opens the door. Sam is in the kitchen, and he gave Dean a knowing look before telling him to go to Castiel. He takes a deep breath, counting his fingers and toes and pinching himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming, and he opens the door slowly.
He turns his head towards Jack’s laptop, pointing to it with his chin. “So, you gonna show me?” he says, but he backpedals when he sees Jack’s hesitation. “N-Not that you have to, I mean, we all have our private stuff. But, y’know. If you want.”
It’s too much, and so he lets some of it go. He tells Dean how he’s felt about being human, about how confusing and nonsensical everything about it has been. He tells him about how it feels to want such trivial things, how impactful the smallest inconveniences can be, and how overwhelming it is to be so
“Well, it seems like it’s mostly Archie and you doing stuff here,” he mutters, sneaking a glance at Jack whose face is growing red. Dean places the laptop back on the bed and picks up his coffee mug, taking a long sip of the now lukewarm brew.
If Jack never said anything to him, he might be better off. Maybe one day he could take on finding Castiel on his own terms – he’s sure there’s some spell he could find to get Castiel back, after all. Maybe then he could go on and live his life like Sam is. He hears Sam call Jody a few times, and Dean thinks about Claire. He wonders if Claire knows what happened to Castiel, and he wonders if Sam told her.
“You’re too young for those anyway,” Dean scoffs, and Jack nods solemnly. It’s easy for other people to forget how young Jack is, but Dean, Sam, and Castiel are acutely aware of his “true age”, so to speak. “So, what are you writing yours about?”
While humanity is complex, it’s also fettered with routine and simpleness. The days are repetitive – they switch between researching and relaxing, and sometimes their days are punctuated by visitors like Eileen, but otherwise they’re much the same. Some days Sam talks about his plans for the future, but Dean never participates. Castiel, understandably, has no idea what his plans are, and so they don’t press, but he can tell Sam is nudging at Dean.
. His purpose is increasingly unclear as he pads around the bunker, his fingers grazing the walls as he walks by, and in some ways, he envies Jack, his son who will never be without purpose.
, really. All his visions of independence still tethered back to Dean in some fashion, and in every vision, in every excursion, he bookmarked it with coming back to Dean, to tell him stories, to show him artifacts. It’s too much.
Dean doesn’t want to be angry with anyone. In a sense, it was all a collection of necessary evils to get to this point – Castiel had to sacrifice himself for Jack, and Jack’s departure was the logical next step after he took Chuck’s power. He should be used to this, he thinks, and he should be
“Well, who else would it be? You know Sammy can’t draw for shit,” Dean laughs, and Castiel has to agree. He’s seen Sam try and draw during their research meetings, and it’s…abstract at best.
He opts to stick to simple things; unadorned t-shirts in several colours, plain sweaters, and a sturdy jacket that he notes is quite similar to Dean’s, which manages to wrangle out a small smile from the otherwise silent man. He tries some things on, such as jeans, when he realizes he can’t exactly estimate how they’d fit on his body from just looking at them. When he sees how flushed Dean gets when he steps out of the dressing room in skinny jeans, he’s almost tempted to buy them, but they’re unfortunately far too uncomfortable and impractical for much else besides making Dean blush. In some ways, that’s an excellent purpose for an article of clothing, but they were still hunters, and above all else, hunters value practicality.
It’s such a strange thing to be human. He thinks the reciprocation would be accompanied by some cosmic revelation, some great happening of light and emotion, but instead he just feels warm. He feels warm when Dean pulls him into a hug, when their lips meet in the middle, when he feels his hands wrap around the back of his head.
he thinks, which would be an eventual next step), but it’s about more than that. Dean nods, but he mutters something under his breath that Castiel doesn’t quite catch. As sensitive as his, well, senses are, they fail him in many ways too.
Castiel closes his eyes. He does, a lot, too much in fact. Each day it’s a dull ache, but some days it swells and pushes at his walls in an all-consuming manner.
Dean takes a sip of his coffee, as if to avoid the question, and Castiel prods at his cheek to get him to answer. Dean rolls his eyes.
“You were quite generous with your interpretation,” he mutters, and Dean scoffs. “I don’t think I’ve ever looked like one of Charlie’s comic book covers.”
“It’s silly, Dean,” he mutters, fiddling with his pencil between his fingers, “he’s here with us, and I feel him, I do. But…”
Castiel nuzzles into Dean, trying to get him to relax. “When you found me working at the Gas-N-Sip, that’s when I knew what it feels like to be human.”
Castiel feels the want to crawl into Dean’s bed after he steps out of the bathroom, freshly showered and sleepy from the hot water. Dean’s already curled up under the covers, full of pie and conversation, and as much Castiel wants, he doesn’t give in. Wanting is a strange thing, and sometimes not fulfilling it is enough to quell it.
On the drive back, Dean admits that he told Jody what had happened. He assumes that Castiel did the same with Claire, and he confirms. It’s as simple as that. Castiel did not tell Claire about the loaded confession that preluded his capture (and he assumes Dean didn’t tell Jody either), but something tells him Claire pieced it together pretty quickly.
Dean laughs, the low rumble shaking through Castiel. The physicality of sensation like this never fails to catch Castiel off guard.
. Now, back with the man who gave him so much joy, he yearns to chase that same happiness, and he feels it in small doses, like when Dean starts adding honey to his coffee without asking, or when Dean hums along to one of the CD’s Castiel had bought at the music store, and Castiel hopes that those small moments are enough to sustain his aching human heart.
Castiel, still half asleep, seems unfazed. “No dating, Jack. We’ve been over this,” he says matter-of-factly, and Jack groans.
“I’ve lived thousands of years understanding the universe through complex and indescribable dimensions, through colours and feelings incomprehensible to humans.” Castiel realizes he’s rambling, but he lets himself speak.
Of course, there was also the comfort of not having to face Dean after his poorly timed confession. Well, poorly timed in terms of fucking up any sort of follow-through in their relationship, whether it be love or heartbreak, but even though Castiel is sure that Dean wants him in a way that follows similar to his own, the unknown is soothing. He made that promise because the thought he could hold out forever, after all, and that happiness was something untethered to an angel, but true to his curious journey, he’s never really followed the path made for him.
Dean is quiet beside him, but he’s relaxed. Castiel is relieved at that – the last thing he needs is for this to turn into an uncomfortable situation.
Even as an angel, Castiel had always found joy in small things – flowers, bees, and other small animals always gave him comfort, and so sometimes he steps out of the bunker with Miracle to just sit in nature. It’s different to experience creation as a human, its intricacies so invisible and incomprehensible in their mechanisms. Instead, all that is visible to the human perception is the unabashed beauty of it all – the colours of falling leaves, the cool dampness of the mud, the whistle of the wind through the tree branches like an instrument, it’s all overwhelmingly beautiful. Castiel had seen beauty, particularly in the face of one particular human, but with human senses, a beauty that he once thought shallow and contrived, it’s so much more saturated and powerful.
“Why did you bring him back, Jack?” he asks, and he knows it’s unfair to ask, but he feels like he has to. Jack answers immediately.
Dean wonders if Castiel fell for him while he was asleep, because now, watching Castiel sleep peacefully, he feels an indescribable pull in his heart.
On some level, of course Dean trusts Jack. Jack has a limitless empathy about him that he knows will only be used for good, but Dean can’t help but feel utterly helpless. Castiel is in the Empty
“You suffered for me, too. This is more than a thank you, Dean, this is me making things right. I don’t think I could just hang out in heaven without ever doing this for you.”
Sam asks him to take care of Dean, and Castiel tries to understand. When he was an angel, he watched over Dean with a fierce eye, but now, wings clipped, he feels that Dean is the one taking care of him. Dean feeds him, takes him out when he asks (he hasn’t made an independent trip since the last one, as Dean seems to want to tag along, insisting he enjoys the driving), and generally makes sure his complicated relationship with physical humanity is explained. Castiel knows it should feel overbearing sometimes, and he can logic that Dean is being excessively protective, but it doesn’t feel like too much. He does, however, feel the guilt of taking away his time, though he’s unsure how to voice that without potentially causing a problem.
He starts small. One morning, as he stirs his honey into his coffee, he asks Dean to take him clothes shopping. He knows he can go alone, but he’s taking baby steps after all. Castiel had been borrowing Sam and Dean’s clothes for the most part, and he enjoys wearing Dean’s shirts more than he’d care to admit. Dean agrees to take him, but asks him why he wants to go, and Castiel tells him he just wants things of his own. It’s not exactly a lie but stepping around the truth feels second nature at this point. Of course, he doesn’t have his own money (
Jack insisted that the cost was his grace, but Castiel is willing to sacrifice much more to keep what he has right now.
