“Pro tip, Cas:” he growled, “don’t mention a guy’s little brother when you’ve got your hand down the back of his pants.”
Sam paused where he was gathering his gargantuan shoes, peering at Dean over his shoulder. “You didn’t just say sorry and make out with him did you?” he asked suspiciously. Dean coughed. “Oh, Dean, gross!” Sam howled, chucking a shoe at Dean’s head.
Cas grinned. “Mrs. Heely didn’t teach reading, either.”
“It is safer inside the house.” Cas said. Dean wondered if he would have caught the tone of disapproval two years ago. Probably not. “There are many more layers of wards there than on the land.”
Cas clenched his jaw and walked on.
Cas smacked him lightly across the back of his head and Dean laughed louder. “You started it this time.” Dean told him.
Dean slept nearly the whole way to the bunker. Despite the flash of grace-healing, he was still exhausted and smelled like a wet burlap sack. Nikki’s spell worked and border patrol didn’t even notice them sliding right through. Sam scared the hell out of a gas station clerk who hadn’t seen the massive black muscle car parked at pump three. Kevin got out to stretch his legs every time they stopped. Dean woke up each time and immediately checked Cas. His subconscious seemed to be having trouble accepting Cas was safe. He supposed a few nights dreaming of Cas in dire straights had left him a little jumpy. But the angel just kept sleeping all the way through Montana. The shivering had stopped before they’d hit the border and Dean had rolled Cas onto his back, worried that he would damage his arm if he laid on it too long. That was a thing, right?
“Pretty soon he’ll be toilet trained and everything.” Gabe agreed with a nod.
Goddamnit. “Did you need something?”
Bela nodded. “He’s a loathsome little devil but I must say I’m finding afterlife under his reign somewhat more pleasurable than under my previous master.” Dean couldn’t help but shudder at the word ‘pleasurable’. Of all the images he did not need in his head, Bela and Crowley going at it was pretty damn high on the list. “He enjoys ‘nurturing emerging talent’, as he puts it.”
“Alright. ” Cas agreed easily, trailing after Dean as he followed Kenny’s path. In the front yard Lisa stood with a rifle butt braced against her shoulder, her eyes narrowed on a coffee can that had seen better days. Ben sat on the trunk of an old Mazda beside her, watching his mother’s target practice with a look somewhere between awe and chagrin. It had been very quickly decided - entirely by Lisa and with a voice that brooked zero argument - that he should not be taught to shoot. Dean and Bobby would teach him to fight, how to wield a knife and escape from a hold, but guns were quite firmly out of the question until he was fifteen.
“I’d kiss my way down to your cock, but I’d make sure these got plenty of attention on the way.” He dug his thumbnail into Cas’s nipple lightly, biting his lip when Cas whined and arched into it. “I’d take your dick in my mouth as far as I could, let you put your hands in my hair ‘cause I know you love it.”
The soup kitchen remained busy for weeks after New Year’s and Cas dutifully spent one night a week helping out. Sometimes Gabriel would drop off “extra” bread and cookies with Cas and Norah would thank them both with a knowing smirk. Since the revelation that Ruby was doing her community service hours there Sam had decided not to join Cas on his visits. Ruby avoided him, too, darting into the kitchen whenever he appeared on the serving line. Cas didn’t mind. He’d had little enough to say to her before he knew who she was, and he found now that he did know he was just as reticent as she was to strike up a conversation.
“What?”
“Very little.” Cas noted, frowning as Gabriel tugged the bag over from where Lisa had left it on the table and dug another spoonful of sugar out for herself. “But perhaps centuries of posing as Loki has forced my brother to gain a few Trickster traits more permanently.”
One look between the screen and Sam’s careless expression and Dean grinned wide. “Ok, Cas,” he said, kicking off his shoes, “So maybe I’m eighty-five percent sure.”
It was a fumbling, beautiful mess and all too soon they lay still and unpleasantly sticky, breathing into each other in the chill of the Impala. Dean stroked his fingers over Cas’s stomach where his shirt was still pushed up into his armpits.
She brightened again and nodded, pointing towards a rack of cookies and things at the back wall. “That’s what we’ve got. Take a look.”
“Sam Winchester explained it to me, once.” Castiel remembered. “He said that if he were to think too much about all the possibilities, all the things that could and probably would go wrong, he would be paralyzed, unable to move in any direction for fear he had chosen the wrong one. He said that the best he could do was keep moving, to chose the course that felt right, that aligned most closely with his morals and have faith.”
Dinner was even more bizarre than Dean would have thought possible. He caught Ben poking at a crossbow propped in the corner of the living room and spent ten minutes making absolutely sure Ben knew how slowly and carefully Dean would peel his skin off if he caught him touching a single weapon again. Normally he didn’t threaten the kid, remembering all too well John’s early lessons in weapon safety and how they’d scared the bejeezus out of him and Sam, but he wanted to make dead sure Ben wasn’t going to accidentally blow his own foot off.
“Good. Let’s get that brake setup finished today and call for Zedmore to pick it up.” Bobby grumped. “Get that moron out of my hair.”
“How many of us will die in his war?” Balthazar asked, low and echoing. Castiel paused. “If you refuse him flat out you risk that war beginning almost immediately.”
“This is getting us nowhere.” Clipped Cas, stepping right up to the edge of the devil’s trap. “Who has been guarding the cage since you took over the reign of Hell?”
“So is speeding.” Cas pointed out calmly. “And yet you were happy enough to go thirty miles over the speed limit driving here. You break the rules when it suits you, Dean. So why is that one so important?”
Whatever Bobby was saying Ellen cut him off, leaning across the bar to grip his scruffy collar and draw him in for a kiss.
“Sure is. But I was a better driver at 13 than most people at 20. I mean we grew up in this car. I can’t imagine
Gabriel paused, his face totally blank.
“Hey!” Dean protested mildly.
“You’re looking better, brother.” Benny observed, leaning a hip on the fender and wiping his hands on a rag.
“Latte.” Cas sighed and made his way to his favorite table, taking the seat facing the door so he could watch Gabriel as he flitted about. They’d decided it was too cold for ice cream after all and Gabriel had spent the drive home planning the elaborate brunch they would eat instead. Cas had let him prattle on, his rage slowly dissipating into exhaustion.
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s your mess he’ll be cleaning up, Ash, so try to keep Cas happy today, alright?”
Ganem pointed to his dresser. “There’s a gun in the middle drawer.” Sam leaned over and opened it, pulling out a well-kept revolver.
“Shucks, Cas.” Dean said, unable to resist teasing. “You
To everyone who’s read, commented, and given kudos - I can’t say thank you enough. This was my first foray into fan-fiction and your support has made this a bright spot in my day every time I posted. I accomplished more with this piece than I ever expected and so much of that is down to the support I found here. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
“Found your clubhouse.” Dean explained. “Outside Carthage. Didn’t look like there’d been any great battle there.”
Dean bit back a chuckle as Kenny’s eyes nearly rolled out of his head. Unable to resist, he put on his most easy-going, shoot-the-shit drawl. “Hey, Cas. Sure. Uh, this is Kenny.” No big deal, angels zapping in and out. Not for a Winchester. The thought was both bitter and hilarious.
“Oh yeah?” Dean cocked an eyebrow and squeezed at Cas’s waist. “What were you gonna do, hu?” He tugged gently on Cas’s hand, leading him into the apartment. He shrugged out of his jumpsuit and shimmied it down his hips, kicking it into the corner of the living room before he sat down on the futon. Cas followed suit and Dean clamped down hard on the little voice screaming TAKE IT OFF! in his brain. When Cas glanced at the place beside him Dean shook his head, He reached out, guiding Cas forward until he was kneeling on the futon, straddling Dean’s lap. It was fine, Dean told himself. He wanted Cas closer than just sitting beside one another, wanted to hold him for a while. And he could control himself, damnit.
Cas melted against him, remembering the night of their first real date. He had asked Dean to stay. He was watched the heat bloom in Dean’s eyes at the words and felt it echo in his belly. Apparently there’d been no need to be cautious that night, no need for promises not to tease. He licked his lips, scraping his fingers up Dean’s arms and leaning his forehead to Dean’s.
Cas’s head lolled on Dean’s shoulder and he had no idea if the guy was even alive or not. As hard as it had been to keep himself from drowning he doubted Cas hadn’t gotten a few lungfuls of the Red River.
Benny shook his head. “I ain’t sayin’ you can’t. I’m saying you
“He pulled a me.” He giggled. The laughter only lasted a few seconds before a rockslide of memories flattened it in his chest.
“We had a little help.” Sam piped up, hauling himself upright and leaning across the aisle to speak softer. “Bela showed up.”
Sam’s mouth twisted like maybe he was regretting letting that slip. “Yeah.” He admitted. “He was with me when she showed up. In fact I think he’s the only reason I didn’t have a full-on meltdown.”
BANG BANG BANG! Cas jumped, nearly biting through Dean’s lip as Sam hammered on the window behind them with his fist. “GET A ROOM!” he shouted with a not-very-convincing frown. Behind him Gabriel and Kali were pretending not to laugh.
“Just some kid. He’d only just met her. At the hospital, but I didn’t know that. I didn’t ask. She came in when he was in for treatment. She was alone. Just her new foster mom with her. He knew what she was about to go through. He knew how it felt. He wanted me to fix her.”
Sam shook his head. “I’m with Dean. It would be stupid and probably impossible.”
For the next hour or so everything was quiet except the subtle tapping of Dean’s keyboard and the occasional swish of a turned page. Ben sat bolt upright between Dean and Lisa, his pen poised over his notepad and his eyes bright. Whenever anyone had a tidbit for him he’d scribble furiously for a few seconds before returning to the ready position.
“An inability to recognise language.” Lucifer explained, keeping his tone clinical. “He didn’t suffer any memory loss as far as the doctors can tell but sometimes that can be difficult to assess.”
They both slipped back in, slamming their doors in unison. Dean carefully guided baby around the dead dog. He tried not to think of the blood splatters he was getting in the wheel wells and failed. Whatever. Baby was a goddamn warrior. She wouldn’t mind. Safely past the corpse of the black dog, Dean kept driving slowly so they would see Cas if he had collapsed off in the ditch. He prayed silently as they passed a sign for Highway 4.
Kennedy looked up the path to where several police officers were jogging towards them and quickly flicked the blade away and tossed the knife into the snow far away from him. He put his hands over his head and dropped to his knees, shouting at the officers that he wasn’t armed. After a few seconds of stunned silence Rigby did the same. Cas, adrenaline slowly ebbing away to leave him weak-limbed and wobbily, sank down into the snow and stayed still, his scarf still pressed into his bloodied face.
“Aren’t you going to open them?” Jo asked.
The sunset bled in from the street, streaking the walls in bloody orange as they sat together in silence. Sam’s breathing had slowly settled, his head tipped back over the back of the couch and his large hands resting slack on his thighs. A handful of pigeons crowded onto the windowsill to roost, cooing soft and soothing.
“It was brand new!” whined Alfie, “Well, new to me. I just got it like two weeks ago. My mom’s gonna
As soon as Gabriel opened the doors people began flooding in and time sped up. Children and their parents were absolutely everywhere, shouting, running, eating, laughing and generally having a wonderful time. For hours they passed out candy and pastries to dozens of children and plenty of adults too, and before Castiel knew it it was nearly two and Jo had arrived. She was dressed in a convincingly gruesome zombie get-up, with at least a gallon of fake blood and putrid green guts spilling out over her belt to trail near the floor.
She stared, her face betraying nothing. “You were ill?” she asked.
“I will see you tomorrow.” Cas said. With a nod to Sam and Alfie and a wave to the others he left.
Dean could just make out what Chuck was saying.
“And what did the sap get for his darling little brother Gabriel?” Ellen asked, passing Gabe a small square parcel.
Benny chuckled and slapped Dean’s shoulder with a broad hand. “About time you and Cas worked things out, brother.” He laughed, taking pity on Dean. “Don’t bother me in the slightest, if that’s what’s got you jumping at every damn breath.”
Sam’s smile turned wry. “One that’s just the two of you, I mean. No siblings, no friends, just you two. Have you done that?”
Dean shrugged. “You gotta let your friends help you out, man.” Dean said and Sam’s expression darkened.
“You boys take these out and then get on out of here.” She said, handing the bag to Dean. “And thanks for the help, Castiel. Didn’t have to do that on your big night. Congratulations.”
Dean slammed his fist on the desk. “Bullshit!” he hollered.
Castiel found he liked “actual dates” quite a lot. Loved them, in fact.
As Anna stepped back and took Castiel’s arm Kennedy shuffled back, stuffing his hands back in his pockets.
. And I’m…” he gestured at himself, “not.” He finished.
Gabriel twitched his eyebrows at him. “You got plans?” he asked.
The next twenty minutes passed in stony silence as Castiel’s anger crystalized into an unshakable resolve. They would
“I’m sorry.” Gabriel croaked into his shoulder, her voice ragged from screaming. There was blood between all her teeth. “I wanted to give you longer.”
* * * *
“Don’t scare him off in his first five minutes.” Dean sighed. “Cas, this is Ash, the laziest piece of crap to ever roll downhill. He’s a whiz on systems though so if someone’s got electrical issues or that onboard computer crap you steer them straight to Ash, got it?”
“And both will spill their guts for a twenty.” Sam flipped open his laptop and started rapid-fire typing. “Here, come look at this.”
“Raphael’s sermon calls many to his cause.” Hannah said, her voice flat and emotionless. Balthazar was better at the ups and downs of human languages, at inserting feeling with subtle changes of tone and pace. Castiel could see why his kin had seemed so emotionless to the Winchesters and other humans when he listened to Hannah. “Zephon has declared his support for Raphael, along with Jehoel.”
Dean laughed. “Only for you, big boy.” He winked and leaned back to shoot Cas a finger-gun.
food in that body for a change?”
Damn, coffee would be good right now. Dean felt like his brain was full of scrambled eggs. Oo, eggs would be good too, actually…
Dean looked at her again, wondering if this was some weird form of flirting he’d never encountered before. The way she stared at him it was hard to tell. “You seem invested.” He grinned, falling back on the playful charm that usually saw him through awkward social encounters. “Any particular reason?”
. It’s a dick move, and Raphael is the king of them.”
“That boy has got an overprotective streak 10 miles wide.” Bobby shook his head. “I’m guessing he saw your face all torn up, got scared and pissed and took it all out on you, didn’t he?”
“Fine, Dean. I’m just tired.” His voice was monotone.
Dean leaned forward, clasping his hands tightly around his glass and staring a the bubbles, hoping maybe they could help him out of this. The condensation beaded and dripped down over his fingers and he watched for a bit, wondering how he could possibly phrase what was coming next. “I need you to tell me the truth, Bobby. Is there any way out of the cage?”
Cas decided it was time to pipe up, his face considering. “There may be something in this.” He said. Dean scowled at him. Fucking traitor.
By the time they were finished a few more people had wandered in from the snow, looking for heat or food or just some company in the freezing cold. They gathered in little groups striking up conversations about the storm. Gabriel gave them each a free mug of cocoa and soon the festive atmosphere had spread. Complaints and worries about property damage turned to laughter. Strangers wished Cas a happy birthday, raised their cups to him and smiled. A few college students, rosy cheeked and just as pleased to have the day off as Cas, stumbled in covered in snow and shouting for hot coffee.
wrong?” he could hear the edge of panic in his voice and so could Sam. His brother leaned forward, his hands held flat out and empty like he was trying to prove to Dean he wasn’t a danger.
that tree had come flying out of the darkness and brought his downward trajectory to a shrieking, jagged halt.
Cas grit his teeth. “Have you ever wondered why you’re so fascinated with homosexual behavior, Raphael?” he asked, expecting the taller boy to reel back, offended. To his surprise Raphael only chuckled and gripped him harder.
“You like this?” Dean punctuated each word with a little lick.
Sam shrugged. “Hey, listen, while Dean’s not here, can I ask you a favor?”
Cas sighed, remembering the many nights he’d gone to bed before his father had even made it home. Sundays were often the only day of the week Eli Novak had joined them for dinner. “Not very well, I’m assuming.” He guessed.
Dean just grinned at him. “Cas on
Sam was nodding before he finished. “I know, Cas. I know. I just kind of…panicked.” A strange half-smile tugged at his mouth.
He dried his hands, took a breath, and left the bathroom.
It was Rigby who was beginning to concern Castiel. Carl Sanz - the olive-skinned boy who had attacked Cas in the alleyway a few months back with Raphael’s group - appeared more and more often at Rigby’s side. The reedy, pock-marked teen was apparently unable to function without a beefy sidekick backing him up. Each time Cas passed him Rigby’s face would close down, his watery eyes sparking vicious hatred and his mouth curling into a snarl. Cas wasn’t sure what he’d done recently to pique Rigby’s ire but he assumed the moron blamed him for Kennedy’s sudden distance. Kennedy had always been the more dangerous of the pair, but his drunken promise that Rigby would cut Cas lingered at the back of Castiel’s mind and he made sure to keep an eye out behind him whenever Rigby was around.
Good. Next, the phone call to Lucifer. Anxiety, trepidation, and yes, he supposed Sam had been right to label that little niggling tremor hope.
“Not possible.” Bobby explained. “Contained in high temp glass ceramic and vented into the warded systems. The shut-off switch here cuts off the vents and smothers it. Can’t smash the glass cause it’s enspelled and laced with silver.”
“Anything to worry about? Demons or anything?” Dean asked. Cas shook his head. “Right.” Dean whispered as they climbed the stairs to the green-painted door. “Here goes nothing.”
Cas smiled softly. “I did not know him as well as some of my other brothers and sisters, but Gabriel always felt that we needed to have more fun, be more loving to one another.”
Castiel leaned back against the wall of the building, smiling down at the glow of his screen. It was cold but not uncomfortably so, the stars winking beyond the street lamps and the quiet clamor of a dozen parties drifting from the apartment buildings nearby.
“Still,” Sam said easily, lowering the gun to his lap but keeping it trained on her. “Until I know who and what you are I think I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
Fucking angels, man.
“So.” Sam said, looking mildly bored.
“Don’t lock us out.” Dean warned and Ellen waved them off. The night air was sticky and hot and Cas could smell a thunderstorm coming. He could also smell the trash in Dean’s hand and tried not to breathe too deeply as they flung the bags over into the dumpster. Dean brushed his hands together and smiled at Cas.
“Gee, thanks, Gabe.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“‘Bout damn time.” Ash groused, shoving a half a drumstick into his mouth. Around loud, smacking chews he spluttered, “I swear to Whitesnake I was
Pretty soon he smelled something delicious and hauled himself upright to investigate. As he approached the weird marble island thing that marked the kitchen area Cas proudly presented him with a plate.
“Is anyone going to enlighten me?” Castiel demanded, annoyed.
He’d put in four hours at the book store after his brief and very late lunch with Gabriel, and he was beginning to wonder if the little pinprick of pain in his head was permanent. So many people, so many voices, all chattering and whirling around him like fast-flowing water. Now as he sat in the corner of the little cafe section of
Gabriel shrugged. “He’s got that ‘innocent little lamb’ thing you used to do down pat. Threw me puppy eyes and everything to get me to agree this.”
“If we don’t stop now we’re going to have to run to your apartment and clean up.” Cas told him. “I am not going to my own graduation party with cum in my trousers.”
“What the hell happened?” Dean winced as he heard the anger in his own voice and forced himself to take a breath. He shucked his coat and dropped it over Cas’s shoulders. It had always helped Sam calm down and it was sort of second-nature now when anyone he knew was upset or hurt. “You alright, Cas?”
“That’s what I
He stalked into the dim church, taking in the scene before him with exhausted horror. Sam hunched over a demon. The hideous, gnarled face of the hellspawn was familiar even though Castiel couldn’t focus on the stolen body.
“Sorry.” He murmured, offering another quick kiss. “I got a little carried away.”
Dean told him about Bela’s cryptic warning, about the ‘interested party’ they needed to watch out for. Cas’s face got stonier and stonier.
Seeming to sense that Dean was fraying at the edges, Cas stepped wordlessly up behind him and Dean let his solid presence ground him.
“Of course.” Cas leaned across to press a kiss to his cheek. The spring sunshine was brutal through the windsheild, and despite having unbuttoned his waistcoat and rolled up his shirt sleeves after the ceremony the heat still prickled every inch of Cas’s skin.
“Calm down, slick.” She snapped. “I’m not going to hold you down and shove a load of coke up your nose.”
“Well those are a good workout, I guess.” Alfie smiled.
“Cas?” Jo murmured, leaning into his side and wrapping an arm around his shoulder. Alfie glanced nervously back and forth between them, his earlier ease evaporated.
“Hello.” He said, nodding to Sam, whose face was currently occupied trying to absorb the massive forkful of salad he’d thrust into it. He got a nod in return and a lettuce-laced smile. Jo snatched his wrist, pulling him down beside her.
'least I can say that I tried,
Cas rolled his eyes. “Firstly, Lucifer isn’t your arch nemesis. If anyone of our siblings is your nemesis it’s Michael.”
“On how to break the spell?” Cas pressed, sounding flat-out suspicious now.
Cas didn’t seem to notice that he’d just turned Dean’s brain inside out. “Those are the wards.” He said. “More than I have ever seen, and of a level of sophistication I barely understand.”
Dean was a little too far gone for finesse, so he decided to go for efficiency. Leaning forward, he pressed a sloppy kiss to her over-red lips. She responded enthusiastically, sliding one hand up his thigh and her tongue into his mouth.
“Dunno.” Dean shrugged, stirring the soup again with his free hand before it could burn. “Been trying to get him to answer. No wing-prints or anything but…” he shrugged again.
“Feeding me like a toddler is not romantic, it’s obnoxious.” Cas clarified. “I’ve never understood why anyone enjoys that.”
He expected Dean would be far too busy at the Roadhouse to reply but he was surprised when his phone pinged back.
like it was… I just…” he sighed. “That was harder than I thought it would be.”
“Cas?” he yelped, not liking the angel’s expression one bit.
Sam groaned and ran a hand through his hair, resisting the urge to tear at it. Why on earth was he meeting with her? He’d tried and tried but he couldn’t come up with anything. He didn’t owe her shit. And he certainly didn’t want anything from her. All she could give him was license to destroy himself all over again. He could already feel the crawl under his skin, that reeling itch that made him shake until he wanted to throw up. Just standing across the street from her was enough to send him spiralling.
Cas slipped his own out of his sleeve and showed it to Dean. “When an angel wishes to make a blade they must take a sliver of grace and pour it into one of their fallen primary feathers. Over a century or so you hone it, shape it, refine it with prayer and practice, until eventually you are left with this. That’s why an angel blade can destroy grace, because it came from grace.”
No, Dean definitely wasn’t alone in getting the warm fuzzies.
“No.” Cas grated, feeling a hot little surge of shame. He had no wish to harm anyone but the fact that he hadn’t managed to defend himself at all was deeply embarrassing.
“You’re not even trying to deal?” Bobby asked suspiciously.
Sam snorted. “Yeah, well.” He shuffled, gathering up a notebook and his laptop from the kitchen counter. “I’m looking into scholarships and I’ve got a pretty good shot, even with… you know.” He scratched at the back of his neck as Dean looked at him sharply. “And Chuck said he’d write me a recommendation if I finish out the year strong. Coach Lincoln, too.”
- but before it could really take hold Raphael went on. “You are going to kiss Mark’s fucking boots, you’re going to lick them like the disgusting little faggot you are and you are going to
Castiel bit his lip. He had daydreamed about conversations like this with Lucifer, Anna, even Michael. But it seemed impossible that he was actually having it. “I’m not coming home to see father. Not now.” He said, squaring his chin decisively. “I- my life here is good. I won’t leave it behind for him. It still hurts too much.” He admitted.
Dean laid his hand over hers, hoping the gentle squeeze he gave her fingers conveyed at least some of his gratitude.
“Looking good, Android.” Raphael laughed, spinning in his seat to face Cas. “Heard you had a rough night.”
He turned slowly, the hairs on the backs of his arms rising as his shoulders bunched beneath his jumpsuit. The world seemed to narrow down to the line between Lucifer, Dean, and Cas, just a ten foot gap that he could easily sail across, fists leading. He kept himself between Cas and the taller man, one hand unconsciously shoved against Cas’s hip to keep him in place, safe behind the wall of Dean’s body.
* * * * *
And beyond that he was freaking the hell out.
“The offer stands.” Lucifer told him and Gabriel would have bet that was actual, legitimate fondness in his voice. “You have my number now. If you want it. Keep it in mind?”
“No.” Sam had scoffed. “No he never said a word about it. But Dean was there. Dad had left me at Bobby’s place. Dean had refused to be left behind. I was so mad at him when he sided with Dad, told me I needed to stay with Bobby. We both thought that would be the end of it, once we found the man who’d killed our mom.”
Castiel nodded his agreement. “So maybe it’s something else. Maybe it’s the same reason you died with them.” Balthazar shrugged. “Maybe we are allowed to choose.”
“What’s up, Kevin?” Sam asked. Dean didn’t miss the speed with which Sam grabbed the first opportunity to change the subject.
“My sister.” She slid onto a stool, completely unphased by Dean’s anger. She took a slurp of smoothie and made a face at it. “She and I have both been looking for you, I just happened to find you first. She can help me explain. You want to let her in?”
“Ok, Cas.” Sam had murmured, patting his shoulder gently. “But let me drive you. I’ll get Jo’s keys, ok? Just wait here.” Too numb to argue, Cas had waited in the cold until Sam reappeared to drive him home. They didn’t speak at all but Cas could see Sam sneaking glances at him from behind his hair. The tiny curl of guilt Castiel felt in worrying Sam was swept away in the swirl of his heartache.
“Did you know our dad, too?” Asked Sam. He sat on the bed, hands clasped and wrists resting on his knees. It had taken Ganem about two seconds to decide that he was mistaken, that Sam couldn’t be Henry Winchester. For one thing Henry would be about ninety years old, and for another Sam had a good foot of height on the guy. At least. But apparently the resemblance was strong enough that he had put two and two together, and held off on trying to kill them again. At least long enough to feed them some cock-and-bull story about a secret society of mystics and hunters who were apparently their ancestors or some shit. Ganem had been waiting for a “legacy”, he said, for decades.
“Hey, Cassie, did you see what I did with the-“ Gabriel stopped when he caught sight of their sister, his face draining as she turned her placid smile on him. “Hey, Anna.” He said, managing to regain a bit of his usual casual composure. “Lucy spilled the beans?”
“Dean Winchester if you say ‘women’s troubles’ so help me god they will never find your testicles.” Jo snapped. The look in her eyes and he almost believed her.
Sam laughed. “Gotcha. Thanks for the heads up. Any other nasty surprises I should expect?”
“If he survived then where did he go?” Dean demanded.
“How could I forget?” Lucifer chuckled, offering his hand for a shake. Dean didn’t like the glint in the guy’s eye but it was Cas’s brother so he held his tongue. “Pleasure to see you again. I hope it will be less… tense between us this time around.”
“Better would be if we could help Alfie grow a backbone of his own, but we’ve tried before.” Jo rolled her eyes to show how well that had worked.
“Your side?” Lisa repeated. “Meaning you have fought angels?”
“GOOD LUCK!” Dean shouted after him. It was nearly noon and the game was set to start at twelve-thirty. They’d made it just in time for warmups. Dean had never liked soccer, preferring the harder hits of football and the practical skills of boxing. Soccer had been Sammy’s thing. He’d watched premier league for years, ready to launch into a glowing testimonial of this or that team’s virtues at the drop of a hat. Dean had mostly ignored him, but watching Ben play he could start to see the appeal. It was about speed and skill, out-maneuvering your opponent rather than barrelling through him. That had always been Sam’s M.O.
. Sam’s voice, Cas’s voice, lying right to his face. Nothing he could do about it.
Dean couldn’t decipher the tinny response but the tone sounded pretty normal. Whatever was going down hadn’t happened
“What happened there?” Dean asked, still trying to pick Raphael out from the crowd as if worried he were about to ambush them.
“I know. It’s unfathomable.” Gabriel deadpanned. When Dean chuckled Gabriel grinned. “Anyway the kid is freaking out, apparently and he asked Cas to meet him somewhere and talk him down.”
“I don’t wear my dead guy robe out in public, you know.” Cas tilted his head as if considering that.
Gabriel’s teeth clicked around each consonant, perfectly crisp. “There won’t be enough scraps left of you for Lucifer to get his teeth on if you say one more word against my brother in my shop.” He said. Mr. Rigby balked and Gabriel twitched, his every muscle priming for violence. Even Finnerman was looking at Mr. Rigby with consternation. Castiel realized that he recognized whatever bizarre plan he’d had to convince Castiel to lie to Chuck on Raphael’s behalf was being shot to hell by Mr. Rigby’s rage.
“We?” Lou asked.
He spent the next twenty minutes taking apart the pinto’s dash and trying desperately to pretend he wasn’t listening as hard as he could for Cas’s voice through the office door.
“No promises.” Dean replied airily and Ash laughed. Cas just caught Sam smiling at them as he was whisked out of the room, his face soft and unworried for the first time in weeks.
Castiel vaguely recalled seeing the old train engine on the tour Gabriel had put together when he’s first moved here. He didn’t remember where that meant they were in relation to the rest of the city but Sam seemed confident.
Lisa cut him off with a gentle squeeze of his hand. “After something you knew couldn’t be real.”
“It’s alright.” Lucifer assured him. He rose and retrieved his coat, gliding his hands through the sleeves. “I’ll see you two tomorrow.”
Cas spluttered but Anna just laughed. “Good.” She said with an air of decisiveness.
Sam didn’t pull away, just glanced down at Castiel’s fingers. Cas wasn’t sure if the crinkle of his cheek was a smile or a grimace. Sam looked around, shaking off the bitter shell he’d been locked away in since they left Brady’s.
Cas sighed. “If you’re referring to the kiss at the lacrosse game on Saturday that was a joke meant to annoy Raphael, who was seated several rows in front of us.”
“I didn’t ask,” Castiel said carefully, “but she still made it clear that if I want to know about what you experienced last year I would have to ask you. Though I admit I had gathered the bit about the drugs myself.”
And Cas was just as bad. Sam had forgotten how closed-off Cas had been when they’d first met, how awkward. He’d forgotten that stare that could cut straight through whoever happened to be standing in front of him like they were just a mildly-interesting bug on display. It was like someone had accidentally reset his programming, sucking out all the fun, funny, scarily intuitive bits of Cas that lit him up from the inside. Without that he was nearly painful to be around.
Dean nodded. He’d already figured that much out, but it still hurt to hear. Not-Sam was turning out to be even worse than no Sam at all. Dean chuckled darkly, patting Cas’s arm. “Careful what you wish for, hu?” he said. “Oh! I almost forgot, Cas-”
Sam frowned, watching the corners of his brothers eyes tense and relax in rapid succession. “A… a classic?” he guessed, hiding a twinge of guilt. Sam had a vision of a torn black door, cut open by an emergency crew, what was left of the window smeared in dried blood.
“You-” Dean took a threatening step towards the little angel but Ben’s voice brought him up short.
in his peripheral.
“Oh, hells yes!” Ash cried, punching a fist into the air. “Chase some tail and raise some hell!”
Luckily Sammy was big enough to fight his own battles now, so Dean didn’t have to worry about Raphael beating him up anymore. That didn’t mean he didn’t have to worry at all, though. If the last year had taught him anything it was that Sammy still needed someone looking out for him. That was still Dean’s job. And he was going to do a better job this year, that was for damn sure.
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked.
Cas tilted his head at her and Dean rolled his eyes. “A girl slipped me her number.” He explained, pulling the paper from his pocket to show Cas.
Lucifer was silent a moment. “I will have that information for you within the hour.” He said, all business.
“Oh.” Dean waited for his heart-rate to drop back down to normal human levels before continuing. Of course Cas didn’t know about that. He wasn’t actually psychic no matter how blue his eyes got. No. The only two people who knew about that were Dean and John Winchester and Dean was pretty sure Cas hadn’t been talking to John. “That sucks, man.”
“If you’ll excuse me, gentlemen, I’m going to go make sure this is dealt with. I’d like you to stay in here until I return. Both of you.” Under other circumstances Castiel might have been impressed with Chuck’s sudden switch from mild affability to this new business-like manner. As it was he was still seething, too distracted by his anger to care.
“Do you believe I am unfit?” Castiel asked Samandriel. The weaker seraph fluttered, unsure, but his voice came soft and liquid.
“Look, the kid’s tough as nails, I promise.” Dean pressed in his most reasonable, “what could go wrong?” tone.
“I am an Angel of the Lord.” Cas supplied helpfully, pacing back into the room with a bottle of dried sage in his hand. He took advantage of Dean’s distraction to casually press his fingers to the hunter’s temple, giving a tiny and unnecessary shove. Dean let out an odd grunt as the cut on his arm healed over and a rush of energy went through him. It had been a while since Cas had whammied him. He’d nearly forgotten how much he hated it. The instant of vertigo, that strange chill through his guts. And there, right on cue, the snap of nausea.
“Ah, young love.” Gabriel tossed his controller onto the other end of the couch and stretched, scratching at his belly where his shirt rode up. “You need a ride?” he asked.
Dean lazily bounced a peanut off Ash’s head. “It’s not my fault girls in this town have
Dean, how he tries to let it roll of his back because every damn day Raphael is there with another shovel-load of shit to drop on him.” Alfie was nearly yelling now. “Do you get it?”
She seemed unfazed by his fury, just smiling serenely. “So this is one of your friends? How sweet of you to bring me business.”
He really should ask Gabriel to download it for him. Perhaps Sam could give it to him. He wondered how long he would have to work at the garage to afford a new laptop. He’d left his along with his phone and the rest of his life back in his father’s house. He’d used Gabriel’s rather fancy desktop - he played video games almost continually when he wasn’t working - to check his email now and then but as he never received anything but spam he’d given that up.
* * * * *
Dean and Cas shared a baffled glance, Cas’s grip tightening around his blade.
Balthazar chewed on his cheek, his grace going quiet and soft inside his vessel. “Malachi’s been to earth a lot. He came when he was sent, and he was sent often. But he’s never stuck around for any other reason. I have.” He bent down to touch the stone at his feet, his fingers sliding across the rock as his grace leaked out in a wide shining pool. It caressed the stone, too, little wisps steaming off into the air in tiny golden shimmers. “Perhaps it’s only because I was stationed here so long, and my orders were sufficiently vague to allow me quite a bit of time to explore. ‘Watch over mankind, guide their efforts’, that’s a pretty general directive. But… for a few centuries now I’ve been thinking.
Sam scoffed. “Dude, I know you don’t have much experience in that department, but trust me. That was flirting.”
Dean shook his head. “No, you
“That was a demon.” Cas said and Dean nodded.
“Why is that funny?” Cas asked. He didn’t sound offended, just curious.
Dean couldn’t quite squash the sick impulse to snap a picture of Lisa’s face.
“My mother died when I was two, leaving my father with five children.” Dean winced. He knew what it was like to lose a mom. It sucked. Hard. Cas pushed on. “He was a very busy man so he hired a housekeeper and a nanny to look after us.”
Raphael had been in control. Raphael had been the one to put the knife in Rigby’s hand and quite literally hold it to Cas’s skin. Rigby was stupid and weak but Castiel had to wonder if he would ever have escalated to that level of violence without Raphael’s guidance.
At least it was over now, he thought, pressing two fingers to his temple and wishing he’d thought to bring a bottle of aspirin. Crowds always gave him a headache.
Warning: This bit contains scenes of a sexual nature from the start.
“Cas!” Sam called, sparing a withering glare for his brother as he followed Cas out into the street.
“Don’t be fooled, Ash.” Benny drawled, tipping the neck of his bottle at the other mechanic. It was his fifth or sixth too and he was wearing a constant beatific smile. He winked at Dean, who grinned back, embarrassed. “That kid’s a firecracker, I guarantee it.”
“Why have you come here?” Castiel asked bluntly, letting go of the door handle and leaning against the filing cabinet.
“Make that two orders.” Jo agreed, looking downright gleeful.
Kevin flushed like a tomato and stuttered, “N-no.”
decisions,
“How’d it go, Casanova?” Dean asked, looking sleepy and sated. Between the two of them he and Jo had eaten nearly two thirds of the pie already. Sam’s fork was still clean.
“Because our father wanted to dictate your life and you were unhappy having choices made for you.” He said, wondering what this could have to do with Dean.
“In my natural state I am a multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent.” Cas supplied helpfully.
“Yes.” Castiel thrust his chin out in a challenge. For a long moment Lucifer just stared at him, his expression identical to that night all those months ago. Blank, naked shock. To anyone else it would have seemed like indifference, boredom. But Lucifer was his brother and he knew what it looked like when his brother was thinking hard.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel sighed, leaning back against the seat. The smell of well-kept leather enveloped him and an easy smile overtook his face. He found the lyrics of Sam’s ringtone come back to him as they sped towards the bakery.
He was surprised to find Sam waiting for him just outside the door, leaning on the locker and glaring daggers at Raphael’s retreating back as he and his flunkies disappeared down the hallway.
Dean chuckled into his mouth and snaked a hand around his hip. His tongue stroked so softly against Cas’s lip and his other hand trailed up his throat to fiddle with his ear. Cas buried his fingers in Dean’s hair and let a little moan slip into their kiss. They had learned many times over the past months that the front seat of the impala was not really a very good place to kiss. It was awkward and too small but Castiel had also learned that most of the time he didn’t care.
“Why was someone trying to kill you?”
big brother: the devil himself.”
“Of course you did, Dean.” Castiel smiled skeptically. Dean grinned.
Shit.
“Which was?” Cas asked, a tinge of curiosity coloring his tone. Dean wondered if taking down Knights of Hell was a little like the Super Bowl for angels. Maybe big-game hunting…
“They could have fucking killed you, Cas!” Dean hollered. “One wrong hit to the head, one lucky shot and you could be fucked up for
“I’m not leaving Bobby to deal with girl-Gabriel and a Sambot.” Dean said grimly. He was going to keep a close eye on his brother’s body, and the sneaky little sociopath inside it. “Sam comes with us.”
“A knight of hell would certainly be fuel for Raphael’s agenda.” Cas murmured.
“I need to ask a favor of you.” Castiel said.
Cas sighed, tapping his forefinger on his mug. “Yes.” He admitted sadly.
“I bet you had brand new lames and pistol grips and everything back in Connecticut, hu?” Alfie asked in a dreamy tone.
“Cas doesn’t linger.” Gabriel dragged his hand through his hair. “He doesn’t fucking wallow. He dusts himself off, takes his twelve bucks, and moves the fuck on.” A fat tear slid down Gabe’s nose, dangling from the tip before plonking into his drink. “He’s the best of us. And he deserved more than that.”
“Jerk.”
Dean closed his eyes, pressed his lips to Cas’s, and let himself breathe.
“Thanks, man.” Dean sighed and unwound the now spotless kitchen towel from his newly-healed arm. “I was trying to break it gently.”
“Who pried the stick out of your ass, Dean?” Bobby asked gruffly. Dean blinked, seeming to notice the old mechanic for the first time.
Castiel sighed, pouring two glasses of wine and settling on the arm of the couch beside Gabriel. He handed one to each of his brothers before drawing his knees up to his chest. The sight of him curling in on himself seemed to bring both of his brothers back to their civility. He watched them both readjust their postures into something less confrontational.
“Who’s this stiff?” Jo asked, pointing to the door where a tall blond man in a black overcoat was peering over the heads of the crowd, his blue eyes searching. They landed on Castiel, widening slightly, and Cas felt his heart constrict in his chest. He went absolutely still, his straw still stuck to the corner of his mouth as the man just stared back at him, something between a smile a frown on his stubbled face.
Very gingerly, they made their way to the door, Castiel leaning heavily on his brother. Now that he’d been lying still for a bit every scrape and bruise felt fresh as he moved. His ribs howled in protest with every breath. The Winchesters followed them to the door, Dean holding out Cas’s ruined shirt.
Dean gave her a small, feeble smile. “There’s a bit more to it. Sammy died…” Maybe if he said it fast it would sting less. “Sammy-died-dragging-Lucifer-down-into-the-deepest-part-of-hell.”
He’d woken up sated and lazy and dreamy as hell only to realize he’d drunkenly jerked off with shocking success to a vision of dark hair, blue eyes, and a deep, raspy voice.
Anna blinked. “Lucifer
Castiel frowned. “I am not a flower.” He said fiercely, surprising even himself. Gabe laughed and Jo grinned. “And don’t call me Cassie.”
Cas’s eyes widened and he gripped his middle. “Oh!” he gasped and Dean and Sam both put their hands out like they were ready to catch him.
“Demons?” Squeaked Lisa, eyes wide.
“M-my name is Bill Higgins.” The stranger wheezed. “I- I came from Sioux City.”
“Don’t forget the feet.” Gabe grinned, holding up a pair of massive rubber feet covered in wiry hair. “They strap on over your shoes.”
“Fine, fine. The excitement’s given me a bit of a headache, but I’m perfectly well.” Ganem smiled.
“I don’t know.” Castiel lied. “I’ve never felt anything like it.” That part, at least, was true. The unrestrained power of Gabriel’s crumbling essence was shocking.
Dean huffed and opened the box for the new brake set up. Benny continued to sip his coffee in silence until Dean couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Dean.” She repeated in the same tone she used when Ben was sick or hurt. “Do you remember saving our lives? Do you remember rolling up like a thunderstorm and killing that… monster?” she had never quite been able to give changelings their real names. “Do you remember giving me my son back?”
“Possibly.” Castiel frowned, looking down at his ribs as if they were annoying him on purpose for their own enjoyment. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Cas looked up at him, anger darkening his eyes for a moment before he relaxed, letting go of the tension that had been knotting his shoulders. He even cracked a smile, or his version of one.
“I died for you, Dickhead!” Gabriel snarled, clutching a hank of Lisa’s hair in her fist. “I think you could show me a little gratitude.”
Dean huffed and shuffled to the shower. He huffed in relief as he peeled off his jeans and toed out of his socks. He really did smell pretty ripe. The joys of minimum wage, he thought as he stepped under the spray. The hot water pounding into his skull was enough to make him wake up at least a little, and by the time he was sliding on a ratty t-shirt and his sleep pants he felt mostly alert.
He slid his finger across it numbly, the now-familiar picture of him and Gabriel in their halloween costumes lighting up behind his text notification.
Well, shit.
“Dean?” Cas whispered, reticent to break the stillness.
Dean would never approve of the car, obviously. For one thing it was painted a bland golden tan. For another it was only a few years old and Dean did not approve of most cars made after 1980. Whatever make and model it was, it looked completely sensible, functional, and safe. It was none of the things Dean valued. In a car or in…
to rule Heaven. He didn’t want to rule anything. That was not the message he was trying to spread, but it seemed to be the only message his siblings could hear.
“I’m so sorry you had to go through that.” Sam said earnestly. “I can’t imagine how miserable that was. But I’m glad you had Gabe. I want you to know I agree with you. Trying hard to be a good person is what’s important. Hell, if it isn’t then I’m definitely screwed.” He laughed roughly. “I know it must have been scary as hell, but I’m glad you’re here now.”
“I prefer the blood of infants to ranch dressing.” Crowley mentioned casually, seeming a bit bewildered by Lisa’s blasé attitude. If he was hoping to rattle her with that comment he would be disappointed.
Cas scowled. His face was in no way gooey. “Not for the reason you think.” He insisted. He wouldn’t go so far as to say he wasn’t attracted to Dean. Anyone with eyes would be. But he didn’t want his brother reading too much into that. “I’ve barely had friends before,” he explained, “and none who didn’t want something from me. Father’s approval, money, a pet to follow them about and agree with their every word.” Gabriel’s dark look said he remembered what it felt like to be one of the Novak clan quite clearly, though Cas doubted anyone had ever gone so far as to try and domesticate his older brother. No one could be that stupid. “I’ve never had friends who like me just for myself. But with Sam and Jo, Alfie and Dean, it’s easier. It just…fits, I suppose.”
“Yeah, uh…” Dean scratched at the back of his neck nervously. “I kinda had this idea. It’s been a bit of a tight month money-wise. And I figured your brothers would blow any gift I bought you out of the water, anyway. So I figured maybe I could teach you to drive.”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Really?”
“Abaddon?” Sam said.
Castiel smiled through the steam of his mug. “He has his good points, too.” He said mildly
Recommended listening: Burn - Deep Purple
“Pegged him as?” Cas inquired mildly.
“Keep it PG-13.” Gabriel warned. “If I have to come looking for you I’d rather not see anything that’ll require therapy.”
Shit.
“What have you brought me here for, Dean?” Cas asked, his voice rumbling into Dean’s skin. “From your prayer I assumed it was more important than a burning curiosity about the affairs of Heaven.”
“And what would you do with that information?” he asked. He held a creepily polite smile as she looked him up and down. Dean wondered if it gave her the heeby-jeebies as bad as him. If it did she didn’t show it.
A sharp inhale had Cas biting his lip. “I think we’re done here.” Finnerman croaked, his tone frosty.
“Bad day?” Sam guessed, hoping a little humor would snap Dean out of whatever was going on.
“Cas?” Cas blinked, flushing guiltily as he realized he was just staring at Dean’s hands. He hadn’t heard a word Dean was saying for far too long.
Cas dropped the loofa, leaned forward and pushed his forehead into the wall. Perhaps he could pin his consciousness between the sharp chill of the tile and the thrumming heat of the water. He breathed steam, floated in white noise.
Cas grinned. “I’ve noticed that, yes.” Dean swatted at him, chuckling when Cas ducked. Cas caught his hand again and returned the kiss. “Dean, take your own advice: if you want your father to be in your life, reach out. If you don’t, don’t feel guilty about protecting yourself from that pain.”
did something?” he snarled. Cas was in the fucking wrong, acting like a cocksure kid in an eighties movie. Like running from the bullies made him chicken instead of smart. He wasn’t goddamn invincible and the sooner he grew up and faced the fact the further from an early grave he’d be. It wasn’t Dean’s fault the kid was an idiot.
“Not entirely.” Cas said as Sam backed up enough to look at him. “But considerably better than two days ago.”
Crowley was the least of his worries though.
Cas nodded. “We believe Raphael plans to offer both Malachi and myself seemingly reasonable compromises in exchange for our allegiance to him. He seems to feel he has addressed our…concerns with regard to the apocalypse.”
“You have a very strong heart, Dean.” Cas murmured into his skin. He splayed one hand over Dean’s chest, watching his fingers as though he could see Dean’s heart beating under them. “Like the sun.” Dean just stared at him.
Amelia reached out one slender hand and jammed the thick book in, slamming the door for him. “Can we talk?”
“Yeah. He’s done it a few times.” Dean explained, gripping his coffee mug a little tighter. “When he couldn’t get in touch with us any other way. Remember when we found Jimmy?”
Bobby sat behind his desk again - the old man’s butt would fuse to that chair someday - growling into the phone marked “Homeland Security”.
Thanks so much for the continued support and feedback, even though I am the worst at keeping updates regular!
Or he’d catch the sweep of dark hair falling across a pale cheek and have to blink a few times to realize it wasn’t her. He missed her. The moments when she’d been soft, when she’d been sweet. The moments when she’d let all the steel and sarcasm crack and show him something more inside. The moments where she’d been gentle with him, collected him in her little hands and let him rest.
Dean snorted. Cas immediately dropped Dean and Lisa’s hands and marched to the door to begin checking Bobby’s sigils. The old hunter himself was standing from behind the massive stacks of books that covered his old desk, looking as shabby and sharp-tongued as ever. He rounded the desk, not bothering with greetings until he’d wrapped Dean in a bear-hug.
“You would rather not go?” Castiel asked, confused. It wasn’t like Sam to shy away from a situation just because it might be slightly unpleasant.
“I admitted to making some mistakes as well.” Castiel said quietly. Gabriel stared at him. “I told him I… I don’t like to feel like a burden to the people who care about me. That sometimes I allow that to cloud my judgement and push those people further away. I can be somewhat cold, I know.”
Hoping she was making some kind of joke he turned back to the case. “I had no idea there were so many kinds. I’m really not sure what kind she wants.”
“Winchester.” Gabriel drawled in a chillingly calm tone. “What. The. Fuck. Did. You. Do. To. My. Brother?”
“Hmm.” Bobby grunted. “You figure your crap out then?”
All these lines on my face getting clearer”
“Yes.” Cas jerked a nod. “You forget that I’m entirely capable of taking care of myself!”
“He told you all this?” Cas had been shocked that John Winchester would share such a horrible story with his sons.
The industrial aircon of the Target slapped them in the face as they headed in, Dean snagging one of the carts from the rail on the way past. He had a list of odds and ends Costco didn’t stock to get through so he headed straight for the grocery section. Cas wandered behind him, taking in the shelves with a neutral expression. Now and then he would pick something up and stare at it, then carefully put it back.
halloween was our big holiday.” He grinned, flexing his shoulders to stretch the costume. Cas heard a seam start to pop. “Dean always made sure we got the cheap post-halloween candy. He used to stuff himself with it and then lay on the couch moaning about his stomach ache all night. Every year.”
At least Lawrence high had been a large enough school that he was spared the awkward task of introducing himself in front of the whole class. What sadist had started that ridiculous tradition? Still, right from the moment Gabe had peeled away from the curb in a streak of hideous Hawaiian shirt Castiel had known today would be no different.
“Good.”
Ellen fixed him with a look. “Dean. Sam is going to hang out with whomever he wants, whether you approve or not. Didn’t you learn that lesson the hard way?”
Bela laughed. “And when has either of those parameters given you two any pause?”
, thought Dean,
“It’s very handsome.” Ellen smiled. Jo’s eyebrows were about to pop off the top of her head and Alfie’s eyes were wistful.
“I may have a brother who is a prominent lawyer.” Gabriel replied airily.
“What?” Jo laughed.
“Back to the clubhouse to figure out where our grandfather disappeared to?”
He left the bar to hoots of “Cradle robbing again, Lettie?” and her raucous reply, pulling his phone out and dialling Sam’s number.
He hadn’t expected to get so angry at the offer of assistance, but then he hadn’t expected to enjoy the company of anyone his own age either. He couldn’t remember the last time someone his own age had spoken to him and actually expressed interest in Castiel’s answers. Sam had been so easy to speak with, intelligent and kind without that insufferable solicitousness that came with pity. Jamming his fist into his eye he stumbled into the little doorway that led to the apartment above the bakery, taking two tries to get the key in the lock.
“My brothers have made it clear I had better keep a tight reign on my tongue during this celebration.” Lucifer supplied, chuckling. “And I didn’t mean it as an insult.”
Dean kissed him hard.
“Ash picked us up.” Dean said, standing and throwing his hands over his head to stretch. His shirt rode up, exposing a flash of golden skin and Cas’s mouth went dry for an instant. “He plows driveways with that monster of a truck in weather like this and our heating decided last night would be the time to crap out.”
“Nope. Apparently Lucy wanted to spread the Christmas cheer like buckshot. Everyone’s got something. Even you, Alfie.” Gabriel wiggled a small flat box at him.
Chuck.” Dean growled, not missing the way Nikki’s eyes skated down his torso. Clearly she remembered the full-frontal part.
“Get a room.” Sam chided through a yawn of his own.
“Oh.” Dean cleared his throat, wondering why he was suddenly all fidgety. It had just been a throwaway phrase to make the poor cashier feel less embarrassed. The fact that it was pretty damn accurate too was just a coincidence. “Well, it’s a sports thing originally. Out of your league means you’re playing against someone way better than you, up on another level of competition, you know?”
“I’m just glad to see you got some pep back in your step, Winchester.” Ash called, crawling into his massive pickup. It was parked the usual three spots from Dean’s car, since Dean had threatened to de-ball Ash with a spork if that rolling scrap-heap ever even
“Wh-what…” she stuttered in a very non-British accent. “WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?”
“The game designers must have done quite a bit of research.” Castiel commented, pointing to the screen. “The architecture is extremely accurate. I’ve never seen chevets in a game.”
Castiel tried to suppress a yawn and failed miserably.
“What is a Cosmo?” he asked, sipping his tea. There was a large wedge of lemon bumping his lip and he was glad to see no sugar bowl on the table.
“‘We?’” Dean repeated, a wild hope surging through him.
“I think she was just pissed off about something else, so she kinda took it out on us.” Dean explained gently.
“Are you alright?” Dean looked up to find Castiel leaning forward, concern shining in his blue, blue eyes.
“I’ll have you know,” Gabriel said, appearing over Castiel’s shoulder, “that Novak blood is bluer than the Hope Diamond.”
“You’re right.” Cas agreed finally. “Raphael has sewn nothing but violence and destruction and now he must reap the consequences. Whatever comes of this is up to him now.”
“Ex-girlfriend.” Gabe corrected him gleefully. “And what the hell are you talking about, flaunted? He told her he was gay. He said those words. That’s it. You got a problem with that?”
“I have been suspended.” Cas growled, his voice still about an octave lower than usual.
“Here,” he said, catching them before they could leave. “Take these.” He dug a few lemon bars from the dregs left in the display case, wrapping them in wax paper and passing them over. The students grunted gratefully and made their way out while Cas typed in the code to open the register and find the keys.
“I’ll bet.” Gabe said with a sarcastic smile. “Did he give you the pokerface the whole time?”
“Please don’t touch me like that again, Dean.” He said, his voice all quiet and firm. Dean nodded frantically, his tongue too heavy to make out another apology.
Kevin stared. “Is he… did he…?” he left it unfinished, looking like he might puke if he tried.
Dean looked at him. “Well,” he paused, wondering if that was what he’d meant. When exactly had he accepted Cas’s possession as fine, totally acceptable? A long time ago, apparently. “Uhm, yeah. I know you need to have a certain kind of person, or bloodline or whatever, but… I mean at first it seemed pretty messed up. Just taking a guy over like that, but you’re one of the good guys, Cas. Have been. For a long time now. You took care of Jimmy, didn’t you? You took care of us.”
“Holy shit.”
The office manager had finished her call apparently, and she stood to help Rigby into the chair Cas had just vacated.
As he got near the porch he found Lisa pacing, her phone pressed to her ear.
Gabriel shook his head as Curtis disappeared again. “He was literally just in charge for nearly an hour. And still,” he waved his hands frantically, “panic!”
If he’d had the time or brainpower to think about it Dean might have expected something to happen, something close to the feeling of being whammied or zapped, but there was nothing. He passed into the dark and felt nothing, just found himself standing on a smooth stone floor. It was a little balcony, a wrought iron railing trailing to a narrow staircase on the right. Below was a small, circular room illuminated by four steel lamps hanging from the domed ceiling. It was just wide enough for two steel bunkbeds to fit on one side and a massive old wooden desk on the other. Behind the bunks the wall was covered with steel cabinets, their doors emblazoned with a bronze devil’s trap at each corner. The rest of the walls were lined with bookshelves stuffed with papers and old, cloth-bound books. The same weird star symbol from the lintel was set into the slate floor in a white stone that might have been marble.
Wriggling between the big, ugly feelings twisting in his gut came one calming, lovely truth. One speck of clarity in an muddy mess of wrath and remorse:
By the time the final bell rang Castiel was exhausted and more than ready to collapse on his bed and sleep all afternoon. Or better yet, he could curl up on Dean’s futon and press into his warm shoulder. Or perhaps Dean would want to watch a movie. Castiel would happily drift as Dean talked about characters Cas wouldn’t remember, his head pillowed on Dean’s thigh. They would talk about nothing and perhaps Dean would make him tea. And then maybe they could kiss for a while or simply fall asleep.
“Cas.” Dean panted, trying to warn him as he neared the edge. “I’m gonna-”
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Ben staring at him, eyes wide and frightened. Shit. He didn’t do the drinking thing in front of Ben, no more than a glass of whiskey at dinner or a beer here and there. Barbecues, football nights… like any other normal suburban house husband. Cause that’s what he was supposed to be now. That’s who he was for Sam, wherever the real Sam was. And Ben and Lisa. Goddamn had he dragged them from their safe, comfortable home for this shit?
Dean nearly swallowed his tongue in rage. “So that’s it? You’re back to jumping when she snaps her fingers? Goddamnit Sammy how the fuck can you-”
Cas cocked his head in that strange way he always had and Dean resisted the urge to smile. “And you are certain you weren’t mistaken?”
The blood drained from Gabriel’s face. “Are you… do you want to move out? Is that what this is?”
Cas stepped forward but Dean cut him off, not about to let him spill out the whole story and get them kicked out or committed. If it was left to him the angel would probably have just stormed the place, dropping in on Ganem directly. Dean didn’t like to think of the ruckus that could cause at an old folks home. Cas glanced at him and Dean just shook his head, pushing him gently aside. Dean plastered on his widest smile, hoping it looked sincere, and leaned his elbows on the desk. “Hi, miss.” He drawled, watching the color climb up her cheeks as he poured on the charm. He glanced at the pink name plate beside her keyboard. “Grace. I’m Dean, this is Sam and that’s Cas. We’re looking for someone.”
“Good to see you, Chuck.” Dean, backed away, waving a half-hearted salute and Chuck returned it.
Castiel could admit he was confused. The whole thing had been one giant ball of intensity and if there was one thing Raphael had ever gotten right it was that Castiel wasn’t the most adept at dealing with emotions. Dean had talked him through some of it, Sam and Gabriel a little more, but he didn’t like burdening them with the fear and shame and weakness of that whole afternoon, not when he knew they’d all suffered for it, too. Sam had told him how impudent he’d felt sitting in Reynard’s just waiting for news. Gabriel and Dean hadn’t said but Cas could see how frightened and angry they’d been. And still were.
Castiel smiled, wondering how many times Dean had picked up his phone and put it back down before deciding to actually text him.
“Cas, you ok with him being here?” he tried not to let it sound like an accusation and Cas stroked the back of his fist with one finger. A light stripe of red was painted across each of his cheekbones and that quiet, back part of Dean’s brain noticed that it made his eyes even bluer.
Dean nodded and shoved the last of the crust in his mouth. He picked up the beer he'd put aside before and took a swig. Sam drifted towards his room, looking back from the doorway.
Gabriel’s burst of laughter had not been what Castiel was expecting.
“Don’t really need one,” the mechanic had grumbled, scratching at his beard, “but whatever floats your boat, kid.”
“Don’t be so smug about it.” Cas warned, crowding forward to press a kiss to Dean’s jaw. One of those distracting hands immediately moved to cup the back of Castiel’s head and Dean’s laugh morphed into a pleased hum. He gripped Cas’s waist and kissed him back, leaning back as Cas curled forward over him. It was still thrilling to do this, that Cas was allowed to do this. To touch Dean when he wanted, to kiss him and breathe him in. Every single time it set a tingle in his blood and an itch in his fingers.
“Oh. You moved before school was out?” Jo asked, surprise evident in her voice.
Cas blinked. “Teach me to drive?”
Cas shrugged. “Humans do not have a corner on dirty politics. In fact, I think you could argue that angels invented it.”
“But don’t you play with me
“Baked goods. Yours, specifically.” Castiel explained with a small smile.
Cas bit his lip, trying to remember if he had ever seen his older brother drunk.
“Oh, uh yeah. I loaned Brady some during lacrosse season. Figure I’ll just get them back from him.” He moved for the door, coat still undone as he fished in his pocket for keys.
Castiel relaxed instantly. Pity was unacceptable, but a trade was perfectly fine. “It does.” He agreed and Jo grinned triumphantly.
“That’s not Sam.” Croaked Dean. “Sam would never have been that fucking callous.” Ben jumped at the swear and Dean flinched.
Dean shook his head, his breath coming in unsteady pants. “And when I walked in and saw that goddamn Chavelle…”
“I’m trying.” He grumbled.
“Your sister’s a cop?” he squeaked and Nikki laughed.
“Castiel, my office manager received your vaccination records this morning so we’re one step closer to full enrolment. When we spoke before classes began you told me you were waiting on your social security card to complete all the paperwork. Have you gotten that yet?”
“Dean, even for you that is pretty fucked up.” Sam sighed, rubbing at his nose tiredly.
“Yeah, dude had a house fire a few weeks ago.” He lied easily, drawing a look from Cas. “Lost all his stuff.”
“I don’t understand.” He admitted. Why would Gabriel be showing him this? He knew his brother was doing very well for himself. The shop was so popular and despite Gabriel’s seeming frivolity he was a very shrewd businessman. Was Gabriel trying to prove to Cas he really didn’t need to worry about money?
“I know,” Alfie said from beside him, a rueful blush framing his sheepish smile. “It’s just a bunch of old junk, isn’t it?”
“Both.” Sam snorted. Castiel noticed a tiny flash of something dark in Sam’s eyes, regret? Embarassement? But it was gone in a flick of his bangs. “Point is he won’t mess with me. So you let me know if you want a hand with him, alright, Castiel?”
Castiel nodded. “But that’s not a bad thing.”
Oh. Dean remembered Raphael. “The dick with the lightning wings? Chuck’s personal bouncer?”
Cas licked his lips, his voice a dry croak of disbelief. “Lucifer.”
“The cage has been breached.” Cas finished for her. “And if that’s true the world is once again in the midst of the Apocalypse.”
“Friends.” He agreed easily. She left, her lovely hair swinging alluringly behind her. With a relieved sigh Cas turned back to the Bakery.
Gabriel huffed, peering out at Sam from behind his frighteningly realistic mask. “No costume, no entry. I know Big-Daddy Winchester was low on holiday spirit but he’s not here and I am. You’re wearing the costume.”
“You’re right. This is much more comfortable.” He murmured, peering at Dean out of the one eye he could drag open. “Thank you.”
Blond chick - he really should ask her name again, was it Liz? - was kinda boring but hot as hell in a tight black catsuit. She didn’t seem phased by the many, many shots they’d shared and Dean had to admit he found that kinda sexy.
“Apparently the girl heard Leon was married, wasn’t aware of it or happy about it once she was. She called Mary-Anne and told her everything.”
the world.”
It was miraculous to him that this hideous, marvellously comfortable chair had become unofficially his, a reserved space at the Harvelle house just for him. He could no longer remember how many times he’d fallen asleep curled up here watching a movie, or watched the others from this comfortable vantage point as they laughed and talked. His watching never seemed to bother them, never disrupted the flow of conversation or made anyone feel out of place. It was unbelievable that pizza and diet soda could taste better than baked swordfish because of the company he shared it with. It was astounding that these people, no more than strangers only a few months ago, were now closer to him than most of his family ever had been.
Metatron.
“Kinda.” Gabriel allowed. She turned to watch Lisa as she stirred milk into her coffee. Gabriel’s eyes softened, going a bit dreamy again as she watched Lisa’s hair spill over her shoulder. Dean chose to ignore how freaking creepy that look was and downed his toast in three gigantic bites.
He pointed to the web of roads leading from Winnipeg off in all directions. “And we’re all going to pray to Cas, ask him to tell us where he is. If he can only work with what we’ve got then we’ve got to give him something specific.”
He froze, the chill of the night air hitting his skin like a slap as he stared at the empty street.
Before Dean could tell Gabriel to shut her fat mouth Castiel stepped forward and snatched the sugar bag from her hand.
Why? They didn’t have to stop anymore. They could have this. He could have Dean. Cas’s hips jerked at the thought, one leg leaping up to snare Dean’s waist. The denim of his jeans pressed painfully against his crotch and it was too much and not enough and he couldn’t
“Like I said, I think it’s important. I’ve already programmed my number in.” Lucifer’s smile turned slightly shy and Castiel thought that it may be genuine. “If you wish to call me, you’re welcome to.”
“Are you alright?” murmured Cas, watching a damp leaf slither across the tarmac as the wind picked up.
Dean cast him a sideways glance, seeing fear in his face. “Guess he hasn’t told you about that mess yet. Well, towards the end, when things were really bad, he was in a car accident. We had a fight, a big blow out about Ruby and… and all that shit. I gave him an ultimatum. A choice. I tried to force him to make the right decision when he wasn’t ready to, to bully him into it. He was pissed. And he took off in the impala. He was high so he let that demon-bitch drive. Didn’t know she was even higher than he was.” He didn’t bother trying to disguise the hatred in his voice as he pictured the brunette shrew, her sneering smile as she hung off Sam’s arm. “She wrapped my baby around a tree and nearly killed the both of them.” He snorted mirthlessly. “The trooper couldn’t believe Sam was conscious. The guy who came to tow her to Bobby’s asked where the bodies were.” Dean dragged in a ragged breath, fighting the bright flash of anger that raced along every nerve. If he ever saw that bitch again…
“I’ve never lacked ambition.” Lucifer agreed easily. “But I think you always had me beat on imagination. How else do you explain that monstrosity?” he pointed to a large cake in the display case on which Gabriel was leaning. It was dome-shaped with a marzipan cartoon turkey’s head, enormous red wattle, and huge colorful feathers sticking out the back. It looked both demented and delicious.
“Bitch.”
Cas came with a jerk and a cry, mouth smearing a hot trail across Dean’s cheek as his come splattered Dean’s stomach.
“Well,” Sam said, leaning back and stretching until his shoulders popped. “With this much crap going on it should be pretty simple to just dig out an EMF reader and follow the pings, right?”
Cas peered down at her, surprised. “Balthazar.” He said. “I trust him.”
“Hey, Cas!” Kevin smiled, stealing a quick hug from the angel. Cas blinked at him, a smoothie moustache dripping from his top lip. “You okay?”
“You got something to say?” he growled, not meeting the big man’s eyes.
Dean glared, eyeing the bottle. For a second Sam thought he would say damn his dignity and climb up on the counter to retrieve it but Dean seemed to think the better of it.
“Fine.” Mumbled Cas, sounding anything but. His fingers clamped onto the coat like a lifeline as Dean straightened up. Mrs. J - the elderly office manager - was on the phone with someone but rolled her eyes as Dean shot her a questioning glance.
“I mean,” he growled, “I know no one seems to be all that surprised that I’m into dudes too. But… I’m your big brother. I thought maybe… it would be… weird for you.”
Goddamnit he was proud. Of course Cassie was gay. Gabe had known, obviously. How their father had missed that all these years was a frigging wonder.
“This is Hermes!” he said darkly, shooting Bobby a filthy look as he smoothed his smoking suit jacket. “Oh.” He blinked as he noticed Ben peering around Dean’s ribcage. “Now, Dean, you never said you had a bastard of your own. Following in daddy’s footsteps again, are we? Hey kid, want a sucker?” in a flash he was clear of blood and
“I never would have pegged him.” Brady laughed.
, Cas.” Dean smiled, staring him in the face so he knew it was true. “And I’m honestly impressed one of us hasn’t done that before now.” Cas shook his head and tried to curl in on himself again but Dean pushed his fingers through the hair over Cas’s ear, drawing his eyes back up. “We’ve been pushing each other for
“John Winchester was never offered the deal.” Cas said firmly. He was getting worked up, his lips pinching tight the way they did when he was pissed. “He would not have been able to break the seal. He was a selfish, wounded man.”
Gabriel burst out laughing.
“Check on you.” Lucifer said his pinkie twitching madly. “As your friend pointed out,” he motioned to the office door and Dean’s smudged silhouette through the glass, “you weren’t in the best of positions when you stormed out of our father’s house that night. I wanted to make sure you’d landed on your feet, so to speak.”
“Afternoon, Castiel.” Bobby’s growl broke them apart before Dean could push up into Cas’s arms any further.
Cas snorted. “When I texted to inform him where I was he said-“ he raised his phone to read directly from the screen, “‘If you’re sober enough to type you’re not doing parties right.’ Then there is a picture of a frowning yellow man blowing steam out his mouth.”
Castiel could still feel the horror rocketing through him he’d felt as he stared up at the diminutive vessel of The Word of God. He hadn’t even bothered strapping Castiel’s hands into Naomi’s chair, just held him down with the force of his will. Castiel could see it now. The soft sweaters and contralto voice had been carefully chosen to present as unthreatening a picture as possible. His grace had been locked down, pushed away into a corner to appear meek and safe. He’d unleashed it there as he stood over Castiel, a terrible wave of force. Metatron’s explanation, his gloating smile and soft voice, had sparked outrage and despair. Castiel had been deceived. Again. He’d been manipulated by another corrupt “servant” of Heaven serving nothing but his own twisted will.
“And I…” Cas swallowed. The words were getting caught at the back of his tongue for some reason. “I’m not sure I’m ready for it to be over yet.”
He lurched toward the door of the church, smelling sulphur and blood.
Dean sighed. “I dunno. Maybe changed isn’t the right word. He’s the same guy he ever was, at least since I can remember. I just see it clearer now, you know?” Cas just stared at him and Dean sighed again. “Look. Last year… Sam was messed up. Really messed up. I couldn’t handle it. I thought I could. I practically raised the kid, you know? Dad was almost never around and half the time he was he was so lit he barely knew who we were. Bobby and Ellen took care of us when we were little but since I was old enough to hold a gun I was in charge of looking after Sammy.
Cas’s bunny ears are a nod to NorthernSparrow, whose work I thoroughly enjoy and was reading when I started this fic. Forgotten and Flight are two of my absolute favorite SPN fanfics with exceptional plot lines and wonderful character development (for Sam especially, who some of you have noted is usually shunted off to one side in Destiel fics). As soon as I read Forgotten I immediately downloaded and devoured everything she had on this site. The ears themselves are a wink to her smut-tastic A Room of One’s Own, which while filthy is also hilarious and full of feels.
“I am very take-advantage-of-able.” Dean agreed with a broad wink. “I think maybe I’d better go find her so we can discuss that option a bit.” He turned and ambled unsteadily back towards the bar.
Ganem nodded. “Abaddon had burned some away, sliced off others. I was a talented spell-worker, but Henry had the instincts required to become a real leader. He would have been an excellent field agent.” Ganem sighed. “He saw right away what she was, and enacted the plan our team had outlined.”
“So how do you know this?” Sam asked curiously. “If he didn’t tell you when he agreed…”
“It was a few days until he was out of the woods and I was scraping together all the money I could for a lawyer. Bobby loaned me a bunch of it, wanted to straight up give it to us. I told him Sam and I had fucked this up, we would… un-fuck it up.” He shrugged. “Once Sam was ok enough that I wasn’t worried he would die if I blinked for too long, I went to see the car.”
Hi all! So my attempt at a writing challenge unfortunately was dashed by a massive dose of Real Life. I might make another run at it sometime in the new year but for the next few months I'm just going to try to stick to getting new chapters out as often as I can. Thanks for hanging in there with me. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
Sam hopped out of the car and trotted towards the bar, calling back over his shoulder, “Don’t make out so long you miss the party!”
Cas ignored him, watching as Dean scrubbed his palms over his face briskly. “Look, Kenny, I gotta talk to Cas for a while. Important Angel business and all that crap, alright? I’ll see what I can do about this,” he waved his hand at the engine, “but for now I think you ought to take that loaner Bobby mentioned and head out.”
Castiel sighed. “You’ve said.”
“You need to stop thinking I’m suddenly not going to want you.” Cas grouched. He trailed his fingers down the back of Dean’s neck, flirting with the skin under his collar.
“I was on my way to rescue you but it looks like Chuck had it handled.”
“That’s the one. His place isn’t exactly kid friendly,” Dean pulled an apologetic grimace, “and it’s not the Ritz, but it’s tight as a tick. You’ll be safe there until we figure out what the hell is going on.”
Gabriel stopped dead, his eyes sparking gleefully. “You wouldn’t.” He hissed, seeming almost proud that his baby brother was blackmailing him. Cas just shrugged.
“Fine, fine. I’ll be the Samsquatch.” Sam sighed, shaking out the costume with a grimace. “What are you supposed to be, anyway, some sort of fox prince thing?”
“Woah, Cas,” Dean waved his napkin at him, “TMI man, we’re eating.”
“Don’t matter?”
He felt Dean’s smile curl against his skin. “You’re welcome, Cas. Good date?”
Cas huffed and twisted his arm free. “I’m glad to hear it.” He knew Dean was only teasing him, but he couldn’t seem to stop the petulant tone from creeping into his voice.
“A goddess.” He upgraded and drained that cup, too. Jet fuel wasn’t an unfair comparison and he felt his stomach threaten to revolt. He shuddered. “I’ll give you a thousand dollar a day raise to chop my head off right now.”
“I suppose I should get back to the hotel. Are we on for brunch tomorrow?” she asked as she stood and swung her purse over her shoulder.
“Hey, you brought that one up.” Dean reminded him, chucking his dirty napkin at Sam’s head.
He made it smoothly through his first few classes, catching a few of the other students staring at him when they thought he wasn’t looking. He supposed the news of his exploits in Chuck’s office had piqued their interest. Well, hopefully if his little display had accomplished anything it was that anyone looking to follow Raphael’s example would think twice before coming after him. By lunch time he was more exhausted than after a shift at the garage, though he’d expended less physical energy.
Sam smiled. “Apparently I’m a hell of a lot smarter without a soul.”
Finally free, he paused for a deep breath. He could do this. Maybe. Probably not. But he could try, damnit.
“Yeah, Cas?”
“Jimmy’s probably pretty happy to be having meat again, hu Cas?” Dean joked, trying unsuccessfully to diffuse the tension. Bobby snorted and Lisa smiled quizzically, pushing a slice of veggie onto Ben’s plate.
Ganem didn’t answer, just stared at Castiel like he was afraid to blink. Probably was. It wasn’t every day you got your sight restored, Dean guessed. Sam moved over to the window and peered out at the cheerful garden, the twirled the blinds shut. A yellowy gloom swallowed the room and Ganem finally managed to glance away from Cas.
He beat that urge down with the old Winchester self-denial and kept his eyes firmly on the road all the way to Manhattan.
“Well then who wouldn’t want a piece of that?” Sam asked. He had a point. If Cas was leaking heavenly power every witch, demon, and two-bit spirit in a thousand miles would be in line to rob that lemonade stand.
“What?” Dean looked to Cas, hoping for an explanation. Was Hell still too thick on Sam to see through? Dean could remember when he’d crawled out into that clearing, fresh from Hell and still raw with it. He had felt a sort of scum on his soul, a film of blood and terror that had never quite rubbed off all the way. If Sam was in the cage the residue was probably a hundred times as thick. That had to be what he was talking about.
“Yeah. I remember her.” Dean murmured finally. “I remember what she smelled like, the sound of her voice. I remember the exact color of her eyes. Ellen had this ring, she used to wear it when I was little. I hated it. It was silver with a great big stone on it. Turquoise. Same exact color as mom’s eyes. I stole it from her when I was eight, kept it under my pillow until she found it. She just about slapped the skin off of me until I told her why. She never wore it again.”
“BOBBY!!” Hollered Ben, scooting back and disappearing through the door. As it slammed behind him Dean tried to get his breathing under control, to calm the boiling rage beneath his skin.
In short, clipped sentences Castiel explained, ignoring the winces from Sam and Gabriel’s darkening gaze.
Kennedy’s glare returned with renewed heat. “Why?” he demanded.
Ash leaned back, looking Dean up and down. Dean could feel Ash registering the tightness in his shoulders, the set of his jaw. He could feel it when Ash stepped back and took in the car. The mechanic’s eyes popped wide and he audibly gulped.
“Jesus. That’s your little brother!” Dean squawked.
Cas reached out, placing his hand on Ganem’s head. The old man jerked upright, his chair rattling as his chant cut off. Dean watched the film drain off his eyes, leaving them bright and brown and sighted. The old man gasped, blinking furiously at the new light.
“And what did you say?”
* * * * *
I will be getting to the sequel as soon as I can but until then I've posted a new work that's not an AU! Take a look at "Along the Bending Path, Away" if you're interested in seeing how I work with more canon-compliant material.
Castiel blushed at the memory alone.
“You think this might be some sort of coup?” Bobby asked, glancing at Dean. They’d been so focused on angels that it was an angle they hadn’t thought of; some of Lucifer’s surviving henchmen in a desperate attempt to rescue their king. They’d need a vessel if they managed it, and who better than a prepped and damned Winchester? Maybe this was phase one?
Dean frowned but it wasn’t like there was much he could say to that. He’d probably had one or two decent relationships in the years he’d know Gabe, but nothing long or lasting. And lately, well. Gabe was right. His track record sucked.
Dean nodded. “Sounds perfect, man.” He said softly, hoping Gabe was too drunk to catch the tears welling in his eyes.
Cas snorted softly and felt his face burn. “Alfie is exaggerating.” He told Sam firmly.
He wouldn’t regret.
of experience to believe your stories.”
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas chuckled. “I’m not sure what that was.”
He stood on the corner near a small side gate with his sleeves rolled up around the elbows, waiting for Gabriel to arrive. It was hot in Lawrence at this time of year and he felt a stray bead of sweat trickle down his back. Gabriel had insisted on picking him up rather than letting him walk the ten or so blocks to the bakery.
be safe there? What about you?”
Cas flushed, pulling a pan down from the fancy hanging rack thing Gabe had over the sink and setting on a burner. The song had ended and Dexy’s Midnight Runners started thumping their bass.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice held a warning. He was really worried about this, about disappointing Dean. Dean didn’t know why that triggered a clutching pain in his gut, but he was pretty sure it was good.
“Assault?” Gabriel cried, flinging his hands up in exasperation. “One scrawny kid assaulted a half dozen kids and walked away with a black eye? Sure. That’s believable.”
“Look,” she backtracked, “I just meant…”
“And a cinnamon bun, if they have them.” Cas added and Dean set off to find the refreshment booth, chuckling to himself. For all Cas complained about Gabriel’s epic sweet-tooth Dean was pretty sure it was a family trait. Certain things didn’t catch Cas’s eye, like cakes and muffins, but put a cinnamon bun anywhere within a three-block radius of him and it was toast.
And I am what is left.
She was tiny, perhaps four-foot eight at the outside, with long brown hair pulled into a tangled braid. Her little body was swathed in a pair of ragged jeans and a dusty t-shirt that was at least two sizes too big for her. She was barefoot and scruffy looking, smudges of dirt on her hands and face. If Dean had to guess he’d have said she was maybe eleven or twelve, but her movement gave her away instantly. Just three steps out the door and she had every hair on Dean’s body standing on end, alert to her lithe control. Whatever it was standing under that stone lintel it was a hell of a lot older than twelve and definitely not human.
“Good.” Castiel hung up without saying goodbye.
“Hmm. Definitely seen it before.” Bobby said. “In fact I’m pretty sure I used it to prep that old barn before we knew what the hell a ‘Castiel’ was.”
Alfie mentions Brock Kelly throwing a party when he gets to the Roadhouse. Brock Kelly was the actor who played young Dean in “After School Special” and did such a good job bringing out the “oh, god, poor wonderful Dean” feels. And beyond that, Brock Kelly is just the kind of name you hear and immediately think “that guy throws a raging party”.
Dean slipped his hand over Cas’s where it rested on the seat and gave it a little squeeze. “Ok.” He said. “Yeah, ok.”
“It’s a lot to deal with, I know.” He’d said, hiding behind his hair like he thought Cas might be angry with him for the suggestion. “And Tessa, she helped me a lot. Trauma’s not… it doesn’t make you weak to ask for help with stuff like this. It’s okay to not be okay for a while.”
Cas chuckled and quite firmly pushed Dean away. “I think the mortification of the actual event would outweigh the undoubtedly wonderful run-up.”
It wasn’t like when Cas healed them. It wasn’t just a blink and he was all shiny and new, mint condition Cas. It was slow and creeping. It looked like someone had put Cas’s skin on a time lapse. The edges of every slash and wound crawled together in a slithering slide, swelling and crusting and receding until they all looked weeks old. His swollen eye went down and the blackened bruises slowly turned green, then yellow. When the first marks started to turn to silvery scars Nikki dropped her hands.
Sam gasped.
“They sent me to a different shrink first, actually. Some dick in a tie. He said I pushed Dean away because I resented him for controlling me.”
“They know about Sam?” Dean snapped, a shiver of panic racing along his nerves.
“That sounds like a wonderful idea.” She agreed.
“Cas?” Dean asked, worried.
“Someone’s in a good mood this morning.” Jo observed as she peeled away from the curb. Castiel caught Sam’s smile in the mirror and couldn’t contain a matching grin.
Gabe glanced at Dean, mirth in his eyes for a moment before Lucifer wiped his lips delicately. “How admirable. It’s quite a responsibility, looking after a teenage boy, isn’t it? They always seem to find the quickest route to trouble. Gabriel was an absolute terror, if you can imagine.”
“I didn’t!” Gabriel hiccoughed, slanting her head to glare at him out of one eye.
“Shake a leg, little brother!” Gabriel hollered from behind the counter.
“Brainless.” Grunted Ganem, chuckling to himself. “Now how to kill you?”
“Really?” Cas asked in a flat, unimpressed tone. Dean didn’t seem to mind Cas’s jealousy whenever his old flings were brought up. In fact, he seemed to enjoy watching Cas get worked up about the idea of other people touching him. Cas assumed that was why Dean kept talking.
“Well I’m new to the block. New to the whole neighborhood.” Cas sighed.
“No shit.” Gabe barked a hollow laugh. “Do you know what I would have said to him? I had it all planned out. From when he was four fucking years old, I knew what I would say when the day came.”
It took almost five minutes for the collective hilarity to die down enough for Gabriel to say that he’d already gotten his revenge. “Sent a stripper to his office.” He explained. “A specialty stripper. He’s called Beelzebub. He’s the Lord of the Flies.”
Dean felt his chest ease and he flicked a crooked smile. “All or nothing, hey Champ?”
“Damn, Sammy!” Dean smiled, “I needed this. The old one really hasn’t worked right since… you know. Since then.”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas stepped up closer to him, not touching him with his dirty hands but leaning up for a kiss. Dean chuckled into it and pressed his chest against Cas’s.
“What do you mean, empty?” Dean asked, slumping down onto the couch. He was exhausted.
“Fucking asshole.” Gabriel muttered to himself and Castiel heard him begin to pick up whatever he’d thrown.
“Tessa is cool.” Sam said finally, sinking back onto the picnic table.
“I was not… lucid.” He cringed. Dean put a steadying hand on his shoulder and Cas covered it with his own. “The last few days have been a blur.” He admitted.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Of course not.” He said, and leaned in to accept a soft kiss.
Cas shrugged, watching as Gabriel strode over and pushed the door open without knocking.
He was in the guest room, the little double bed drenched in sweat and the pillow scrunched under his head like a rock. He drew in a shaky breath and ran his fingers over his face. He was no longer surprised to find it wet with tears. His sheets clung to his sweat-slicked skin and his whole body was wracked with shivers. His stomach twisted painfully as he sat up, clenching his teeth against urge to vomit. He stilled, breathing deeply through his nose until the urge calmed, leaving him weak and pained.
Sam stopped halfway off the curb, his foot actually hanging in midair as his jaw flapped open. “Dean. Did you just quote
He wasn’t doing a very good job of convincing himself of any of it when he heard a familiar rumbling purr. He leapt to his feet - apparently that scrap of grace had undone the damage from the river almost completely - and found they were only a few hundred feet from a road. And pulling up on the shoulder of that road was the impala, its sleek black fender more welcome a sight than anything Dean could remember. The blond girl from the bridge jumped out of the passenger’s seat, pointing toward the riverbank and looking back over her shoulder. Sam appeared over the roof of the impala, saying something Dean couldn’t quite hear and looking pissed. Dean swayed under the rush of hope that washed over him.
Kenny made a sound somewhere between a stutter and a hiccup.
“I’m at Burcham Park meeting Alfie. He’s very upset about his fight with-“
“Afraid I don’t have any fist fights for you to break up today.” Gabriel said, bringing his attention back. “You’ll have to get your daily dose of testosterone somewhere else.”
Dean sighed, shifting his weight back onto his heel and shoving his hands in his pockets. “Look I… I know this is shitty. I know I’ve dragged you into this and put you and Ben in the crosshairs. And I’m sorry.” He looked up, begging her to believe him. “I’m so sorry. But… I can’t let this one slide. Cas and I have got to take care of this. And if it’s coming after me - and they always come after me - I can’t let you two get hurt because of it.”
“Where is everyone?” Cas asked, nudging in closer between Dean’s knees.
Dean pinched his mouth closed against the snort that threatened to escape. “Cas told me a story, about you taking him to the beach. “ She stared at him, something coming over her expression that Dean couldn’t quite recognize. “He said you pulled him out of school and spent the whole day with him, doing just normal stuff kids do at the shore.”
“I am
“Cas!” Dean leaned forward, nearly reaching for Cas’s hand where it laid atop the blankets. He stopped himself, feeling weird about touching the angel now that he was awake again.
“So you keep saying.” Sam snarked. He was busy rummaging around in one of the lockers through what looked like a stash of ancient medical supplies.
Messy. Guilt, anger, fear, sadness, shock… He shied away from that, skipping instead to Dean’s face as he stood in the doorway after Lucifer had left. Shame. He had wanted to hide his face. Sorrow, he could see it reflected in Dean’s expression. Relief? He had certainly felt that when Dean’s arms closed around him. Lucifer had left him feeling helpless and shaken and lost. But as Dean held him he felt the ragged bits of himself cling to one another, and to Dean. Grounded. That was the right feeling. He had felt tethered. Not restrained but safely moored to something stronger than his own fragile heart as it threatened to sink into oblivion.
“Alright. Shall I shut down the coffee machines?”
“Not all of us live on bacon grease and beef, Dean.” Sam muttered in his lecturing voice. “Some of us prefer actual nutrition from time to time.”
“When you and mom were in the front yard?” Ben guessed.
Cas nodded. “I was also. Going to call.” Cas murmured. “You.” He added and Dean felt a smile curl out across his face.
Ganem twisted the ring Dean had noticed before, fighting to get it off over his arthritic knuckle. “You are the Legacy. The spells will recognize your soul.” He grunted as the ring finally slid free, taking a chunk of skin with it. “Present this and they will unlock for you.” He held the ring out and dropped it, watching it fall.
“There is some unrest. I don’t understand.” Cas frowned deeply, turning his head a bit. Adjusting the feed, Dean figured.
“What do you mean?” Cas breathed, shocked. Divorce was not something the Novak family allowed. For Anna to even be considering it would have driven a wedge between her and their father.
“My grace?” Cas tried to sit up and Dean finally leaned forward to offer his arm. He propped Cas up on the pillows, biting his lip as he watched Cas look himself over.
Mr. Finnerman ignored Gabriel entirely and looked instead at Cas. “Castiel, I don’t think you understand the gravity of your actions.”
Dean found Sam asleep sitting up in his armchair, a textbook open on his lap. He smiled and muttered “nerd” as he gently lifted the book and set it aside. Sitting down on the futon he spent a moment just looking at his little brother, thinking how goddamn lucky he was to still have Sam here. He tried not to think about it too often because it just made him angry and scared and those were two things Dean didn’t really need any more than he already got the, but talking with Cas had reminded him that it could have been over, so quickly. His heart threatened to burst with the pressure of that reality, and for a moment it was all he could do to count his breaths as they slowly synced with Sam’s.
you that you’ve got it wrong.” Dean tried.
cassette right now.
Barely fifteen minutes later Castiel heard the purr of the impala rumbling through the night, followed by the slam of a heavy door. Afraid that Gabriel would be less than pleased to welcome Dean in at such an hour and after such a day, Castiel shoved his slippers on and darted down the stairs before Dean could ring the bell. He burst through the door at the bottom of the stairs and smacked straight into Dean’s chest, letting out an indelicate
Dean cracked one eye and rolled it down to him. “What?” he grunted.
“Oh yes, please, Dean! Waste my time with infantile bear-baiting while the entire regime I have worked to build crumbles and the big-daddy devil rides your brother right up your arse! I may be second on Satan’s hit-list but you sure as shit come in at a resounding first!”
“I will be alright, Gabriel.” Cas said more forcefully, willing it to be true. “Only I forgot for a moment. I hoped. It was a mistake I won’t make again.”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “What about that girl on Halloween? She was touching you in some very inappropriate places.”
“There isn’t.” Cas said, not bothering to look at him. “But I can see the scars here.” He gestured to Larry’s face with his free hand, the wrinkled skin looking perfectly normal to Dean.
Sam frowned but nodded and Dean repressed a relieved sigh. Sam patted Cas on the shoulder, eyeing Dean warily as he said his goodbyes and trotted back off across the field.
“I will meet with them.” Castiel said. Of course he would. Whether or not he managed to talk his brothers and sisters out of the civil war they seemed so keen to fight he was still responsible for the lessons he had learned. It was his duty to teach his siblings that there was another way, a more peaceful way forward.
“What’s that, Cas?” Dean asked as Cas’s phone pinged. He was wearing a strange expression as he read the screen, like he’d swallowed a golfball and was trying to decide to muscle through or hork it up.
How one little nerd with a Clark Kent haircut and the fashion sense of a middle-aged bank teller could get Dean so goddamned worked up was a mystery. He’d showed up to the Roadhouse tonight for a pre-midterm good luck dinner thing Jo had decided on in one of his white button-ups and black pants, a look Dean hadn’t seen in months. He was used to Cas in rumpled t-shirts and Gabriel’s hand-me-downs, maybe a jumpsuit if he was pitching in with something particularly dirty at the garage. That’s what he was prepared to deal with. Cute but manageable. But Cas had seemed to feel this was some sort of
Cas deflated, dropping to the bleachers again. “I apologize.” He murmured. Alfie flicked his eyes up to him and then away again.
. Spots flashed across his vision and he had to brace himself against the tiles as his knees wobbled dangerously.
Curtis smiled and let out a relieved sigh. “Thanks, boss.”
“Cas?” he sounded oddly breathless and Castiel wondered if he’d dived for the phone.
Bobby scoffed. “If you’re a house cat we must be amoebas on a cockroach’s ass.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel smirked. “It is a unicursal hexagram. It’s used in many more complicated designs, a glyph of protection which you overlay with more intricate symbols. I believe it was configured to keep the barn where we met in one piece when a powerful being was summoned inside.”
“Sorry, Bobby.” Dean grunted, his voice slicing up his windpipe like razors. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Won’t happen again.”
“Raphael’s pretty pissed about your mouth last week.” Rigby informed him snidely.
“Figured when you actually said good morning.” Sam smiled. “Glad you got it all settled. It sucked to see you both like that.”
“I am too, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes snapped open as his heart threatened to burst through his ribs. He could hear it thundering in his ears as he blinked furiously, trying to clear the lingering blackness of his dream. It took a few seconds for him to recognize the blank ceiling above him, its rice-paper lampshade familiar after the months he’d spent sleeping here.
“He is more than a friend?” she pressed, seeming to already know the answer. Castiel chuckled, glad that she could so easily talk about his homosexuality. She had, actually, come to believe that he could be gay and a good person. It was fantastic.
“No, like this.”
“Kennedy and Rigby were both suspended.” Sam informed Cas on Wednesday night with a smug smile. He and Jo had met Cas and Dean at the Roadhouse after their shift at the garage with all of Cas’s assignments from the week. “They found the spray paint cans in Rigby’s locker and turns out one of the security cameras actually works and caught Kennedy with one in his hand. Kennedy’s out for a month. He’s going to be on probation when he gets back and one more slip up means he’s expelled.”
Ash grinned, shoving his hands into the pockets of his jumpsuit. “Good luck with that, slim.” He warned Castiel. “That office hasn’t seen a duster since 1986.”
“I’ll bet. Like a neutered rhino.” Gabe sneered. Castiel had to admit he had never been overly fond of his brother’s wife either, but she cared very much about her daughters and that was admirable.
“What can I do for you, Anna?” he asked, crumpling a stray napkin and chucking it in the trashcan. “I hear you and your brothers have been tearing up the town. Glad you guys could patch things up.” Even if he didn’t quite trust it.
“I will, Sam. I will.” Dean wasn’t sure if it was a lie or not.
Kenny saved him from blubbering all over the guy by reappearing with a distributor cap in hand and a triumphant smile in place.
Castiel frowned. “I don’t think I am one of those.” He said, considering. He’d seen similar people when he’d volunteered before, bored homemakers and resentful rich kids, volunteering in name but in actuality judging everyone around them they were supposed to be helping. “But I will admit being here makes me reflect on how lucky I’ve been.”
“NO!” she wailed. “I can’t be in here!”
“See you there.” Gabe called, climbing into his car and racing off towards the Roadhouse, where Ellen’s yearly party was just starting.
Castiel’s smile turned a bit less grim. “He does. Why are you really here, Lucifer?” For a long moment he was silent, his lashes shading his eyes from Cas. When he looked back up the smile was gone.
“I don’t…” Dean began, but before he could finish Sam’s eyebrows bunched so sternly they practically fused and he realized that it was a lie. He did want to talk about it. For once he was ready to admit that he needed his overly-sensitive emotionally-in-tune little brother’s help wading out of this quagmire he’d tripped face-first into.
“Once or twice.” Sam said with a self-depricating grin.
“Well, shit.” Bobby sighed.
Dean had agreed and Castiel had decided not to make a fuss about being treated like a child. Something in Gabriel’s demeanor warned him that this was more for Gabriel’s sake than Castiel’s. Gabriel had disappeared downstairs and six hours later Lucifer had stood in their living room reading over the police report while Anna joined Castiel under his blanket. Lucifer and Gabriel had systematically destroyed Raphael and Donald Finnerman’s life in the following weeks.
“Woah!” Lisa exclaimed, cutting her hand through the air as if to put him on pause. “The first time? How often does he die?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas growled, making Dean pause. The angel looked pissed as hell, his jaw clenching as he searched Dean’s face and body with a quick glance. “You are unharmed?” he asked.
Cas did. “Because you asked me to come tonight.” He said simply. “You know yourself well enough to know that whatever you felt in that moment, it was not what you really want. You were smart enough to think ahead. To acknowledge your weakness and strengthen yourself against it. I may not have been much help but the fact that you brought me along means you didn’t need me to be.”
“He’s pumped.” Dean nodded, grinning. “If they get past Manhattan they’re definitely gonna crush Dodge City. That means they make it to the State Championship.” If there was more than a touch of pride in his voice he’d like to see anyone try to correct him.
“Good to see you too, tiger.” Crowley threw a wink the hunter’s way before his eyes landed on Cas. They flared wide for an instant before he looked quickly back to Dean, puffing his chest out and rocking back on his heels. “Deano.” He sneered, smoothing his silk tie. “Enjoying the single life, are we?”
“Yes.” Sam sighed. “And I was going to tell you-”
Lucifer sighed, scratching at the back of his neck. “You’ve grown teeth, Castiel. You never used to talk like this.”
love him, obviously. That whole jerk-off thing had been a weird fluke, just some crossed wires that came with shit-tons of alcohol and about a dozen recent emotional over-shares. He did not want to bone Cas. Well, not usually, anyway. Not sans vodka. So not
“Are you alright?” Virgil asked, fixing Raphael with a dark glare. Since the incident with Cas’s locker the usually stoic Virgil had been quite vocal about his dislike for Finnerman.
He hugged his knees to his chest, closing his eyes and falling back into the startling wonder of the brief moment when he’d dared to believe Dean wanted him.
Chuck listened with a tight frown. They contacted security, got an image of the boys fleeing the locker room and parents were called. Castiel and Alfie waited by Mrs. J’s desk while Rigby’s father and Sanz’s mother - who managed to look incredibly imposing at just over five feet tall - appeared and hollered at Chuck for a while.
“But in at least 30 different handwritings.” Continued Sam. “And see here,” he handing Castiel a sheaf of yellowed papers, “there’s this mark at the end of each one.” Cas took the papers, looking over the signature after each entry. Dean could see different inks, different hands. Some wrote the name in huge, graceful loops, others in cramped little nubs. Some slanted right, some left. One near the top was painstakingly neat while a few at the bottom were a barely intelligible scrawl. A small, ovular smudge followed each signing, all in the same blue ink. Cas peered at it, all squinty and serious and Dean fought down a hysterical laugh. The most interesting thing about all of this was a frigging ink splatter on some fifty year old papers? Right.
And with that he blinked out, leaving Dean alone in the cool summer night. “You still suck at goodbyes, man.” He grumbled, pushing himself upright and climbing back into the car.
Cas blinked in confusion, his eyes rolling up as though he might be able to see the top of his own head. “My vessel is not taken into consideration among the host, Dean.”
His gargantuan little brother smiled down at him. “Maybe we should get them inside, Gabriel?” Sam (Sam!) suggested. “We can explain in there.”
“Infamous?” Dean grinned at her. “You make us sound pretty cool.”
“After the cops couldn’t find him Dad went looking for him himself. He took us with him, said family was the most important thing.”
Dean blew out a breath, his hear rate slowly dropping back to normal human levels as he watched Cas stare guiltily at the door. He was trying to think of something to say to wash the embarrassment away when his phone buzzed in his back pocket. Shrugging the jumpsuit the rest of the way off his shoulders he pulled his phone from his jeans and swiped his thumb over the screen.
Gabriel shook his head. “I’m not taking any credit for your guts. Those are all yours.”
With concentrated effort Dean spread his fingers, shook out his arms and rolled his shoulders back. He took a few deep breaths, looking down at his bare feet for a minute until he could trust himself not to yell.
Sam slowly splayed his hands flat on the table, grounding himself through the tips of his finger. “What do you
“Hi.” Alfie grunted, looking for once like he actually had something other than his general fear of everything on his mind. Apparently Dean wasn’t the only one that noticed.
“Sam.” He said stupidly.
He scowled as he watched Sam say his goodbyes, eyeing the brunette warily. With his big goofy arms swinging wildly through the sea of puny humans, Sam made his way over to Dean.
A road.
As if sensing Cas’s eyes on him, Sam looked up, smiling and tipping his soda can in salute. Cas responded with a surprisingly genuine smile of his own. Even if this place was starting to make his bones ache he was glad to see Sam enjoying himself.
“You blessed him.” Cas said, gesturing to Dean with his blade.
“Right.” She chirped, sitting up. “Luckily for me, I’ve always had more stamina than I knew what to do with so I managed to possess all of them.” The little girl winked and licked her lips in a far-too-adult-for-her-size manner. Dean gagged. “Anyway,” Gabriel laughed. “Those little bits of grace sort of call to each other. Over a few months some of those vessels found each other. The little bits of grace started coagulating, seeking each other out and conglomerating until there was enough in one place to let me actually think.”
“I want to be the gallery owner who discovers a gorgeous new talent.” Kali said.
“You are very artistic.” Cas informed him as he struggled to lift the boxes.
“Those are Michael’s brats?” Gabriel demanded, snatching the phone. He’d left well before Sarah had even been thought of. “Well. At least he got something out of marrying that stone-cold-“
“I want that, Dean.” Husked Cas, “I’ll be sure to remind you of it as soon as my age is no longer an issue.”
“Not really, no.” Lucifer admitted easily. “I figured Gabe would have taken my card away and burned it, honestly.”
“Ok, Sammy.” He agreed quietly.
“You’re welcome Dean.” Cas was staring again and Dean wondered if Cas could see him about to jump out of his own skin. Figuring it would be easier with a little lubrication, Dean snagged a couple beers from the fridge and set them on the end table. Lisa sat expectantly on the couch, her gaze no less fixed than Cas’s and Dean fought the urge to bolt.
Castiel pursed his lips in worry. He sent back his agreement and stood and slipped his phone away. Gabriel flicked his eyes over for a second and Cas smiled.
He looked back to Lisa, who was staring dumbly up the staircase after Cas. “Right.” He muttered. “I said it was a long story.”
“Why didn’t you come find me?” Dean demanded. “I…I was losing my mind.” Sam had been up here this whole time, and Dean had been sitting in Lisa’s spare room just stewing in misery and guilt and pouring his stupid broken heart out to a vacant angel who was too busy trying to keep Heaven from imploding to actually visit. What the fuck?
It was Lucifer’s turn to snort. “Oh yes, Gabriel. I’m here to snatch your little kitchen out from under you and bring you back into the Novak fold. You’ve seen through my nefarious plan.”
Cas cocked his head again. “If my brothers and sisters were to find out about this it could be catastrophic for the balance of Heaven.”
He arrived in a sleek silver rental car, his black wool coat as striking as ever as it swirled around his calves. Castiel watched from the window as his brother crossed the street below, terror and elation dancing behind his ribs. Lucifer stopped on the pavement, staring up at the sign for Reynard’s with a blank expression. Even from the floor above Cas could see his pinkie wiggling madly. Grabbing his shoes and shoving them on his feet Cas took the stairs three at a time. He burst through the door onto the sidewalk, skidding to a stop.
“Why would you…?” Cas didn’t seem to be able to finish the sentence.
“I’m sorry.” He smiled.
Alfie was the first to arrive, stumbling out of the crowd as students shoved towards the doors. Castiel put a hand on his shoulder to steady him and Alfie grinned his thanks.
So instead he led Sam across the street, drawing out his keys as he went. He avoided the shop and went straight up the stairs to the apartment, Sam following silently, his boots heavy on the narrow stairway as Cas unlocked the inner door. Kicking off his shoes, Cas took Sam’s coat and pointed to the couch. Sam went, his fury fading as he watched Cas. Cas hung their coats by the door and paced into the kitchen, setting the coffee on in the french press and pulling out everything he needed for a pair of turkey sandwiches. By the time the coffee was ready he had two stacked high with lettuce and some of the extra bacon from Gabriel’s breakfast. He set a plate and mug on the coffee table in front of Sam, remembering to stir in a generous cloud of milk to his friend’s coffee.
“That’s me.” Ash preened, flicking a bit of imaginary dirt from his shoulder. “Certified genius.”
“Is Bobby her father?”
“Once.” Dean husked, rubbing at the back of his neck with his fingers. “I had a girlfriend that thought it was sexy.”
“I do.” Cas nodded, his smile a little tense. Dean chuckled. That goddamn jealous streak was going to lead to some crazy make-up sex in the future.
As it bounced off the table and onto the floor Sam gave one of his long-suffering, nobody-knows-the-troubles-I’ve-seen sighs and flicked his hair out of his face. “Real mature, Dean.” He pulled a fresh sheet of paper from the stack and Dean snatched that one too. As it bounced off Sam’s forehead Gabriel turned.
“You breaking our routine?” he asked and Cas grinned.
“A petty narcissist who surrounds himself with the fawning and cruel, tying them to his banner by money and incapable of conceiving of a larger world in which he is just another single, lonely soul gripping desperately to the illusion that he is in some way in control of his life.” Cas said bluntly.
“So don’t tell me you don’t owe me something, Dean.” She hissed.
“Dean.” Cas shook his head. Blood from a cut on his brow pattered all over his shirt.
“See you tomorrow, Winchester.” Ellen called, tossing a wave over her shoulder as she climbed up the porch.
Cas was beginning to feel hot all over when Dean pulled away with a nip to his lips. “Snacks!” he said and sat up. Cas slipped his gaze down the curve of Dean’s spine as he hunted for his jeans and decided he really wasn’t hungry. But he’d been with Dean long enough to know that if he had food on his mind there would be no dealing with him until he’d been fed. A few days had been enough to learn that rule, he thought with a smile. So Cas dragged himself upright, his knees wobbling as he found his boxers and t-shirt. He would want a shower soon but that would have to wait until he was willing to take his eyes of Dean for more than a minute at a time.
Talia’s wife, Abbey, frowned worriedly, craning her neck to pick their boy out of the huddle. “Do you think so?” she fretted. Abbey was a kindergarten teacher and looked like it. Her short blond bob was immaculate and she wore a baby-pink sun dress and white sneakers. Once upon a time she’s have been just Sammy’s type.
“You two know each other?” Sam asked, his eyes widening as he glanced back and forth between them.
He hung his head, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes hard. “I’m fucking trying.” He hissed. “I really am, Sammy.”
“I am here.” Cas went on calmly. “I am fine. Nothing is broken, I don’t have a concussion. I am perfectly fine. Dean took me to the hospital and a doctor confirmed it.” He stared Sam down - something Dean knew from experience was no easy feat - refusing to blink until Sam’s nostrils went back to their regular size and he looked a little less like he was about to go on a killing spree.
so close and never close enough.
“Watch your tongue, parasite.” He growled, his voice deeper than Dean had ever heard it. Holy freaking shit.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Cas looked up to find a very angry Sam Winchester towering over them. Sam was very good at towering, especially when he was angry. He had rarely seen Sam so angry, only once that he could remember. When he’d received a call months ago from a lawyer. Was this, then, the infamous Ruby?
Between one blink and the next he was gone. A few minutes later while Dean was double-checking that the various hidden guns and knives were all in the places he remembered Bobby stashing them - he’d have to warn Ben and Lisa about that - the old hunter himself came tramping back down the stairs.
“No.” Gabriel said, cutting off that line of panic. “He never went all the way down! At least, not this part of him.” She looked the Not-Sam up and down. “Lucy must have noticed, gotten his hooks into Sam’s soul at the last second, dragged him in. Shit.”
Cas studied him for a moment, his fingers tightening on Dean’s coat. “Thank you, Dean.” He sighed finally.
“Just go.” Ash sighed, flicking his hair out of his face.
For all Dean had about a hundred times the dating experience, this was actually pretty new territory for him, too. None of his relationships had ever survived their first big fight, so making up after anything bigger than a tif wasn’t something he knew how to navigate.
I’d like to address something that I’ve become increasingly uncomfortable with over the last several years in this fic: the age gap. I know this might be a ridiculous thing to be talking about on a site where all sorts of bizarre, dark and creepy kinks are published by the droves, but it’s been annoying me. I’ve mentioned before in notes and comment responses that at the beginning of this fic when Dean was in his early 20s and Cas was 17 the age gap made me uncomfortable. I sort of set myself up for failure and tried to write my way out of it, but it led to this weird situation I wish hadn’t been included at all. Because of the limitation of Cas needing to be legally dependent on Gabriel and still in high school for the plot line I wanted to follow with him he had to be 17. I needed the threat of his family forcing him to come back (something that when I started was definitely going to be in there, a legal battle between Eli and Gabriel over Cas which eventually got scrapped) to create tension. I figured I could just make Cas be in school. It would be interesting because it is a very pivotal time in life where many of us try to figure out where the hell we’re going and it also allowed Raphael to be a bully. Because I wanted Sam to be his friend and slightly younger but not young enough to be vastly immature Sam had to be a year behind him but about the same age. And that meant that to preserve the relationship that is so core to canon between him and Dean, Dean had to be 4 years older. This set up an age gap that I felt crossed a very serious growth period in someone’s life.
“Then get out of the room.” Dean advised breezily.
I fell knowingly, doing what I believed was the
“I’m not a demon.” Sam told Ganem calmly, not seeming too surprised that the old guy could tell he was off.
The talk of family didn’t last, the subject quickly turning to Castiel and his new life alongside Gabriel. At first he squirmed, fully aware of how painful it must be for Lucifer to see him here, happy and free as he had never been with the rest of his family. But as Lucifer kept up a gentle course of questions, asking about everything from his grades to his work at the garage he found it easier to open up. Lucifer was surprised to hear Castiel had taken fencing back up.
“No one tells me anything.” Ben pouted.
“Oh.” She said, startled. She hadn’t even seen him. “You.”
“Dean,” Sam grunted, and the sound of his voice vibrating through the side of Dean’s skull nearly knocked Dean flat. “I can’t breathe.”
He didn’t know how long the angel would be out of commission after a banishment, but he figured wherever he was Cas was probably pissed enough to bring the roof down. He sent new coordinates and a mental image of the car they were in every time, so Cas could find them when he got juiced up.
Beyond the haze of embarrassment locked in his chest he felt a tendril of worry. Cas had been gone a long time and in Dean’s experience Cas’s trips to Heaven tended to turn him back into the soulless ken-doll he'd first met in that barn. The one that didn’t blink when Dean called him a monster. The one that made him watch his grandfather die to prove a point. The one that was willing to wipe out a whole town on Daddy’s orders. Part of him said it was stupid, that they’d been through too much shit together for Heaven to get its hooks back in Cas. But a smaller, weaker part couldn’t help the fear that one more thing might be taken away from him.
Dean didn’t mind so much. It had been an achingly long time since he’d had any action but for some reason blond and encased in black pleather just wasn’t doing it for him tonight. It always had in the past of course, but for whatever reason he only felt luke-warm picturing her again.
“Perhaps you should also check the ignition coil.” Cas suggested with an abundance of casualness. “I noticed she faltered several times last week, and while ’67 Impalas are notoriously hard starters it couldn’t hurt to double check while you’re in there.”
“Did you?” Lucifer asked
“Fine.” Cas nodded immediately. All thoughts of Rigby were extinguished in the face of Sam’s anger. “I only spoke to her for a few minutes.”
was the blue Dean was after.
“These,” he said, showing Cas the ankles, “are going to be uncomfortable as fuck. They’re gonna stick to your legs and make it hard to move. We’ve got to be able to run, to climb and dodge stuff coming after us. Plus you would look like a douche. Skinny jeans are a big no.” He put them back but added the gray ones. “So are super baggy ones. They’ll get snagged on stuff and get in the way when you’re running. Straight-leg is your best bet. You want them tight enough in the waist that you don’t need a belt but loose enough that they’re not pinching you.” He glanced at Cas to find the ex-angel’s expression tense and focused, like Dean was relating some vital shit right now. So Dean kept going. If it made Cas feel a little more solid in his skin Dean would explain every limited thing he knew about human fashion.
“Hello, Dean.”
Gabriel shrugged. “Eh. I’m not going to even be here to watch so what’s the point of going all out? Besides, this way if someone steals it it’s no biggy.”
“Anywhere else?” Dean croaked. Why on earth had he thought pulling Cas into his lap was a good idea?
“And you didn’t explain it or anything?” Sam was probably about as pissed at Dean as Dean was out himself.
“Castiel?” a soft voice cooed as he turned towards his classroom. Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath. If she apologized for
“Wendigos?” Sam asked, incredulous.
“No.” He agreed. He had never had beer before and he found he disliked the strange bitter tang of it.
“Yes, Dean.”
He watched Raphael’s adam’s apple bob up and down as he swallowed, taking that for a yes. “Good. Now piss off. We’ve got a game to win.”
“Lies!” Dean shouted, jumping to his feet. “I have been undefeated for
Balthazar nodded his agreement. “Pahaliah and Samandriel are not so powerful, but beggars really can’t be choosers, can we?”
“Nope.” Gabriel chirped, kicking her heels against the desk in a stuttering, obnoxious rhythm. “Whatever this place is it wanted Dean here all on its own.”
Bobby smiled, a watery twinkle in his eye as he clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You too, son.” He pulled Dean in for a fierce hug. Bobby smelled like motor oil and whiskey, dust and books. It was familiar and heartbreaking and Dean might have held on just a bit longer than necessary.
“Jeez, Dean.” Gabe snarked, raising an eyebrow. “I can see Cas is in for some stellar foreplay.”
“U.S. History.” Sam said mournfully. “That’s going to take
The bell above the door sounded and the click of high-heels announced Kali. “Castiel, darling.” She purred, pressing her perfectly painted lips to his cheek. “Happy birthday!”
Cas hummed, trailing his nose along the side of Dean’s. Seemed like Cas had no qualms about inhaling the smell of Dean after three days apart.
Gabriel’s ears pricked up. “Yeah?” he asked hopefully. “She’s a peach, right?”
“Not for himself.” Gabriel explained, fresh tears spilling off her chin to patter against Lisa’s collarbone. “For Amy.”
Cas couldn’t help his own laugh this time. “I don’t worry you’ll pressure me into anything.” He assured Dean. “It’s just…” he stumbled, wondering how to explain. He’d never touched another person in a romantic way before, never even thought about it in more than a theoretical way before he met Dean. “I have no idea what I’m doing.” He confessed. “The girls you’ve been with before were good enough for you to reminisce fondly and in great detail.” Dean snorted. “And everything you do feels so amazing that I worry I’m not… not… going to…”
“My gift?”
“Yeah.” Nikki nodded towards Cas where Sam was carefully laying him out in the back seat of the car. “The whole giant tsunami on the bridge thing?” Dean just blinked at her. “She was a little over-zealous but she kept you and your friend alive for me.”
Dean wiggled down a little, turning to face Cas and watch his eyebrows twitch in his sleep. It was sappy and really not that attractive but it was Dean’s birthday, damnit. He could do what he wanted.
One of the shorter boys sniggered. “‘Really quite lovely!’” He parroted in a dreadful accent.
Dean glanced at Sam, who shrugged and smiled. Alrighty then. “I was just uhh…anyway. You all have a good first week?”
Dean shrugged. “I’ve got no idea.” He growled. “But wherever he is he’s not doing great. He looks like crap.”
Gabe’s eyebrow twitched. “Look at you.” He said with a little grin. “You might just grow up one of these days, Deany-bear.” He approved.
He glanced up at the clock; an hour and a half until Sammy got home and three hours before he had to be at Ellen’s. Just enough time for a nap, he thought, glancing over at Cas’s snoozing form. And when he woke up he could shake this pitiful emotional residue and go back to being awesome, as usual.
“Clearly.” Lucifer laughed, patting an upsettingly hairy throw pillow.
“And then?” Sam urged.
And afterward, as he lay gasping and watching helplessly as Dean cleaned them both up with the same washcloth, Cas had felt something tighten behind his ribs. When Dean laid back down and gathered Cas close, smelling of sweat and sunshine, Cas felt warm all over despite the chill in the room. And now, stretched out with Dean’s hand gently cupped over his hip, Cas felt right.
“You little shit.” Raphael hissed, reaching for him. Castiel braced himself but before the blow could land someone else joined the fray.
Bobby was in his office arguing with some douche on the phone who wanted four hours of body work done for free and Benny had taken off for the day, leaving Dean and Ash to putter around the almost empty garage and wait for the end of the day.
“Yes!”
“Just admiring my handiwork.” He said, jogging over to unlock the car. He slid onto the leather bench seat, grinning as it squeaked against his jeans.
Gabriel frowned, wobbiling his head back and forth and making a show of his decision. “Eh.” He squeaked. “Dean’s ok. For a
Cas’s fingers trailed thoughtfully through Dean’s hair. After a moment he leaned forward and flicked his tongue against the corner of Dean’s mouth. “I want you in my bed.” He murmured.
“They wanted me to identify the body.” He croaked, finally. Cas gasped, not in surprise Dean didn’t think, more like he’d forgotten to breathe. “So I… I called my dad. He didn’t pick up. I left him a message. I think I was crying. Asked him to call me back - which you know he never did.” He tossed Cas a pathetic half-grin. “Then I called Bobby. Told him Sam had an accident. Couldn’t even get out that he was…
Dean snarled. He looked about a second from punching something but Sam knew better than to back down. He crossed his arms and stared his brother down. Dean didn’t even try to dodge it this time. “I told him to stop being a damn idiot.”
“Castiel?” Lucifer answered on the first ring. “What’s wrong? Aren’t you at school?”
“Alfie.” He threw his beefy arm around the skinny boy’s neck. “Good to see you back on your feet after all that commotion last spring. You really should look where you’re going. You’re gonna get yourself hurt one of these days.”
“Fine.” Sam smiled, settling down in his seat with his mug on the armrest. Cas didn’t believe him. He’d been nearly frightening when he’d seen Cas’s injuries on Monday, and this morning Cas had actually watched his heart break when he’d seen the word scrawled across Cas’s locker. Before he could press the subject Sam lifted one long leg and slammed his foot down on the end of the futon, making the whole thing jump.
“We did.” Castiel nodded. “We agreed that while I was settling in I wouldn’t worry too much about helping out with bills or saving up for school. I’ve been here nearly a year now.”
“Dead.” Bobby coughed, leading them through to the living room. Ben was perched on the couch, still holding his notepad like a lifeline. His eyes looked about ready to fall out of his head as Lisa sat down beside him and looped her arm around his shoulders and held him close.
“The classics are just lost on some people.” Dean nodded knowingly. He couldn’t quite imagine Cas watching Animal House. The dead horse in the office, the insatiable Otter, the douchebag rival frat… Cas probably had that cute little head-tilt going the whole time.
“Doesn’t matter. We’re all just waiting for his inevitable crash and burn, really.” Raphael choked out a laugh. “Trash like him can’t avoid it, no matter who they’re fucking.”
“I got distracted.” Growled Cas. “I really would like to go to the apartment now, Dean.”
“Lis-“
“Go.” Cas flicked his hand dismissively and Crowley’s eyes popped wide in indignation before he fizzled out with a startled bip!
Sam jumped up, his stick forgotten stuck in the dirt. “I’ll go ask him!” he chirped and ran full tilt towards the house, skinny legs flickering madly.
Dean shuffled his money into a pathetic stack and folded it into his wallet. He could feel Benny watching him the whole time.
Dean smiled, thinking of how it had never worked with Sam, even when he was a little kid. The harder John pushed the harder Sam pushed back. You didn’t break Sam Winchester. “So I bore down and just ended up pushing him over the edge. That’s what I learned from my dad, how to push the people you love away. It almost cost Sam his life.”
“What’s wrong with your ribs?” Ben asked, his eyes sharp. Dean had almost forgotten the kid was in the room.
They sat up and Dean gathered the comforter up into his arms. It smelled like Cas’s laundry detergent. Cas helped him fold it up into the box and pulled him to his feet.
And it was a pretty terrifying truth if he thought too hard about it. Cas was seventeen, as Dean’s brain was incessantly reminding his body. Even if he weren’t years younger than Dean, twenty-two hardly seemed old enough to be making any kind of life-long commitment. He couldn’t even commit to a lease longer than three months. It had been less than six months since he’d even
Bright, brilliant,
“Dean.” Cas said, his voice irritatingly level. “Have you ever known Gabriel to harm the innocent?”
He knew he’d slipped into a dream when he caught the smell of motor oil and dirt in the sun. He was sitting on the hood of a dusty pickup in Bobby’s scrap yard, a cold beer by his elbow and Sam digging in the sand with a stick. Sam was maybe five, his stupid floppy hair a few shades lighter the way in got in the summer and his cheeks peeling from yet another sunburn. Dean
Lisa looked confused. “What do you mean? You were a seal?”
Ash gave his eyes a lazy roll. “Go check on the Toothpick. I can set the system and hit the lights.”
“Well, we knew he was going to be unpleasant somehow. At least this is harmless. Open the other.” Cas said, and Dean was almost sure he was trying to hide a smile of his own. Grumbling, he tossed the smaller box aside, ignoring the tennis ball as it rolled away under the couch. The second box was huge, nearly three feet long and wrapped in the same smooth cream paper. The gold ribbon was tied in an intricate bow, too many loops and knots for Dean to even begin to unravel, so he just shimmied it off one corner and let it fall away. It was too unwieldy for him to try and open in his hands so he laid it down on the carpet to lift the top off.
“Cas!” Sam snapped. “Cas, where are you?”
“They’re good. Judith has joined the church choir. She’s terrible, of course,” Cas smiled indulgently, remembering her strident little voice, “but she seems to enjoy it. But, erm, no,” it was Lucifer’s turn to clear his throat. “Actually I’ll be travelling over the holiday.”
Dean grit his teeth. “Yeah, but…”
“1970 Chavelle.” Bobby grunted, noticing his fascination. “Looks a little familiar, don’t it?”
He was lovely. Dazzling. Castiel could only stare as he trotted right up to them, a grim smile touching his perfectly-shaped lips. He was tall, a few inches over six feet, with sandy hair pushed into a mess of spikes. His broad shoulders were beautifully muscled beneath his faded navy t-shirt and his movements were lithe and confident. A small galaxy of dusty freckles were flung across his sharp nose, reflecting in verdigris eyes sharp as lightning. His long lashes leant him an almost feminine charm and the glimmer of gold stubble added a rough edge.
I want to make it clear that I’m not saying all age gap relationships are screwed up. Once someone is older a four year age gap is not usually an issue at all. The difference between 30 and 34 is negligible. You are in charge of most of your own life decisions and admin, not dependent on others for things like paying your bills, etc. Whereas at 21 and 17, there will be a huge gap usually between what you’re responsible for when it comes to your own life. At the stage of life I set Cas and Dean in because of the plot points I wanted to cover outside their relationship that gap is not insignificant. It was never my intention to glorify or romanticise age gap relationships at that age.
Dean flinched, turning around to find Kevin standing in the doorway of the massive kitchen. He looked tired, as usual, and he was holding the demon tablet. It was almost like the damn thing had become a part of him, grown into the skin of his right hand like parasite. So it was kind of a surprise when the kid stalked over and shove it at Dean, a scowl all over his face.
“Yeah, Cas.” Dean chuckled. “Should I come up?”
“So!” Jo began, grinning from ear to ear. “I hear some big dumb ox put the moves on our little Castiel.”
Dean chuckled and hauled himself up, stumbling sleepily to the bathroom as Cas picked up his book again.
emotionally fragile friend? Not. Cool.
Cas stared at him. Beneath the calm and self-mocking smile Gabriel’s face held something strong and hopeful. This was more than money. This was more than a promise to pay for college. This was more than an offer to provide a secure future and a step forward. This was something Gabriel had been thinking about, saving for, sacrificing for, for years. For years before that late-night email that had changed Castiel’s life Gabriel had been planning and hoping and waiting to help him, to give him an option if he wanted to take it.
God, was he ever going to make it through a day where every other thought didn’t lead to Sam? Then again, did he want to?
“I did.” Castiel nodded, Lucifer’s odd half-smile rising in his mind’s eye. “I didn’t expect to see him here.” He admitted.
“There’s not much you’re sure of, is there?” Dean observed, quirking an eyebrow at her. From what he remembered Gabriel always had an answer for everything.
Dean sat forward, slipping a hand around his waist and pulling him close. All thoughts of clothing were wiped from Cas’s mind completely. “You keep drifting off and getting all flustered. If I didn’t know any better I’d say you were fantasizing about somebody.”
“I knew he was there. No idea how.” Gabriel said, staring at Sam with a frustrated frown. “I’m too freaking clever for my own good, sometimes.”
Dean blinked at him.
“You want a drink?” Dean asked. “I figure you guys are celebrating?”
“Where?”
The first time Cas followed Sam into their apartment and saw Dean curled up under the downy white comforter something in his chest had clenched painfully. Dean always looked so young when he slept, beautifully peaceful as he clutched the blankets beneath his chin. The idea that Cas’s gift was wrapped around him, sheltering him…
“If I screw up I’m letting the whole team down.” She admitted quietly.
“A spell.” Cas said finally. “A concealment.”
“Well, congratulate you, I suppose.” She shrugged. “I didn’t quite manage to dodge my contract, as you can see. And while I hear you were the one to do the deed, Sam, I can’t really fault Dean for not ripping Lilith’s head off himself.” She winked at Dean. “From what I hear you tried your best, dear.”
“Sam.” She said. “You remember Ben?”
about everything. “I’m not allowed to have a bad day?” he challenged.
Sam peered at him for a long moment before nodding. “Come on.” He grunted and pushed his way through the crowd. Castiel followed close behind him - it was much easier to move through the crowd with Sam’s bulk cutting a path. When he realized Sam was leading them to little office where Brady had put their coats his heart sank. Perhaps his presence hadn’t been helpful after all.
A gawky boy sat across from Sam, his bulging eyes darting up to Castiel every few seconds as he huddled over a tray of what looked to be baked beans and hot dogs, or at least something close.
“Excuse me?” Castiel asked, blinking away his distraction.
“Tell me you didn’t drive here like this.” Dean groaned, dodging a hug.
Dean and Benny watched him rumble away.
He didn’t hear it coming.
Setting his shoulders and giving the parking lot an instinctive sweep Dean limped into the restaurant, his legs stiff and sore from so many hours on the road. He still hated going out with only Ruby’s demon knife slipped into his belt but normal people didn’t carry a gun everywhere, not in Indiana. He ignored the dead-eyed stranger that stared back at him from the glass-walled entryway. He was getting used to not recognizing himself anymore. It
“Of course.” Cas nodded and began inspecting Dean’s symbols. That meant he was almost smacked in the nose as Lisa threw the door open, her hand in her purse and Ben tucked protectively behind her back.
“Yes, well.” Crowley continued. “The point is I was prepared for the chaos. A few quick assassinations, a flaying here and there, a well placed bribe or two, a little general mayhem and…” he shrugged, flapping his purple tie at them.
“Why do we care about any of this?” Dean demanded.
He’d found the full bottle in the outdoor trashcan the next day. Lisa hadn’t said a word.
“Someone spray-painted a horrible slur on the Novak boy’s locker this morning. Ms. Harvelle seems to think it was these two.” Mrs. J thrust a twisted tissue up Rigby’s nostril none-too-gently and moved to haul Kennedy up beside him.
Cas gritted his teeth and forced himself to meet Gabriel’s eye. Gabriel would
“No.” Sighed Lou. Her hair was down for once and she tossed it over her shoulder and leaned her chin on her hand. “I’d already gone through it a few times before we even got here but I was hoping a few sets of fresh eyes might see something new. But I just can’t think any of those witches are powerful enough to take on Delphine, even with a Demon’s help.”
Jo peeked at Sam uncertainly. “Well, Sam’s pissed at Brady.”
Castiel placed his silverware on the edges of his plate with a sharp clink.
Dean grinned down at him, watched him go from dazed to thunderous over a three-second span. If looks could kill Dean was pretty sure he’d be a charred pile of bones on the end of the futon. He laughed as Cas swarmed up into his arms. Strong hands locked against the back of Dean’s head, pulling him into a crushing kiss that was more teeth and tongue than anything. Cas actually growled into his mouth, nipping at Dean’s lips.
“Never met him.” Dean shrugged.
“Anything you want, Cas. C’mon.” Dean assured him, covering Cas’s hand with his own. His needy dick could wait.
“Don’t do that.” Alfie murmured, his eyes finally sliding down to the bar.
“You can finish up when you get back. I’ve got the demon knife.” He pulled the sheath from where it stuck in his belt, showing it to Cas before strapping it to his thigh for easier access. “They’ve only got Lisa’s little glock and she’s still a shitty shot. They are in more danger than me right now.” Cas nodded but he didn’t look happy about it.
“I would like a hot tea, if they have it.”
Ganem nodded. “A demon had taken possession of her in order to learn our secrets. It was common practice for the families of our members to go through exorcisms regularly, and to wear protective charms to prevent possession. But Tom had been lax in his duties, and Margaret paid the price.” A brief flash of pain crinkled his face. “The demon convinced Tom to allow her to see the manuscripts. He brought them home to her and she killed him, took them away. By the time we knew what had happened the demon had used the manuscripts to piece together a way to free Abaddon.”
Ellen patted his hand and smiled. “I’ll check the dumpster. Jo took the car so you get to give me a ride home. Lock up, yeah?”
But then that sneering voice would change. The ice melted away as soft lips pressed warm to the back of his neck. There was never a hand on his throat, just an arm wrapped around his waist. He was never bleeding in the snow. He was laying on the familiar futon or tucked in his own bed with Dean wrapped around him more than the comforter.
Cas nodded, his face still blank in shock. Good enough. Dean grabbed Sam by the wrist, dragging him away from the angels and toward the door in the hill before Cas could come up with any more objections. Answers. He was going to know how. And why. And how long Sam had been topside. And once it was explained he was going to be absolutely sure that Sam was back and he wasn’t going anywhere ever a-goddamn-gain.
at nasty, Donnie.”
“Yeah, we’ve heard the gospel of Free Will before.” Balthazar reminded him. “It’s not us you have to convince.” He tossed his apple core aside, wiping his fingers on a handkerchief he pulled from his pocket. Castiel thought it interesting that Balthazar could easily have just willed them clean, but chose the handkerchief instead.
“But you seem to have a very strong relationship.” Lucifer continued, as if he hadn’t been interrupted. Castiel had a feeling he knew where this was going and he didn’t like it. “Perhaps teenage boys aren’t such a mystery to you as to the rest of us.”
Lisa and Ben finished setting the table while Bobby made an effort to find clean silverware and glasses. Cas stood around looking bored, occasionally staring fixedly at one or another of them until Dean cleared his throat to remind him how creepy humans found that.
He was so lucky. They were both so lucky.
“Sure.” Alfie gave a watery smile. “Thanks, Cas.”
be related. Possibly. Cas was taller, obviously, and slimmer. His nose was straighter and his lips were fuller, his jaw more round and he was overall less pointy. But something about the forehead, maybe? Cas had definitely looked familiar on Monday. But brothers? Of course Dean and Sammy didn’t look all that alike at first, so there was no going by looks sometimes. Gabriel didn’t talk much about his family, but Dean would have guessed from his stories he wasn’t on speaking terms with any of them. Now that he thought about it Gabe had mentioned a few times – when he was drunk as a skunk and caught between ranting and crying – that he had left behind a little brother. This kid was
Ruby threw her weight over one hip, tossing her hair back and slamming her hand down against her thigh. “I came to talk to you, obviously. You can’t even give me that after everything?”
“No!” Cas protested shrilly. What a horrible thing to suggest. He was a high school student not some bloodthirsty hun warrior. “I just hit them hard enough that they lost their breath and had to let me go. I didn’t want to
He and Gabriel broke out into rocous laughter. Dean just stared at Cas with an unreadable expression.
“Have you thought any more about what classes you might like to take next year?” Anna asked. “I
Dean growled inarticulately but didn’t argue. Castiel felt very out of place, sitting there between the two of them only knowing a sliver of the story behind this tension. After several tense minutes in which the doctors on the television frantically filled and emptied a not-very-sterile-looking operating theater, Sam let out a sigh and collapsed back into his chair.
world, Balthazar.” He explained. “That is the whole point. We can think for ourselves now. Choose for ourselves. Our Father has given us
Dean grinned and glanced at Cas’s jeans. “With proof like this it’s getting hard to keep thinking that way.”
Don't let your soul get lonely
“Cool your jets, your Majesty.” Bobby stowed his flask, crossing his arms.
Grace relaxed finally, probably putting his tension down to excitement at finding a long-lost family member. “One sugar, splash of milk.” She whispered back.
“Just a friend, Dean.” Sam whined in that ‘don’t lecture me’ voice.
“He sounds like someone’s eating
So much for progress.
Recommended listening: Attaboy - Yo-Yo Ma, Stuart Duncan, Edgar Meyer & Chris Thile
“An alpaca. It’s a camelid indigenous to the mountains of South America.” Cas explained.
“Likewise.” Dean smiled, steering Cas towards his bedroom. “We’ll leave you two to the whipped cream. Just here to get my birthday present and then I’ll be off.”
Dean’s throat was closing over. If it had been anyone else he’d have thrown the stupid comforter over their head and walked out. Or made some crude joke about just how someone could take care of him. But this was Cas, staring at him with eyes empty of pity, judgement, or pain.
“You see that mother of pearl on the cap? That’s the Montblanc emblem.” Gabriel picked it up, carefully cradling it as if it were a sparrow’s egg. “Guilloché engraving, oyster lacquer, red gold clip and-“ he slid the cap off revealing a dangerously sharp point, “rose gold, hand-carved nib.” The arrow-head nib was covered in delicate scrollwork. An ornate “S” was styled into the gleaming metal. “Custom.” Gabriel added. He slid the cap back on and replaced it in the box. “You take care of that Sammy, I’d say you’re looking at a two thousand dollar pen, there.”
“Brother, actually.” Gabriel replied pleasantly. “And I’m just here to inform you that the next time any student at this school lays a finger on Castiel I will be pressing charges, whether he wants me to or not.”
Samandriel curled around Balthazar, taking shelter in the shadow of the greater angel’s wings. “I won’t say I understand, but I admire.” He murmured. “It is a hard duty our father has placed on you.”
Sam huffed. “Yeah, me too.” He admitted. “So Crowley’s in the basement?”
They were halfway back to the porch when a gunshot rang out, followed by a loud and all-too-familiar voice spewing a stream of curses.
Cas was actually shaking and Dean fought the urge to vomit as the room rippled around him. It felt like his skin was being sucked away from his body, a vacuum opening up as Gabriel’s glare became icier and icier.
“He was in my nursery. Dad was asleep on the couch. He didn’t hear the guy, but Mom did. She came in to check on me and found him standing over me. Dad heard her scream. The guy was nuts, paranoid delusional or something. He stabbed her in the stomach and lit her nightgown on fire. By the time Dad got upstairs the guy was halfway out the window, shrieking about how the devil wanted me, wanted to get to me. He grabbed me and gave me to Dean, told him to run. He tried to help our mom but she was already gone. He barely got out. The guy got away.”
Gabriel burst out laughing. “Well, kid, you name it and it’s yours. Call ‘em friendship incentives or bribes or whatever you want. I think it’s safe to assume though, that they don’t just like you for my cookies. They mostly get those from me on their own.”
Cas was his friend, his buddy. Sammy and Cas were practially besties these days. Cas was Gabriel’s little brother. Cas was freaking jail bait. Cas had recently had his whole life turned upside-down and moved halfway across the damn country to get away from his domineering, queer-hating father and dickbag siblings. The last thing, the very
Blind. Hu. Dean looked at the cards Portman was busy dealing and realized they were brail. Everyone at the table was blind. He shot Cas a look but the angel was too busy watching Ganem’s drifting gaze to notice. The old man tilted one large, furry ear behind him, taking in the noise of three new pairs of shoes.
That night Cas was sitting on the floor of Dean’s apartment, his lovely, square shoulders propped against Dean’s knees and his head lolling onto his leg when he looked up at Dean with that same concerned expression.
“The devil is working Christmas.” Sam grinned.
“Hey, I found us this place, didn’t I?” She challenged. Sam just grunted.
“I have no doubt you believe that.” Castiel nodded. He doubted anyone would stay with that pompous ass if they didn’t believe a decent man was hiding underneath.
A hand pressed to his back, flat between his shoulder blades. Shoving him forward, into something warm and solid. The smell of sweat and cheap shampoo, motor oil and metal. All around him. Skin hot, hot against him. His own heartbeat in his ears, fast and deafening. A hand pressed into his hip, salt on his tongue.
Cas crouched against the bridge’s guardrail, his blood-spattered sword gleaming in Dean’s headlights. Squaring off with him were two long-limbed, pale-skinned monsters with hideous white eyes as big as dinner plates.
Cas snorted.
Sam sighed and wished that were true. It would make this so much easier. “Say what you need to say, Ruby.” He urged.
So he had a friend. Possibly more than one.
“Good.” Cas grumbled, squeezing Dean’s thigh.
Dean shook his head, spraying rainwater into Cas’s face. “Right. And what is that task, exactly?” As far as he could see sitting in the soggy grass for the rest of the day seemed to be Cas’s plan of attack.
“So you talked it out?” he asked after he’d washed his face and pulled on a soft red over-shirt. The sleep had cleared from his eyes and he was looking alert and happy, the disapproving frown of last night gone.
Raphael huffed through his nose, a touch of frustration eking into his tone. “Heard you been hanging out with both Winchesters now. Following Dean around Singer’s little shit-hole like a puppy. Hoping he’ll fuck you one of these days?”
“I was getting the best grades of my life. I was dominating at lacrosse and I could really see it, you know? Stanford, Harvard, wherever I wanted to go. Dean hated her from the word go, but he had to admit that she wasn’t ruining my life the way he thought she would. Until he found the pills in my bag.” Sam grimaced. “I’d never seen him look more like our dad than he did then. He was so
“Loving?” Dean asked incredulously. “Gotta say, he didn’t seem like Mr. Touchy-feely when he was murdering me over and over and making Sammy watch.”
Dean blinked at him, a full smile relaxing his face. “Yeah.” He nodded, gripping Cas’s wrist with calloused fingers. “Yeah, I’m alright, Cas.” His thumb glided warm over Cas’s pulse and suddenly Castiel realized just exactly how close they were standing. His hips were only an inch from Dean’s, their chests nearly touching. He could feel the heat of Dean’s breath on his cheek.
Dean rolled his shoulders forward, hunching over the wheel and hating his weakness. Cas didn’t need this shit. Not on top of
Dean cleared his throat, trying to think of something flippant and sufficiently butch to sling back at the pair of them. When nothing came to mind he decided to try honesty. There was a first time for everything, after all. And Ash, at least, seemed pretty hammered so it wasn’t like he was likely to bring this up tomorrow. “Uh, he’s pretty full of surprises, actually. Kinda… demanding.” He was
Sam nodded and went into his bag, digging out an old road atlas and flicking to the Canadian section. “Here.” He laid it out on the table. “We’ve got to grab a few hours sleep before we do anything. Everybody look at this.”
an idiot. I knew what I was doing. I decided to take the drugs. She didn’t trick me or convince me or anything. I just thought I could handle it. The only time I’ve regretted it was when I saw her with you at Brady’s party.” Cas remembered his fury. That, too, was directed inward it seemed, at his decision to protect the girl he then feared would hurt his friend. “I don’t know. Maybe I should say something.” Sam shrugged.
“A crime.” Anna said with a sad shake of her head. “A tragedy, really.”
And more miraculous than that, Dean loved him, too.
Castiel nodded. Malachi’s followers were largely made up of those angels who had rarely, if ever, left Heaven. Many of them were powerful, but few had ever braved the fires of Hell, or the confusion of the mortal world. Patience and prayer rather than battle and bloodshed made up the bulk of their existence.
“Why?” Sam sounded mystified. Of course he wouldn’t have seen that coming. Dean had been pretty careful over the years not to let that side of himself show, not even to himself.
When Cas pulled back to stare at him, Dean laid his hand on his shoulder and gently guided him down the bed. Cas caught on with a smile, trailing his lips and hands down Dean’s torso in random patterns. Dean watched the top of his tousled head and groaned as Cas took one of his nipples between his teeth, rolling and nibbling as his hands trailed over Dean’s ribs. He explored, breathing softly across Dean’s skin until Dean had to clench his eyes shut against it.
“You healed
“What happened, Cas?” she asked softly, taking a seat next to him.
EDIT: The age inconsistency has been pointed out by a few of you (thanks!) and I've decided to alter it back to Dean turning 22. Sorry for the confusion.
“You little devil.” She twittered. Cas decided not to linger.
Castiel nodded, feeling anything but.
For a few weeks Castiel didn’t see Kennedy much. After their awkward conversation in the bushes the stocky bully had bee avoiding not only Cas, but it seemed Raphael and Rigby as well. When Castiel did catch sight of Kennedy he was usually on his own, slipping into the front office or stalking around outside the music rooms. Raphael kept his distance as well, but Castiel dared not hope the parasite had dropped his pointless vendetta. Now and then Raphael would taunt him, sneer at him from across the lunch room or whisper vile insults just as homeroom was beginning, but for the most part Castiel could ignore him.
“Your father’s friend. The one that helped raise you and Sam?” A sparkle of interest flickered in her eyes.
Dean cut him off. “I’m not asking because I want to… I mean, of
a thing or two.” He’d always had a sweet spot for the bar babes who were getting long in the tooth - probably because he always figured if he ended up with anyone it would be with one of them. And anyone who helped Cas out in a pinch was definitely on his nice list.
Still, he’d won this round, and as Jo had said last week, the look on Raphael’s face would carry him through to lunch.
Shredder’s new body - complete with generically caucasian head - was many-scarred and scuffed, but holding strong. They’d kept the thick burlap legs they’d given him, perfect for learning to sweep. Heavy enough to give a sense of balance but not hard enough that they’d come away with battered shins. Dean smiled around the taste of bile when he saw the faded, rust-pitted coffee can hat still perched jauntily atop Shredder’s moulded hair. He picked it up, grimaced at it, and set it on the fencepost just beside where Shredder was bolted down.
knew?”
Cas could feel his mouth flopping open and closed. College. He’d told Dean the truth when he’d said he hadn’t been thinking that far ahead. When he did the thought scared him. His life here was so wonderful, so full of friends and security and a freedom he had never known. The thought of all that changing again so quickly was frightening.
Well, he could. He was hardly any use like this and Cas was all juiced up again. He didn’t need pathetic little Dean Winchester crying on his coattails as he tried to keep his dick-bag brothers from ripping the world to shreds again. “Wait, you said two others. Who’s leading the third faction?”
“That’s alright. We were winning when I left.” Ben said excitedly. “What’s going on, Dean? Are we under attack?”
“Hey!” Ellen barked, cuffing Dean on the back of the head. “You mess up my bar and you’re gonna spend your night scrubbing these floors with a sponge, Winchester.”
This chapter and the next are going to be fluffy as heck. I have a lot of actual plot coming up, but I figured the boys needed one more stretch to enjoy themselves before we got back into it. Enjoy and as always I’d love to hear what you think!
“Watch the horn.” Dean murmured as he leaned forward to press Cas against his door. Cas chuckled and ignored the little stick of the door lock that jabbed into the back of his head. He threw one leg up on the seat and let Dean settle his hips against his pelvis. He rolled his hips up, tilting his head back and yanking on Dean’s hair hard to watch him groan.
“Yeah she does stuff like that a lot.” She told him. “Been coming here a few years and usually has something to share with the others. Bus passes, socks, that kind of thing. I’m so glad things are starting to turn around for her.”
“So get your head out of your ass and apologize.” Bobby shrugged.
“Anyway,” Gabriel continued. “I must have done something to make sure I could find any surviving Winchesters and get to Castiel but damned if I know what it was. I found Sam in Belleville, Illinois. He was living in one of those rathole motels you boys love so much hunting down a shtriga.”
“And you thought that would be us?” Dean didn’t know whether to be flattered or pissed that the little twerp would think she could just waltz back in from beyond the grave and expect them to drop everything to help her.
He pulled himself back from the brink of a daydream, focusing on the people passing by. He had managed to make it through the day without serious incident. It would be absolutely galling to be caught off guard now. As he looked around a flash of red caught his attention, a familiar hat holding back long brown curls. The girl from the soup kitchen was standing in the shadow of the convenience-store awning across the street, shifting from foot to foot. She hugged her arms around her middle, grasping her elbows with her cream-colored gloves. She looked lovely, as always, but Cas could tell even from across the street that she was uncomfortable.
“I prefer ‘protective’,” Cas told them, “but I suppose reckless would not be entirely inaccurate.”
Why was it so important? Cas had a point. Dean was certainly no stranger to bending the rules when it suited him. But not about important shit. Yeah, he’d stolen on occasion, but only when they were younger. When Sam had needed something and John wasn’t around to ask for money. And yeah, he’d hustled pool plenty growing up on the road. It was a quick, easy, and slightly less illegal way to get some money in his pocket and food in their stomachs than straight up thievery. He’d cheated on a few tests in high school, just to get through a class. And as Cas had already pointed out, the laws of driving we completely open to interpretation as far as Dean was concerned.
The girl laughed. “Oh, for the love of Dad, Cassie this boy is about as perceptive as a lump of mammoth shit. I don’t know how you tolerate him.”
“Yeah, me too, Chuck.” Gabriel nodded. With one last glance at Cas Sam left, Chuck following along behind. Gabriel and Cas stood for a moment in silence before Gabriel threw his arm around Cas’s shoulders.
“What do you mean, ‘for you’?” Dean asked.
“Yeah, you been a dick for a while now.” Benny smiled. “Been since about the time that Chavelle rolled on the lot.”
Bobby scoffed. “I ain’t on his side if he’s being a whiny little pissant.” He said, slapping Castiel’s shoulder hard enough to make him stumble sideways. “Besides, ain’t no sides to this one. You two are good together. End of story. So being on your side
“We were just coming to tell ya congrats again on makin’ it through high school.” Benny rumbled to Cas.
“See you guys later. Stay out of trouble.”
Dean shrugged, placing his foot on the coffee can to pull the knife free with a metallic squeal. “Sure, sometime. If your mom doesn’t mind.”
Gabriel sniffed. “Yeah.” She sighed, dropping her head back to Lisa’s shoulder. “Sorry ‘bout the fireworks, Dean-o. But you get my point?”
“That sounds perfect, thank you.” Lisa smiled.
When they emerged from Cas’s bedroom they found Gabriel had changed into a clean set of clothing and returned to the shop to rescue Curtis. Dean seemed to realize that Cas could have just changed into his own clean clothes too, but didn’t say anything about Cas’s choice to try the toga for a bit. It was comfortable, and fun to try the strange garment for a bit while the dryer hummed in the background. Despite Gabriel’s king-sized sheet Sam struggled to keep his decency as they lounged about, making Dean laugh every time he snatched the edge of the sheet to avoid what Dean called a “tip slip”. When their clothing dried they changed and Sam suggested a Mario Kart tournament. It ended pretty much as Castiel would have guessed, with the Winchesters battling while Cas perched on the arm of the sofa to watch. They had a long list of rules to play this game that Cas was fairly sure weren’t standard, like having to choose the worst car and tire combinations for the hardest levels. A lot of yelling, a bit of shoving, and a tie broken when Dean managed to shoot Sam with a blue shell inches before the finish led to Dean’s victory. He smugly informed Sam that it would be a cold day in hell when Sam knew his way around a car better, even one that was shaped like a pink cartoon cat.
Sam nodded. As if this all made perfect sense. “Well I’m not the same. But I’m not anything dangerous. I’m me.”
“I was kinda getting around to asking that, yeah.” With a quick last kiss Dean pushed to his feet. “But first let’s get this baby up and running and get Zedmore’s car out of here before Bobby kills him.”
All the amusement drained out of Cas at the thought of some girl seeing Dean mostly naked. Of course he knew Dean had dated people before, many people, if Ash’s stories were to be believed, but he tried hard not to think about anyone else touching Dean, kissing him.
“Castiel’s going to join the fencing club!” Alfie gasped as they spilled out.
“Sure.” She shrugged, popping one of the monstrous cakes in a paper box and shoving it in the microwave. Dean paid and gathered up the food, flashing a grateful smile as the brunette offered a little cardboard tray and a plastic spork. He was about halfway back to the stands when he heard an all-too-familiar voice.
“Ah.” Castiel said, smoothing his shirt and trying to keep his eyes on his own hands. For some reason he felt almost compelled to look at this man - really look - but he was also very sure that he did not want to upset him with his ‘creepy stare’. The result must have looked equally strange as he flicked his eyes back and forth between the man’s face and his shoes. “Thank you for your assistance.”
He crossed to the bed, lowering himself back until he lay flat against Cas’s comforter. He could practically hear Cas’s heart rate spiking as he tilted his head back against the pillows and breathed in, letting his ribcage expand and his back arch.
,” he said, jerking his head in Cas’s direction, “is standing right there. And he doesn’t like to share.”
“Hey, Cas.” Cas looked up to find Sam dropping into the seat beside him, a timid smile on his face.
It didn’t seem Gabe wanted an actual answer yet, though. “Cas has been shut in his room for twenty-four hours without a goddamn peep. I think he got up to piss around three this morning but other than that I haven’t seen hide nor hair of him. What did you
“I was a doll, Ellen.” Gabe assured her.
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked. “There are truths which are evil.” Again he thought of Raphael, of the delight he took in hurting other people.
“That’s what they wrote on my locker. ‘Faggot’. It’s such a ridiculous word.”
They all laughed and kept moving. Jo’s mother’s bar - the Roadhouse, she called it - was just a few streets away, and by the time they made it there Castiel’s shoulders were starting to ache under the weight of Alfie’s bag. Jo led them inside and straight to one of the booths at the back, where Castiel immediately slid to a seat. Alfie glanced at him guiltily but Castiel smiled.
