Jimmy had one hand resting on the shoulder of his wife, wedding band obvious on his ring finger. His wife and daughter both had long fair hair, probably blonde, and Dean could only imagine that all three of them had blue eyes.
you put your mind to.” Dean closed his mouth, teeth clicking together. Right. Castiel looked between the two, and his gaze turned assessing. Dean could practically see the gears turning in his head.
“I’m aware,” Castiel replied, wiping away the blood with the back of his hand, “but no one else can know about this. You'll understand why once I tell you.” He withdrew a small leather pouch from beneath his shirt and held it out to her. “I need your help.”
The more he learned about these people - Castiel was making this harder for everyone, again. He was pulling Dean into the grave he’d already made for himself. Charlie would soon follow, if it came to that. At least he had gotten the chance to give Gabriel the warning he needed at lunch. He clenched his jaw, and turned his head to the side. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I’m fine!” Dean bit out, but Castiel’s attention had turned to another sound, one outside the house and getting closer.
“Course is looking good. No current debris in our trajectory. We should reach the Gate in a couple weeks no problem. I’ll keep you updated.”
. Hope for you guys yet.” The screen behind him flickered to life.
“She’s hiding. She’s not stupid.” Balthazar opens the door to his room and waltzes in like he owns the place, coming around the desk. Meg stays in the doorway and leans against the frame.
Ugh. Old movie references went right over his head. “You want a beer or what?”
It made sense that Charlie would realize it within a few days. Most people wouldn’t see the obvious signs and connect the dots; technologically impaired, no knowledge of modern culture but extensive knowledge of old myth and lore, stilted speech and behavior – it all pointed to a Preserver. Charlie had always been interested in them, and so had Sammy for that matter.
“-emergency personnel that volunteered to brave the meteor field report that it was too dangerous to brave a landing. They predict there will be no survivors on the surface.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to alarm you.” Castiel’s voice said, coming from Dean’s comm.
Dean looked back at Sam.
“What, reading?”
When he didn’t respond, Charlie bumped his shoulder. “Dean? You okay?”
Actually, this wasn't so bad. Cas was definitely the weird third wheel, but he didn't say much and didn't intrude in a bad way. As Dean finished eating, he half-listened to Charlie get into a discussion with Cas about the viability of shapeshifters turning into more than one animal (the nerds), only vaguely aware when she took her empty plate to the sink and left the room for a brief couple of minutes. After a long day of work, it was nice to be able to not have to concentrate on anything for too long, so it took him a while to realize he was seeing Charlie gesturing at him when she reentered the room to stand by the sink. Dean always sat against the wall facing the door, and Cas currently sat opposite him with his back to Charlie and didn’t notice the motion when Dean did. Curious, Dean took his almost empty plate over to the sink, turning to Charlie.
“Jess, c’mon, we have to-“ Sam started, turning, until he saw Castiel standing between them. With no effort at all, Castiel had caught Jess by the neck, lifting her off her feet. She scrabbled to free herself, but Castiel was too strong to even notice the effort.
If he wasn’t as enormous as he was, Dean sometimes would’ve been skeptical of Sammy’s alpha status.
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Now that he wasn’t looking down into the AGF light, Sam’s face was calm and open again.
Sam’s hands couldn’t stop shaking.
Castiel ran hard towards the house, but he only got past two downed trees before he tripped over something that shouldn’t have been there. He fell onto wet leaves, grimacing as his hands slipped for purchase. When he turned to look at the obstacle, he stilled in place. Balthazar’s face stared back at him, unblinking, cheek pressed into the leaves. A strangled noise made its way out of his throat, and Castiel crawled away as fast as he could, stumbling upright when he found dry ground. His heart beat a tattoo in his ears, thundering too loud to hear anything else. Shakily, he dried his hands on his clothes, and knew he was staining it red.
“Garth, Bess, can you introduce them to the pack?”
. Even the friggin’ kids had known before him - both Shawn and Krissy, who had watched the whole commotion silently from the kitchen, hadn’t shown one lick of surprise at the news. Daphne and Castiel had to work with omegas who hid their class all the time, and yet they got all pissy when the roles were reversed. But now there was an FBI agent on the way, so he guessed now that they'd had a good reason for hiding. Had they been concerned that something like this would happen if any information about Castiel had gotten out?
Dean got to the AGF room before Castiel caught up, surveying the destruction. Shards of the transparent protective radiation shielding glittered in the air, and beneath the broken panel the blackened AGF metal had been cleaved in two. “Oh,
Accompanying that was the dreaded picture itself - Castiel spooning the ever-loving shit out of him from behind. Charlie had even managed to capture Dean's open mouth, drooling all over the pillow smashed under his face.
“My name is Marjorie, I’m a nurse in the ICU at the Mercy Hospital in Des Moines, where we’re looking after your father?” John had been in a coma for the past couple months, ever since he had gotten into a terrible car accident, but Dean was the one that was there, so why-?
Halfway through setting up the blood drive supplies in the room, a nurse drops by to find Castiel.
“You know, I think I’ve been too lenient with you two.” Henrickson gritted out, rubbing at his temples. Castiel hadn’t uttered one word since they’d all sat down, stonewalling with the best of them, but he finally turned his gaze from the window to Henrickson at the change in tone. From his place behind the counter, Alfie paused for a second before pretending that he
“-You two are getting two of the smallest rooms.” Jo was saying, opening up one of the doors to reveal what could only be described as the smallest dorm room he’d ever seen in his life. Dean definitely remembered these being bigger as a kid. “There are two shared bathrooms down there-“ she pointed down the hall, “with toilets and showers. You two are the lowest on the totem pole so you’re probably gonna be cleaning them. Just keep that in mind.”
“Morning run.”
“Do you do this often?” Dean gestured to the stairs.
Curious, Dean shuffled his way into the study and paused in the doorframe, listening to the news station Castiel had turned to.
Mortimer turned his attention to Dean. “Tell me, if someone released a virus so deadly that only shifters, the ones with the best immune systems, could survive, what would happen?”
Unfortunately, the door to his room is now behind Dean, so when Castiel tries to brush past him, Dean follows the movement, walking backwards to keep in front of him. “Hey, I’m sorry I woke you up,” he says with a bashful grin. “Thanks for letting me in - d'you mind if I borrow some clothes or something? Pretty worried about losing some extrem- extremities here-“
Henrickson continued tapping his fingers impatiently. He seemed to be the type of person that didn't have to wait long for anything he wanted. “You’re sure he’s still in town?” he asked again, and Dean nodded.
Sam and Jess were already waiting outside when Benny pulled up – he’d texted them during the drive over, and they approached the car with almost identical faces of concern.
Dean didn’t owe anything to the foolish alpha who had gone along with it, Castiel told himself, but he had feelings too.
“Do what?”
“Oh my god, you scared the bejesus out of me! You’re like a no scent ninja, man.”
Dean ducked to the side, trying to let his eyes adjust, and he heard voices to his right, becoming fainter and more distant. He followed them down that hallway, making sure not to trip over or run into anything, and he eventually came to a set of stairs leading down into a basement. He couldn’t hear them anymore, but basements and kidnapping sorta went hand-in-hand, so he quickly descended the stairs. To his left, he heard footsteps approaching his way, and he darted to the right, into a darkened closet filled with broken, dusty equipment. He almost tripped over the vacuum but managed to stop himself just in time, hiding in the shadows.
Dean ignored him, but after another minute, his wounded scent turned sour with anger.
Castiel nodded.
Dean gave him a few more short seconds, meeting his eyes in a question, but when Castiel didn’t protest, he leaned forward again.
He balls the clothes up, rushing back to unlock and throw open his door before he has second thoughts.
.” Dean snarled. “How long has Sam not been himself? From Hephaestus?”
“We’ve already taken care of Anna and Balthazar.” Uriel said. “We’ve tolerated your group long enough, but it looks as though all the other loose ends have been tied up.” He gestured back to Castiel’s cabin, where smoke had started to trickle out of the top of the open doorframe. That damned lamp. “We didn’t even have to kill the other two. The stunted ones do have a nasty habit of dying of sickness, don’t they?” Uriel put a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder, claws lengthening out and pricking into skin, drawing blood. He held his own dagger in his other hand, and his eyes glowed red with threat. “Now, which one of you two has the information that we’re looking for?” After both stayed silent, Uriel sighed. “What about you, Jimmy? You tell us, and we’ll get you back to your wife and daughter. I bet Castiel talked you into doing this, anyways, right?”
“It’s no problem.” Castiel replied, smiling back over his shoulder. His smile froze in place. Familiar blue eyes met his gaze, and long blond hair had replaced the short brown of before.
Henrickson’s phone rang, stopping him in the middle of his sentence, obviously surprised. He completely ignored them both and slid out of his seat, standing up.
“Hey. Come on in.” Dean replied, and stepped back to let him through.
Jimmy shook his head. “Castiel, I don’t think you understand-“
A phlebotomist could draw an arm like this sleepwalking. Castiel puts Dean’s arm just where he wants it and glances up to see Dean still staring back at him like he hung the moon. “Keep looking at me and don’t move your arm.” Dean bobs his head in acknowledgement.
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know, man. I just do. Why would he lie?”
At this point in the game, he should’ve expected it, but he really hadn’t. “Oh come
“You have your phone on you?” Dean asked finally.
The nurse turned and grabbed a cloth bag resting at the foot of the cot. “These were the only personal effects he had on him. Recognize this?” She held up an old transparent photo display, and when the screen flickered to life, Sam’s face smiled back at them.
Oh, no.
“So if you met him on a bus or something-“ Dean hypothesized, and Jess waved it off.
to reestablish the Underground on your side, save more-”
Dean wisely decided to wait until
People started to trickle in for the morning rush, bringing Castiel out of his concentration each time the bell above the door announced their presence. Daphne had already gained customers that she was certain would be regulars, and had regained customers that had been regulars before the diner had closed, and they now only glanced over once or twice to spot Castiel in his usual place. It was an improvement to the unabashed staring that had been their previous habit. Even a town as big as this one thrived on gossip, and despite the influx of college students this one got every fall, new residents were a curiosity.
Almost an hour in, Dean’s stomach growled, announcing it couldn’t take it anymore. Castiel was entertaining himself with looking through Charlie’s comic books, and looked up when Dean groaned and hopped off Charlie’s bed. They’d been making awkward eye contact every time one of them freakin’
“Look what that choice means,” Castiel continued, gesturing to the battlefield around them. “Thousands of my bretheren dead because of it. And for what purpose? To delay the inevitable?”
The floodlights were off, and only a single orange bulb shone light on the loading dock, where a van had been parked. The silhouettes of two men were dragging a smaller, unresisting form between them towards the door, and Dean heard faint whimpering sounds before the other man’s head moved, and Dean ducked behind cover again.
A hand to the back of Dean’s neck interrupted him mid-sentence. Instinctively, he ducked his head, arm coming up to knock it aside. “Don’t touch the back of my neck.” Dean warned, turning back to glare at Cas.
None of their number willingly compressed their waveforms into the physical plane. It was unpleasant, and dulled their dimensional senses into a simpler version of themselves. After watching her brothers first, she’d made this human form from an intact skeleton she’d discovered in a nearby building. They had no qualms using the human dead this way – they had done the same to her own on this graveyard of a planet, digging up and desecrating the fallen to use for their own gain.
The sky had just started lightening, turning everything grey and flat, when they arrived at Bobby’s old salvage yard. It had taken them a little under nine hours to get there, and Dean’s head felt fuzzy with exhaustion, a dull pressure starting to pound against the back of his eyes. It was a relief to see such a familiar sight.
The stares of the two women returned, prickling the back of his neck with awareness as he nodded in response. When Castiel turned and passed by the two women as he made his way to the door, he knew they would try to scent the air around him in vain. It was a habit some developed when they encountered a cover scent without another masking pheromone to hide the deception. Although it showed he was hiding something, he had no desire to use a masking pheromone. Many assumed the most likely scenario and let it go, and people thinking they knew the secret never dug for another.
“Shifting. Being a wolf. That sorta thing.”
“No problemo.”
“Don’t interrupt your brother.” Uriel told him, and leaned forward in Castiel’s direction. “I’ll swear to the First Wolf if you just answer me this one question. Do you know where it is?”
“-rope, does someone have-”
Charlie turned to them both and looped an arm around Castiel’s, “Ooookay, hi there. Want anything to drink? Or eat? Or let’s just meet the rest of the gang, yeah?” She dragged him away from Jo.
He felt himself changing, teeth and claws lengthening and pricking skin, calculating his lunge over the table to slit Mortimer’s throat open wide. Dean grabbed his arm in a vice-like grip. He wasn’t strong enough to hold Castiel back, but it was enough to jar him out of it. Castiel took a calculated breath, trying to compose himself, and looked down at the floor. He closed his hand into a fist, claws pricking into the flesh of his palm and drawing blood.
Dean found himself glaring at the carton of milk in his hand. It didn’t deserve it, but he clutched it a bit too tightly anyways and watched the edges crease under the pressure. The good mood he’d been riding high on all week from Jess’ pregnancy reveal had finally crashed hard and fast today, thanks to motherfucking
. This hotel room didn’t have anywhere secure to cuff Ruby to, not even the underside of the bathroom sink, which was regrettable, and they definitely couldn’t take her with them. That only left Dean with one other option.
“Amazing how small it is, don’t you think?” Mortimer said, offhandedly, and dropped the flashdrive on the floor beside him.
Before Castiel could knock on the door, it opened, and a man gestured them in. “Please, come in. We’ve been waiting for you.”
“Oh.” Cas looked between the two as Raz settled into his lap, curling up on top of the blankets.
Krissy remained unimpressed. “…Only if you never do that again.”
There are humans here, the scent hidden under the smell of werewolf and smoke. They have nothing to fear here – wolves don’t attack their own pack. It’s even beneficial to include different species and stressors in an environment such as this to train their wolf sides into a more social, less homicidal mindset. Which is why a few vampires sharing a bonfire with a pack for a night is not beyond the pale.
“Oh God. Benny.”
Something, he wasn’t quite sure what, made Sam look down the left passage.
Stepping in front of Krissy, Dean made an abortive movement for his gun, but Gordon interrupted with “-
Within five more minutes his leg was at it again. Maybe he really should invest in an iPod just so he had
Castiel could only watch as the two were dragged off into the night, unable to go up against four members of his own pack to save them. He paused and counted again. Four? But hunting parties always had five-
The professor was staring directly at him, eyes wide, like he
“So Castiel lives here, yes?” Dean's eyes slid back over to the pictures on the mantle.
Charlie only hummed in response.
“Oxygen and water recycling has been adjusted for the new crew additions,” Joshua’s gentle tone came through next, “but Rufus is correct in saying we didn’t get enough in the way of food supplies. We’ll do fine if we supplement with our plants and algae mass.”
“Uh huh.” Krissy replied, arms crossed. She remained unconvinced.
“Did you like it?”
Without another word, Castiel took the hand away and retreated, closing the door behind him.
He deserved it.
“I’ll be in the kitchen if you require anything of me.” Castiel said, and the officer nodded distractedly as he passed him in the hall.
The second time it had happened, Dean was seventeen, almost eighteen. Still in high school at that point – a month into senior year, at a new school called Truman High. He’d drop out before the end of the semester, at a different school, a different town, and John wouldn’t care much at all.
“Yes, yes I do, let’s just get this over with.”
Once Dean had (again) recounted the events of the last few days, to Henrickson this time, they were almost back in Lawrence. Not that Dean told him everything, of course. He’d given Henrickson a much edited version of what he had told Bobby. Henrickson had started writing something down in a little notepad he’d gotten out from an inside pocket of his suit minutes into Dean’s halting explanation, and now he tucked it back into that same pocket.
fucked. It had been easier before John had died in his accident, traveling across the States, where he could remain anonymous and never deal with the fallout from such quick hookups. Word got around a town like this, and since he planned on staying around for a while, it was not something he was too eager to do.
“Not even close.” Dean said, and finished typing the rest of a sentence before he leaned over the back of his chair and stretched, groaning when his spine cracked audibly. Benny made a face at the sound. “So how’s the perp?” Dean asked, and Benny shrugged.
“Key word there is
“What, nothing in the fridge?” a voice asked from right behind him.
“Now drink your Sprite, Dean.”
Movement out of the corner of his eye had Dean finally slowing to a stop. Ash appeared at the entrance to the medbay rooms, gesturing them closer.
Well, now he just felt bad. The floor looked like it was covered in the industrial carpet school buildings tended to have – unyielding and scratchy. It would be one hell of a night if he tried to sleep on it. “You just got shot today. You can have the bed. I’ll-“
“I should go back in.” Castiel said, reluctant, looking back up at Dean’s dark form. “Daphne’s looking for me.”
Castiel followed him out of the car. “You do know how to defend yourself much better than they can. A much higher chance of survival if something happens.”
Dean turned and looked back towards the entrance of the alleyway just as their follower gave up on secrecy and walked towards them, holding what Dean knew for a fact was a very lethal gun in the direction of their chests.
“Yes, that’s correct. My name’s Castiel,” he gestures to the side of the bed. “May I?”
Benny eyed him. “I don’t think Ruby will try anythin’ tonight, and you need’ta rest. I say wait and talk to Bobby first thing tomorrow.”
When he arrived at his bunk, he grabbed the picture frame still sitting on his desk and headed for the med bay.
The door opened a fraction and Garth stuck his head in. “Hi guys! I’m going around getting rid of the rest of the donuts I brought in from Church this morning, and you three are looking mighty stressed in here.” The white box slid into the room as Garth leaned further in. “They’re
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Dean interrupted, and turned over to face the wall, back to Castiel.
Castiel took a ridiculous amount of time in the shower. Dean groaned when his brain supplied that Cas might be Up To Something, and threw his head back, knocking it against the headrest of the couch. Dammit. He just needed to not think about it.
“Heyyy Bobby, I thought you were going straight home,” he said, as Bobby kept glaring.
Dean led him up the stairs and into his bedroom.
Ash shrugged. “We have a few options. Medication to put him way under at night, locked doors, putting a watch on nights. It’s all up to you guys and Sam, really.”
“Winchester. Where are you right now?”
Once his feet were under him, Dean didn’t waste any time in dropping Castiel’s hand and making his way out of room. He paused at the doorway to glance back at Castiel, gesturing him to follow, before he disappeared into the hallway.
Dean had never been pistol-whipped before now. It hurt like a bitch. His vision blinked out, and he somehow ended up kneeling on the ground, held up only by the rough grip Gordon had on his collar, when it fuzzed back. He tasted blood in his mouth. “Now, now, Dean. Be a good omega. Don’t make this worse for yourself.”
“Hello,” Castiel nods at him, not coming closer just yet.
Castiel looked over Benny’s shoulder, desperate for an escape and looking for Daphne, when he spotted a familiar face at the far end of the building.
Dean let out a string of curses in his head. She had barricaded herself behind a locked door, giving her the time she needed to completely ruin him and weather the repercussions, but he could probably break down the door if he tried hard enough. He was seriously considering it until his butt vibrated.
good piece of info. So I’m done playing nice.” He leaned forward over the table, pinning Castiel with a stare. “I couldn’t figure you out before, but I think I’ve got it now. Tell me, how long did it take for-“
Daphne came forward from where she had paused at the doorway, and Dean finally had the time to really look at her. Loose curls of brown hair barely touched her shoulders, and her large hazel eyes gave her face a warm and open feel. She definitely looked the part of a stable and caring omega. “Krissy is upstairs in our guest room – I got her settled down. Well, as much as I can before Castiel comes back.” She smiled at him. “I’m sorry, we haven’t been properly introduced yet. I’m Daphne Allen.” Dean shook the offered hand.
side of the Forests that night.”
The screen blurred in front of him as Raz started purring.
“Dean, that’s not your brother!”
Dean finally looked over from the driver’s seat, eyes darting off the road for a moment. They were halfway back to his apartment, based on the street names sliding by. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
“So Jessica is in danger again?” Castiel asked, concerned.
“You want a reason?” the man asked, amused. “I can give you one.” He said something in a guttural language that Dean didn’t understand, but Castiel almost ripped Dean’s arm off getting to the phone in response.
As for the negatives, well. Castiel was well versed in tamping down emotions when he needed to.
Neither did a full night’s rest.
“So…rough day, huh?”
Krissy stopped and Dean did the same, catching the small inconsistency for real this time. The footsteps stopped a moment too late.
“There’s nothing we can do for him now, Dean!” Castiel said as Dean tried to pry away from him.
“That’s not my decision to make.”
Castiel went worryingly still, muscles coiled and tense, ready to explode into action at any moment. Henrickson raised his hands, palms facing outward in a peaceable gesture as soon as he saw the change, but Castiel ignored it as his eyes scanned the rest of the apartment, obviously planning escape and looking for more enemies. Dean became very aware of his placement between Castiel and the door when Castiel looked behind him, and their eyes met. Castiel’s accusatory stare cut right through him, and when Castiel turned his back on Dean once again to face Henrickson, so did the purposeful dismissal.
“Hey guys?” Pam said from her corner of the room, once Benny and Jo had already gone through the airlock back into the antechamber. “Did you see any damage to our radio receptors as well?
so that was what they were doing. Well, Castiel was doing. Dean was doing his very best not to spiral into madness in this musty smelling hell-hole called the library basement. It was so quiet that they could probably hear a moth fart at twenty paces, and Dean had become intensely aware of one flickering light a few rows over that was
(See the end of the chapter for
A nurse a few beds down saw them stop and made her way over to them. “Excuse me, can I help you two?” When she saw who they had stopped in front of, her eyes sharpened. “Do you know this man?”
almost ruined everything.”
“So he was in the diner waiting for Daphne to get off work after he couldn’t find Krissy?”
Henrickson tried to reign in the volume of his voice to a more reasonable level. “How is it pointless to know how so many were killed? We are
“No, guess I’m not,” Dean replied. He remained standing and tossed the photo display to Castiel, who caught it just in time. “I believe this is yours.”
When the motel door opened a bit after midnight, Castiel wasn’t expecting Dean to come stumbling in.
As payment for his services, he’ll receive the expired blood products that would’ve otherwise been tossed, and retain them for himself and his coven. It’s a system that has worked well for vampire interspecies relationships across the Northwest.
“Her office?” Castiel asked. Dean had completely forgotten he was there.
“I look forward to seeing you in the future, Dean,” Castiel calls after him.
Charlie sat up quickly from her sprawl on the couch. “Ohmygod I met him yesterday!”
Dean licked his lips, considering. “Not as far as I can throw him.”
“Yes. What, did I do it wrong?”
He closed his eyes and knocked his phone against his throbbing forehead. Maybe if he hit himself with it hard enough, this whole morning would just - go away.
Sam pushed himself backwards, out of the airlock.
Dean winced at the noise.
Not even when he had fallen down that hole in the ground had Sam felt deathly afraid before.
His body lifted his hands in front of his face, observing them as they flexed the fingers into a tight fist and then relaxed them again. His hands dropped out of sight, and the void of space, studded with distant stars, filled his visor. Sam could feel his eyes dart from star to star, head turning, until his vision fixed on one in particular.
“Sorry kid, we’re not letting anyone through here that hasn’t been verified yet. You’ll just have to stay put for now.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “You…Have you always ridden a bike over here?”
Jo glanced over at Ellen for confirmation, but then nodded, still hesitant.
This time, he was very aware of the fact that seeing Dean more exposed than he’d ever been before had reduced him to nonsensical sentences and sweaty palms in the space of a couple heartbeats.
"We haven't encountered an alien race that looks like us yet." Joshua added.
“You don’t know that,” Dean grumbled, and Castiel almost smiled at his recalcitrance.
Sam took out a bottle of pills from his pocket and rattled it in answer. Dean looked at it but didn’t comment.
The young man just nodded and jerked a thumb over his shoulder to the room behind him. The workers all had individual cubicles, and Castiel already knew where Charlie’s was. He thanked the young man and made his way back to her station. All sorts of strange paraphernalia covered her space; plastic figurines of humans and monsters, posters of the same, pinups of very beautiful ladies in very…suggestive poses. Castiel wondered if the last ones were even allowed in a workplace.
“No- Dean,” Sam is still laughing between breaths from behind Castiel, “stop- what are you doing-“
“You can crash here for the night if you can’t make it home,” Dean offered, but Castiel shook his head. “Alright, do you need a ride?”
Dean glanced out the window to find the sun setting already, rust colored hues slowly bleeding darker; it was evening, but he wasn’t going to wait until tomorrow to finally confront Samuel, and this definitely needed to be face-to-face. Dean wasn’t even going to give him a warning call. Not like he could, anyway. He’d deleted Samuel’s number already. He shrugged on a jacket and snatched his keys from the front hall, slamming the door behind him as he made his way to the Impala. As soon as Dean got in and started the engine, he was pulling out of the driveway and driving west, heading towards the Campbell warehouse.
“Sam,” Gordon returned.
“Holy shit.” Jo breathed. “We’re alive.” The sound of talking was muffled and far away.
Personal space, right, that was a thing. Dean pulled back a little. “Sorry, shoulda asked first.” But then he inched forward again. “But can I see?”
was the same man Jess couldn’t him give any info on?
“Nope. Just said the info wasn’t important anymore.”
So Ruby wouldn’t hear, Dean ducked into the bathroom before answering. “Bobby. What’s up?”
“Yes.” That seemed to amuse Dean for some reason.
“No doubt. Is Castiel with you?” Dean and Castiel’s eyes met.
Rolling his eyes, Sam headed back into the kitchen, likely to make something gross like a
“Wait, how do you know she’s in town? Are you sure?”
running into Castiel until he’d descended the stairs for the second time to do a circuit of the house. When he didn’t see him on the first floor, Dean checked the basement and then went back to the second floor to check the other bedroom. The house was empty.
. As soon as the doors of the diner had been unlocked and the sign in the window flipped to OPEN, Castiel retreated and retrieved his worn maroon backpack, stuffed under the counter in its usual place. Daphne called out a soft and customary, “Thank you, Castiel!” but she only got a bleary grunt in response. He took his regular seat in the back of the diner, backpack between his legs. Daphne whisked by and rewarded him with coffee before leaving him be. They didn’t speak much in the mornings before they'd done their warm-up routines, and the only other person in the building was the cook, but he just whistled tonelessly and ignored the both of them, concentrating on his work.
Castiel knelt down beside the bed to get down to eye level. “Charlie, tell me what you know of the Preserves.”
“Yeah, whatever.” Dean said, and closed the door in his face with a little more force than necessary.
“Shawn?” he mumbled. What was he doing here? Castiel had thought Shawn would have gone to Daphne’s room instead of his if he needed anything. Maybe Castiel was a more familiar presence, since he had helped Shawn once before.
“Do you have something less disgusting?” Castiel asked. The alcohol back at the Roadhouse had been better than this.
Four more silently emerged from the blind spots of the cars around them. They were dressed in regular black suits, but they all had a blood red line painted down the middle of their faces, showing what they really were.
“Why?”
“And you didn’t trust the police to do it?” Annoyance sharpened Dean’s tone.
For a breathless second, Sam instinctually put out his arm as he plummeted, breath frozen in his chest.
“Yeah. He was already dating Jess, but once he met Ruby they broke up. Anyways, she was bad news from the beginning. Got Sammy into drugs, Red specifically. Her family had a lot of connections to drug rings and trafficking and shit, but Sammy wasn’t – well, let’s just say it was a bad time for everyone.”
Crawling over to the next booth, Dean ignored him for the moment, and quickly peered over the bottom of the window, scanning for Henrickson. His eyes caught on the dark suit, prone on the sidewalk, a red stain spreading over the pavement. Dean ducked back down. Fuck.
“You don’t know that.” Castiel snapped, moving, and Dean freaked out a little before he realized Castiel was slowly pacing the living room in aggressive steps, still between Dean and Henrickson. It seemed he really did believe that Preservers were still after him. Had he been on the run all this time, thinking he had to hide? There were plenty of people, like Jessica, ready to help anyone from the Underground, yet Castiel had been homeless for at least a year before Daphne, and hadn’t told anyone but her of his background. “How did you find me?”
“Cassie, you sly fox! I didn’t know you liked dogs!”
He spent the first hour scouring the hangars for the name, but Charis Station was huge, and Sam spent a lot of time avoiding people who looked like they’d stop him.
“And Shawn also told me about how you got him out of trouble a few weeks ago.”
Before Benny had finished his sentence, Castiel tried to walk past Dean and out of the alleyway. Dean put his hand out to stop him. “Whoa, whoa, whoa," he said, backing up a few steps to keep Castiel in front of him. "Where are you going? You need to stay so we can get a statement.”
He wasn’t grinning. He wasn’t. “Stop that.” Dean told his reflection. It didn’t listen.
“You saw him? In person?” suddenly the voice was a lot sharper, more intense.
“Wow. That’s way better than my answer.”
Eager, Sam leans towards Castiel. "I can't believe it lasted that long! I've heard - well, vampires get stronger as they get older, right?"
“Ugh, yes.”
“Sam Winchester?” someone behind him said, close enough to not have to yell. Sam turned around. A man he’d never seen before stood right next to him, unmoved by the crowd. He looked like an accountant who had just left his office in his suit and tie to flee, disheveled trenchcoat and all, but something was off about him.
The single room he’d managed to snag this school year had at first been a blessing, but it had come with an awful caveat – being on the first floor, right next to the dorm building entrance scanner. Any drunk students who somehow managed to lock themselves out in the cold, unforgiving Minnesota winter would inevitably wake him up, begging to be let in.
instead of what he was currently doing, but for now Dean felt as though they were currently hovering at a weird tipping point, and he wasn't gonna mess with it. Henrickson hounded Castiel every day, meeting them every day at Daphne's diner to check on Castiel, and to remind both of them of his presence. He was becoming increasingly fed up with Castiel's continuing unwillingness. Castiel still wouldn’t even give him the time of day, which only made Henrickson angrier, and Dean liked those moments a lot more than he should. Of course, Dean actually had to keep Bobby updated daily as well with a short call, but nothing
“Well, he was part of it when the whole network was destroyed, and the only survivor we’ve ever been able to confirm made it out. Ever since then, all efforts to reestablish it have failed, and we need to know why.”
“That’s-“ Castiel paused. “A matter for another time, perhaps. But first, I need to know what’s on that flash drive without the old Hierarchy finding out about it, like last time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Drawing back a little, Dean blinked at Castiel. With the scars on his arms, it was obvious that Castiel knew exactly what Dean was so worried about - had lived through it. But that didn't stop Dean from feeling horribly exposed. Every single time he’d been found out on accident, something terrible
“Wha-?”
The shockwave hit, throwing everyone to the side, only held in their seats by their harnesses. People started to scream, but Sam could only clutch at his harness for dear life. For a sickening moment, the shuttle rolled like a festival ride before going into freefall.
For all of their problems, this isolated reprieve had distanced the anxiety and urgency that had gone along with them. Any news they got from this point on would be bad. Castiel couldn’t see a rosy future ahead, but he didn’t have to face it just yet. He could just spend time with Dean and ignore it all for a while. Castiel wished it could go on forever.
“There is- a way.” Castiel told him. “Come. We should be in the cockpit.”
“I’m losing my temper.” Castiel said, opening his eyes again.
“…I’ll do that.” she said, “Okay, yeah, I’ll talk to you after.” Ending the call, she pulled the phone away from her face to look at it, narrowing her eyes. When Charlie finally turned to Castiel again, she tucked her phone into her back pocket. “Well, Dean said you could go up and watch the movie at his place. I did sorta push him into joining us at the beginning, so he probably won’t give you the most welcoming reception ever. I told you before - he gets really defensive over-“ she waved a hand vaguely, “- y'know.”
“Were you responsible for the search on a Castiel Novak three days ago?”
Dean slouched back into his seat. “Thanks.”
When they weren’t together, Dean checked his email in between the stronger waves of his heat, catching up with Charlie and the rest of his family and friends that he could get a hold of through her.
Castiel nodded and brushed past him, and when Dean entered the bathroom, the humidity was so thick it was like walking into a sauna. He refused to think about the smell.
Ellen turned to Ash. "Ash?"
Pam turned off the speaker immediately. Everyone in the room had frozen in place, watching Castiel, who had turned to look out the cockpit window, head cocked to the side. In the time since Charis Station, everyone had become used to his unassuming presence to a certain extent, and now it had been ripped away.
Sam sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. It was gonna be like that, was it?
and he’d have to look away. That wasn’t a thought he could dwell on for long.
When Charlie had caught her breath, she swiveled in her chair to face him fully. “Whew. Okay, what do you need, Castiel? Having more problems?”
Dean glanced to Bobby briefly, who nodded in response, before facing Henrickson. “Castiel won’t meet me tonight, but he said he’d come to my apartment at five tomorrow.”
One of the miners put out a hand to steady him.
“We should work on pinning her with possession charges instead of waitn’ on her to make a move on Jess,” Benny supplied, and Bobby nodded.
When he recovered enough, Dean hovered a hand over his comm. He didn’t know who to call. Ellen? Bobby? He brought up his contact list and dialed the first one.
“Dean, get back inside,” Castiel said, quiet as he could.
Ash was in the med bay as well, looking at the screen at his desk station. He looked up as Dean entered.
As Castiel approached the door, it swung outwards, revealing Jimmy in his travelling clothes.
Sam let out an understanding, "Oh", and traded a look with Jess. When Dean glared at Benny, the man only shrugged, unrepentant.
He dropped in front of the cage, and the girl stared at him with large, glassy eyes, still bound and gagged. “I’m gonna get you out of here, okay?” he whispered to her, and fumbled his wallet out for the lock-pick kit he always carried with him. It came in handy at the best of times.
In the first two hours, he decided they’d want to stay in a motel for the night so they could be at their best when they met Henrickson’s boss, and because he couldn’t make the whole trip without going absolutely insane. It had nothing to do with the length of the trip. He’d done longer stretches, with more annoying passengers, but he’d never been in a confined space with Castiel without scent blockers on.
Castiel wasn’t going to correct him. He’d give Dean anything he asked for, and keep the rest to himself.
For several minutes, Dean just watched the screen without paying even the slightest attention to it. His entire focus was on the man beside him. Even though he couldn’t see what was happening, he could feel the moment Castiel started petting Raz, first gently and then with confidence when she didn’t try to avoid the touch.
Dean shook his head in disbelief. “Jesus, Charlie. Gettin’ right down to it, aren’t’cha?”
“Sucks.”
“911, what’s your emergency?”
Shocked murmurs spread through the crowd.
Arousal sparked through his veins at the confession, but after a second Castiel sighed in regret. “Dean,” he said, and Dean pulled back to look at him, “you’re very drunk.”
He’d probably fallen through a weakened area when he’d gone off the marked trail.
“No, I just wanted to survey the property.” Cas moved into the kitchen, out of sight. “You don’t have to worry about anyone recognizing me. I wasn’t in my human form.”
“Go home, Dean.” Bobby finally said, as the sun began to set. Dean remained at the scene, hovering, watching forensics pore over every inch of the place. The only other thing he’d done was wash the blood off of his hands before his report to Rufus.
Castiel sighs. “Dean, Sam, this is Balthazar and Meg. Balthazar, Meg,” he gestures forward, “Dean and Sam.”
Following the directions given at one of the desks, Sam taped the sensors to the side of his skull and behind his ears. The neon outline of the public forum unfolded in front of him, extending past the edges of this small room. Other users walked past him, just outlines of people moving around, half-transparent. Sam looked around for a second before searching through the directory floating in front of him. There was a personal electronic store a few blocks from where he was, but for that he’d need access to his payment account – maybe it would be cheaper to buy a new comm?
This time, there wasn’t a crowd surrounding the shuttle. Buildings surrounded the empty courtyard, looming over Sam and Jess, watching them with grayed windowpanes. The sky had been stained a dark red, with clouds boiling black on the horizon.
Besides the paramedics, the diner soon crawled with cops, canvassing the scene and waiting for forensics. Bobby even called Rufus in after they got the story from Dean, suspecting a shooter with a military background, with the necessary military-grade rifle that had the kind of firepower to make a bullet go through Henrickson and a window before burying itself in the back wall. Castiel remained missing, although a small spray of blood found on the sidewalk (beside the road that Dean had seen the car turn onto) made his stomach turn uneasily. Had Castiel been shot as well? Was
“What is your relationship to the omega?”
“I’m sorry. Dean is not in a position to help, at the moment. There’s an FBI agent that he currently has to answer to.”
It was relatively easy to avoid detection when they changed schools every couple of months. No one really had the opportunity to find out about him since Dean never went anywhere without a cover scent, and John had gotten him on suppressants after the first time there'd been trouble. Suppressants cost a good amount of money, and they struggled to make ends meet anyways, so he’d gone without them for years to make sure he got enough food on the table to feed Sammy when John was out for the count. After a huge fight the year before with two teenage alphas at the beginning of a heat, he’d been sent to Sonny’s omega safe-house. John had left him there for a good long while, without explanation. He'd finally picked him up of course, and wordlessly taken Dean to the nearest free clinic for suppressants. When he wasn’t drinking or just straight-up gone, John had tried. Badly, but he'd tried.
“Yup.” Dean meets his gaze head on, and Castiel takes a moment to appreciate the perfect symmetry and structure of his face, the clear green tone of his eyes. Vampires are known for their appreciation for beautiful things, and Castiel, being as old as he is, is no exception to that. “What?” Dean scoffs, when Castiel takes too long to respond. “I’m not turning down mind altering anything just because I’m a werewolf and you’re a vamp.” Lower, he says, “I need all the help I can get, here. I hate hospital sh- uh, stuff.”
“Go away!” That was definitely Cas. His voice was deeper and more strained than usual, like he was in pain. That was concerning.
“No, I’d prefer to walk.” Castiel didn’t think he would ever get used to cars. He passed Daphne to get a granola bar from the cabinet, and she handed him a mug of coffee when he turned back around. “Thank you, Daphne,” Castiel murmured.
Shawn darted in, and Castiel turned to his side, facing away and towards the wall. He felt Shawn scoot in so they were almost back to back. A sharp familiar pang shot through his chest at the feeling of a little body so close, and he screwed his eyes shut.
Castiel hopes the glare he sends Dean’s way can strip paint.
It only takes a few long moments for everyone around the fire to turn and face the new arrivals, conversations trailing off into expectant silence. Castiel scans the faces lit up in the light of the bonfire. Dean and Sam are absent.
“Don’t make me shoot the lady.” A warning, all calm and collected. In charge.
But when he inhaled again, that same omega scent washed over him. Oh, God. It was just like John had told them about, that first time he met Mary, that same reaction to the other person.
Silence again. Goddammit.
Dean nodded. “She was Sam’s supplier when they were in Des Moines, but it’s a family business thing. From what Sammy told me, her father is a big name in drug rings all over the place.”
Charlie looked thoughtful.
“I don’t want excuses, you little rat. Unless you got money to pay for-“
“Man, I was really drunk last time if I couldn’t tell how much of a newbie you are at this,” Dean chuckled. Before Castiel could get offended, he continued, “It’s kinda doing something for me. Never spent a heat with anyone, have you?”
“You’re weird, man.”
“Why? You’re a freaking alpha, you don’t have to hide anything,” Krissy said with some heat, glaring at him.
Dean tapped his chin. “You know, it does. I went on a camping trip this one time for a few months, and my brother never got my text telling him that so he freaked out. He gets that way sometimes.”
A figure had been standing at the table opposite the hotel beds, and turned sharply at their entrance. “Oh shi-“ Ruby said, before Dean tackled her.
It chafed when he was completely ignored for hours and hours at a time as they went about their daily business separately, until Dean deigned to track him down again.
Sam hesitated for a moment before he turned down the straight hallway.
Sam had to shake his head. “No, I met him on the evac shuttle. What will happen for him now?”
There’s a cart waiting for him downstairs in the lab, patient labels printed out and ready to go. He peruses the supplies on the cart, noting with satisfaction that the other phlebotomists have left his stash of the good supplies relatively unscathed. The techs from the blood bank station of the lab wave at him as he passes by. He’ll join them later, to work in the windowless heart of the hospital until the sun goes down and he’s able to leave.
Was this a test, to see if Castiel would trust him? Or would Mortimer take it as his own as soon as he had it? Castiel listened for the guards, but no one had approached them since AJ had left them.
There was dead silence over the line as Ellen took that in. “How did the AGF get destroyed?”
At that, Dean slaps his free hand to his forehead and groans. “Ah shit, Jim’s gonna kill me. I was supposed to stay with him. Got distracted.” He eyes his plate of food woefully.
“Many people still have connections to the Old Hierarchy. The borders between our two societies are much more flexible than you think.” He sighed. “It was inevitable that they would use someone close by. Ruby might have already been living here before she got word of me.”
grossness ahead, be advised!
"No! Not without Jess!" Sam growled, and his eyes caught on the closed shuttle door on the other side of the ship’s hull.
Finished with their search, they both got into the car, Dean taking the driver’s seat. He didn’t know if Cas even knew how to drive. He tossed the atlas into Cas’ lap.
He just couldn’t get a hint, could he? “Really? You want to do this conversation now?”
Castiel pointed at it. “It’s also called the Northern Cross. I know it as the Swan. See the bright star to the left? Straight up from the tall tree over there?” Dean made a sound of agreement. “That’s the tail, and the three other stars follow the Milky Way in a line. The two bright stars perpendicular to the second one are the wings.”
She shrugged and kept hold of his hand.
“Too late.” Sam clapped a hand on the back of Dean’s shoulder and dragged him along with it. He’d never live down that picture.
"Tessa?" Castiel remembered the name from Henrickson's last conversation.
around.”
“Yup.” Sam motioned him back to the kitchen, papers from work still in hand. Dean didn’t know how he could read while walking without running into anything. “Hey, can you go and tell Jess that you’re here? She’s with a client.”
“What about Castiel? Is he-“ Castiel’s head turned sharply to the window, and he sat up, not paying attention to the two outside his door anymore.
They picked up the rest of the cans in silence before Castiel couldn’t help himself any longer. “What mixed signals?”
Dean glanced over cursorily at Benny from his slump in the passenger seat before looking back at the road. His leg bounced on the floorboards. “Well?” he snapped, “Spit it out, Benny. The good ‘I told you so’ and all that shit.”
“Was that supposed to make me feel better?” They both knew that even though that was the case, a bullet to the brain would kill anyone. If Castiel was still alive, Dean needed to find him, fast, before the sniper did.
if you don’t take the safety off.
Anna stepped down into the ash that blew across the courtyard, swirling between the remains of the buildings around her. Most of her brethren remained in their true forms, hanging in the sky above this place, but a few of her brothers had made themselves into physical human forms, and walked on the surface here.
“Yes, some people don’t shift as well as others.” At Dean’s squint, Castiel went on, “I’ve not had much experience with the people who struggle with the change. I ran with a pack that had to be very proficient at shifting. Even so, there were a few cases where a pack member had to leave if the change got too difficult for them or, in one case, they got stuck in one form.”
No. They couldn’t - why were they coming here? Was it the police? Had Dean called someone? Castiel bolted to his dresser on shaky legs and dropped down to feel the underneath. When his fingers encountered the familiar shape, he grabbed and pulled, breaking the tape from the wooden underside and revealing a small leather pouch, which he strung around his neck. The sirens were very close, noticeable to even a T-3, and Daphne paused in the middle of speaking as Castiel hurriedly pulled on some pants.
“I did. Is he feral? Is that why they’re sending me?”
“Ow! Jesus, dude, get off-“ Dean said, trying to get the phone back, but Castiel was stronger than he was, and held him at bay as he listened to the man on the other end of the line.
“Noted. We can keep you two on a different shift, maybe have Sam help Pamela with navigation in the cockpit. Sound good?”
When Dean sees the low dais Castiel’s chair rests on, he almost hesitates, but then Castiel stands up and steps down to meet him, holding a hand out. “Hello, Dean.”
"Stir-crazy?” Sam asked, and Jess pointed the fry at him in confirmation.
A day later, all of the crew had gathered in the cockpit to watch the red lights slide past their ship – close enough to visibly see them from just looking out the window. In space, that was very, very close.
Most of the mechanics raised their hands. Bobby caught Dean’s eye.
When no one enters, Castiel frowns and gets up from his desk. When he opens the door, no one is there. He looks down the hallway and then towards the entrance, the door just sliding shut, flakes of snow jumping in the air flow.
“Another order came for a few of us vanguards. You understand.”
As soon as they were both in the car, Dean peeled away from the curb.
“Red light, say goodnight, prepare to die in bloody fright? That Great Cloud?” There were children’s rhymes about the occupied territory of space the fringe colonies like Middleroad found themselves bordering. None of them were very cheery.
Dean tried to contain himself. “I’ll tell you if you come over here, Sammy.”
Silence.
“I’ve been busy with other things.” Castiel said louder this time, petulant.
Getting pistol-whipped a second time was just as unpleasant as the first time.
Sam turned his attention from the window to the stranger, only to find him passed out in his seat, held upright by his harnesses, blood dripping from his nose.
“Sorry, Cal,” Sam muttered to himself. With the helpfully provided map to guide him, Sam would have no problems finding the rest of the stations ship hangars, but he'd need to search them all to find Dean. Sam knew that’s where he’d be. He didn’t remember ever being on Charis Station, but they had both been born here, and Dean remembered travelling to Charis when their mom was still alive and piloting the Impala.
Did Ruby know about this? Sam thought hysterically, then had to conclude that yes, she did. There was no way she couldn’t know what was happening. And she still expected Sam to just go along with it?
Pausing at his laborious typing, Castiel sighed and admitted defeat. He needed help. Again. The damnable contraptions called laptops were terribly hard to get used to. Daphne had showed him the basics, but she wasn’t here now. He had only seen her briefly that morning after his nightmare, but he’d had to walk to campus early to switch his Class Relations to another time, one in which the professor didn’t know the name of Jimmy. Daphne had stayed home to meet with Child Protective Services, and to apply for emergency and full guardianship for both children. She could do what she wanted; she owned the diner, and the house, and would not be hurting for money anytime soon. And now, what Daphne wanted now included giving both Krissy and Shawn a roof over their heads and enough food to feed an army. No doubt she soon would rope Castiel into helping Krissy get a GED, since he had gotten his own not so long ago.
“I-yeah, that’s a good idea.” Sam had looked pretty pale when he’d bolted, but he should’ve been reoriented by now.
“Hm. Well, like I said. I’m fine.” No one liked getting put in a stranglehold, but he couldn’t bring himself to
He groaned again.
“I think you should hold off on that to tomorrow,” Samuel said, and Sam bristled in response.
“Henrickson’s superior. If you hadn’t realized
“What about that Castiel? Should we still find out what we can about him?”
“Dean, seriously, look,” Sam said, and took the strangers hand in his, lifting it off the bed.
to.” Alistair’s smile was a sly thing, all sharp edges meant to cut. He couldn’t have reminded Sam more of a serpent ready to strike if he’d tried. “We’re very good at making people disappear, and I’d hate to disappoint Ruby. Wouldn’t you?”
Instead of answering, Officer Winchester rubbed a hand over his eyes and didn’t say anything for a moment. “I don’t know, man. He’d have to go into the system, but Krissy’s seventeen and she could’ve probably gotten custody for him when she turned 18.”
“No. Too muffled.”
“Cas-“ he wheezed, grabbing at the hand around his neck with his own free hand. For a split second, Dean felt Castiel start to leverage the rest of his weight behind the stranglehold, but then he let go, realization flashing in his face. Dean gasped for air and sat up, coughing a little as he rubbed his neck.
They sat in silence for a beat. “Thanks Jess,” Dean murmured, touching her shoulder, and she nodded.
They both almost ran towards the other, colliding together in a hug that almost knocked Sam clean off his feet.
“I’ve heard this Dean is gorgeous,” Meg says, smiling with all her teeth. “Can’t wait to meet him.”
. The one that happened when people found out he was an omega. When they started treating him different. John himself had been the first one when he'd walked in on Dean experiencing his first heat in the middle of the night. They had both thought Dean would grow to be an alpha like his father, but that horrible night had shot
Dean mentally shook himself out of that confusing line of thought. Pondering the
Dean had impolitely told them all to fuck off.
“So she got desperate.” Sam finished. “Dean-“ he started to say, concerned. “If I’d had that wine- and she’d shown up-“
“You do it.”
“Wait.” Castiel cut in.
“Please tell me you called an ambulance.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel slouched a little bit, apologetic. “I’m sorry, it was obvious you wanted to keep it a secret. I didn’t want to say anything. You must know I won’t tell anyone.”
Castiel turned back from the window to face them. “I know I have not been entirely forthright in answering your questions. I did not think the outcome was worth it, but now I do.” He turned to Jo. “Was that coming from the direction of the planet?”
That shocked her into silence for a moment, and Dean shifted on his feet in impatience and turned back. “C’mon man, open up!”
“Yeah, no kidding.” Dean replied, and knocked her hands away for a moment, still cuffed himself. “Lemme see.” No bright red blood spurted out, which meant it hadn’t hit an artery. Thank god. “Just keep putting pressure on that to stop the bleeding. We’ll need to get you to the hospital, but you’re not gonna bleed out here.” Not like Henrickson did, anyways.
“Morning, Dean., she said over her shoulder. “Feeling better?”
“Just keep it until we’re all safe. Please, we have to get Amelia and Claire out of the Forests - we need to leave, immediately. I don’t know – I don’t know how long it’ll take them to find out-“
It took them almost a full day to get to Charis Station with the shuttle’s AGF, and the strange man sitting across from Sam remained catatonic for the whole trip. When they finally started to disembark into the hangars of Charis station, Sam held back and watched as the medics came to pry the man out of his seat and take him away in a stretcher, leaving behind a chair dark with dried blood.
Of course.
“Eyes up here, buddy.” Dean said, waving a hand in front of his chest up to his face.
“Alistair,” Sam greeted, taken aback when the man sidled up to him to shake his hand in both of his. Alistair smelled like a beta, all clean and acidic, and Sam withheld a grimace.
It only took him a second, from personal experience. “
“Retribution? What could we have done that was worth wiping out a defenseless colony?” Dean snapped, slowly getting over his caution.
be involved.” Castiel huffed, concerned eyes still on Krissy.
“Not the main reason, alright? I can’t resist a good mystery, but Castiel is really entertaining anyways. And he’s, like, a freaking alien! Dude, he only got a laptop a couple months ago, and he’s
“Stay right outside and I’ll yell if I need you?” Dean asked, and Benny nodded in reply. They got out of the car and crossed the street and up to the house. The lights were all on, which was promising, so Dean knocked on the door, Benny at his side. He swayed on his feet.
“Well, shit.”
“Control, this is the Impala,” Ellen said, pulling up complicated data onto her side screen, “requesting AGF synchronization access.”
, you-“
“I got this!” Dean snapped. When he twisted his head up, ready to tell them to fuck off, Dean came face to face with Cas, already bending down to join Dean.
Confused, Dean frowned until Charlie chewed on her lip and pointedly glanced back at Cas. Who had also been in that same bathroom earlier.
But she was in a coma, right? Maybe she would never wake up, and Sam could just leave this room and never look back. But could he be satisfied with knowing that he had met his scent-mate, and just settled for-
A bright flash made him freeze and turn to the door again. Jess pounded a fist against the window, screaming soundlessly. Behind her, the sky was darkening, bright red fire racing towards them against a background of black.
“What, you talking about Gordon and the recent Red cases? ‘Cause I’m thinking something a bit more small scale. Tampering with evidence, resisting arrest, all the really
Castiel glanced at the clock on the wall. Since it took a little bit to bike to Dean's apartment, he'd need to leave in a couple minutes. He'd spent his hour at home after getting back from classes helping Shawn with his homework at the kitchen counter, and Shawn was still studying at his side, bent over and concentrating on the words in front of him, pencil clutched in one hand. Krissy hadn’t wanted to be near him in a rut, but Shawn didn’t seem to care at all.
Dean tried to think of any alternatives to what awaited them in the Gate without a working AGF. “There has to be something else we can do -“
“You-“ Rufus was out of his chair by that point. “Hold on.” He moved towards where the sound had originated from, disappearing behind the cargo.
“Well?” Pam finally asked, “What’s the news?”
“Can you tell me what happened?”
“Well, that’s not creepy at all.” Dean said. “I’m not sending him nudes, if that’s what he’s aiming for.”
As a Tier 2, Dean had enhanced senses, strength, healing – the works. It had given him the edge needed to be hired as a police officer to overcome his omega status. Dean had never even met a T-1 before; he was pretty sure Castiel would be like a T-2 on steroids. It also meant that Cas could freaking turn into a full wolf, and that was
“Deal.”
Castiel looked away, finally breaking eye contact. “I would if I could, Dean.”
The angle was awkward, with Dean kneeling over him like he was, but the kiss was definitely not.
“Oh, pretty sure Castiel should do that instead.” Benny drawled, lacing his fingers behind his head.
“I rescued her from an alpha when he attacked her in the streets one night, made sure she got home safe. I had been living on the streets at that point, but when she saw me a week later, she returned the favor and offered me a place to stay.”
Jo took them through the middle of the ship, talking the whole way. She had taken them first to retrieve their stuff from the lockers in the receiving room, and now she led them down the narrow hallway that lead to the separate small bunk rooms, five on each side, and one master room for the pilot on the far wall where the hallway split into a T. Dean’s parents and him had all lived in that master room when his Mom had been alive. He supposed it was only Ellen’s now since her husband had passed away.
“What?!?” Charlie sputtered, “Where- who sent you that picture? When was that taken?”
But that didn’t explain everything. Why would he hide his freaking
Dean slouched further into the uncomfortable chair, fidgeting with utter boredom. Castiel ignored him until Dean’s leg started to bounce up and down under the old library table.
When Dean finally unlocked the door and stepped in, he sighed and headed to the kitchen, rolling his head to try and stretch the muscles in his neck, still tight with tension. “Close the door, will ya?” The door shut behind him as he opened the fridge, eyes briefly skimming over the food he had. His stomach twisted with hunger at the thought of food since he hadn’t had anything to eat since noon. Castiel probably hadn’t either, and from what he remembered, Castiel was a shit cook. Fuck. Well, he’d make dinner for the both of them, but he didn’t have to be happy about it.
“A few things.” No sense in denying it, since Dean had already figured it out, but that didn't mean he would tell him anything more.
“Yeah, you can say that again.”
Lawrence
“No.” Castiel looked away, then, “I was the only one.”
– Sam’s mate.”
“Can someone please take me to the med bay?” he really didn’t have to pretend to sound miserable.
“Cas?” Dean said, striding forward. “Hey- you okay?”
“Hm. How long has he been in town?"
But Castiel kept silent and only lifted one shoulder in response.
As Rufus talked, Ash showed up in only a robe, clutching a large bag to his chest. Crouching down in front of the stranger, Ash pulled a pair of gloves and a handheld medical device out from the emergency pack he’d brought with him. “Hey there, man. You with me?” he asked, shining a light across the man’s eyes.
They ended up at the same diner where Castiel had dropped the ball on Jess’ pregnancy. Again, it was busy and packed with the college student lunch run, but Dean managed to stare down some kids to get one of the last tables available. They just kinda veered off when they saw him going for the same spot, nervously eying him as they did. Dean felt a bit out of place here- too old (Jesus,
Castiel had thought the ride back on his bike would clear his head. Instead, the itch under his skin got worse, a restlessness that didn't bode well for sleep, even though he was tired. His gut still burned warm from the alcohol he had consumed, but by the time he had reached the house, the warmth had spread through the rest of him. It wasn't just the alcohol. This was the start of something else. He was starting his alpha rut more than a month early. He tried to think of what would make that happen, but nothing in the last few days would explain it, besides the stressful evening he had just experienced.
“I just don’t believe a word out of your-“
Several days later, a knock on his door makes him look up from his homework.
As they tied his hands behind him, Castiel turned his head to see Dean struggling beneath the fifth hunter.
“Dean was a mechanic back on Hephaestus,” Jo piped up from her seat in the co-pilots chair. “I’m sure he can help you out to earn his keep.”
“No. Just me.”
Dean turned away from Sam, putting a trembling hand over his face. Sam could only watch as Dean tried to keep it together, breath shuddering.
“A research lab. I was in charge of a separate division and occasionally visited when I needed to. But I knew all the employees in that particular lab.”
“I thought that was the floor? Is that a wall?” Sam asked faintly, and Benny smiled.
“Dean, RUN!” Castiel roared.
“Stop that,” she scolds, smoothing the material against his throat before settling back at his side. “You knew the meeting was going to turn into this.”
“Take a picture, everyone.” Ellen said, only half-joking. “We’re probably only one of a handful of humans that have ever seen this and lived to tell the tale.”
“Do you have a phone number for him?”
“Sam? You okay?” Dean asked, and Sam looked up, expression gone like it had never been there.
on me and shot me, and-“ Krissy’s lip quivered as Benny interrupted, alarmed. “-No. In the leg. No, it’s not bleeding too much, I’m putting pressure on it. – Yeah, he’s still here, I handcuffed him. – No, I kicked him with my other leg and managed to get his own handcuffs on him. Can you please come get me?” Krissy nodded and told him the address, voice wobbling. “Okay, hurry, please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rolled his eyes. “Hanging up, now.”
“Fuck off.”
The command seemed to break both of them out of their strange pause, and Daphne grabbed Dean’s arm in a tight grip and dragged him back. Dean did not resist, and Castiel desperately wished he could see Dean’s face, but the light behind him made it impossible to see any detail, and then the door closed.
From this angle, Dean could only see Castiel’s backside, not covered by the trenchcoat anymore. Instead of the trenchcoat and suit, Castiel had found a soft looking flannel shirt and a worn pair of jeans, and Dena had a really great view of the back, with Castiel bent over like that.
Hesitating, Dean glanced back at Krissy.
Castiel looked down at himself. “Yes, this body is human. I am occupying it to interact with all of you.”
“Dean, GET OUT!” he shouted, futilely trying to stop this from happening, but Dean had already frozen in the open doorway. This couldn’t be happening – not with this rut, not now, not when the influence of alpha instincts weighed so heavy and made him itch with need, his mind sluggish and hazy. Something was wrong – he’d known that within the first hour – this rut was
“It depends on the person?”
Benny sighed and shifted to face him, giving up all pretense of trying to sleep. “Are you saying I
“What?”
"Awesome. Just me then." Dean said, turning to open the car door. "Good talk."
When Dean saw the Gate through the cockpit window, he halted in place and stared. It was one thing to see pictures, but it could never prepare someone for its sheer size in person. Curved spines of AGF metal had been fused together to create a massive circle, so large only a portion of it could be seen from where Dean was standing. It was lit up from the inside, the characteristic pearlescent multicolored light shimmering bright.
“You’re welcome. Okay, Shawn, you ready to go?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Almost immediately, an intensely familiar scent hit him Sam the gut.
“Yeah, top left drawer, black one. Should be big enough.”
This was his life now. He just needed to own it.
It took a full minute for the shockwave to reach them, and Sam watched its approach as it knocked the other lower shuttles over like playthings.
Charlie only shrugged as she filled her plate. “He’s less weird than some of the guys I hang out with. At least he’s super polite and stuff. I think it’s adorable.” Not the word Dean would’ve used, but whatever. “So, is there a reason you cooked dinner for us? Bad day?”
Another moment of silence. Then, Castiel’s body inhaled, eyes fluttering open. Dean waited as Castiel got his bearings and sat up, clumsy and uncoordinated. Like he was getting used to pulling unfamiliar strings again.
“What did you want to talk to me about?” Jess asked, leading him back to her in-home office.
Dean knew how they worked, and he shifted nervously in place. Benny and him were on standby because this part of the journey was the most dangerous part of space travel. If anything went wrong with the AGF syncing with the Gate, they'd be torn apart in the wormhole. Dean didn’t say anything else as he watched Ellen and Pam prepare the Impala for their Gate jump with practiced efficiency. They were trying their best to ignore Castiel, hovering in the back of the cockpit with arms crossed, radiating tension as he stared out the window at the Gate.
“Has any of the Underground been reestablished?”
“Yes. Yes. He’ll be here. I’ll send him over to pick you up.” The man hung up before Bobby could, and Bobby and Dean stared at each other over the expanse of the desk between them.
Dean still looked confused. “You want to try and find him? We only have a few hours before we have to leave. Are you sure?”
The leather pouch around Castiel’s neck weighed heavily, but Jimmy stayed silent, still staring at Castiel, even though his face had gone white at the mention of Claire and Amelia. It was true, Castiel had talked Jimmy into joining. He’d resisted getting involved in the Underground for so long, fearing for his family’s safety, so why wasn’t he speaking up now? What information was more important than that? No, Castiel couldn’t let Jimmy die here, even if it meant throwing himself into harm’s way, so be it.
Although she had a heart-shaped face and a beauty mark beneath her eye that promised a sweet temperament, Krissy was all sharp corners and aggressive movements. There seemed to be a bit of bravado there as well, as though she was trying to make up for the weakness and fear she had experienced in her heat. A certain tension grew in the air around the kitchen table as Krissy refused to even look Castiel’s way, and Castiel himself was unsure how to diffuse it, so he kept his head down as he ate. Shawn seemed immune to the atmosphere, but Daphne looked over at Castiel as soon as she noticed. When their eyes met, Castiel nodded at the silent question.
Planet of Stull, 398 A.E.
“Don’t play coy, Dean. I knew you were to pretty to be a beta. My good friend told me all about you, but it’s very nice to finally have some proof. Here, I’ll show you.” Gordon moved forward again, gun still keeping them in place. Digging into his back pocket, he pulled out a phone - a hot pink phone. Dean did a double-take, recognizing it immediately, as Gordon scrolled through it for a minute before speaking. “Here’s a text to your brother. ‘I talked to him this morning when you were on your run. Dean is fine, but I wish he’d stop thinking that being an omega is always a bad thing.’”
He only stopped for brief moments to rest against a tree before gathering enough strength to continue, but his arms continued to bleed steadily, draining him of energy. At times, he'd find himself leaning against a tree, unsure how he'd gotten there or how much time had passed. He hadn’t realized how far he walked until his foot encountered something new; a strangely smooth and hard surface, like stone. He blinked and looked down, and saw two bright yellow lines running down the middle of a long dark road that stretched out of sight, around the corner of trees. It was clear of tree branches overhead, so Castiel finally sat down and laid out on it. He just needed to rest for a little bit. It only made sense to look at the stars, so he kept looking, ignoring the gradually increasing rumble coming down this stretch of black.
Dean was leaning up against one side of the doorframe, arms crossed, watching him with an inscrutable expression.
“Sam,” Dean said, and pulled himself forward faster.
He looks down when his foot hits something, only to find a folded pile of his own clothes sitting in front of his door. There’s an envelope on top with his name in big blocky letters on the front.
That dimmed Castiel’s smile considerably. “I – uh, no, I don’t have any embarrassing fighting stories.”
Raz lounged in a chair, eyes half-opened and blinking slowly at Castiel, who was kneeling in front of her and talking her ear off.
“Only Charlie and me figured it out. I didn't mean to - you knew my secret, so I just wanted, I mean-“
“What is it?” Jo asked. “Where are we?”
Henrickson paused for a second. “No, I’ll tell you. I need Castiel to come with me willingly, and you seem to have an in that I don’t. You’ve probably heard of the Underground that helps omegas escape the Preserves?”
A familiar high pitched hum filled the air, and Castiel was so bright now that Dean had to close his eyes and shield his face.
"Well..." Ash drawled, scratching his chin. "There is some crazy shit happening around here, but the man seems to be human from all the scans I've done on him so far."
His head snapped up to look at her. “What?”
“Charlie,” a grunt as her elbow hit something hard. “Charlie! It’s me, Castiel,” he whispered, just as she drew her head back and saw his face. A trail of blood dripped out of his nose, streaking down his lip. That was from her smarting elbow. The bedside lamp was on, making it possible to see him clearly. He’d obviously turned it on right before surprising her.
“You almost done?” Benny asked, gesturing at his screen.
“I’ll show you how the site works so you don’t have to fumble around more.”
Even with avoiding tollroads and skirting the city proper to make their way to the northern suburbs of Chicago from the southwest, the drive only lasted two hours. Dean’s churlish behavior faded as his hangover did, replaced by seriousness the closer they got to their intended address. Castiel tried to keep himself calm by looking at the window, with marginal success. It had rained during the night, and mist still beaded across the glass, streaking like comets.
“What? Yeah, ‘s fine. Whatever works for you.”
Dean could smell the coffee brewing as he made his way down the hall, the metal grating beneath his feet clanging enough for everyone to hear his approach. Sam followed behind, quiet as a ghost.
CASTIEL
“Copy.”
“Hey, it’ll be fine,” Jess reassured him.
When Castiel arrived at their agreed meeting spot, the wind had stilled, and everything was silent. Balthazar was nowhere to be found; not surprising, considering Castiel had come too early anyways, spurred by this new emergency.
“Obviously you two haven’t seen the news.” Mortimer replied, and gestured at the doorway they had entered from. AJ was back. “AJ, use the side door.”
When Dad came back a few days later, Dean was happy to leave, and couldn’t bring himself to feel bad when Sammy was devastated. And he didn’t want to know what would happen to Sammy’s omega friend, the one he was leaving behind here. It wouldn’t be good.
When he sat down in the chair in front of it and turned it on, praying it would still work, Castiel came up behind him and hovered. “What’s wrong?”
the one the sniper had been after, or had it been Henrickson? From the car turning in the same direction the drops of blood had been going, he was guessing Castiel.
Castiel followed in his wake, walking into a pleasant scent. Whatever Dean had used in the shower lingered on his skin, still noticeable under the beta cover scent that had been liberally applied. Other than taking a slightly larger breath, Castiel stayed quiet as to not draw Dean's attention. They took opposite ends of the couch after Dean popped in the DVD disk, turned on the TV, and turned off the overhead lights.
“Often enough. We just moved here a few weeks ago, so this is our first one here in town.”
With a sigh, Dean rolled over to lay on the bed beside Castiel, sprawling loose-limbed over the covers. He threw an arm over his face, and the corner of his lips curled up in something resembling a smile. “Right. M’ such a fuck up not even my scent mate wants me.”
It fucking sucked.
Castiel really stared at him then, too implacable for Dean to tell if he minded the nickname. “Shit. Sorry, man, I hope you don't mind, your name is–“
It was blessedly silent in the next few minutes, but – goddammit. The side of Dean’s face still prickled with awareness. Cracking an eye open, Dean scowled at Castiel, caught him staring back, looking very uncomfortable.
“You wanted leverage as well,” Castiel finished for him. Charlie had been suspicious at Dean’s acceptance earlier, and for good reason it seemed. Although, from the way Dean hovered nearby, he must not have realized the effect it would have on Castiel.
“My bad-“ Dean starts, “totally didn’t see you there.” His eyes flick over Castiel’s shoulder. There’s a guarded expression on Dean’s face now, one that wasn’t there before he’d realized Castiel was here. With a sinking feeling growing in his chest, Castiel nods a greeting. “Hello, Dean. Sam.”
“Dad, Raz can’t get the bag,” Dean told him, not looking up from their task, and felt only a moment’s hesitation from his father.
The muted sound of barking started up from outside, interrupting them.
“-What happened?” Dean looks down and shrugs one shoulder. “Just something that I brought with me from Kansas. Don’t really wanna get into it.”
Bobby was silent for a beat. “Ah, shit,” he said, exhaling sharply. “Got you on a short leash, then.”
“This and twenty dollars for some gas at pump two, please.” Dean said, and after a beat she inhaled and frowned at him. He flushed at the judgmental look. “It’s been a long drive,” he muttered, and the cashier only hummed noncommittally and rang him up.
There was that second of disorientation again, as Sam found himself somewhere else too fast, but this time he pushed Castiel and stumbled away. Castiel had teleported them into the shuttle, between the rows of empty seats ready for take-off. Sam could feel the engine rumble to life beneath their feet.
.” Dean said, realization coloring his tone. “
It was clear from his silence that Castiel had no answer to that.
Dean nodded. “Okay.” Bobby raised an eyebrow, and Dean went on. “I mean, yes, sir.”
“Didn’t think I’d see you so soon after last time,” Ellen observed after the introductions.
She laughed at that. “Dean Winchester, are you corrupting another soul?”
PLANET WIDE EVACUATION ORDER IN EFFECT. PLEASE REMAIN CALM AND MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE NEAREST DESIGNATED EVAC POINT –
this wasn't gonna happen at first but God, Dean would so do that. Shit gets real in the next chapter!
Sam wasn’t so sure. “You know I don’t like to lie.”
“Okay. I was going to head over there anyways. Guess who I just found?”
Castiel cocked his head to the side this time, considering. “It was confusing, but it had very interesting concepts and ideas. Charlie was very adamant about showing me this movie after I told her I’d never even heard about it.”
It took another ten minutes to get permission to move the Impala into the air-lock, jockeying for a position, and waiting as the large hall was depressurized and the ships were allowed to take off one by one.
“Where is he living at the moment?”
“Dean, you want anything?” John asked, not turning away from watching Sam look up at the menu.
Alarm started to rise in Dean’s chest. “Hey, Cas-“ Dean put out a hand above his mouth, but couldn’t feel any movement. He wasn’t breathing.
“Turn on the news for a second, would you?” Dean called, still dragging blankets out of the back of the flier.
They were true mates, after all. Not like he was going anywhere else. He didn’t have anything holding him back.
“He left through the back. Said he was going to distract the shooter.” As he said that, another bang made Dean duck back down over the still form of Henrickson, but this time, it hadn’t been aimed at the diner.
“-flashdrive. Yes. That.”
Called Dean two more times.
She brushed past him into his apartment, “I heard about the shooting. Daphne was really upset.” Dean knew that much. She’d been on the other side of the police cordon as soon as word had gotten out, since it had happened at her diner. “Castiel is still missing, then, right? Not dead?”
Castiel’s eyebrows lowered at that. “Dean, I live in an omega safehouse and use a scent-blocker as well. I understand why you are so upset, but did you really think I would treat you differently after knowing this?”
Dean looked up to see the almost empty wine bottle still sitting on the counter. He managed to grab it between bouts of nausea and really inspected the bottle. It looked and smelled fine – and nothing had looked off about the cork or anything when he had opened it. Turning it over in his hands, Dean felt something weird on the underside of the bottle, in the concave center. What the-?
would take orders from an omega-“
“My thoughts exactly.” Dean said, and rubbed his temple with his free hand to try and relieve the pressure.
As the rest of the crew followed orders, Jo came forward and took the suit from Dean’s hands. Benny jerked his head to the hallway. “I got this, Dean. Go watch from the cockpit.”
“Do you have somewhere to go?” Castiel made sure to keep his voice calm and level, not wanting to alarm her further. She smelled like sex – the pheromones of her heat clogging the muggy air. Castiel could even feel his body reacting to it; his heart beating faster, blood flowing to new areas.
“I’m not pretending anything.” Dean said, but it was quiet. She’d already won.
the borrowed mug was empty before broaching the subject of the rest of the day. Castiel had made his intentions clear yesterday - that he was going to continue his life like normal, so hopefully Henrickson had already contacted KU about Dean playing bodyguard.
“Yes, I understand,” Castiel said after a beat, reeling from Dean’s mercurial moods.
Castiel didn’t know what came over him, but he shook the offered hand a little stiffer than usual. “I could say the same, Benny -?”
The Gate was so close, only the black of the wormhole filled the cockpit window. Dean could feel the subtle vibration of the Impala as it approached, ready to shake apart. Castiel let go of Dean’s arm to go directly to the window, and suddenly he changed direction midair to land on the floor in front of Ellen and Jo’s chairs.
“Sleeping on the floor.” Castiel replied, like the answer was obvious.
Dean only had a short window of time before someone came back, but he still hesitated.
He stopped and scuffed his shoe against the floor.
“What an interesting question to hear in Purgatory,” Benny drawled, shifting in place to get more comfortable.
“No, I’m not done talking to her just yet. I’m calling ‘cause Castiel is here. He didn’t get my text.”
“Get out of my house!” Charlie yelled, and Dean barely had time to bring his arm up when the object collided with him, breaking in two with the force of the swing.
Raz could do the same thing, but Dean didn’t like to be separated from her so completely. He liked to be able to see her and make sure she was safe.
“What do you mean? Were you both orphaned young?”
They had made no progress in cracking the encryption on the copied flashdrive data, though a student named Kevin had been roped into the project. Castiel had a sinking feeling it would never be of use even if they did crack it, but he couldn’t bring himself to ask for it to be destroyed. Better to let them work for a goal that would never happen than give up all together.
“You made it perfectly clear that you didn’t want to - to follow me around, or - have me stay in your home, and-“
“He could’ve saved Jessica too, Dean. Why didn’t he?”
“Good riddance.” Dean muttered, tone dark, and dropped the match.
“What’s this person’s name?”
“What?”
Shawn crept closer to the bed. He took a minute to answer, voice hesitant. “It’s too quiet.”
Haha oh my god is this fun to write!
Sam took in a shaky breath. “You’re right, I do need help. There’s-“
Blinking, Castiel opened his mouth, then frowned and closed it again. He didn’t know what to say to that, what tense to use. Should he use the phrase have, or had a niece? She could be living somewhere with her mother, sworn to good behavior, but she could have also been silenced for good, her bones buried somewhere in the same forest as her father’s.
“This is the worst tea party ever.” Dean muttered.
The clang of a metal pipe hitting the ground sounded from behind one of the boxes, and they all looked in that direction.
The rest of his answers continued to be simple and to the point, and they lapsed into a short silence when Dean ran out of questions to ask. Dean leaned forward and turned off his recorder. “Alright, I think that’s all the questions I need answered. Do you and Daphne have your card with the safe-house license? You don’t have to get them out now, but we might need them later.”
Castiel can still smell the sharp tang of blood in the air, and this one has a different flavor than most. Turned werewolves always smell off and distorted, an aftereffect of being one thing before turning into something else, but Dean’s blood smells clear and true.
Luckily, they saw no one on their way to the car, and didn’t notice anyone following them. Dean had been to Henrickson’s hotel room before, but when they got to the hotel, Dean went straight to the bored-looking lady at the front desk.
“Castiel found out about Dean last week.” Benny supplied.
Castiel inclines his head. “It has been indeed. I hope the Northwest has been treating your pack well.”
“Yeah, trust me, you’ll know when that particular issue hits the fan. Work’s been fine.”
“What about just embarrassing stories? No offense, but you’re weird enough to have some pretty good ones,” Charlie wheedled. “How ‘bout-“ she wiggled her eyebrows, “sex stories?”
“Huh. So did you move here to go to school?”
Krissy narrowed her eyes at him.
Garth claps his hands together, Bess by his side. “Alright, listen up everybody! I want to introduce our guests here – this is Castiel,” Castiel gives a little aborted wave at his name, “Meg, Balthazar, and Hannah, so make sure to come over to say hi before we go furry.”
Maybe they were lying about it being a safe-house. That idea concerned him. Police officers also had access to the safe-house database in case they needed to find a place, quick, for omegas. Dean brought that one up and scrolled through the list for Lawrence. It checked out – it was a real safe-house, with both listed as residents. Things had just gotten interesting.
“So, I’m going to ask again. Where’s Castiel?”
“Hello? Is this Samuel Campbell?”
end of act 1
Castiel squints. “Yes?”
“Their other two subjects were torched, and they couldn’t retrieve any good samples of the virus from them after that. I’m sure I don’t have to tell you what they’d do if they somehow found out that there was still a live subject in the wind, that might even have their dormant virus somewhere in his system.” Mortimer tapped the side of head. “Suffice it to say, it wouldn’t be something you would walk away from.”
“Open the door and we’ll see about that.” Dean replied. “You don’t sound fine to me.”
Charlie opened her door and walked backwards into her apartment, gesturing for Dean to follow her in. Hesitating, he considered just avoiding this altogether, but he eventually followed her into the darkened apartment, closing the door behind him. Charlie had called it; the credits were rolling when Dean joined Charlie in the living room. She turned on the lights, and Dean surveyed the living room. Charlie’s movie snacks were strewn across the table, mountain dew cans open. Castiel sat at the far end of the couch, elbows on his knees and fingers laced together, and he straightened upright when he caught sight of Dean.
Dean was so tired he was blanking on her last name. “Um…it’s not coming to me right now. But her father’s name is a big name in – not your Underground – but regular criminal underground circles here. It’s a weird name. Azazel?” Recognition flashed across Castiel’s face. “You know him?”
“That old woman still working?”
The door opened, revealing a short man with wavy hair, but he only glanced cursorily at Dean before he passed him. Jess looked pissed. “Listening to all my conversations, Dean?”
Dean had no such qualms himself.
“Oh. Apologies.” Castiel turned forward to look out the windshield. “I was just wondering – do you have other younger siblings besides Sam? Or kids of your own? You are very good with children.”
“He’s related to the current alpha of our ruling pack, so yes.”
When he got to the parking lot, Dean put a hand up to his mouth to yell, “Cas! Where are you?” No one replied. “Cas?” Dean called again, dread creeping up his spine. “Castiel!”
“No, I read your file hours ago. This,” Henrickson put his hand down on the top of the folder, “is all the information we have on one Jimmy Novak.”
That wasn't an explicit invitation to enter, but after a moment's hesitation, Castiel opened the door and stepped inside. When he didn’t see Dean anywhere in the apartment, Castiel called out, “Dean?”
“I’m not talking to you, Dean,” Ruby hissed, before her eyes found Cas again. “Fine, be that way. How’s your precious Krissy doing?”
“Daphne here can take you upstairs to see your sister while I talk to Castiel. How does that sound?” Shawn nodded.
The repair went as smoothly as it could, and Benny and Jo finished up within the hour.
Dean didn’t worry about
Of course this would happen, now, with the police officer. Sometimes alphas just instinctively seemed to set each other on edge, rubbed each other the wrong way, and now Benny had a look on his face like he didn’t quite know what to think.
“Is this a prank?”
“…Yeah.” he said, slowly.
our questions. You should’ve seen him, he was waxing poetic about bl-“ Dean elbows him hard in the stomach.
Castiel sat down on the edge of the hood without hesitation. Dean didn’t start a conversation so Castiel craned his neck up to watch the sky as the sun disappeared.
,” Benny said over the comm, voice strained. Dean could hear Ellen yelling in the background before the line turned off.
“Make it deadlier.”
Woah. Dean had to take a minute to let that sink in.
“I’m fine,” Alfie called back. “Bullet grazed my shoulder but Castiel said I’d live.”
Castiel barely had time to grab the corner of a sheet to cover himself before the door to his room swung open, revealing Dean and Daphne, silhouetted by the light in the hall. He couldn’t see their faces, and they wouldn’t be able to see him very well either, but the smell within the room would give him away instantly.
The empty bottle landed on the counter with a click. Charlie busted out laughing.
“Bastard sampled too much of the goods and went off the rails. What did you think happened? He was only supposed to find a way to take Castiel without getting Henrickson on our asses.”
It had been so long, he hadn’t recognized a heat when it was just about to start.
Castiel’s impassive mask of a face was goddamn hard to read, but Dean was getting better at it. “Fine.” He shrugged and dropped the subject. For now.
“Whatevers, Dean. Point being, it doesn’t mean he’s a bad dude. Also, pretty sure he was homeless before all this. Sounds like he’s had as rough a time as us.” She leaned against the door frame and studied him. “Changing the subject. Why did you drop by my humble abode? Looks like you’re going out.”
“No.”
A soft rustling sound, probably Castiel laying down himself, came from the floor. “Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said, and Dean could only grunt a response.
Castiel shook his head. “No. She doesn’t want to know. We both agreed it would be safer that way, if anything came of it.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I was under the impression that you
“You-“ Ruby started, but was cut off when Dean’s phone started ringing.
“I coulda guessed,” Charlie replied. “If the Preserves are just like how our society was, yeah. I mean, that’s only changed for realsies a couple of decades ago for us.”
leg.”
“Charlie!” Dean raised his voice a little louder. “I will hurt you! Get back here!”
When Charlie turned her gaze to Dean, he had to force a smile. “Uh, no, I don’t mind at all.”
“Yeah, definitely a culture shock, that’s for sure.”
“Long story. Tell you after.” The two short sentences were all he could manage before Dean put his forehead on the cold glass of the side window.
Dean only stopped once, halfway across Minnesota. Castiel woke up when the car decelerated, disoriented.
. Ignoring Castiel for the moment, Dean headed for the door, patting Charlie’s shoulder on his way out. Before food though, he needed to do something else first. Charlie’s apartment didn’t have any suppressants or scent-blocker, but he could take a quick shower while they waited for her to work her magic. He was uncomfortably self-conscious about smelling like anything at the moment.
She shrugged. “Guess it’s easier with your...” she makes a vague motion with her hand.
“What’s it like?” Dean found himself asking.
over the strong smells of disinfectant. God, what
Hands in his pockets, Dean turned to watch Castiel lift his duffel bag out of the backseat, hefting the strap over one shoulder. Once he’d closed the car door, Dean locked Baby and headed in to the lighted building, Castiel trailing behind him. They remained silent all the way to the apartment.
He got everything out, ready to start cooking, when his phone buzzed against the table. He ignored it until it buzzed again, signaling a call instead of a text. Benny’s name flashed on the screen as Dean picked it up, so he pressed call and held it to his ear as he turned back around.
Dean half-heartedly tried to stop her. “Jess-“
“Finally found me, huh?” Dean Winchester said, and coughed again. He was sitting on the ground, propped up against the main shell of Sahaqiel, one leg bent at an unnatural angle. It was clear he could not move far. As Castiel approached, Dean looked up. “Did you – oh.”
“That- that shouldn’t’ve been possible.” Ellen said.
“Yeah, I copy.” Benny grumbled in reply.
White hot pain radiated into his skull, down his spine. Dean could practically feel brain cells winking out of existence as his head snapped to the side with the blow. The loose tooth didn’t fall out, but he bit the same place where his teeth had gone straight through the side of his tongue from the first hit, prompting a new welling of blood, and he could feel more of it tracking down the side of his cheek. The pointy edges of guns were terrible for the face.
Gordon sidled up to the bars, so close he could lower his voice so Benny couldn’t overhear. “C’mon, Sam. You should’ve been wondering why the Old Hierarchy’s been dabbling in the black market, dealing with Red and such. Best way to set up a supply system without anyone being the wiser, and get people to take drugs without even asking what they are.”
Immediately, he could feel a tension headache creep back. This day just continued to break all expectations. Could it get
“No, that’s not-“
“Keep going. I’m right behind you.”
It was almost two in the afternoon, so the inside of the joint was empty except for an elderly couple near the window and the workers behind the counter.
“Okay, now we can go.” Dean told Cas, who picked up the files and laptop Dean had set aside. Halfway to the door, Dean turned back. “Ruby, it’s been nice. Rot in hell, bitch.”
Dean hated to even ask if she knew how to use it. “
First though. “May I take a shower?”
That was all he could get for now. Once Dean put away the recorder, he couldn’t help himself from drumming his fingers on the table and sighing. He’d have to wait a couple days for Krissy to be well enough – coherent enough - to talk to him, but until then no more information would be had, no matter how much he itched for it.
? And they just left him there?”
,” Dean muttered to himself, “that is
“You may go, AJ. Thank you.”
“That means he’s in there. But he-” Daphne answered, and Dean knocked loudly on the door before she finished.
“Yeah, well, I’ve been busy.”
“And you expect me to take your word?” Castiel’s hands flexed strangely at his sides as he said this, still pacing. Claws were one of the first things to evidence a change, Dean knew, and he glanced worriedly in Henrickson’s direction. Dean couldn’t remember if he’d seen any alpha red start to bleed into Castiel’s eyes either, from this distance. Were they even a match for a cornered T-1 if he was on the verge of going biblical on their asses?
It felt like an eternity before the shuttle righted itself as the pilots took them out of their spin, managing to stop the freefall and continue their ascent.
Castiel shifted in place, grateful of the book in his lap. “I – yes, I do. Want you.” After a terrifying beat of silence, Castiel continued, “At least, that’s what I assume you meant when-“
After ending the call, Sam made his way back to John’s room one last time. He didn’t trust this Samuel Campbell, even if he was related by blood, and he sure as hell wasn't going to put off filing a missing persons report because of his say-so. Sam had been hoping to make his interviews next weekend, but he couldn’t just put off looking for Dean and just hope for the best. He knew Dean would do the same for him, even if they hadn’t been on speaking terms in years. Sam would just have to call Jessica, and tell her he would have to stay in Des Moines for the foreseeable future, make it up to her when he got back.
’ about the way you smell makes me hard.”
“I’ll say.” Dean replied, and Benny nudged his shoulder with an arm as he stood up straight again.
Sudden realization made him almost inhale the fries, and he coughed, eyes watering a little. Wait.
“Did Bobby – I mean, Singer – tell you what happened three days ago?”
“So…are we still gonna go see the meteor shower tonight?”
you met at a bar who doesn’t have the common sense to realize when he’s being conned out of his lunch money.” He
“Sam, don’t touch him,” Dean told him, reaching over.
Sam watched the city below shrink beneath him and gradually move out of sight as the shuttle turned, leaving only the rough, cratered surface of the planet to watch disappear as they climbed into the clouds above. As one of the first people on board, he sat in the very back row against the hull, next to one of the only small rounded windows in the back of the shuttle. He could look out of it if he turned and craned his neck, but Sam didn’t know if that was a blessing or a curse, considering they could still see the ground. They’d lost precious minutes loading as many people as they could fit in the rows of seats, and clearing the ramp of people still desperate to get on the shuttle even when there was no more room left.
“Why would I have?” Castiel asked, cocking his head. “He never should have come here in the first place. It almost ruined everything.
In fact, this was the last freaking straw. Dean slammed the medical bills down on the table and stood up, the chair wobbling crazily as it was pushed back. Paying Dad’s medical bills? Hell. No. No way were they allowed to meddle in his life like this. He needed to nip this thing in the ass before it got worse.
Castiel to separate himself from the loss of his family?
Whoops. Dean winced at that reminder, chastised. “Sorry.”
Maybe it was for the best Dean had refused to talk about it last night or this morning when Castiel had tried to bring it up. Especially after he’d almost harmed Dean from when he’d tried to wake him out of his nightmare this morning.
She was so short, she almost didn’t even come up to his chest in height; small even for a beta. She had black hair and bronze skin, which contrasted with the white of her teeth when she smiled briefly as he introduced himself.
didn’t, no. I didn’t even know what this was until almost a year after I escaped the Forests. I wasn’t allowed to know.” Charlie finally took the flash drive from his outstretched hand.
After a moment of Dean standing there, Castiel smiled and opened his eyes to look up at Dean.
Blinding light woke him up, and Sam almost passed out again when he tried moving his arm to cover his face.
He held something in his hand, and he approached Dean and the table, dragging another chair in front of Dean’s and sitting down with a heavy sigh. From this close, Dean could see Castiel had a thin white towel in his hand that he'd wet at the sink, and now he reached out for Dean's face.
They nodded as she turned back into the forest, her shape twisting in the shadows before she disappeared. Balthazar sighed. “Well, I’d best be off as well, then. I should make contact with the outside before Uriel gets too cautious. Meet at the usual spot?”
“It’s very nice to meet you, Sam.” Cas shook his hand, eyes darting between all three of them. “I hadn’t realized you were all related.”
“Okay then. Ready to go, Castiel?”
Dean fiddled with the keys in his other hand. “I uh, I’m guessing Daphne filled you in a bit on what happened, but I figured you should know the whole long story. Can you come over later so I can do this whole bit in person? Are you able to in your rut?”
“It means not really, no.”
Confused, Sam stood back. “What-?”
Realization settled in his gut, heavy and cold. The two omegas. Sick, even before Jimmy had brought them to Castiel.
Dean drove Baby back to the safe-house, an old rock station playing from the radio. The silence had been so uncomfortable that Dean had immediately turned it on to make this ride a little more bearable. Castiel sat in the passenger seat looking out the window, calm as a cucumber.
“Yes he can, Dean. I think we should talk downstairs and call Jess, get this sorted out, okay? You should sit down, you don’t look so-“
When they got to Castiel's room, he didn’t take long to pack up his stuff. He didn’t have much
Dean nodded and looked over at Raz. She cracked an eye open and watched him.
Henrickson turned to him expectantly in his chair. “Winchester. Did you make that call?”
He fell out of the air, hitting a metal surface a few feet below. The momentum caused him to slide down a slight gradient, tilting to the side. Instinctually, Sam tried to grab onto the surface with his gloved hands, finally catching on a metal handhold and stopping his descent.
“Are you
She ducked out of the doorway, vanishing from sight, and Dean could hear her muffled laughter receding down the hallway. Thinking as fast as he could through his pounding headache, Dean picked up Castiel’s draped arm with as little contact as possible and untangled himself from the position. Once he rolled off the bed onto the floor, Dean chanced one quick look back over the top of the mattress to see if he had woken Castiel, but the man only frowned in his sleep and clutched at the empty space before settling again.
Next, second tier makes up five percent of the population, and they have slightly faster reflexes, healing and strength than the average bear. And the coolest first tier, consisting of less than one percent of the population?” He raised his hand to his ear again.
The emergency lights flickered to life, bathing the hallway a dim blood-red.
"Ready."
He looked up as Charlie opened the door, looking surprised to see him. Not a good sign. “Castiel! Uh, you didn’t get my text, did you?”
“Might want to consider moving the transfer to tomorrow night there, Cassie.” Balthazar added. “Uriel will double the patrols tonight to keep the revelers out. Harder to get by with two sick omegas.”
The tips of Dean’s ears turned pink. “Don’t make it weird, man.”
A shit-ton of explaining later, Charlie was back in the game. They had migrated into her bedroom, back to her computer lair.
“Ride back home. I know people. I am a queen, and they obey me.”
“Cas, how we doing back there?” Dean asked, voice strained.
“Hmm.” Ash said, then shrugged. “Okay, well, either way you don’t need that cast anymore. Let’s take that thing off now, how’s that sound?”
Dean picked out Raz’s small shape from the monotone underbrush, and the familiar gold moons of light reflected back from her eyes.
Once Castiel packed his backpack up and slung it over his shoulder, they made it to the café without running into anyone else they knew. It was busy, but they still got a table just fine. Dean noticed Cas’ food choice with approval – no rabbit food for him or Dean.
Castiel found himself at the door to Charlie’s apartment two weeks later on a Saturday night.
Sam fleetingly thought back to what he left behind in California, but shook himself out of it.
Castiel put his hands in his pockets and determinately did not look at Dean. “I know.”
They were glowing white, almost as bright as the explosion.
“Hey, hey, Henrickson, can you hear me?” Dean asked, putting pressure on the wound, and Henrickson finally looked at him, trying to clutch at his arm. “An ambulance is on the way, just hang in th – shit!” Henrickson’s eyes rolled back in his head and he passed out, going limp on the floor.
“Benny, how are we doing?” Ellen asked, thumbing the console in front of her.
“I’m sorry-“ Sam started when he was close enough, but Dean cut him off to wrap him in a rough hug. “Hey, watch the arm-“
Before too long, Dean started to unbutton his own shirt, and Castiel could only watch and keep his trembling hands to himself.
“Dean!” John ordered, impatient this time, and Dean went over to help him move the body without another delay.
They’d planned their arrival well. He mutters a few choice curses under his breath. “Where’s Hannah?”
“You’re good. You still smell like a douchey beta.”
Shawn helped Castiel put everything back in the Monopoly box, and they all migrated downstairs. Daphne took Shawn back into the kitchen to start homework, and just as Dean and Castiel were putting on their shoes in the front hall, Krissy reappeared. “Hey, Dean?”
Before Castiel can say anything else, a distant voice from the crowd has Dean trying to duck down behind him. “-Dean?”
Castiel interrupted, looking up, tone sharp with warning. He dropped his gaze immediately and turned away, cupping the empty mug between his hands.
“Why’s he always gotta say it like that?” someone mumbles despairingly from across the bonfire, and the attention falls off of them as several people laugh. Conversations restart, and Bess pulls Hannah to the side.
A smile spread across Gordon’s face like an oil slick. He sat up straight, really looking at Sam this time.
funny, Charlie.” Dean replied, but he let Cas’ arm go.
“This isn’t - I’m not-“ horror clawed its way up his throat.
Dean almost missed a step, eyes coming up to meet Gordon’s, knuckles going white around the keys in his pocket. They couldn’t say that shit around Bobby unless they wanted to get their asses handed to them, and the rest of the group saw Dean and shuffled guiltily, caught. Gordon just kept looking straight at Dean, even smiling a little. An alpha like him wasn’t intimidated by a mere beta, not unless he was outranked. “Hear something you like, Dean?”
“Nuthin’ much. Just that you’ll be keeping an eye on Castiel for the foreseeable future. He really didn’t tell Henrickson anything?”
Obviously, descriptions of it were in every history book out there, and there were grainy videos of people shifting somewhere on the Internet, but it wasn’t a Thing that happened. Sammy had always been more interested in it than Dean had ever been, and he’d gone on and on about the few studies being done to understand the change - how it wasn’t a physical transformation, of bone and muscle turning into something else, but a transformation of reality – of somehow having a wolf in the place of a human. Dean had usually tuned it out.
“Yeah, we were both gone when she broke in, but Dean - she completely destroyed Jess’ stuff.”
The Castiel in front of him didn’t open his mouth, but the voice that came over the speaker next was his. “I apologize for the disturbance. Everything is - alright.” Now Castiel’s body spoke to Dean only. “I was told to protect your brother. That’s why I have images of him. I didn’t realize one of my brethren was somewhere within him until he killed Pam and sabotaged the ship. I was – am- unprepared for this, but I will not lie to you.”
“Flashdrive is the word you’re looking for,” she supplied from her chair.
? There’s some hardcore porn of shifters, but I never dabbled in it myself. Just heard rumors.”
“I’ve seen him touch you,” Raz butted in. She was draped over Dean’s shoulders, tail twitching and hitting him in the face.
“We can’t go back to your house,” Sam interrupted, stopping Dean.
Henrickson looked over to catch them staring back, and Dean resisted the strong urge to duck out of sight. Scowling, Henrickson turned his back on both of them and headed for the door. “Now he’s telling his superior to hold, since we’re listening in.” Castiel supplied, unhelpfully, as Henrickson stepped out of the diner and onto the sidewalk. He remained in front of their window, but he faced the road, away from them.
also, hey all how's life. everything is terrible in america.
Dean could only grin up at him.
“Likewise.” Sam replied, but he didn’t feel as pleased as Samuel sounded. “I didn’t know we had any relatives still around.”
Because of Dean. “Is that why you’re crashing here? Don’t want to have those three in the crossfire if he is lying?”
“What-?” Jo started, but then Castiel began to glow. Gravity pulled Dean down to the floor as Castiel got brighter.
Castiel looked at him funny. “I assume since you’ve never seen anyone change before, it would be difficult to tell them apart. It was Mortimer.”
Dean couldn’t help but notice the significance Cas put into the word.
“What about the medical staff that have a station here?” one guard asked the other.
“No, nothing bad,” Castiel replies, and stops himself from saying more.
, not wait until it was
“Can I walk again?” Dean groaned, and Sam made a face at him. “No- don’t even start,” Dean hurriedly tacked on, to avoid the lesson Sam was about to drop on him. “I know about AGF inertia interference, you nerd.”
“You read the order?” she asks him, gesturing to his cart.
There was a stunned moment of silence where they all had to re-evaluate.
What an asshole.
Dean had seen that expression before, when John was sizing someone up, thinking of ways to make something work. He’d looked the same during another hunt, when the hunter they’d been working with had broken his arm before they had finished the job. There was a reason the long-lived hunters usually had dogs or birds as daemons - they could get away or hold their own in a fight. Now that Raz couldn’t shift, and was stuck in such a small form, she was a liability.
Dean clutched at his chest in mock hurt. “What? Can’t an older brother check in on-“
Dean dropped a blanket on his shoulders, distracting Sam from listening to more.
“About Star Wars? Chill, I’m just-“ he trailed off, thinking, before he narrowed his eyes at Charlie. “Wait, who are you watching this with?” He inhaled, but only could smell Charlie’s regular beta scent.
This was the black hole he thought he’d be able to circle and still come out intact. He’d been naïve to think he wouldn’t be sucked into it immediately.
It took him a moment. “Uh, I think I see it, now. Why do you like it so much?”
He was so tired, it took him a minute to realize Castiel wasn't answering. Dean sighed, and laid back down. “And who told you to protect Sam?” he murmured into the air.
A pause. “Yes? That’s all you’re giving me?”
Time dragged on again, but this time Castiel tried to busy himself in the kitchen, just in case either Krissy or the officer needed him nearby. He put away the clean dishes and wiped down the counters, but that only took a few minutes. He made a pot of coffee. Just in case someone wanted any. Soon enough, Castiel ran out of things to do and found himself pausing to lean against the kitchen counter and gaze out the window, lost in thought. The professor. He had known Jimmy, before. What were the chances of finding one of them, here of all places? His hands tightened into fists on the counter in front of him as Castiel let out a breath, trying to dispel some of the tension that such a thought evoked.
Dean fiddled with the handle of the frying pan he had just put on the stove and said nothing.
The mess hall was next on the way, but it too stood empty.
“Emailing Charlie, what’s it look like?”
He would be too late. He would always be too late.
“Blood on it. Can I borrow-?”
“I don’t want you to think I’m making you do anything wrong.” Henrickson said, “I would go about this in a more direct manner if I thought Castiel wouldn’t disappear again at the first sign of me. We believe that he still thinks someone is after him from the Preserves, but that’s hardly feasible. They’d have to work from within our own side to find him, and they’re too willfully ignorant of our own culture to make that transition anything but obvious. I just want to talk with him, find out what happened. That’s all.” He stepped out of the car, but bent down slightly to continue talking, one hand on the open car door. “I can tell you more after I get permission to do so, but until then, make it happen, Winchester.” Henrickson closed the door and vanished into the building, and Dean finally turned forward again.
“Now, now. You stop that or we’re not paying for your lunch,” she drawled, tugging them along.
“No,” Dean lied, “I’m not hungry. I’ll go get us a table.” John nodded absently and Dean turned and walked further into the building, picking out the cleanest table he could find. When he had settled in his seat, he watched Sammy as John ordered. Sammy kept his head down, but Millie and Ash circled the two, wagging their tails and brushing up against one another.
After another moment, Dean's shoulders slumped. "Let’s get this over with.” Dean gestured him forward, and sat up straight as Castiel approached him, reached out for his arm.
Dean’s smile slipped a little. “You – you haven’t played Monopoly?”
“…Sorry.”
“It is when you’re the only lead we have, and you’ve consistently proven yourself to be a flight risk.” Henrickson told him. “We almost had you at that first hospital three days after the Underground collapsed, but you had already disappeared out of your room. We can’t let that happen again.”
“I need you to drive me from my place to the Allen’s house, right now. Break the speed li-“ Dean had to take the phone away from his ear to gag again, and he spit out acidic saliva into the sink before he put it back to his ear. “Break the friggin speed limit.”
“Your freaky long legs can’t save you now, you little shit-“ Dean tries to lunge past Castiel, and this time Sam is brave enough to grab Castiel by the back of the shoulders to physically push him in Dean’s way.
May 17th, Four Years Ago
Charlie clapped her hands together. “Perfect! I’m gonna get ready. You guys can wait in here while I change.” With that, she bounced out of the room, no doubt cackling evilly under her breath as she abandoned Dean to his fate.
“Jimmy, we-“
“Why’d you do it, Gordon?”
They arrive to the full moon gathering as soon as the sun goes down under the horizon. The underside of the partial cloud cover stains pink and red, and there’s a slight breeze winding through the pines that stretch overhead. When Castiel steps out of the car, he has to take an appreciative breath of air – briny and cool from blowing in from the bay. Hannah, Meg, and Balthazar get out of the car behind him as well.
Henrickson stood up. “Yes I do. The information’s on my phone. Let’s see that car, first.”
Rufus raised his comm, “Ellen, get down to the cargo bay. We have a situation down here.”
Castiel had to touch.
After a long pause, Ash nodded. “Alright, dude. Knock yourself out.” He got up and gestured to Castiel’s body, laid down on the med bay table.
“Hey there. Is Krissy well enough to talk now?”
She noticed him immediately, ignoring the nurses that had appeared behind Sam. “So, handsome, who do I have to kill to get some french fries around here?”
He knew what this was.
her though, Dean knew for a fact. It made him antsy that he couldn’t anticipate her next move, besides the fact that it would be to harm Jess and influence Sam. Unseen threats had always been the most dangerous kind, purely because no one ever saw them coming before they hit.
“Just what I wanted to hear while I’m outside the ship.” Benny quipped over the comms.
“Hey, back away from the omega!” he barked, voice sharp and commanding.
Castiel made a thoughtful noise and his eyes slid over Dean’s shoulder. He swiped two fingers under his eye, gaze still fixed in the distance, and Dean turned around to look, accidentally knocking their knees together again, but he didn’t see anything besides college students still walking by or eating their lunch. Hm. He turned back to see Castiel finally biting into his sandwich, done talking.
“Officer Winchester.” Obviously surprised, Castiel looked between the two of them, wary until Charlie caught his attention by waving a dismissive hand.
Krissy examined him for a long minute, assessing. “Nah. It’s fine. Daphne said you saved her too, and she definitely knows. But just so you know, I don’t trust you even if Shawn and Daphne do.”
For such a gathering, alphas made up an unexpectedly large proportion. Ellen and her daughter Jo were both alphas, and so were Sam and Benny. The rest seemed to be betas, and Daphne was the only omega. She didn’t seem to mind. Charlie took Castiel over to meet Bobby and Ellen, the oldest of the group.
Castiel patted him on the back and got up, making his way to the garage where they kept his bike. Daphne had yet to get back from work, so the only car they had was absent from its place in the garage. Krissy would take care of Shawn while Castiel and Daphne were both away, since she’d been doing it just fine before them, and they both trusted Krissy with the house as well, which had never happened with the random omegas that had stayed with them before. They trusted that Krissy would continue to be responsible if she wanted to stay with Shawn. Krissy seemed to appreciate it. She liked it when she was treated like an adult.
Castiel clawed himself out of his dream, writhing in his sheets. Reorienting himself, he took stock as he gasped for breath, and put a hand on his chest as if he could physically calm his racing heart.
That was a bit strange.
Castiel was just trying to play nice.
Castiel made his way around the Impala and got into the passenger seat. Dean followed him. “Oh, no, not so fast. You have your phone on you?”
Castiel had found his trenchcoat and nodded as he finished putting it on. “Yes.” He turned to the both of them. “Thank you for last night. It was very…" he paused, searching for the right word, "enlightening." He took another second before he looked at Dean. "Dean, I apologize if the sleeping situation made you uncomfortable.”
Sam’s eyebrows shot up. That was a lot of family for a person who’d had almost none before. But he’d still had family, albeit small. “Have you seen or talked to Dean in the past few days?”
Startled by the noise, Castiel looked up from his book and went to the window.
Sam hunched his shoulders, mindful of his new cast.
The sendoff for Pam was a quiet and perfunctory affair. With no good place for a body on a spaceship, the custom was to send them off through the airlock, wrapped in a sheet. Dean had been to one before, and never thought he’d had to experience another in his lifetime. Especially through the same airlock of the Impala.
Letting go of the receiver, Dean turned back to the woman comforting the omega. “Does she have somewhere to go?”
Henrickson blinked. “So what changed?”
“…And when you’re not volunteering?”
He only had to wait a moment before Charlie answered the door in her Star Wars shirt. But that meant-
" He jerked his head up to find Bobby glaring back, and hurriedly closed out of his browser.
“I’m not involving Daphne or Krissy and Shawn in this.” Castiel started, catching Henrickson’s attention again. “And even if that wasn’t a factor, the safe-house doesn’t have the extra room.” Castiel slowly looked around. “But this apartment does.”
He turned to Sam, but when he didn’t answer, Dean nudged him. “What?”
“Sam did, for a couple years, before he got hitched.”
“What-“ Castiel started, but Jimmy continued to talk.
“Of course.”
He smiles, fangs sharp against his lips.
“I know what it does,” Sam replied, huffy, as both him and Dean did as Benny asked. “We just never got to see one in person on planet.”
“You’re not a policeman anymore, Gordon.”
It seemed like he’d fallen into a tunnel, though it was so dark that he couldn’t see anything past the glare of the flashlights. Sam tried to block out the noise from up above, strangely disoriented when he tried to look around. The nearest tunnel wall matched the ruins above, crumbling grey stone laced with creeping roots instead of vines.
Jesus Christ. “Put it away, you two.” Dean growled. “We’re here for Sammy and Jess, if you’d forgotten.”
Benny glanced over at Sam before looking at Dean again. “I don’t know how to explain it without tellin’ ya.”
Something clamped down over his knee, forcing it still, and Dean almost got whiplash from looking down from the ceiling too fast. Castiel had reached over to pin his leg down with one hand, and when he got Dean’s attention, he just uttered a terse, “
A hand came down on his shoulder and Dean almost jumped straight out of his seat. "
He didn’t understand what he was seeing until it expanded, and the debris and fire of the explosion broke through the rising clouds.
. This just got, like, a billion times more complicated. Obviously you know Enochian, but I sure as hell don’t.”
When Dean left, Charlie turned and hit Castiel in the arm multiple times. “What the frick happened?”
“Do you know where he is now?”
“Cas, look at me for a second.” Castiel couldn’t help but do as Dean asked. It didn’t escape him that Dean was using his nickname again. “Seriously, don’t apologize. It’s not your fault. I was the one who started this mess, and I’m pretty sure Henrickson was the one who forced us into this whole Siamese twin thing. And, y’know, waiting in the library
This order had needed a special blood collection tube, to test for silver. Castiel can’t see where the bandages are, but the sallowness of Dean’s skin, and the faintest hint of still healing bruises on a creature like Dean is a telling sign. He also notices Dean’s hands, and Dean notices them too.
“I don’t think-“ Castiel started, trying to lean back himself, but Dean grabbed a handful of shirt and stopped him.
Dean was obviously more experienced at this than he was, and sober enough to use it to his advantage this time. A few careful press of lips against his and then Dean put a heavy hand on the back of his neck to deepen the kiss. Castiel lost himself in the sensation, too inexperienced to do anything but take what Dean was giving him. Too soon, Dean pulled back, Castiel trying to follow until he understood what was happening.
“That has nothing to do-“ Castiel stopped himself. “Is this another figure of speech?”
“Officer, I’m afraid we need to ask you for a ride."
As soon as his own paws touched the dirt, Amelia shot off into the forest, leaping nimbly over the small stream. Unused to running very far, Amelia couldn’t outpace Castiel, so he stayed comfortably beside her as she enjoyed the day inside the forests.
“Of course I did! I always do my check and scan twice before zero-G. I can tell you, he wasn’t in the cargo bay when we took off.”
“You know what attacked Hephaestus?” Ellen asked, quiet.
Daphne stood up, “Okay, Shawn. Time for school.” Castiel rose from his chair as well and collected the dirty dishes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Why the hell would an alpha ever leave? Was it because of an alpha spat? Or maybe Castiel was a wolf-killer, and had been driven out and exiled.
It shouldn’t have bothered him, but it did.
“Awesome.”
“And for the first question, it doesn’t hurt for me.”
“Daphne told us you’re staying with Dean for a while.” Krissy said, eyes sharp with suspicion.
He was not expecting Dean to burst out laughing.
“Hey, Dean, what can I getcha? The usual?” Ellen asked, putting her elbows on the bar.
Now that the meeting between the high ambassadors is over, the room has been repurposed as a neutral mingling ground for all the species and nonhumans that live and operate in the Northwest. It’s a place for differences to be resolved without shedding blood, and a chance to make new interspecies connections. As a Speaker for the regional vampire covens, Castiel cannot leave until the gathering has officially ended without causing offense, but he’d much rather be at home right now, alone and unbothered. In much more comfortable clothes than his tight black suit.
Dean shook his head. “Nope.”
Goddammit.
It was almost completely dark when they arrived back at Dean’s apartment complex. Once Dean turned off the engine, the only light came from the overhead streetlights and the small floodlight at the entrance of the complex, flooding everything with yellow. Without the roar of an engine or the sound of the radio to cover the absence, the air was dead silent. Dean chanced a look over at Castiel. Castiel was staring back.
“Alright, sure thing,” Charlie said, gesturing to the empty chair in her cubicle. “It’s super easy to do. Pull out your laptop and I’ll show you.”
oh my god, you guys - those comments last time literally made me cry, and there were so many! So instead of responding individually, I just want to say thank you to everyone right now - you all made my week a lot better! Fuck 'em, right?
“You’re asking if I was followed here. I wasn’t.”
“You were sleepwalking?” Dean asked, sitting next to him. “You’ve never done that before.”
Evacuation, only partly successful. The charred bones here were from the unlucky ones.
Charlie blinked in surprise before guilt crossed her features. Stepping almost into the hallway, she half-way closed the door behind her. “Uh, don’t get mad.”
“Sam, what the hell are you doing?!?” Dean’s voice broke through the fog, and Sam gaped at his furious face in confusion.
Uriel slit Jimmy’s throat in a quick motion, and blood sprayed forward as Jimmy made a horrible gurgling noise. Castiel closed his eyes too late, warm red droplets spattering his face, getting in his eyes.
but I told him myself to keep his status from anyone who didn’t already know. There are fewer complications that way. Usually.”
Dean sighed, and they fell into a silence. Now that shit had hit the fan, Castiel was downright talkative.
Castiel nodded in response.
“On somethin’, apparently. They need to do tests, but they think it was a low dose of Red. He’s been sedated and restrained for now.”
“…Thanks.”
After a second of hesitation, Castiel shook his head and stepped back.
It had been less than a week since his fall, and his bones still ached. It had also been the reason for his reluctance to sneak out of school with his girlfriend, when he would’ve jumped at the chance at any other time. They wouldn’t even miss class, but they weren’t allowed to leave the premises when school was in session, let alone go out to get lunch at the nearest fast food joint instead of their school’s dispensary (but seniors did it all the time to flaunt the establishment, so).
the interrogation.” Castiel muttered, turning back around.
“You wound me, Castiel! It’s light outside now - we’d fry to a bloody crisp.”
watched a movie before.
“You - How-“ Castiel fell silent again before trying once more, “How long have you known – about – “ he couldn’t stop fiddling with the edges of his trenchcoat, and Dean opened both eyes. “I can’t - I’m not- “
“No.”
“Oh, I just came out to grab something from the car.” Dean said. “But to hell with it.” He made his way over to the front of the car and sat down on the end of the bumper, leaving an obvious space for Castiel. “I haven’t done this in ages. Me ‘n Sammy used to do this all the time as kids.”
Sam didn’t care. He turned back around to search for Jess, trying to push his way forward.
on a Friday? He doesn’t have any other friends. Take pity on him just this once.” Charlie turned on the puppy-dog eyes.
“Perfectly,” Gordon answered, smiling. “Now,” he held up his own pair of handcuffs, “one for the girl.” He tossed them over, and Krissy put them on after a look from Dean. When they were both cuffed, Gordon relaxed his hold on the gun, making his way closer. He was still wearing his police uniform from this afternoon, when Dean had seen him at the diner.
“Besides some rather personal reasons, it is much easier to help omegas when they do not see me as another threat,” Castiel replied, moving out of the kitchen into the front hall to shrug on his trenchcoat and grab his backpack. “If you’re done questioning me, I need to get to class. I’ll set the house alarm again, and Daphne and I will both have our cellphones if you need to call us. The officer should arrive after I return from my classes.” Castiel paused in the doorway to await a response, but Krissy only nodded her head once and didn’t say anything else. This conversation was definitely not over, but Castiel could tell it had reached a stopping point. For now.
“Yup.” Sam said.
gesture
"Now I'm wondering," Benny said, looking him up and down, sizing him up, "how did you manage to take down an alpha on Red? Last time we had an alpha on that stuff, it took three officers to restrain him. And, no offense, you don't look the type."
“Oh, and Dean?”
“In an hour, I believe.”
Castiel sat up a little more in bed, resting on one elbow. “Why not?”
Dean finally appeared from the bedroom in the back of the apartment, hair still dark from a recent shower, wearing a worn T-shirt, a necklace, and jeans torn at the knees. It was disarming to see Dean in such casual clothes.
This room wasn’t as bright as the hallway, it only had one dim light hanging from the ceiling, but it was enough to see the girl, an omega now that he was close enough to scent her, huddling in a cage. The hair rose on the back of his neck when his eyes darted around the room. She was the only one in the room besides him, but there were more than a dozen other cages, empty and waiting, and the room was drenched in the smells of fear and desperation. He knew what this was, every omega did. It made Dean break out in a cold sweat just being in here.
“Dean,
His phone started ringing. Great.
, Three Years Ago
Neither of them got up.
Their argument ground to a halt. “Uh.” Dean said.
After a moment of silent conflict, Dean sighed and leaned forward again. Fine. Wasn’t like Sammy or Benny hadn't done this before for him anyways, after he'd gotten himself into a scuffle.
“Sam, I expect you to
For all that he had excitedly pored over the information for this site, Sam remembered no mention of an underground section. The possibility that he had just discovered something new sent a little frission of excitement through him, but then the pain from his arm dampened the feeling.
“Which is?”
Dean could feel himself break out into a cold sweat. “What are you talking ab-“
Both Dean and Castiel watched, curious, as Henrickson paced by the counter, frowning at whatever the other person was telling him. Henrickson talked too quietly for Dean to hear, but then an idea formed in Dean’s head. “Hey, Cas,” he murmured, elbowing him in the side to get his attention, “how good's your hearing?”
Happy Memorial Day!
“But you won’t tell us all of the truth.” Dean said, surprising them both.
“Comatose?” Dean guessed, and the nurse nodded.
Tilting his head in suspicion, Cas continued, “…She also told me to tell you that she’s not old.”
Castiel realized what Jimmy had done too late. “Wait, please, don’t-“
“Maybe you should’ve thought of that beforehand. Might’ve saved you the trouble.” Castiel snaps, opening his door. There’s a few moments of confusion as Dean tries to follow him into his room, and Castiel blocks him and tries to close the door on him.
“How do ya want ‘em?”
“What the f-“ the nurse started, dropping the photo display and scrambling to keep the man from falling out of the small cot.
Sam skirted the crowd and turned away from the screen, thinking of the man in the trenchcoat.
“Hey,” Dean said, breaking the silence, and Castiel looked over to see him pointing at the street sign when they turned onto it. “Keep a look out. We’re close.”
He thought for a moment, and his eyes flicked to Dean. “If I am not imposing, and Off - Dean does not mind.”
Interesting. Maybe there was a code in the flash drive that sent out notice if someone tried to access it. “Why are you giving it to me, now?”
The shaking was getting worse.
“Don’t care. I thought no one would find me! One more thing like Novak and I am outta here.” Movement inside alerted Dean, so he shuffled his feet on the carpet and rapped his knuckles on the door.
Castiel frowned. “No.”
Castiel feels himself grinning wide before he can stop it. It’s been a while since he’d intentionally used his full powers to compel someone. He’d forgotten how revealing it could be.
Hannah moves against his side, catching his attention. “Would you like some whole blood to take the edge off? The coven scheduled a donation for us.”
“Jeez, okay. Sorry.” Sam looked between Benny and Dean and his eyes bugged out a little. “Wait, you said he took all that Red – was he-?”
“You think Cordeline can’t hold her own in a fight?”
When they both nodded, AJ opened the door silently and bolted towards the front of the house, going for the parked Impala. Dean and Castiel darted over to the next house, behind the hedge that encircled it.
Castiel stayed where he was, reaching into the pouch and pulling out a smaller black rectangle. He held the small form out, and the straight edges and size were instantly recognizable. “You know what this is, correct?”
After they had finished up, they all got into the Impala, tired and ready to be done with this hunt. Dean sat in the back, Raz curled in his lap, and Ash jumped in the passenger seat. It was after midnight, so the ride back to the motel room was dark and quiet, interspersed only with the bright stabbing headlights of passing cars. When they got back to the motel room, Sam was already asleep in the bed farthest from the door, Millie tucked in securely beside him. Dean crawled into the bed with Sam, careful not to wake him with his movements, and Raz jumped in with him, under the covers.
They had to pass through the library on their way to the café where Sam normally ate, and Jess suddenly stopped them both after glancing further into the building. Dean followed her gaze, eyes snagging on a familiar mess of dark hair. He was sitting down at an otherwise empty table, facing the other direction with his head down, but Dean could tell it was Cas. God, the man was suddenly appearing everywhere now.
“Nothing.” She replied. She twirled her keys around her fingers before pocketing them. “I’ll see you later, okay?”
“That’s weeks away!” Jo said, gesturing sharply. “What the hell will we be doing with him until then?”
“I really hate mysteries on a ship, but we cannot just space him without very good cause. Joshua, will we be able to make it with another person on board?”
The ground trembled under their feet as another piece of Sahaqiel broke off and plummeted to the earth a few yards away, sending up a plume of dirt and dust. Dean clutched at his leg, hissing in pain at the sudden movement.
“Fucking idiot.” Dean muttered, turning back to the mirror.
“Dean? Did something happen to him? Is he at the hospital?” Sam got off his bed, laundry forgotten.
“Of course, Dad.” Bess says, and leads them towards the growing noise of conversation.
It took Sam more tries than he could ever care to remember to have someone point out the nearest public access. When he stepped into the lobby, he had to query the reception kiosk to show him the input room. It was one of the only free places to have access to the Net for people who could not get or could not afford implants to experience it without the limitation of a boring comm screen. Sam passed a few people at cubicles, physically wired in, eyes tracking things he couldn’t see. The input room was empty – not often used, and smelling of dust and old sweat.
Castiel looks to Meg, panicked. She pats him on the shoulder, patronizingly. “Poor thing. Don’t worry, I won’t abandon you with your underdeveloped social skills. That would be a travesty.”
Sam made himself look out the window again, made himself watch as the other shuttles were engulfed in the dark wall of the approaching maelstorm, blocking out the light until it filled the small window.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean smiled wanly at the response. That was good. Dean trusted her to make the right call for Krissy and Shawn, just like she had tried to do for Sammy and him before John had moved them out of Lawrence. When Dean didn’t say anything else, a rather comfortable silence descended as they all focused on eating instead of talking.
The Impala had passed hands to Ellen, a dear friend of his mom. She’d had no patience for John. They’d lost touch a long time ago, but as far as he knew, the Impala had never been renamed.
Castiel hovered by the side of the car before sitting down again. “Do you have a favorite constellation?”
“Hm.” Dean said. The sound of a slow, steady drip of water echoed from nearby in the silence. “You don’t have families like we do then.”
It wasn’t until he reached his room and closed the door behind him that he realized. Castiel had been in here – had made his bed, and had even left his dirty clothes behind in the corner, and Dean thought he could just roll around in the scent forever. And that's when he finally fucking realized what this was.
Henrickson was still conscious but fading fast. Blood bubbled out of his mouth as he choked, trying to breathe. Based on the bullet entry on the upper chest, it'd gone through his lung. He’d drown on his own blood before anyone else would arrive, and Dean couldn’t do anything to save him.
Castiel held up one finger, a look of concentration on his face, and they all watched him with trepidation. “I think I’m starting to feel something.” They all watched him for a second more. He belched.
Normally, it wouldn’t be a temptation, but Castiel feels it keenly here. Sighing in regret, Castiel looks at Dean’s trusting face and commits it to memory. Now he can look his fill without breaking any social norms, and he does so without any shame, taking in the youthful freckles and slight scruff. His clawed hands are still half-clenched in the bed sheets.
Something was wrong.
Daphne tugged on his arm again, “Dean, I think we should leave him alone.” There was a note of warning in her voice this time. Dean looked at her incredulously.
Both Charlie and Dean turned to stare at him. Charlie even paused in taking a bite out of a large piece of garlic bread and lowered it down to her plate. “How is that even possible?”
“Oh, yeah, Cas,” Dean grinned. “There’s not a snowball’s chance in hell I’m leaving you to your own devices. We have a lot of things to talk about.”
“It was a last resort, after finding out you were being blackmailed by Henrickson. I had to find someone who’d have a chance on figuring it out after I-“ he paused. “-if the worst happened. We can go visit her. I doubt they suspect I have any connection with Charlie, after all.”
Sam turned to Jess. “In the
“Dunno.” Shrugging, Dean turned back to his computer. “Just moved into town. Couldn’t tell what he was. Scent blocker. Without a cover scent.”
two chapters in a couple days?! whaaat?!?
“Hey, Cas, close that laptop, would you?” Dean gestured to the laptop with a jerk of his head. Without looking back at Cas, he turned back to Ruby. The snick of the laptop lid closing told him that Cas had done as ordered.
He knocked on the door to the apartment, and Dean immediately opened it. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean lunged and pushed Castiel down, hearing the sharp report of a gun over the shattering glass.
. He was the kind of officer that Dean had avoided like the plague during his younger years – police officers who only looked the other way and smirked if they saw an omega being forced into a back alley. Dean had seen it happen before.
A cold flash went through him at the sight.
“Oh my blerg, it smells so good in here!” Charlie almost moaned as she walked into the apartment. “
The door he’d forgotten to lock pushed open, and Castiel took one step in before he saw Dean and froze.
As Ash took off the cast, Jo poked her head into the examination room. “Hey guys. Ash, are you almost done? I’m supposed to assign them their own bunks.”
So that’s why Cas had finally accepted Daphne’s offer to stay with her. “Does Daphne know all this?”
“Always so charming, Winchester. Glad to see that Alistair didn’t take that from you.” At that, Dean snapped his mouth shut and the man turned his attention to Castiel. For a long moment, he appraised Castiel. “And you don’t recognize me, do you?”
Castiel woke up to someone poking his cheek. “Hey. Hey, mister. Daphne says to wake up.” Scrunching up his face under the assault, Castiel cracked open an eye to see Shawn already up, bent over him.
When she got enough breath back, she turned her head at an awkward angle, “Fuck you, Dean. I never told Gordon to kill Henrickson-“
Sammy just shook his head in resignation as Dean saluted him. He seemed to be incapable of not embarrassing a Law professor in front of students. Jess grabbed the raised arm and put it down, linking her own arms through each of theirs.
“Yes. I have it. Chicago.” Castiel replied, and ended the call, finally giving the phone back to Dean.
“The comet that was supposed to pass close by Hephaestus seems to have changed trajectory to collide with the planet. There is currently no plausible explanation as to how the comet managed to do so, but most believe it has something to do with the large AGF field now emanating from Hephaestus. The leading theory is that this was a planned attack, to cut off production of the crucial AGF material to produce-“
