hadn't been where he'd last left it.  Still, after finding nothing different in his sketchbooks, Steve had to admit, he wasn't really expecting anything from this new finding.  Nonetheless, he dutifully opened his journal up, flipping over to the last entry -
“Wait, what?” Tony sputtered, nearly spitting out his coffee.  “What do you mean, tomorrow?  It’s only the fourth day, isn’t it?  We have three more days before the airship stops coming for us.”
, he prayed in the few seconds he had before impact.
"There might still be something to this," Tony said.  "Let's see the rest."
“Sorry,” Tony continued with a sigh.  “Look, Steve, I want to share something with you, if you want to listen.  Do you know why I had a metal plate over my heart?”
Ty shrugged.  "If that's what you want to call it."
it was Steve.  “Hey,” he tried again.  “You alright?”
Steve, still outside, turned to look at the two surviving biters—the last one had hit its head upon falling and was no longer moving.  He should take them down, he thought.  After all, he knew full well by now that once they'd reached this point, there was no going back.  If the three of them came back out through this window, leaving the biters alive could cause them problems.
by his little speech.  For God's sake, the man was Captain America.  Tony had heard stories about him, and they weren't even from magazines of men's adventures.  He found himself wondering again what the hell a man like Cap—a leader on the battlefield, a master of military tactics—was doing
Tony looked at the map, then back at Rogers.  God.  “Boy Scout doesn’t even begin to describe you,” he said.  He brought out one of his own toys, a tracking device he’d designed years ago but hadn’t had a chance to use until now—wars tended to take up a lot of his time.  “I was thinking we’d use this instead.”
“I am?” Tony blurts out.
Tony snorts, moving toward the railing and leaning against it.  “God, no.  She’s part of the problem.”
, because he'd failed to hold on to the thing that mattered most to him - but he managed.  He would look in the mirror, staring at the chestpiece he'd have to wear for the rest of his life, and then he would remember that having an imperfect body had never stopped Steve from being perfect.  He would suit up, ready to put his life on the line for something he believed in, and in doing so carry out Steve's memory. And at night, alone in bed, he would reach over to place his fingers against his wrist, feeling the thrum of his pulse, and he would be reminded that Steve had seen in him someone worth fighting for.
A part of him wonders if this is right, disappearing into the city under a different name and never making contact with them again.  It’s probably not approved behavior, but then again, when has he ever cared about whether or not anyone approves of him?  And sure, a part of him knows that he can’t stay hidden forever.  He’s going to do things.  Invent things.  Sooner or later, his picture will be plastered across all the newspapers, and sooner or later, someone will see.  But then he thinks—
"This isn't what I signed up for," Tony said, tossing the folder onto the table and giving Fury's one good eye the best glare he possibly could.  "If I wanted to keep on hunting for mystical relics, I would have.  I signed up for the war effort instead.  I think that should have told you where my priorities currently lie."
Tony laughed.  "The feeling is mutual," he replied as he, then Steve, shook her hand.  "Nothing like a worldwide disaster to bring people together, huh?"
"The same way you fight for anything or anyone that isn't right there in front of you," Ma said.
"I want to see how much Burnside looks like Steve," Stark said as Steve rolled his eyes.  "Definitely count me in."
"Then let's pull them."
As if on cue, Jan and Hank emerge from the quinjet and are joined shortly by Namor, who pulls Steve’s coffin into the water.  If any of them notice the redness of Tony’s eyes or the wetness on his cheeks, they don’t say anything about it.  “As long as I rule these oceans, Steve Rogers’ rest will go undisturbed,” Namor promises, and both he and the coffin vanish from the surface.
Even though he knew it was a completely irrational thing to do, he shook the stone in his hand like he would a pair of dice, as though some kinetic energy might be enough to make it glow again.  Rather predictably, though, it stayed dark, and if it weren’t for the fact that he and Rogers had argued over this less than five minutes ago, Tony would have thought that he’d just imagined it all.
"Oh," Jessica said faintly, but she stepped back, holding up a hand.  "This is too kind.  But we can't."
.  God, he'd spent so long moping over the lack of journal that he'd completely forgotten about everything else.
Later, he and Steve sit together in the ruins of the mansion kitchen where they’d shared so many coffees in the past, long after the other Avengers have left.  “I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve says.  He reaches out to take his hand, and Tony lets him.  “You never really get over the loss of someone important to you.  All you can do is wait for it to stop hurting so much.”
He didn't have long to recover, though.  The fire was starting to spread, and Tony was still gunning down biters at the doorway.  Steve picked up their things again, pulled his shield out of Tem's body, and ran over to Tony.  "Ready to go?"
sound this way.  Cap was supposed to be fearless, and yet right now… he sounded almost afraid.
—he couldn’t just be firing repulsor rays into his face.  Still, he kept his hand out anyway, hoping it might serve as a distraction or something.  “Steve, snap out of it!”
Then the light faded, and for several seconds, everything was quiet save for the sound of their panting.  A moment later, the sabretooth made a terrible gurgling noise and collapsed right onto Tony, the sudden shift in weight forcing a strained whimper from his lips.
Eventually, he fell asleep with his laptop still running, the nonsense final words Steve had left him swimming in his head in a futile attempt to protect him the truth of everything else.
"What are you trying to say?" Steve asked, his eyes squeezing shut.  He wasn't sure if he'd actually accepted any of this yet.  He didn't think he had.  "You've been dying this whole time?"
“Oh, God,” Tony breathes into his hands, and no matter how many times he weeps over Steve Rogers and thinks it’ll be the last time, he’s wrong, he’s always, always wrong.
, Tony realized with a jolt.  In their short time together, Tony had never heard Cap sound this way before.  He could barely even comprehend the idea that Cap
"Yes," Stark agreed, running a hand through his hair.  "But I guess you'll have to make a liar out of me.  I just… I wasn't expecting you to wake up today, of all days, and… I need time.  I'm sorry."
He doesn’t understand how on earth a damned piece of legislation was worth more to him than Steve’s life.
what he was looking at?  “Yeah,” he said.  “I brought fireworks.  What of it?”
Steve was curious - how could he not be? - but he also wasn't sure he could handle learning so much more this late in the day.  "I think I'm good tonight."
"No," Cap cut in, still staring wide-eyed at him.  "That was real enlightening.  Thanks."
"This road," Steve replied.  "If we follow it, we'll be in Brooklyn Heights."
The others managed.  Tony didn't know how, but they got him to calm down, and then Wasp reached forward, placing a gentle hand against Steve's shoulder.  She was touching him, her palm against his body, something Tony had longed to do for years. He could do it now, but he was still frozen here, and anyway - he didn't deserve it.  Not after what had happened. It was one thing to have found peace when his worst mistake was lost to time and the currents; it was another when it was right here, staring him in the face.
It’s easy to be upset right back.  Easy to try and ignore Steve, to try and
“So,” he said, turning to look back at Rogers.  “Got any ideas?”
"Because you were blowing up our research divisions!" Tony snapped back.  What the hell was this?  Birch should have been behind bars for the rest of his life, and yet here he was, sitting free on an aircraft carrier off the shore of Turkey.  He slammed a hand against one of the shelves, his patience frayed.  "What do you want?  Why are you here?"
"Really?"  Tony was dubious.  "Monday's an A-day this week.  I checked yesterday."
Tony paused briefly with his tinkering.  "I don't know," he said at last.  "People don't just… have Makarovs.  And I think the word she said earlier was Russian.  Didn't recognize it, though.  But maybe it doesn't mean anything.  It's too early to tell."  He went to try the faucet again, beaming when a small stream of water came out and wetting a towel with it.  "Alright, leg out."
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony says, but inside, he’s painfully aware of what she’s saying.  Of course he knows.  He’s known of every single time Steve has approached his office and his home.  He has to, in order to hide himself away so that he doesn’t have to look at him.
"Jarvis faked a heart attack so that they'd try and give him medical attention," Pepper said breathlessly.  "We took our chance and overpowered the guards.  Trying to take over the whole carrier now so we can get out of here.  I was going to take on the guys up here but—"  She glanced over Tony's shoulder to see the men he'd taken down earlier.  "That may not be needed anymore.  But there's still other things to take care of."  She paused then, glancing off to the side before looking back at him.  "Tony.  There's this man who's been tracking us.  He's here.  He locked himself up somewhere and he's armed and he definitely has that last fragment.  You have to find him."
"No," Steve said automatically, but then he squeezed his eyes shut, one fist clenching.  "...Yes," he admitted a moment later. "But…"
“No,” the man replies, undeterred.  “You’re on the wrong side of the rail.  Won’t you come back?”
Which was ridiculous.  Magic wasn't real. Switching bodies wasn't a thing that
"Let's see," he said as he opened up the folder with all the mission details that he'd been given.  "British air base, it says here. Something about guarding some sort of experimental plane from Nazi spies."
"Oh, thank God," she said.  There was another sniffle.  "We were so worried.  Can… can you open your eyes?"
, and obviously he had to get that too because who would see an omelette line and not get an omelette?
Tony laid damp and shivering on the pile of thin blankets that served as his bed afterward, watching Yinsen stir something in a pot over a fire and keeping his breathing in time with the motion of Yinsen's hand.  It was mildly soothing, and at this point he would take any comfort he could get.
"I'm not going to let you make him - make me think that's not okay," he said, and then he walked right past Tony's Pa, all the way back to his room where he shut the door behind him.
, Steve wrote.
“Fighting Kang?”
, and Tony watched in horror as he managed to get a hold of one of the drone's wings, holding on as tight as he could.
Privately, he had to give himself negative marks for imagination.  More than fifty years into the future, and the best he could come up with was a screen connected to a typewriter?  It was certainly intriguing, but he'd thought that there'd be… more. For one, surely these screens could stand to be bigger, and maybe actually show color.  And he'd kind of hoped there would be mechanized cleaning machines that could roll or fly everywhere, and he hadn't seen a single one of those.
He hit the ground with a sharp cry, the impact setting off another wave of pain from his bullet wound.  For a moment, Steve could only lie there in agony, his whole body aching.  By the time he was able to force himself up, four of the biters had followed him over the railing, and more were coming—whether because of the noise he'd made upon landing or just bad luck, he didn't know.  It didn't matter.  The only thing that
So he did that, and then he laid there in the sand and waited.  He wasn't sure for what. Death or salvation, he supposed, because he'd done as much as he could on his own.  But at least no matter what else happened, he was free, and the people who had taken him would never hurt anyone else again.
"No," Steve said, because even if some of the things Tony was saying touched on the truth, he couldn't let Tony believe he deserved to carry such a weight on his shoulders.  "You weren't the person who made the Jericho into a biological weapon.  You weren't the person who made a damned biter infection to begin with.  For God's sake, this is Hydra we're talking about.  It doesn't matter if they used your design as a starting point or not.  They would have got there anyway.
"Jesus," Tony murmured as he stood beside Steve, gazing south—the direction they wanted to head toward.  The problem was that there was a giant mass of biters slowly lumbering toward them, stretching out as far as the eye could see.  "It's been a while since I've seen such a large group."
carry you, so I will," he said.  "Is that something you're opposed to?"
But since Steve was having none of it, apparently, he pulled out another box, showing it to him.  “Do franks and beans appeal more to your picky palette?”  When Steve just shook his head again, Tony sighed, dumping the remaining contents of his pack onto the floor.  “Well, what do you want?  Black beans?  Chicken and noodles?  I’m not carrying around a five-star restaurant on my back, Steve.  I ate pinto beans last night.”
"Damn right I have."  Tony carefully made his way to the thing that had nearly went through Cap's head, pulling a pair of gloves out of a pocket and sliding them on before picking the item up.  "It's an arrow," he said, the light of his flashlight sweeping along the far wall.  "Some of the tiles on the floor must be triggering… I don't know.  Crossbows, I guess?  There's almost certainly more than one of these lying in wait."
“I could still ditch you and do this alone,” he announced to the empty room.
"Mr. Jarvis," Cap interrupted.  Tony wasn't sure who to be more impressed by—Jarvis, for getting into Cap's personal space despite all the near-legendary tales of heroics surrounding the other man, or Cap, for having an angry Jarvis' attention on him and
," he said.  "Plural."
That didn't seem right.  Yesterday was Sunday. Logically, it followed that today was Monday.  "Ty, you know that as far as pranks go, this one is pretty sad, right?" he had to ask.
Yeah, Tony could see that.  He'd set up the date, but he wasn't around when the date actually happened, so Steve had to go instead.  Not that Tony minded, really. He was happy to help Steve out with these things, because he was a perfectly dateable young man despite his size - it was just a matter of confidence.  The more practice he got, the better. The problem was that Steve didn't seem very interested in practice, considering how many times he'd scribbled
They glanced at each other; Pepper looked particularly uneasy.  "It sounded like aircraft," she said.
"Oh, I wish the gaping stab wound in my stomach was my only injury," Carol said, laughing weakly.  "But no, I'm definitely bit."  She carefully stuck out a leg, revealing torn pants and a wound that was festering, but hardly looked like a bite.  "It barely broke the skin," she said.  "That's why I'm still alive.  But between this and bleeding out, I'm not gonna last much longer."  She exhaled softly, looking up at the ceiling.  "Until you came, I guess I just wanted to make sure I wouldn't die by being torn apart by the others.  But…"
’ hero, regardless of what Tony himself thought—as though he could see something in him that Tony was missing.
, even if whatever it did didn't manifest itself to him.  But he didn't know what that something was, and it was driving him crazy.
to be.
Tony wasn't very sure what happened in the next few minutes.  He was dimly aware of Jarvis shouting for Pepper, asking her to take over something.  Flying the airship, maybe.  But she didn't know how to fly it?
Tony looked around at them.  "There are four of us," he said.  "Three of us should split up and start searching.  The fourth person should keep watch.  No one seems to be around for now, but this is wartime.  We should be careful."
Tony leaned over, one arm outstretched.  "Yeah, just grab my hand!"
"If the crossbows are along the walls, I could use the shield to disable them from a distance," Cap suggested.
“T-thanks,” Tony manages.  “Christ, I’ve never met anyone so… huggy before.”
looking as though he were going to wet himself.  "Getting him killed is the last thing I want.  But you know as well as I do—better, probably—that he's not going to stay here if he doesn't want to."  His lips twitched.  "I've seen it enough in
The other man’s gaze dropped down to his chest, though his metal plate was now covered by the shirt.  “Promise me that if we continue, you’re not going to drop dead on me.”
Steve stepped toward it, taking in a deep breath.  It smelled—good.  Not like dying and dead people, which was something—as terrible as it was to admit—that he'd started to get used to.  "It's nice," he said intelligently.
"Maybe they're on the other side?" Steve tried.
He’s emptying the pot when his father storms into the room, and he groans, leaning back in his chair.  “Did Sunset come running to you?” he asks.  “Are you here to defend her honor?”
had mattered to him.  And that… that was pretty much a minor miracle, really.  Tony had never been able to imagine that a person like Cap would ever think that way.
Tony looks ahead to the next few pages.  “France, huh?  You liked her.”
"We'll be able to land," Tony replied as the airship gave another lurch.  That was the nicest phrasing he could think of.  He pulled away, unsteadily making his way toward Cap and the suit.  "Think you can help me in there?"
It seemed as though she knew nothing about Project Rebirth, and Steve was keen to keep it that way.  "So you want to find a cure," he said, changing the topic.  "There was no need to keep me here by force.  I would have helped."
Steve stares at him, trying to process it—they have a chance?  How is that even possible?  After a moment, though, he remembers to nod, squeezing Tony’s hand back.  “Alright,” he says.  He has no idea what Tony’s thinking or how good their chances actually are or
Steve was supposed to die today.
Deep down, Tony knew it couldn't last.  In time, Steve would tire of him, and then maybe he'd be the one trying to live a life of naps and all-nighters so that he wouldn't have to see Tony anymore.  After all, there had to be a reason that up until now, Tony only had Ty as an actual friend.
Tony's lips parted, and for the second time in mere minutes he found himself at a loss for words.  It was just—Cap
“Shit,” he said.  “How long was I out?”
Gone.  They'd tried so hard to unite the pieces, only to have it disappear once they had finally succeeded.  Tony didn't know how to feel about it.  Maybe that was okay.  Maybe the only thing they had ever really needed to do was to keep it away from those who would have used it for harm.  And if it had vanished itself, then maybe they had done good.
"'Please'," Tony repeated.  God.  Was Cap even real?  "Alright.  Alright.  Let me… find it."  He managed to sit up, pulling his pack toward him and reaching inside.  Once he found the jar, he tossed it to Cap, who caught it.  "If you ask me, it looks exactly the same as it did before."
“No,” Tony said fiercely, setting down his mug.  “I want to keep going.  We’re in this deep, and so help me God, we are going to stay down here.”
.  And now, to have lost him, to just as well have Steve’s blood on his hands, to have paid the cost of a working heart with Steve’s life…
"Some service," Tony muttered.  When Steve looked to him for an explanation, he continued, "After the war, we heard rumors that the Soviets had trained these… super spies and sent them to China and the U.S. to infiltrate the government and other places of interest.  They were supposed to be beautiful, deadly women… hence the moniker 'Black Widow'."  Steve tightened his grip on the woman—Natasha—at that, but she still didn't seem interested in putting up a fight.  Didn't hurt to be careful, though.  "And it looks like we've managed to stumble upon one now.  But—" Tony paused, plucking the papers out of Natasha's hand—"no harm done.  We don't want to fight you, Natasha.  So we'll go and you can stay here at the hospital.  How's that sound?"
Yeah.  Definitely real.
There was a long pause.  Tony looked over the edge of the roof one more time, then got up and made his way to the center before sitting back down, Steve silently following after him.
And that’s when Tony decides right then and there that this soulmate business is complete bullshit.  Being fooled by his words once is bad enough, he thinks, so he’s not going to give them a chance to fool him a second time.   With that, he covers them up for good, and then he tells himself he’s never going to look at them again.
Steve blinked at him a few times, looking surprised.  He then hesitated for a moment, as though he was still shocked that Tony was actually opening up about this, then eventually shook his head.
It’s not easy.  Steve is mostly lying down, because sitting upright would mess with the weight distribution too much, and Tony’s shoulder is kind enough to give him hell—he has to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from crying out.  Slowly but surely, though, Steve pulls him out of the water, and Tony reaches out with his bad arm to push himself up the rest of the way.  Finally, he’s lying there on the raft, gasping from the pain and the cold and the
That… was a good point.  Steve wasn't entirely sure what was in the bag Stark had offered, but he remembered them finding beef jerky and cans of chili recently, which probably wasn't the greatest thing to feed a newborn.  "Does this Burnside have baby formula?" he asked.
“You met me while I was in the middle of trying to get away from it all,” Tony replies.  “That’s… the opposite of being brave.  Or smart.”
He knew as soon as consciousness returned to him that something was off.  The bed, the ambient noise, the light filtering through his eyelids all felt wrong.
Tony's hands emerged, covered in blood and… other matter.  Steve had seen a lot of awful things during the war, but this came pretty close to taking the cake.  "Remember what I told you?" Tony asked, his eyes downcast.  His hands were shaking slightly.  "Sound and smell, Steve.  If we smell like this, we don't smell like ourselves."  He started to rub the guts all over his clothes, gaze flickering upward.  "Don't wait.  We don't have a lot of time until they reach us."
"I'm not going to risk that."
Well, technically, he wasn't yet, because despite his apparent best efforts, no one wanted to enlist him - something Tony couldn't exactly blame the recruiters for, to be truthful.  But he was, according to the forms Tony had seen lying around, trying his best, and Tony had an uncomfortable feeling that Steve would be persistent enough to actually succeed.
Steve looked at the gunk in his hands.  "Is that moss?" he asked.
"What choice do we have?"  Tony's gaze flickered toward him again - sure enough, Yinsen was still looking his way.  "Everyone here knows I'll be dead in a week."
at the bottom of the letter, just because they were ghosts didn't mean they didn't matter anymore.  They were the people who'd raised Steve, and so they were important.
Tony just grunted in response, watching his hands as they worked.  They were nice hands, he supposed.  Big, too.  He liked big hands.  “You know what you’re doing.”
a thought he never thought he'd have?  There was movement below, and Tony realized Rhodey was still in there, hacking at the walls.  "Rhodey?" he yelled hoarsely.
“I grew up.”
Steve wavers for a moment, like he wants to talk back, but one look down at the water pooling above their waists is enough to convince him otherwise.  “I’ll look at that when we’re higher up,” he says finally, reaching down to take Tony’s hand, the one connected to the good arm.  “Let’s go.”
- was speaking again, and Tony forced himself to pay attention.  What followed was surprisingly mundane - just a simple recounting of practice, breakfast and lunch with Ty, and classes.  Tony couldn't help but find it kind of sweet that Steve had tried to faithfully recount the events of the day for Tony's benefit, even when he cringed at how poorly practice had gone and how Steve had apparently turned down an invite to see
“Could you
Hence why not waking up with a hangover was so odd.
Tony was ridiculous sometimes, and Steve couldn't help but quirk his lips.  "You okay?" he asked softly.
Tony didn't answer.  Instead, he unwrapped one arm from around himself, slipping it around Steve in return, and together they held on for dear life.
Steve sighs, as though having an incredibly gorgeous man on top of him demanding to be touched is something to be exasperated about.  “Come here, then.”  He reaches up, making quick work of the buttons on his shirt—for a moment, he’s tempted to just tear the thing off, but that would probably mean having to pick up all the stray buttons once they’re done and he doesn’t really want to do that—then pushes it off, swallowing as he exposes Tony’s body again.  And though he’s
Whatever had happened when Tony had last done it must have been terrible, and Steve decided not to press.  "Hey," he said.  "It's okay.  We'll get through this."
The half-amused expression was replaced by one of genuine concern, and the stranger stepped back, holding up his hands.  "Hey, whoa. It's me. Ty. Are you okay, Tony?"
Tony smiles to himself, and then he steps down and goes back to bed.
Because this was the exquisite revelation that Tony had had lying in the cave as Yinsen looked so piercingly at him, his steady hand moving back and forth, back and forth while stirring the pot: Tony was the pulse and Steve was his heart, and the only way Steve would ever survive would be if the pulse kept beating.  He was gone, but at the same time he wasn't because Tony remembered his goodness and his strength, and carrying those things with him was enough to make his life worth something.
Well, okay, he knew what to do, sort of.  At the very least, he had to get Rogers’ shield—from what he’d heard, it was a miracle of modern engineering, and no way was he going to leave it down here at the mercy of stray giant cats, indestructible or not.
A shadow of… something flickered across Cap's face, and Tony wasn't sure if he'd only imagined it.  "What do you mean?" he asked.
, his face goes pale, and he disappears.
This was nonsense and Tony disagreed with everything that was happening right now.  "So then what?" he challenged.  "You all are just gonna land, get off, and hope for the best?"
To Tony’s surprise, the sabretooth
"We'll do it," Cap asserted with a nod.  "We got you.  It'll be fine."
?  Am I right?  Did I get that?”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow at him, clearly unimpressed by his lack of response.  "Do you want me to go get him?"
Anyway, now they were both awake, so Tony supposed it was time to grab something to eat before heading out.  He glanced out the entrance of the cave they’d taken shelter in last night, squinting at the sunlight.  Still early, it seemed.  That was good.
It missed.
There was another door, as it turned out, one that swung open after a few well-placed strikes from Cap's shield.  It didn't lead up or down—it led, instead, to another room, one lit by only whatever was coming from outside the room.
Steve glanced at the body Jessica had been kneeling at—Peter's?—and headed for the door.  "I'll go first," he said, pausing once he was in front of it to listen.  He could still hear the moaning of the remaining biters from all around, but he didn't think any of the sounds were coming from inside.  If someone was in there, they were being very quiet.  Carefully, he tried opening the door, but apparently it was locked from inside, because it didn't give.  "Stand back," he told them, and then he kicked the door open.
And that wasn't the only thing.  She lunged weakly at him, revealing, as she did, that her eyes were white, and her teeth were stained with brown and red.  She responded to the sound of his voice, but only in the most basic of ways, working her jaw whenever he spoke.  Something was very wrong, and Steve needed to help.
They took off.  It wasn't long after that when he could hear the pelting of bullets hit the ground—they'd been spotted, clearly, though the planes were still too far away to be accurate.  It was nonetheless enough to make Tony's pulse jump, and not for the first time, he was grateful that the coil of orichalcum was there to keep his heart beating, no matter how fast it was going.
"I read your books in college, you know," he said softly after a while.  "They were brilliant."
, too.
Tony wasn't sure how much time he wanted to spend explaining things, especially when Birch was the one who should be doing all the talking.  He needed to know the story behind all the weapons down here.  But Birch wasn't attacking them—yet—and Cap was lost.  So he stared at Birch dead in the eye, then said aloud, "A criminal.  One who once worked for me."
, as Steve would say, Tony had had a
Steve looked back at the bag.  There was a box in there, and he brought it out, opening it to reveal several bullets.  He swallowed and offered the box to Tony, who stared at it before taking out one bullet, replacing it, and then taking out another bullet.  He repeated this a few times until he finally found one bullet he was apparently satisfied with, sliding it into the magazine and handing it back to Steve.  "Now… now we're ready."
like they were friends, but maybe Steve didn't feel the same way.  And with Steve hurting the way he was, Tony didn't want to burden him with - well, himself.  Steve had enough to deal with.
Before he knew it, he was yawning into the blankets, having pulled the black box into the bed with him to listen to it all.  But he wasn't ready for sleep, not yet. There was still one more thing he wanted to try - an option on the right side of the screen that said "RECORD".
He could figure it out later.  For now, he thought that maybe he was ready to read the rest of Steve's entries, so he padded back to the bedroom, dusting off his clothes to the best of his ability before crawling onto the bed and picking up the journal.
Tony whines softly, nuzzling against him some more and slipping his arms loosely around his body.  “Can’t we?”
He was cut off by a sudden whooshing sound.  "Down!" Steve cried, pulling Tony with him as
"Santos-Dumont," Cap repeated.  He'd placed the tips of his fingers against his head.  "S.  That's the first letter of the passphrase you need to stop it from going off."
It was never your fault, Tony thought, and then he felt a stab of guilt.  He knew just what event Steve was referring to when he said
Blinking, Tony follows his gaze to look at his shoulder, then looks back at Steve and shrugs.  “It doesn’t matter,” he says.
"Sounds straightforward enough," Steve said.  Of course, he'd had his fair share of unexpected turns of events, but he was adept enough at working around them.  "So which of you two is going?"
“Right.”  Looking slightly mollified, Rogers turned his attention back to the roads, working off of… whatever map he had managed to build in his head.  Did he have a photographic memory?  Tony wondered if he’d always been like that, or if it was yet another effect of the serum.  “You know, it’s weird…”
"You really should rest," Cap said.
It doesn’t matter, anyway.  Nothing matters.  Just a few more minutes, and he won’t ever have to worry about anything ever again.
Thankfully, Cap didn't pry, even though Tony was pretty sure he'd filed that verbal misstep away.  "Either way," he said, "as someone who's spent time dealing with the Nazis, I know first-hand how dangerous they can be, and it's in everyone's best interest to make sure that they don't get what they want.  So.  What do we do once we get to Yinxu?"
“Shh,” Steve says, reaching out to place a finger lightly against his lips.  He’s still smiling.  “Don’t worry about it.”
.  Probably a different language, Tony decided, since while he knew the slang decades ago had been out there, this was a bit beyond that.  Happily, the rest was in English, though reading it gave Tony the same unsettling feeling the first one had - more words written by ghosts who weren't here.
And then they pulled Captain America out of the ice.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mr. Stark,” Steve pipes in, offering his hand.
was.  “Just a moment.  Really.”
“Steve!” he calls out raspily, heart leaping into his throat as he tries to swim past everyone else, ignoring the screams and the pain and the cold and everything that isn’t Steve.  “Steve!”
Cap was still staring blankly at him, so Tony tried a smile.  His skin ached a little—from dryness, he suspected—but hopefully the smile looked better than he felt.  "You can't tell me you expect great things out of me if I'm just passed out in a bed."
"'Hmm' yourself," Tony retorted very cleverly as he cast a meaningful gaze at Ty's cereal in return.
Still, though, sometimes he feels like something’s missing.
"We'll have to take that chance," Tony said.  "I'm going to set off another smoke bomb."
The implication of his words hung in the air, and Tony didn't like it.  "You don't get to use him against me," he whispered. "You weren't there, you don't know what happened - "
"Yes," Tony whispered.
Steve opened his eyes with a gasp, seeing nothing but darkness no matter how much his gaze darted.  For a long moment he kept himself motionless, wondering if he was still lost in the depths of the ocean or not.  But then breaths came to him, one by one by one, and he remembered that it had been impossible to breathe in the water.
Neither had Tony, if he’s being honest.  Once upon a time, he’d have been happy to take Sunset to his bed, and they both know it.  Once upon a time, he’d been in love with her.  It was just
"I'll boost you over them!"  Steve held his shield up in time to deflect a third biter and dashed over to the window, positioning the shield in such a way that she could step on it.  "Go!"
The woman immediately slumped onto the ground again, letting out a sound that was a cross between a laugh and a cry.  "Jess?" she tried.  "Jess, the hell are you doing here?  Where's Luke?  Where's Danielle?"
again.  If he’s being honest with himself, their earliest emails were forced and awkward, as was bound to happen when one of them was indirectly responsible for the death of the other.  Now, though, the banter is loose and easy between them, and Tony’s starting to feel like he can confide in Steve about anything.
But it’s okay, Tony thinks as he pulls Steve back up to their room.  Because at the end of the day, he’s the one who gets to be with Steve, and that’s all that really matters.
This wasn't how Tony imagined the conversation going.  He winced. "Why?"
Tony blinked at him.  "Oh," he repeated.
, Steve had written, which made the knot of tension within Tony relax a little.  It didn't sound like combat at all.
“Rogers?”
He looked back in time to see Cap's lips quirk upward.  "You guess, huh?" he said.  "I guess I could say the same."
“I did
The woman glanced down at Steve's leg.  "What do you need?"
A few minutes later, he was caught up on whatever had happened while he'd been - hmm - away - and was dressed and ready for the day.  The first thing he wanted to do was to fix Steve's flat feet. "Fallen arches," Steve had called them, which sounded a lot more graceful than the reality.  Steve's mom had them too, and Tony suspected that it was causing the both of them at least some amount of discomfort, since it certainly caused
Steve shook his head again.  He jabbed one paw at Tony, like an owner motioning for their dog to sit.
Again?  Tony thought back to the day before.  Practice had been practice. There hadn't been anything peculiar about it, and certainly nothing to laugh over, even from Ty's point of view.  Ty loved to find things to laugh about where Tony was concerned, which was why he wasn't particularly keen on pressing for details. Best not to give him any ammo.  "Yeah, whatever," he said, grabbing his clothes before Ty could throw them at him. Strange - was this where he'd left them last night? Not that it really mattered, it was just… odd.
"I wish.  No, we only made it a few miles before it gave out completely.  By then there was a crowd of biters following us because of all the sputtering.  Too many for me to deal with."  Tony glanced at the door of their room, which was closed.  "But then Natasha came out of nowhere—I think she must have been keeping watch and saw us approaching.  She was riding a damned gurney.  And she took out enough of the biters so that I could get out and help her get rid of the rest."
But the thing was - Tony wasn't sure if that was actually what he wanted.  Okay, so the few times the switch had happened so far, some inconvenient things had occurred.  For starters, his performance in track had been suffering, not to mention some of his coursework, and only the fact that it was nearing the end of the school year where things didn't matter so much anymore was saving him.  ("I opened a C-P-P file without help today!" Steve had reported in one of his voicelogs. "But oh my God, Tony, why does it say "void" everywhere? And how come there are so many pointy brackets?" Perhaps unsurprisingly, someone from 1940 who had been abruptly thrown half a century into the future was
Tony nodded, picking up the gauntlet and cuddling it to himself idly.  Maybe Rogers was right.  Maybe he should just get some rest now.  “You’ll keep an eye out?” he asked.
Tony hesitated, torn for a moment.  If she wanted privacy she certainly deserved it, but… it was rare.  He didn't think he'd ever seen her stay in her room during the day. Was it a new development, he wondered?  Steve hadn't mentioned anything about it in his journal.
Stark shrugged.  "Same renewable power source as the last time you saw it," he said.  "The fusion reactor is fine.  Some things haven't changed."
Tony pulls away, looking around.  “Christ,” he breathes, then points behind him—they’re sailing right past a massive iceberg, so close Steve could probably run over and touch it if he really wants to.  Together, they go over to the rail once the iceberg is gone, staring down at the hull.  “I think we were hit.”
To his credit, Rogers didn’t look particularly put off by Tony’s observation.  Maybe he’d seen enough of the War to know this already.  “So why are you here, if you know this?”
Steve lets out a soft, nervous laugh, shaking his head.  “Right.  Just… hold still.  I’ve got you.”  And before Tony knows it, Steve’s arms are wrapped around him, hauling him back over the rail.
And so they walked.  Though Tony tried not to think about it, he had to admit that he almost wished they were turning around to go back home, because by now they’d been down here for well over a full day and Tony was kind of missing sunlight.  The fact that his chest and ribs were still throbbing didn’t help.  At some point, Rogers produced another pill of aspirin, which Tony downed gratefully, even if it wasn’t enough to get rid of the pain completely.  But he could live with that.
, he was going to write, but he found himself suddenly afraid.  Were they friends? Or were they just acquaintances out of convenience?  Tony
The rest of his sentence was knocked out of him with an
Steve pulled back, frowning.  "You were putting weight on your ankle!" he reprimanded.  "Go lay down on the bed!"
" he cried as he slipped off the wing.
"So it's okay, darling," Tony continued, his cold hands reaching up again to touch Steve's cheeks, and Steve forced his eyes back open.  "That—that was how I lost the suit.  I repurposed it to pull you out of the water, and it was irreparably damaged afterward."
Well.  Almost anything.
"No," he said.  "No, no, no, no, no."
But, he had to remind himself, Tony was just a dream.
Tony sighed.  “No, Steve,” he said.  “It wasn’t you.  It was… it was just some wild sabretooth that temporarily took over.  But it’s okay now.  You’re back.  Nothing to worry about, right?”
He’d started off the week looking for a cure for his broken heart.  And now, he thought, sitting here next to a war hero, a super soldier, a military man—now he thought that maybe he’d really found it.
Some things never changed.  Falling back into this pattern, this relationship, felt so familiar and easy that Steve felt like a fool for not doing this sooner.  "Yes, Tony," he said, hesitating a moment before squeezing onto the bed with him.  He needed to make sure Tony didn't run off, after all.  "Make as many suggestive comments as you want."
That was what Steve was afraid of.  He sighed, placing a hand over the spot on his neck.  At least it had already stopped bleeding, but knowing the possibility of what was coming next, that wasn't much consolation.  "Bucky was here," he said, not wanting Tony to focus on his own helplessness.
"You're a strange man, Cap," Tony said.  "But alright.  We go in together and break through whatever defenses they have set up.  Then we find the others.  Then, if it's there, we use our pieces to find the last fragment.  I want us to end this, one way or another."
He was afraid of a lot of things.  Of rejection.  Of uncertainty.  Of what terrible things might lie for them in the future as they irrevocably marched toward it.
"No, it has to be now," Tony said, reluctantly withdrawing his hand from Cap's.  "I have to see if it's salvageable.  If it's not, I have to destroy it to make sure no one else who finds it can use it against us.  And either way, there's still stuff in there.  The suits, for one thing.  We'll be lucky if the Nazis haven't swung back to check it out already while I was lying here."
Steve remembered, and he had a feeling this wasn't going anywhere good.  "Yes," he said.  "You wanted to find a cure for your heart."
Water-stained ceiling, barren walls, rickety bed.
Carol rolls her eyes.  “Gee, I don’t know.  Was it maybe because—oh, oh, I’ve got it—
"Alright," the box said.
Tony raised one hand and waved at him.  Either the shield boy could follow or he could not—hopefully he wouldn’t, but Tony’s hopes weren’t very high.  How could someone who so embodied the American spirit be so annoying?
"Nothing," Tony replied firmly.  There was an—opportunity here, he felt.  And if he took it, things could go so right.  Or—also as likely—it could go so, so wrong.
.  But when he opens his mouth to say as much, nothing comes out.
"If throwing our money around at people who probably don't deserve it counts, then sure."
The woman shrugged.  "So do I.  But I find kindness has its place."
, then eventually manages, “What is this, a sapphire?”
"I have those things," replied the woman.
Abruptly, the two of them jolted forward, Tony grabbing onto the control panel to remain steady as Cap held onto him for the same reason.  The sound of the bottom of the airship scraping the ground was so deep he could feel it in his bones, his teeth chattering as the vibrations made their way through his body.  From behind him, Cap let out a soft grunt, but made no other sound.
"You tried to kill us," Cap snarled.  "More than once.  Give me what I'm looking for and I won't try and immediately return the favor."
"Because that would ruin my life?" Birch replied, setting the rifle down and rolling closer.  "You've already done such a good job at that."  He paused, tilting his head a little.  "Did Captain America tell you?" he asked.  "What exactly that stone does?"
“Yeah,” Steve says immediately.
But the voice had nothing more to offer.  The screen, however, turned black, and rows of white text appeared on it, each of which had the same simplified drawing of what looked like a partially-opened folder to the word's left.  On instinct, Steve leaned forward to examine it more closely, but then he remembered that his eyesight was just fine in this body. That didn't stop him from squinting at it with his brows furrowed, though.
Steve wasn't sure if it was a good idea to press, but he felt like he needed to.  "You seem like you know a lot about this," he said.
It was Steve.  Human Steve, his hair a golden halo around him as he was lit by the rising sun from behind, blue eyes shining.  He was, as far as Tony could tell, completely naked, but the furry pelt draped over his back kept Tony from being certain.
They charged in, Steve flinging his shield so that they would strike the biters furthest from them as Tony handled the ones that were closer.  A few of them peeled away from the car and started lumbering toward them, though for better or for worse, the woman's continued screams kept many of them distracted.  Steve barreled through them, vaulting over the car so he could strike out the ones that seemed to be closest to getting inside.  One of them grabbed him unexpectedly from behind, but he was able to duck before it bit him—just because he knew a bite wasn't fatal for him now didn't mean he was particularly eager to repeat the experience.
Then again…
Together, Luke and Jessica gathered their things, then led them to the makeshift shelter they'd been staying in, which was mostly just a few logs that were arranged in such a way to provide them with a modicum of protection.  "It's not much," Jessica said apologetically.
"Maya didn't say you could leave."
“Uh,” Tony says.  “This is… some ring.”  It looks like silver—or maybe it’s platinum.  Encased within it is a massive blue stone, bigger than anything he’s ever seen.  He flounders for a moment, trying to find something diplomatic to say that isn’t
Steve swallows but nods, taking his hand and squeezing it gently.  “I do,” he says.  Uncertainly, he lets his hand go, stepping back a little.  “Lead the way…?”
was what caused the infection."
for years, and he was still very much in one piece.  He didn’t need some guy, much less one who regularly donned a flag-colored outfit with a big ol’ star on it, telling him what to do.  “Wish I could,” he groused.
Of all the people Tony had expected to make some sort of comment, Jarvis had been on the top of that list, but when he'd herded them all into one of the working planes on the aircraft carrier and presumably noticed how close Tony and Steve had been, he'd only shook his head and told Tony he looked like hell and needed his rest.  So Steve had led Tony to the closest thing the little plane had to a bed and laid him down on it, sitting down on the floor beside him afterward.  The others, to their credit, had sensed their need for privacy, buckling into the passenger seats closer to the front of the plane—well out of earshot, given the noise the plane was making.
The body was right next to him.  He looked at it.  It was in a Nazi uniform.
Steve made a faint choking sound from behind him, and Tony quickly turned back, kneeling beside him again.  “Steve?” he repeated.  Was something happening?  Did it work?  Never mind the fact that magic was a total crapshoot—Tony was a genius.  It had to have worked.
still echoed in his head, but… he thought he could trust her.  It was the end of civilization as they knew it.  What good would distrust do?
“Y-you’re really a sight,” he says after a moment, because he hates being quiet when he’s being intimate—it feels more impersonal if they’re not talking.  Tony doesn’t seem to mind from the way he’s gazing up at him, mouth still making sucking motions as the corners of his eyes crinkle ever so slightly.
The man smiled at him, and it made some subconscious part of Steve relax, like… like he knew he was safe and going to be taken care of.  Kind of like how Ma made him feel. "I heard you wake and suspected it would be some time before you came out," he said, and Steve felt himself flushing involuntarily.  It was crazy, but he half-suspected Jarvis had known exactly what was occupying him. (Did that imply that Tony was often occupied by the same thing?) "Breakfast should be ready in a few minutes.  Please have a seat."
are going to be with me the whole time.  Mr. Rhodes and Ms. Potts will take point, and we'll follow."
Now he’s in the last room before the hallway ends, tearing through the drawers again—and that’s when he sees it.  A floating drawer with a gun inside.  He lunges toward it, picking it up and inspecting it—a revolver, and yes, it’s loaded.
," Cap said in the exact same overwrought and unconvincing tone as before.  "I have no idea what
, but Steve is already removing the lifebelt, hissing as he sees the bloodstain on his shirt.  “Really, Steve, there’s nothing you can do—”
The filename was a long string of numbers, ending with .WAV - an audio file, with the numbers likely being the Unix timestamp for when the file was created.  The human-readable date in the Date Created column of the screen confirmed the quick math he was doing in his head; it was indeed created yesterday, which, unless he was going crazy, was definitely when Steve had been occupying his body and not him…
"Sounds like a plan."  Luke clapped Tony on the shoulder.  "Thank you both, man.  You probably saved our girl's life.  We won't forget that."
“Don’t apologize.”  Quietly, Tony presses another kiss to his neck, nuzzling it idly afterward.  He doesn’t say anything, so Steve doesn’t, either, instead just rubbing his back in small circles.  They stay like that for several moments, Tony seemingly content to just lay his head there, but eventually the silence is broken.  “I want you to touch me, Steve,” Tony murmurs.  “Will you do that?”
Half an hour later, they got onto Route 1.  There were, happily, no biters on the bridge.
As the day passed, with Tony making the walk from one home to another to deliver things, it became increasingly evident that
“I’m sorry, Father,” he tells him as they pass by a lower deck, and he turns and jumps back onto the ship.
“I’m not sure why you think this is so awful,” Rogers said, glancing up at him with a frown.  “I’m capable of handling myself.  I’m not going to get us into trouble.”
Steve’s the one with hair as golden as California poppies, Tony feels, but he smiles and squeezes his hand back.  “Yeah, we can do that,” he says, and then they kiss again as Tony thinks that maybe, maybe this time he can fill that hole in his heart for good.
And Tony just stared.
Tony shook his head.  "I'm not going to leave you alone, Ma," he told her.  "I'm gonna keep you company."
“Sunset,” Howard interrupts, and Tony’s eyes slowly slide in his direction.  “Find out why everyone in the hallway is making so much noise.  I’ll deal with him.”
Natasha cocked her head at him.  "No," she said.
fucking
“I’ll take care of it if it does,” Rogers assured him.  He picked up one of Tony’s gauntlets, examining it.  “This can’t be that hard to use, can it?”
Steve nodded, and Stark followed him as they walked past Jessica and Carol to find boxes and boxes of packaged goods.  Stark went up to one of them, placing a hand against the box and letting out a low whistle.  "I can see why people stuck around, even if the guy was a little nutty," he said.  "It's worth listening to some cock-eyed crap if it means not starving."
Tony rolled back into his sleeping bag then, letting his eyes shut again.  “Good night, Steve,” he murmured.  His mind drifted, and he thought about the top of the mountain, encased in clouds.  They’d make it, he told himself.  They had to make it.  And then—well, Tony had to admit, he didn’t actually know what came next.  Maybe there was another gem he could wish on.  Or maybe it would happen on its own.  He’d figure it out.
“Of course I know what words are,” Steve says, and he reaches out to grip at the wrist with the watch, looking almost—pained for a second.  Tony wonders if he imagined it.  “She showed them to me, too.  I didn’t understand it, but I think she wanted me to talk to Hank about them.”
A dreamer, he mentally added, smiling when he found several books about Arthurian legends.
Well, almost empty.  Sitting at the far end of the table was the Star-Spangled Man himself, various files and papers strewn on the table around him.  His lips twitched slightly as he looked up at Tony, raising an eyebrow.  “And I could ditch you,” he said.  “But we’re under Fury’s orders.  Perfectly reasonable orders, I might add.  You can’t go down there alone.”
Ha.  That was funny—Cap almost seemed
No comment, Tony thought to himself, even as a small part of his brain thought that actually, he did have a comment, which was that whoever had been speaking was downright adorable.  He tried to ignore it, instead playing the last of the new recordings.
Steve stepped forward, helping Stark hold her back.  "Stark is right," he told her softly.  "This isn't going to do anything.  Save your energy for the trip back, okay?"
Steve was interesting.  Tony had spent enough time as him to know that there were some subjects he wasn't as strong at (to put it delicately), but he always seemed determined to keep learning.  And even for the things that were clearly over his head - like the microbots Tony was working on in his spare time, or the programs he was writing for his compsci class - he still wanted to hear Tony talk about them, as though he'd picked up on the fact that these were things that Tony
But instead of looking awed or curious or even just
Rhodey gaped at him.  "What?!"
"Redemption," Tony said, voice quiet.  He let out another breath, continuing, "It occurred to me that if a modified Jericho could spread the infection, a modified Jericho could also spread the cure.  That's what I was working on.  Something we could build with our current equipment and materials that could distribute something in aerosol form.  Which is obviously a huge assumption, because who knows if this can even be beat, much less aerosolized…"  He trailed off, going silent for a moment before picking up again.  "I still think you're our best bet.  But maybe you're not actually immune.  There are just so many things we don't know."
“Pushy.”  Nonetheless, Tony looks rather pleased as he buries his face against his crotch, inhaling deeply.  “You’re perfect,” he says again, voice muffled.  “Can I just stay here forever?”
They took a few more steps forward when the ground shook, and Pepper and Rhodey abruptly disappeared from sight at the same time something made a snapping sound, but it was almost lost amidst everyone's startled shouts.  "Rhodey? Pepper?" Tony yelled, running forward—there was a hole in the ground that certainly hadn't been there before, and the two of them were inside, looking dusty but otherwise alive.  Tony let out a sharp exhale of relief.  "You okay?"
"Tony," he managed at last.
"She was going to wait and see what happened to you," Tony continued.  "I told her that you'd appreciate it if you were there when she buried him."
They both broke off, huffing.  Tony glared at him, then continued stubbornly, “I’m not ready to leave yet.”
“Trust me now, then.”
, and Tony nearly stepped backward in shock.  Now that he'd said it—yes, he recognized him, even though his face was gaunt and his hair gone.  "You're supposed to be in jail," he said.
A second later, something fell on them from above.
Rhodey tsked softly.  "It can't be worse than the time we mounted an expedition because of a trap planted by your ex-girlfriend who was also a Nazi sympathizer," he mused.  "It's enough to go on."
Steve groaned and tried to squirm away, eyes landing on Bucky's body.  "You killed him," he managed, struggling to keep his eyes open.  "I found him… and you killed him…"
So he stepped out of the rows of shelves, his gauntlets aimed at the man as he came into view.  He'd been right—it was the wheelchair man and Cap after all.  Cap was standing with his shield out, his whole body radiating tension, like he was ready to spring into action at any moment.  The man, meanwhile, looked completely at ease, leaning back in his seat, a blanket covering his legs.  He looked utterly unsurprised to see Tony, while Cap stared at him with wide eyes, his lips slightly parted.
To his surprise, it actually worked.  When he pressed "D", the row that said "DESIGNS" lit up, and when he pressed "V", "VOICELOGS" was similarly lit.  Tapping on the up and down keys also changed which row was lit. This was unlike anything he'd ever seen before - a typewriter connected to a television screen?  Steve was enchanted. He just needed to figure out what exactly the controls were.
So he watches, smiling for him as they gaze at each other and willing his mind to burn this image of Tony into his mind for however much time he has left.  His beautiful, smart Tony, who’s going to go out and change the world someday, because he’s going to survive.
There was a long pause.  Then Tony sucked in a deep breath, turning away.  "…No," he admitted at last.  "But I should have done more than I did."
It was in that instant when the airship, which had been doing so well up until now, finally decided it was time to start failing.
.  Can anyone ever truly be prepared to die?  Maybe some people can, he supposes.  But not him.  There’s still so much he wants to see, so much he wants to do.  He’d been planning on visiting his mother’s grave, maybe go check in on some of his friends.  And then he’d wanted to travel across the country, from New York to California.  He’d wanted to live his life.
And as the hours passed by, as he stared at his telecommuting device, his soldered piece of metal, and his scribbled homework, all he wanted to do was say
Tony shudders.
Steve snorts softly, but he follows along obediently.  Tony just doesn’t seem to give a damn about anything half the time, and maybe that’s part of what Steve likes so much about him.  “Okay,” he says.  “So… where are we going?”
Steve brushed his thumb just under where Tony's name was written in pencil, smiling a bit.  For a single day, he'd touched someone else's life across time, and someone else had touched his.  Maybe the planets had aligned just right. Maybe some adventurer had activated some mystical relic in the hidden depths of an ancient ruin.  Maybe the science just hadn't been discovered yet. Whatever the reason, it had happened, and he would cherish the memory.
.  Not only that, but Tony can’t for the life of him even understand why Steve is so against this in the first place.  Steve likes responsibility and training young heroes.  They should have been united on this.
"So when do we leave?" Pepper asked.
“Okay,” Carol says, and for a while, the two of them stand in the hall in silence, interrupted only by the occasional surgery updates.
But it didn’t matter.  None of that mattered.  The only reason they were even in this situation in the first place was because Tony had fucked things up, and if the only way to fix things before they ran out of time was for him to fuck
he tapped out.
Jarvis moved his hand in a
," she hissed as she gripped at the wall, clutching her stomach as she struggled to stand.  "I'm going to fucking finish you—"
A thrill of fear ran through Steve.  Gas?  Paralytic agent?  Could Tony's heart handle those things?
There was another thump.
“I’m not letting you run around like this!” Steve says, pulling away and taking off his shirt.  Before Tony can ask what the hell he’s doing, or even just admire the way he looks in just his undershirt, Steve is folding it up, sticking it under Tony’s own shirt and pressing down on it, causing him to hiss in pain.  “I’m sorry,” he continues apologetically.  “But we gotta stop the bleeding.”
Pepper's scream was overshadowed by someone else shouting "
Cap tilted his head a little, looking thoughtful.  "That's something."
It was definitely a tomb.  That was good, because it continued to corroborate what Tony knew, but it was also bad because no matter how many tombs Tony had explored during his days of doing
One month into their relationship, as they lie tangled in bed together, Tony, on impulse, wipes the concealer off and shows her his wrist.  “I think this is talking about you,” he confesses to her, and it won’t be until years later that he realizes how naïve of him it was to do such a thing.
"Good to know," Stark replied, and they both went silent.
.  Us sitting in the woods after raiding a school infested with a bunch of insane people who were barely even human anymore.  Steve… it was me.  The biters were my fault."
This was probably the end, but for some reason, all Tony could think about was extending his pinky finger to Steve and swearing to him that he wouldn’t drop dead.  That was a stupid promise, he thought to himself.  Steve was going to be so disappointed once he went back to normal.
Rogers shook his head, uncapping an antibacterial ointment and starting to rub it over the injured area.  “I’m just doing my duty,” he said.  His gaze flickered up toward him as he managed the faintest of smiles.  “Glad you didn’t ditch me yet?”
Tony leans forward, running a finger over Steve’s lower lip—it feels a little swollen and tender to the touch, but Steve hardly minds.  “Lubricant,” he says after a moment.  “You didn’t happen to be carrying any in your pockets, did you?”
"Yes," Cap said immediately as he followed him over.  "What is it?"
"Better me than you," Steve said, trying not to wince.  "I don't know why you're bothering with all this.  I can't get infected."
None of them said a thing as the coffin was lowered.  Steve suspected that Natasha's memories of him were too private to share with the two of them, and if he was being honest, Steve felt the same way about his own memories.  So they laid him to rest in silence, each tossing in a handful of dirt before burying him in earnest.
"You can do a lot of things right now," Cap said.  He leaned closer to get a better look at the bandage, then carefully repositioned Tony's arm and took off the red gloves he always wore.  His hands were very pale, Tony found himself noticing.  Pale and unmarked.  "Doesn't mean that you should."
"That's great!" Ty exclaimed with mock enthusiasm.  "It's just that today isn't Monday."
He shouldn’t be here, he knows.  This place holds some of his best memories, and, in a way, his worst.  But he’d been so damn close to Steve earlier, separated only by a sheet of glass, and he can’t help himself.  Before he knows it, he’s removing his helmet and tossing it carelessly aside, closing his eyes and breathing in deep.  Mostly he smells California poppies, but if he just
He wouldn't realize it until years later, but that was the first time he switched with the boy he would come to know as Steve Rogers.
"Alright, let's have a look," Bucky said suddenly, and Tony glanced up in time to see that Bucky had managed to nab his sketchbook from his bag and was now opening it up.
"And what exactly should we be looking for?" Pepper asked.
"You ever been to the Navy Yard before?" Tony asked as the East River came into view, looking as gray as Steve remembered, despite the sunlight reflecting off of it.  At least some things never changed.
Oh, he thought, when thought came to him at last.  I'm alive.
Steve follows him inside, peering around as well.  “You sure?” he asks as he approaches the wall, gazing at the paintings hanging from it.  He was here just yesterday, but… he still can’t get over how grand everything is.
," the man standing outside Tony's bedroom said.  Like everything else today, even the words he was hearing sounded strange; that last bit was unlike any language he knew.  One thing was consistent, though - the door was open enough that while Tony couldn't see the man from his bed, he could smell the same sharp scent that his father often smelled of after he'd been holding onto a bottle for a while.  But unlike his father, there was no anger, just tiredness in the man's voice.
Tony’s lips part, and for a moment, he’s completely taken aback by her vehemence.  “I—” he manages, and for a moment, he feels awful and guilty and wrong.  He’s hurt her.  It’d seemed like such a grand idea before, but now with her right here, eyes fiery and passionate, he can’t help but think he’s made a mistake, never mind all the things she’s done.
.  After all, Steve was supposed to be their note taker, but he was hardly in any state to write down anything now, and how else was Fury supposed to know what they were seeing if Tony didn’t record it?  Imagine that, he thought.  Steve was rubbing off on him.
It was.  It actually was.  A man in a star-spangled suit strode into the room, carrying a shield Tony remembered having design input on.  This was unreal.  Even as someone who spent most of his time in the States, he'd still heard plenty of tales of the man with a plan, the soldier who'd punched Hitler in the face hundreds of times.  And here he was now, standing right in front of them in the flesh.
"Sal Kennedy," Tony said quietly.  "Botanist.  Smart guy.  A friend who saved my hide more than once.  I met him after the outbreak.  He traveled with me and Rhodey for a while."  He laughed a little, though there was no mirth behind it.  "He was a lot like you at first, actually.  Hated the idea of killing the biters.  Wouldn't do it any under circumstance.  He got bit for his troubles."
Soon enough, everyone was ready and assembled, everything packed up and stowed away in their backpacks.  "So let's see this magnet rock," Rhodey said.  It seemed as though Cap had already clued them in on the new development, but hadn't yet actually shown it to them.
that had been weighing down on him too, but he can no longer recall the specifics.
This time, the words were accompanied by a gentle shake of his shoulder, and Tony groaned again, blinking in the darkness.  “What?” he asked irritably.  “Rogers, is that you?  Go to sleep.”
But Pepper just shook her head, putting her hand against Tony's arm.  "If this wasn't important, you wouldn't have asked me to come," she said.  "And if I hadn't come, I would have stayed in the Pacific and kept on reporting.  Those are the only two places I should be right now.  Don't tell me otherwise."
Ma smiled indulgently at him.  "You're at an age where these things happen, Stevie," she said.  "As your mother, I want to be here for it."
He descended down another flight of stairs—he was probably near the bottom of the carrier now, because from what he could tell the only way out from here was back up.  There was one more door, the locks forcefully broken apart.  Tony had to assume once more that it was Cap's work, so he pushed the door open and stepped through.
"Think you're so hard-boiled, huh," Dougie said.  "Talking up such a big game yesterday. Even had me going for a little while.  But it looks like it was just talk, am I right?"
“It does to me.  Come on.”  Taking Tony’s good hand, he leads them to the dining room, which by now is abandoned—he can already see water creeping in.  He approaches one of the tables, whisking the tablecloth right off and ignoring the clatter of the utensils as they fall to the ground.  Then he turns to Tony, wrapping it securely around his shoulder before tucking the ends in so it won’t fall off—Tony squirms and hisses in pain as Steve works, but otherwise remains still.  “There,” he says once he’s done.  Now hopefully he’ll stop losing so much blood.  “That feel better?”
"What hope?" Steve whispered.  "You're going to—"  He cut himself off, unable to say it.  "It's going to happen, and I had a part in it."
There was a flurry of movement, and the next thing Steve knew, he was being kicked hard in the chest, his grip on her loosening.  Then she was standing in the doorway, half-crouched and eyeing them warily as one hand rested against the holster on her hip.
Come to think of it, Tony did feel kind of woozy, but staying put was boring.  They still had a lot of exploring to do.  “I don’t want another giant mutant cat with skin of steel to attack us while we’re here.”
Rogers was silent for a moment, probably thinking about it.  “I don’t think it can fit in here,” he said at last.
His fault.  This was what Tony had thought for the past five years.  The idea of such a burden was staggering.  How had Tony even survived like this?  "Tony," Steve said, reaching out to take his hands because he was starting to look slightly manic.  "It wasn't your fault."
"I don't know what you're talking about," Tony finished half-heartedly.
They’re discussing the merger again.  Sunset has pages and pages of legal documents signed by herself and Tony’s father strewn about, though Howard has his own pile to match.  They both look absurdly pleased.  Then again, Tony supposes it’s not so strange after all.  They both stand to gain quite a bit once their companies become one… and yet, he finds it really hard to give a damn.  He can’t stop thinking about Steve.  Beautiful, hopeful Steve, who had looked so terribly stricken when Tony had rebuffed him.
A large part of Tony very much did want to go, and yet an equally large part also couldn't help but think about Steve.  Not just the fact that if Steve found his new booze, he'd just pour it down the sink again. But also just the fact that Steve would be so
Fortunately, he recognized the hallway he was in, and so he was able to find Tony's room and slip inside, letting out a sigh of relief.  He was alone now.
.  And so he walks, past the bursts of light as the flashes go off, past the clamor of the reporters and their searching eyes.
Cap frowned at him.  "It seemed like you were having a nightmare," he said.  "You were talking in your sleep."
"Well, I guess I
The recording ended, and Tony was brought back to the list of all his voicelogs, the three from - from Steve sitting at the top.  Tony just sat there on his bed and stared at them, his brain trying to make sense out of everything that had happened.
But Ty wouldn't understand.  He never did.
"I—" Cap began as he got up, but Rhodey motioned him to scoot back toward the group before he stood fully.  When he moved, it became obvious that the tile he'd stepped on was slightly sunken—his weight must have triggered the trap.  "I don't have a good excuse.  I'm sorry."
There was the sound of static.  Tony dropped the microphone onto the ground and screamed.
But the hallucination, apparently, was persistent, because it spoke again.  “Tony.  Open your eyes.”
Groaning, he tried to push himself onto his feet, but his body refused to listen.  With no better options, he started crawling instead, which at least had the benefit of keeping him below the smoke.  Maybe Jarvis was near the front.  Maybe there was still a chance for Tony to fix his mistake.  Maybe, maybe, maybe.
There was a spark of light as Rogers brought out his lighter, making a little fire inside the igloo, which apparently had a fire pit inside.  “I’m stopping for the night,” he replied.
"No," Steve said, not wanting to believe it.  But he knew Tony was right.  Bucky was dead, and because of his denial, maybe he was dead now too.  Damn it.  Damn it all.  "…I'm sorry," he managed after a moment.
It still looks like a sapphire to him.  What’s the point of a blue diamond if people are just going to mistake it for a lesser gem?  “Oh,” he says.  “…You know, that basically means that whatever I got you is worth less than this.  You remember what I said earlier about feeling emasculated, don’t you?”
Maya beamed at them both.  "Well, Tony, Steve, I'd love it if you'd help me get back to my base."  She pointed north.  "I'm staying inside the Municipal Stadium with a few other folks.  You're welcome to spend the night there, if you'd like.  We turned the field into a garden, so there's plenty of food to go around."
Tony hesitated, thinking about it.  Saying that it was just his gut wasn't good enough.  He needed more.  "He was old," he said at last.  "And… he wasn't in a uniform.  So he wasn't a grunt."
"I mean there are people out there who will take everything you have if you give them half a chance," Tony said.  "They come in with a wounded gazelle gambit to get you to lower your guard, and then they turn into a damned lion."
He didn't even have time to wonder about it.  "Nothing's stopping me," he hissed in return, elbowing him in the head.  Tem jerked away, stunned, but he was surprisingly resilient, bouncing back and hitting the ring again, and Steve felt a searing heat graze his cheek.
But he can’t let that deter him.  The water might be bad, but there’s something that would be even worse, and that’s Steve drowning to death while handcuffed to a damned pole.  Yeah, there’s no way in hell Tony’s going to let that happen.
"She said she misspoke," Steve shot back.  "People do that!"
“No,” murmurs Steve, and he reaches forward, taking Tony’s hand in his own.  “I was remembering the part where you gave me a home.”
"Think we can get up there, too?"
So Tony continues to push in, still looking at Steve intensely, like he’s ready to stop the moment any sign of pain appears on his face, and it’s touching, it really is—but Steve rocks his hips a little nonetheless, and Tony gets the message, going just a little faster.  “I mentioned you’re pushy earlier, right?” he says conversationally.  “Because you are.  You’re pushy.”
"When you run away from your problems, you run away from everything else, too."
Tony straightens when he’s done, looking down at the stone.  “You raised a hell of a boy,” he says, and then he turns and leaves.
And then time returns to normal.  The next thing he knows, Howard is brandishing another thick wad of bills, pointing right at him, and someone—
“Oh, Tony,” Steve murmurs, and his heart aches again.  “I-it’s okay.  I’ll say it to you as much as you wanna hear it.”  In whatever time they have left.
.  Steve is itching to wrap his lips around him and do incredibly inappropriate things, but no, he really shouldn’t.  It’s unprofessional!  And Steve is an
Steve's life, or millions of Americans'.  Bucky dying alone, or with a friend. The safe choice, or the right choice.
Ty snorted and shook his head.  "Wish we were in the same gov period.  Would have loved to see that."
“Do you remember what you told me earlier?  About the percentage display in my chest?  You thought I was going to die if it reached zero.  And you were right.  If the repulsor pump stops, so does my heart.  But I lied about it, because I was desperate.  I’ve been everywhere, Steve.  I’ve been traveling the world for years.  If it weren’t for the war, I would have kept looking.  But I was at the end of my rope, and I thought here… here would be my last, best chance.  And that if it failed, then it wouldn’t matter if it reached zero anyway.  Because without something to fix it, it’ll be zero sooner rather than later.”
sabretooth, the kind that wanted to claw Tony’s face off and possibly eat him.
, who likes old motorcycles and plain circle shields without any cool tech attached to them.  Ergo, he pretty much likes everything as long as they don’t threaten the American dream.  “What, you had a bad experience or something?”
ages ago, but the Stark library was massive and had dozens of other fantasy novels to hold his interest - or art, since he still had his own little pet project he'd been working on, and there were plenty of other things to sketch when he wanted to draw something else.
He couldn't dawdle.  Tony could be anywhere, and Steve was now racing against time, with a horde of captive biters—though just
“You bastard,” he breathes, and before he knows it, he’s running off, shoving past panicked passengers and harassed crew members, heading… somewhere.  He doesn’t know where.  But then Howard’s hand is heavy against his shoulder, and he finds himself whirled around to facing him.
room.  So I guess I should sleep?  Tony, out."
“I think you should lie down,” Rogers replied, looking concerned.  “Come on, I—oh.”  Tony turned fast enough to see Rogers sinking to his knees, looking dazed.
Rogers stepped into the little beam of light shining down from above—it wasn’t very bright, but given that there had been so much canopy overhead, it wasn’t indicative of what time of day it was.  After a moment, he stood up on his hind legs, pawing at the wall.
It’d all been quite clever of Fury, really.  He’d dangled the prospect of a new, post-war adventure in front of Tony’s nose, going on and on about how the Savage Land was a whole new world filled with undiscovered creatures, resources, and, most importantly, possibly relics of a magical sort, because Nick Fury was an asshole who had somehow figured out the truth about Tony’s incurable heart condition and was now playing it up as much as he could, damn him.
Rhodey groans loudly.  “You’re not okay if you’re quoting
"Ma - er, Mom?" he tried, remembering what Tony had called his Ma.
"Oh," said a voice, and Steve almost jumped before realizing it was just Stark.  He was holding an ice pick, standing over the fallen bodies of two biters.  "Christ.  I was half-afraid they'd figured out how to turn knobs.  Thank God you made it."
have been thinking about how annoying you were.  So, assuming that this is some kind of wishing stone, maybe it was kind enough to grant two of my wishes and turned you into a less annoying form.”  After all, Rogers couldn’t talk anymore, even if he was now a hundred times more terrifying—he growled dangerously in response, and Tony quickly held up his hands.  “Hey, I never actually
"It's just some light reading," Tony said.  And some heavy equations.  He'd been pulled out of the Rad Lab on short notice and still wanted to work on a few things—mostly long-range navigation.  The sooner he could figure everything out, the better.
Tony wavers on the spot, looking uncertain as he reaches out, gripping at Steve’s lifebelt.  “Promise?”  It’s childish, but he hardly cares.  He’s on a ship that’s sinking into freezing water.  Losing his maturity is probably acceptable.
So Steve moved the highlighter down to the row that said VOICELOGS, then hit enter and watched as the rows were replaced with what looked like dates, with the most recent on top, but… that couldn't be right.
The other man pauses, turning his head to look at him.  “I didn’t,” he says.  “I realized I already knew.”  He gives him a tiny smile, then goes back to studying the keys.  “These—these are all brass.”  Steve opens his mouth to tell him to go back up, but before any words have a chance to come out, Tony holds up one hand.  “I know what you’re going to say, and I already told you, I’m not going to listen.  Look, I’m—I’m going to check out the other rooms.  Maybe they’ll have something.  But I’ll be back, I
There was no time to worry.  The biters were starting to slow down near them again, and, not wanting to be a sitting target, Steve broke into a run.  More than one biter made swiping motions in their direction, but Steve set his shoulders and barreled past them.  Soon enough, they were finally, finally back at the field, and Steve paused, catching his breath and praying for the throbbing in his side to stop.  Almost right on cue, a muffled explosion came from behind them—something blowing up upstairs, most likely.  Now all Steve had to do was find the exit, and then they'd be safe.
Whatever the case, it bore looking into.  He went over to her door and knocked on it softly.  "Ma?" he called.
It wasn't enough.  There was another shudder, and Tony lost his tenuous hold on both the plane and the fabric.  "
“Sorry.  I had to time it right.  Listen, Steve, I’m so sorry—I knew they’d be bad, but I didn’t realize just how awful—”
That woke Tony up some, if only because it was so out of left field.  "Now?  What time is it?"
be comfortable?  He supposed it could be worse, really.  Rogers was surprisingly graceful and smooth in his movements, and thankfully for Tony’s stomach, he didn’t bound down the road like a crazy thing.  At some point, Tony had to admit that this was a good idea, despite the growing soreness in his legs.
He glanced at something behind Steve, and by instinct, Steve whirled around, but it was too late—there was another man standing down the hall holding something, and the next thing he knew, there was a whoosh, something sharp—a tranquilizer dart?—coming at him.  He blocked it with his shield in time, but another one had already struck Tony, who crumpled helplessly to the ground.
know his guns.  He knows the gun he’s holding right now.  But the pipe is metal, the chain is metal… even if he aims perfectly, which is hardly a given considering how much he’s shaking right now, there’s still a matter of the ricochet.  The bullet could go anywhere.  It could bounce off a wall, hit a pipe… or it could strike either one of them.  If it strikes Steve and kills him… well, then Tony will make good on his promise—both of them make it out, or neither of them do.  There is, after all, more than one bullet loaded.  And if it strikes and kills
him.  “Didn’t expect to see you here.”
"Good."
Whatever amusement was on Pepper's face disappeared in a flash, and she motioned for them to follow her up the steps.  "Two planes flying overhead," she said.  "Gone for the moment, but they're doing circles.  Rhodey's sent Jarvis the distress signal so we're hoping we can quickly just get on the airship and make a break for it."
And that was when Tony started to feel ill.
Steve stared at the fabric.  He knew what was under there, but he couldn't believe it.  "No," he said.  "That—it's a cut.  Right?  I can stitch it.  Let me stitch it."
Darling.  He hadn't heard that in a long time.  Was it really going to end like this?  Lying on a dirty, abandoned street in Manhattan with his former lover and the corpse of his best friend?  Was this what he'd been brought out of the ice for?
For a brief moment, he entertains the possibility of going back to Steve, apologizing, and then running back up to the top deck for dear life.  But then he thinks of Steve right now, standing in the same darkness as him without even the luxury of movement, and he’s ashamed for even thinking it.  Either they both make it out, or neither of them does.
"Are you crazy?" Tony shouted at him.  He was ahead of Steve now, eyes wide.  "I'm gonna try and stop the train!"
"That's right," she said softly.  "And?"
“It’s a good thing what you want isn’t the law, then, am I right?”
Steve pulls away.  “Say that again,” he says quietly.  “Look me in the eye and tell me you’ll be fine.”
never showed any of that boring stuff, but you guys kept watch at night, didn’t you?  I’m surprised you’re still in one piece otherwise.”
Steve frowns at him.  “You’re the i-i-injured one.  Y-you need to get out of the water.”
him so badly, but he can’t, he can’t.  Without a bribe, Steve has no chance.  He’ll be stuck on this ship until it goes under, and then…  “No,” he says.  Is Steve crazy?  Tony went down into the bowels of the ship to free him, and he’s not letting all that hard work go to waste.  He can’t walk away from Steve.  He won’t.  “I’m not leaving you.”
“You’re so clever,” she gushes, and Tony eats it up.
Tony nodded and waved as he stood up to leave, already distracted from the conversation at hand; the stranger's handwriting was burned into his brain and he couldn't focus on anything else.  He didn't know the details yet, but it was clear that
He set his jaw.  "You'd better make me understand, then."
useful on his person right now, but he’s an
Neither Steve nor Stark replied to that, instead following her lead and looking around.  True to her word, there were medical supplies here—not a lot, but it was still enough to be helpful if they ever needed it.  "All done?" Steve asked once they'd closed their bags, glancing at them both.  "We'll leave out the same window.  I'll boost you guys again."
Steve blinks.  “Me?”
With that, he pulls on Steve’s hand, leading them down the hallway.  “Mad?” Steve repeats.  “Because you missed dinner?”
, it was the mean sabretooth who wanted to eat him.  But then their eyes met, and Tony’s worries melted away.  This was Steve.  He
He opens the box, and Steve leans forward to peer at it.  It looks like a silver band with a massive sapphire set onto it.  Really, really massive.  Who makes rings like that?  He flounders for a moment, trying to find something nice to say about it.  “It’s… um… very big.”
"Hey," Cap called out between rounds of gunfire.  "Do you remember the plan?"
And so he learns the awful, terrible truth.  He learns about the registration act, learns about how he believed in it so much he went to war with Steve over it.  He learns about clone Thor and Bill Foster and the anti-registration side’s surrender, and then he learns about the day Steve Rogers was murdered with tomato on his face and power-dampening shackles around his wrists.
It was on fire.
In any case, Tony was still home for the summer, and Steve had been free to do as he pleased for the day.  From listening to the voicelogs, it was clear that Tony was taking this time to work on several projects. While Steve wished he could help, he knew enough to know that any contributions he made, whether to Tony's plans or the physical prototypes or the - what was it called again, "software"? - would do more harm than good.
,” he manages, and he hates how shaky his voice is.  He’s weak, so weak.  Just another thing for his father to criticize.
Tony snorted, picking up the coffee and taking a deep swig.  “You’re Captain America.  You like everything.”
After some time, the tunnel seemed to widen, and Tony realized they were standing at the edge of… of something.  Something magnificent.  “Rogers,” he breathed.
He seems to be referencing something, but Tony doesn’t know what.  It doesn’t matter.  None of that matters because now they’re kissing, and just like that, Tony knows with exquisite clarity that the words he’s carried on his wrist for his entire life are for no one else but Steve Rogers, and he knows with equal certainty that if he were to look at Steve’s wrist at this very moment, he’d see his own handwriting looking back at him.
Tony hesitated, thinking about the way Cap had been drawn to the fragments, the way he'd stared at them.  He thought again of the thick lines of black ink in the files Fury had given him, hiding the truth of what had happened to those who had interacted closely with them.  He didn't want that happening to Cap.
of them back up.  In the aftermath, he, Steve, Peter, Jessica Drew, Daredevil, and Luke Cage stand around in a circle, marveling just a little at what happened.  “So we were pretty cool together,” Peter says.
That was when he heard the thumping.
Tony brought his hands up, aimed, and fired—
“Since when do surgeons give bystanders play-by-play updates?” Tony quips weakly at one point.
, Tony thinks, but he nonetheless nods, his grip tightening for a moment.  “Right,” he says quietly.
He was Steve after the procedure.  He was Captain America.
"Like a cure," Natasha pressed.
“It’s
, his brain repeated over and over again, uselessly.
, was on the tip of his tongue.
The shirt came off.  Instinctively, Tony reached up, trying to cover the metal plating over his heart, but Rogers moved his hand away.  Though it was dark save for the flashlight, Tony could see Rogers’ eyes landing on the plate, seeming to contemplate it for a second before his gaze drifted away.  To his credit, he didn’t say anything, instead starting to wipe the gouges clean.  “Ow,” Tony said.
?  How can you even tell?  What did you
With that, he took a running start, then leapt across the ravine, gripping on for dear life.  As always, there was that terrible feeling in his gut halfway through that oh God, the vine would break and drop him in and then he’d be in really big trouble, but it held, and in seconds he was safely on the other side, turning to look back at Rogers, who looked mildly impressed.  Huh.  How about that?
"Yeah?"
Even worse - had he just quietly accepted it?
"Because," Tony said, leaning in, "I met you."
“Apparently,” Steve says, and they both laugh, even though it’s not all that funny.  But Steve is feeling light and happy, and he suspects Tony is feeling much the same way.  “You really working on all those things you were talking about?” he continues after a moment.  “The… the super…”
"My job isn't to uncover mysteries, Mr. Stark," Cap replied.
, he scribbled on each one, on the front and on the back, on the top and in the middle and on the bottom.  When he was done, he tossed all the papers onto the floor, staring down at them after.
"Philanthropists are great people and they better the world," Steve said heatedly.  "And just because you don't think the ones in need deserve it, doesn't mean you're right."
"Wait, hold on," Steve said, but the voice kept speaking over him as though he weren't even there, going into far many details about light energy and surface mounting, whatever that was supposed to mean.
Pepper managed a weak chuckle.  "I don't know if I should feel reassured by that or not," she said.  "But I'll take it for now.  There was a lot of blood, and you doing… what you did didn't exactly help very much.  But it's cleaned up and bandaged now.  It doesn't look like the bullet hit any bones, so you should be okay with a lot of rest."
“We kicked ass,” Luke adds.
Without thinking about it, Tony's hands automatically reached to undo the latches holding the armor in place.  A few seconds ago, he hadn't minded the thought of remaining cooped up inside.  But now—now he wanted out.  To not have molded metal separate him from the man who had just opened up to him.  "Well, Steve," he said, oddly breathless as he stepped out, "my name is Tony.  It's very nice to meet you."
As soon it clicked shut, Steve stood up again, even though it still hurt and he didn't know what he was going to do.  It was just… this was the first time he'd been separated from Tony since he'd been brought out of the ice.  And he didn't like it.  What if something happened?  What if Tony got hurt while Steve was just standing here like an idiot?
"Thanks," Tony replied.  He turned then, looking at the skeleton that they were finally standing next to.  It wasn't fair.  He would have loved to take his time here, to check everything out, but it wasn't in the cards.  There was only enough time to spot the fragment they'd been looking for resting atop the skeleton's sternum—Cap reached for it first, though, and held it up to him.
A door burst open, and the sounds of moaning filled the air.
"Still a shame," Ty said, making a faint
"I think so," Cap said.  "Mr. Stark?"
“Markings look familiar,” Tony said, gladly latching onto the new topic and making out the pattern of stripes he’d committed to memory after that one time he’d realized he couldn’t distinguish Steve from other sabretooths.  “Sorry, but that’s gross.”
- Tony wondered if either of his parents had a connection to the military.  The dad had passed away, so it was within the realm of possibility. It wasn't something Tony could exactly ask about, though, not if he wanted to avoid rousing her suspicion.  "I want to say that you shouldn't let things like this ruin your relationships with other people, but how can I, when you're standing up for what you believe in?"
Tony closes his eyes, pressing close to him, and then he waits to die.
He slumped against it afterward, breathing fast despite the lack of physical exertion even as he willed his heart to stop thumping so he could hear if anyone was following.  For a long moment, there was nothing, until finally he heard Tony's Pa yell for Jarvis, something about getting him a drink.
aware—the armor was hardly silent—but Tony decided to try and keep quiet anyway as he edged closer to the voices, using the shelves of weapons as  cover.
"Need them?" Steve repeated, but Tony's jaw had set, and it didn't seem like he was willing to speak more in the immediate future.
Cap shook his head again.  "This is all assuming that stealth is even an option," he said.  "Just take it off the table.  We can't do stealth.  So we need to do the opposite of stealth.  And what's that?"
Because he likes designing things other than weapons.  Because he thinks there’s more to life than just being the richest and most powerful man in the room.  Because he wants to be
"My reactor is fine," Tony repeated.
He turned to look at Cap.  "What the hell was that?" he asked.  He was pretty sure that whatever had tried to kill them just now was triggered by something Cap did.
Tony snorted.  "You're just like Pepper, aren't you?"
"Just let me have this," Tony said.  "Anyway, she did mention that the glass on the walls was her doing.  Guess it's supposed to cripple any biters who come close to the hospital.  Well, and you, apparently."  He started to wipe down Steve's calf, his movements gentle.
.  There’s a wad of cash sticking out of his pocket, and everything becomes clear.  Fuck.  Howard is, of course, the type to make his own luck.  “Come on, Steve—” he begins, starting to tug the other man away, not wanting to watch this, but then Howard’s gaze snaps up, and suddenly they lock eyes, Tony’s throat going dry again.
Cap couldn't answer, because he was abruptly interrupted by the sound of a gun going off, his shield flashing in the light to deflect the bullet.
Then Cap came out through the door, breathing heavily despite not having done anything strenuous, as far as Tony could tell.  "It's done," he said.  "It's done."
Right.  He and Rogers had been walking, heading toward the entrance again, when they’d both collapsed for no reason…
Steve blinked.  "What?"
Tony just swiveled his chair away, not answering.  There was only one reason he was here, really.  It was the same reason he’d gone to the British Honduras or Atlantis or any of those other places: that faintest glimmer of hope that somewhere, somehow, he’d find a cure for his broken heart.
At this, Birch inexplicably smiled, holding up something.  It was, Tony realized with a start, the final piece of the artifact they'd been searching for.  The fact that Birch had the piece after all wasn't surprising—he'd suspected it for a long time, after all—but seeing it here now, right in front of him, made his heart skip a beat.  They were so close to it.  So close to the end.
But he hadn't, so it was just him and these letters.  He wondered if Steve had seen these. He hoped so. It was an insight into his parents that Tony had never had before.  He'd have to bring it up when he wrote his journal entry for the day.
But as he stands here now, watching as Tony’s boat is laboriously lowered inch by inch into the water, he thinks he understands.  Because now, regardless of what happens to
At last, he could hear the telltale sound of the wheels churning into motion, slowly making its way down the tracks.  He didn't have much time left, and there were still more biters coming.  With a quick swipe of his shield, he took out yet another biter that had gotten too close, and then he got back to push one last rock—God, it was practically a boulder—out of the way, body straining.
The widening of Rogers’ eyes was visible even in the dim light.  “You mean, we’re stuck down here in the dark with compromised equipment?  Tony, we have to get back up to the surface again.”  He cursed softly, which was surprising because Tony was pretty sure he’d never heard Rogers curse before.  “It’ll take us most of tomorrow to make it back…”
.”  With that, Tony pulls back, but only for a moment before he’s leaning forward again, taking his cock between his lips, and dear lord his mouth is warm and wet and perfect.  Hesitantly, Steve reaches up, slipping his fingers into Tony’s hair—while he likes that sort of thing, not everyone he’s slept with has welcomed this kind of contact—but Tony makes a slurping sound Steve can only describe as
But despite all of that, despite all of the disruptions and the headaches and the groaning, Tony… sort of liked it.  A little bit. Maybe.
"Then get over here," Tony said, gripping at the edge of the airship with one hand and leaning as far out as he could, arm extended.  "Come on!"
Steve pushed himself up into a sitting position, groaning a bit.  She wasn't wrong, it seemed. "It's okay," he said anyway. "I wanted to be here when you came back."
It was signed Tony Stark.
He didn't really need to read everything to have an idea of what was going on, anyway.  It was clear that Steve was packing, because now he lived alone and he probably couldn't afford this place with his measly income.  Was he going to be homeless? God, Tony hoped not. He wished - not for the first time - that he could have shared his own good fortune with Steve.  Maybe money couldn't buy happiness, but it sure as hell could buy some security.
"Too late," Tony said with a short laugh.  "It's fine.  I'm used to it."
The media is waiting for them as soon as the ship docks.  They have their cameras and their lights and their never-ending questions, and Tony decides he’ll have none of it.  Blanket still wrapped tight around himself, he worms his way into a crowd full of steerage and gets off with them, praying the reporters will avoid him in favor of the wealthy elites.  Sunset.  His father.
At first, the day seemed as though it would be the same as the others.  They rode down the streets of the city, tires quiet against the pavement as they navigated past dead cars and fallen bodies.  They snuck into a store at one point, took out a couple of biters, and found a few cans of food that had rolled under the shelves before getting back onto their bikes.
?  They had listened to ones that had been made
Tony could have pointed out that he was already based in New York, so going there was basically going home and he didn’t need Steve’s invitation.  “Okay,” was what he ended up saying anyway.
He stalked off, and Tony sighed, closing his eyes and tipping his head back against the lockers.  Maybe he was in the wrong. Ty was his friend here and now (and they were
"Yes," Stark said, and there was actually wonder in his eyes as he looked at Steve.  "You're still upset with me.  I can tell.  But it's only been a few months for you, and… you're right to be upset."  Steve blinked at this, because this wasn't how their last conversation had gone.  "But Christ, Steve.  It's been ten years for me.  I mourned you when I thought you died."
"Damn it," Steve whispered.  But he didn't know what else they could do.  On his own, he could dodge the biters long enough to find another way out, but as much as he hated to admit it, Tony wouldn't be able to make it.  At the very least, he could get Tony into the hallway and open the door from outside if it came to that.  "Okay.  Fine."  Carefully, he set Tony down, steadying him as he wavered on his one good foot.  Then he pressed the shovel into Tony's hand, gripping his shoulders afterward.  "I'll keep them off you until you're through," he said.  "But you—you listen to me.  Be safe, okay?  Just be—safe."
"Hey!" he called, stepping toward him.
Sunset crosses her arms, raising an eyebrow and watching him coolly, barely casting a glance toward Steve.  “I was going to ask you the same thing.”
“And you’re very hard to please,” Rogers replied.  “But don’t worry.  We should be back on the airship by tomorrow, and then you can eat whatever you want.”
The man in question looks up from where he’s currently crouched on a desk, face breaking into a smile that manages to be bright and terrified at the same time. “Tony!” he says.  “You—you came back!”
Tony groaned, reaching up with his good arm—though it itched, so it wasn't really a good arm anymore, except his bad arm was both itchy and shot, so he supposed it was still his good arm if only relatively speaking—to rub at his temple.  "No, not that," he said.  "I don't care about that."  Who gave a damn if he was having some nightmares?  He always had nightmares.  "I mean the important things."  His throat ached again, but he made himself add, "My friends.  Where?"
“O-okay,” Steve says, though he looks uncertain.  “W-we should get on the raft, then.”
He’s holding up a ring.
Steve rolls his eyes, but he slips his arms around Tony in return, playing along.  “Yeah.  You could get into vaudeville.  Can you dance?”
"Jokes?  Really?"
Rogers frowned down at his torso, looking as though he’d be able to see them through Tony’s skin if he just stared hard enough.  Maybe he could.  Did he have x-ray vision?  No, that was Superman.  Rogers was just Captain America.  “I can’t tell,” Rogers said at last, and Tony had to try not to laugh, because that would be completely inappropriate and out of nowhere at the current moment.  “But if they are, I don’t think there’s anything I can do.”
Tony beamed at them all.  "Tonight," he said.
Tony shook his head again.  "It's not just that," he said.  "Steve, do you know what we need for a airborne distribution mechanism besides something to distribute?  We need a way to power it."  He laid his hand over his chest.  "I designed it to use the fusion reactor.  It's the most reliable thing there is."
"It's nice to meet you, Tony.  Captain."  Jessica inclined her head toward them both.  If either of them thought about Stark Industries, they didn't mention it.  To Stark's credit, he didn't seem particularly put-out by the thought, or lack thereof.  "We're sorry we were hostile earlier.  We've been on the run."
But that was okay.  Leaving, for now, wasn't part of the plan.
The other man’s brows furrow slightly, as though this is some sort of difficult question that he really needs to
He frowned a bit when he stepped through the doorway, looking around.  He hadn't paid much attention in the morning when he'd woken up, too groggy to notice fine details, but now he got the odd feeling that things were… off.  Like a stranger had been here and moved things around. But that wasn't possible, was it? Surely Ma would have said something if they'd had a visitor - she certainly hadn't shied away from mentioning other things.
Another whine.  With a wary glance at the gauntlet, the sabretooth took a few steps forward, then placed its paw against Rogers’ shield.  Its body seemed to be shaking.
Jarvis raised an eyebrow at him, somehow managing to look both stern and indulgent.  "Yes, very funny," he said. "Take this and eat before you give the microwave wheels again."  He handed Steve a plate, which Steve took, confused in many ways. Was the roast box a "microwave"?  Had Tony given it wheels before? And what on earth was on his plate now?
“Trust me, if they can afford this car, they can afford more lotion.  Now relax, I need to prepare you.”
Jessica went to start rummaging through the cabinets—this looked like it had once been an office, rather than a classroom.  "He looks better this way," she said coldly.
Steve wasn't a Stark, though.  It therefore followed that he should be allowed to cry, if he hadn't already, and the way he kept on making half-assed attempts to find positives while skimming over all the negatives kind of implied to Tony that he indeed hadn't.  And if Tony didn't let him know this, then who would? Not Dougie, who'd seemed to react to the news with his own brand of denial. Not Arnie, who Tony had tried to get closer to with only partial avail, leaving him mostly as a childhood friend from the past.  Just himself.
"Those people were going to die anyway," Maya said.  "All this has done is speed up the process."
.  He doesn’t care that he’s known him for all of what, two, three days?  It doesn’t matter.  None of that matters.  The only thing that does matter is that Steve is the most important person in his life, and Tony is leaving him to die alone.  After everything that’s gone on, after all they’ve been through… is this how it ends?  Tony being lowered away to safety, while Steve remains on a doomed ship, certain to die?
with you.  And… I don’t want to be on a break anymore, Tony.  After what happened, and after thinking about what we do… you’re right.  We get into dangerous situations all the time, and life’s too short to get upset over that.  I’d rather spend my time being happy.  With you, if you’ll have me back.”
“You should get some sleep,” Rogers said, and Tony started, realizing he’d been staring.
Steve stared at him for a long while, and for a moment Tony wondered if he was even going to do anything.  Then he lifted one massive paw, putting it around Tony’s shoulders and pulling him close.  “Oof,” Tony said, because even something as well-intentioned as a hug came off as somewhat heavy-handed when Steve as a sabretooth was doing it, but once he got used to the pressure he leaned forward, burying his face against Steve’s fur.  “So,” he managed, “a hug.  Hugs are good, right?”  He heard Steve snort, and then his neck moved in a way that seemed to indicate nodding, even though Tony couldn’t actually see.
Suddenly, there were sounds of a scuffle as Rogers did—something; it was too dark for Tony to really see, but it sounded like Rogers had jumped onto it from behind and was grappling with it.  “Shoot it!” Rogers shouted.
Any further conversation was halted by the sound of a gunshot, and Steve winced, trying to will the ringing in his ears to go away.  Once his hearing had calmed down, he looked back just long enough to make sure the gunshot was what he'd thought it was, then quickly turned his attention to the boxes again, taking a deep breath.  It had happened.  It had really happened.
Tony tapped the picture.  "On its own, the text here doesn't mean much, just that one day whoever was in charge decided to move some things around.  Combined with the knowledge of our friend here—" he motioned toward the thing that looked like tiger's-eye, still sitting in its jar on the table—"which is
"We're going to do this," Tony said above the sounds of Rhodey swearing and Pepper taking a shuddering breath.  "Charging again!"
What had Steve written in his journal again?  He was going to help out a doctor, and once that was done…
"So," Tony said as they walked.  "Lab supplies.  You're finding time for your biology research in the middle of an undead epidemic?"
Tony stopped beside him, frowning.  "What is it?  You found something?"
Tony looks away, back through the glass wall to where Steve is, then abruptly realizes that Steve’s awake and is looking right at him.
"That'll be messy," Carol said.  Steve could tell she was trying to tease from the way her lips curved upward, but there was real fear in her eyes.  "I guess you would've offered something smaller if you had it."
“I don’t care,” Tony says.
Steve reminded himself not to snap.  He was supposed to be better at this now.  "So what is it?"
So he squeezed his eyes shut and whispered: "He's a murderer."
Arnie
Steve put down the last remaining biter, hesitating a moment before joining Stark by one of the tables and helping him drag it so that it was positioned under Jessica.  They then did the same for a second table, hauling it to sit over the first one.  "It's good to have a super soldier around," Jessica said with a small smile before coming out feet-first, landing on the table and climbing down.  "Thanks, both of you."
, which was marginally better than not knowing anything at all.
anywhere by tomorrow night.  So what’s it going to be?”
Tony frowned a little.  "Those regulations exist to prevent the things from happening during the war from being repeated."
“I bet,” Tony murmured.  It hurt too much to tilt his head up to watch Rogers, so he just gave up, relaxing back against the ground and trusting the other man to tend to him.  After all, it wasn’t like he had a choice, and if he was really being honest with himself, well.  It—it was kind of nice, having someone tending to him who didn’t seem to be bothered by his metal chest plate, unlike everybody else.  For once, he didn’t have to hide what was, in the end, a major part of him.  “Well, I’m grateful.  Thanks.”
as Cap bodily hauled him over his shoulder, and before he knew it, they were moving, Cap gracefully making his way from safe tile to safe tile even with Tony's added weight—he must have memorized where Tony had stepped and was now taking them in reverse.  "This isn't necessary," he protested, but Cap kept going, and then they were back at the entrance in far less time than it had taken to initially cross the room.  Tony caught a glimpse of Pepper's face as he was set down on his feet; she looked as though she couldn't decide whether or not to look amused or concerned.  Damn it.
The mission was to guard a remote-controlled bomber drone, one with enough range from London to Japan, or - if what they were guarding against came to pass - from Germany to D.C.
“Fuck,” Tony pants as he slumps forward, making what looks like a token attempt to stay upright before just collapsing on top of Steve with a grunt.  “Oh, wow, you’re comfortable.  Okay, I’m just going to lie here for a good long while.  Alright?”
“I don’t want to be responsible for your death!” Rogers replied, throwing up his hands.  “How can you do this?”
"Then let's find them."  Shovel out, Tony headed back the way they'd come, and Steve followed after him, unable to do anything but wonder what was in store.
“Steve!” he hears, and the voice is filled with such relief it makes Steve’s knees buckle.  In the next moment, the door opens, and Tony sloshes in, running over to him and immediately throwing his arms around his body.  His eyes are a little wild and his hair is a mess, but other than that, he… he looks as well as can be expected.  “I’m sorry!” the other man cries, running his hands through Steve’s hair, breathing hard as he nuzzles against him.  “Steve, I’m so sorry, I never should have believed them, I’m a fucking idiot—”
, Maya had said, and Steve realized now why she had told him that.
"What do you mean, 'this'?" Steve pressed.
But all good things came to an end.  Cap sprayed the antiseptic, which made Tony wince but not as badly as he had when it'd been applied to the gunshot wound, and then he was putting a fresh dressing on, taping it in place.  "There we go," Cap said as he pulled the shirt back down.  "Should last through the night."
Tony tries to keep his voice level.  “It’s actually not what you think—”
“Uh, wow,” Tony couldn’t help but say as he got closer, staring at the dead deer.  “I hope Bambi wasn’t around to see that.”
The first few entries from right after the last time he'd visited were standard Steve fare - the goings-on of the delivery job he was still doing, musings over the war brewing in Europe (Tony never responded to those parts, even if he was fascinated - who knew if him giving Steve future knowledge about the Second World War would have some kind of butterfly effect), and whatever altercations he had with Dougie for the day.  Nothing about any girls, unfortunately, though Tony supposed he wasn't surprised. This was Steve he was dealing with, after all.
As everyone socializes, Tony slips back inside the tower, gathering some of the personal belongings he’d left behind earlier.  Not that any of these things are even particularly important, but somehow, the act of doing this gives things an air of… finality.  And right now, that’s just what he’s looking for.
His gaze drifted to the windows and back.  The autopilot had been haphazardly slapped together, but it was working for now, which was the important part.  "What will you do?" he asked.  "Once this is over?"
"Bingo."  Stark did something more with an additional length of twine and some lighter fluid, then held the ball up for them to examine.  It looked extremely unimpressive.  "Don't everyone swoon at once," he said.  "Anyway, this is our ticket in.  We'll be vulnerable when climbing inside, so this will distract the biters until we can get into a classroom or something, and then we'll make our way to the cafeteria from there."
“I don’t think this registration thing is a good idea,” Steve tells him one evening as he sketches poppies in the fading sunlight, and Tony should have known then that this was too good to last.
Steve glanced up in surprise, but he smiled when he saw who it was, setting down his notepad.  “Hi,” he said, before his gaze dropped down to look at the pelt draped over one chair.  “I don’t know.  I was thinking of tacking it up on my wall at home, but I’m kind of afraid it would come to life in the middle of the night and try to eat me.”
"I know!"  A plan was starting to form in his head, though he already knew going in that it was a damned foolish plan and maybe he would die, but at this rate they were going to die anyway, so it wasn't actually that risky after all, and him dying was better than the lot of them dying.  He came to a halt, motioning for Pepper and Rhodey to keep going when they turned toward him with bewildered expressions.  "I'm going to shoot it down."
It was five days later when they left the hospital, Tony's ankle having healed enough for him to insist that he could walk long distances without a problem.  Steve had his doubts, but he didn't want to eat his way through Natasha's stores, and in any case, he figured that he'd just carry Tony if it came to it.  After all, it wasn't like he hadn't done it before.
Tony suddenly felt very uncomfortable, and he quickly pushed his chair back so that he could stand up.  "So can I go now?"
"You don't have to be like this," Steve managed between wheezes.
They fanned out, eyes on the ground to spot anything of interest.  It was Pepper who found it, pushing hard at a rock that might have once been engraved with something, but now looked as weathered and worn as every other rock around them.  "Need some help here."
"You sound like you know from personal experience."
—you’re going to pick yourself up and put everything back together, because that’s you.  You’re Iron Man.  That’s what you do.”
"Probably more undercover work, then," Bucky mused, prompting Tony to perk up.
The revelation dropped on him like a heavy weight, and for a moment, Steve could do nothing but stare at Tony blankly.  His fault?  How was that even possible?  Why would Tony ever partake in something so terrible in the first place?  "I don't understand," he managed at last.
“Y-you think?” Tony whispers.  He scoots closer to him, needing more of the other man.  Doesn’t matter if they’re both freezing right now.  It’s not his warmth he wants, it’s
had happened; Tony regretted not catching up on Steve's journal even more.  Though he obviously didn't spend much time talking with those he delivered to - he was here conducting a transaction, not shooting the breeze, after all - there were at least pleasantries exchanged.
Tony smiled, though it was tinged with sadness.  "Don't worry about it, Steve," he said.  "I'm just trying to say that I got better at recognizing their tells.  And I just want you to be careful, too."
“—Which doesn’t even
Rhodey swore.  "Is that smoke I smell?" he called.  "Because if it is, we're in even more trouble."  He paused briefly, and Tony saw that he was supporting Pepper's weight so that she could reach high enough to grab Cap's arm.  "Breathing in the oils from burning poison ivy is going to be hell on the lungs, if not worse—"
“God,” he whispers again, and he reaches out with his good arm, embracing Steve one more time.  Then carefully, carefully, he takes hold of Steve’s wrist, moving it away so that it’s not wrapped around him anymore, eyes squeezed shut as he does so.  His beautiful, noble Steve, he thinks.  Curled around him until the very end, as though he could somehow protect Tony from all the evils of the world.
He'd done something.  Tony knew he'd done something, and he needed to stop him.  But then another
Cap waved a hand dismissively.  "It's my job."
Rogers pursed his lips, looking thoroughly annoyed.  “I don’t like this,” he said, to which Tony had to consciously stop himself from saying
Tony knew that something was off as soon as he sat up in bed.  The ceiling had the same stain it always did, and the foot supports he'd made for Steve were sitting on the nightstand as usual, ready to be put on for the day.  He spared a grateful thought for the fact that Steve was still wearing them and had even thanked Tony for it, even though really, Tony had mostly made them for himself so that walking wouldn't be so painful when he was in this body.  But soon enough, his mind turned to the other things in the room - or rather, the lack thereof. There hadn't been much to begin with, but there was certainly a difference between "not much" and "nearly nothing", and right now there was nearly nothing.  Most of the furniture he was used to was gone, and there were some open boxes sitting at the other end of the room.
Rogers stepped forward and nosed against him, which he took to mean as
The journey was, for the most part, uneventful.  Steve was making good time, and though the incline was steadily getting steeper, with the help of glorious aspirin, Tony had no problem holding on as he looked around and tried to take mental notes on everything he was seeing—it was hard to believe, but a part of him was actually feeling
Huh.  So it wasn’t just Tony with the faulty electronics, then.  “Don’t worry about it.  My stuff is messed up, too.”  At least his heart was still working.
Freed now, he manages to roll off the raft, landing in the water—and Christ, suddenly the wind is back with a vengeance.  But instead of leaving just yet, he pulls out the ring again, and then he takes Steve’s hand and slips it on.  “I l-love you, Steve,” he tells him one more time, voice no more than a whisper.  “I’ll always love you.  I-I’ll always be yours.  And I p-promise you I’m g-going to fly, a-and I also promise you—I a-also promise you we’re going t-to meet again.”  He hauls his upper body back onto the raft enough to press one last, fleeting kiss to Steve’s cold lips, and then he makes himself let go.
And that was when he knew without a reasonable doubt this was it, that this was the cure he’d been searching for.  His power detector was going haywire, so he just shut it off, stuffing it back into his pack.  “I hope you brought champagne, Rogers, because now would be an excellent time to bring it out.”
"No," Steve said, immediately shying away, even if it made him stumble over his own feet.  It'd been a long time since he'd felt so uncoordinated.  "Let me."
Trust him, Cap had said.  They had thirty-four seconds remaining.  Tony hit the "S" key.
Steve thought about Peter and Carol and the things Jessica had had to do.  He thought… maybe he could understand it now, her decision to do what she'd done.  But he prayed to God that such a choice would never be forced onto him.  "Go on," he urged.
Bucky didn't answer.  That was okay.  Steve approached him, ignoring the sound of pounding at the door.  He couldn't believe what he was seeing.  Bucky was here, not dead across the Atlantic.  Just to reassure himself that this was real, he closed the distance between them, embracing him tightly.  Bucky was bigger now—still not his height, but closer now than before.  God, Steve had missed him, and to find a piece of his past here again meant more to him than he could have ever known.
Tony felt a numbness settle into him, starting with his hands and then spreading through the rest of his body.
Tony frowned a bit before his eyes went wide.  "Yeah," he said.  "It's coming from our right, I think.  Let's go."
“Positive.”  He laughs bitterly.  “What is there to say, anyway?  I’m a sad, rich man.  For all you know, I just heard that I lost all my stock.”  Men have killed themselves over much less, after all.
"You think my answer's gonna change since the last time you asked me that, oh, I don't know, ten minutes ago?" Tony replied, raising an eyebrow at him.
, and yet you refuse to treat me with any respect whatsoever.”  She tosses her napkin into his face.  “Think about it, Tony.  Maybe eventually you’ll realize what you’re doing wrong.”  With that, she turns, stalking out of the room, and Tony’s pretty sure he’s not imagining it when the door seems to slam shut louder than normal.
Tony blinked, tearing his eyes away from… more interesting parts, and took Steve’s hand, managing to stand up as well.  “Yeah,” he said, letting go to rummage around in Steve’s pack, bringing out a shirt and pants a moment later and holding them out to him.
That was something Steve still needed to take care of, but it could wait.  "But I
Steve exhaled sharply in relief as he looked up at her.  "What happened?"
, he does drop the flowers, whirring around and taking a step back, and that’s when his heart leaps to his throat and doesn’t budge an inch.
, so if anyone has the right to joke around in an attempt to cope, it’s him).
But he wasn’t dead, from what he could tell.  If his senses could be believed, he was still lying on a stone floor in an igloo-thing at the top of a mountain, covered by a blanket of cold air.  That was probably good, he thought, even if all his limbs felt like jelly.
Tony stares at him for a moment longer, then laughs, his good arm clutching at Steve.  “God, what kind of a question is that?  Of course it’s alright.”  He sobers a moment later, looking back at him.  “I think this is the first time I’ve ever heard someone say those words to me.  Except for maybe my mother.”
Steve watched Tony for a moment, thinking about where their relationship was now, and then nodded.  "Yes," he said softly.  "It's okay for you to say."
It wasn't actually that much easier this time around, but at least Tony was a little more emotionally prepared now.  He read Steve's admission about how he had been afraid and trying to pretend the worst wasn't happening, he read Ma's last words to Steve, he read Steve's stream-of-consciousness rambling as he tried to figure out what it meant to stay and remember and fight.  By the end of that particular entry, it didn't really seem like Steve had managed to figure it out. Tony couldn't blame him. He wasn't sure he really knew, either.
He looked back at the guy.  The guy looked back at him.
Immediately, Steve felt his vision begin to swim, gripping a table in an attempt to keep himself steady.  "
He froze.  It was so faint he'd almost missed it, but—he'd heard it.  That was a biter sound.  He turned quickly, facing the darkness of the tunnel, and then he saw them—not too many, and mostly spaced out, but he didn't know if there were more where he couldn't see, and if they piled up in one place the train wouldn't be able to pass through.
"Hansen…" Tony repeated thoughtfully.  "I've heard of you.  You've written a few papers on biology."
Twelve years since he and Steve had sat here in this poppy field, the flowers a brilliant orange in the fading sunlight as Tony held his hand and bit back the words on his tongue.
"Stark, you okay?" Steve asked as he captured his shield.
"Steve, Tony," Jessica said, glancing back sideways at them, "start getting supplies.  I'll join you in… in a little bit."
“You remembered?”  No one’s ever… just remembered things like this about him before.  Howard remembers, but only to ridicule him for it.  Steve, though…
It didn't.  And it was funny - for a given definition of funny - because Tony had confronted death before, and he'd even welcomed it, hoped for it.  But of course, there had been Steve that time, Steve's life that had been on the line, and now, for reasons Tony would never forget - there wasn't.
you’ve read… that’s just been me looking for a cure.  I tried science.  I tried surgery.  Nothing works but charging the pump, and that’s not a cure, that’s just a temporary fix, because even with the charge, my heart’s getting worse and worse, and eventually not even the charge will be enough.  So I wanted to look for magic.  I mean, at this point, science was failing me.  Why not just throw all my cards to the wind and see what happened?”
By now, it was slowly sitting up; was it just him, or did it seem rather lethargic and weak?  Rogers must have put up a hell of a fight, and
.  You're still hurt!"
He stopped dead in his tracks, motioning for Tony to stop too.  Tony did, though he looked confused.  "What is it?"
?  Best to stay focused.  With that, he bites his lip and continues forward, heading into the other adjacent room, looking around.  He then repeats this with the next room in the hallway, again and again and again, and God, how is it possible that there’s nothing in any of these rooms that can help him?
But this—this is different.  Steve is inextricably wound up in the part of his life that Tony found so hard to share with Rumiko.  Steve’s seen him at his best and also at his worst.  Steve is
This time, the blast hit, and the plane swerved off toward the trees, leaving a trail of smoke in its wake.  A loud sound seconds later told them what happened to it.  Pepper pulled the wire away in the meanwhile, then sagged against Tony, breathing hard.
"Yes!"
Unfortunately, he didn’t see any other choice, and Steve—or whoever it was—was getting further and further away with each passing second.  “Steve!” he hissed.
"Sure," Cap said, but Tony could tell that Cap still didn't think his behavior was particularly worthy of praise.
.  This wasn't happening.  It wasn't.  It wasn't.
Tony struggled to come up with a response.  First it was that Steve had been found, and then it turned out Steve was alive, and
came out of a test tube and some vita rays.
"Don't," Steve said, his throat going dry.  It was his fault.  He'd been wrong, and Tony had almost paid for it with his life.  "I thought… I knew they were dangerous, but—"
When Steve goes underground, Tony doesn’t even hear about it until minutes after the fact—which, given that he has Extremis, is completely unacceptable.  By the time he’s able to head out and look for him, Steve is long gone.
"They're not staying here long-term, Stark."
"I'll go up and check it out," Rhodey said, then turned and disappeared up the stairs.
That set Tony off into another fit of laughter and tears, so Steve had to reach up and brush them away again.  "Good point," he said once he'd calmed.  "It's better than nothing.  It's—God, it's so much better than nothing."  He reached up at that point, taking Steve's hand, except then he seemed to reconsider it, letting go in the next second.  Steve wished he hadn't, but he didn't comment on it and instead wordlessly pulled his hand away.  "I don't know what to say," Tony finally continued.  He took a deep breath, staring into the distance.  "I thought you died."
There was no harm in at least taking a look, Steve supposed, so he nodded, and together they headed inside.  The architecture was as magnificent as Steve remembered from the few times he'd been here in his youth, but Jesus—there were so many bodies here, and the stench was almost overwhelming.  He was tempted to ask Tony to turn back, but Tony was already pressing on, determined, and so Steve held his tongue.  He could tell by the way Tony's fingers were flexing that he was itching to get his hands on something, to make it work again, and Steve had to smile at the thought.  He'd push on if that was what Tony wanted.
For a beat, there was silence.  Tony couldn't see anything, but somehow he could visualize Cap's stricken expression as though he were standing right there in front of him.
"Hmm."  Cap didn't say anything else, but he did pull the chair up to Tony's bed, sitting back in it and looking comfortable in a way that made Tony suspect he was up to something.
He wanted to be a coward.  He wanted to wipe the laptop and never know.  But even as he thought it, he knew he couldn't do it.  Steve had
And time marches on.
“It wasn’t worth it,” Tony whispers, but the one person who needed to hear it most is lost to him forever.
Tony reached out, giving Steve’s head one more pat, then straightened to examine the pedestal.  It looked like the one from the big igloo in the underground city, but larger and missing the sabretooth drawings.  And unlike the other one, this one had not a gem, but a golden glove, its palm facing him.  The image of the hand looked vaguely familiar, though he couldn’t quite place it at the moment.  Could he wish on the glove?  God, it sounded so stupid, but it had worked on the gem, hadn’t it?  He’d wished on it, and things had come true.  Not in the best of ways, but it’d worked.
"Thanks," Tony said, getting up to take the tray from the woman, bringing it back to the bed.  "We have our own food, though."
Steve frowned at him.  "What's going on?  She seems fine.  We can't be suspicious of everyone, not in a time like this.  We're all in this together, Tony."
Groaning, he forced himself to open his eyes, looking around.  As he’d thought, he was still where he’d collapsed last night.  The pedestal was right in front of him, though the gauntlet wasn’t in his line of vision, which was admittedly limited because he couldn’t bring himself to move any of his limbs right now.  But if he focused just a little, turning his head ever so slightly to make out that thing in his peripheral vision—
Oh, well, coffee.  That was worth getting up for.  Tony pushed himself up and made grabby hands for it, smiling blearily at his benefactor - Ty, of course, who else would it be - before drinking it all in one go.  "Thanks," he managed afterward.
Tony groaned.  Honestly, Rogers did have a point, even if Tony didn’t want to admit it.  22%... it could last them until noon tomorrow,
“Power detector,” Tony replied, flipping a switch and turning it to look at the display.  “It can track different types of power.  Electric, magnetic, nuclear… you name it.  It’s bound to show us something more interesting than just wandering around aimlessly.”
.  Tony whipped his head around, half-expecting to see the room suddenly be engulfed in flames, but he saw only Cap, who was staring at his hand.  A hand, Tony realized, was ungloved and wearing a thick orange ring.
"So?" Cap asked as he came in again, presumably catching sight of Tony sitting and doing nothing.  "Are we FUBAR?"
of all places, bringing a sketchbook so he can draw flowers, is absurd.  But Steve doesn’t comment on it, and so Tony remains silent as well, trying not to think of the fact that if the wind blows just right, he can smell Steve’s soap all over again.
"Sal," Steve whispered, beginning to see where this was going.
It’s Steve.
The words felt like they were from a lifetime ago.  In a way, they were.  A divide had been created when he had left Steve, and still another when Steve had drove that booby-trapped plane into the Atlantic and Tony had done nothing to stop it.
?” he snaps when he’s done.
"This
He looks down at Tony’s hand in confusion.  That’s sort of a weird request, isn’t it?  The thing is from Sunset.  And Steve thought Tony was trying to get away from her.  Nonetheless, if Tony wants it… Steve isn’t going to deny him.  He doesn’t think he can deny Tony anything.  “Alright,” he replies.
To his surprise, Rogers nodded, and so Tony went about attaching both of their packs and the shield to Rogers’ back.  It was awkward, but with some clever use of twine, they were able to manage.  Jesus, Rogers was
He closed his eyes, but instead of falling asleep, he found himself opening them again after just a few minutes, peering at Steve in the darkness.  “Hey, Steve?” he asked.  Steve made a soft questioning sound in response, so Tony continued, “We’re going to make it in time, Steve.  By this time tomorrow, we’ll be at the top, and you’ll be human again.  Alright?”
Tony drew back a little.  "I have plans for that."
you.  I told you not to see him again.  And what did you do?  You disobeyed me.  You put swine over your own family, and now look at what’s happened.”
“It’ll collapse,” Steve protests.
The ruins, which had felt so peaceful mere moments ago, were suddenly ablaze—Tony realized now that the torches had probably been rigged to topple over when the trap was triggered, which explained the noise he'd heard when it had happened.  And if the distress signal was any indication, he suspected they were going to have company very soon.
, he remembered.  Those were the last words he'd spoken.
Steve stepped back, the woman visibly relaxing as he did.  "Thank you," he said.  "Now get out of here, and tell anyone else you find to evacuate.  There are biters loose."
him?  Because Steve thought if he stuck around, he was just going to hurt him again?  Please.  Tony had survived much worse.  But
“Should I be apologizing for being too busy
Tony beams, clapping him on the shoulder.  “It’s settled, then.  Father can escort Sunset, and I’ll meet you on the Grand Staircase tomorrow evening.  I’ll see you then, Steve.”  Before he can forget, he sheds Steve’s jacket, handing it back to him.  “And… thanks.  For everything.”
Tony frowned.  So Steve had known she was sick.  He wrote about
"You literally ran to the locker room as soon as we were finished to read this shit," Ty snapped.  "You haven't even changed out of your track uniform. I'm tired of having to deal with this, so tell me what the hell is going on with you.  Now."
To Tony’s surprise, he can see Sunset swallow, and for the briefest of moments, there’s a spark of affection for her.  Despite everything that’s happened, despite the fact that he has no idea if her hesitation stems from the fact that she actually cares about them or if she’s just thinking about what this might mean for her business prospects, he takes off his lifebelt, then shrugs off his suit jacket and wraps it around her before putting the lifebelt back on.  “Go,” he urges.
Suddenly, though, Carol’s there, placing a hand against his shoulder.  “Easy,” she says.  “Don’t go barreling in now after you took your sweet time getting here.”
Stark rubbed his forehead.  "Steve, it's not rational to not kill any of them," he said.  "It was okay when we were just running away, but if we need to secure a place for Jessica that's not going to work out."
Rogers seemed to raise one eyebrow at him—how he could still do that, Tony didn’t know—and Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair.  He was many things, but dishonest wasn’t one of them.
So Tony continued on, making his way toward the sunlight he hadn't seen in weeks.  Not much later, the enemy finally gathered its wits enough to begin to rain fire down upon him.
Twenty minutes after that, he was crouching at the edge of a clearing, watching as a sabretooth ambled across it, away from him.  Was it Steve?  It was hard to tell, and Tony realized with a sinking feeling that he wasn’t sure if Steve had any unusual markings.  So what now?  If he just called out Steve’s name and attracted the sabretooth’s attention and then it wasn’t Steve, he’d be in trouble.
"Darling," Tony finally said, so softly that it might not have been audible without the serum.
“What kind of a question is that?  Of course I want to see.”  Tony stands up, still stark naked, and approaches him, leaning over his shoulder.  Steve tries not to get too distracted.  “Hmm,” he says.  “Not bad.”  Steve turns toward him, pouting, and Tony laughs, shaking his head.  “I’m teasing you.  This is wonderful.  This… really looks like me.  Not just physically, but…”  He gestures with one hand.  “I don’t know.  You know what I mean.  Maybe.”
At that, Steve bolted upward, even if it made his head spin, and Tony was quick to support him.  "Natasha," he snarled.  "She must have—Bucky
now, Tony thinks, but by the time he thinks to say the words out loud, Steve is already gone.
He bristled.  “And what, you shouldn’t?”  Was it bad that Rogers set him off so easily?  Probably.  But whose fault was that?  If everyone had just let him go treasure-hunting on his own like he wanted, then he wouldn’t have had anyone to get annoyed at.
Tony wondered what she was thanking Cap for.  He also wondered when she'd started calling him that as well.  But he decided to be good and not pry, especially because he preferred to get Cap out of the room right now instead of engaging him in conversation.  "Hey," he said, turning his head toward Cap.  "Don't you need rest too?"
Steve whipped his head around to look at him, and Tony found himself involuntarily stepping back, automatically bringing his gauntlets up.  It was just—for a moment, he’d seemed dangerous.  Like an actual sabretooth.  But then the look faded, and a puzzled expression took its place.
He trailed off.  Steve watched Tony expectantly for a moment, but nothing more came—and then suddenly the words that had gone unsaid came to him in a rush of blinding clarity, and Steve didn't know if he could take it.  "Tony," he whispered.  "You…"
"Is it?" Steve asked dubiously, opening up one box to find a whole selection of MREs.  "Sounds like they gave up their liberty for safety, and in the end they didn't even get that."
Tony shook his head, leading him under the archway that proclaimed they were entering the St. Barnabas Hospital.  Steve thought he could hear a chime or something as they passed through, even though they were still outdoors, but he wasn't sure.  "The hospital might have disinfectant.  Needles and thread for sutures.  Maybe a sink that I can get working.  It's better inside."
"There's a structure," Cap said, pointing in the direction of the smoke.
Tony blinks, looking mildly surprised.  “No one… no one ever touches me like that during sex,” he says at Steve’s questioning gaze, and Steve’s heart aches at the admission.  “Keep—keep on doing that?”
He set her down, stepped back, and prayed that he wasn't about to be responsible for her death.
Except then she breaks up with him, and as if on cue, the rest of his life falls apart.  His armor is used to kill innocent people.  The mansion is burned down.  The Avengers are forced to disband.
, right?  Do you remember the issue with Wong-Chu?  Yeah.  There was a point where I was completely alone with the guy and his cronies.  No Rhodey or Virgil to see.  And they just… they were brutal.  I was unconscious for half of it, so I don’t even know what they did.  By the time I managed to escape, I was dying, and I had a repulsor pump installed in my chest.  Rhodey found me and took me back to Jarvis, and we worked out a way to get my heart working properly again.  The problem was, the only way to do that was to keep the pump charged.  If it goes empty, I die.”
A bowl of something was pushed into his face; Tony managed to sit up on one elbow and take it, peering into it doubtfully.  “Chicken and rice,” Rogers said.  “And I’m heating water for instant coffee.”
"I know that if I gave my life up for someone else, it would be because I thought it would be worth it," Yinsen interrupted.  "And if I were that person, the one who was saved, then as long as I still had a pulse I would do everything in my power to make sure that was true.  Is this not the case for you, Stark?"
"Yeah, yeah," Luke muttered.  "So… what?  You leaving now?"
“Charmed,” Sunset replies dryly.  Tony can see Steve open his mouth to acknowledge her in return, but she’s already looking away again, talking over him.  “Your father has been looking for you.  He wants to talk about the merger before we reach New York.”
“Steerage?” Howard interrupts, blanching.  “Are you trying to embarrass me, boy?”  He looks around, as though paranoid that someone might be listening in.  Then he leans forward, directing his glare at Tony again.  “What is
Tony exhaled, closing his eyes and leaning back against the tree trunk he was seated against.  "You were right," he said.  "I did open Pandora's Box.  And this is what came out."
Steve shook his head.  "That's not the kind of wire civilians buy," he said.  "We should be careful.  I get the feeling that whoever set this up is still around."
By the time they were running out of the plane, it was already moving.
"This sounds exactly like what happened last time," Rhodey pointed out.
should, either," Tony replied.  It didn't seem like Cap was deterred, though, because he was starting to carefully unwrap the bandages around his arm.  Well, if Cap was going to be stubborn, Tony supposed he could be stubborn right back.  "And what do you mean, we're not here to talk about you?  You saved my life by jumping in front of a barrage of arrows.  That's worth commenting on."
Steve just stared at him for a moment, then lowered his head and took a massive bite out of the body, starting to chew and seemingly oblivious to the blood running down his neck.  “Well, that’s nice,” Tony said, making a face as he put his knife away.  At least he wouldn’t have to get his hands bloody, though he wasn’t sure that this was actually all that much better.  A part of him wanted to watch in morbid fascination as Steve just… chomped away, while another part wanted to run off and go empty his stomach.
"To be fair, a lot of people can say that."
, because holy shit, Cap was suddenly next to him when he wasn't before, and he was using that shield of his to deflect the arrows far faster than Tony could have imagined.  The next thing Tony knew, he'd been hauled up and slung over Cap's shoulder, the clang of metal on metal sharp in his ears as Cap sprinted the rest of the way toward the other end of the room, shield still moving to deflect the arrows coming at them from both sides.
"Maya, it's over," Steve replied wearily.  "Tem is dead.  The stadium is burning down and we're surrounded by biters."
"Oh, gosh," he said out loud before he could stop himself.  Ma looked back at him from the stove, and Steve quickly ran a hand through his hair, trying to play it cool.  "I mean. It's embarrassing for you to say things like that, Ma."
Fury turned away, looking at someone outside the room.  "Captain," he called.
"No, Steve," Tony said gently.  "You can't.  Darling, I was bitten."
There are, as there have always been, three words Tony has kept close to his heart.  Three words he wants to say so badly, but he never will.  He’s afraid, he thinks.  After Rumiko, maybe it’s best if he saves them for the person his words are for.  And he wonders, sometimes, if Steve is that person—but surely the universe wasn’t so cruel as to bind Tony to him.  After all, how many people have killed their own soulmates?
“And?”
And that, Tony supposed, was where they differed, because Tony was quite sure he could explore the Savage Land on his own.  Hell, he’d been the leading man for
Tony woke up, and he wasn't Tony Stark.
Today, a fair few of them involved them telling him "good luck".
“Touch you…?” Steve repeats.  He looks at Tony, thinks again about how beautiful and smart and talented he is.  How he could probably be with any woman or man he wants.  But Tony wants
And he was afraid of having to go on in a world without him.
Steve took a deep breath, leaning against the door when he heard the biters continuing to thump against it.  They were going to break through if they kept this up.  "Where's Jessica?" he asked.
Tony attends—and fails to give a speech at—Steve’s funeral, which draws a crowd of thousands.  He’s brought to his knees when the Watcher appears and shows him the perfect future that he’d let slip through his fingers.  Then, finally, he and what’s left of the original Avengers—only Jan and Hank now—take Steve’s body to the Arctic.  It’s here, after all, where Steve once found solitude in an ever-changing world, and so it’s here he should find it again.
helping the country," he said.  "Try reading more than one page this time."
Then his father had pressured Tony to propose to her, and things had fallen apart from there.
God, he has it bad.  Now the water’s at his shoes and getting the bottom of his pants wet, and what does he hear?  Tony’s voice.  Calling his name.  He really wishes his mind wouldn’t tease him so, making him think that somehow Tony is down here, looking for him.
“You’re so deprived, Steve.  This way.”  Tony leads them further into the room, then stops in front of a fire-red car, beaming at it.  “Well?  Aren’t you going to let me in?”
Tony almost, almost felt bad about this, but ultimately it was inconsequential.  Rogers didn’t need to know about his ailing heart, and Tony didn’t
pull out were more photographs.  "This is an inscription found in Qufu.  See these two characters?  Same tiger-circle combination as the oracle bones from Yinxu.  And what's more—"  He shuffled the photos to display still more examples of the oracle bone script.  "These are other instances in which the characters for tiger and/or circle appear.  But these are written differently.  Simpler.
," Steve repeated, mildly horrified.  A third job just so he could see the doctor?  She was already exhausting herself with two. "He didn't hit my head.  I mean, besides the eye. Don't get another job." Ma let out a soft huff, clearly displeased, so Steve continued, "Don't do it, Ma.  If you do, I'll never see you because you'll be working all the time."
The second time he comes around, it’s just Steve in the room, dozing quietly as one of his hands holds onto Tony’s own.  But Steve must have been sleeping lightly and listening for the sounds of Tony’s breathing to change, because in the next second, he’s up too—and Tony almost never has a reason to think this, but right now, Steve really does look awful, face pale and eyes rimmed with red.
He helped Tony to his feet, only to have him immediately fall over with a soft hiss, eyes squeezing shut in pain.  "Fuck," he breathed.  "My ankle—I think it's sprained again."
"No!" cried an unfamiliar voice.  When the debris settled, Steve could see a blond woman on the floor, weakly backing away from them.  "Don't, I'm bit—"  Then her gaze settled on Steve, and just like that, her whole demeanor changed.  "
Tony woke up, and he was still Tony Stark.
"We're not being chased anymore, you know," Tony pointed out once the sounds of the stadium had faded away, though he nonetheless wrapped his arms around him.  "I can hobble around on my own.  For God's sake, you were
He went over to one side, feeling the walls of the bomb until he reached a latch and undid it.  There was a control panel inside, though he could barely see it in the darkness.
Steve exhaled quietly.  "Didn't I just get done telling you this wasn't your fault?"
From beside him, Pepper gasped, clutching her hands against her lips.  "Oh, my God," she said.
By the time he came back to himself, he realized that there was a hand on his shoulder, and he turned briefly enough to see the other man nearly standing, steadying himself against Tony.  "Bucky, what - "
He casts a wide net.  Once he’s in college, he starts sleeping around with anyone who might be associated with Thomas Paine in any way.  History students, because Paine was a historical figure.  Military personnel, because Paine was a patriot.  Political activists, because Paine was one himself.
Tony sighed as deeply as he dared - when his chest moved, everything ached, and he feared that the action would somehow accelerate the shrapnel's inexorable push toward his heart.  Then he went back to staring at Yinsen's hand. Back and forth, back and forth. "It's led us to our deaths here," he said, trying the words out in the hopes that confronting it would make the thought less terrifying.
again, despite the rusted signs and the lack of people he could communicate with.
"I saw something.  Turn right.  A little more.  More.
, he said, this time without the question mark.
, specifically, to cry.  He just… hadn't expected such an outpouring of emotion from Steve.  And he hadn't expected to be told that Steve thought of him as a friend.  It was a lot to take in.
"Hey, Tony," he heard in his own voice, and he suddenly felt such a powerful mix of relief, nervousness, and loss grip at his heart that he had to pause the recording to compose himself, taking in great gulps of air.  It was Steve. It was really Steve.
Eventually, Rogers came to a stop, and Tony only narrowly avoided bumping into him.  “We should stop for the night,” he said.  “Or at least, I think it’s night.”  He brought his wrist up, looking at his watch before frowning.  “Hmm.”
are the long-lost Captain America, and your friend is—was—CEO of Stark Enterprises, and the hero known as Iron Man."  She gave Tony a searching look.  "Given your lack of metal suit, though, maybe you are not Iron Man anymore, either."
The forest suddenly fell silent.
Forgiveness never does come in any of these emails, and Tony doesn’t expect it to.  But despite this, eventually he starts to feel like—like they’re actually
And yet… this place was his last, best hope.  There was something to be found down here, he was
interested customer, it's a plan."
believe in the most scientifically-likely reason for Steve's existence, which would have been him developing some sort of time-displaced other personality who occasionally took over for a day.  Instead, he'd come up with another idea, even if it meant accepting that maybe the impossible was actually possible.
“Don’t be silly.”  Tony smirks and walks off, beckoning for Steve to follow.  “I realized after I left you earlier that this would probably happen.  Lucky for you, I happen to have several suits, and you’re free to borrow one for the evening.”  He casts another glance back at Steve.  Steve is taller by a couple of inches and so wonderfully broad as well, but one of the non-tailored suits should fit.  And if he stretches them out a little, makes the buttons strain… well, Tony can’t imagine complaining.  So it’s a win-win.
At this, Tony frowns.  That’s a weird thing to say about the words that might lead you to your soulmate.  Okay, maybe he has his own issues with them, but this is
So he read on.  Sarah went from questioning her feelings to longing as she seemed to admit to herself how she felt, as Joseph's replies became increasingly dark:
And given the fact that he didn't really remember all that much afterward, it was probably safe to assume that he'd drunk a lot more than that one shot.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, the pain from his recent torture receding as something worse settled in.  "Me," he said quietly. "He was trying to save me."
what happened, and… he just can’t.  If he stays, he’ll find some way to hurt Steve even worse.  “I’m sorry,” he says again, and he forces himself to keep his gaze on Steve even as the other man’s face falls.  “It’s like you said.  There’s a lot between us, and between that and half the people here still pissed at me and everything going on with the company, I can’t stay here.  I have to go.”
Jessica's head shot up, her eyes angry despite the fact that she was still obviously reeling from the realization that everyone in the school had likely turned.  "Are you crazy?" she asked.  "You're only here because of
“Your turn,” Tony said, clapping his hands.  “Hup-hup.”  If he didn’t show any doubt, then Rogers would surely succeed, right?
- and especially not for its voice to sound so similar to the one he'd been using all day.
That wasn't actually what Steve had been going for, but he figured he'd pushed this conversation on for long enough.  "Okay," he said again, and he let it drop.
"What
At first, he wanted to keep researching.  He'd never exactly been short on resources, but MIT had more than he'd imagined, and at the beginning, he spent hours upon hours in the library, trying to find as much as he possibly could on the circumstances of Steve's death.  But no matter how many books he consulted, how many testimonials he read, how many foreign materials he translated, all of them remained frustratingly scarce on details.
But there was so little left now, he thought.  So much had been stripped away, and the few things that still mattered were laid bare.  He had to take this chance.  "Maybe," he continued, "I'm not trying to say anything."  And slowly, cautiously, he leaned forward, pressing his lips to Tony's.
"Sorry," she said.  "I just… saw a chance to touch it, and I couldn't help myself."
"Now?" asked the woman.  "Nothing.  But if things were different, I would have stolen everything his company had and taken it back home."
Tony glanced off to the side.  "I know you have… reservations," he said.  "So I'm not going to ask you to do it for me.  But I want to do it for myself.  I can't let the alternative happen."  His voice became pleading as he looked back at Steve.  "I know you could stop me if you wanted to.  But Steve, this—this is me begging you.  Please.  Let me."
brave and smart, Tony.  You’re just hiding it.”
he read - and oh, right, this must have been in response to Tony asking him why he was trying to get into the army.
Something’s happened, Steve realizes then.  He doesn’t know what, but he’ll be damned if he just lets Tony walk off like this.  So he circles around the deck again until he finds what he’s looking for—a place where he can climb up and over the rail of the top deck.  Once he’s up, he exhales sharply, straightening his jacket and looking around.  Hmm.  It’s unlikely he’ll be allowed to wander around up here alone for long, so the sooner he finds Tony, the better.
Tony woke up the next morning to find a giant sabretooth staring him in the face.
Or worse, Tony thought, remembering some of the stories he'd heard about their experimentation.  "Are you crazy?"
He drifted quietly over to the laptop, sitting down and reaching out to run his hands over the hard surface.  It was, of course, not the same laptop he'd used back in boarding school; that thing was ancient technology by now.  But it was still a laptop, and if Steve had been able to figure out the old one, then…
With the coast relatively clear again, Tony ran back out, following the rope through the smoke and arriving back at the pit. "Rhodey?" he yelled as he got there.  But the rope hung loose, and the pit was empty.  It was then that he realized that everything was suddenly quiet—no more gunfire, no more shouting, only the quiet crackle of fire on leaves—
"Oh," Tony said softly.  He'd known—even if he hadn't heard the details—that Pepper had been troubled after her time in the Pacific, though he also knew that she was sure to go back after this was over.  He wished he'd asked her about it.  "Thanks.  You know, for being there for her.  I'm sure talking to you helped."
"Get away!" Tony shouted, and then he swung the shovel at Bucky, the blade going straight into his skull.  Bucky crumpled to the ground, and Steve could do nothing but watch helplessly as a wave of nausea and dizziness overtook him, sinking onto the floor himself.  "Oh, my God," he heard Tony say over and over as he rushed toward him, fingers scrabbling to get out the gauze and put it over the wound on Steve's neck.  "Steve, what—what the—oh, my
It took a minute, but eventually he was able to gather his wits, looking around.  The first thing he noticed was that he wasn't in a burning airship, but what looked like a small hospital room.  The second thing he noticed was that Cap was sitting beside him, peering at him with almost unbearable concern.  The third thing he noticed was that Cap was holding his hand.
And now here Steve was, half-crouched as Tony's Pa screamed at him for being a layabout, for being soft, for being weak, and Steve was so overcome by a melange of emotions that he didn't know what to do; in the heat of the moment, he could barely even pick them apart to figure out what he was feeling.
It was.  Ty was in bed with him, shirtless but otherwise clothed.  And on top of that, this wasn't Steve's bed. Well, of course it wasn't Steve's bed, because it was blindingly obvious now that he'd woken up as Tony today.  But it wasn't Tony's bed either. Logic told him it was Ty's bed, but what was he doing in Ty's bed in the first place? Why had he woken up here?
