It made Howard wonder, but he was glad that Tony had finally found the happiness he was after; it made Howard glad that Tony could finally smile and laugh without the weight of the world on his shoulder. It made Howard relax when he sees such a loving Alpha treat his son like he was the Alpha's world.
Bruce shiver as he wrote in his notebook, gulping in fear as he wrote what could possibly be his will; his mind going over and over the near-death experience all of his friends suffered because they decided to come between Steve and his love interest, which turned out to be Tony. Now Bruce wasn't one who will get annoying at something and try to sabotage it like how his friends decided to do, Bruce was the kind who will stay quiet and watch when it was going to end and how, see his chances and take the best one to move; with how things are going Bruce was glad that he never made his move, he was so glad that he wasn't an idiot enough to paint a target on his back like how his friends did with their idiotic actions.
Prostitution was out of the way, considering that Anton passed a law that forbade prostitution and rape (And Steven offering his body for the Shield fall under the second option), branding anyone who did these acts as outlawed; forcing those who sold their body to find other jobs that enable them to be safe from being preyed on, and punishing those who prey on the weak. So unless Steven offered to be a slave or a worker to pay the price for the Shield, there is no other way for the Omega to gain his property back. (4)
Tony's eyes could only widen in fear and terror, thinking that the people who dragged Steve outside the closet had found him and Morgan. Tony couldn't hold back a cry of fear as his free hand tried to find something to defend Morgan with. Fear clawed Tony's heart, and his heart skipped a beat when his hand came across a heavy book; Tony doesn't know what he was going to do, he only saw the shadows getting closer and closer, and Tony feared that they were going to drag him to the lake and drown him with Steven Rogers, what are they going to do to his baby when he dies?
Peter is so cute!
Tony had to wait for half an hour a really short time to destroy a criminal organization to say the truth (No one, not even the most experienced agent or superhero can do such a thing, count on Steve though to plant the fear in everyone's heart and destroy them) but for Tony, it was a long, long time. So long that he nearly jumped out of his seat and called Steve's cell phone, demanding his husband back and force him to come back so the two of them can go and hunt the asshole and their organization when they return back home.
"Well, tell your fucking boss to go and fuck himself, because I ain't coming with you." Steve hissed and was about to slam the door shut but was stopped by the Alpha who put his hand on the door to keep it open, which caused Steve to growl at that and hiss at the man. "What the fuck do you want?" Steve snapped hoping that his voice wasn't loud enough to attract the attention of his family and son.
Tony could only chuckle at the cute sight, a happy but tired smile taking over his face as he snuggle into the pillow behind him, and purring when his babies, nuzzled and scent him. "Her name is Morgan…" Tony said loudly when he spotted his family entering the room, smiling amusingly at how disheveled Howard look as he followed after Sarah, looking like he spent the past thirteen hours with Tony through the labor instead of Peter and Harley.
"There is a way to make this right. I know you, Howard, so please, if you have a way to make this right, maybe this is the time. Do you not wish to mend the broken bridges you burned years ago? Howard, where are you going?" snapped Jarvis when he saw his friend turn around walking away from the scene in front of him.
That's all of the important ages you need to know right now, I will add what I see important as the story progress.
What is happening here? Is this real? Is Bucky really innocent all along or is there something fishy going on here?
When everything turn out to be fine, Tony could only let out a relieved sigh, nearly falling on Steve's shoulder like a doll without its strings when the tension left him. When it was time for the ultrasound, Tony held Steve's hand tightly, fearing that if he let go of his husband, this stupidly beautiful dream will disappear and Tony would be once again alone. Seeing his child for the first time, caused tears to finally run down his face, the experience being as magical as it was the first time that Tony experiences it thirteen years ago…
"Well, there should be a shooting star to make such a big ass hole, but the only thing I found was him, and let me tell him he is a crazy bastard who thinks himself as a star, a violent bastard too, so don't get too close." Tony said as he pointed to Steven which made everyone turn their gaze to the man who had kept himself away from everyone's eyes until now.
A scream behind him made him turn to look at Peggy who was looking at the Omega with horror, she was trying to run inside the room, but Natasha was holding her back. "Natalia, take her away!" Snapped Steve making Natasha who was looking at the Omega snap and tries to pull a thrashing Peggy out of the room, Steve sighs at that…
No matter how much the Alpha reassured the Omega he loved him and that he will stay with them every date night the two of them had which so far was only two dates, but the Alpha hoped to change the Omega's mind because the Alpha knows that he could no longer live without his Omega and son, the Alpha was tired of going to the penthouse every day by the end of the day, staring at the empty place hoping that Steve and Peter were there with him to cheer him up.
To think that he will never be able to see his baby grow up, or even hold him in his arms, was a heart retching though, but it was the reality, his baby died, he screamed, and cried, and was so in pain until he died, and it was his fault, it was! If only he searched for his baby earlier, if only he got a grip of himself and refused to believe his father, then he would have found his baby, then his baby would be alive today, here with him, but in the end, Tony was a coward, he was a coward and preferred to hide behind alcohol, he hide behind alcohol and killed his baby…
When the armor pulled his body in a hug, Steve didn't know what to do other than stay still, the sound of something being pulled and then the feeling of Tony's face hiding in his neck, and the fresh scent of him made Steve shake, though he stood still as he felt teardrops wetting his neck, he could only standstill… he always imagine his meeting with Tony after so many years, he imagined screaming at the man for being a shitty father, for being a liar of an Alpha who left Steve after promising to never leave his side, he imagine punching the man hard on the face hoping to break a tooth or more, for killing Bucky, for making his baby cry when his child did nothing but look up to him, and loving him even when he didn't know him that well… but Steve couldn't see himself doing any of this, he could feel nothing but emptiness, he just shivers and leans on the armor, letting Tony cry on his shoulder even when he has no right, because where was he when Steve needed a shoulder to cry on?
… was the mantra that repeated inside Steve's head, but Peter's happy laughter made the Omega let out a huff after all this was for Peter, not him.
"Don't know, woke up and saw you here," Steve stated before leaning in his seat to look at Tony with wide eyes full of wonder. "Are you my husband?" Steve asked causing Tony to shriek out a 'What?' only to curse and shush Morgan who whine at his loud sound. "I mean you live in the Rogers family home; a house that my grand-grand-grandfather builds, a house that my family owned for generations and refuse to give up. So it only meant one thing; you married one of Rogers's family members and I am the only Rogers after my parents and Nana," Steve stated giving a proud smile at the words he said, like the reasoning he gave has no wrong.
Steve scowled at the mention of Tony, he won’t even blame Bucky for mentioning the man who once again disappeared into thin air; Steve did tell Tony from the start, if he can’t handle Steve’s life, then he is more than welcome to leave, at least it was nice of him to make Peter’s wish of meeting Iron Man come true. “I don’t know, I don’t care, if you see him though, tell him that the next time I see him, I’m going to kill him.” Steve stated darkly as he reached his and Peter’s room, ignoring how Bucky narrows his eyes.
The superstitions of Medieval times hit badly on twins. So logically, giving birth to twins, was evidence of adultery. Either the mother lets one of the babies disappears, or gets punished for having sex with another man out of wedlock. The twins were also considered a bad omen, mainly the issue of who will be the heir and the head of the family. That's why Steve lost James's twin; if you reread through the last sentence of Steve losing his child once more, you will notice that he died by burning. Steve having twins was also a tightly kept secret that no one but a few knows about. Also the reason that Steve blame Tony for the twin's death, was because the Johann didn't care about the twin until he lost the battle to Tony!
It was a few seconds later before Steven left, which caused Tony to let out a shaky breath before he finally stood up on his legs that didn't seem to want to cooperate. After taking a calming breath, he went out of his workshop planning to follow Steven and explained everything to him calmly hoping that the man won't go batshit crazy.
And Tony agreed that he couldn't keep the baby, he couldn't take care of himself half of the time! He doesn't need a baby in the mix. His work was dangerous; inventing weapons for SI was no small fate, he had to beg his father for days hoping the older man will see that Tony had grown up, that he wasn't a child anymore, that he could be as good as his father, that his graduation of MIT at the age of sixteen meant something. His father didn't want him to work at first, fearing something would happen in the labs and Tony would get hurt, as much as it made a lump sticking in his throat just by thinking of it, Obadiah Stane was the one who convince his father that it was OK for Tony to work with them.
"Well, Peter, I brought you a present, after all this is… this is Papa's first time meeting his small hero." Steve said making Peter's jaw fall a little as he pointing to himself.
"I… Steve… who is Tony?" Peggy asked, face confused and voice unsure, her words causing Steve to let out a choked sound, wondering if Peggy even knew about the man he was talking about. "Dear, what are you talking about? Who is Tony?" Peggy repeated her question slowly, gazing at Steve with protective stand and concern look, causing Steve to crack and tell her everything that happened since the last time he saw her, getting in her car with her pregnant mate as the two of them went to the doctor appointment, never managing to reach the doctor because of the car that crash into them, killing the two of them instantly.
The doctor threw a nervous look toward Steve, but a threatening growl from Howard made him sigh. "T-the Omega shows side effects due to starvation, and physical abuse, he is greatly malnutrition and dehydrated, so we put him on IV and we are going to start the liquid diet as soon as he wakes up. While we were examining him farther we discovered that he was bradycardic we were thankful that no cardiac arrest occurs, we found a few fractured bones, and the rest you will find in this fil-" The file was snatch from him by a frantic Howard who read through the file, Maria let out sobs as she read the file with Howard.
Before Natasha started to ridicule Tony further, the little baby turn toward her and raise his hands; the next few seconds were the most amazing and funny seconds of his life, especially, when the chaos started. The baby, to Tony's surprise, shot something like a spider web from his arms at Natasha's face, causing the woman to shriek like hell as the substance covered her whole face without Natasha being able to remove them no matter how much she tugged. It took a few more seconds for what happened to register in Tony's mind, and when it did, the genius couldn't help but laugh and laugh until his breath left him, the sight in front of him was priceless!
"Steve… what are you saying? Steve, let's go back home… S-Steve?" Tony whispered in a confused and horrified tone, extending his arm toward Steve as if trying to reach him, and Steve couldn't help but raise his hand to Tony, gazing at his arm in fascination when it disintegrates before him, turning into stardust at the slightest breeze…
"Nah, it's OK. Now I'm free of the stone's control I want to go out and explore Midgard. I can say that the twenty-first century is one of the most interested ones I witness and I want to see all it offers, so take your time." Steve waved the prince off, gaining a small smile from the huge blond.
"So, are you ready to talk…?" Steve said waiting for Stane to say something when there was nothing but a silence Steve smiled happily making Stane's blood run cold at the dark and happy smile. "You know, there are a lot of prisons that would love to have a fresh face like you… your
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, horror elements, violence, character death, and poor, poor Tony! All reviews are appreciated.
I'm evil!
"He destroyed my mansion!" Tony screamed anger coloring his voice as rage nearly blinded him; at his admission, Steve's head shoot out looking at the destroyed mansion with a blank look, narrowing his eyes as he seemed to engrave the man's face into his mind.
Tony hates this; he hates having to deal with James, just as much as James hates dealing with all of the Stark family. But they were brothers, and being brothers meaning that they won't abandon each other, even if it meant that the only way for them to be civil with each other is if there was someone else with them in the room even if it was for a second. "Buck-" Tony tried to say through his gritted teeth, which only gained a growl from his younger brother.
"Ah, I think you forget the person who lay in that bed was nothing but a liar, who even on his deathbed did nothing but ask for money, didn't they?" Howard stated, irritation coloring his voice causing Jarvis to hum thoughtfully like he was in deep thought, it was a minute or so before Jarvis shrugged his shoulders, not caring about the subject he opened.
Jarvis looked at Steve with a tired smile. "The next room, it's attached to this one," Jarvis said pointing to the door behind him, which made Steve sighs in relief. "So what's about the pup imprinting on you? And you turn out to be Tony's, fated mate?" Jarvis asked, making Steve sigh at that.
"He became a fallen star…" The grin on the Mad Titan's face widens even more if that was possible, causing Nebula's breath to hitch; when the meaning of Thanos' words finally hit her, Nebula's eyes widen uncontrollably. "For the first time in years, you have done an amazing job, Nebula, I'm proud of you." Thanos said in a soft voice, his big hand came for Nebula's head, petting her like she was nothing but a domestic animal. "Go and prepare my army, we are going to Asgard to bring the gift that my Bride deserves, after that, we are bringing my bride home." The titan laughed loudly, causing Nebula to shiver as she stood up, nodding to her father before rushing away from Thanos when he let her go; desperately Nebula tried to run away from the laughter that echoes all around the place, suffocating her and causing her worse fear to come true.
It was when it turned midnight and the Alpha didn't show that Tony start worrying, after all, by this time all four of them, Steve, Tony, Peter, and Goose, would have been already in deep sleep in their places, enjoying a full night of uninterrupted sleep, but the Alpha didn't show, even when the clock ticked away until it was midnight, and Tony was worried, he was so worried about why the Alpha wasn't here, and why he didn't even call him to inform him that he will stay away for a little longer.
"Mommy, can Mr. Stark come over sometimes?" Peter asked Steve, making the Omega freeze in his place where he was washing the dishes. It had been three hours since Stark left the house after giving Steve the surprising news after nearly causing his death from asthma's attack, he was still angry at Stark, for getting him fired from his jobs, but as much as he hates to say that, but the Alpha had a good point, what he was doing was not healthy neither for Steve or his pup. But that didn't matter really and not his conversation with Tony after, what made Steve freeze in his place was Peter asking about Stark, it made Steve concern that the pup knew something or suspect that the Alpha was his father.
Steven continued to glare at the king, hoping that he will burn with the power of his harsh look, but the king was uncaring, he just dragged Steven like he was a lamb lead for slaughter when the boats came in sight, Steven's eyes widen a little at the sight of them, it has been years upon years since he last saw a boat made by his people's hands, and it brought longing, an emotion he felt for more than a decade now.
"I don't know, I don't think I can get out, sorry…?" Bucky nervously said, and Steve saw how his hands clenched the shirt in his hands, and as much as Steve was going to hate himself for what he was going to do next, he can't let the Alpha stay any more minute inside the house, any hour now and poor Bucky will turn into a ghost!
It took time before the four of them finally got comfortable in their own home without the shadows of Peggy Carter dominating their minds. Tony making sure not only to redecorate the house from top to bottom, replacing the broken picture frames, the china, and even the furniture; but also updating their security and J.A.R.V.I.S. giving the A.I. and the house another power source to function on, a power source that no can temper with, no matter how smart they think they are… the Arc-Reactor.
Tony took the mission of washing the dishes, taking in the chance to ask the question that was burning in his mind since the start, considering that Peter was already in the living room watching TV and Steve sitting in his chair sipping tea, this was his only chance. "I read your comic… the Spider-Man one…" Tony started, and he could feel Steve's eyes on the back of his head, which made him swallow at that.
' Tony shivered as he remembered the question Steven Rogers asked him, part of Tony wondered if it was related to why Rogers was still waiting in the lake even after years and years passed…
Tony pursed his lips when the phone rang and rang and the only thing he was greeted by was the sound of the voice mail, but maybe that was better because Tony doesn’t even know what he would have said if he talked with Howard right now. “Hey, Dad… it’s me, Tony. I… I called to ask how you are, I know it had been two years but I… I wish we… I wanted to say I’m sorry.” Tony ended up saying, trying to stop his sniffing, taking a deep breath before returning to the phone once again. “New York is great; I’m doing good and I… I wanted you to know that I have met someone, his name is Steve… we are engaged, we are having the engagement party next week in our house, and I will really love if you could came…” Tony tried to stop his sob, talking with Howard even after two years of nothing still hurt, not only because he doesn’t know what to say and that there are so many things he wanted to say at once, but also because Tony left with nothing but the reminder that he was the one who shut his father down over and over again when the older man wanted nothing but to make things right. “I really missed you Dad, I know we had so many issues in the past but that we were able to overcome them in the end, I know it will take us a lot of time before we can go back to how we were before this time, but… can we try again, please? I don’t want to spent all of my life hating you for something that wasn’t your fault, I know I was angry and irrational, Steve helped me understand that; he is a good man Dad, I’m sure you two will get along when you meet…” Tony let out a tired laugh, wiping the tears that he didn’t notice until his hand made connect with them. “I hope I will see you this weekend, I miss you Dad, goodbye.” Tony hanged the phone, too tired to say anything else, already knowing that he shoved his foot in his mouth, and for a second Tony wondered if he was too late…
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness (The last part of the chapter is pretty dark so…), horror elements, creepiness, torture (Mentioned); fluff, Steve is so in love and kissing! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Going inside, he stopped near the living room when he heard some grumbling from the living room, which caused him to go inside and see that the grumbling was coming from Bucky, who was sitting on the ground sewing what seems to be a shirt. "Bucky?" Steve questioned which made the Alpha snap his head toward him, looking like a dear caught in a headlight, Steve caught the scared look on Bucky's face, making him feel like his heart was about to break.
Bruce presses his lips into a thin line trying to think of something. "Steve, I can't tell you what to do and what not to do, that's your thing, but tell me honestly, do you see yourself with the Omega and his pup in the distant future?" The Beta asked gently making Steve pause at that. "If you can answer that question than you know the answer to your question, as for you not being able to take care of the Omega… have you seen yourself when you volunteer in the clinic or in the hospital, people adore you, especially children, you are a good man Steve, don't let your doubts ruin that for you." Bruce's words made a smile take over Steve's face and he looked at the Beta.
"So… I have surprising news… and unexpected news…" Tony said while he fidgets a little which made Steve pause when he raised his teacup and turn to the Alpha, putting the cup down in a show that informed Tony to continue, making Tony clear his throat. "So the surprise is that I talked with James an hour ago, and he told me that he is coming today, probably at noon…" Tony said while looking at Steve with nervousness and the Omega was so grateful that he put his teacup down or he would have ended up choking on the tea, but then Tony's face turned guilty and Steve had to close his eyes waiting for the 'Unexpected' news. "You see, Howard is coming to the office today with a very important business partner… I may not be able to come home until eight… probably ten…" Tony mumbled his words making the Omega groan at that and start massaging his forehead.
"Oh my! Look at my baby, already working to save his husband's reputation!" Serpentine cooed as she appeared in front of them, giggling as Steve publically tormented Hammer on national TV, the site behind Hammer was full of people screaming bloody murder and running around the place like headless chickens, trying to stay far away from Hammer and Steve who seemed bent on killing the idiot who decided to insult Tony; though there were those brave souls who took it as their chance and start asking Hammer question after question ordering the man to answer them… which he did, if he didn't want Steve to cut his fingers off.
19-Hann… hann er skrímsli. -He… he is a monster.
It ended with Tony sitting on the sofa, the TV was on, but Tony wasn't focusing on it, for him, it was just background noise, he was thinking deeply while biting his thumbnail, a habit that Tony thought he got rid of, but it seems that he was wrong, a scenario after a scenario entered his mind, and all of them left him shaking, doubtful, because every time he analyzed his surrounding, he became more and more certain that he was an idiot because how blind was he?
The sound of something firing before falling made Steve jump and look in front of him only for his jaw to fall, he couldn't believe his eyes… because there stood Iron Man standing up from his kneeling position turning his helmet cover head to Steve. Steve could do nothing but look in a daze at the armored man as he took a step after step toward him until he was standing in front of him towering him completely, which made Steve stand up looking at the armor with dazed look.
Steve paused, and Tony's hoped were about to dash when a long time pass and the Omega didn't say any word to him, Tony lowered his head tears gathering in his eyes at the silence that greeted him, and he tried to take a deep breath and paste a careless smile on his face, trying to show the Omega that it was fine, that it didn't hurt much to be at the end of this killer rejection. "I was thinking about telling Peter the truth this Christmas…" Steve finally said after a long time of silence, his words made Tony's heart nearly jump out of his chest at these words. "Peter deserves to know about you… I can admit that it was petty of me to lie to Peter about his parentage and continue to lie even when you returned and told me your intention to stay… I think that this will be Peter's favorite Christmas… his father is finally returning home." Tony couldn't contain the happiness in his chest as he rushed toward the Omega and pulled him in his arms, kissing him breathless.
Sorry for the late update and short chapter but I'm sick these days… damn allergies!
"Mr. Stane, so nice of you to join us… let the torture begin!" Steve chirped happily, not even giving Stane the benefit of a long villainous monologue that Steve seemed to prefer when dealing with unpleasant garbage; Steve just gave a sharp smile that has razor-sharp teeth in it (Since when did Steve have any fangs?) and raise what looked like a knife with rusted blood.
But Steve wasn't thinking about that at all, not at all, because today was a really important day for him! Today he was having an appointment with Dr. Cho, the obstetrician that Bruce recommended to him. Steve can admit that he was excited, for there was the possibility of him doing an ultrasound and seeing his baby! Just thinking about seeing his little pup was making Steve gooey on the inside.
"I am married; I have a husband a child!" Steve snapped, his heart pounding in his chest when his phone vibrated in his hand, informing him that Bucky was calling him, which made Steve's heart flutter happily that Bucky was finally here, that he was finally saving him.
The mattress is still propped up against the wall of the bedroom wrapped in plastic. But Tony didn't care about that he just pushed it to the floor and curls up in the middle, the plastic crackling every time he moves, but Tony didn't care about that as it gave him a little security…
"Yes, Tony, heat." Dr. Banner smiled at the delight gleaming in his eyes at the wide eyes Tony was sporting. "It's your body's way of telling you that it's recovering and that you made such development in the past two years; now that you are healthy your body is working to make up for the lost time. The tests you submit telling me that you have two to three weeks to go in heat, you should spend that time carefully, consult with your parents and Steve, prepare for the heat, if you wish to spend it alone or with a partner, I'm expecting you next week for you to inform me about your choice so that we can choose the right actions to proceed." The Beta explained and Tony nodded his head, unconscious that he carried out any movement other than gazing at the doctor in disbelieves. What took place later was nothing but a blur, as Tony doesn't even notice how he took off the doctor's office, he only regains himself when he was inside of his car in the parking lot, staring at the wheel with wide disbelieving eyes…
"Watch your mouth!" Snarled Steve loudly, causing the woman to shut up and for Tony to flinch, especially at the anger he felt dripping out of his husband's words. "This is my husband you are talking about, and if you dared to bad-mouth him again, you would see something you won't like…" Steve growled, the warning clear in his tune, causing Carter to frown but bite the inside of her cheek last she said something rash. "You are not my wife, Carter, you stopped being my wife when you tried to hurt our son; I have no obligation to you, the same could be said for our son. You have no right being here, especially without your sister as an escort, or did you forget about the court's orders?" Steve stated, his words causing the woman to huff and turn her head to the side seemingly lost in thoughts.
Howard looked like he swallowed a lemon when he saw him, after a long time of staring in Steve’s opinion, the man let out a sigh, narrowing his eyes at Steve and standing tall. “I came to know what did you do, that my son is ready to go into a war for you, ready to abandon his family, just to stay with you, what makes you so special?” Howard asked, and as much as Steve wanted to snap at the man that if he just paid attention to Tony he will know the answer, the genuine curiosity in the older Alpha’s eyes made Steve bite his tongue; curse his soft heart that can’t stand hating someone, even someone as Howard.
That was Steve's last thought before darkness took hold of him.
"No, don't say that I'm sure Peter will get better." Tony said biting his lower lip in deep thought. "The clinic I go to, it's a good one, really good." Tony said which made Steve raise his head to look at the Omega. "I always go to them on Saturday and Sunday, if you want, you and Peter can come with me…" Tony ended up saying which made Steve press his lips tightly.
"The Burn!" Tony called out as he starts laughing like no tomorrow while shooting two bots avoiding the other three that turned to him and rushed to attack, but Tony grin happily when a Shield sale through the air and hit the three bots, ripping their heads off of their bodies. "Hello, gorgeous." Tony said as his eyes fell on Steve, which caused the Alpha to give a smile in return and throw his Shield at another bot that was coming to him.
I sat with myself and considered writing a few more chapters to the story, but was like Nah, that will ruin it, and it did end on a good note here, so I was going to end it when it was like in a good place to end.
Two other weeks passed before Steven recovered completely, though, he may have recovered in his body, but his mind starts to get annoyed with the many 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde' comments that all the Avengers took it on themselves to shower him with thanks to one Tony Stark. On the plus side, Steven only smiles and roll his eyes, on the not so plus side, he spent his time glaring at Rogers who was avoiding both Peggy and Steven, spending all of his days in his room with Bucky Barnes.
' Tony couldn't help but smile every time he remembered that day. Steve was the one who talked with Sarah, and when Tony saw his husband that night, the tired look on his Alpha's face told Tony how Steve gets chewed and spite out by Sarah for having a 'Hero-complex' and dragging his family down like that; it took a few months for Sarah to calm down and listen to Steve and Tony's reasoning of why they wanted to adopt Harley. The rest of their friends followed later, finally deciding to accept Steve and Tony's decision, even if it somehow seemed a little on the rushed side if you asked any of them.
"Oh, Peter!" Steve choked as his legs finally lost the strength they had and Steve found himself on the ground shaking, with Peter in his lap. "Oh my stars, I nearly let her take you, I nearly let her take you…" Steve choked, tears falling down his face as he took in Peter; the small boy was shaking like a leaf. "We are leaving, come, we are going." Steve started shakily as he tried to stand up on his uncooperative legs.
Everyone! As you all know I had participated in a spooky dark challenge that will take a place this month!
…" Peter sighed, the next few minutes was so quiet that Steve's hope of them staying with him was over, the two Stark probably left him alone to sleep, unaware that he was still very much awake in mind, but not in body, which hurt a little.
15-Kveðja?" -Yours?
"Oh, show them to me." Steven said as he stood up, following his son when the young Alpha pulled him toward the desk full of books and papers. Steven's face darken, as his eyes fell on the book his son pointed at and he pulled him as far away from that book, he will not make his son read this monstrosity, he refused for his son to learn about Hydra's retched history. "Good thing I am here now, darling come, I will teach you about something very important today." Steven said as he pulled his child toward the small rounded table, surrounded by two chairs.
Howard though could only gaze at the sight in front of him; he could only watch as the family in front of him smiled and laughed and joked with each other, their grins refusing to leave their faces. A part of Howard felt a little jealousy at the sight in front of him, he was so jealous that, he has wasted his chance in having this, having the family he always loved and cared about because he followed the empty promises of Stane. The larger part of Howard on the other hand was feeling love, pride, and happiness that his son finally had the family he deserves, with a loving Alpha that made it his mission to paint the smile on Tony's face, the lovely child who gave his affection readily; this was Howard's only wish for years, for Tony to find his happiness. It seemed that his boy did find it in the end, even when the road started with heartache and bad decisions.
Poor Harley I just wanted to give him a tight hug.
Tony's breath hitched when Steve moved; the star leaned down causing Tony's eyes to flutter. The kiss Steve pressed against his cheek was softer than a butterfly's touch and just as fleeting. It lights a spark in Tony's belly, one that demands him to turn his face and capture Steve's lips with his own; Steve pulled back, letting a soft laugh at the dumb look Tony was no doubt sporting.
." Steve babbled as he took shaky breathes, trying to calm himself down before his heart stopped from how panic and stressed Steve was, Steve needed to calm down before something happened to his daughter, stress was not good for his baby. In the back, Steve couldn't help but catch a sound that made the hair on the back of his neck stand on its ends; it sounded closely like…
"Dummy… that is the name of the foul creature…" Steven questioned his face freezing into something between a grimace and a horror. "The poor thing, could not even get a respectable name, still bad at naming I see." Steven hissed at the brunette pushing him harshly making Tony stumble before going to the claw-like machine, which made that thing peep in alarm. "I am truly sorry for what I have done, I did not realize that you poor thing was enslaved by him." Steven said as he patted the machine, which made it give out a confused peep.
"Mr. Rogers, you may want to sit down because what I am going to tell you may seem shocking at first." The man said which made Steve look at the man in confusion but he ends up sitting on one of the chairs in the living room looking at the man who put his briefcase on the table and opened it getting a few papers. "A few days ago Mr. Erskine died in an unfortunate accident, and as an old friend I am bond to do his will, and the old doctor had mentioned you in it." The lawyer said getting a confused look from the Omega.
"Wait! Please let me explain!" Tony gasped gripping Steve's hand, the only thing that followed was the feeling of pain blossoming on his right cheek, and he let go of Steve hand going slowly to touch the stinging he felt, though this was nothing compared to the look Steve was throwing him because Steve was crying, he was crying and it was clearly Tony's fault.
Slowly, Steven walked toward the door, cursing his body for being too weak, cursing it and ordering it to walk faster, to move as Steven used to before losing another pup and making his body weak. Reaching the door, Steven all but throws the door open, nearly jumping when it slammed against the wall.
At least Morgan is OK!
"…Mr. Stark…" Harley said slowly, shifting in his stand, eyes darting from side to side which informed Tony that his worse fear was true; Harley has run away. Looking at the dirty clothes he was wearing and the muddy shoes did nothing but confirm Tony's thoughts, no kid in the clinic or the orphanage wore old clothes like this, not when Tony made monthly donations and fundraising to support the clinic.
Steve sat on his chair looking around the place; his heart was pounding in his chest as he waited for his name to be called out. Steve turned his sight to his phone, feeling a little nervous as he raised the phone once again and press the call button; hearing the voice mail made Steve frown, a scowl nearly takes over his face, he can't believe it!
It seems that Rogers was kind enough to bring his daughter from the locked-up room; Tony was stumped about how Rogers managed to get inside, especially when the room was locked up tightly. Turning his gaze to the clock on the coffee table, Tony blink his eyes when he saw that it was 11 P.M. which meant that Tony slept the day away, something that would have made Tony frown, but after today's events, he was more grateful for staying in bed.
So Steve sat beside the Omega pulling him in his arms once more, waiting for the Omega to cry himself to sleep, and when the Omega passed out, Steve carried the young man their bed, letting him sleep while holding into the blanky with all of his strength, Steve's eyes becoming sad when they felt on the letters sewn into the blanky…
Steven shuffled on his feet for a few minutes before sighing and turning his gaze to Tony, who was still gazing at Steven with wonder, thinking that he was going crazy for imagining Steven apologizing to him. "Peter told me about you… and I admit I must have misjudged you." Steven started, and Tony wonders how much the star was suffering to push these words out of his mouth.
"Losing my mind?" Tony grunt out, now any other time Tony wouldn't have cared about what anyone would have thought of him, but he was tired, he was scared, and he was on his last nerve, the last thing that Tony needed was Steve trying to play the hero and make him see 'Reason'; the fate of the world depending on defeating Thanos. Every time Tony close his eyes he could only see his family's corpses lying broken on the floor as Thanos tortured Steve over and over until he killed him, and Tony, Tony can't let that happen. "No, I am not losing my mind, I see what you cannot see, I see reason; I see a suit of armor around the world." Tony snapped as he stood up, glaring at Steve and hating how Steve was taller than him like he was looking down on Tony daring him to prove himself, and Tony, Tony doesn't need that now not when everyone was depending on him.
But as always screaming at Rogers meant that he got screamed at by Bucky. He seemed to take it as his place to protect Rogers from him, the man even did a slid show about how Tony was too harsh on Rogers, and that he was holding Steve back from recovering, which made Tony growl at the team and curse Barnes seven ways to hell. If the man was too blind to see how Rogers was, then Tony wouldn't care when Bucky's head get chopped up when Rogers used him a voodoo sacrifice!
"I do…" The Omega said throwing the Alpha a glance before he returned his eyes forward. "A village in the far northern mountains… and from the look of it, you are one of them." The Omega said unaware of the Alpha's widening eyes and rushed breath. "Do you know what happened to a place called Brookland?" The Omega asked.
"Because, if Howard saw that we took a flight from Georgia to New York, he will know that Tony is somewhere around this state, and then it will only be a matter of time before the bastard learns about this town, so shut up and eat your eggs, God, you will think that being an officer in the army meant that you have more brain than a normal private." Pepper rolled her eyes as she took small bites, raising her head like a queen as she glared at Rhodey.
The first time he flew in it, his breath left him, joy took over him as he laughed and hooted and fly more, and then he saw it once more; his lucky star. He remembered his breath leaving him, and an insane idea came to him, and before he was able to stop himself, he was flying toward the star, maybe in the foolish hope of him being able to catch it, he will never know, but he knew one thing, and that was he needed to reach his star, he needed to have it by his side… and then the armor froze and he was fallen.
"Is that so?" Was the queen's amused response, leaving Anton grumbling in his place as he gazed at the forest, ignoring the splashes coming from the lake as the queen seemed to be moving. "It still did not stop you from peeping." The laughter was clear in the Omega's voice, causing Anton to hold into his growl, not wanting to show the Omega how truly embarrassed he was at being laughed at.
The mug that was full of tea was in one of his hands, warming it from the biting cold that made it shake, the other hand his right caress his belly, refusing to find another perch, afraid that his baby will vanish if he moved it away; Tony was still not believing what happened early this morning, his mind couldn't wrap around what happened, he was sick of the dark fate that waited for him, how Ty would have taken him against his will and would end up killing him, which made Tony desperately hold himself tight, afraid of getting sick; in the back of his mind he wondered who saved him, if it was the monster that punished everyone who bullied another.
"There you are." Steve breathed as he pulled his Omega to his chest, causing Tony to lean on him before turning in his arms and hide his face in the Alpha's chest, taking in a big breath only to calm down when Steve start scenting him as much as Tony hated being thought of as a stereotypical Omega who could only calm himself at the presence of his Alpha, these past few days were hell on him, and the only person who was able to calm him down enough was the blond Alpha, who was supportive and loving this whole time, and Tony was so grateful for him because he didn't even know what he would do if he didn't have Steve beside him.
A week later, Steve finally returned to Shield, Howard and Peggy stayed with Tony not ready to go back, but Steve knows that if he didn't step up and took care of Shield, the place will practically go into war, though he has to admit Fury and the rest of Peggy's spies did a quite good job managing the place.
Steve looked at Asgard from the balcony, hands clenched tightly into fists, mainly to stop himself from going back to Rogers and punch him in the face, but the man was skilled he could feel it even if he didn't see it. Steve… he can't believe that he saw Bucky, his beautiful and amazing Omega, the love of his life, his end of the line, his everything… Bucky was alive, Bucky was alive in Rogers' universe, he was alive and beautiful as always, his long hair and beard only made him more beautiful, more charming, and enchanting… he was alive, and he was married with kids and grandkids, while Steve's Bucky was dead for over seventy years.
Sorry for the late chapter…
Tony could only let out a tired sigh, trying to dodge Steve's grapy hands as they tried to pull Tony into a hug; Tony couldn't help but gaze at the ruined sandwich with sadness and pain, this was the 482832nd time that Steve and Serpentine ruined a very good sandwich for him just because they decided to open their mouth and ruin his day with unexpected shit the two of them came up with. "But I can't marry, Steve, next week! I have to go on a business trip to Italy." Tony whined as he gazed at Serpentine with a pout, ignoring how Bucky gasped like he was a dying whale at how Tony dared to oppose the ghost in front of him (Tony was too tired to deal with the Addams anymore, they want him, they have to deal with his brattiness!) on another note, Tony was going to order Pepper to send him to Italy somewhere around the next few days, even if it meant he had to go for work, the crazy Addams don't need to know that he lied to gain a few days of peace.
The second one 'Stardust' and yes, it's inspired by the movie stardust, with a star Steve! A lot of hurt/comfort before our boys finally get a grip on themselves.
"You are late…" Steve stated as he shifted from foot to foot, causing Tony's face to fall, but Steve didn't care about that, not when Tony already ruined this special day for them, not when he refused to even come with him since the start of the pregnancy; Tony has to hear what Steve was going to say, even when it hurt to think about it. "You said you took a vacation and that the two of us will spend more time together… you lied Tony, you lied to me… you know I was excited about today, God knows that even Bucky get bored of hearing me harp about this day for weeks; the last thing you could have done was dropping me here if you didn't want to show up, not leaving me alone wondering when are you coming home…" Steve whispered, being grateful that Bucky moved away from the two to give them a little bit of privacy.
Reaching what looked like a normal door, Serpentine tried to not scrunch her nose at the smell, she could only thank her stars that she was dead; she doesn't want to know what the smell is like to a living person. From the coughing and hacking coming from Bucky-doll and the spider, she has an idea how bad it was, and that was… Awesome! She was so going to cook her rat poison stew for Stevie as a well-done present!
"Oh, Tony…" Maria's voice cracked as the realization hit her, which made everyone turn to the Omega that starts sobbing once more, Howard held his mate as she turns toward him
And lastly, there was Steve… Steve who seems like he didn't age a day over 46, other than the few laughing lines and the few white hairs here and there, he was still as young and strong as the day they got him out of the ice. He saw lots of ups and downs in his life, but it seems that the five years after the snap changed everything, instead of quitting heroism like Tony or Thor, Steve and the rest of what's left of the Avengers were active within the community, which caused them to become celebrities and figures of safety and stability in the fragile world, everything changed after the final battle. And after that day Steve found Tony on his doorsteps, things changed between the two of them, they tried to tie the snapped threads of their fragile relationship, they end up getting out with something beautiful instead, after a long and hard path, the two of them ends up getting married in 2028 and they had been married for over twenty years, Steve was never thankful for the Arc-Reactor as he was now because it gave him a little more time with his loved one who was now reaching the age of ninety-five.
The day that Tony finally held the keys in his arms he felt like the world has righted itself for the first time, gazing at the place with hope blooming in his heart. "Oh, before I leave you to destroy the house again." Bucky snark which made the teen growl at him, but did nothing but buffs his cheeks, not wanting to start a fight on this memorable day because the older man can't keep his snark to himself, though the serious expression on the man's face made Tony tense, already thinking the worse, the man seemed to sense his uneasiness as he smiled at Tony trying to calm him down. "Just a piece of an advice kid… treat the lake with respect." The man said before ruffling Tony's hair, leaving him confused on the front porch of his house as he gazed at the man who was walking away. Treat the lake with respect? That was the strangest thing he heard in his life, though Tony couldn't help but throw one last look to the lake, feeling like someone was watching him, only to see nothing but water going on and one, making the teen shiver and rushed inside of his house.
"Everything will turn out alright, sweetheart." Steve whispered as he kissed the Omega's tear-stained cheek, lowering himself to hold the Omega bridal style which only made Tony hold into Steve tightly, wishing that the Alpha would take him away from here. It was only a few seconds later that tiredness washed over the Omega's body and he couldn't keep his eyes open anymore…
Steve's jaw dropped, and disbelieve colored his eyes as he gazed at Tony. "Are you out of your mind?" Steve whispered, causing Tony to back away a little, what James did that Steve, docile and loving Steve, talked back to him? "You blame your own brother for your shortcoming? What the hell happened to you?" Steve's voice cracked, taking a step back when Tony reached out to touch his arm. "This is not you Tony, this is not you! Ever since you start taking extra hours at SI you changed, it's your father, isn't it? He stuffed your mind with his ideals again, is that it?" Steve asked, his eyes pleading with Tony, silently ordering him to explain himself.
Grandma Addams huffed, causing Steve to wince, and for the rest of his family to give an annoying sigh at the older ghost statement, Grandma Addams was still a traditionalist at heart, hating every normal because they will never and could never understand the true Addams way, she was still angry at his mother for changing her name into a more normal name and marrying one of them; she was even angry that his Ma gave him a normal name.
"Steven you acted like Pepper was a villain, she isn't, she is my friend, so don't worry!" Tony laugh it off as if trying to lighten the mood, though his smile fell from his face when Steven's face didn't change, it was the same emotionless face with rage burning under the surface, which made Tony look at Pepper and then Rhodey with worry that was clear on his face.
Phillips watches him as he reached into the back pocket of his jeans and pulls out his wallet, which made Tony fidget but held the man's gaze, making the older man's lips twitch up at that like he wanted to smile but wouldn't. "What's your name, son?" The man asked which made Tony blink up at him, hesitating a little before giving the man a small smile in return.
We managed to saw Steve at least!!
"You made them for him using your Shield, and I'm part of him… I really want my ring back Steven." Tony stated with a happy smile. Four months later the two of them get married, and not surprisingly, a year later they had a baby together. At first, Steven was unhappy with the name that Tony chooses which was surprising 'Morgan'. "Don't you think it's only fair to give someone a second chance?" after hearing Tony says these words to him, Steven finally agreed to the name.
Soft and warm, that's what Tony felt, the gentle hand running through his hair, the warmth of the blanket surrounding him, the scent of health; soft, warm, and safe. Feelings that Tony didn't feel or scent for years upon years; part of Tony was happy, proud, dozy with such a healthy and content scent, making Tony's chest rumble, pleasure making his fingers and toes curls.
"Get the hell out of here Barnes!" Fury snapped as a vine popped on his forehead and his eyes turned murderous…
Jarvis… he was an interested person. A man who saw everything, losing everything, that every time Steve's eyes fell on him, he could only see a soldier who was at his last wit. Jarvis always limps, Steve sees it, even when no one wants to comments on it, he sees how Jarvis tries to hold himself off of his left leg as much as he can, how when he passed a certain hall in the house, he would step on his left leg hard… as if he was punishing himself for something. Jarvis was always kind to him, always looking after him like he had to do it to keep his sanity… sometimes Steve felt Jarvis eyes on him, questioning him, pleading with him… blaming him… and always asking… "
Tony's heart start beating fast at that happiness taking over him that the Alpha considered his word and accepted that Peter needed help, any other Alpha would have snapped at Tony for middling but it seems that Steve Rogers was not any other Alpha. That thought made a smile taking over his face as his gaze returned to the phone
I promise the date will be the next chapter though!
The sound of his door getting knocked on made Tony blink his eyes, a pout forming on his lips at the thought of leaving his warm blanket to answer who it was. The knocking on his door continued, which made Tony groan in annoyance and stand up, wrapping the blanket around him as he shuffled toward the door, still sleepy from his nap.
So after Peggy got him out of his 'lovely' room in Shield's HQ, he was then led to the mansion with the rest of the team, Thor still goes on and on about how Steven should go with him to Asgard to meet the AllFather. Steve was still pulling him around trying to show him who is the Alpha so he will spill everything he knows about Hydra (Which was not working, it was only making Steven irritated) Peggy was still looking at him with her 'I finally knew something that's important about you and you won't like it.' look. the rest of the team was hounding Steven for more information to be able to infiltrate Hydra (Clint and Natasha) thankfully Tony didn't bother him that much too interested in finding some new ways to be able to destroy Hydra from the inside out, Bruce God bless him, decided to be the peacemaker and make some tea for the group which Steven was grateful for.
The sound of the cellar's door opening made Steven tense as he held his son tightly, he saw Margaret and the rest of his friends back away from the bars, and Steven did too, cooing to James so he will be able to calm the small pup down, Steven's eyes though, they never left the cell's door, waiting to see who came here. The sound of footsteps walking the step of the stairs made Steven roll his eyes as much as it gritted on his nerves, the Omega glared harshly when he finally saw the person who walked down the stairs, it was the same Alpha woman with the red hair that nearly chopped Johann's head… it was a pity she didn't, now he wouldn't see the son of whore dying in front of him.
Maria looked at the house in front of her with a blank face; it was only because she didn't know what to feel, sitting in her car and looking at the house that spoke family and love, looking at the pup in the blue baseball cap, sitting on the small flight of stairs to his house's front porch, holding a screwdriver as he tinkered with whatever machine that was in his small hands… he was so much like her bambino when he was a child… she wondered if this was the kind of life Tony would have had if his plan worked and Howard didn't know about it. Would Maria find Tony here in this house, sitting near his son and teaching him how to tinker with the device in his hands, smiling happily when the pup will say and do something that brought the smile on everyone's faces? Would he smile proudly when the pup will fix whatever problem it was with the machine?
(See the end of the chapter for
"Some words cannot be forgiven that easily," Steven stated harshly, causing the Alpha to flinch and nod his head, looking uncomfortable as the seconds passed; Steven pressed his lips tightly at that, breathing through his nose before he thrust his hand forward. "The amulet," Steven ordered, planning on taking the amulet he made and leave this place; Steven was an idiot for giving something this precious to someone this brute, maybe the amulet would be a nice gift to someone that wasn't ungrateful as the king was. "W-what happened to the…?" Steven's words trailed after he saw what the king put in his extended hand, wondering if his sight was failing him, or if this was really the amulet that Steven gave to the king not a few hours ago.
Deep breathes; Tony could only take deep breathes as he tried to calm himself, wondering what he was going to tell Angie… Tony, a major part of him wanted to take everything he owns and make a run for it, ignoring the house and the town and the people living here, if only Tony had more freedom… he should have left the country the first chance he had, maybe then he wouldn't be stuck here helpless and not knowing what to do.
A panic and frazzled voice called Steve, causing him to snap out of the nightmare he was thrown in, looking around shakily, Steve stilled in his place when he spotted Bucky running toward him; the Alpha was a mess through and through, messy hair going in all direction, clothes rumbled and untidy, dark circle around his eyes and pale face. It made Steve blink his eyes, wondering why now of all times did Steve noticed how tired Bucky really looked, bone-deep tiredness that seemed to circle the man and surround him.
"Sir, I am finally back from SI I hope you know the kind of danger that you nearly throw me… oh, hello?" The familiar voice of Jarvis made Steven blink and turn to the sound only to find, Jarvis… not any Jarvis at that, but a human Jarvis who was looking at Steven and then Steve with a strange look, Steven didn't know who was more shocked to see the other, Steven for seeing a living, breathing, light brown-haired man with brown eyes, Jarvis, or Jarvis for seeing two Steve Rogers at the same time even when one of them was older.
He did all of that hoping that Steve will come back, he changed, he became a real Alpha, so there was no reason for Steve to stay away now, he had the money and statue, that should bring Steve back, he doesn't care that Steve was a gold digger or whatever the hell he was, he only wanted him back, and he will do anything to get him back, even if it meant killing himself on the inside, even if it meant that Anthony had to gaze all night long at the ID that said that he was a Carbonell, even if it meant becoming the man his father always wanted him to be.
"Of course we are." Steven said with a fond smile, which made Tony give one of his own, being grateful for how normal Steven was acting around him. "Can you tell me what happened after I passed out?" Steven asked after a while of comfortable silence, which made Tony hum a little and start explaining.
"You know, I always thought that the stars were majestic beings when I was a brat, like they don't know how to swear at all, but I don't know if I'm disappointed or not to know that they do." The one who said those words was the blond with the bow, his words meant as a whisper, but unfortunately for him, Steven could hear them clearly.
"I am fine, Peg…" Steven murmured as he left to his room without looking around, ignoring the team that was looking at him with worried eyes and concern faces… he needed to get out of here, he needed to get out of here while ignoring his counterpart because Steven was sure that he will kill his counterpart because he couldn't kill himself.
"Steven, I think that the two of us need to talk." Peggy said gently to Steven after she regains her balance and walked so she was standing near Steven, the man hearing her words, he nodded his head and pointed with his head to the mansion which made the woman hum and follow him, ignoring everyone chatting behind them.
"Baby, listen to me, you are not weak, you are strong, love, the strongest person out there, listen to me, Peter!" Steve said as he leaned back and made the pup look at him, wiping the tears away from Peter's eyes kissing his forehead. "You are strong, Peter, and everyone knows that me, Uncle Ben and Aunt May, Uncle Bucky and Aunt Becca, and grandpa George and grandma Winnie, your friends, and defiantly Mr. Stark, do you know why?" Steve asked which made Peter sniff and shake his head, causing Steve to smile and wipe the rest of the tears and snot from his son's face. "Because you are the only one who kept smiling even when it hurt… not everyone can do that, even me." Steve said gently as he caresses Peter's cheek making the pup give a tired nod and lean on Steve's chest, breath hitching now and then until the boy calmed down. "Do you want to see Mr. Stark? We can go home and eat ice-cream there, or go to the park." Steve said as he runs his hand through Peter's hair, making the pup sniff at that and lean away from Steve trying not to yawn and failing at it, tiredness had sit in his bones after all the crying he did.
Harley snapped out of his fantasy when he saw a taxi stop in front of their house, making Harley's heart pound in his chest at the thought that Mr. Steve was finally back home. Harley was about to call Peter and tell him about Mr. Steve being back, but he stopped in his place when he saw a strange woman get out of the car, making him blink and lean toward the window, trying to see the woman clearly.
The fourth day Fury and Maria were back with few guests, who made Steve nearly bash his head with his own Shield, Dr. Wendy Lawson or Mar-Vell as the other woman called herself, told him about everything that he needs to know about her being a Kree spy until she discovered the truth about the Skrulls, Steve was even able to meet Talos who begged Steve to help his people and find home for them, he meets Carol Danvers, who destroyed the engine Mar-Vell talked about and absorbed the energy from the ensuing explosion gaining superpowers, Steve made sure that Natasha brought him the biggest coffee cup she could find because this was not in his job description. In the end, after Steve called Peggy and Howard, who came as soon as they can, the spent a week and a half discussing what they were going to do back and forth thankfully Steve, as usual, was able to make a strategic plan that will help every party involved.
"No! I-it's… it's not that." Peter said, a pout making its way on his lips, which caused Steve to tilt his head, wondering what his boy meant by his words. "I wanted to marry Tony, I like him more than you do… Wait what if I made Tony my bride? He can be your Mama!" Peter puffed his cheeks as he said those words the fire behind his eyes returned ten volts at that believe, and Steve doesn't even know if he should laugh out loud or scold his son, but in the end, it ends with his left eye twitching, even if his laugh was trapped behind his lips by the skin of his teeth.
"I think that no matter how much I assure you that nothing is going to happen, you won't believe me." Angie sighed and shook her head, coming to sit beside Tony on one of the chairs, humming to herself as she gazed around the place. "I was an actress you know? Not the famous kind of actress on TV, obviously, but a stage actress. I was doing well I supposed, I was married, I had a good job, I had a home…" Angie hummed, lost in her thoughts as her eyes took in something invisible in front of her.
"You should not gaze about the lake in such nights; it is dangerous…" A voice stated, and Steven doesn't have to turn around to see that it was the foolish king behind him, probably coming to punish him for raising his hand; Steven waited for what the king will do, but the man did nothing other than coming to sit beside the Omega, leaving Steven frowning. "It was not in my intent to let Tyber enjoy his victory; but as you can see, my hands are tied, especially when some of my people believe in Tyber's tale." The king explained, and Steven pressed his lips together tightly, he never asked the king to explain his action and he doesn't want the king to do it.
Though when the Omega reached the office he had to jump when he heard the sound of a crash and angry shouting from the inside, which made the Omega take a frightened breath, as he walked to the office with shaky legs, fearing that someone broke in and hurt his father, just like…
Believe me, this was the best ending I could have come up with, I really don't want to drag the story around and ruin it, by doing that.
"Don't." James hissed as he took a step toward Tony, making the shorter Alpha take one back. "Don't ever call me by that name, not you nor is your family allowed to call me by that name, not after what you did!" James snapped causing Tony to bite the inside of his cheek to stop himself from saying something that he will regret.
I was divided between making Steve petty who refused to forgive Tony for hurting him and his son and having Steve be a level headed person who will listen to Tony, but in the end, I know that if it was up to Steve he will make the best decision for his son and forget about his pettiness if Peter was involved.
"Oh, look, there is the light switch!" Tony called out when he found the light switch, pointing the flashlight at it as he stood up, hoping that the light switch was not that of the forties, which made Tony wonder how he was going to change it and the electronic of this room. Turning the switch on, both Rhodey and Tony were left in awe at what they saw.
"Well… Congratulation Mr. Stark, you are a father to a little girl!" His doctor said cheerfully as she turned to Bucky and Steve; the news of him having a girl caused tears to cloud Steve's eyes, and the Omega didn't have it in him to correct his doctor by telling her that Bucky wasn't the child's father like she thought, with how she went to congratulate the shocked Alpha.
Once he was out of Harley's sight, Tony rushed to the counter and pulled his phone, his heart pounding in his chest as he kept his eyes trained on Harley who was munching on the crust left in his sandwich plate. Biting his lip, Tony clicked the line and his heart fell when he was greeted with Betty's hysterical voice.
"Use your voice…" The Omega breathed out, which made Steve tense and back away, the shock nearly freezing his body at the request he heard. Tony frowned at the Alpha's action and took a step towards him. "Use your voice!" The Omega snarled, which made the Alpha shake his head at that, horror taking hold of his heart, wondering why the Omega would ever request of him to use his Alpha's growl. Didn't Tony know that no sane and respectable Alpha would use their growl in front of an Omega? That the only time to use it was when they were in grave danger? "Fine! You won't use it, then I'll make you!" The Omega snarled as he rushed away, leaving Steve frozen in his place before he regained control of himself and rushed after Tony.
"What are you doing, Tony?" a curious voice behind him asked, making Tony blink and turn his sight to Steve, who was sitting on the sofa with Peter who was sleeping on his lap. It had been a few months since the star told him about the reincarnation process and him being one of the few souls who had the honor of going through it, a few months since Steve finally warmed up to Tony that the two of them can be called friends, maybe best friends thanks to Peter who always seemed to break the ice between them and caused them to become closer, few months since Steve accept being called by the short version of his name, and not by Steven, even when Peggy and sometimes Bruce call him by his full name.
It took a few more seconds of Bucky squeaking and squealing in rage before he seemed to deflate, nodding his head in the end as he let out a few grumbling noises. Bucky huffed as he made a motion for her to follow him, making Serpentine grin as she floats behind Bucky-doll, 'Oh'-ing and 'Ah'-ing as they reached a part of the mansion that was covered in spider webs so thick and strong that it was able to hold tables and furniture suspended in the air.
"He is well." The man's answer was short which made Steven raise his eyebrow at that and look forward, lips twitching up as he heard the Avengers 'Oh' and 'Ah' as they walked on Asgard's marble roads, gazing at the huge houses, it made Steven's eyes roam over the place with a sad look, so this was Thor's home before it was destroyed…
"So, what is it, doc? Am I sick?" Tony asked Dr. Banner; in the past few days Tony felt different, he felt restless and nervous, sleeping most of the time and devouring enormous amounts of food, there were separate events too, ones that made Tony feel great discomfort. Fearing that something was wrong with him, Tony rushed to Dr. Banner hoping that the Beta will be able to help and that what Tony was suffering was nothing but a stage that will pass and not something else.
What a good start to the holiday; Peter is going to be so sad when he realizes that he fell sick a week before Christmas. The little boy has been looking up to the holiday ever since Steve told him about his father possibly returning home for Christmas, he will be crushed when he will wake up and realize that he has been sick, with Steve's luck his baby may stay sick for the next three months because of his condition.
…" Anton winced when he heard that, which caused Jamti's eyes to widen before the other Alpha let out a sigh. "Really Anton? How foolish can you be? For an Alpha who plans on courting his intended Omega, you did a wonderful job of driving the Omega away." Jamti sighs and shook his head causing Anton to furrow his eyebrows in confusion.
What Steve learned from the guardians, made him wish that this was just a nightmare that he would wake up from soon. That all of this was just a nightmare that Steve's broken mind hallucinate. After the guardian introduced themselves, Peter Quill the leader told them why he was here; surprisingly he wasn't here to kidnap Steve and sell him to the highest bidder, but he was here because of Thor's request. Asgard… Asgard was falling… they were failing day after day against Thanos; day after day Thanos attacked Asgard more brutally than before, trying to obtain the right Infinity Gantlet they had.
"Ah, do not let Nicolaus catch you saying these words or he would pull your ears," Steven warned which earned him a pout from his boy who started grumbling, which caused Steven to laugh softly and shake his head. "He is a family friend… an uncle… he was my father's Shield brother," Steven whispered, causing James to blink and turn to Steven with wide eyes, no surprise considering that Steven rarely talks about his Sire and Dam, not wanting to remember the pain of losing them because of his failure. "Listen to me carefully, James; if anything is to happen, no matter what it is, I want you to go immediately to Nicolaus and no one else." That order caused the small boy to stop in his place, scrunching his nose in deep thoughts.
"How did he die?" Tony whispered, already expecting the same answer that he was told for years and years now, the Omega didn't know why he was even trying when he knows that he will hear nothing new about the story.
"Steve, calm down, I'm sure that Peter is sorry, he is just excited to see his friend is that right, Pete?" Tony asked as he turned to the small boy, getting a nod from him and the infamous puppy dog eyes. "See, he just missed his friend!" Tony blinked his eyelash at Steve causing the Alpha to roll his eyes and mutter something about partners in crime sort of thing until they arrived toward the car.
"Sir, Colonel Rhodes is outside the doors, shall I let him in?"
It would have been a heroic story if Steven didn't die. Steven Grant Rogers as the articles stated was a good man, a kind man, he was a good son and a good friend, and cared about his town and the people living in it. Steven Grant Rogers who always stood for what was right and pursue justice no matter what were the consequences, even when the kid ended up with a broken arm because of the bullies that followed him, who pushed him down and stole from him… a kid, when Tony gazed at his picture he couldn't help but let out a sob; the kid (He was just like a kid) was nothing but a scrawny kid that was ninety bound soaking wet, and that was the nicest description Tony can come up with, the kid looks like he was thirteen years old instead of eighteen as he smiled happily at the picture.
"A dead cat possessed by a demon, not too common around here… you needed to bury it or the demon wouldn't leave the body and rise in the next full moon to cause chaos…" Rogers said with disappointment coloring his tone, which made Tony give a choked sound and turn to the man.
"I see; so basically Stevie turned you and some of your friends into defenseless creatures because you refused the idea of Steve courting Tony, right?" Serpentine stated, causing Bucky to let out a sad beep and nod his cotton stuffed head, the action made Serpentine coo, almost stabbing Bucky from how cute he was in this form, but she resigned herself, she can't stab anyone/thing now, not when a new interesting mission showed up. "OK, I will help you this time, just this once, only if you told me about Tony a little bit more." Serpentine stated, getting more raging squeaks from Bucky; Serpentine couldn't help but give a smug smile at the angry Bucky let out at the mentioned Tony's name, this was going to be interesting.
"…The security system would be back… caught the other person… I don't know who he is…" Whispers continued to take over the room, and Tony recognized Bucky's voice among the people talking, Tony, though, didn't give it any second thought, being grateful to hold Steve tightly and take comfort in the Alpha's warmth as he let Steve handle everything…
"Noted, now if you excuse me, I had to get a few things from my home and then leave for work, tell Winnie that our gathering will be at Clint's house this week," Tony said as he waved goodbye to Bucky and went to his house making the Alpha shrug and turn around only to shiver in fear as he saw his mother behind him, crossing her arms while glaring.
It was three days after he woke up that Steven was greeted by the sight of the last person he wanted to see in the world; the Iron King. The man walked inside his recovery room, only to pause when he saw that Steven was all alone in the room, he was probably wondering where was James and Margaret; Steven had told Margaret earlier that day to take James outside, for he knows that his babe will get all bored from staying inside the room all day long, even if it meant he will stay with Steven. Ever since his child tasted what it was like to be outside, his baby couldn't stand being locked inside any house unless it was time for bed, the freedom of the wind outside of the suffocating walls, seduced even Steven most of the days.
"No, no, please my king, we did not know, pleases!" The men start shrieking as one after another they were all dragged by the Nattalegg and the warriors under her commands until no one but Hamar left kneeling, Hamar who was sobbing and pleading for his punishment to be lighter than the punishment those who were with him received, everyone was standing silently waiting for what their king will inform them next, fear still coursing through everyone.
Tony woke up screaming and thrashing around his bed weakly, when he felt a hand touching his shoulder, he screamed louder in a hoarse voice. The constant calling of his name and the relaxing scent of a forest made Tony open his eyes to look at the person in front of him only to see Captain America standing near his bed with a panicked look on his face. "My baby…!" Tony screamed as he tried to sit in his bed, gentle hands on his shoulders made his shout. "Give me my baby, back!" Tony screamed as he tried to shake the older man's hands when that didn't work out, he starts sobbing. "Please, please, please! Just let me see my baby, please…" Tony's voice cracked as he begged over and over again hiccupping and whimpering.
"How is Loki?" Steven asked as he walked beside the man with dark skin, he could see the man's bewildered expression in his eyes, though his face reminds cold and emotionless, Steven thinks that if he wasn't so good at reading expressions he would have never caught that look on the man's face.
"You are a star…" Loki let his breath rushed out of him at the realization that a star saved him a celestial being older than the time that never involved themselves in the affairs of mortals and immortals alike, beings that write the history since the beginning of time, ones that can grant immortality 'Whoever possessed a star's heart shall be granted immortality' his mother used to say, the last person to possess a star heart was six thousand years ago, shooting a star out of the sky and ribbing it's heart, for such treason and disrespect he was killed brutally, after that, Odin collected all ancient scribes of how to summon stars and burned them in Muspelheim's fires. "Oh Ancient one, thank you for your generosity, I am forever in your debt." Loki said bowing a little, after all, it was an honor to have a star look upon you and guide you, let alone save you, and Loki knows that he will forever be indebted to the star until he deemed that he paid the debt.
Months passed, and with them came Winter. In the next few months after his meeting with Peggy and Bucky, Tony was displeased when he noted that everyone in the town started to approach him after months of keeping their distance. Tony didn't want to be approached, he didn't want to trust the people who hid something important from him and endangered his child's life, he didn't even want to stay in this town but was forced to because Howard was closing in on his location. Tony just wanted to be alone, he just wanted his and his daughter's life to be bearable, good, with no dominating presence forcing them to do what they don't like or hurt them when they are displeased.
"Is that so?" Starkad's eyes shined as the small boy growled at him, it amused him greatly how strong-willed the small boy was, but he wondered if the boy has the heart to take a life, even if that life was that of a pathetic worm who was on his way to death. "Well, then, he is yours." The king said with humor painting his voice as he pointed at Hamar, who was shivering and gazing at the small boy who was glaring at him, if a look could kill, Hamar would have already started rotting in Hel, and for a second, Starkad couldn't help the pride at how much the small pup has the same glare as his mother, it only meant that the boy will be a feared and fierce warrior when he grow up.
"Oh, you wish for it to blow in two weeks!" Fury snapped before walking around the room, huffing and puffing as he tried to calm down, the sight making Tony sigh once more and curse Pepper and Rhodey for forcing him to the party, he should have let Serpentine haunt every goddammit person who was invited and be done with. "Rogers is the original Captain America would have cooled off in two weeks, him being the former Winter Soldier would have cooled off in months. But an Addams? This shit wouldn't calm down even if two years had passed! It is a hell out there Stark! All because you couldn't help but go public with your relationships with someone from the main family of the Addams!" Fury ranted on and on, and in the back of his head, Tony wondered if Bucky would have got the same treatment if he and Rogers were going steady, probably not, especially him being America's sweetheart and all of that.
On the other hand, Steve still hasn't seen Bucky after that day, he probably scared the other Alpha to death if Bucky was getting out of his way to avoid him, which was making him sad, for he thought that he and Bucky had made good progress and became… well, friends, he had hoped the two of them became friends, but Bucky was still avoiding him like he was the plague.
it was when he reached his five hundred years, and that day Sara let him fly in the realms in his Astral Form alone, something about finally being old enough, and that day he spent it playing and enjoying himself to the fullest and being old enough, he decided to see Midgard, he was old by then, an adult, even with Sara's warning, curiosity made him daring.
"Welcome home!" Tony smiled as he said those words, his smile widening when he saw Harley holding one of Steve's hands as he gazed around the house with wide eyes, taking everything in; this would be the first time that Harley visit their home, for usually many of their interaction with the kid would take place either in the orphanage, the clinic or in public places with one of Harley's caretaker. "Hey, Harley…" Tony smiled as he leaned down in front of the boy, getting a shy wave and a small smile. "Are you ready to meet your new family?" Tony asked, smiling when he felt Peter running down the stairs, no doubt getting scold by Sarah for running inside the house.
Letting out a tired sigh, Steven gazed up at the lake in front of him, wondering how icy it will feel with the cold weather that blanket the whole village. "
Steve still has his shirt on, but Tony can't spare any thought to that, not when Steve spread his legs wide open and Tony doesn't even hear the possessive sound that escapes him now, he could only jump his mate, kissing and touching him like the world was on fire. He makes to push his fingers inside of Steve's leaking hole, but Steve reaches to seize his hand. "No, just fuck me; I need to feel you, please…" Steve whispered, causing Tony to shudder. Tony squeaked at the way he has to stop himself from simply devouring Steve, which was a shame, but Steve already knows what was running inside his Alpha's mind. "It won't hurt, I promise it won't; I'm so wet. I'm ready, Tony, please." Tony's fingers are pressing into Steve's leg forcefully and Steve's eyes are shiny again and Tony can't restrain himself, which made Steve smile and let out a moan as Tony pushed his cock past Steve's rim carefully, locking his eyes with Steve who whines brokenly, quivering all over as he felt his mate filling him. "Yes, yes, yes!" Steve's chant dissolves into a moan as Tony leans closer, burying his cock deeper.
"I see…" Nicolaus ended up saying, his words causing Steven to frown, wondering what possibly the man can see. "I saw an annoying child who took it as his duty to call me an eye patch; he reminds me of an annoying lad I once knew, do you by a chance know who he is?" Nicolaus ended up changing the subject completely by asking that question and Steven couldn't be more grateful for the man's insight.
"Hell no! No! I despise you, Rogers! I wouldn't marry you even if you were the last man on earth! And since when asking me out turned into marriage?" Tony screamed as he backed away from him like the crazy man would do something to him more than the violation he already did. "You better hear me out Rogers because this is your last chance! If you don't knock that shit out, I will personally return you to that fucking cell you were in! I will even give you back to Hydra you crazy fuck! Stay away!" Tony then huffed and rushed out of the room, already feeling that if he stayed any second longer it meant death.
"You are going in the wrong way my queen; have the king not send someone to escort you?" The Alpha asked as he nodded to the Omega to follow him making the Omega pause a little at the man's words before he starts walking.
"My lucky star…" Steven was able to strain his ear to pick up those words, lifting his eyebrow wondering what those words meant, though Tony sighed as he starts rubbing the boy's back when he let out a whimper. "It disappeared, Daddy, my lucky star disappeared, I can't find it anywhere!" Peter whined some more until he calmed down, sniffing at the soft words his father murmured in his ear.
"How do you do it?" Tony asked as he looked at the Alpha which caused the Alpha to turn to the sandbag with a look. "Dealing with the raw feeling, I meant, trying to contain your anger and helplessness." Tony dared to ask which made Steve pause a little and a ghost of a smile took over his face.
Tony took off the mask on his face and then put it in one of his desk drawers, petting Dummy and greeting his AI before walking toward the bathroom, sighing happily as he took a quick shower and changed his clothes. When he got out of the bathroom, he smiled a little when he saw Steve petting Goose, who was meowing happily, the Alpha, was preparing his folded mattress, and Tony felt a little pang of guilt for forcing the Alpha to sleep on the ground in his room when he had a room and a bed of his own.
So as we all know I published another Stony story, this time with Alpha Tony and Omega Steve, the story is called 'A Child's Love' if you want heartbreak, hurt/comfort, and family feels, and Howard nearly being killed by everyone for being a shitty person, then this is your story
That night, he shines brightly which made Anton look at him with a huge smile, he shines brightly, even as Anton closed his eyes, breathes hitching in his old chest, and he shines… until Anton stopped breathing completely, and when morning came and Anton's apprentice finally found his cold body…
No, my baby! What have I done?
The voice drawled in a heavy voice before switching to a heavy accented tone (Russian or German, Steve only know that it was harsh and cold) and Steve felt a shiver going down his spine at the dark undertone, what Steve hated the most was that the voice kept changing, kept wavering, like the person on the end of the line was either putting a piece of clothes on his mouth or was doing something that changed his voice.
Steven swallowed, refusing to answer the king's question, not when five minutes passed, not when the five minutes turned to ten and the ten to fifteen. "It does not matter, does it?" Steven finally answered the king's question with one of his own, ignoring as the king shifted in his seat and gazed at the Omega with a blank expression. Gods above, how Steven hates the man in front of him.
"Why did you do it, Peter? You know you are not allowed inside of that room… no one is, so why?" Steve asked gently, causing the boy to sniffle at that and hide his face into his pillow taking big breaths, which made Steve sigh and picked up the boy, sitting him in his lap, wiping the boy's tears, which ended up with the pup's breath hitching now and then.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence (?), feelings, mention of past abuse(?), mention of rape(?), panic attacks, maybe fluff, And Steve finally gets his shit together while Tony scream his head off about something… And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Vespers — around 6 p.m. or after dinner
"I'm sorry Tony…" Peter mumbled as he hides his face in Tony's breast, which made the Omega let loose a shuddered breath, kissing the boy's forehead a few times, trying to regain his composure to answer the boy and hoping that he wouldn't make Peter cry.
not Dummy you uncultured beast! And my name is Tony! Not Anton!" Tony huffed as he shrugged his aunt's hand from his shoulder grumbling about idiotic and crazy blonds under his breath.
"Wait, time travel exists?" Tony asked with a bewildered expression which made Steve give a small chuckle when was the last time he saw this look on his husband? Probably when the blond told his lover to teach him how to become an engineer and an inventor, mainly to repair the Iron Man suits when Steve and Shield found a good replacement for Tony, but deep down everyone knows that there was no replacement for Iron Man.
"…An oath breaker…" Steven's choked pulling his hands from the king's; his body was shaking as he tried to stop the tears from running down his face… how stupid was Steven really to trust someone just because they were from Brookland like him? just because the Beta took a sacred oath didn't mean that an oath can't be broken, just because he gave information hoping for a rescue, didn't mean that his pleas will be answered… today Steven was proven how stupid he was for trusting one of his people.
Months had passed, Spring giving way to Summer, which gave way to Fall. By then, Tony had almost perfected the escape plan he had been working on for months and months; ever since Howard started answering Rhodey and Pepper's phone calls, Tony's suspicious of Howard hurting his friends became true, especially when neither Rhodey nor Pepper called him once for more than nine months. The last few months Tony did nothing but prepare for every outcome that is to happen, from his friends' death to his father finding him, Tony had calculated everything. Starting from the escape backpacks that Tony prepared near the door in case of him spotting Howard, to the gun he bought from the gun store a few months ago; Tony had prepared to every ugly outcome that was going to take a place.
A voice whispered in Steve's ears, in Steve's mind, causing Steve to stop in his advance as his eyes widen and his breath hitch as he felt the Space Stone power surge inside of him…
"Tony, if Rogers is really in love with you, then he wouldn't ask any sexual favor from you, he will love for who you are, not what you can give him…" The man stressed his words which made Tony look at him doubtfully, causing Steven to close his eyes at that. "Do you know that the number of times I had sex with my husband can be counted on both of my hands and I will still have a lot of fingers to spare?" Steven said which made Tony look at him with wide eyes.
Waking up, Tony blinked his eyes tiredly as he gazed around the place he was in, part of Tony was surprised to see he was laying on the sofa in his living room, another part of him wasn't that much surprised, not after waking up constantly in his own home after finding himself lingering near the lake, letting out a tired breath, Tony raised himself into a sitting position, his eyes going around the room, taking everything in and only relaxing in his place when he saw Morgan sleeping with him on the sofa.
Clint sighs and throws his bow and arrow away and massaging his forehead trying to make the headache go after a long day in the ranges, he should have pestered Phil for a mission or something, because he was getting dangerously bored, but Phil got sick of him always following him and talking about Steve nonstop; it ended with Phil threatened to lock him in one of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s holding cells if he didn't stop his whining.
No matter what Steve did, no matter what time of the day it was, he always continued to hear that voice, taunting him, begging him, demanding something from him… it was like whoever it was that was singing, was taking its revenge on Steve. Like it was torturing him, for abandoning whoever it was… and Steve may have an idea who it was…
Tony didn't know what was special with the tree he leaned on, it was like any other tree colored red, yellow, and brown like any other tree in the fall season, but Tony was tired, and he ends up sitting on the ground under the tree his legs too shaky to even keep him up anymore.
"What do you mean that there is already a whore out there trying to steal my mate!" squeaked Natasha looking at Steve like he told her he was working with Hydra all along.
"You are an evil man, I hate you." Clint whined as he turned toward Tony, sending him the most pitiful look there was, causing Tony to snort and sit on the loveseat that Steve occupied before, it was only a few minutes later that Steve and Peter returned, taking their seat near Tony. "Now we are going to have a Disney marathon! I really wanted to watch an action movie that we finally had a downtime." Clint pout, sitting on the sofa with Natasha, Bruce, and Thor sitting on the floor, while Bucky and Peggy were occupying the other loveseat, too bad Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy didn't make it tonight.
“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, it’s an engagement ring! Did that mean…?” Pepper couldn’t even finish her question, but the shy look on Tony’s face answered the question burning in her mind, causing her to squeal so loudly and bring him in a tight hug that nearly wrangled out every breath he had in his body.
"Wow, the hell, Steve? Calm down, Tony is fine; he is in the room with the kids." Clint said when his eyes fell on Steve, no doubt taking him in and wincing at what he was seeing; Steve won't even fault him, not when he was feeling like a mess and no doubt looked like one too.
Tony doesn't know how long he stayed sitting on the floor, the door supporting his back as he tried to calm the crying child in his arms. Tony knew that a long time had passed, when his baby finally stopped crying fell asleep and the panic that gripped Tony vanished, leaving Tony as nothing but a shaky mess. "I am so sorry, baby, so sorry…" Tony whispered as he rocked his hiccupping baby, wishing that it didn't turn out like this.
Tony felt even more dawn when he realized that his feeling for Rogers was a mix of hero-worship, admiration, and a silly crush, and not the love he always stated to himself; thanking Bucky, Tony went and spent the next day in his room, crying the whole time when he realized that Steven and Peggy were right in the first place and that he was still a child who didn't know how to handle the situation he was in and not only that but he also destroyed his life by falling pregnant.
"Hello Mr. Stark, I'm Dr. Cho." She said all on that with a smile taking the seat in front of him. After confirming his pregnancy, the doctor started asking him about his family's history of illness, asked him about his illness, if he was diabetic, if he was this if he was that, she asked him so many questions and she wanted him to take so many tests, Steve felt dizzy by the end of it, Steve looked at the sheet of paper in his hand, feeling nervous about the tests that were required of him.
So what do you think?
"Yes, is Steven Rogers here?" The woman asked, trying to look behind Tony to the inside of the house, causing Tony to bristle and get outside closing the door behind him to stop the woman from snooping any further which did nothing but causing the woman to scowl harshly.
With a cry Tony came across his belly and Steve's chest and feeling the muscles contract rhythmically around his dick, Steve spilled himself in that hot and wet passage, his teeth locking on Tony's neck where his bonding gland was, which gained him nothing but a cry and a smaller orgasm from the Omega; Steve rocked into Tony to draw it out for both of them until they were both too sensitive.
"How did J behave?" Tony asked, a twinkle shining in his eyes as he gazed at the two of them waiting for them to give him an update on how his A.I. acted, wondering if it needed a little work or if it was complete, he also wondered if he could convince Rhodey to help him install J in the house before they leave.
College life is more stressful and consuming than I thought…
… you took my breath away…" Rogers said as he brought his right hand to Tony, and only now Tony notice the rose stems in the man's hands…
Tony took a deep breath as he looked at his house… the house that he brought so that he will start a new life with his baby, only for him to lose the child long before he was able to hold him in his arms. The Omega closed his eyes tightly and leaned on the wheel, taking deep breaths before the urge to scream became stronger.
So what do you think?
The woman can see Steve blinking his eyes like he doesn't even know what to say, but he put his cup down and looked a little uncomfortable before turning to the woman. "I… I think you got the wrong person Captain Carter, you see Dr. Erskine and me… we aren't actually related at all…" Steve said which made the woman open and close her mouth at that not knowing what to say, narrowing her eyes a little at that, but Steve didn't seem to notice that as he looked at her with sadness. "I… I really hate to be the one who informs you of this… but Dr. Erskine… he died ten years ago… I don't know, how, his lawyer Mr. Philips never told me... I am really sorry for your loss Ma'am… Dr. Erskine was a great man." Steve said with a sad smile, making the woman take a deep breath at the words she heard, closing her eyes for a few seconds before opening them.
Tony sat on the sofa, the blanket pooling around him, but Tony didn't care about that, he ripped his sweater off his body, terror and fear taking hold of him when he remembered what took a place before he passes out; Tony's hand fell on the place that Ty slashed only to furrow his brows when he didn't feel anything but the smooth skin under his hand, which caused Tony to put his legs on the floor and stand up shakily, heading to the bedroom where the full-body mirror was situated.
"This wasn't a rash decision, Mrs. Banner." Steve's voice coming from behind Betty made both Tony and Betty jump; the two of them were so engrossed in glaring at each other to notice Steve who entered the room. "Tony and I already talked about adopting Harley before we married; what happened with Harley didn't change our plans only rushed them a little," Steve said as he came and stood beside Tony looking at Betty who was looking at the two like they lost their minds.
Was the ending rushed? Maybe…
It was a few minutes later that the camera that was put in front of Steve started recording and Steve had to swallow his fear as he instructed Tony to never give the codes or anything or what the two of them planned will be over, Steve's heart pounded in his chest as he finally dared to attack the Alpha in front of him.
Tony wanted Steve to spend his heat with him? Will Steve agree? Will he refuse touching him base on what happened to Tony two years ago? Many possibilities, and no satisfactory answer to them unless he took matters in his own hands, and knowing Steve, the Alpha will want Tony to move first, because if one thing was recognized Steve won't act unless he notices that Tony want him to act, which will probably take years for Tony and Steve to reach there if they didn't do anything.
Steve knows that it was a crazy thought, that something like that was only a stupid myth, which no matter how much his mother told him about her home in Ireland, that it was only a stupid story… that the Dearg Due was just a myth…
"Your… dam's Shield?" Anton asked slowly, getting a nod from the boy who was still too engrossed in tracing the Shield with his fingers; itching the shape of the shield in his memories to pay him any attention. "Tell me about it, the Shield's story." After knowing where the Shield belonged, Anton really wanted to know the weapon's story, wondering about the use of a weapon that he found in the Hydra king's treasure room; a weapon that was forgotten and left to gather nothing but dust.
Photos…. That made Tony 'Oh' as he took the envelope from the other man's hand; he turned around on shaky legs intending to go as far away from this place as possible. "Mr. Stark… Your baggage…" The Beta said as he rushed toward Tony who was halfway through the floor toward his door… strange when did he move?
All the fluffiness and cuteness is my apology for the late update!
"I know that but… what if Harley hates me?" Tony asked, shifting in his place before looking up at his father who already finished cutting and washing the potatoes cubes. "I mean, he spent a whole year pretending that he was OK and forcing himself to interact with people, what if he was forcing himself once more to agree with us just because he felt like he can't refuse?" Tony wondered out loud, pouting when he saw his father smiling gently.
"Again!"
There was a monster in the lake; a monster that saved him a month ago, a monster that healed him, a monster that made sure his baby was good and that she wasn't hurt… there was a monster in the lake… surprisingly though, hearing that didn't cause Tony to scream bloody murder, it didn't cause Tony to feel scared, it didn't make him pack all of his shit and book it out of this strange town. There was a monster in the lake, but for the first time in his life, Tony felt safe.
"Ouch…" Tony murmured as he finally regains consciousness, Tony's body hurt, his head hurt, and his ass hurt, but the most important was that his back was killing him! This means he either forgets himself and slept in his lap on the chair, or he slept on the ground. But from the hard ground underneath him, he realizes that, yes, he was on the ground. "J, what happened?" Tony murmured as he sat up, yawning, and looking at what he was wearing, scrunching his nose when he realized he was wearing a funeral suit. It took a few minutes before memories slammed into Tony, making the man moan and return to lie down on the floor, groaning and moaning and cursing. "Forget it, J, I remember…" Tony whimpered, curling around himself and pouted, sniffing now and then as he tried to stop himself from throwing a tantrum.
Drax told him that Niflheim would welcome earth's survivers, just like they welcomed the women and children of Asgard, giving them a safe place to live in before Thanos attacked to destroy their home. He told him that the Bifrost could take all the survivers to Niflheim, but not all, even stated that he doubted that earth would survive Thanos' attack when he obtain the second Gauntlet.
Meanwhile, Hydra was on the move, the loss of Zola was crushing, and they knew that they needed to do something, preferably catching Steven once again, for the strength they witnessed was too much for them to let go; for Hydra Steven was now more important than getting back the Winter Soldier, with that in mind, Hydra made their move a few months later, waiting for everything to settle down, unaware of Steven and Peggy's decision of finally making the move to overthrow Hydra.
"No! Papa will never hurt me, I promise!" The pup said when Tony looked at him with a strange look. "It's just… ever since Papa and I came here from home, he is always sad… I just wanted to make him happy, want to buy him something… but that mean man came and start dragging me…" Tears start running down the pup's face, which made Tony wipe them away pulling the pup to his chest shushing him gently while rocking the pup, which made the child hide his face in Tony's neck sniffing. "Papa… gonna be angry." The child muttered sniffing and shaking.
"Is that so?" Tony murmured to himself, casting a glance at Steve who was looking at Peter with a small encouraging smile which made Tony relax as he turned to Peter. "When is Harley's birthday? We can take him to the funfair when the day comes, I'm sure he will love it." Tony gave Peter a cheeky grin, which got him a happy one from Peter who was jumping in his seat from excitement.
"Just leave me alone!" Steve snarled, rushing his wheelchair toward the elevator, wanting to get some fresh air or he would really lose it this time. "I won't see him, and I never want to see him again; he can go and fuck himself!" Steve huffed as he reached the elevator, getting inside and closing the door, behind him, going to the ground floor, hoping that the garden outside would calm his frazzled nerves enough that he doesn't wish to kill and maim whoever comes to talk with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve let out a yawn, standing up from his set, and took measured step after step as he followed the rest of the Avengers to the tower's living space. Shuffling to the nearest couch, Steve let out a content sigh as he throws himself face-first into the couch, letting out a pained noise as he snuggles into the couch, leaving a little space for Tony and Peter to sit.
"Is he now?" Steve asked, relief visible in his voice, showing Tony how stress Steve was about their baby's health. It only made the news Tony was about to tell his love sweeter and hopeful; he wonders what his mate will do when Tony was going to tell him the good news.
"Then please call me Tony." Tony said to the man as he starts following Steve and his pup when the pup whines about wanting Tony with them. "So tell me Steve, is the bambino here always this energetic?" Tony asked as he ruffled the kid's hair which got him a whine and a swat on the hand from the pup, but it was so cute, like a kitten getting angry or a bunny.
"Why… why are you telling me this?" Tony asked, going over the last bit of information that Angie offered, in the articles he read, all of them hailed Steven Rogers as the hero he was for exposing Pierce; in all of the articles he read, not once did he read about Pierce being out of prison during Rogers's death… could it be… could it be that Rogers turned into a monster to seek revenge? To seek the truth of why the town betrayed him and cause his death?
"Calm down, Rhodey-bear, nothing happens I was just clumsy." Tony laughed, hoping that Rhodey won't catch on how the laugh was strained and shaky; some part of Tony refused to not only admit the truth but refuse what he felt. "Look what I found though!" Tony grinned changing the direction of the conversation toward the sliding door Tony found, hoping that Rhodey won't start asking questions; Tony really doesn't want to deal with that at this moment.
"Oh, you know a little bit of this, and a little bit of that, and punching Howard Stark in the face until I broke his nose." Steve said off-handedly which made everyone choke at that and look at the Omega like he lost his mind, but Peter's eyes were wide as he heard the name Stark, the pup will become a buzzing bee every time that name was brought.
Steve looked at the door and flinches when the door was knocked and the voice of the landlady calling for Steve, looking at the apartment for one last time, Steve took his stuff and left the apartment; with tears in his eyes and the feeling of leaving something important behind him, Steve may be too young to understand some things, but he understands love perfectly, and he understands how many types of it there was, and knowing Anthony, he knew the Alpha was not like his father, Anthony was far from being that cruel man, and Steve was sure the Alpha will prove that to him...
Stane seems to be persistent, always coming and going as he please, at that time Tony didn't pay any attention to the older Alpha as he was working on a project for himself he was sure it was going to take the world by storm, the first real AI! It was the eighties and Tony was sure that this kind of project will make revolution! It was only after noticing some of his stuff disappearing without a trace he starts to suspect and in the end, he went to his father and told him to do something.
(See the end of the chapter for
The drive was not long, nor was it short, but it was enough for the two of them to regain back their thoughts, by the end of their drive, Tony can feel Steve pausing when his eyes fell on the Italian restaurant in front of them… the restaurant that they had their first date in… and the place that Tony proposed to Steve in… a place that Tony never step a foot inside ever since Steve and him were separated by Howard…
Read and Review
"But he wasn't my
"Dear Lord, I feel like I'm raising a kid." Steve sighs and grumbled something about noisy teens and them always stealing his phone, he made a turn to the right hoping to reach Shield HQ faster to drop Natasha and become free!
Today, his father had invited him to their favorite café; it was their favorite until Stane showed up in the picture and took all of his father's attention and love from the family, causing them such heartache and pain, but for once, instead of saying 'No' like he usually do, he said 'Yes' with a sigh. To his surprise their late lunch was pleasant; they talked about what's going on in their lives, what they are planning to do later, Tony even dropped the name he chose for the baby once or twice to see his father reaction; everything was good until his father start opening their argument once more.
Jarvis' monotone voice made Tony growl as he looked up at the ceiling, wondering how his A.I. would dare betray him like that. Was he on Rogers' side? "Are you on his side? Did he infiltrate you? Are you betraying me?" Tony snapped as he stood up from his chair, growling at the ceiling, and only got a tired sigh in return. Deep down Tony wondered how his A.I. turned out to be like that; sassy and so done with Tony's shit at the same time.
It ends with Tony being stuck in the archive and forced to help Pepper sort through the old files of SI, the one that no one got around turning them to digital files, needless to say, Tony made sure to annoy everyone with his whining and trying to run away only to get caught by the members of the team, Thor thought of it as nothing but an amusing game, Bruce only shook his head, Clint sat on top of the cabins shouting 'I spy someone running' every time Tony made his move, Bucky and Natasha were guarding the door, and Pepper was the one who forced him into his chair helping him sort through the files.
Sarah's eyes widen a little as she listens to his words giving him a soft sad smile, she looked at the counter for a second before turning to him. "I now know why Steve is head over heels in love with you… I wish you were the one he met twelve years ago, maybe then the three of you wouldn't have suffered as much as you did, but I'm happy you met in the end, you all were the key in healing each other." Sarah smiled; taking the dessert plates from the counter and getting out of the kitchen heading to the backyard leaving Tony shocked at her words.
"That's were Tony come in." Steven said smiling gently at the Omega which made the smaller man look at him with a questioning look. "Considering that the Helicarriers being made with Stark's tech, I am sure Tony will like to leave them a little surprise on the takeoff." That made Tony grin and took his phone out of his pocket and called the number he wanted firing orders left and right to Jarvis and his AI when they picked the phone up ignoring the rest of the team as they looked at Tony who whines about meetings tomorrow but feeling light on the inside.
"So are you going to tell me how to make that superior armor?" Tony asked his eyebrows wiggling, causing Steve to let out a breathless laugh as he shook his head, no, a happy smile taking over Steve's face, probably the first one in years by the look of it.
Tony sat on the floor for what could have been hours; he sat on the floor and take in the perfectly clean room with empty eyes, wondering where were the blood and the broken furniture that was here not a few hours ago. Part of Tony was wondering if he finally lost his mind, if what he saw last night was nothing but his imagination, throwing him into a nightmare with no way out. Another part, the one that was going through his interaction with Bucky and Peggy pointed out that Tony was clearly the insane one in all of this, even more, insane than the town and their monster in the lake. Since getting to the living room after catching up to him, not once did Bucky and Peggy showed an expression that informed Tony about them seeing the destroyed living room. The two of them moved as they would normally do in his house, no fear of blood, no sidestepping furniture, no wide eyes at the insanity that was in his house… nothing.
"No! No, no, no, no! Let me go, let me go! Rogers!" Tony shrieked as he tried to loosen Howard's grip of his hair, thrashing left and right as he shouted and cursed; Howard on the other hand didn't seem to like Tony fighting for his freedom as he slammed Tony's face to the ground and told him to shut up. "Rogers, please!" Tony cried out when Howard raised Tony's head, planning on slamming it one more time.
"My deepest apology Ancient One, but it seems that I have an urgent matter in Asgard I need to attend to." Thor gave a soft smile to Steve, causing the star to hum and nod his head still looking at Thor's battle attire. "I cannot take you with me, for the Bifrost cannot handle but one soul; I do promise that I will be fast to return." Thor reassures the star, causing him to let out a hum.
