Mycroft laid a gentle hand over his brother’s, “in this he cannot, I am sorry Sherlock but, even He cannot. John killed a roman citizen” he explained softly
“If I hear of the hour of his death, I will see to it that you get the opportunity to speak to him.” Mycroft answered exhaustedly
There was a slight commotion in the hallway; a slave came in and bowed before the emperor
She closed her eyes, and allowed the girls to guide her.
He closed the door to their suite of rooms. No sooner had the door clicked than she turned to him, the little mouse had turned into a lioness.
he paced frantically through to the room, ignoring everything in his way; furniture, slaves, guards, even his brother, nothing mattered. It was all inconvenient proof that he had been sold to a woman, by his brother and Caesar, for what reason, he couldn't explain.  Apparently they wanted him to settle down and become a good little citizen, marry for the good of the empire, and produce children to further his brother's political scheming.
“what?” she looked at him skeptically, he stalked across his room and grabbed his notes waving them at her.
“Her?” the driver asked, “A woman.”
“You have to fix this Mycroft, you are the only one that can” a pleading tone that, Mycroft had a hard time reconciling with his brother’s voice.
“At least my Alpha only leaves his socks and pants on the floor. A bit of perspective, that’s what you add to my life” the other man added “he likes it when I come home after talking to you, you know, I end up so grateful that he isn’t your Sherlock”
Was this any better than slavery?
Lestrade nodded to the pair, “right, you get him home. He needs to finish out his heat in safety.”
“i don't want you to leave” John whimpered
Mycroft smiled politely, but it never reached his eyes, “my emperor is too kind to me, that he should concern himself with my welfare”
they stopped and looked at each other appraisingly, a leopard and a lioness meeting for the first time, both circling each other to determine if the other was; friend, foe, or food.
Molli giggled lightly “forgive the irreverence, but he looks more like he has given child, than anyone at this moment.” She knew that the strain and fatigue were affecting her, but she couldn’t stop herself, as she leaned against the wall to hold herself up.
Sherlock sighed and slipped off of the bed, sitting next to it with his back turned to John “just ignore me for a few minutes, I will stay and you don't have to watch, but if you need me to leave, tell me. I can always do this in the shower”
“I was in the back of that flat” Anderson told them pointing “so they should be, just under there”
her mind  far away.
The guard hissed in a breath at the bright blue hue
“I have sworn my hand to you, but I will not turn my life to you. Are we clear” she hissed at him “I have dedicated  my entire life  to my craft. I am a healer, and I will remain a healer until the day that my hand can no longer lift a knife, and my eyes can no longer see the herbs I mix. You will not change that.” she had drawn herself up to full height, even though she barely reached his chin, in that moment she was a giantess among women. “I will offer you this one warning, if you try to force my, I know the effects of herbs you have never heard of, and can use them to simulate any illness you can imagine, and I will not hesitate to  use them to assure that I keep my own life” .
“Exactly Sherlock ‘women’, if they were wives or daughters of important families their men could have protected John, but they weren’t Sherlock.”
“Thank you my friends” the priest told the pair “I have new initiates that need to be trained, and kept from mischief. I will speak with you at a later time, as it appears you have words for our god”
Late that evening, she was laying out supplies in the apothecary, when she heard a frantic shouting at her front door. Throwing the door open she saw a Centurion and a women, holding a babe of only a few days, the woman was crying and the Centurion looked strained. “Please help us” the centurion begged standing at the door “my child, is dying and no one can tell us why, let alone save him”
“You would be welcome to bring anyone from your household that you wish, to attend your needs” Mycroft said, far more casually than he felt.
“You have witnesses, Sherlock” Donovan assured “right now, you need to do whatever he needs you to do. John, it will be okay, and it will get better but you are going to have to tell him exactly what you need from him. I know how hard it is going to be to tell him what you think he isn’t going to want to hear, but you have to trust him”
Molli grabbed one of the slaves by the arm and guided her into the back room. The Centurion and John followed her
The empress laughed openly “he does, doesn’t he. He would likely find that thought humorous himself, were he awake enough to hear it”
Sherlock startled at hearing that, wiping his face and taking in everything about Mycroft’s bearing.
~~~~~
“Brother” Mycroft responded coolly “for a man that prides himself on observation, you have allowed your distaste of conventions to blind you to the reality of the situation you find yourself in”
John stood still not knowing what he should do, when he felt an arm  wrap around his waist, and soft lips press against his neck. “I never dreamed I would be able to do this again” Mycroft whispered into his ear  his breath hot against John's skin “if you wish me to stop say the word, but I have longed to touch you again. Your mistress will be compensated for the time I spend with you”
“Red would be preferable, but blue is still treatable. If it had been yellow, there would be very little hope” she told him reassuringly, while she checked his teeth and nails.
~~~~~
Mycroft smiled after the girls, Molli would likely not thank him for what they were planning that night, but it wouldn’t take long for her to discover that this really was the opportunity of a lifetime, for both of them. Now all he had to do was to speak to his brother, but that would have to wait until after the banquet. He had never looked forward to a state event the way he was anticipating tonight, this would be the first time he had seen John in a moons turn. He knew the man wouldn’t be treated harshly in the service to the young healer. The boy that had been dispatched to retrieve the slaves from Molli’s house was his boy, and thus would know to call John. He hoped he would be given the opportunity to speak to John, but at least he would be able to see him. Although  knowing Anthea, she was probably already making plans to occupy Molli for a couple marks to give him the opportunity to spend some time with John.
“I think that the gods do take a kindness to us, the wasting never happens to the first born. They give us one and take another. Please believe that if I cannot save him, it is because the gods took him in kindness. That they took him spare him a pain, or torment that they deemed too great for a human to bear. Please trust them, to know what they want with this world, even if we don’t” the sadness in Molli’s eyes told the other woman that she was trying to convince both of them. She saw the pair to a room in the back of the house “please rest, I know you won’t sleep but you should at least rest, and you will be more comfortable in here. I will send a slave to see to your needs”
He had said his goodbyes to his friend the night before. He had made promises to John, some spoken and some simply in his heart, now it was time to start to see them through. He may not be able to spare his friend, but he could honor him in death, as he had in life. Now that there were no words left, once John and Sherlock spoke, all words of this world would be unneeded, and the bravest man he knew could find his reward in peace, weather his Jewish heaven or the fields of Elysium. If any man deserved the Isle of the Blessed it was John.
~*~*~*~*~
“Mater Juno is a woman, would you dare to speak so foolishly of her” Sherlock spat back
~*~*~*~*~*~
One of the house slaves brought a young boy to them, he knelt in front of Molli “The illustrious Caesar, Emperor of the Great State of Rome, appointed by the gods, has issued an invitation, for the healer Molli, to attend the palace to receive her due reward for services rendered unto the household of the emperor, at sun height tomorrow.”
“Brother” he said quietly watching the fuming man pace angrily through his guest room.
“No!” Sherlock said harshly “Oh God John, if I hadn’t left those feet in the fridge none of this would have happened. Is this my fault?” he asked Lestrade, his tone heartbreaking.
John felt himself being lifted gently out of the car and taken into a warm house, there was something wrong but he was too tired to try to work it out. He felt strong hands lifting his jumper off of his chest, and unbuttoning his shirt, before working on his trousers. He was glad Sherlock wasn't mad at him for drinking, the way he sometimes got, especially if  he got called for a case while john was drunk and had to leave him behind to sleep it off.  A few moments later and blackness took him; he didn’t remember anything after that.
“Morta cut the nobility!” Sherlock shouted “it isn’t as if he killed one of their number. With as many as take to the Jewish quarter he likely even saved one of their lovers.”
They added color to her face.
The celebration was also perfect, the guests offered prayers, and blessings. There was food, wine,  dancing and entertainment for all. It was a holiday for all but the most essential workers.  Sherlock spent the entire celebration trying to figure out why he was relieved that she was pleased with him, why did it matter to him what she thought? It wasn't as if he planned on really living with her. He studied her briefly out of the corner of his eye while someone spoke a toast. He felt her smack his leg with her fork, and noticed that the toast was complete, he lifted his glass an drank on command. How had she noticed that he wasn't paying attention to the words? He had never seen her even look at him.
I know it’s a dream, but there are people, people who are trying to rip Sherlock’s arm clean off his body, so I scream because what else can I
Oh for god’s sake.
Sent at 10:07
I’m right! What was I even thinking, asking some random stranger in a pub to stitch up a head wound? I might need to go to the A&E, after all. I hope the morbidly obese nurse is not on duty – she keeps trying to pet my hair every time I’m there, like I’m in
Much to my surprise Ella doesn’t press any further, despite it taking me a while to find my voice again.
“…and nerves of steel,” I force the words through my lips, trying to focus, but it’s impossible with John here, eyes darting around the scene behind the police tape, catching my gaze just for a second before looking away innocently, like he has no idea what—
Sent at 00:13
The owner of the hand has a deep voice, warm and melodic, but he wouldn’t be the first to steal scrubs from a hospital and play a doctor in order to get close to—
Two boxes that held nothing of true importance to their owner, and this knowledge doesn’t make breathing any easier as I make my way to the kitchen that is still void of any sign of a tenant.
Our immediate audience consists of two people: the cellist from before, and some tax accountant Mike procured from god only knows where. No, not Mike. Molly. Those two have a shared tendency for collecting strays.
“’Scuse me, we need to use your first aid kit.”
“You thought he was dead for a year and a half. Your reaction is not unjustified, John.”
Right, I have thick hair. Curly too. I hope John doesn’t harbor any intentions of shaving it; it’s quite nice when intact.
I grimace obligingly like I give a toss about the flowers or their color, and deliver the expected playact over dinner in which I try to futilely talk her into red roses or something that is apparently considered equally ludicrous for a wedding.
Jesus Christ, Ella is right, isn’t she.
God, that would be so much easier than… whatever this is. Not a conversation, certainly. I’m not smart enough to guess the exact words you would use. Not that it ever stops me from trying.
Received at 11:59
Well, that’s another sentence I never thought I would utter – or in this case write down – one day.
Her answering laugh is pure happiness, and I never,
“What happened to you while he was not here that you don’t want to share with him?”
“N-nothing specific, just… I just don’t feel like we have any… common ground anymore. Nothing left to discuss.”
No, stop. It doesn’t matter. If Greg knows, then… well. He might have a laugh. Behind my back, most likely. Worse things have happened to you, Watson.
Received at 23:17
Sent at 22:57
The next forty minutes are spent with companionable chatter, sprinkled with the occasional opponent bashing when it becomes apparent our team is going to lose. The conversation remains more or less centered around Sherlock, though. Greg tells me about the time they got several calls from concerned citizens about a man, who got on the tube coated in blood and wielding a harpoon (turned out to be Sherlock, of course), and I tell him about how Sherlock called his own hair thick, curly, and ‘quite nice’ while I was preparing to put superglue into his apparently luxurious locks.
John continues to work in silence, and I count three braids before he appears between me and the table, mumbling something about the angle, then resumes with a fourth braid. My sight is suddenly filled with the grey-blue wool of a frankly dreadful jumper, which I hope John chose to wear for its thick material and subsequent usefulness in hiding the gun against his lower back rather than visual appeal, because as far as presentation goes…
Received at 21:08
Received at 21:43
I lean in and reach for her frame blindly, manage to push a kiss against her shoulder, and my smile turns a tad more genuine against her skin. I love how she always seems to smell of strawberries. “Go back to sleep,” I say and she hums in approval, already settling back against my chest.
, Sherlock! Stop!”
Sent at 14:15
There is a wary look on Sherlock’s face, one that he has been wearing for the better part of the last hour, I think. I can’t recall how well he handled being touched just now, but I hope it was better than how he did with the blond doctor. He never flinched away, that at least I am sure of.
His eyes are cold but determined, his tone firm enough to be believable. He looks almost like the Sherlock I lost on the pavement in front of Barth, and I suspect the sting in my eyes is as much from grief as it is from relief.
Be good, Sherlock.
I have every intention to go to Mycroft (wherever he may be) as I step out into the street, only if to update him on the proper definition of
John pauses in his work with the antiseptic cream, but it’s brief, and he still doesn’t sound offended when he next speaks.
It’s hard to say whether that’s a command or a plea, but my answering nod must come across as a good enough promise because half an hour later Greg is back at the Yard, and my SIG is safely tucked away in my dresser, at the bottom of a drawer Mary would never look for.
Bingo.
Sherlock frowns, gracing Mike with an evaluating look, and I take the opportunity to try and announce my department again.
From: Mike Stamford, 22:17
He says all the wrong things without pausing to give them thought: says he
His cheekbones are sharper than in any of the memories usually playing on repeat at the back of my mind, and I can’t decide if there is a bruise under his eye or if it’s just a trick of the light. The collar of his coat is turned up, his hands buried deep in the pockets, and he’s hunched in on himself just a little like he’s trying to hide from the flashes of the cameras that cast minute shadows onto his features.
Received at 10:59
Well, I guess my thoughts must have shown quite clearly on my face because Sherlock is crossing his arms over his chest defensively, the movement made awkward due to his cast, but his eyes haven’t lost a bit from their wideness which kind of ruins the petulant look he is going for.
Oh John.
I don’t want to talk about bees. So I don’t.
You know all of that though, don’t you.
I find myself reaching behind my back for a gun that isn’t there for the second time in as many minutes.
The date of the wedding is getting nearer and nearer, and I still find myself unable to imagine it without you by my side.
, and then—
Dear Sherlock,
want to hear any other sounds for the rest of my life, except for maybe—
Dear Sherlock,
Fine. Yes. Very fine.
“I… sure.”
“Do you think so?” I blurt the question before my eyes could reach John again, John, who is looking down at me with… not contempt, not surprise, not exactly; this is something bigger, better, something
“I’m good,” I enunciate the words with more care than usual, testing them for cracks and breaks and chipped edges. I don’t find any, and the realization makes my smile widen. “I’m doing good, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Well, it is, isn’t it? What he does. Bloody humiliating, but amazing nonetheless.”
Received at 22:41
Received at 11:32
“The dressing on his back needs to be changed every other day,” the stranger addresses me as he reaches for a brown bottle on the table, and Sherlock’s gaze flickers up to his face just for a second, frowning in obvious confusion.
“Cancel your date, John,” I say with as much confidence as I dare to put into my hastily formed plan, and step into John’s space. He’s not backing away which is an excellent development, because it will make the logistics of this next bit all the more uncomplicated.
Sent at 19:30
I realize that my voice gets softer and softer as I keep talking, so I clear my throat and wash the words down with a rather large gulp of beer. After a moment of silence I chance a glance at Greg, who looks at me with a raised eyebrow.
“Yes,” I exclaim in a hurry, knowing exactly how the answer could be interpreted.
Three more boxes have been unpacked. Manila envelopes, printed medical journals, more books. Not enough to fill up the remaining shelves, or cover the desk even.
The tremor in my left hand is back. Oddly, I’m hoping your brother might actually have some useful insight on that, being the first one who picked up on its origin and all. Mary keeps assuring me she would be happy to have a groom with an ugly cane and a trembling hand at the altar, but if the presence of your brother could scare at least one of those features away temporarily, then I honestly wouldn’t mind having him at the reception.
“Oh John, you didn’t have to. It’s lovely, thank you.”
Not Mycroft, certainly.
“Yes.”
A single, pale peach colored rose is laying on the desk, no vase – woman around John’s age, possible coworker, second date. No great attachment, at least not yet.
I’m spending my Friday nights with people I barely know, buying drinks and junk food I can’t even afford at this point, all in the hopes of… what exactly? In the hopes that someone, who makes his lack of interest very clear with his absence every week, will suddenly change his mind after more than a month just because Mike says he might? I’ve been ignoring Harry, I’ve been ignoring my bills, and now I’m apparently ignoring leggy blonde waitresses too, all in favor of… what? A fantasy where I’m not close to being evicted from my bedsit? One where I’m not turned away from surgery after surgery because of my damned tremor? One where I’m not useless and not waking up with a scream caught in my throat every morning and where a supposed genius would look at me twice?
Received at 09:58
The full implications of what I agreed to hit me just as we reach Brixton, because god, civilian life will be so much more unsatisfying, downright
From: John Watson, 17:27
Sent at 22:53
John_
an achievement?
“Right,” John says, tone unreadable, then takes a step back with a decisive nod. “Good. You should avoid—“
“Hello Mike,” I greet him in what I hope is an amicable tone, and it must be working because Mike beams at me in turn.
“Sherlock! So good to see you, mate. Why don’t you pull up a chair and—”
“Sherlock, you should eat something before John gets here, you skipped lunch and— John! Oh dear, how good to see you! Here, have some biscuits, it’s not like Sherlock is going to eat them all, you know how finicky he is about these things. How are you John? I haven’t seen you in… gosh, months now isn’t it? Oh how time flies! How is Mary doing? Is her neck still giving her trouble?”
To: Mike Stamford, 07:21
I don’t know why that thought makes me as angry as it does, but the next thing I know I’m reaching for a painfully familiar handle and I don’t remember walking up the flight of steps behind me, much less closing the door downstairs.
“Reading, television, crime scenes. I’m aware.” I’m also aware that the corners of my mouth are doing things without my permission, but fortunately John’s face reflects the sentiment.
in his eyes.
“Sure, go ahead, I’ve got— damn it, there’s no paracetamol in here,” John mutters the last part while digging around the first aid kit, but Mike produces a blister pack from his coat pocket as he prepares to leave the pub. “Ah, great, thanks Mike!”
I never thought I’d say this about… well, anyone, really, but I think you’d like her. She bought me a pink cane and bribes me into using it in public, on occasion. It’s oddly fun.
Lestrade. Lestrade comes to Baker Street around noon, doesn’t find me there. Mrs. Hudson informs me as soon as I climb down from the roof, hours later, having figured out that ‘Rachel’ serves as a password for the victim’s find-my-phone account. Sentiment, probably.
wrong, and this is nothing like how our first face to face conversation should go after eighteen months.
Greg took my scarf (your scarf) and told me (screamed at me) that I had to stop waiting for you to come back, that I’m not being fair to myself, to Mary, to you. In my defense, I didn’t realize I was doing it.
capture his lower lip between my teeth before the meaning of the words register in his brain.
Sent at 17:49
“Mike,” I interrupt before he could go into any sort of detail about his assessment of John’s perceived behavior, because that would be a futile conversation and futile conversations are not to be had. “While I appreciate your… effort,” mostly, “I’d prefer it if you didn’t make plans to…
Is it because they are the easiest targets to spot in a crowd? That could be upsetting, I suppose. Someone should teach them how to avoid snipers.
Sent at 14:17
I manage a sound of what I hope is a vague agreement as I take a sip from my drink and hope that will be it, but alas, Greg has different plans.
Sent at 09:35
“So,” Lestrade hovers in the doorway after collecting the last of the documents, and I suddenly get the feeling this case was just some kind of test that is rapidly approaching its evaluation phase. “You look happy.”
John insist on searching the trash for the screwdriver so I lend him my leather gloves (“You shouldn’t be leaning forward with a con— after a
Sent at 15:11
“Yeah. Sounds alright.”
“We need your first aid kit. Or am I to understand that you don’t have one, as per regulation?”
“Why on earth not?”
so I’m going to do my best to deliver all that.
I smile in reassurance because Greg became a good friend over the last year, and he deserves better than a mate he constantly needs to worry about. I’m not his problem.
The first text is also from Lestrade; I skip that one in order to open the ones from John.
I think I’m ready to be happy again.
”), and he keeps praising my deductive skills all the way until he’s found the weapon, and then some more.
“I’m here as your doctor, nothing more! I’m not going to leave if you offend me – I’m going to leave when you’re
This earns me a raised eyebrow and a small pang of guilt, even though I haven’t directly lied to her. She just assumed Sherlock and I engage in the occasional small talk, and I didn’t see the point to correct her.
I tackled a stranger in a parking lot today. He didn’t even look that much like you.
“You said Sherlock was very careful not to push you into a meeting when he came back. Do you think—”
I don’t know what to do with that.
“Unlikely you’ve got an extended family, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses say it’s a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model’s only six month old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left
“Wasn’t much of an offer, really. ‘S not like he threatened to throw money at me.”
“John?”
I resist the urge to snort at his words. He has a doctor now, doesn’t he? I guess we’re not mentioning how said doctor just pushed him into a – for a lack of a better term – contained panic attack, or how Sherlock diffused it quietly, alone and with obviously practiced ease. Alright then.
Others bear far less weight, like that one time you turned up in my bed in the middle of the night, wrapped up in a gazillion sheets and shivering violently, claiming that "a fevered mind cannot be held accountable for navigating its owner to the wrong bedroom". You sneered at me when I offered to make you soup and nearly bit my hand off when I tried to take your temperature, but for all the bark and constant stream of complaints about my mattress and the ‘frankly offending’ volume I was breathing at, you still refused to move. You didn’t sleep a minute for five days afterwards, and I wish I had asked you why that was, while I still had the chance to ask you questions.
I trail off immediately when I see him.
“How’s your evening going?” I ask them with a deadpan expression, which earns a brief giggle from John before he smothers it with a pitifully transparent throat clearing. The corners of my mouth lift up.
Sent at 02:05
Yeah, because it won’t be awkward to start talking about bees out of the blue after three weeks of total, near stifling silence.
The shriek of the doorbell pulls me back into reality with a force that makes me jump, but I don’t bother with embarrassment because I see Sherlock flinch at the sound too.
Sent at 22:51
the words are meant to be delivered with an air of detachment, but while there is no resentment hollowing his baritone, there is something raw and open in there, like a bleeding wound, one that makes Sherlock sound like he swallowed gravel. He sounds… wrong.
Received at 09:30
Sent at 01:59
I take a deep breath and count to ten because I just came
“…was amazing.”
Definitely concussed.
As laughable as that idea is, I find myself surveying the occupants of the rest of the seats. Both Lestrade and Molly defer to Stamford’s judgement when it comes to interpersonal relations, and I cannot help the flicker of curiosity over the person he would perceive as a
He kept his right leg slightly bent in the bathtub. Not sure if it was an attempt to hide the reddened skin over his shin, or one to keep it out of the water, but in either case it didn’t work very well.
Seven missed calls. Five new messages.
“Hmm, yes you will. But as a more immediate retaliation,” she glances back at me over her shoulder, smirk softening the mock harshness of her words, “we are having pink peonies at the top table.”
“Right.”
“Come along, John!”
. Fuck.
Sent at 09:48
“I didn’t tell him you were coming,” the tone doesn’t hold the same edge as his stare does, but the car is joining the evening traffic at a haste before I can process the real meaning behind the words.
Sent at 20:29
Sent at 22:51
Received at 20:48
at one point… and exactly
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“You’re going to be here.”
“Sherlock, what—“ I start but the doorbell rings again, and Sherlock waves me away, putting several steps of distance between us.
“Sherlock? What are you doing here?”
Received at 22:17
Received at 20:34
Sent at 20:01
“Well,” he steps out into the street, gesturing towards the door, “up you go, John.”
“Here,” his hand disappears behind his back for a second, and when it reemerges something is shoved against the bare skin on my forearm. Something cold and metallic.
And the work always comes first.
“Good. Things are good.”
. No. John is a
with me?
“I don’t feel comfortable leaving you alone with a concussion. Is there—”
Sent at 01:50
“I’m sor—”
Also, not sure if I can safely rule the torture dungeon out of the options, so… no. I’m doing this alone.
I miss you Sherlock. I’m starting to realize that’s probably never going to change.
“And frankly, a bloody awful cabbie,” he adds after a short pause, and the laugh that’s been building since the moment I spotted John just won’t stay suppressed anymore, but I don’t care because John is laughing too so it must be okay.
“Sorry. I’ll shut up.”
“John. Hello.”
He wants to disagree with me, I can see it: he wants to tell me I’m wrong, that I didn’t
“I’m here to suck you off.”
Well. This didn’t go nearly as bad as I expected. I left the flat two days in a row. Socialized, even, on both accounts. Talked about football and a… semi-mutual acquaintance, drank a very moderate amount of alcohol, and I even managed to leave my gun behind at the bedsit today. I believe Ella would call this a moderate success, if she knew about my gun at all.
Greg punched me in the face. One minute we’re watching a game in a pub in peace and relative quiet, and the next I’m clutching at my bloodied nose and we’re being ushered outside by the staff.
Sincerely,
I’m not sure if the disdain in my voice is sufficient enough to forestall any objections Mike might pose to my request, but when I look up from the microscope he’s standing right next to me, and his contemplative expression morphs into something more frustrated, angry even, before smoothing back into a forced smile that doesn’t sit well with me at all. Is that it? Have I finally managed to offend Mike Stamford into running? Are the forced smiles all he’s ever going to greet me with from now on?
“I… of course sir, I’ll be right back.”
I’m going to visit your grave tomorrow morning, on your anniversary. I’ll bring you flowers you would sneer at and hate with a passion, and I will bring Mary along because… because.
saw the laptop on my desk, the red dot moving on the map as our cab drove away from Baker Street in the heavy evening traffic. Grabbed the laptop, caught himself a cab, followed the dot all the way here, saw me through the window preparing to take the pill, Hope holding a gun, and then…
Received at 22:18
need five stiches actually, since your hair grows a little bit every day, so—”
“I—wait, aren’t you coming? We need—“
His torso is an array of colors, purples mixed with greens and yellows, all deep bruising at different stages of healing. The right shoulder has got the worst of it – it’s a blackened mess from all angles, decorated with two tiny puncture marks at the collarbone and a thin line that used to be held together by five staples. Surgery incision.
“Mary is—“
“He gets vertigo, sometimes. It’s getting better.”
“Christ Sherlock, would you stop shouting—”
The surrounding tables go silent at Donovan’s screech, pints momentarily forgotten in favor of morbid curiosity as I push the aforementioned photograph under Lestrade’s nose. To his slight credit the D.I. doesn’t bat an eyelash at my unexpected arrival, he simply moves an arm around the piece of paper to shield it from view and sends a glare at the room at large – a silent command to the masses to mind their own business. It’s disappointingly ineffective.
“You need to go the A&E,” he states with an air of finality, like he expects me to obey without questions, and I realize that submitting to his brief physical assessment might have given the wrong impression. If I would stop being dizzy for just a minute, I might even be able to say what that impression was supposed to be, exactly.
Ella looks at me for a long minute, and I feel guiltily grateful for the sigh that means she is letting me off the hook.
Sent at 03:03
of all people! Hah.
“Not a synonym to the end of
“I often am. Rude, that is.”
I can’t help the giggle that escapes me, and I don’t even care that giggling is all I’ve seemed to be doing for the past few hours.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
. He… throws people together, in one capacity or another, and in most of the cases that seems to work out just fine, if Molly can be trusted to retain a reasonable amount of accuracy in her rather over romanticized depictions.
Received at 19:02
Oh, that’s clever John, very clever! The redhead waiter will think John is an inspector of some kind. The kind that inspects restaurants for… regulations. There is a term for that. I likely keep it in the attic though, with the rest of the drivel.
I feel my cheeks redden a bit – while Mike has been quite open about his match-making plans ever since he admitted to them after Sherlock’s first visit to the pub, discussing the matter feels a bit humiliating now that I’ve got a dose of the man’s brilliance firsthand. Forget leagues, Sherlock and I are not even on the same
“You’re late,” he says.
“—someone you can—”
And that’s that. No incessant questioning, no demands, not even a polite request to let him know next time if I can’t make it on time. I don’t have much of a chance to be discomfited by the very un-Sherlockian behavior though, because he quickly compensates by marching into the sitting room, stepping over the coffee table and flopping down onto the sofa. He’s barefoot, which should look at least a little bit silly with the charcoal grey suit he’s wearing, but the familiarity of those motions hits me hard enough that I feel no urge to crack a smile.
Sent at 04:35
Sent at 09:49
“He’s your assistant today. I’m not listening to you and Anderson go at it again if I don’t have to,” is Greg’s simple explanation, but I hardly think Sherlock will be more impressed with it than he is with my presence in general, and maybe I shouldn’t have come here without—
me to people again.”
Huh. I must have been pacing just outside 221B for longer than I thought.
I’m their friend? Who are ‘they’? Is John included in ‘them’? What are the minimum criteria of entering a friendship? Isn’t there a time limit? A minimum number of exchanged words?
There is that word again: bothering. He’s not
I’m already in bed when the thought occurs to me that it wouldn’t have been, two years ago. It wouldn’t have been awkward at all.
“I’ll meet you at the Yard, need to collect the evidence first. Go, for god’s sake!”
His voice is deep, deeper than I remembered, and I have to squeeze my eyes shut and concentrate on not throwing up on the worn rug because I
I refuse to look up but that doesn’t change the fact that Mike’s frown is practically
I wonder what he wants though, after falling off the radar – well,
“Um…” he looks around the scene once more, uncertain, then gives a decisive nod before braving one more glance at me. The last one he intends to send my way, I can tell. “Bye, Sherlock.”
“Your fiancé. Yes, I heard. Congratulations.”
I turn back to Sherlock but he’s no longer facing me, and my momentary shock is quickly replaced by worry when I see him tearing at his hair in agitation, muttering things like “goldfish” and “passing the time” and “the
“You’re not putting superglue in my hair.”
Sent at 03:02
By the time the game is over I find myself relaxing into the banter so much that I make the mistake of mentioning how Sherlock fell asleep mid-sentence in the cab, right on my shoulder.
Received at 21:35
“I’m not going to the A&E. Either do it, or let me go.”
“Let’s get this over with, shall we?”
Our wedding. In five months. With blush pink peonies, whatever on earth those may be.
I’m nearly asleep when the response comes, the bed creaking in protest as I reach for my phone in the darkness, squinting as the artificial light of the screen assaults my pupils.
for nearly three years now. Generally jovial, yet his current reaction seems overly hospitable compared to our previous encounters. Why?
To: +44-555-1172-031, 20:03
“—strong moral principle. You’re looking for a man, probably with a history of military service…”
“I can do that myself.”
Well. That doesn’t mean anything though, does it? Sherlock certainly proved tonight that Mike wasn’t exaggerating about his genius, and if a genius takes five minutes to notice your presence in a room that hardly carries a positive message, let alone an encouraging one. Whatever reasons he had for coming to the pub tonight, I definitely didn’t make the list.
I don’t have much to clean besides the hand, so I give the remaining sutures on his back a cursory wipe and start on drawing him a bath. Waist height, not too warm.
“Shot in the dark.” I shuffle in my seat uncomfortably, fighting the impulse to explain. Futile. That’s a battle I never win. “Good one, though. Power connection – tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge, but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them.”
My hands seem to find the places where antibiotic ointment should be applied without conscious though, which is good because the rest of my thoughts are busy picturing him huddled up in a corner, knees drawn up to his chest, shielding his head with his arm from the flames.
Incoming call at 20:43
? How long does it take for smoke inhalation to—
Let me know what you think.
police, and this is it, this is so much better than Afghanistan, this is
No direct contact with fire, which is almost worse because the exposure to the heat must have lasted long enough to burn away the dermis. One minute? Three?
“Right,” I manage after a minute of horrid, pitiful silence, averting my eyes so I wouldn’t have to watch Sherlock
I’ll have to ask her later how old I am this year.
“Can’t say I have,” his smile is evident in his voice again. “The worst I had to make do with was dental floss... Aaand we’re done.”
Received at 02:58
When I decided John needed to go, and sent him off with the same exact words. Stupid.
Received at 23:40
It… what?
Hah. John is acting like he doesn’t know me at all.
Oh. Alright then.
“Let’s go.”
Sent at 23:19
“Sherlock, what are y— oh Christ, are you out of your mind? Stop that right now! Put it out Sherlock, put it out!”
I thought he was dead for one year, four months, twenty-nine days and four hours, but I know correcting Ella would be the wrong move. She’d scribble down something about obsessive behavior, and I’m supposed to be way past that phase.
“How’d that go for you?”
Received at 22:48
implication right there is not something I’m willing to take, not even from Sherlock Holmes, because I may be invalided, I may be limping and scarred and too broken to remain a surgeon, but being a doctor is the one area where I am – and where I always will be:
“And you’ve invaded Afghanistan.”
Mary ups the volume a few notches but all I can hear is a constant buzz and my own quickening heartbeat, because he’s wearing
Or desperation. Either is equally likely, at the moment.
Mrs. Hudson makes up for all the lost opportunities to chat with me within a few minutes, asking about the clinic and Mary and supplying me with the latest updates about Mrs. Turner’s knee surgery and gossip about her beloved tenants and their rumored plans of adopting a child. Sherlock is careful to keep his eyes on his phone until she leaves, but the tension in his muscles as I start on his back reminds me of our first encounter with the blond medic, and that makes me feel like we entered a minefield for more reasons than one. I clear my throat to catch his attention, but he doesn’t tear his gaze away from the small screen.
“Amazing?”
“Perhaps. In either case, this would be an acceptable alternative, I suppose.”
Today then.
I take a deep breath and prepare to walk him through the sheer lunacy the Yard deemed worthy of the label ‘police work’ while investigating the Hopkins case, but Donovan insists on wasting precious air on forming words
It might restore only fifty.
Sent at 21:27
“No, no need for that, our friend here just injured himself and we need—”
to do so? Who is he to talk – he, who hasn’t even
Received at 01:46
I must look as confused as I suddenly feel, because Greg laughs at my expression.
where to find me when not even the Yard does. How then—
Feedback is always welcome. :)
Received at 09:30
“You’re bleeding,” he says as he pushes gentle fingers behind my left ear, and indeed, they come away red. Not surprising, with the force of the blow Hart dealt, although it’s a little disconcerting that I didn’t feel any blood trickling down my neck up until now.
“It’s not a
Sent at 23:55
Received at 09:30
“Yeah, it really is,” he’s grinning again, slumping back into his chair with a sigh. “So tell me, did he say anything worthy of blackmail while he was concussed? I have been trying to get him drunk for
Sent at 23:49
Received at 23:53
Mycroft makes a show of dragging his eyes away from his watch and graces me with a scolding glare, which, okay, no. I’m not the one who spent more than a year pretending to be dead, so if Mycroft thinks he can make me feel
Received at 21:11
“Where is Lestrade?”
death overshadowed such intricacies for a while, back then.
I know what this conference is about. They must be announcing Moriarty’s death. Clearing Sherlock’s name. Of course he’s there. Why wouldn’t he be? It makes sense that he’s there.
His trademark curls are gone. The bird’s nest that used to make him look deceptively young has been replaced with a shorter, close cropped cut barely a fingerbreadth in length, with a distinct lack of styling that gives the impression his hair is just growing back after being shaved off completely. His forehead is too high for this hairstyle to be anything but unflattering on him, and yet…
From: John Watson, 14:58
I take a shuddering breath and open the door in a now uncomfortable daze, surprised to find Angelo standing there.
Sent at 22:42
Mary takes notice within the first two minutes of entering my flat. Of course she does.
At first I’m not sure who the man is talking to, but the mention of Afghanistan would be too coincidental to be addressed to someone else, so when the other occupants of the table offer no reply I look up at the detective in confusion.
I’m halfway down the stairs when I’m hit by the strong sense of something
Sherlock, I cannot envision a future without Mary.
A white piece of plaster is pressed onto the skin above Sherlock’s shoulder, and the blond man starts to gather his supplies from the coffee table before I can start translating my thoughts into spoken words.
Received at 23:56
him to disagree, to fight for his truth, but his frown turns conflicted – he’s reluctant, and the quite ‘okay’ he breathes after some hesitation feels like defeat.
Dear Sherlock,
, that was…
Received at 09:30
I only noticed ten minutes ago.
“Yes,” I reply to Lestrade’s inquiry in a haste, unwilling to tear my gaze away from the blond man.
Military background. Crack shot, fighter, strong moral principle. Nerves of steel.
Received at 14:33
“John?”
“Well, you
The pub comes alive with a roar the moment the ball passes the goal line, and Greg claps me on the back with a hearty shout, making me splash the table with beer as I stumble forward a bit from the force. He doesn’t apologize and we grin at each other madly, and for a moment things feel almost… good. Normal.
Received at 23:45
Ella keeps saying London is a city full of possibilities. What a joke. Baker Street is cold and alien when I step out onto the pavement, not at all like it has been mere minutes ago. The colors are dull and washed out, almost grey in their lack of intensity.
“Obviously.”
“Right,” he shuffles his feet awkwardly after I ring the bell – forgot my keys again – and slowly, cautiously, withdraws his hand from my coat. “Do you, um… is there someone—”
go without turning back just once more, without making sure he’s there and real and breathing, without making sure he’s not going to disappear the moment I take a step outside. There go all those promises to myself about keeping things levelheaded and rational. Laughable, that’s what I am.
Received at 03:07
start paying attention to the way Sherlock’s right shoulder seems to sit lower than the other when the screen switches to a newscaster with blonde hair and startlingly pink lipstick, but her lips are moving too fast and how dare she take over the screen when I needed just a little more time, just one more minute with Sherlock, and why is it always, always pink when it comes to—
I don’t know what Mike was even thinking in the first place, honestly. What felt like an exciting prospect of getting to know someone new, someone
“So he told you about his Mind Palace thing?”
I take a deep breath and hold it for four seconds, like Ella taught, exhale on five, six, seven, eight; hold, ten, eleven, twelve. Inhale on one, two, three, four…
Sherlock’s answer is accompanied with a shrug that doesn’t include his right shoulder nowhere near as much as it should, but his words make something in me uncoil nonetheless. Something rather enormous, apparently, if my chest’s freshly regained ability to expand to its full extent is anything to go by.
Sent at 10:10
Sent at 23:45
, but Sherlock seems to understand because he doesn’t stop coming closer. My hands are flattened to the wall by my thighs, not daring to move an inch lest they startle Sherlock into retreat, but his gaze focuses on my mouth as he lick his lips, that beautiful arch of his Cupid’s bow glistening in the low light, and he’s ducking his head now, nearly there, closing the gap as he says:
On an impulse I grab his biceps and lean in to whisper directly against his mouth, watching his pupils dilate at the proximity, and I desperately hope he will
Sent at 02:02
“Not until you can stand straight on your own, you can’t.”
Received at 21:59
Received at 01:54
She must think so too because she leaves in a huff, murmuring obscenities under her breath, clearly taking offence to John’s changed demeanor. Excellent.
. Nobody has ever shot someone to save me from bodily harm. John is the shooter.
Received at 22:51
Received at 23:23
The good and the bad memories don’t seem that different now. They just… hurt. Ella says that’s normal. But then again, she says ‘that’s normal’ for nearly everything.
Sent at 23:58
God, it’s like Mike doesn’t know me
And god, is that a terrible feeling.
I know. I spent half the day trying to talk myself out of coming here at all. If it wasn’t for Mary I’d be still at home, preparing dinner with a considerably lower heart rate and infinitely less anxiety – calmer and safer and filled with regrets, no doubt.
Oh, Sherlock.
Received at 14:27
I nod quickly but the doctor doesn’t acknowledge my response in his apparent haste to leave the flat – something I can’t entirely fault him for – and the next moment the door is clicking shut behind his back and all there is left is the stale air and silence and my desperate attempt at looking casual in the midst of unopened boxes and Sherlock.
Sent at 20:58
Received at 22:48
panic – when I realized the red liquid was actually
John looks disappointed but is quick to masks it with a polite smile, and that slip of composure shouldn’t tell me anything new about the nature of his interest, yet all of a sudden I can feel my pulse accelerate with a rush of adrenaline, which is an entirely unwarranted reaction on my side, because… honestly.
, but I don’t get any further than the Gents’ at the corner pub next to the tube station. Around the second hour the sounds of retching alarms the other patrons enough to notify the owner, who none too gently asks me whether he should call an ambulance or the police to get me out of there.
Sent at 23:38
The last sentence is directed at Sherlock, who glares at the man – blond, blue eyes, taller than me but wouldn’t stand a chance in a fight – and the viciousness of that stare puts me more at ease than the scattered evidence of the process my arrival interrupted ever could.
John pushes two white, round pills into my left hand and a glass of water into the right. His palm covers my fingers for a second, not letting go until he’s confident the glass is secure in my grip. I swallow the pills dry before I realize what I’m doing, but I decide to take a few sips of the water under the weight of John’s glare. He did go into some trouble for acquiring it for me, after all. Probably. I didn’t see where he got it from. He could be poisoning me right now.
Sent at 23:19
John must have a concussion too, because not five minutes later we are sitting in a cab, side by side, as he listens (actually
This fact is further supported by his befuddlement when I inquire about possible sightings of the shooter, of whom we know absolutely nothing about if the D.I. is to be believed, and I can’t help but wonder how the man manages to survive in his continuous state of perplexity. It’s quite the feat, really.
Lestrade squints at the blurry picture before appraising me with a questioning look, finally realizing the photo was not included in any of the folders he gave me. Good.
I might have to keep his violin for good.
He turned to his home, knowing he would not be seeing it again until after the executions. He wanted nothing more than to take refuge behind her walls, and let his wife care for him, perhaps invite guests over to celebrate the turning of the seasons. He touched the door in silent prayer for the safety of all within, as he did every time he left. Knowing that the one person he would wish for safety would be dead at the change of the moon. He held his head high, knowing that he could never show the trial that weighed on his heart. He started the short trek to the Curia, and the Palace after the close of the Senate for the evening. His boy silently joined him, the sack Anthea had prepared slung over his shoulder. He rested a hand gently on the child’s head in acknowledgement as he walked.
He looked on, maintaining a calm demeanor as the younger man paced frantically around the room spinning to face his brother. The broken look in the young man’s eyes tore at his brother’s heart, but he couldn't allow that to show.
In a mark she would belong to a man, she had never met. She would have to find ways to hold onto any freedom she wished to maintain.
“needs me to attend the palace quickly, with no one knowing why I am rushing to his side” Molli replied quickly “If I openly run with tools to assist a difficult birth, none will suspect the emperor has fallen victim, and if the gods call him, it can be said that they also called the child that I tried to save. So no suspicion of treachery is laid at your feet or mine”
Mycroft groans as John strokes his manhood, while he speaks.  Mycroft's mind takes him to fantasies that he had not allowed himself to consider mere moons ago. John takes a cushion from the bed and  places it  on the floor in front of the taller man, and unties Mycroft's sash, slipping his robe off of his shoulders with practiced ease. He kisses the exposed flesh reverently as he examines the naked man in front of him. He drops to his knees and takes the other man into his mouth, his tongue dancing over to hot, velvety, tender flesh before him. Mycroft throws his head back in pleasure, his hand winding into the hair of the man kneeling before him.  John reaches up and braces the other man with one hand, allowing him to simply enjoy what was being offered, without fear of losing his balance. With the other hand he reaches around the man's leg and strokes the firm globe of the taller man's buttock. Pulling off gently with a sly smile he reaches for the oil that Mycroft always has next to his bed, and pours some onto his finger making sure the other man could see everything. Of course he would know what John has planned. He pulls Mycroft back to him, fitting his hard member back into his mouth, as he slides his oil drenched fingers into the other man's puckered entrance. Stroking gently as he fingers him open enough to reach the small spot that would amplify the pleasure he was giving the other man.
“The banquet today, so a few hours ago”
She left the mother and child, and went to her slaves’ room both were awake. They knew the life of a healer as well as she did. Both were already in motion “go, rest.” The old  woman insisted softly “we will wake you before the father returns, until then there is nothing you can do, we will have the room set” Molli nodded, she knew to sleep when the opportunity presented itself.
“Bring boiled water and blankets” Molli said quietly exhaustion sounding in her voice “let no one enter the family wing”
Molli pulled out some clean clothes and thought about sending the girls out to wash, she figured they could wait a few more days, but the life of a healer meant that you could never take time for granted. She called John and Martha out to the garden to help cut herbs, as the three of them were the only ones that knew how to treat medicinal herbs. She planned on teaching the slaves purchased with John to read and write so she could at least get some help with labeling them. Sometimes she wondered if she shouldn’t purchase a youngster or two to teach the skills that she would never be able to pass on to a child, as no suitor would look at a woman that lead such a disgraceful lifestyle as to have a profession of her own. Not that she would ever want a husband to control her and take her work from her. That would be absurd. What man would want a wife like her? No she was never going to teach a child of her own the gifts of medicine, but maybe she and John could teach a slave child, or an orphan. She would have to discuss that with him, after they settled in for the night. It wasn’t spoken of, but as a slave it was not unheard of that he knew her. She wondered briefly as she cut some fenugreek and placed it in a basket to sort, what he would be like. She knew what he was like as a healer, and she had seen his scars and knew that some of them had to be earned in battle, so a soldier as well, he was a kind man with a strong sense of morality, she looked over at him as he cut a few more stems and placed them. His eyes drifted to hers, and he looked at her as if trying to read her mind, Molli blushed a bright crimson causing John to laugh cheerfully. “I would deny you nothing, mistress” he said smiling “though today perhaps a better use of my body is simply to bring you comfort. If that is your wish”
Mycroft sat next to Caesar, speaking of the event of the day. He poured wine for his Emperor, allowing no hand but his own to touch Caesar’s goblet. Caesar could tell that he wished to make a request of him. Mycroft always showed him, before he asked. That was one of the things Caesar appreciated about the man. He always knew what to expect from him, that and Mycroft’s ambition was to be the most important person you would never know, and Caesar thought a bit ruefully, he likely was. He was invaluable, and brilliant, but he never wanted anyone to know his true power. Very few in the Senate even knew how he pulled strings in their own ranks, with Caesar, and even in the military. The man was a marvel, but because of that, he was entirely loyal. His power was tied to the power of the men he influenced, perhaps controlled was a better term. Caesar smiled, he should be offended by the thought of being controlled by such a man, but the reality was that Mycroft was privately ambitious, remarkably gifted in both intellect as well as the understanding of the ways of men and women, and had tied his ambition to the throne. He was Caesars man, in every possible way.
Caesar ran his finger gently through Mycroft’s hair. He knew how it felt to lose a man under your command. The Praetorians standing guard over the men, looked on in sympathy, and respect. They had also lost men trusted to their care, and knew the heart sickness of grief that came with it. Mycroft leaned into the other man’s caress, taking comfort in the warmth, and affection being offered.
John looked around surprised to see a normal looking house on the outskirts of town. The slaves were guided into the house. He couldn’t wrap his mind around what was happening. They should have been driven to the arena.
“so what if she can ease the birth of a child, any woman could do that!” he spat “why does that mean that she is allowed to get in my way? You have children that are likely to reach adulthood. So why saddle me with a woman to try to appease, before i am allowed to carry on my work?” Mycroft was becoming rather amused at his brother's ravings, rather than the normal exasperation. That fact caused Sherlock to stop and consider that his brother had information he was withholding. Sherlock knew that there was no way his brother would change his mind, when he saw the look in his eyes that reminded him of his childhood, when Mycroft would catch him doing something he thought clever but the older boy knew to be a childish ploy. He would just have to figure a way to deal with this farce, he wouldn't even need to speak with the woman if he made her, with child quickly, and it wasn't as if he would be forbidden anything. He would just need to establish the order of the household as soon as they were wed.  which from the speech Caesar had issued was to be very soon. He needed to think of what he would tell her, and what he would, graciously allow her, in order to keep her out of his way. Of course he would allow her to continue as a midwife. perhaps that would keep her busy,  or at least out of his hair long enough to get real work done, she may even have access to herbs that could prove useful. Best not get his hopes up too high, he thought, she likely wasn't useful for much.
He smiled to himself again; the woman really was a wonder.
He briefly considered his bride, no one would tell him anything about her, even though it was apparent that Anthea knew her well enough to answer the questions asked. All Mycroft would tell him was that she was “pretty enough, for a woman” and that he would “understand why he had decided upon this union, soon enough” of course he wasn't allowed to speak with her, or even see her before they were wed, everyone assumed he would run out on the union. perhaps he would at that, he could always go to Egypt, as the woman that worked with Gregory was from.  He thought briefly of the shrew of a woman that she was, she was convinced that he would murder his bride before the week was out. More likely she will murder me in that time, he thought. He was under no illusions, he was not an easy person to live with. Perhaps, he thought, that would be the key. He could set her up in a house that she could live in and work out of. As soon as she was with child he would buy her slaves, he would find a wet nurse, so the child would be cared for, and she would never need think of either of them, unless she wished to. Of course he would have to attend functions with her, and provide her children enough to live to adulthood, and provide for her care and the care of any children she were to bare, and if he were truly lucky, she would find a suitable slave and he would not be required to touch her after the first time.
~*~*~*~*~
“not likely, and less likely the combination would be given. Either one could easily kill a woman on their own, and the combination was almost guaranteed to. Someone wanted her dead, though if she had survived the child wouldn't have, so that could be a factor”
As soon as he finished the vial she spoke quietly to him, “I need to examine the boy. I can do things to buy you a bit of time, but if you are to live I have to start with him” she rested her hand on his brow, and felt his wrist before moving over to the boy.
“he is awake enough to hear, and does find it humorous” Caesar said without opening his eyes
~*~*~*~
Sherlock held john on his lap as he stroked him, John's arms wrapped around his neck. Kissing his Omega gently as he came for the third time. Sherlock held him tighter and let him come down from the orgasm. His own erection ignored in favor of his lover's needs, but it was beginning to become painful. “do you need another?” he asked the smaller man. John shook his head, Sherlock gently lifted him off of his lap. He stood to leave the room, to take care of himself as John's hand reached out and grabbed his arm.
Donovan and an Alpha were standing at the base of the stairs, “no one answered from that flat”
The guard looked at the cooks and the pot slave “if the boy and Caesar both survive this, you will as well, but if either of them die I will assume that one of you had something to do with their condition and all three of you will die. So I suggest that all three of you do everything in your power to keep them alive” as he knelt next to the boy and propped his head, he tilted his flask to the boy’s mouth giving him a small sip of water, before wrapping him in a blanket and trying to make him comfortable.
“My brother” he started “he wishes to speak to the condemned, before his death”
“Is there any way I could see him, just once more before he dies?” Sherlock asked, without facing his brother. His hand stretched before him, against the wall, as if holding himself up on it, his head hung dejectedly, his eyes closed in pain, his voice shaking. Mycroft crossed the room and placed a gentle hand on his brother’s back, he rested his head gently on the younger man’s shoulder. “I need to tell him, I need to see him and touch him one last time. I need to beg his forgiveness” his voice soft and pained
“If any can, it would be her, I have seen a child saved that the gods had called.” Caesar said sitting up in his bed “if the gods will it we may both be saved” he gestured to the boy in the corner
“If I can transfuse enough safe blood into him quickly and keep doing so every other day for the fortnight, he may yet survive” Molli told him
“She, can she save the emperor” Mycroft corrected
“It is the Jew, you think of.” Caesar knew Mycroft well enough not to need an answer. In the man’s defense he never denied it. “Were there anything I could do.” He said quietly running a hand down Mycroft’s arm. “I even thought to gift him to you, or your brother as a slave” he shook his head. Mycroft understood, and the fact that Caesar had even considered saving John for his sake, even if it was hopeless, at least he knew that his emperor cared about his plight. Mycroft touched the other man’s hand, stilling it on his arm.
Mycroft just smiled at him “you will see, brother mine after the wedding” he said “but” he added, "you will marry the girl, and do your duty to; our family, the gods, and the empire first".
John opened his eyes, when the door opened, it was dark in the pits, but that was hardly a surprise, it was always dark in the pits
Molli nodded taking down another bottle and placing it in her bags. “Martha” she called out “I need the birthing blanket, and tools”
Both men laugh at that, John has enough alcohol running through him that he is starting to relax. One thing he was glad that he got from his father, he was a happy drunk. Harry was an angry person, and his mother would get bitter, but the two Watson men turned into preteen girls whenever alcohol was added.
I have not forgotten this, between work, kids, chemo, new laptop, and writer's block it took far longer than it should have, and I am sorry
Mycroft sighed in relief
“not alone, no, but in combination they can, and this says the victim was with child, those are the herbs most often used to poison the child. It is easy for them to be administered incorrectly and kill the mother” she replied calmly handing him back the notes. “if I had seen the body I could find out exactly what was used, but .. “ she let the sentence trail off.
“Now what?” she asked “if nothing else happens they will both recover with no ill effects. Who do we say I was called to attend upon?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What else can I do?” Sherlock asked, his head resting on his brother’s thigh tears filling his eyes, in a rare display of emotion.
At the name, Caesar nodded, his face concerned
“Think, Sherlock” Mycroft said, exasperation getting the better of him “what household would I decide you could be happy in? what kind of woman would you imagine I would choose to be your bride?  Why would I allow, let alone ask Caesar to bind our family to
The guard let himself in to Caesar’s rooms through the servant’s halls, to avoid questioning eyes, his most loyal men following closely in his wake. Caesar woke and looked at him, betrayal written on his face “we have no time. My men are bringing your taster up now. He has been poisoned. Whom shall we bring to your side, my emperor?”
She would become her husband's property.
Sherlock nodded at that
“Is she safe here Mycroft” John asked seriously, turning in the other man's arms “I have sworn that I will keep her safe,  swear to me and I will be yours until she calls”
He stood looking at the boy on the ground, his small frame wracked in pain.
the boy led them to Mycroft's suites asking John to stay behind as he took Martha to attend to Molli
Molli nodded her head cautiously, not sure if she wanted him to see her interest or not. He looked harmless, and that fascinated her, but there was something about him that she couldn't quite place.
“Who is like unto the Gods?” the man asks with a smile.
so, on the long list of why cancer is annoying AF
“what situation is that, brother” Sherlock snapped back, much like a caged animal trying to threaten his captors.
“One of your illustrious Centurions, requests audience”
Caesar sat behind him, never breaching his sight, as to not shatter the illusion that it was another man dripping olive oil over his length, stroking it, as he held him against the solid weight of his chest. Mycroft’s head was thrown back as he gasped in relief. This was not about pleasure, it was about forgetting, it was about removing himself from the world for a few moments, and it was all the man could give his friend. His hands and lips working over Mycroft’s body, wringing every sensation possible out of the man, he would not speak a word, he knew what Mycroft needed to release himself from the prison of his own mind. He had seen the man go stiff when he had given the order, he wished that his power was more assured, that he would have been able to indenture the man for a few years into the hands of the brothers. He could feel Mycroft’s body react under his hand, he could feel his hardness throbbing with his impending release; he kissed at the other man’s shoulder breathing carefully across his throat from behind. Mycroft’s breath caught as his climax stole over him, the man behind him not allowing him to turn his head. Mycroft felt a single hot tear trace down his face, his grief, his despair and his pain all unable to be contained anymore. He would not allow himself more than that brief moment to show any weakness in public. He closed his eyes and laid his head back against the solid body behind him, his mind replaced the room with his chamber at home, and the smell of the man for the faint trace of exotic spice that surrounds John. Pulling his robe closed, and allowing the comfort of the other man to support him, he would be in Caesar’s place after sunrise, when the executions were to occur. He would be the one, holding and supporting his younger brother, after the death of the man they both love.
“We can see to the patients we have now, and after we can take the evening to relax” John said after the boy left “if only to make sure you are ready to meet with Caesar tomorrow” he set his hands on her hips gently. “Wouldn’t do to let you get cold before such an important meeting” he spoke softly into her ear, laughing again at the rise of colour that graced her cheeks.
Back in the hallway Lestrade got a phone call, “Anderson said he could smell an Omega in heat coming from under the flat they are in” he told Sherlock as he ran down the stairs, Sherlock easily overtaking him in a race to find his bond mate.
Mycroft walked regally into the small temple of Pluto. His brother standing at his side, he placed a ring in front of the alter in the offering plate, of the finest gold, and clearest gem he could find. His brother placed a similar clasp next to it. The priest of Pluto stepped into the room. “I thought I had heard the door open” he smiled at the men. “I should have expected it would be you, most fear Lord Pluto too much to do more than toss a coin or two at his feast.”
everyone agreed the ceremony was beautiful, the bride and groom spoke their vows perfectly, even if they  seemed to lack inflection. The priests blessed the union. They exchanged their signate rings,  Molli had been given a new set , befitting a daughter of Caesar. The doves were released, and flew off into the sky together. Everything was perfect. When she lifted the veil he saw her for the first time, she was pleasant enough to look at, no great beauty but, not what he was afraid he would see from a woman that was unwed at their ages. She seemed to find him pleasing enough, which he found strangely relieving.
“stay, please” he asked.
Molli stood in the room that Anthea had set aside for her use and stared at the wall. She was to be wed to a noble, the brother of Caesar's trusted adviser. She had even been adopted into Caesar's household, though that likely wouldn't mean much as long as her husband ruled her. She had protections, if he abandoned her or if he died. She looked over the scrolls again, the marriage contract that Caesar had signed as her father, allowed her to divorce and find a love match, if her husband failed to give her a child within the first two years. She would also keep everything she had now and all of Caesar's gifts to her, as well as any payments from her own work, if her husband set her aside. She knew the herbs to take to prevent conception, and to end a pregnancy before anyone but she, would even know it had begun. She hated thinking of the latter, but if the man that was to be her husband was unbearable, she would do it. Of course, if he was cruel to her, or tried to keep her from her work, there were other herbs that would assist with that. She shuddered at  the thought of what she may be forced to do. As a healer it went against everything she believed. She would pray the gods' forgiveness for even thinking of what she would do. Perhaps he was like most of the nobility, interested only in his own amusement. If so, she  would buy slave girls and perhaps boys, that were beautiful enough to hold his interest. She would only need to see him when they lay together. As long as she could leave him to his own interests, she would be fine. If he was an easily controlled simpleton, she could even become with child with John. They looked enough of a kind that anyone would only think a child took after their mother. She closed her eyes, preparing herself for what awaited her, in only a few days time. She would come out ahead of this, she hoped.
She nodded blankly as the girls dressed her.
The gods must have found favor with the pair as they made it to Caesar’s room without incident. They opened the door to Caesar’s room, and Molli walked in quickly looking around and taking stock of the situation.  Mycroft sat near the bed watching every move she made “I need water quickly” she snapped at the guard that accompanied her, as she opened her bag and started pulling out bottles and vials.
“Is the wine to your liking?” he asked using no honorifics, or titles. They were friends, and they were in Caesar’s private suite.
add that there is little time to write, and when you have time keeping a coherent thought is hard
“Let me help you get home, wouldn’t want you getting hurt on the way” the Alpha said into John’s ear making him shiver at the close contact. He helped guide John out the door and led him to his car. He helped John into the passenger seat climbing into the driver seat and turning on the engine. He smiled slightly at John who was having a hard time staying awake as the alpha turned into traffic.
Molli stood at the threshold of her house and offered a silent prayer of thanks and protection, for those that were within. John opened the door smiling at her, as he wiped his hands on a rag. “The little one is sleeping, I just finished his blood treatment. If God is willing, this should be his last. I just sent the old man off with his tincture, and the girl with the spider bite is resting. Everyone here is doing well and we even got to bed at a decent hour this morning.” John joked lightly. He had come far in the weeks that he had been in her household, he was much more relaxed and if it wasn’t as exciting as he wished for, it was still good work. He felt useful, and even needed Molli and her household were grateful for the extra help from a trained healer and he was learning new techniques, as well as teaching some. This was the first time Molli had ever worked with another healer that treated her as an equal, and even though he was a slave he was nothing less, in her house, than a partner in medicine.
“My son was born not 10 days ago. He started bruising and a rash appeared across his body, he refused to nurse at his mother’s breast, the midwife called it the wasting disease. My wife and I took him to a healer that said that she can save him, if we can find men or women that when their blood is touched to a cloth, it turns orange. I do not lead so many men that I can find enough to save my son. I beg of you Caesar, please grant me access to the slave pits. That I may find enough that my son could live”
Both men ran up the steps to the flat, along with several other officers. “We are looking for John. he may be going into heat by now so any Alpha should be able to smell him” Lestrade said to the team “all we need to do is get an Alpha into the front room, if they can’t smell him move to the next flat. Notify me of any flats that they don’t open the door. The GPS says he is in this building but we don’t know which flat. Call me if you find him” he nodded to Sherlock and the two of them headed to the top while the other two teams took their floors. Sherlock headed to one door Lestrade knocking at the other the first opened Sherlock told the older woman that they were looking for someone, and asked if she had seen him. Pulling out a picture he stepped into her front room, sniffed the air, and left.
~*~*~*~*~
The boy was the greater concern, he was not fairing as well as the emperor. That was only to be expected, as the child was smaller and much more fragile than the strong man in the bed.
The man nodded “we can’t have word of this incident reaching the wrong ears”
Molli grabbed the arm of the guard and raced through the streets to the palace. To the young man’s amazement the few people they passed so late in the night all made a sign of blessing, believing that they were trying to save the life of a mother and babe, not of emperor of Rome himself. Heartened the young guard ran faster knowing that the girl with him was correct, the foresight she showed may give them the edge to save the emperor.
The Centurion nodded “she is said to be the daughter of Apollo himself”
“I hear and obey” Molli said ritualistically hoping that there wouldn’t be another crisis, as she didn’t want to stretch John too thin.
John was sitting at the pub nursing a drink. He still couldn’t figure out why Sherlock still didn’t seem to understand why he would get upset over things like body parts in the fridge. This was their most common fight. He sat lamenting the current crisis. "honestly how many left feet did the man need, and would it kill him to properly clean up after his experiments?" he complained. The bar tender was probably used to listening to him bemoan body parts in all corners of the flat, but he still listened cheerfully.
The household was used to being woken in the night by a frantic knock. So when the old slave opened the door and bid the young guard welcome, Molli was already on her way to the apothecary. She motioned for the young man to follow. He ran to keep up with the young woman “It’s the emperor” he said quietly “he and his food taster have been poisoned”
A few minutes later and Lestrade got a text from a blocked number, with GPS coordinates Sherlock threw the door open and shouted “we found him”
The Praetor nodded “bring them” he said to one of his men “and take note of any who see you walking the halls”
“Shall I prepare for you to depart to the Curia?” she asked softly
When he had company, to seduce a man that caught his eye, she would often entertain their wives with such skill that the women were as thrilled as their husbands to attend upon his home again. Though recently she hasn’t needed to as his Praetorian Guard's wife is unwilling to join her husband on his visits to the noble’s home. He knew that it was because she had her own lovers, and was wondering how they were going to react to finding out about each other, he would almost be willing to sell seats at the coliseum for that show. That thought, would normally cheer him, today it filled him with pain. Knowing that John would be executed in the coliseum so soon, caused him an ache that would take a long time to heal, if it ever did. He vowed to himself that he would not blame his brother for John’s death, John made his decision. He followed Sherlock as he always did, in body, in mind and in spirit, as he had always done, that this time it ended in the death of a Roman citizen, was as much John’s fault as Sherlock’s.
Mycroft lost himself to the wet heat surrounding himself,  as his pleasure broke over him like a wave. He stifled his cry, by biting his lip
More than a day after Molli had been summoned to the palace, the babe was born, the mother recovering in the royal nursery, the empress was asleep in her own bed, the food taster was sleeping peacefully, the emperor had already announced the birth of a daughter; and she was packing up her tools and herbs. Her small hands shook in exhaustion, she didn’t hear the door open behind her, nor did she pay any mind to the soft footfalls. Her head sagged in sheer, bone deep weariness, until she felt a soft hand touch her between the shoulders. She startled and looked into the face of, Lord Mycroft’s wife “I beg forgiveness” she stammered “I did not expect anyone else to be in here.” Her voice shook with exhaustion
The Centurion nodded and ran from the room, the cloth held tightly to his chest. His eyes determined his manner sure, a warrior going to command his troops and win a battle, even if the battle was inside the small body of a new babe.
Caesar nodded to the Praetor, “It shall be so” he said sadly
Not one of them could fault Sherlock for the violence with which he attacked the man that had hurt his bond mate. Neither Sherlock nor John showed any sign of having heard what had been said in their defense. John leaned into his Alpha “Sherlock?” he said in wonder “I am so sorry”
“If it is in my power to give you, It will be done” the man said quietly to Mycroft
Should he lay out his plan for their union tonight, or tomorrow? Did he even know what his plan was? Should he start by asking, explaining, or demanding? She was bound to hate him soon, and he would find her tedious, but they were to be bound together, before evening. Apparently Mycronft was taking no chances with this, he refused to allow sherlock the opportunity to change his mind, thus the timing of the ceremony?
She walked along the rows of booths, and vendors selling their wares for the upcoming festival, her slave following a polite step behind. She walked quickly and with a purpose, knowing what she was looking for, a few of the men turned their backs, so not to see a single woman walking the market unaccompanied. Some out of respect for a woman that had saved them, or a family member, some with disdain, that a woman would dare to act as if she were a man, with the right to attend to business on her own. There was a rumor that she was born of mighty Apollo, or perhaps Mercury, as she was able to save those that other healers called good. None would openly curse her, for fear of offending the Gods, but they would treat her with disdain for not behaving as the Gods called woman to be. The man at the booth she walked to, placed a sack on the table set for such reason, her slave picked up the sack and opened it, the woman looked inside and nodded, placing a few coins on the bench she left without speaking a word to the man, as was proper. She stopped at a few more booths, with similar motions, only speaking to women in the market, and only those that initiated conversation with her.
The soft rustle of fabric was Mycroft’s only warning before he felt soft lips touch the back of his neck. “We shall grieve death, when it falls. Tonight shall we grieve life?” Caesar whispered into his ear, his hand reaching for Mycroft’s sash. He froze waiting for acceptance before stripping the other man of his robes. The exalted emperor of the great Roman State stripped him of both of his shells, clothes and of mind. Mycroft felt a hand stroke his side his eyes closed in pleasure. If in his mind he saw a shorter man with bright eyes, sandy hair, a crystalline laugh, and strong but unassuming bearing; instead of the emperor of Rome, he would never speak of it to any living. If Caesar knew that while he stroked Mycroft to fullness that the other man was imaging it was the hand of another man, he would never say. Just as Mycroft had never spoken of it, when it was his mouth surrounding Caesars manhood, as Caesar called the name of a lover lost in an attack that should never have happened.
The man couldn’t be older than 25, his son could not be a man.
John submits to the other man, “what can your servant do for you?” he asks coyly his hand reaching for Mycroft's sash “would you have my body, my hand, or my mouth?” John's voice lowered with lust.
John was worried when the boy came to the door, and spoke his message. He knew that any risk to Molli was minimal at best but he couldn’t help but be concerned about what machinations she would find herself embroiled in. “Martha” he said quietly “it looks like we are going to the palace”
“No!” Sherlock shouted, his normally smooth and beautiful voice shattered in grief “you have to, otherwise he will die, and it will be my fault” he dropped to his knees in front of his brother, hooking a finger under Mycroft’s sash “I will do anything to see him home safely” trying to make his voice into a sultry purr, but the pain still showing “you have Caesar’s ear, he will give you what you ask”
“no John, there is nothing for you to be sorry about, you didn’t do anything wrong”
Caesar spoke of her. He told the story of how she had saved the child of his beloved Centurion, one of his most loyal and how he had repaid his loyalty by gifting him slaves to save the life of his son. When he had heard that she could save a child from the wasting disease, he was impressed. Not knowing that he would call upon her services to save the life of his beloved wife, and the daughter she bore him. Rushing to the palace in the dark of night to save the life of the empress. Therefore it was his honor to reward her, for the lives that she had entreated the gods to spare.
“Flat is registered to one Eric Dillon, Alpha” Lestrade said looking at the note the landlord gave him “no omega listed, I hope this is right”
“tonight there will be a banquet in honor of the new princess, you will be present and sit at the empress’s table, we will present you with your official gift there, now I believe that my wife and the lady Anthea, wish to assist you in preparing for the feast tonight.”
“we need sleep, then to bathe before the banquet tonight. My wife knows my habits enough to entertain your lady, until it is time to be ready” Mycroft whispered into John's ears.
“The slaves are yours, to do with as you please” the Centurion told her “we will pay upkeep until next Sun’s Birth, for them, one Aureus per moon should cover any expenses you would incur. I will also send textiles and foodstuffs for your household for the same amount of time, and sandals fit to each of the slaves, as well as anything I can get you that would be of use. Great Healer, if you ever have need, of any kind, tell me and it shall be met, I must go see to our daughter now, she is at the neighbors home.”
“Can he save the emperor?” the empress asked.
“But I was complaining about you to him, and the things you do that frustrate me. he must have taken that as…”
~~~~~
Sherlock's eyes darkened suspiciously “who is she, and what aren't you telling me, Mycroft?” he asked warningly.
“Of course” said Anthea “you would need a couple slaves to attend you this evening, I will send for yours as they assuradly know your tastes better than any we could provide?” her voice even as she reached for the girl’s arm not giving her a chance to read the scroll in her hands. As they walked arm-in-arm to the room they had shared the morning before, she dispatched a runner to summon a male and female slave from her house.
“I will help you, but you will help me as well” Mycroft told the Centurion quietly “you will do me a small favor, if you do between us we will find the men to save your son, if you do not I will waste enough time that you will never find any in time”
Lestrade looked at her as if he had no idea who she was, she looked back at him challengingly “What, I am an Omega, and a Woman, you think it hasn’t happened to me?” she asked
“which herbs” he asked again as she grabbed his hand to still it and read over the papers in his hands. “you can read?” he said surprised
she noticed vaguely that the fabric was beautiful.
“birthing blanket?” the guard asked confused “but the emperor”
Likely it was a well crafted garment.
As the slave left Anthea guided Molli to the large bed, she slipped the tunic and robes from the girl’s slight frame, and handed them to the other slave with instructions to have them cleaned, and that none were to disturb the sleeping healer until they were called. The slave nodded making a sign of wording over the young woman that was about to fall asleep on her feet. Apparently the news that she had saved the young princess’s life had gotten around. If only they knew the true extent of what this brilliant woman had done for the empire. Anthea thought, as she helped the naked woman into bed, she coaxed her onto her stomach and reached for the body oil she had laid out next to the bed. She luxuriated in the feel of soft skin and firm muscle as she stroked the knots and pains away with clever hands, she had to restrain herself from doing more until after the girl had slept.
“those don't typically cause that” he snapped at her
Lord Mycroft looked at Caesar and turned to the young guard “go quickly to this house, there is a healer that is said to be born of Apollo himself, if anyone can save the emperor, it would be her. Move swiftly” he said handing the man a scrap of parchment
“are you certain”  Sherlock responded quickly “if you change your mind, tell me and I will leave”
He frowned in concern at the sound of the man’s voice. Mycroft never let emotion show, but now there was a tone of bitter sadness “What can I do my friend” Caesar asked “to take the weight you carry from your shoulders?”
Molli sat between the empress and Anthea watching everything in a slight daze, the banquet was far more formal than anything she  had ever experienced before. She was still confused by some of the wording on the scroll she had been given this afternoon, but she hadn't had an opportunity to ask Anthea about any of it. Her eyes were drawn around the brightly lit room nervous about being on display in front of the entire nobility, all present to celebrate the birth of the new princess.  Her eyes stopped on a slight man, with dark hair and eyes, that looked to be close to her age. He held himself with a cautious  diffidence that was at odds with the sharp, and calculating look in his dark eyes. “who is he?” she asked Anthea, quietly trying to hide her interest, she felt her eyes drawn to the man inexplicably.
The Centurion nodded grimly “what is this favor?”
When she reached the last booth in the market that she was to visit that day, she couldn’t help the smile that crossed her face at the man in front of her, they had grown to know each other well over the few year she had been in Rome. She had seen all four of his children into the world, after the first was trapped in his mother’s womb, and she was the only healer that refused to give up until the child was safely nursing at his mother’s breast. He returned her smile as he placed the bag on the bench. Looking into the bag she raised an eyebrow at the extra bottles in the bag. Reading the slip of paper that accompanied the bottles she smiled at him fondly, the man was almost too generous with her. “It causes no hardship” his wife’s voice came from behind her. Molli turned to face her friend, one of the few she could speak to openly. “I speak true. We find many herbs that would only be useful to a rare few healers. That you are one of those healers, is Fortuna’s work” the woman smiled at the young girl that saved her life, and the life of her first son. “Would you care for company on your shopping?” she asked
wound, and yet…
My gun.
“By the husband of the victim at the morgue.” I pull out another photo from the inside pocket of my coat, this one with the woman lying naked on the dissection table, intestines already missing. “This was taken by the diener about twelve hours later. Notice anything?” I ask the inspector pointedly, ignoring the cellist’s horrified gasp at the printed visual.
, he can do without the
after whatever it is that I’m about to walk into, but Greg is telling me about rules and protocols and “don’t you breathe a word about this to anyone, John”, and I can’t bring myself to regret my decision as I’m ducking under police tape, not even when I have to walk up the stairs to the second floor, limping.
Perhaps civilian life is not going to be as horrible as I imagined. As I still imagine it to be, if I’m honest.
to know the meaning of them, really.
I glance at the nightstand guiltily before I kiss her, knowing all too well what lies in the outbox of my text messages.
Clean-cut, unmistakable, flesh and bone Sherlock.
We would like to inform you that due to some unforeseen scheduling issues, we have decided to postpone the day of our wedding to the
“I— y-yes. Exactly. God, you’re unbelievable.” John sounds a tad breathless, and in a second… yes, there he goes with the laugh again. There’s a hint of self-deprecation in this one though, if I’m not mistaken. “So you will need to get stiches tomorrow, latest the day after—“
I reach for her hand over the kitchen table and force myself to smile, because she doesn’t need to know just how warranted her fears really are. It’s not her problem.
I open the door but my steps falter, and I hate myself for what I’m about to do but I can’t, I
“Hi there, Sherlock.”
“Same difference.”
Would I still have a voice, I’d laugh.
fine because the next minute we’re chasing a cab down the street and we’re jumping on rooftops, and we're pretending to be policemen and then running away from the
Wherever you are Sherlock, I sincerely hope you are happy
“Yes, of course I’m alright,” he says a bit testily, but his hands are not shaking so I don’t think a total mental breakdown is imminent anytime soon, which is a relief. One less thing to fix before I take him to dinner.
, and my anger reignites when I realize I left something in the flat.
on it.
Army doctor, but wounded in action; hiding a cane behind his chair, but not injured in the leg… psychosomatic limp. Nightmares, PTSD, frequently cancels on therapist. Unemployed, small flat, old spring mattress causing him back pain… Phone a gift, from sibling with addiction. Bad relationship. Plain clothes, deep-set desire to blend in. Atheist despite strict religious upbringing. Nurturing personality, wish to contribute, ordinary routine. Common. Dependable, craving stability. Harmless.
John. How deceptively ordinary.
All of a sudden it’s extremely hard to imagine how I managed to avoid running into Mrs. Hudson during my previous visits, but hindsight is refusing to tell me whether that was a conscious effort on my part or completely accidental.
His right hook might leave a lot to be desired, but ultimately Greg is right, so this is what I’m going to do:
“Sit.”
“What do people normally say?”
She doesn’t seem to think you were incapable of experiencing a full spectrum of human feelings, not like most people who met or heard about you before. She also said I made the two of us sound like we were a twisted kind of couple. I should have probably corrected her, but she looked more intrigued than resentful, and besides, there’s no point to it anymore, is there.
here, at 221B Baker Street, to do just that, since texting is obviously beyond Sherlock’s capabilities.
The lowest stiches on his back dip into the water every time he leans back so I can rinse his hair, but I don’t mention how he shouldn’t be taking baths so often. Showers would be more of a hassle with his hands, and given the still pristine state of the flat, cleanliness is probably not something he would be willing to part with for now.
The fourth time proves to be especially catastrophic because Greg brings Sally along again, and she comes decidedly close to snarling at me when I offer to buy her a drink as a way of apology for my lack of manners last time. Not that I feel terribly sorry, but giving a half-hearted apology sounds much better than sitting across a sulking sergeant the whole evening. Somehow, I end up doing both.
Someday.
“That was today? Oh god, I… Mary, I’m
“Where’s Molly?” I ask when I glimpse at the remains of her lipstick at the edge of a half-empty glass of some frivolous pink concoction. “She usually stays at least until the end of the game,” I incline my head towards the large screen where sweaty people are chasing a worthless ball of polyurethane and butyl leather. The hobbies of the dull.
It’s disappointment.
That seems to render Greg speechless for a good minute.
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
He’s giving me an out. If Sherlock doesn’t know I’m supposed to be here, then I don’t
He can’t lift his right hand above eye level.
Greg storms back into the pub less than two minutes after his departure, coat hanging off half his frame with only one arm in the sleeves.
“Knocked it off when I was reaching for the alarm in the morning.”
The redhead waiter slumps his shoulders and makes his way to the bar in a rush. It’s less than a minute before he’s back with a white plastic box, hands it over to John with an apology, and calls him ‘sir’ twice in a botched attempt at appeasing John. Because John is someone who needs to be appeased, now.
Mary’s tone is packed with a healthy dose of confidence and gentle understanding, like she’s fully prepared to help me through a meltdown right here, right now if needed be, but I’ve seen that expression before and I recognize the touch of terror in her eyes – the one that suggests she’s dreading the notion of that happening for real.
Sent at 23:50
“Yes.”
“And now you have a new one,” I say while doing my best to stare him down, but I’m painfully aware what my eyes must be communicating to someone with his abilities at deduction.
“Dr. Watson, is it?”
Sent at 23:52
The quiet voice stuns the table into silence, and the blond haired man shift uncomfortably under the attention he unwittingly attained with his words. “It’s… um.”
I can’t decide whether a handshake would be welcome by the standoffish detective so I offer what I’m hoping is an equally detached nod and a “Mr. Holmes” instead, but when I turn around after grabbing my cane there is a bony hand extended in my direction, and I’m sure there’s no masking the surprise that must be written on my face.
Ella studies me for a few heartbeats longer than what would be comfortable, but thankfully she seems to find whatever she’s looking for after a minute or two. Her lips curl into the tentative beginnings of a smile, and for the first time since I began to attend these sessions, I know she’s not scribbling down something negative on her stack of papers.
“Come with me, then.”
. Ridiculous.
I try my best to hide my fingers in my coat pockets on my way home, but the winter air grabs at them with startling ferocity, and for the umpteenth time I wish I had the mental clarity necessary to ask for my gloves back when I last saw John at Roland-Kerr College. They are from Macau, produced by a small, family owned tannery that never takes more than a hundred orders of a model each year, every single one bespoke to their new owner. I had to stay over there for three weeks to get them.
Mike is staring at me in clear expectation, and it takes me an uncharacteristically long second to realize that the cellist – who starts to look vaguely green in the face – has nothing to do with his insistence on bringing me along to these outings. No.
And what does he mean he
Received at 12:03
“Uh huh. And what about that suspiciously lamp-shaped dip in the opposite wall?”
concussed, despite his best efforts at denying it.
“He… yeah. Yeah, he’s healing up quite nicely.”
“I am,” I throw out easily, and it’s not a lie. I think. I’m getting more and more sure every day.
“It’s fine, John.”
“Is that a picture of a corpse? Where the hell did you get that, freak?”
“Here,” I say in a burst of exasperation, offering my own phone to the detective with an annoyed huff. “Use mine.”
Hope you’re happy with it.
“Not as bad as you might imagine,” I force a laugh, “he was pretty out of it, actually. Kept talking in circles about… chemistry, mostly. Bees. He knows a lot about football, none of which is useful to the actual game, but still.”
Sent at 20:11
John – who looks decidedly concerned now – wastes no time in grabbing my head with both hands, tilting it forward to assess the damage, and I feel another bout of adrenaline releasing at the feeling of his fingertips carding through my hair. I let it happen. It’s admittedly liberating, being touched so freely. Not many people have ever dared.
“I just… God, I used to imagine him coming back so many times at the beginning,” and in the middle, and at the end, and yesterday, and five minutes ago, and likely tomorrow and the day after that. “I thought I would be… uh…”
Received at 22:08
Sent at 22:49
Sent at 12:01
“I’ll make it up to you, I promise.”
I take the cane quickly and thank Angelo, intent on getting to the bottom of the reason for Sherlock’s sudden distress, but he speaks up before I could voice any of my concerns.
Received at 04:41
Sent at 21:04
Sent at 22:07
Sent at 23:56
Lestrade took my gun. He must have taken it at least two weeks ago, because he hasn’t been in here since then. Such an amazing deduction, isn’t it.
Received at 02:03
Received at 23:37
I’m sorry.
It’s a light, cream colored thing with a white part under the strings, a black neck and black buttons I never quite learned what were used for. There is a speaker on the ground that looks big enough to drive the neighbors into instant insanity, something that resembles a pedal, and an amount of cables that seems way too excessive for connecting these three items alone.
I hear the smile in her voice and my breathing slows down a bit at that. I hang up my coat and join her in the kitchen, inhaling the smell of lasagna penetrating air. She thinks Italian is my favorite – the result of a misunderstanding I’m reluctant to correct, especially since her ravioli is to die for.
He must have arrived just minutes after I left with Hope, Mrs. Hudson let him up ("Oh, he's such a handsome young man Sherlock, and a
A green bottle with a handwritten label serves as the shampoo, but it appears to be more aloe than soap so it doesn’t lather well, and I rinse it out of his hair with a plastic cup I don’t remember procuring. I’m already standing in the living room, preparing the gauze when I realize he might need help washing his back and shoulders as well, but he comes out dressed in pressed trousers and a dressing gown before I could offer any more assistance.
“Another time, then,” John offers but his eyes are resigned, the words just an out he wishes he was given before agreeing to come here tonight.
To: Mike Stamford, 22:45
I frown heavily to convey my feelings about the absurdity of this statement, but John only raises an eyebrow in response and demonstrates his point by letting go of my arms just a bit, his strong, sure hands ready to catch me at a moment’s notice. I lean into his right palm without meaning to, and I find I can’t quite get to straighten my posture without overbalancing towards his left. Huh.
Mycroft – is giving me an out.
I grit my teeth as I overbalance and diffraction artifacts start to appear in the image, light halos obscuring the sickle cells Molly was kind enough to provide for a quick study, as long as none of them leaves the building with me. The fulfillment of that request is still up to debate.
“How much longer is he going to need your help for?”
“Why would I do that?”
“Good shot,” I offer before John could utter a greeting, and I decide to clench any protests he’s about to voice in the bud with my next sentence. “Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case.”
Sent at 22:52
I manage to peel my eyes open after a deep breath, and almost wince at the sight of Sherlock trying to subtly put as much distance between himself and the medic as he can without being called out on it.
“Don’t you—
Because John is not a detriment to the work – quite to the contrary, apparently. John, who followed me blindly for the better part of yesterday without a single complaint, who jumped into a rubbish bin and called me amazing and forgot about his limp in the face of danger, who kept worrying about my wellbeing even though he had absolutely no reason to even
“The thing with the… for heaven’s sake, John.”
No, not offended. Curious.
Sent at 22:12
Received at 09:30
“Do you even play the guitar?” I try to hit a light tone as I set my bag down onto the coffee table, and I sense Sherlock’s eyes return to me – wary of the novelty of small talk, but not protesting.
I’m feeling decidedly foolish by the third week, but Mike insists that Sherlock is bound to turn up on one of these pub nights again, sooner or later. The fact that Mike knows the main reason of my continual agreement to his invitations is more than a bit humiliating, but denial after he saw me practically drooling over the consulting detective would just push the issue into pathetic territory. Instead, I choose to cut my losses and endure the knowing smirks whenever my head snaps up at tall, dark haired men wandering through the entrance.
Received at 23:56
“Stop doing that.”
Mike doesn’t seem to be concerned with privacy issues as the requested address lands in my Inbox less than a minute later, no questions, suggestive remarks, or warnings attached. Mike just might be a friend indeed.
I tear the door to 221B open with zeal I haven’t felt in
“Shouldn’t have the nausea passed by now? Is he still feeling dizzy?”
God, I forgot I’m trying to fool a D.I. here. Deep breath, no stuttering.
Received at 21:17
“Sherlock?” John asks again uncertainly as I step into his flat, but allows me the space to shut the door behind my back nonetheless. Good. It wouldn’t do for the neighbors to hear what I’m about to say.
My silent plea is forgotten when I feel a shift in the air around my face, and I open my eyes to come face to face with one Sherlock Holmes.
John. John is here.
. The blue scarf Greg tore from my hands the day before I first visited his grave, and the hat, that godawful hat is pulled down into his eyes like he never took it off, and he’s there, he’s really there and not lying in a pool of blood on the pavement or burned to ashes and stuffed into a urn because he’s
“I… don’t think those were documentaries, mate.”
My burger is only half-eaten and it feels like a waste of money to leave it here, but the pang of humiliation over my own behavior prompts me to stand up, gather my phone and check my pockets for my wallet.
I don’t know if I ca_
English is not my first language so please feel free to point out anything that sounds strange or incorrect.
Sent at 22:50
There are two more people sitting at the table: a dark haired man to Mike’s right and a blond one at the far end, secluding himself subconsciously.
quite the sight, I’m not much to look at in turn.
“Okay,” he breathes, but he must notice my incredulity because the next moment he clears his throat and steals his features into something closer to what I learnt to associate with him. “That’s… good.” He rests his arms on his knees and relaxes back into the cushions, but somehow he still fails to capture the aloofness that used to come to him so effortlessly.
Yesterday evening.
Oh God I can’t, I can’t, I can’t I can’t I can’t I can’t I can’t—
John releases my head and grabs my biceps instead, as if he is afraid I’m going to fall without him keeping me up, and stares at me with a focus that tells me he is looking for pupil dilation and involuntary eye movement. The vertigo has lessened enough that I can keep track of his blue orbs without much difficulty, but that doesn’t seem to satisfy the doctor.
The sounds coming from John’s throat are wonderful – I will need to keep him laughing as long as possible.
“—and even if you don’t,” I probably do, “that wound is bleeding rather a lot. It needs to be sewn up.”
I heave a sigh and start composing an excuse in my head, dressed in words that are apologetic just enough to be believable, but Mike seems to sense my hesitation because he follows up with another text before I could type out mine.
“John, listen!” the words rush out of him as soon he reaches my table, and I notice he’s more than a little out of breath. My heart rate picks up at the potential implications of a Detective Inspector acting like he’s being chased, and I find myself scanning the crowd for the reason of his behavior. He notices it, of course he does, and he hurries to clarify.
Sent at 21:10
John_
“Diener,” I interrupt again, watching the soldier’s pupils dilate as he takes me in from head to toe, slowly, eyes landing back on mine.
And Mike just left me alone with him.
“John is not here to replace you as my doctor.”
To: Mike Stamford, 22:22
Well, let’s see to it that it remains that way.
me, and my heart is beating in my throat even though I have absolutely no idea what I’m supposed to do here, but Sherlock is here, wearing that expensive coat, and suddenly I feel alive again, and it’s just like in Afghanistan—
I’m sorry for that message the other day. Not that you read it, or will ever read it, but still. It was uncalled for.
John sends a nervous glance to the Yarders busying themselves with the crime scene, gulps audibly, then directs those dark blue eyes back to me, like he’s afraid
I have no idea why there are words still coming out of my mouth, but John doesn’t seem to mind, so it’s fine.
He stops speaking every few minutes while sitting in the tub, stealing a glance at my expression from the corner of his eye, but a small nod or a question is always enough to get him back into lecturer’s mode, even if only for a short burst before the next minute gap.
“Oh,” he finally accepts the mobile, and I’m surprised to see a barely there upward quirk to the corner of his mouth. “Thank you.”
Sent at 14:31
“Alright, how about this. I want you to make a mental list of the things you used to have conversations about with Sherlock, and see if you can bring one of those topics up the next time you see him. Sounds alright?”
“Sherlock, look, John is—“
Received at 02:51
“Yeah, no, that would— uh, I don’t… that is, I should go home, I think.”
“What do you mean you wouldn’t know? He didn’t come to the pub these last two weeks, I thought he was… you know, with you?”
me to be here, he never needed me here, because what have I really done while he was busy connecting dots and working out the where and the what and the how all afternoon?
Received at 04:36
Also, it has the added benefit of asking questions about Sherlock without having to pretend not being interested in the answers.
I’d agree with most of it – sans the latter, but the thing is, I think she is going to say yes. We might be moving a bit too fast, but it fits us, somehow.
Sent at 03:56
Happy Birthday. I’m sorry I forgot about it last year. I suppose grief and the denial of your
“You haven’t unpacked,” I offer with what I hope comes across as a measure of indifference, but there’s no hiding from Sherlock’s stare – he must see the way I keep brushing my palms against my jeans to rid them of sweat.
Thank you!
My fingers are tingling and I can’t feel my legs, but after I finally,
“So does this one,” the man proceeds to pour some clear liquid onto a cotton swab, oblivious, as if the tension in the room couldn’t be cut with a knife. Sherlock hisses when the swab touches his skin, and I watch as the familiar sneer washes away his perplexity over the words, as if it never existed in the first place. “His right forearm can probably forego the dressing next time, but the hand already got infected once so I wouldn’t risk that just yet.”
To: Mike Stamford, 22:29
Sent at 02:57
“And yet you’re here.”
“Would be kind of pointless, actually, seeing how we don’t even talk.”
pinky finger. The rest of my fingertips feel rougher than usual as well, but I haven’t played the violin in weeks, so that shouldn’t—
We hope we can still count on your participation on this much awaited event – please, kindly let us know if you can attend.
I wonder if said fixation could be transferred to other body parts.
There is silence after that, not the comfortable kind, and I dig my fingers into the armrest between my thighs to keep them from twitching. Sherlock notices the movement – of course he does – his eyes finally leaving mine, and I’m not sure I like that but breathing just got a lot less complicated so I don’t complain. His head tilts in a way that is usually followed by a rapid stream of deductions and people getting offended left and right, and yet what comes out of his mouth next is too short to fit that pattern.
that voice.
John is not a distraction, he’s an
“And how do you feel about that?”
“I’m injured,” I say quite uselessly, but Mike appears to find this entertaining enough to be the cause of a good, hearty laugh.
“Not besides the bare minimum. I tell him to move or turn when I’m changing his dressings, but that’s about it.”
I swallow a strange mixture of blood tinged saliva and the insistent urge to scream, and make my way deeper into the apartment. I recognize my destination only when the back of my thighs hit one padded arm of a chair – my old chair – and I lower myself onto the armrest in a nauseating daze I haven’t experienced since—
Received at 10:09
“Did I get anything wro— are you braiding my hair?!”
“No, it’s…“ Sherlock pauses, looking directly into my eyes, “fine.”
“John!”
Received at 15:09
John is going on a date.
Nothing.
The thrill of the case consumes me with a ferocity I couldn’t have imagined in my wildest dreams, overwhelming to the point where my only reaction to Sherlock making me text a serial killer is an honest to god giggle.
Sent at 14:27
“Joy.”
I confirmed the cause of death of Jennifer Wilson, something I’m sure Sherlock could have done perfectly well all by himself, I submerged myself in trash where Sherlock ended up finding the evidence, and I followed him running around London as we chased down a cab that did not add anything to the development of the case after all.
I stop to laugh for a good five minutes, leaning on a wall and brushing away the tears streaming down my face, resolutely ignoring the berth people seem to be giving me.
I stop pacing and attempt to take a calming breath, perfectly aware of the hole Sherlock’s stare must be digging into my back. He doesn’t say anything though, and for a few long minutes there’s only the sound of my ragged breathing filling the silence.
“I can’t be certain because of the picture quality, but
His hand goes back into his pocket a moment later though, and Mycroft is touching him again, freely and without hesitation, like such physical contact has been normal for them during their entire lives.
Sent at 14:03
Sherlock sounds hopeful, more so than I ever heard him before, and it hurts and angers me at the same time because this is wrong,
Mary points at the half-empty bottle of Cyclizine on the bed, and I find myself completely unconcerned with the lie I’m about to deliver, having gained more than enough experience on how to sell it since Sherlock’s return.
Silence falls over the table, and even I can tell it’s not the good kind. The cellist looks at me with the same wide, horrified eyes he regarded Jessica Hopkins’ post-mortem photo with all those weeks ago. His gaze flickers between me and John, who, to his credit, hasn’t paused in his ministrations again.
Received at 22:57
Usually in your company.
, and I hurry to cut him off when I notice the glimmer of
Mary was right, I should have shaved.
“Well, that’s new,” I say by way of greeting, visibly startling Sherlock with my voice. He’s taken to waiting for me on the couch, nose buried in his phone, barely sparing me a glance before starting on ridding himself of his shirt. Greetings are usually optional.
“You’re an army doctor – obvious. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp must be really bad when you walk,” he gestures in the direction of my cane behind my chair, “but you’re not favoring a leg when you sit or stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“I know,” I reply easily but my mind immediately flags the words as a lie, because I’m not angry at him, no, I just feel like my world is suddenly overstuffed and tearing up at the seams and there is so much space at the core that has been empty for far too long and yet the person who left that void behind doesn’t seem to fit in there anymore, not without forcing the air out of my lungs and there’s just not enough room for a breath and I’m brimming and where did all the air
what you would say to that one: too soon, we’ve only been together for a few weeks, statistics about marriages ending in a divorce, the probability of her cheating on me within the month because of some astute deduction you’d base on the color of her nail polish.
“As of last week, yes.”
Received at 22:52
Two more boxes. Still nothing of substance.
Sent at 21:08
Faulty hunch as it may be, I find myself still staring at my ceiling when sunshine starts slipping through the edges of the blinds, and decide that there are, indeed, worse things than good burgers.
“Method of loci, yeah,” I wave his description away, which might not have been the best idea, if Greg’s surprised expression is anything to go by. “I looked it up,” I rush to add, “to see if it was real or if he was just… pulling my leg. Got that feeling a lot that night, actually.”
“Take him to a hospital then, perhaps?”
No. He wants to leave. Not an unexpected outcome, all things considered. An apology might work in the short term – it usually does – but it wouldn’t fix the issue, not entirely. Nothing ever does. How many apologies until he stops responding to my texts?
“Jesus, John! What… are you alright?”
Mike Stamford’s greetings have gotten gradually more enthusiastic during the time I’ve known him, (which is an oddity in itself, as I typically induce a gradual decline of enthusiasm in people – usually a rather rapid one), but he’s been outdoing himself ever since he decided I needed to be
“Do you love her, John?”
With the tips of my gloves peeking out from its pocket.
“I’m here because you need a doctor,” I force out as my defenses fight to rise again, not wanting to give him the idea this is anything more than a temporary arrangement built on a misplaced feeling of obligation on my part. This is not about reconciliation; I didn’t come here to fall back on how we used to be, and God, please,
Sent at 23:35
Cases. Anderson. James Bond movies, medical procedures, books and the solar system. Thai food. Music.
Greg asked for my assistance on a case, if you’ll believe it. Something about army weapons – I’m not all clear on the details yet, but he’s coming over tomorrow with the necessary files.
“It’s for you,” Sherlock says all of a sudden, his face adapting the carefully arranged, blank mask that I’ve seen him wear after Sally had called him a freak the first time we’ve met, and that’s when alarm bells start to go off in my head, signaling something isn’t quite right.
Received at 13:20
Sherlock looks bewildered for all of two seconds before those green eyes widen again, and I can read the reply on his face before it has a chance to be uttered.
Mike is silent for a few minutes, but he’s quite good at strategic silences, so I don’t let it lull me into a false sense of security.
“Yes.”
“I don’t have a concussion.” I might have a concussion.
“Dinner?”
God, that condescending arsehole.
Received at 09:49
on hundred ninety-two square feet, and we call
John glares again. His frown lines will become permanent rather quickly, at this rate. Not that they are unattractive.
Three of the calls are from Lestrade, early afternoon – the rest are from John. Why do I have his—
Ella asks the question as if she doesn’t already know the answer. Everyone does. Even Mary knows it, for god’s sake.
“Are you honestly going to start a fight over who has the right to be more offended just to delay your meeting with my brother for five more minutes?”
“Can’t,” the words are out of my mouth before I can contemplate my next set of actions, which is good, because: “Work.”
Who is preparing to leave. For good.
“One hour and forty-six minutes late, to be exact.”
Sent at 19:40
I think I’m going to be okay, now.
John, has just killed a man for me. For the case. For me.
“Okay. Alright… Listen.”
“And you got all that from the grass on her shoes?” John hasn’t stopped smiling since we left the pub, but it doesn’t feel patronizing, so I make no attempt at ruining it.
Sent at 14:25
Sent at 21:39
My thumb catches on a ripple over the left thigh, which gives way to a ridiculous sense of embarrassment over my rumpled appearance. Sherlock’s black suit pants of course are ironed and impeccable, and I find myself wondering if he dressed up for the blond man. He never used to change from pajamas unless he was leaving the flat, and I have it on good authority he is not allowed to do that alone yet.
Received at 22:49
Extraordinary. My mind latches onto the word with a ferocity that makes my vision blur, although I do catch a glimpse of John holding the glue tube between his teeth as he takes his place behind me once more. He smells of gun oil. Exactly like last time.
Sincerely,
“Oh, he’s visiting his sister this weekend I think,” comes the reply from Mike, and I suddenly feel like things are happening too fast for me to follow. Sherlock is here, wearing the same black coat he did last time, and the spike of adrenaline at this development sends my heart into an uncomfortable race. He looks exactly the same as I remembered: high cheekbones, hair artfully tousled, eyes a captivating mixture of green-grey-blue.
John just killed a man to save my life. To save
I snap out of the mental picture of John standing in the middle of a scarcely lived in bedsit, scowling down at his phone, and I hurry to fish mine out of my pocket, remembering the ringing that accompanied my ride here with Hope, forcing me to put it on silent.
) to my recounting of a murder carried out by a hardware store assistant, who fancied himself a serial killer after watching a few documentaries and googling “how to remove fingerprints from a corpse but forget about the sheet metal screw I drove through her eardrum”.
I suppose I should get
“Sherlock, this is an old friend of mine, John Watson. John, this is Sherlock Holmes.”
John_
don’t know – where I’m headed to only dawns at me when the cabbie asks for the address of my destination. The only thing I
and the fact that Mycroft could procure them an entire week quicker than I did grates on my nerves in a way that startles Mrs. Hudson into a yelp. Well, perhaps the way I start slamming cabinets and drawers in my search for the lighter fluid also contributes somewhat to her reaction. Possibly.
“No, they are not,” John’s tone is light, unconcerned as he continues to push plasters and packets of gauzes around in the box. “But in most pubs…” he trails off, then emerges with a semi-transparent blue tube, flashing a victorious grin. His teeth are very straight. “This
“Lisa Pushkin, lives in Dagenham, freshly mother of two. Not likely to leave her own bedroom before you get there, let alone the country.” Which is the sole reason why I’m not over there fetching her myself.
“You’re not using your cane,” he says almost to himself, and I look at the offending item resting against the chair, within easy reach.
No newly opened boxes today.
I don’t need to turn around to know he’s smiling, one of his rare, sincere smiles, and it's quite the effort not to glance back.
Well. Mike might be good, but he’s certainly not omnipotent. If there was a person in this world who is compatible with my…
Frostbite. It’s not the strings, it’s bloody
“Yours was the last booth of the day for me, I have to call upon a patient before sun’s sleep today, and be ready for new ones on Sun’s Death tomorrow” Molli replied softly. She wished that her friend’s booth was closer to her home, with a promise to attend them again after Sun’s Birth Festival she left to see to her young patient, and his family.
(See the end of the chapter for
called good- dead
“I stand as witness” Anderson repeated
~*~*~*~*~
~*~*~*~
“would she have sought those oils out herself?” he asked her
Besides, she had heard rumors about bedding a healer, and how well they knew the human body, and what they could do with that information
“Sherlock” Mycroft snapped harshly “do not blaspheme in my house”
“Mater Juno is a Goddess these were Jewish women of no consequence; none were even born of citizens of the empire. They weren’t important, to anyone” Mycroft’s frustration was starting to show through as he spoke. He sighed dejectedly “Even if I agree with what John did, even if Caesar agreed with what John did,” his eyebrow rose enough to still his brother’s tongue “even IF Caesar did agree with John killing a Roman citizen to protect the daughters of his kinsmen, there would still be nothing he could do. There have been too many mad Emperors, even in our lifetimes. Caesar is still establishing his hold on the empire, without history poisoning his reign, and” he gave Sherlock a pointed look as he continued his explanation “And, Sherlock, allowing a Jewish man to kill Roman citizens, would not sit well with the nobility”
“Sherlock” Mycroft stopped him “He was my friend too, do remember that”
“Her home” the Centurion stated to the carriage driver
They turned her body this way and that.
John frowned “i know, I just don't know how to explain it. I am nervous about watching you, but I need you here.”
Mycroft ignored the mental image of Molli simpering. he didn't want to risk laughing in his brother's face at the notion of the girl that had ordered Caesar's most trusted guards around as if they were her servants, and had used the empress as a birthing assistant so none would know that the child born was not of her body, the woman that scolded Caesar himself like an errant child. “I will not have some woman, getting in the way of discovery” Sherlock continued ignoring his brother's carefully hidden thoughts each word trying to form a new image in Mycroft's head that he carefully locked away, he would retell this story to Anthea, verbatim. Yes, that would amuse her, and give him the opportunity to laugh at the images drawn up in his head.
“Pray, beg the Gods, if they will even intervene, perhaps Mater Juno will hear his plight, all of them were women he impregnated, before he killed them” Mycroft offered gently both men knowing the futility of the suggestion
Sherlock led John into the shower, John dropped the sheet in the sitting room as Sherlock started the water.
By the time she had finished speaking the older woman had returned and handed her the blanket to cover her satchel and tools to hang from her belt.
They left the festivities for the evening and retired to the rooms set aside for them, the celebration would continue for a week, without stop, as was proper.  She pinched his hip “smile to the crowd” she whispered out of the corner of her mouth, her own smile never faltering. He regarded her briefly, her hands were far stronger than he expected, they were also not as soft as he expected them to be. She smiled and waved to the assembly, the smile reached her eyes, but didn't light them. He was perplexed by the woman at his side, she was a puzzle, a mystery. Perhaps this would give him a few days of entertainment while he tried to puzzle her out.
Sherlock woke the next morning to an empty flat, not in itself unusual as John often had to leave for work long before Sherlock would climb out of bed, but something felt off. Looking at the bed it didn’t look like John had even made it home last night. That was slightly unusual, but he figured that he met up with Stamford or Lestrade and ended up staying over at their place. Sherlock checked his phone, there was no text from John to say that he would be out late, and even if he was mad at Sherlock he would have told him that he was going to stay out all night. Sherlock called the clinic, when he spoke to Sara they both started to worry, as John hadn’t shown up for his shift.
“yes” he replied “it appears that the Empress wishes to reward Molli”
As soon as they were in the nobles’ wing, the guard led her to the first empty room that they passed, carefully watching for anyone that was awake. The guard drew his gladius, sending up a silent prayer to Pater Jupiter and Mater Juno that he wouldn’t need it and in forgiveness for the deceit.
“I know you would have, had it been possible. Now all I can do is pray to the gods and grieve for my lost friend. The fault was never with you.” Mycroft sighed defeated “nor with my brother, Sherlock, would never have knowingly risked the life of one he loves. The fault lies with the dead, Lord Pluto’s hand now holds all”
She let them guide her passively.
“That murdered how many?” Sherlock spat back “how many women did that dog kill?”
As soon as Caesar was finished speaking he excused himself to seek out his brother, he would need to handle this carefully, but his brother needs to see that this union is beneficial to  him, not just to the family. He needed to really see that Mycroft was looking out for him, and his best interests, and that this unassuming girl was the best match that anyone could have found for him. She knew how to behave as a woman should, but was just as willing to throw that aside for her own passions. That this union would give Sherlock back his lover, was only a minor part of the equation,  though likely the one that would make Sherlock agree.
“Sherlock” he said gently shaking his head slightly “that I could” he said quietly
A man stepped up beside John. John looked into a handsome and familiar face. He could smell the Alpha pheromones, not at all unpleasant. “Can I buy you another drink” the man said “anyone that has to put up with one of us alphas, deserves a round or two, and since your Alpha isn’t here to buys yours, let me make it up to you” the man had an easy smile and he was particularly handsome. If John hadn’t been bonded to the Great Consulting Prat, he could already imagine taking this Alpha home, especially as his heat was due to start in a couple days. He smiled and gave the other man some room to sit with him. They spent the next hour talking about everything under the sun. anything John wanted to talk about, and the Alpha agreed with him on almost everything. John was amazed at how charming the Alpha was but there seemed to be something he was forgetting. By the time the pub started filling up John was far more drunk than he remembered ever being. talking to the alpha, (Ethan, Evan, Edward, some E name, john could never remember) his glass always seemed to be full even if he didn’t remember ordering anything, but he was talking to someone he knew, if only in passing, so he felt safe enough to drink.
He had apparently stopped long enough lost in thought that the slaves had managed to dress him for the ceremony. He waved them off as he made his way down the halls, he knew where he was going and he didn't want to be followed by idiots. He stepped into line with the other men dressed exactly like him, he almost allowed himself to think about what would happen if demons did find and curse them, could it really be any worse than it already was?
“Why couldn’t you get me in to see him, you promised me that I would see him before…” his voice trailed off as the tears fell unchecked
Caesars face was hard to read, “bring Lord Mycroft he is being housed at the palace as we speak, and my wife, if I am to meet the gods this night those are the ones I want by my side.” He said
“One of these men is a friend of mine, he killed a man to save my brother’s life, but he was sentenced to death. He is a skilled physician and a good man, but he is a Jew. If you save him, I will save your son” Mycroft spelled out carefully.
Mycroft and the Centurion hurried through the halls of the slave pit. Mycroft showed the writ to the guards, they were falling over each other to get out of the way of Caesar’s men.
The Centurion nodded “Even Caesar could not save protect him, in this political clime, I will do as you ask”
“He is Sherlock; the execution is the day after tomorrow, if you would care to witness it. I will NOT be in attendance for that. It was hard enough sitting next to Caesar when he sentenced John to death; I will not be there to watch his life’s blood be spilled as ‘entertainment’ for the nobility” Mycroft internally cursed the names of the nobles that had forced Caesar’s hand, he would never speak the words, but he would beg Pater Jupiter to punish their treachery
“John” Sherlock said gently “I know you are in heat, but I don’t know if you want me to touch you sexually. What can I do to help you?” Sherlock asked.
Then it was time to go.
“are we, dear?” the older woman asked
~*~*~*~*~
Through it all Molli stood.
“me” The empress spoke. She turned to one of the guards “go and find a servant or slave girl that is heavily pregnant to act as a wet nurse. Bring her to my suites and we will induce her child” she looked at Molli “you do have the herbs and poultices to invoke labor with you, don’t you?” Molli nodded “then you will stay here until an appropriate woman has been found. No one will question ase everyone in the household knows that I never looked pregnant with my last child, especially if a child is born before its time, I will raise the child as my own in thanks to the gods for sparing my husband.”
“I stand as witness” Lestrade said formally behind him
The girls adorned her hair.
Molli looked at him stunned for a second, before beginning a flurry of activity, grabbing bottles off of the shelves “do you know what kind of poison was used?” she asked the young guard shook his head “how long ago was he dosed”
Lady Anthea smiled “I should not have startled you. I can see how exhausted you are. I was going to ask if you wished a bed here”, Anthea’s fingers drawing abstract patterns on the skin of Molli’s exposed arm “to sleep in”. Molli looked concerned, Anthea read every twitch of a muscle, every quirk of an eye lid or brow, every flash of thought in her eyes, Molli was easier to read than any scroll, or book. Her eyes betrayed every thought. Anthea was fascinated that she felt no reason to mask her intentions or thoughts, causing  everyone around her to unmask themselves as well. Her hand tightened on the younger girl’s arm, this girl was exactly what she appeared to be at any time, and yet so much more, she had to know more about this brilliant woman that had just saved the emperor and the empire. Her forethought was the reason that no rumors of treachery had been mentioned. The slaves were being split between the guards that had saved Caesar’s life, the food taster was being gifted to Lord Mycroft at the girl's, admittedly wise, suggestion. Any that knew of the treachery were either proven loyal, or the traitors, and rumors can be tracked to their source. Anthea had to know more, she felt drawn into a magnificent orbit of a girl that must be god-born, she felt her lips rest at Molli’s neck. Her fingers lightly traced up her arms and across her delicate throat, imagining a golden chain with a caduceus, or the golden disk or Apollo gracing such a beautiful column, her lips gently touched the spot that the gold would land in her mind. She entwined her fingers with the healers, “you do have a healers hands” she said in wonder “graceful and deft, yet strong and sturdy” she pulled Molli along after her, knowing that the girl’s fear and reservations were nothing but status based, but she had to know this delightfully intriguing girl better. She led Molli into the suites she shared with her husband and sent a slave to give Mycroft the message that she would be attending to the healer until she had at least rested and eaten. She was at the moment the perfect hostess, to the exhausted woman.
John nodded, his face buried in his Alpha’s neck. Sherlock just held him “Take me home, please Sherlock” he asked quietly “I don’t want to finish out my heat in a hospital, and there is no real reason for me to go anyway”
(See the end of the chapter for
His breathing was ragged, Caesar turned to Mycroft “Go with him, I will give you my seal that any you claim from the pit shall go with this man to save the life of a loyal Centurion. Never let it be said that I will turn away those that are loyal to me.” he looked pointedly at Mycroft “Any that are taken from the pit shall be turned over to this man, to assist in saving his son.”
Sent at 05:29
Oh. He did, didn’t he? He did think that, because that’s what Mike
“Well, where is it then?”
world, perhaps.”
John is withering here.
It doesn’t matter. People’s reaction doesn’t matter, and John is just people.
to collect the murder weapon; it will be gone by morning.”
The victim is a young woman, Jennifer Wilson, and the sight of her lifeless body is staggering for a few short seconds, but Sherlock seizes my focus with his brilliance and his barbs at Anderson, and I’m
My tone is uneven and barely above a whisper, but it’s enough to recapture Sherlock’s attention. His eyes are almost comically wide and full of wonder, his childlike amazement unmasked on a level it only gets after solving a ‘three nicotine patch case’, and God, the intensity of those sea green orbs hasn’t diminished one bit and I feel myself starting to collapse under his scrutiny, but just as I’m about to break eye contact Sherlock beats me to it, jerking away from the other man’s touch on his neck with unexpected vehemence.
The dark haired man is a chemist, recently returned from the US. Stable financial background, hypochondriac tendencies, an interest in wildlife photography. Early riser, athletic, running in the mornings. Taller than me. Pads of left fingertips calloused, no deformity on the right thumb, not guitar… shoulders even, not the violin… minimal exaggeration in the curve of the cervical spine. Cello.
Sent at 22:56
Jesus.
He’s asking all the wrong questions, gets hung up on all the irrelevant things that did
My limp doesn’t come back until I’m six blocks over.
“Did you really accept Mycroft’s offer?”
Out of nowhere, there is a shift. The previously unassuming doctor –
Sent at 16:58
No. Not happier.
John is the shooter.
Dear Friend,
I'm not a native English speaker, so please feel free to point out any parts that sound weird to you or should be fixed for whatever reason. Hope you enjoyed this chapter nonetheless, and as usual, feedback is always welcome. :) Thank you!
Carries unregistered firearm.
Received at 14:25
Received at 21:30
“Is your brother out of rehab yet?”
“Any good?” he asks with a raised eyebrow, and that,
“Amazing.”
Oh god, I
Good bye, Sherlock.
“And where
“Look mate… Sherlock,” he starts but I cut him off, mostly because I already know all the arguments he’s going to make, and a little because the way he says my name just requires an immediate response. The mere fact that he remembers it does, really.
She seems to enjoy listening to my tales about you, which I discovered while she helped Mrs. Hudson and I clean 221B. I kept your violin, by the way. Mary said Mycroft would have taken it already if he wanted it, and that it would be nice to remember you by something you obviously used to love.
“Shall I call an ambulance?”
“It’s okay to be angry at him, you know.”
At one point, the conversation settles into a comfortable lull, and I know what’s coming even before she settles her mind on whether to place the question or not. I’ve been the subject of the same scrutinizing gaze way too often not to recognize it by now.
“That’s true. He was a bad cabbie. Should have seen the route he took us to get here.”
Molly brings in coffee and chats with Mike for a few minutes before taking her leave again, and the lab falls quiet for so long I’m beginning to think I’ve been left alone when Mike’s voice disturbs the peace.
Sherlock hesitates only for a moment before giving a decisive nod, scooting back into his original position and within the reach of the medic again, but his eyes don’t leave the blond man’s hands as they dab a piece of gauze over the joint between his neck and shoulder, tugging the collar of his shirt away. His fingers slowly move into a half-formed, white-knuckled fist around his cast, and his breathing seems to be picking up a little speed on every exhale.
Sent at 01:59
Received at 14:28
The papers on the desk have the NHS logo printed on the top corner – new job, most likely as a general physician, seeing how an intermittent tremor would prevent any doctor from performing surgery in good conscience. Sore throats and congested sinuses and the occasional case of a mysterious rash – John finds it exceptionally boring, hence the paperwork accumulating on his desk. He is so behind he decided to bring it home to catch up during the weekend. His cane is hanging from the back of his chair along with his coat, a grey woolen thing with—
Yours,
. Those are the terms.”
John doesn’t hesitate with his answer, gaze firmly holding mine once again.
Sent at 14:38
Received at 23:59
Sent at 23:53
It’s not a request, not even a little, as John Watson – Captain John Watson? – manhandles me into a wooden chair right across Mike Stamford.
manage to pull in a breath with some difficulty, it takes me about two seconds flat to realize what Greg meant the other day.
, and it’s Mary’s startled cry in turn that brings me back to reality.
level after I lose the cast. Mendelssohn in a few weeks, after I figure out a way for proper adaptation.”
Sherlock seems to be unable to tear his gaze away from the happenings around his shoulder, but he starts leaning away from the doctor ever so slightly as he speaks.
“I didn’t say,” I reply with a healthy dose of indignation, “and I
From: John Watson, 19:16
There are mostly horizontal lines crisscrossing along his spine, some already scarring, a few still in the process of absorbing stiches. Knife cuts. Lash marks? A cigarette burn. Two. Not counting. That one looks like an old gunshot wound.
Received at 02:00
“Sherlock texted me,” he says, holding my cane out for me to take, smiling. “He said you forgot this.”
Received at 23:55
“John, you’re—“
My knee-jerk reaction is to say no, to deny him the possibility of negotiation, because I know he doesn’t want me to leave once he’s healthy again but I’m not sure I can give him that. Yet, the resignation in his tone cuts at something inside me, deep and wide, and the wound bleeds faster as he sighs like he already knows the answer to his question but can’t help asking nonetheless.
It’s easy to tell his face must have been a mess, not too long ago. Split lip, bruised cheeks, a black— no, two black eyes, all faded and nearly healed over, but still visible enough to tell me just how bad it was. The scratch marks on his scalp look quite fresh, above his left ear, but Sherlock turns his head when he notices me noticing them, and I squish my reflexive protest before it could leave my mouth. So what if the marks are just the right angle to possibly be self-inflicted? It hardly matters how he acquired them.
Feedback is always welcome. ;)
your coat?”
Received at 23:00
“So… the fretboard is the long thing with the strings and the dots, right?”
“Oh, he’s very, very sure.”
Sent at 23:31
“So, I hope you know I can’t let you go to the Yard in this state, let alone… where were you going to go to collect evidence again?”
Sent at 21:14
John blinks in surprise at the inquiry, and the contemplative look on his face that follows ruins my good mood in an instant. No. He’s going to say no. But that can’t— why would he do that? He clearly enjoys the thrill that the cases could potentially bring, and he managed quite a few hours in my company without resorting to insults, so he should be—
to someone.
Sent at 22:50
“The diener? Why would—”
A hunch, huh?
For a moment I forget the whole point of this little exercise and nearly smile back, except—
close to shouting at my therapist, and even I can recognize that as a bit not good.
“Excellent!” he exclaims before opening the door and ushering me inside with a hand splayed at the small of my back, the imprints left by his fingertips burning long after he removes them.
“Stop!” he admonishes me but it’s half-hearted at best, so I ignore him. The fact that he doesn’t take his own advice seriously rather ruins the effect, too. “Stop, we can’t giggle, it’s a crime scene. Stop it!”
of those things dampen the feeling of amazement I feel when he gathers that the victim just arrived from Cardiff, based on nothing but a
This once, Greg said. I get to have this just this once.
My amusement is rather short lived though, because the man next to Greg starts talking, and when the camera zooms out there is one Mycroft Holmes standing to the D.I.’s right and the camera doesn’t stop its movement.
Sherlock’s voice is steady but holds no trace of a smile, and I wonder if that was only wishful thinking on my part. I hope it wasn’t.
radar, at least – the moment you died. Hope he’s not going to start reminiscing about you, because God knows I do more than enough of that on my own, despite my better judgement. Not that he strikes me as the warm and fuzzy type who would do something like that, but I’ve seen stranger things happen.
“Aren’t you supposed have this day off?”
“You were interested in her just minutes ago,” I blurt out before I could even settle on the type of reaction I’m trying to provoke, but John surprises me by not denying the truth of that statement. “What changed?”
“So,” John says after he clears his throat, “this is how you get your kicks, isn’t it? You risk your life to prove you’re clever.”
isn’t John spending his Friday evenings in my company?
“It’s nothing,” I try to infuse an audible smile into my voice, hoping it doesn’t sound as strained to her ears as it does to mine. “Just the clinic. False alarm.”
Ella doesn’t wait for me to elaborate beyond giving a short pause – she knows very well that I’m not above wasting a full session on sitting in silence unless she prompts me to talk.
For a moment I’m not sure how I should respond because Sherlock is clearly not alright: words like torture and shellshock are drifting around my mind every time I look at him, and he needs a friend, a real friend to help him through whatever this is, but I’m not sure if I can be what he needs me to be right now – not after he left me grieving my best friend for more than a year. I know why he did it, I know he jumped to save my life, and that feels like something I shouldn’t be allowed to hate him for, but…
“Mike, listen. I, um—”
“Um.”
”Stop apologizing. Stop being polite, stop acting like I need to be…
Sherlock,
“That wasn’t just me.”
“Amazing.”
Sent at 14:28
John. Brilliant.
“John? Why aren’t you sleeping?”
“Why on earth—”
My peripheral vision shows me Mike positively beaming in smug satisfaction. Not that I can blame him; John is truly—
“Lestrade!” I storm into the pub with no care for the bodies I have to shove away in order to get to the D.I.’s usual table, catching myself on the back of chairs more than once before I reach my destination. “It’s Hart! The murderer is Mason Hart!”
, for god’s sake!
“Right. I’m not buying that. Not with your cast,” I point to the offending item for good measure, and I catch his gaze not quite by accident, assessing me, head tilting a bit like on those rare occasions he forgets people are watching him when he’s deducing.
“What did you two use to talk about before?”
“No, what I’m saying is that he’s not—“ he cuts of abruptly when he notices me, eyes going wide for a second before he steal his expression into something more unreadable. “Never mind,” is all the explanation the person at the other end of the line gets, and the call is cut off without as much as a goodbye.
