"I saw that. Looked like fun." Tony smiled. "So, if you're done for the night, let's get you changed and go out for dinner somewhere before calling it a night."
Howard grumbled as he left the room, hands shoved deep in his pockets.
“Don’t. I get it. You’re an
Howard raised an eyebrow as he transferred the meat in his hands to a pan to put in the oven. “Maybe it’s time to move on, then. Find someone back home that you can stay safe with.”
"Maybe later, when we can sneak off and find somewhere no one can find us," Steve suggested.
“Boys, please,” Maria said in a raised voice, pushing her son back into the bed gently. “That’s quite enough. Howard, Tony is injured and in heat, can’t you let things go for once? He’s clearly not in proper shape to have this conversation.”
Malibu seemed as dim and drab as it had ever been in Tony’s whole life. The rain was never ending, the cold downpour drowning out the sounds of the city and the light chatter being held on the plane Tony, Howard, and Peggy were on. Their landing in southern California signaled the end of the war for them. They wouldn’t need to fight any longer, so long as the troops fighting the Nazis won the war. They had to win soon. There was almost no other choice in the matter. With Schmidt finally gone from the world, Hydra would fall to pieces, and the Nazis would soon follow a similar fate.
“I’ll go get the car ready.” Jarvis was there too. Everyone in the manor had come. Tony sobbed even louder as he clung to his father.
Steve shoved his pants down before approaching Tony, eyes focused in on the omega’s waiting hole. He couldn’t help but continue to growl, even as he trapped Tony on the bed and nuzzled underneath his chin, making pointless attempts to scent the omega. One knee went between Tony’s legs and pressed against the smaller cock.
“Tony!” Howard shoved things out of the way to get to his son, and when he pushed the screen away, he gasped and held shaking hands over his son’s unconscious body. “Oh my god…”
A big smile filled Steve’s face as he let himself be led by Tony, his heartbeat maybe speeding up just a little bit. “You seem eager to dance,” he said once the two of them were on the dance floor and moving to the music.
Tony sighed, “I know how to keep my own work secret.”
“Likewise,” Steve said, shaking Thor’s hand. “I hope it’s not too much of a bother that I’m here.”
Steve smiled and nuzzled Tony. “You don’t need to worry about me. I’m here for you, and I’m not leaving you for a long time.”
“You aren’t cute.” Miss Potts said, mostly to try and get them (Tony) back on track.” And you smell like grease and dirt.”
“Coffee doesn’t count.”
Italy was not as nice as Tony or Steve had hoped. Sure, the views were nice and all, and the weather wasn’t too bad in November, but the performances sure fell flat when they were in front of the men fighting for their country. Tony couldn’t say how many times he had been hit on by the soldiers since he and Steve arrived at the camp. It seemed the soldiers were far more interested in beta girls and omegas than watching a man dressed in tights ask them if they wanted to help him sock ol’ Adolf in the jaw.
“Why not?”
“You want to wait it out.” the father said. “Go into suspended animation and wait for Steve to be found before you wake up again.”
“Well, I’m still horny.” Tony said, pushing Steve so he’d sit up. The omega then shifted into Steve’s lap, facing him and fitting himself between his large torso and Steve’s dick that stood tall and hard along his crack, “And if you are wondering which
That got a laugh out of the omega, but also a playful punch thrown in Jarvis’s direction. “Okay, I think you had too much to drink.”
“There’s a lot of empty rooms used for holding hostages. We’ve got rooms to spare for newcomers.”
“It ended last night,” Tony said as he hugged his mother back. “To be honest, I don’t remember much of it. It’s all kind of a haze.”
“Sounds like you’re talking about a number close to infinity,” Steve said gently, running his fingers through his omega’s soft hair. He loved how long it had gotten since he last saw it.
"I never settle for knock-offs," the alpha said sternly. "I look for quality."
Tony had been lost in the moment of being ravaged by his alpha, letting loose several gasps and moans, until Steve nipped at his scent gland. That made the omega jerk and shiver at the same time, letting out a longer moan. “Oh god,” he rasped out, bringing a hand to the back of Steve’s head.
He should have felt panicked. He should have given out and submitted to all the alphas growling at him, but Tony was stronger now. He could resist those savage growls that demanded he obey, and he almost felt like he could growl back for once. He tried it out, letting out a growl from the back of his throat, though admittedly it wasn’t as strong of a growl as he had wished. It came out more like a weak gurgle, the mask around his mouth and nose not helping in the slightest.
“Good, because it can be hard to scoot our way through to the doors.”
“With all due respect, Sir, so am I.”
Finally agreeing with Steve, Tony sighed and tried to force down another wave of morning sickness. He was going to be miserable, but he wanted to fight. He had to. It wasn’t just his own freedom on the line, but the freedom of many other people in the world. No one deserved to be dictated by an alpha who only cared about money or fame or power.
Steve nodded. “As I’ll ever be.”
"One thing at a time, Tony," Steve said gently when the omega started to get worked up. "We've got a lot of time, we can do everything you want."
Tony nodded. “I’ll suggest that to him in a letter. If things calm down, it might be nice for him to come back home. I’m sure he’d like it.”
“—that I brought him into your madness at all.” James finished firmly.
Tony hummed, turning around in Steve’s arms. “Sleep well?”
“I don’t do that often… I just like to look around, see what I can work with since my dad doesn’t really let me work on anything with him, even though I’ve asked him several times.”
“Yeah, your mother won’t be happy, but I can’t help it.” Howard shook his head as he ate. “This whole Hydra business isn’t what I thought I’d be working on when I signed up to help the SSR.”
“You wouldn’t be bothering me. Company would be nice, actually.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah, I think the hard part is over. The rest of the night should go smoothly.”
"Hi, Tony, can I come in?"
“No fear of paparazzi taking a photo out of context?”
“So, Captain, just how do you like your omegas?” Tony asked, running his fingers through Steve’s feathery hair. As his other hand reached under a pillow for one of the condoms he knew would be there.
“He was already here! ...Kinda. He’s been in my personal lab so it counts!”
“That’s why I’m here…” she sighed and moved to sit on Howard’s lap instead, looking up into his eyes, “The doctor’s worried. He feels at this point that there isn’t much he can do. Tony needs the feeling of security, and Steve isn’t here to give him that. It’s up to us to try, and hope that it’s enough to bring back his appetite before it’s too late and he loses the very last thing he has of Steve…”
Howard quickly ran through lines of action. He saw knives on Tony’s belt, but that wasn’t going to help unless he needed to carve a line or hole into his son. Then his mind returned to the reactor. Remembering his own designs, he knew the reactor had some sort of electromagnet inside it. And of course magnets either repelled or attracted metal, depending on the magnetic levels of the metal. If the reactor had saved Tony for hours until he had taken it off, then it only made sense that the reactor had been pulling away the shrapnel from Tony’s heart.
“You’ve got my knot for a whole hour, Tony. You can do what you want with it, and maybe I’ll make you cum again. Would you like that?” Steve’s voice held a dangerous purr to it’s tone as he spoke, and he pulled his hips back just enough to pull against the omega’s entrance.
Before too long the two met up with Peggy once more, the three of them going to greet the colonel. The look Tony got from the older man didn't go unnoticed by the omega. He simply lowered his eyes to avoid too much confrontation. Having a staring contest wasn’t what this meeting was about.
"Well let's get something to settle that alcohol then."
With another Hydra base down, there were only a few left before the main base had to be discovered and taken down. Steve worked as hard as he could to locate the main base, but most of his efforts all ended with dead ends, no matter how hard he looked. He managed to always locate smaller bases and warehouses, but never any clues on the final base. It was beginning to get frustrating, but all their hard work had to lead to something eventually. Steve was determined to find information that would eventually give them a clue to the last location.
"Is he still alive? Where is he? Can I see him?"
“But I hate doing rounds. Alphas always get
Shaking the thought from his mind, Tony continued to eat about half his bowl of soup before he called it quits. His stomach was acting up again, and with as weak as he was, he really didn’t want to make a ton of trips to the bathroom.
Long after Maria settled in Tony’s room to take care of him, there came a soft knock, Jarvis’s head popping in. “The doctor is here. Shall I let them in?”
“He takes better care of me than you do!” Tony jumped to get his bottle back, but Howard held them just out of his son’s reach. “Give them back! They’ve given me more freedom than you’ll ever give me!”
Tony rolled his eyes with a chuckle. “I’m sure that’s it, and they’re not staring at me because I’m currently the only omega in here and I’m all dressed up.”
Steve chuckled, starting to head to the entrance of the base. "You're nothing like your dad from what I've seen. I wouldn't give him credit for any part of your life either."
Tony cleared his throat, feeling another round of tears slowly creeping up on him. “Well, Steve still hasn’t been found yet… and at this point I don’t think he’ll be found unless some miracle in technology happens.”
“Yes, this meeting was scheduled for one.”
Tony chuckled and leaned in to kiss Steve’s cheek before getting up, “Better get back to that TV before Rhodey yells at me again.”
“I should have had Jarvis tell someone of his condition when he was dropped off at the plane to be taken back to London…” Maria sighed.
"Don't keep me waiting too long, Captain."
“I promise, you belong here like everyone else that’s eating right now.”
It had only been the first time that day that they had gotten intimate, but Tony felt right out exhausted trying to provide all he could for his alpha in rut. Truthfully, Tony just wanted to sleep until his heat started up, and then he could handle taking Steve’s rut cock more than once in a day.
Sighing, and giving up painting for the day, Steve put down the paint roller and pulled out his phone, not bothering to look at who was calling before answering.
Steve sighed as he left Tony standing alone for just a moment. He grabbed some ammunition and one of the chorus girls' helmets, the one with the A on it. "We better get going."
“Oh, I expect your place to be cluttered with paint stuff. It’s fine.” Tony shrugged, “And eh, I use a little side room off my lab to sleep most of the time, so my penthouse isn’t as soaked in my scent as you’d think.”
“Would you consider at least one dance tonight with me? The music is nice, and we all seem to be happy.” Steve’s eyes softened, their gorgeous blue color captivating Tony as he looked up at the alpha.
Steve's eyes widened as he caught the slight whiff of flirtiness in the omega's scent. It was nice to see Tony be a little like his old self, but still, they had a visitor. "Yes, my omega, everything," he managed to say without sounding too excited.
“God I love you, Steve…”
“Well, forgive me for being a bit skeptical over the claims that you two are old men that used to shoot Nazis back in the forties, but I need to see how the science on that checks out, first. Until then, you two are just two handsome alphas in your late twenties, maybe early thirties.” Tony said.
Tony also kept in shape when he had free time. He’d often go on runs around the neighborhood, knowing he was safe enough to do so. No one dared do anything to upset a Stark, especially not the omega Stark who was worth far more than most people made in a year. Those little runs gave Tony a bit of freedom to escape and just be himself. He appreciated the moments he had alone to think and collect his thoughts, especially since he didn’t have Steve around to keep him grounded in reality.
isn’t an issue?” Tony asked, looking up at Steve.
“And if you did have a number?”
Curled up next to Steve on the jet, Tony let his years of being brave melt away and expose his soft core; which no one but Steve now were allowed to see. Anthony Edward Stark still had a name, an image to uphold, but in the quiet moment on the plane, he was as fragile as a flower, as peaceful as a bubbling creek on a warm spring day. Tony was a prince at the end of a long war, fought bravely all the way to the end, and at last he was resting with his king, the alpha whom he loved with his entire being, affection transcending time itself, because just like any fairytale, true love was what won wars and broke spells. The kindness of a lover spoken millions of words to the right person, and love was all Tony felt in that moment. No remorse, no sadness, no guilt or emptiness.
“Come on, Tony,” Howard kept saying, willing his son to open his eyes and be at ease. “Fight, Tony. Fight like you did on the battlefield…”
Tony grinned and kissed Steve’s cheek with enough care not to leave an obvious lip gloss print behind. “I’d make out with you like a teenager right now but we both need our hair to look nice when we arrive.”
Bruce smiled, leaning into the large alpha and pressing a kiss to his jaw, “Glad you could make it.” he teased. “This is Rhodey’s new friend Steve, and uh, I guess Tony’s proclaimed him as his new boyfriend, so he’ll likely be in the group more often from now on.”
“Fuck,” the omega whispered when Steve sucked harder than previously and started bobbing his head at a decent speed. “S-steve…”
Tony nodded. “You know, I thought I had a chance at becoming a good friend of yours, but that was before I realized you were going to become a freaking tree.”
“I hope you find Bucky,” Tony said quietly, to which he received a hug from the alpha. He inhaled the rich scent of Steve, letting out an involuntary moan.
Tony landed a punch to yet another Hydra agent’s face with a growl, then shot them until they stopped moving. The growling stuck until the assault team soldiers blasted through the hangar door nearby, and Tony rushed to enter with them. Inside was chaos, soldiers fighting agents, agents getting shot down, soldiers evaporating into nothingness. But all the fighting was expected. What wasn’t expected was the gigantic plane that was speeding away down the runway that had been built into the hangar, and chasing after it, as fast as his legs  could carry him, was Steve, sprinting like his life depended on it. Still, even he was not fast enough to catch up to the plane, and both Tony and Peggy could see that.
Tony turned around, “I’m not.”
“Is that so bad? Is that
“Tony, she came on me, I swear,” the blond tried again. “You have to believe me.”
Tony was quick to pull his head back enough so he was still on Steve’s cock but wasn’t close to the knot. He took in every drop of Steve’s cum, groaning as it hit the back of his throat. There was a hell of a lot of cum, but Tony took it all into his mouth and swallowed, making a face at the bitter taste once he took his mouth off of Steve.
Howard finally got to pull away from the meeting he was dragged into after the base had mostly cleared out. Not once had he seen Tony when he had the chance to glance up, and he hoped that his son had been able to return, despite losing Steve. Howard had to remind himself that he had to be gentle with his son, because otherwise, he might lose all contact with Tony due to the actions of his past.
“Thank you…”
"Yes, but it's also the organization I stand with and work for. Hydra will rise to start it's new world order, and nothing can stop it from happening." Steve sat back with a smile. "But for now, we don't have to worry about that. I don't need to bore you with information the public isn't supposed to know."
Tony laughed, “All of which has happened at least once to me before.”
Tony sighed happily as he leaned back and looked up at the blond. “See? Little mess to clean up.”
“Tony, it’s about Bucky… he… he’s dead…”
Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck and inhaled the sweet scent that belonged to his omega. “Oh, Tony, I’m so sorry I left you. I didn’t want to, I really didn’t. I had your picture in my compass the whole time I was going down, and I…”
As the doctors came into the room with Peggy trailing behind them, the omega sought the comfort of his father that he had wanted for so long. He muttered out a few words before the doctors became too preoccupied with him.
,” Tony nearly yelped. “I don’t know if we’re ready for that quite yet…”
Steve made a sort of choked noise as Bucky pushed him closer to Tony with a shit-eating grin. “You know, you could make an effort to get your own omega,” he said when Tony was back in his arms, hugging him.
“Tony.”
Tony didn’t have time to react at what came next. Steve was suddenly right in front of him and capturing his lips in a long and gentle kiss, strong hands cupping his face with a cautious strength that made Tony whine and cry new tears.
“We love you so much,” Maria said.
“I think that can be arranged.” Bucky offered his hand to Clint. “Care to join me in my room?”
Steve furrowed his eyebrows together before he finally opened his eyes and looked around from the laying position he was in.
“Wow, I thought that was just between us two, Honeybear.”
Tony looked a little disappointed, but he knew Steve was going to be working on actual military stuff after saving all those soldiers in Italy. "Then I'll be hoping for no dire situations to come up."
“Tony?”
“Tony…” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, holding tight, but loosening his grip when the omega gasped in pain. Mostly healed but still in pain, all because of Steve.
“Tony.” Miss Potts sighed.
“Yes Steve, please, Steve.” Tony shifted so that he rubbed up against Steve’s cock, “Let me feel you, you sexy beast.”
For the rest of that day, the couple put up decorations and made cookies as snacks during breaks. Decorating the whole manor would take time, especially since decorations outside still needed to be put up. Nevertheless, within only a couple days, the Stark manor was looking cheerful and festive, which seemed to lift the spirits of everyone. Even a bit of soft Christmas music was playing in the parlor to further increase the holiday cheer.
"Oh… I'm sorry it took that for you two to have a good relationship."
Tony blushed as Steve’s hands rested on his hips. The omega leaned forward, cupping Steve’s dirty face in his hands and kissing him gently. Despite his growing need, Tony was also glad to simply have his alpha back. It was a tender moment, all touches light and almost hesitant. Almost like Steve was scared to hurt Tony if he grabbed too hard.
"Finally," Bucky muttered as he stepped out first, turning and waiting for the rest of the group to exit.
“Hope so, I want to be a good omega but don’t want to give up robotics for it.”
As the two left the balcony, Tony smiled and grabbed Steve’s hand, leaning against the alpha as he let slip a few tears. He was right, he was finally happy again with Steve, and though he left a lot behind, Tony didn’t feel a bit of regret as he walked beside his alpha once more. All his worries were washing away with the rain the more time he spent with Steve, and though his suffering from anxiety and depression wouldn’t end any time soon, Tony was feeling better than he had  in a very long time. It was safe to say he was allowed to be a bit selfish when it came to spending time with his mate.
“They help make us feel better, yeah…” Tony popped one of the chocolates into his mouth and hummed happily as he closed his eyes. “Granted, they put me on liquid suppressants, but that hardly does shit when you’re already in heat. Really only works before or after one.”
“Steve you go left, I’ll take the right,” Bucky shouted out. “We’ll see if we can flank them and get their focus on us, then the rest can make a running front towards the base and let loose.”
“I love you in such amazing amounts that I don’t have a
The rest of the day was spent eating, listening to music in the parlor, and sharing stories from childhood. It was a relaxing day in the manor, which in turn caused a wave of sleepiness to wash over the four occupants. Steve and Tony retired to their room to clean up and to cuddle in bed until they grew too tired to keep their eyes open any longer. They admired their rings together and talked of future plans for a wedding. All the positive talk made the two forget entirely of the war and all evil that came with it. There was no need to talk of the bad, and the couple was very much okay with that.
"If you need anything-" Natasha starts, but Tony raises a hand cutting her off mid sentence.
Steve held Tony's eyes with his own, face falling deadly serious. "I know that I have done a lot that I will never fully be able to earn your forgiveness for, but I'm going to try. I am going spend every waking moment proving to you how much I love you. Tony, when you came back into my life it was like that little bit of me that was missing had suddenly returned. I will never forget the way I felt like I could take on whatever life threw at me, as long as I had you by my side, that I could finally .. I could finally be happy again."
"I've had my struggles." Steve said with a roll of his eyes. "but still she will be road ready when I'm done with her."
Steve wants to roll his eyes, or tell Tony to stop, but he's already ducked into his bathroom, and the shower water is running. He knows the drill, so Steve gathers his clothes, dresses on his way out and heads back to his floor.
"So what exactly are we getting at here?" Sam asked.
Steve wiped the hot tears from his cheeks, blinking back any more that threatened to fall. "Then try." He croaked. "I will stay and we can try." His fingers hitched over his collar, pulling the hidden chain off his skin. He grasped the small circle at the end between his fingers, not daring to look at the other man. "Fix me."
Steve was frowning, but he gave a small nod. "I am so sorry."
In the end, Howard had gotten his way, really. He had broken up a couple of stupid kids, and got Tony to take over the company, it was rather ingenious. Of course, Tony knew he couldn't believe that was the plan all along, but it finally felt nice to put the blame on someone else. Maybe, if they had just distanced themselves a bit more, they could have avoided the entire situation.
"You all need to learn to leave Steve alone." Tony stated, unable to stop the soft smile that came to his lips as he looked over the super soldier. "I think he looks nice-" Tony glanced to Barton "and unlike some of you in this room actually put some effort into himself."
"What's the point in avoiding it, everyone knows we have unfinished business." Tony shrugged "Besides I know I would regret it if I didn't go, call me selfish, but I like to see how much better I am doing in life."
"I have to go." Tony swallowed back the bile that was rising in his throat, forcing himself to turn away, blinking himself back into reality. He needed to look away from Steve so he turned directly into Natasha, completely forgetting that she was at his side. "I have to go." He repeated, this time directly to her.
Between his fingers, Tony spun the metal around, feeling the scuffs that covered it. That would teach him to never take it off, to ruin something as beautiful as simple as the ring. He had dirtied it, he had become attached to it, he had loved it so much he destroyed it. Like everything else.
Steve got it, or at least thought he did as he spoke, and a pained look spread over Tony's face.
When he got inside his room, and made sure the door was closed and locked behind him, it took everything inside Tony not to start crying. Steve did not deserve his tears, not again. But the little lobby trip down memory lane was nearly enough to bring him back to that low feeling he had the day Steve left him.
"Steve and I have a history." Tony said with an easy shrug of his shoulders. "It ended very badly and I never thought I would have to see him again is all." and that much was true. "I just had a momentary shock to the system, I promise you it will not be a thing."
Maybe they could have made it work.
"I love you." He whispered into the room. Grabbing Tony's hand in his own, and resting his forehead on the side of the hospital bed. "I am so in love with you Tony, I want you to know when I say it to you I mean it." His thumb traced every knuckle. "Please wake up, I love you."
"Good." She dropped her hands to Tony's shoulders, smoothing the fabric of his shirt "There is a tall handsome man waiting for you out there, he loves you for who you are, what you do and everything else that no one else in this world can tolerate." now she was smirking. "If someone can do that for you, the least you can do for them is love yourself enough to look past your bullheadedness." Her nimble fingers grabbed the ends of the bow tie that lay helplessly at his collar. "And if there is one thing you can do for the eighty people currently sitting out in the courtyard, the eighty people that are here because they love you and Steve and want to see you two happy-" She twisted the blue fabric around knotting a perfect bow. "the one thing you can do is get your ass out there and show them how much you love each other."
"I have no excuses." He finally spoke, eyes wound closed, afraid to see the world around him. "I ran away from what I had to try and get something I thought I wanted." pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes he steadied his breathing, though the tears kept flowing. "I am not the man I once was. I am broken, and I am lost."
Steve looked confused as he came up to the work table. "Tony, I don't want you to take them back. Unless of course, you didn't mean them, I just wanted you to know, that I knew."
Tony inhaled the bitter liquid, humming with sleepy pleasure.
"I will call you when I land." Tony says with a fond roll of his eyes. "Remember, it's the little green button for answer - God we need to get you an updated phone old man."
"Thanks, for that." He huffed before leveling with Tony across the table. "It was once, right after we.. I tried to see you, and was promptly removed by security on the order of someone named Potts." Again he looked to Natasha, who just mouthed sorry back at him.
"Steve." Tony pried his eyes off of his armor to look at the blonde. He was still in his Captain America outfit, the cowl had been pulled off leaving his hair in disarray, but the dirty torn suit remained, as did the dust and dirt painting Steve's white cheeks. "What do you want from me?"
"Pardon?" Tony asks, genuinely shocked. He even finds himself leaning away from Bucky's outstretched hand, as if it was there to hit him, and not shake his own.
Tony the man that made his heart flutter into his throat and his stomach twist into the biggest butterflies known to man. Tony, the brunette beauty that made him smile, and laugh, and made him feel some kind of way.
Steve can't help but like it. Along with the other Millions of people.
Steve's already continuing. "I am Steve Rogers, I am in a loving relationship with Tony Stark, and-" he levels a look at his phone. "I am Captain America, I stand for all American's, not just the straight ones, I defended this country, still do. I fought for freedoms, and I continue to protect the earth where I can and how I can.  If you don't like it, well.. too bad for you."
Steve looked back down, down at the city streets he could barely make out in the snow fall. “You know I've lost everyone I've ever loved.”
“Please.” Tony’s voice was closer know, and Steve knew what that meant.
"Last night at the hotel." Tony clarifies, taking a few confident steps towards Steve, at least he hopes they're confident. "I wanted you to kiss me, but you didn't."
Tony's headache was feeling much better now that the Advil had kicked in, though the well rounded breakfast may have also helped. So while Steve was sending his friends off for their various busy days, he took it upon himself to begin loading the dish washer.
For years Tony lived on assumptions, and now he had answers.  Why it didn't cross his mind that Howard was somehow involved shocked him.  He really should have seen the signs, one of the last terrible things he did before he died. They were practically children, and they were both stupid.
"Later." She commanded. "First let me actually introduce you to everyone."
Natasha sighed, the quick change of subject would almost be enough to give someone whiplash, but neither Natasha nor Bucky seemed to mind. "Clint is snoring on your couch where he passed out."
Tony kicked in his thrusts and did a barrel spin out of the way as a missile came straight for him, he had managed to move just in time for it to smash into the side of an unsuspecting building.
But the wrath would be worth it, if it took him away from -
"Well I wouldn't have if they made it something I could remember!" Steve raised his hands, feeling the frustration bubble back up. "I mean I get the whole Capitalized letters and numbers thing, but I swear to God they didn't even use a real word, and then they wouldn't let me write it down."
"Sometimes, the people we love are idiots." She says plainly, before stretching back out over the bed, this time tucking the pillow behind her head. "Have you ever ordered anything from one of these?"
"You'd like to believe that, wouldn't you." Clint egged her on.
"We need more drinks." Natasha stated, clearly a bottle of wine already in.
"You're doing great sweetie." Tony replies with the quick change of topic, before stabbing a tomato with his fork. "Where's Mr Romanov?"
"I'm pretty cute, huh?" Steve asked with a quirk of his eyebrow, causing another memory to flash through Tony's head. "Cute enough to woo?"
Tony found himself smiling back from across the bar, allowing himself a moment to notice how the blue in Steve's shirt really brought out the blue in his eyes, they were always blue but depending on what he wore, or where he was, they were different shades, and Tony had never quite seen anything like them, and before he had a chance to get lost in them, he was violently reminded of another one of his brilliant drunk comments.Complimenting Steve's
Tony had captioned the photo 'Just my new friends and I & Hawkeye.'
"What do you normally do?" Steve asked out of habit, not even fully understanding what he was asking.
"About time you learn." Tony replied turning his attention back to his phone, a new email from Pepper coming through with the subject line '
"We have chimpanzees in power." Tony replied plainly, scrubbing a hand over his forehead, leaving a trail of dirt as he did. "The majority of the population will tell you that they don't see the color of people's skin, or other religions don't bother them, and that being Gay is A-O-K, and for the most part they mean it." He finally pulled his eyes up to look at his confused and angry friend. "But stumble into the wrong state at the wrong time and you will find that a lot of people are still terribly old fashioned."
Later turned into hours, in fact Tony completely lost track of time. His food had arrived at some point and been devoured shortly after, but then he got lost in his own head, and had dozed off again some time after that. The sharp knock at the door forced him up, then it came again and he tried to blink away the sleep before padding to the hotel door. He was barely awake, but the knocking continued, getting more and more frantic with every Step Tony took.
"Tony." Steve warned, "You're so drunk."
"Over? I thought this was just intermission." Tony sighs, twisting in his chair to look at Steve. "You'll have to forgive me, this is my first wedding."
Steve shifted on his feet, as if he didn't expect to get that kind of reaction. "I'm sorry Tony." The words themselves were long over due. "I am sorry for what I did, I wish I could go back and fix them, I wish I could take all the pain I caused you back."
"Oh Fuck off!" Clint's voice tore through the room, making Steve and Tony jump back and glare at the archer in the door way. "Now I owe Natasha AND Sam money, Fuck you both." Clint threw his arms up in the air before pointing an accusatory finger in Tony's direction. "And fuck you in particular, what the hell man, You hit on everyone but me,I'm definitely more attractive than Sam, What gives."
"Aren't you at work?" Steve asked, still turning away from Sam, as to not let the flushed look he now wore be seen.
"Yes you can." she spoke softly, taking a few swift steps towards the billionaire.
This drew a chuckle from Tony, though he closed his eyes again. "Don't you think you should make an honest man out of me before you make such requests?"
"No, I need you." Steve's voice was shaky and but clear. "I need you too Tony."
"Tired?"  Steve's voice caused Tony's head to snap up, damn him and his super soldier skills, you'd figure a guy as big as Steve would at least make some noise when entering a room, let alone someone's personal space. He offered Tony an apologetic smile from across the bar counter, knowing exactly what he did. "Hand me one will ya?"
Tony immediately feels his stomach drop as he remembered that day. It was their second date, if you could call what they did dating. They really just gravitated together, and stuck. But Tony remembers being on the Santa Monica pier and riding the roller coaster five times in a row before demanding Steve get in the photo booth. Which he argued was a stupid idea, but still crawled right in after Tony.
"How could you guess." Steve manged to deadpan, making his way to the workbench Tony sat behind, suddenly wishing he had through the whole thing though, even just enough to have remembered a pair of shoes.
"SMASH-" Hulk roared and he burst past Captain America, launching himself at the giant drone hovering above the city streets.
"Whats that supposed to mean?" Steve asked with a quirk of his eyebrow.
"Hey there stranger." Tony tried to play it off cool and casual, which only gained him another laugh from Natasha.
When they cut through, a short dirty blond wolf whistled. "So he's not a figment of your imagination!" And that had to be-
"Tony, Baby-" Steve is panting, confused and disorientated, because Tony is crying. "What did I do, are you okay?"
"You guys have no idea how good he is at these speech things." Tony says with a smirk into the camera. "Anything else Cap?"
"Tony please." Steve pleads out to the ceiling, letting his head fall back against the couch in the workshop. "Before I get even older and die."
"You two make out like you're in high school."
"You didn't screw it up with me Tony." Pepper sighed "We're different people, but we didn't - you didn't screw up." she placed a palm against his cheek offering up a soft smile. "Listen to me Tony Stark, you are a brilliant smart selfless man, you hide behind your toys and your inventions, but beneath it all you are worthy of so much more than you give yourself, that much I know from experience."
"Well it didn't feel right to just up and leave right away, felt kind of selfish to sell it all off and take the money and run, so I stuck it out." Steve slowed his pace, allowing himself to fall in line with Tony instead of leading him. "I've been here seven years now, I've debated selling it, but I just don't know where I'd go next."
Tony Froze, frowning down at himself before up at Steve, and those words. And Steve was beginning to panic until Tony's frown turned into a full on pout, and he replied. "You only love me when I'm dirty."
Steve gave him a nod, sliding his shield onto his back. "the clean up crew will be here shortly, do one more pass just to make sure they're all deactivated and then head back to the tower, we'll debrief there." Tony gave a two fingered salute through the armor before taking off and heading directly back to the tower.
Steve's eyebrows raised before he asked. "Weren't you here to meet someone?"
"Sure, I get one and then what?" Steve sighs, knowing he's lost and better off left for dead at this point. "I post a few pictures and you two leave me alone?"
Tony was struggling to process the information, he had always thought it was because Steve was bored with him. Because someone else was hotter, because the other woman was enough, that she was better. Tony always assumed it was because of him. "Howard?" he found himself questioning.
The wedding ceremony itself is beautiful, and of course it is. Tony would expect no less, not from Natasha. When the music started and everyone stood, he made a point to look at the front, Bucky's breath was taken away the second he laid eyes on Natasha, and Tony could see why when she glided past him.
"Like you can talk!" Clint spat "You literally have grease stains on your pants."
Tony can't help but relish in the overwhelming Deja Vu sensation, carefully lowering himself back down into the bed, not wanting to lose it, not just yet. For a small moment in time he could hold on to something that almost felt normal, something he missed. So instead Tony takes the time to look at Steve, and admire the way the sunlight comes through the window and hits him. "If I see whatever that is you're drawing end up in any gossip magazines you'll be hearing from my lawyers."
Tony had decided first thing when he got out of bed in the morning that he was not going to let the previous nights events get the best of him. It was a few days, he could manage to put on a happy face, and if he got through it in one piece he could go home to New York and pretend like it all never happened.  Besides there was a lot planned for the day, and Tony needed to be there, he had promised Natasha.
"And Thirdly?" Natasha asked, because she knew Tony enough to know it was coming.
"I'm not that easy, regardless of what the gossip sites say." Tony protests, reaching for the glass of water on the bedside table, choosing to ignore the way Steve looks anywhere but at him.
"As if." Pepper droned. "You and I couldn't even agree on who's side of the bed was who's, you and I would have never worked closure or not. I just think maybe with all the time that has passed it's time you two had a conversation. What are you afraid of?"
"OH" Rhodey faked surprise. "So there
Tony clocked it the second he saw the lamp on the table, he had worked under it almost every night. The lamp itself would constantly go out, they could barely afford to keep the electricity on during a good month so it was this awful battery run lamp. No matter how may times Tony tried to put it on a self sustaining charge it never kept. It was one of the few great failures of his life. And there it was, painted in a steady hand staring back at him. He hadn't thought of that lamp in years, and now it was slapping him in the face, reminding him of everything else he had failed at, reminding him of everything that might have been.
He wouldn't judge, seeing as he was dressed in the same suit from the night before, evidence of what transpired peppering the skin of his collarbone and neck. Natasha hadn't done more than give a knowing smile.
"That's the problem." Steve said, a glint to his eye that told the team he had something else in mind. "My next post I'll just have to remind them all that I'm also Steve Rogers."
"Steve." Clint snorted. "Look at him he wore a dress shirt to movie night."
"I've heard New York is nice in the winter." Tony suggested, managing to keep his glance towards the tree line, and the small garage they were coming up to. It looked old, not updated like the rest of the property, the wood was chipping and the metal was rusting.
"You know a few hundred years ago these things called telephones were invented, they're rather nifty inventions." Tony rolled his eyes, before leaning his body up against the door frame, proving a point that he was not going to allow Steve in. "If you use one, you can speak to people at any time of the day, without having to see their faces"
"I am going to need more coffee if you want to make a sex tape Steve." Tony teases, turning his head towards the phone. It's not until he finishes talking, and notices Steve's face color bright red, right before quickly covering his face with a hand that Tony realizes what's actually going on. "This is live, isn't it?"
"Don't care." Tony mumbled into Steve's chest, closing his eyes and listening to the beating of his boyfriends heart. Boyfriend, a word he wasn't sure he'd ever use again when talking about Steve, but there he was.
Then Tony pointed to the red head and joyously said "I believe that one is Natasha which means you," he stepped towards the guy next to her holding a hand out. "Are James, and it's nice to officially meet you."
"Are we talking about that girls boyfriend again?" Clint rolled his eyes as he walked into the kitchen.
"Forever sounds a bit drastic." Steve took the bottle and twisted off the cap, he could still see the remainder of a blush coloring Tony's cheeks, and wondered for a second if maybe the brunette was a little more aware of the happenings of the night before than he was letting on. "Was it really that bad last night?"
"They're coming." Bucky called back, stepping out of the door, arm full of bottles, which thankfully Steve helped disperse to the table. "You all need to work on your patience." he grumbled to himself, just as Clint came out holding a few gently wrapped presents in his arms.
But she hasn't, and she reminds him of this by asking, "Did he call you? He wouldn't tell me what happened today, just that he needed your number urgently."
"Double or nothing." Clint blurted. "Too easy."
"We are all human." Steve replies before catching himself and adding "Or at least most of us, Thor definitely is an alien, at least as far as Earth's concerned."
"What?" The stranger repeated, pushing himself back into his own side of the booth as he spoke.
"All he did was send a letter. I was old enough to make my own decisions." Steve answered plainly, clearly years of thinking it over had rationalized it all for him. "And I knew I hurt you, and I couldn't face you so I fought to end it all. I figured I deserved to lose you as punishment for hurting you."
"I know." Tony says as he leans forward to place a soft kiss on Steve's lips. And boy does he know, he's got a front row seat to the privacy rant more than once. "you're a very private guy, and I like that about you, but you don't have to share anything you don't want to, and I can teach you."
"Yes, I have." He admits, allowing himself to rest against the pillows behind him. "Do you remember the blow flex?"
whatever
Tony, as best he can, explains emoji's, how they can mean a lot more than the usual innocent smiley sent in a text. How some things, can be an innuendo for something a lot less simple.
When Bucky and Natasha enter, they're met with hollers and whistles, and then the music starts and they gracefully move around the dance floor for their first dance. Tony can't help but watch how much their love radiates as they stare into each other, and finds himself hopeful that he'll get to experience that with Steve one day, maybe.
"Who had a date?" Tony asked turning back towards the group, movie previewing on the screen behind him.
Steve ignores him for a solid week. He ditches out of rooms as soon as Tony enters, he's noticeably absent for dinners and movie nights, and has begun taking the stairs, just to avoid the elevator in the off chance that Tony might be inside. The team notices, but Tony just smiles and shrugs, as if it's not bothering him, because it's not. He had expected as much after the way Steve all but ran from his penthouse.
Tony decided not to comment on the way Steve's eyes had darkened and his fingers twitched at his sides, and instead remind himself that he still had
It barely rang twice before it was answered.
of ya'll. Months Steve says, Months you let me go on clueless."
"Goodnight Tony."
Instead Tony forces himself to sit up again, leaning against the headboard. "Can we help you?"
"I would - Yes. Please." Steve sighed, letting his cheek press into his palm, and his elbow rest against the cool metal of Tony's workbench, allowing himself a second to relax, or try to. He found himself staring at Tony as he worked, zoning into the task at hand, like always, almost oblivious to his surroundings. Which in a workshop as advanced as his was a feat in its own. Steve reminded himself it's not polite to stare, and turned his attention to said shop. The space itself was quiet magnificent, he hadn't obviously, spent a lot of time in there, so he gave himself permission to take it in while he could. There were projects spread out all over the place, some clear in what they were going to be, Steve could spot new Widow Bites from across the room, but some - most - were less obvious.
"Uh-huh" Clint furrowed his brow, shifting slightly on the couch as Steve sat down. "Did you do your hair too?"
"Yikes." Rhodey had known Tony for long enough to know there wasn't much Drunk Tony could do that Sober Tony wouldn't. Drunk Tony very rarely had regrets. "Now I really want to know what you said."
Tony realizes as they're stepping towards each other that they still hadn't lost their ability to communicate without words. Because it takes just a look and then they're kissing, softly and slowly. Tony's hands dragging the fabric of Steve's jackets off those large shoulders, with Steve mimicking the movement.  They're two men moving in sync with the same goal, but it's not hurried or needy. Every touch is soft and calculated.
"Alright Cap." Tony sighed, watching the comments run up the screen, this was going to be a mess to clean, but he couldn't help but also feel a little pleased, a little validated, and completely head over heels in love with the idiot holding the phone. "What did you want to say."
Steve's fingers hovered over the post button for a second more before he looked up at Sam. "Is this pushing it too far?"
"Home" Tony hummed, finally removing his hand from Steve's lap. "You know I might need some more help."
Steve looked up now, a pained look on his face as he watched Tony try and brush the whole thing off, but Tony didn't care. He did not want to live through the sympathetic look that Natasha was now shooting him, or the sharp pain in his chest, just from remembering what Steve did to him ten years ago.
"What about Steve?" Natasha asks with a rise of his eyebrow.
"I know." Tony cringed and then looked back down at the gauntlet on the table. "It's not the kiss that's bothering me."
"Oh he is the worst at giving presents." Natasha explained, as she carefully pulled back the paper of the gift. "Sometimes he knocks it out of the park, but more often than not it's something I won't use, or something he wanted."
The warmth of the tower hit him like a ton of bricks, sending a flare up his arms and through his body, welcoming every inch.
Steve eyed the laptop, he did not like the look of the smirk on Tony's lips. "Which is?"
Once he sat down, Sam said something about the pasta - which was what was in the bowls in the middle of the table, just as Steve appeared again with a cutting board of fresh garlic bread, and a drink for himself.
"Ah." Tony replies, and it's too telling because he's quickly squinting back up at the screens.
"Stop." Steve huffed, stepping away from the couch and Clint's grasp, trying to think of a witty caption, but something also misleading.
"Oh no." Pepper sighed, and her eyes narrowed. "You have this very familiar look like I might regret something soon."
"Did grandmas plane crash?" Tony asked, with just a little spite once Steve hung up, though he kept with his motions of picking up some rolled poster paper. Setting it carefully on the desk.
------
"Yeah." Tony exclaimed, pointing a finger from the other hand at Steve's face. "That's the look I was talking about."
Ignoring her request he continued to move, this was not helping. He was hot, too hot. His palms were sweaty - everything was sweaty. Pulling at his collar he nearly shouted "Did someone turn the heat up in here!"
"I was just looking." Pepper's shoulders raised into an effortless shrug, and Tony continued laughing.
Stepping into the hot shower, letting the hot water wash over him, giving him a false sense of recovery, Tony smiled at the thought of being too drunk to remember Captain America bringing him home. He must have been some drunk, to forget that.  He could only imagine the look of disappointment he probably wore when he arrived to get Tony -  oh.
"I was wondering if I could kiss you." Steve immediately see's the confusion wash over Clint's face, so he quickly finds himself adding. "On the cheek, for a social media experiment."
Tony's fingers swipe across Steve's phone and then he's looking up and smirking. "You have almost a million followers and it's only been up for twenty minutes."
"How did you even get that in here?" Steve stared down at his motorcycle,
"I should probably get back to the hotel."  Tony glanced once more around the garage. "It sounds like you should be getting back as well." Tony motioned to the phone in Steve's hand that was once again ringing.
." Tony agreed, glancing at the first person on the far right. "That's Sam, groomsmen." He pointed to the built man against the refrigerator, before moving to the blonde next to him. "That's Sharon, Bridesmaid, beautiful smile-" he added, just to watch her blush and Clint gape.
"I found out, we broke up, yadda yadda-" Tony tried, he didn't want to be here for this he didn't want to live through these memories a second time.
"There we go." Tony said softly as he pulled through the last side creating an even bow, before flipping back down the collar. Unable to stop himself as he smoothed his hands down the front of Steve's white shirt. His hands lingered, slowly moving across the white fabric, before he looped his fingers behind the lapels of Steve's suit jacket.
"No." Steve says, pulling Tony against himself. "Is it too hard to believe I just wanted to dance with you?" he asks, Steve's voice is low and confident keeping their conversation as personal as he can, as people dance around them, but no one cares enough to pay them much mind anyways.
"I was in love." Steve finally spoke with a soft shrug, eyes cast downward as he shifted in his seat, obviously uncomfortable with being forced down memory lane.
"Lesson learned." Pepper replied dryly, sorting out her papers and tucking them back into a folder. "Your turn now, next time I ask you to pay attention in a meeting because I'll be calling to you to talk, pay attention."
"Sure,
"Oh Sweet Jesus." Tony exclaimed, as he slid into the booth. "It's hot as shit out there, why did we decide to spend the summer here? Seriously." he sighed, pulling his sunglasses off his face and tossing them onto the diner table with a clank.
not going there.
But this wasn't about Steve. That's what he kept repeating to himself as he poured himself into his blue three piece Tom Ford Suit, and fixed his tie. Tucking his important items into his pocket before heading down to the front desk.
Tony sighed, looking down at the grease that had just exploded over his jeans, the engine block just wasn't cooperating, and sure sure, laugh it up Rogers- don't make me come over there.
Besides, they were trying to be friends, and what else were friends for, if not to help.
Tony had no choice but to laugh at his own memory. "I think I actually told him to stop discriminating against my babies, like all these half dismantled circuit boards and mechanical parts were my children, and he called me a maniac, rightfully so."
Tony raised on his toes to look past Steve's shoulders at the kitchen staff,  a variety of women and men, but none of them wearing a bow tie. "From them?" Tony found himself asking, and knowing it came out far more snotty than he had meant it. "I mean, what are Sam and Barnes doing with theirs?"
"You're pathetic." Her words are harsh but her tone is fond, and Steve chuckles because he knows too well they should expect no less. "Tell Pepper thanks for the flowers."
Tony sighed, running a hand through his messy hair. "I need a date, not some fame chaser hanging off my arm all night."
Her dress was ivory, simple and form fitting. The back of the dress hung low, her hair was tied high, and her skin was glowing. Tony had to sneak a photo off his phone and send it to Pepper, because she needed to see this, it was absolutely stunning. The ceremony itself was short, but sweet, and the amount of love that poured out of Natasha and Jame's mouth was enough to make anyone feel a swell of emotion. Tony would never admit it, but his eyes fell to Steve more than once through the ceremony.
Turns out, Instagram wasn't the worst thing Steve could have gotten. The next morning, after sneaking out of Tony's penthouse, and going for his morning run he stopped in the shared kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee. He set himself up on the island, next to the large windows, where the morning sun was beginning to seep into the building.
"It's true." Steve says, looking down at his steak as he cuts a piece, mindlessly carrying on the conversation. "When we first met, he literally just pointed at himself then at me and immediately made very graphic hand motions."
Steve's smile fell, straightening out the shirt he had pulled back over his head. "Does it matter?" he asked.
Obviously he clicked on it.
"Tony's good at buying gifts." Steve answered for her. "Something to do with his layer of rich level I think." his blush had settled, but he still looked sheepish beneath Tony's glance.
"No." He agreed "But I can try, so long as you let me."
"Seriously Tony?" She cocked her hip and placed her hands on top of them, tilting her head in that way Tony knew meant she wasn't taking any shit. "You have sent me ten page long text messages describing in detail how much you love him, in shocking detail may I add."  She pinched the bridge of her nose shaking her head "Anthony Edward Stark you have never loved someone this much including yourself in your entire life. Get your ass out there, now."
"Like?" Steve asks, knowing he's going to regret it the second he does.
"I was eighteen." Tony defends, pointing to Steve with his fork and adding. "Besides have you seen this man, he is a literal Greek God statue in the flesh, what the fuck else was I going to say to him?"
These words mean nothing to Steve, but Maria is smiling and adds. "She's such a fucking troll, but she gives a lot of helpful tips and advice, especially to young women."
questioning. Again, Tony just smiles and shrugs like he doesn't know, because he doesn't. All Tony knows is now Steve doesn't complain when he has to sit next to him, he does it with a smile, they talk like friends.
"Have you been Googling internet slang?" Tony smirks and then shakes his head, not bothering to avoid the question. "But no, I just follow you, like your other million digital friends."  With that, he makes a scene of pressing down twice on his screen, and Steve gets yet another notification.
"The research shows us that you're one of the most respected Avengers, Steve." Pepper breaks to him softly. "It's just, you're also the one they're most put off by, they think you're out of touch."
"What's got you second guessing?" Tony found himself asking, watching the way stress spread across her face.
"I think I'm falling in love with you."
"What's wrong?" Steve spoke into the receiver, Tony couldn't hear Natasha's reply, but Steve's eyes rolled at whatever she said. "No, calm down, what's wrong." with that he sighed and scrubbed at his forehead.
"It's going to sound stupid, and you're just going to think I'm being a poor sulking rich boy." Tony stated matter of factly, but reached out and slowed his treadmill down once again. "But, I can't find a willing date to take to the Maria Stark Fundraiser dinner tomorrow night."
"There's gel in there." She smirked sitting back against the arm of the couch. "Steve did you get all done up for us?"
He's not sure when exactly he snapped, all he can remember is one moment he's getting ready, buttoning up his shirt and laughing with Bruce, and the next he's hyperventilating into paper bag, alone with a dresser pushed up against the door refusing to come out. Natasha didn't hesitate in scaling the large building and forcing her way in through his bedroom window. Tony had a moment where he wished they had stayed in the tower for the wedding instead of having it at the Mansion, because then no one could climb their way into his window, but then he thought of the wedding and he went into panicking again, far to concerned with his sudden inability to breathe then with Natasha's presence.
As Tony's fingers work around Steve's bow tie, Steve's hands have loosened the knot in Tony's tie. And then his fingers drop to buttons, carefully undoing one at a time. They had managed to step backwards until the back of Steve's knees bumped into his own mattress. Tony's fingers were much quicker at loosening every shirt button, and he doesn't mind using this to his own advantage, pushing off the shirt, and managing to push Steve down onto the bed at the same time.
"A statement saying what?" Pepper cut in, furiously typing into her phone. "That you're not dating the person that you posted a photo kissing? That would then make Captain America gay, and a liar." the red head glanced up "Then we'll have people harassing Sam about your breakup that never happened, or people discounting you entirely.That creates a new mess in itself Steve, suddenly you become a joke, why would you think this was a good idea-" It wasn't a question, as Pepper turned her full attention back to her phone.
Tony's movements are slow, as he lifts up, rolling his hips on the way back down, drawing another moan from Steve, his fingers pressing into Tony's hips, holding on for dear life. Their chests are pressed tightly together, and with every roll of his hips, Tony can feel the pain being replaced by pleasure. He knows his breathing has grown heavy as he works himself over Steve, and Steve is mumbling obscenities as his lips work their way over every inch of Tony's shoulder, neck and face they can find.
Tony slowed the treadmill completely, and Steve watched as the corner of his mouth twitched just barely. "Are you saying you want to go on a date?"
Tony got the feeling that Bucky and Sam felt that they were not included in the warning with the way they exchanged glances and smirks.
"And that is why I stay off the hard liquor." Sam chuckled at Tony, clinking his beer bottle against Tony's Ginger-ale, and shaking his head. "I'll handle them." he offered, heading back to the poker table. "Guys, enough - we don't need the big guy making an appearance we still have a movie and Mario Kart to get through."
"Clearly." Natasha said with a flick of her wrist, as she pushed her hair over her shoulder.
Steve hesitated, before he reached into his pocket and pulled out a square envelope that had turned yellow from age, and handed it to Tony. "These belong to you, and I think you should have them back."
"He sounds fun." Tony commented, following her towards a row of tables against a back wall.
"Why" This time her voice was a growl.
"I'm an idiot." Tony shrugs, closing the space between them in a few more confident, wobbly, strides. "I still say stupid things when I shouldn't." Tony smirks, because it reminds him how many arguments they used to get into because of the stupid things that came out of his mouth. "Do you want to kiss me now?"
And just like that night, Tony could feel his eyes begin to water. He hoped no one would notice as he quickly brushed them away with the back of his hand.
Steve hated seeing Tony upset, and his stomach twisted as he watched the frown meet those beautiful lips. "Well, you haven't asked me to go with you yet."
"My aunt sent me a letter, saying she heard from Howard that I had become a fag, and was destroying your life along with mine, and my mother would be rolling over in her grave if she found out." Steve held Tony's eyes. "So I got drunk and I went out to prove that I wasn't." Steve shook his head at the memory. "I don't know if I was trying to prove it to her or myself, but it doesn't really matter because I fucked up and I did what I did."
He watched as Steve froze in place, and if Tony was any less of a man, he might have enjoyed it a little bit.
"You say that now." Sam said with a huff, taking a bite off his fork. "But that's how he gets you, latches on."
Days pass and Tony forgets a little more what it felt like to have Steve inside him, and that's okay, or at least that's what he tells himself. He's a little bit frustrated, and it may or may not have started to seep out onto the field. Getting a little riskier with the maneuvers he pulled, anything to take his mind off of the voice in his ear.
"So?" Sam asked once Steve had dropped the phone from his ear.
- what he wanted to be his. Tony examined Steve's throat, soft and warm, and where Tony's mouth could make dirty words fall from Steve's lips. Those lips, large and strong, commanding and delicious.
"Generally, I would advise against actually reading the comments." Tony grimaces, knowing how wild it can get.
"Goodnight Mister Stark."
Steve thought about the question for a moment before stopping his treadmill all together. "I would have preferred our first date to be a little more low key, but I could make a fancy dinner work, if you'd be okay with that."
His legs kept moving, pulling him from one side of the room to the other. Nothing was going to be accomplished this way, but what else was he to do. Today was his wedding day and he wasn't sure if he was going to make it to the ceremony let alone out of the room he had currently barricaded himself in.
"That's not funny." Steve mimicked her moves, letting his hands fall free, because it wasn't. Tony liked him sure, but Tony was Tony Stark. Mister can date anyone he wants with the snap of his fingers, Stark. You keep things casual with someone like that, you let them be free so you don't have to feel them slip through your fingers when you hold on too tight. "Look are you going to take a photo with me or not?"
Tony raised a single eyebrow, but didn't spare a look. "Men are worse." he replied simply. "And you can trust me on that one."
Clint's face fell into relief, while Sharon's hand flung over her mouth, her eyes widening in shock and horror, and it took Tony a solid five seconds thanks to his tired brain to place where exactly her head had gone. At first, offended, Tony wanted to tell her to grow up and give him a little more credit, but as Clint seemed to catch her reaction as well, he figured, he had nothing to lose at this point.
Carefully, Tony twisted the two sides of fabric together, only allowing himself one quick glance up. Steve had his chin raised, as if giving Tony more room to work with, but his eyes were fixed on Tony, of course they were. Tony swallowed back his heart before dropping his eyes back onto the tie. He really was so fucked.
"You know, when I complained it was running a little funny, I didn't expect-" Steve sighed, pushing his fingers into his forehead, he really should have known better. He really should have expected it at this point. No, he really should have just assumed it would happen. "I have a mechanic." he finished instead. "In Brooklyn, to take care of these sort of things for me."
Tony can't help it as he throws a middle finger up to her, and she blows a kiss before spinning on her heel and heading out of the workshop and back to where she came from.
"You're a cheat." Steve groaned, but Natasha just laughed, hopping to her feet, and offering him a hand to get up with.
"Wow, okay. Flavor town is very important and we need someone who knows what good food is in charge, and not some guy that thinks beans on hot dogs makes them gourmet." Tony protested, this was one of the many reasons they were better off as friends. "But besides that topic having ended ten minutes ago, I asked you if I should just cancel all your meetings and make you come to Vermont with me."
"Cheater-"
Another stride, and he was barely a foot away from Steve, and his stupid beautiful face, and his hands were shaking and he just could not go through this again. He did not have the energy to do this. "I am not going to do this with you." Tony's voice dropped along with his finger. "Not here, and not now."
"Or it's offensive." Sharon added. "Remember when he got you that thigh master?"
"Then we kick him to the curb and run away together." Tony says with a straight face. "We can buy a castle in Scotland and drink champagne with every meal and become recluses that people only gossip about."
"I told you I would." Tony was just relieved to see a familiar face, so he wouldn't take offence to her surprise. "I know it's hard for you to believe but I can do some things on my own."
"Yeah we still don't know who owns Tony's Lexus." Sam grinned, remembering the night fondly, as he pulled a bottle of beer from the fridge.
"By six months." Tony reasoned, dropping himself into his chair.
"Tony." Pepper's voice carries across the table, and he gets the sense she's already said it more than once. When he looks up, the glare on her face is enough to confirm his suspicions. He doesn't bother asking what, already knowing
Natasha's eyes quickly flickered over her emails, searching for one name in particular. "I can't seem to find anything." She said, half to herself, half to the man on the other side of the desk, brown eyes burning into her from behind the laptop. "Are you sure you sent it?" She risked asking. "I mean, it wouldn't be the first time."
"Her name is irrelevant." Clint replied, sliding onto a stool next to Steve. "Why are you even going to her boyfriends bar opening, is it?"
"Too much." Tony fully admitted, letting his head press back into the head rest and roll to the side so he could look at Steve. "All there was to do was drink- Drink." the word felt funny in Tony's mouth. "I didn't have a very fun time."
"Oh, you're on." Clint and Sam agreed in unison.
"The stuff bad guys come up with." Clint said with a shake of his head, taking a running start and jumping from one roof to another across a small alleyway.
"Sorry." Steve caught Tony's eyes with his one more time before looking to Sam."I got a little preoccupied on my way down."
The farm house is quiet and dark when they get inside, the catering staff having already finished for the night and disappeared as quickly as they had arrived. "Did you want a coffee, or.." Steve is hesitating, as they toe off their shoes, and Tony can tell it's his way of trying not to be presumptuous.
Tony peeked up and over at the phone, eyes glancing over the text before he smirked. "She really is relentlessness." Tony let out a soft sigh directing his attention back to his report. "Tinder is a dating app, but I'm guessing you already gathered that much from Nat's text." he continued to scribble out onto the paper with his black pen. "Matches just mean that those girls have liked you, and you, or I'm guessing Nat, liked them back so you've been matched." his hand paused but he didn't look up. "Steve, do you want to be dating right now?"
She took a step back, giving Tony an up and down before glancing back at Natasha, who quite frankly looked in awe. "Hand me the jacket."
Tony looked down at the filters, deciding it best not to use one at all, before he glanced back at the man sleeping next to him. He had held on to this photo for months, waiting for the perfect day to post it, and well, there's no time like the present.
"Don't let it go to your head." Tony huffed, unable to help the smirk that found his lips as he did though. "Change of subject time, I came bearing gifts." he said holding out the jacket to Steve.
"Ignore it." Tony demanded, as he wrapped a hand around Steve's head and brought him back, of course the universe would try and intervene just as Tony was finally getting what he needed.
- the way the other board members are also shooting him tired glances he knows. So Tony lowers his cell phone and places it screen down on the boardroom table, showing that he is giving her his full attention. Finally.
"No she wouldn't." Natasha replied simply with a small shrug of her shoulders. "Pepper loves me, and you know it."
Sure this century seemed a bit caught up in its technology, everyone was always stuck to their phones, but Steve couldn't fault any of them for that. None of it existed when he was born, at least not in the forms it was available now. So sure, technology ruled everything around him, but how that had anything to do with his everyday life confused him.
"There's no date." Steve insisted.
"Pepper's lifted my social media ban." Steve grins, twisting his phone between his fingers, and sitting up straighter. "There's no better time than the present." He says as he twists his phone screen to his face, and his attention falling onto the screen.
"Oh really?" Natasha asked, glancing up from her desk once he got closer. "If she heard you call her mom she would probably stab you with the heel of her shoe."
"Remember that when she murders you." Tony says, though he drags his eyes to look at Steve, unable to help the smile on his lips. "Next time a little warning would be nice too, just so I could at least fix my hair."
"Oh you sweet innocent summer child." Natasha said with a shake of her head, and a quirk of her lips. "You are Captain America, you are straight as an arrow and can do no wrong as far as the public's concerned, It would take a lot more than one all male selfie to change their minds."
"There was." Tony almost pouted at the admission, being drunk sucked, it made his mind loose, his filters disappear and the walls and departmentalized self instructions he had set for himself vanish. "It just made me miss Pepper." he sighed, words that he barely could manage to tell Rhodey. Sure it had been months since they had actually broken up, and things were getting better but for some reason, drunk Tony really missed her. "I think I've sworn off women for a while." He slapped his hands onto his thighs, as if punctuating his decision, feeling the denim of his jeans beneath his palms. "And believe it or not, there were like no hot guys in there for me to take home, just straight boring ones."
"Tony, you're outside." Steve said his name again, and it really only made the entire situation so much worse.
His eyes only lingered on the view for a second before they fell on to Steve, tucked into the corner of the sofa. He was so beautiful, illuminated by the back drop of the city below them. The man had his knees pulled up to his chest, a sketchbook balanced on them and a charcoal pencil in his hand, face turned downwards towards his work, bottom lip sucked between his teeth, like it always did when he was really trying to concentrate.
"Welcome to Instagram, hot stuff."  Tony is smirking as he types something more into the screen, before handing back over Steve's phone.
Fumbling in his pocket he pulled out his phone and squinted into the bright light of the screen, opening his most recently sent text messages and selecting the first number at the top of his screen.
A quiet falls over the room and for a few minutes all Tony can hear is the sound of pencil against paper, and his breathing. But then there's floorboards creaking and whispering. And Tony prays he's dreaming. But then there's a familiar hushing sound from behind the bedroom door and Tony sighs.
"Technically." Steve said, glancing over Tony's shoulder. "Its unfinished though, I couldn't get it right."
"Wouldn't it depend on the type of tomato sauce?" Natasha asked, taking a slice before passing the board to Tony. "Like they make vegetable pasta sauces."
"And you are not a Rhodey."
"Wow." The stranger gaped.
"I think I can handle Pepper." Steve says with all the confidence in the world, but does let his grip on Tony's hand loosen.
"What?" Steve found himself asking himself, the television and the room at the same time. "He wasn't even in the picture how does this have anything to do with-"
"Sorry Sam." Steve replied with a wince. "We all really thought you had noticed by now, she's been trying for months."
"Water and Advil are on the bed side table." Steve finishes for him, not bothering to look up from his sketchbook.
Tony gently placed down his coffee, holding her gaze as he did. If Steve had spent the evening recounting their two year disaster of a relationship then he could excuse her newfound concern for him. So he had to know. "How much more did he tell you then?"
Tony cringed at her, and the threat before waving her off. "Go, be gone, leave me and my eyelashes alone."
Natasha reached to the dresser she had just shoved out of the way, pulling off a black suit jacket and handing it to Pepper's outstretched hand. Opening the jacket at the collar, Pepper held it up nodding to Tony to put it on. It was like something clicked in his head the second Pepper walked in and he was finding it extremely difficult to keep up his tantrum. With a huff he slid an arm through the first sleeve and then spinning to put in the other.
“Well thank god for them, but you really do need sleep. Not getting proper sleep can harm your health severely. I’d hate to see you suffer because of your habit of not sleeping properly.”
Tony had, as promised, ordered Steve a tux to wear and had it delivered to Steve’s apartment the day before the gala so that he’d have it to get ready. Tony also had promised to pick him up, and judging by the limo that had pulled up to the curb outside Steve’s apartment building, it seemed that promise had come through as well.
Silence fell between the two, but Howard continued to run his fingers through his son’s hair. Tony eventually began purring softly, finding comfort in his father in the moment. It was Tony who broke the silence soon after.
“How are you here, Tony? How are you still young?”
As the apartment building faded from view, Tony felt a relief spread through his body, and he let out a sigh that he had been holding in for quite a while. He was free now until his heat was over. Then it would be a long flight back to the states alone and boring, but at least he got to see his mother again. She was probably going to be as upset as Howard was, but in a motherly sort of way. There wouldn’t be yelling from her, just upset eyes glittering with tears. Hugs usually patched up any quarrels between mother and son, and if Tony was to be honest, a hug from his mother sounded like the best thing in the world, besides spending his coming heat with his alpha.
"I don't know if we'll find anything matching, but at least a lot of these pajamas are soft and will probably satisfy what you're looking for."
The sounds of a roaring motorcycle broke the silence in the forest, and Tony gripped his gun tighter, waiting even more. The motorcycle Steve was on soon came into view, and Tony’s heart leapt in his throat when he watched a tank come rolling through the first gate of the base. There was a flash and a lot of heat, and then the tank was in pieces, Tony just barely making out Steve vaulting over the first gate on the bike, and then the alpha was gone from his view once more. He swallowed the whine that built up in his throat.
“Thanks.” With a destination, Steve headed to the kitchen and helped himself to a glass of water. He went to the living room with it, sitting down and watching the pair of legs sticking out from the TV stand.
"If you're not too tired from dancing around with me a lot."
Tony sighed to himself for the umpteenth time, not going unnoticed by Jarvis.
“And you won’t?”
“There’s not going to be a safe landing… But I can try to force it down.”
“We have to keep going, come on,” one of the soldiers said while letting go of Tony when the omega pushed him away.
Maria helped Tony to his bed and pulled the blankets up to his head to make him as comfortable as possible. “It’s alright, Tony,” she soothed, grabbing a bucket from underneath the sink in the bathroom for the omega to use in case he couldn’t make it to the bathroom in time. “Everyone gets sick, there’s no need to be scared.”
“All agents, code 13. I repeat. All agents, code 13!”
Tony was greeted with the smell of breakfast cooking, which made him smile. His stomach growled loudly, and he wondered if whoever in the kitchen could hear it from where he was on the stairs. The omega soon found his mother and Jarvis both working hard to make a breakfast of eggs, bacon, and pancakes. All three foods sounded absolutely delightful to the omega, and he almost moaned at the promise of real food again, as opposed to the snacks he and Steve had shared during his heat. Briefly, Tony tried to remember how good his heat was with Steve in rut, but he couldn’t remember much. He dismissed the thoughts and cleared his throat as he entered the kitchen.
“Of course. Here’s a few projects that are likely to inspire your artistic endeavors for this commission, Mr. Rogers.” JARVIS said as files suddenly opened in a projection over the table.
Tony’s honey-brown eyes studied Steve, a spark of interest in them that hadn’t been there before as they roamed along the alpha’s body.
“One day, I’m sure, my dear.”
The worried mother sighed, looking out the window behind Howard’s desk a moment, “...Tony’s pregnant, Howard. He didn’t just lose his alpha…”
"I'm guessing that was a result of a science project gone wrong," Steve said.
“So… he invited you here for food and games?”
“Tony, the tent is ready.” Peggy said gently, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Let’s get you moved over.”
The two friends headed out once Tony’s things were packed into a taxi. Usually Tony would have delighted in watching the buildings of London pass by, but this trip, he just kept his head down, eyes trained on the floor. Several thoughts rushed through his mind as he rode in the car, and there were things he wanted to say, but he figured Peggy could wait to hear them. The news of him being pregnant could wait until the initial mourning of Bucky was over.
“That’s a challenge I’m willing to take.” Steve tugged at the remainder of Tony’s clothing, continuing to leave little bites at the brunet’s collarbone and shoulders.
The omega flushed, looking up at his alpha. “...Yeah. Yeah, I think I do want to get married…”
“Steve, please…” Okay, so he really was begging, lifting his hips and whining repeatedly. “Alpha…”
. Tony found himself staring when the alpha was changing out of his costume.
A head of blond hair whipped around, blue eyes wide and a low whine escaping from the alpha’s throat. Alpha and omega were aware of each other, but neither of them knew where each other were, and it began to distress the both of them a little. Thankfully, the stress didn’t last long, because Steve soon spotted Tony through the crowd of people and called out to him, causing those around the alpha to move away and make a path.
“You will, sweetie, I promise you will…”
“Why do you say that?” Steve was giving Tony his full attention, which only made the omega even more nervous.
“That blowjob in the supply closet on New Years Eve wasn’t enough for you?”
“Of course.”
“Well yeah, I wouldn’t stick around if you did try to make e do that, but I’m pretty sure you won’t. You’re nothing like those jerks.”
When he was cleaned up, dressed, and had told Tony where he and Clint were to meet him, Steve exited the room, rolling up the sleeves of his button up with a sigh. He brushed back his hair with his hand as he approached the front desk to pay. Being told the bill, he looked impressed for a brief second before he wrote the check, writing it out in Hydra's name, which would pay any expenses Steve presented, including sessions with omegas he happened to fancy.
Tony watched her leave before closing his eyes with a light sigh. He hated how he felt. He was in pain from his injury and his body craved an alpha to mate him. Quite possibly the second to worst situation he had ever been in, being held hostage by that man being the first.
Steve nodded. "We can worry about it tomorrow, or whenever I can get that meeting set up with the leader of Hydra."
More silence, but from their conversation, Steve didn’t sound like he was saying no, which made Tony hopeful. He knew they didn’t have a drill sergeant around, but maybe the Howling Commandos could train him, get him ready for battle in one month. Plus there was the travel time between London and the Hydra base. More time for training up until they were on the front steps of the base.
The butler smiled and nodded. “Is there anything specific you might like to eat this cycle?”
There was a silence that filled the broken building, just the sounds of the wind and faint creaking as Tony walked around on the other side of the ruins. Steve didn’t seem to notice anything but the wind, looking down at the table when Peggy spoke again.
"I don't think it would hurt. Might be surprising, but it'd be in your favor."
alpha.
“That’s good to hear, Ma’am. And how are you feeling, Tony?”
“I’ve wanted to but Pepper keeps telling me to let you do your thing.” Tony pouted.
Pain crossed Steve’s face after Tony had spoken. “Oh… Tony.” He wrapped his arms tight around Tony, crushed by the amount of pain tainting Tony’s scent.
“It was merely a suggestion, dear. Though maybe not a bad idea.” Maria chuckled as she went back to eating her dinner.
“I don’t like working the floor. I prefer the stage.” he admitted in a low voice, hoping not many would hear him. Though most were overly drunk, so that helped.
Steve shrugged, glancing at Peggy and noticing she was talking to Bucky. He smiled and looked back down at Tony. “Well, Peggy made a sacrifice for us to get to dance together. What do you say?”
“Need something, Clint, dear?” Tony purred into his ear.
Howard watched his son for a bit, clearly upset that Tony had slipped out with Peggy, but he was too tired to really care that much. Yawning, he looked at his watch. “Let’s go, I don’t want you catching a cold.”
“I love you more,” the brunet said with a smile.
“You did scare me pretty good,” the omega said as he took Steve’s hand and let himself be helped out of the car. “You owe me more than just opening a car door for me and helping me out.”
“You wouldn’t be able to keep your hands off of me. Once the war is over, you’ll be stuck to my side like glue, I guarantee it.”
Tony couldn’t finish his sentence, and Peggy could guess how it was going to end. Nodding, she pulled Tony to the side, away from the soldiers taking Hydra agents into custody and taking over the radio tower. “Alright, what’s the matter?”
"Love them." Tony smiled. "Have you seen any of those Disney movies? I have a feeling that they're going to take off like crazy."
Peggy nodded her head towards the exit while taking off her heels to make her strides quieter. She kept her eyes on Howard until she was out of sight of the older man, motioning for Tony to follow quickly.
? Was Steve just… playing him? Acting all nice and polite because he was Tony Stark and making him upset was going to get Steve in trouble with Howard? Was everything that had happened since they met just an act Steve put on?
“You’ve still been ahead of him, haven’t you?”
“What I have works just fine, Tones.” James sighed.
“No, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be some suggestive touching under the table.” The alpha flashed a smirk as they exited the building.
“Sorry, I just don’t want your dad to get suspicious. He already isn’t exactly fond of the fact that we’re dating.” Steve brushed back some of Tony’s hair and sighed.
The agent smirked as she looked back into the main room of the bar, seeing the soldiers and sailors go back to their drinking and singing. “I see your top squad is preparing for duty.”
“Oh no, don’t encourage his flirting.” James groaned.
“We’re in! Assault team, go!”
“Yeah, mostly. I don’t want the one time it doesn’t work to happen on the battlefield.”
Tony frowned. "You know you're more than just a dancing monkey, Steve," he said softly.
Tony shrugged. “You’re still not letting anyone else redesign your suit. Which, by the way, is it too early for me to start doing that? Because if I have to see this suit one more time on you, I’m going to barf.”
Wearing their pajamas already, Steve decided it was a good time to just go to bed for the night. So as carefully as he could, Steve picked up Tony from the nest and carried him to the omega's bedroom, setting him on the bed gently before pulling back the covers and tucking in the omega. Once Tony was under the covers, Steve got in the bed behind him and wrapped his body around the omega. After a stressful time at the gala, all Tony needed was some peace and quality care from a proper alpha, and Steve was determined to make the omega feel safe for once.
"Your father beat you for showing how smart you are?" Steve growled a little. "How could he do that to his own damned child? Disgusting.
“Good. It’s good to see you again as always, Miss Potts, Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes.” the man nodded before turning his gaze on Steve. “I don’t believe we have met?”
Another wave of pain hit Tony, and he felt his consciousness fade; his hand falling just out of reach of the reactor. He couldn’t bring himself to move anymore, his pain too great and his breathing just not enough to support such a laborious task. The room spun as he struggled to even breathe. He couldn’t call out for help, he just had to hope that help would soon arrive. If it didn’t…
“I’m sure you are. Unfortunately we just got here, and I’m guessing you’re expected to be here a bit longer.”
Still, Maria insisted she needed to come help and Tony knew he couldn’t say no to her, not when there were pictures of him and Steve to show her. Thankfully he had left his uniform back in London with Steve, because Maria would have had a fit about that. Her reaction probably would have been similar to Howard’s… though maybe not as dramatic. Still, that was a secret Tony was going to keep from his mother at least for a little while, unless Howard had sent his wife a letter saying how bad their son was being. Either way, Maria would probably find out eventually.
“I swear, if he knew before I did, I will put this heel through your temple, mister!”
like it is. He cracks open an eye, blinking away the gummy gunk sealing his lashes together. Someone
, his mind supplies.
This gets Peter down. And a knee to the kidney in the middle of the scrambling. Steve winces but pushes to his feet and stretches out the kinks in his back. The notification light on his phone is blinking, so he bends to scoop it up as he heads into the kitchen. Peter is bouncing on the balls of his feet by the counter, staring wide-eyed up at the box of Cap’n Crunch sitting on top of the fridge. Once Steve has poured the cereal into a bowl, added milk, and handed Peter a spoon, he sits in one of the dining chairs and checks his notifications.
“I can hear you thinking,” murmurs Tony sleepily. “Stop it.”
“So naturally you caved.”
“So what’s the munchkin’s name?” Clint asks from over Natasha’s shoulder.
“I don’t think so. But it doesn’t matter. I know now. Hence why I’m freaking the fuck out! I can’t… I can’t have kids. I’m a terrible role model. I drink way too more coffee than is considered healthy. I forget about everything, including important dates. I get too busy working in the lab. Literally ninety-five percent of my free time is spent building and designing stuff for SHIELD, the Avengers, and SI. Not to mention that the reason you and I broke up is because I’m fucking Iron Man, and people tried to get to me by hurting you. I can’t do that.”
“What?” Steve scoffs. “How the hell would I know that, Buck?”
“Now shoo, go be a nuisance somewhere else.”
Steve flashes a smile at the other man and digs into his breakfast. His plate is clear in record time; he thanks Bruce again, drops a kiss to Tony’s forehead, and heads to his art studio. Once he’s seated on the tall stool, he grabs the nearest sketchbook and soft-leaded pencil. The image is unclear on paper, just sloping lines and shadowy spaces, but he can see the finished product so clearly in his mind. Golden light slants in through the large windows, trails in increments across the cool wooden floor, illuminating the furthest corners of the room. He knows that if he looks up, he’ll see faces on the walls, his past and his present displayed together for him to always see.
“You said it was a bad idea. I decided you didn't get to make the choice for me.”
“She's in her room, trying to calm down. She's terrified.”
? You're disgusting.”
. Steve has never heard Tony’s voice so cold, even tinny as it is. He manages to fight the drugs enough to turn his head, and he stares at the gleaming suit of armour. Tony has both hands up, repulsors aimed at each of Steve’s captors. Loud bootsteps echo down the stairwell as a large group of black-clad agents storm into the room. Natasha’s first to appear; she looks absolutely murderous, and her guns are steady in her hands. She lets the SHIELD agents pass her to snap cuffs around Don and Mal’s wrists. Once they’re taken away, Nat rushes to Steve’s side. Her fingers tremble as she places them against his neck. Steve can feel the sedative wearing off, replaced by a tightening in his belly. He gasps and reaches for her hand. Clint enters the basement and grimaces.
what you got out of everything I’ve said?”
opened your doors for me. Clint had been compromised, and you went out of your way to give him a safe space so he could get his bearings in peace. Natasha went undercover in your company, got close to spy on you for SHIELD, but you didn’t hold it against her, just told her to get her ‘shapely ass’ unpacked then meet you in the gym so she could whip you into fighting shape.
The cityscape gives way to long roads lined with trees and fields, and the air that comes in through the open window changes, becomes fresher. He pulls over to the side of the road and puts on his hazard lights, inhales deeply. His lower back aches from driving for so long, but the crispness underlying the heat in the air, promising an early start to autumn, helps take his mind off of it. He steps out of the vehicle and stretches out his bunched-up muscles as he wades through the kneehigh grass; it's only been a handful of hours since he left the tower, but he's certain no one is coming after him. He sighs and lets his fingers drag over the tips of the grass, listens to the birds singing and the buzzing drone of cicadas in their trees. He keeps walking, getting further from the truck. This feels...right. Unfamiliar, but right. It reminds him a lot of the trip he took after the encounter with the Chitauri, though then, he hadn't made unscheduled stops along the side of the road: he'd travelled for hours during the day, stopped only as night was falling, and rose early every morning to get on the road again before traffic picked up.
and more
“Thank you,” and God, Tony's voice is
Gentle knocking on the door brings Steve out of his light dozing. He checks that Peter is still asleep, heading to the door after the child lets out a shuddering breath and rolls onto his back. The man from across the hall stands there, looking dead on his feet, but he manages to give Steve a small smile.
“Look at you, earning your genius status,” teases Steve, laughing when Tony rolls his eyes.
The team is in the middle of watching
“I’m scared,” whispers Steve as he squeezes his eyes shut against tears. “She’s not supposed to be coming yet.”
and commiserating over empty apartments.
“Do it,” ordered Tony, and Steve nodded numbly.
“How much are you getting paid to be a glorified incubator?”
Natasha cocks her head to the side. “I thought he seemed a little...lonely over the past couple of days. I suppose his oldest best friend giving him the cold shoulder would explain it, especially when combined with the fact the love of his life was
“–ward Stark, you better fucking answer, I swear to God.
“I guess there are some explanations needed.”
Natasha drives them to the motel the pair are staying in. while she focuses on the road and Sam transfers Redwing’s files into a laptop, Steve brings up JARVIS’s terminal.
“I feel weird.”
Natasha laughs, a soft melodic sound. “I’d kill to see video of that.”
“What happened?”
“But you're wearin’ my underthings. And nothin’ else.”
“Of course I am. Genius, remember?”
Steve lays back against the sheets, panting and sweaty and feeling sated in a way that’s nearly enough. He slowly catches his breath and climbs unsteadily to his feet. After cleaning the toys and himself, and putting the bags in the back of the closet, he heads to the art studio. The easel still holds his latest work – a portrait of Jane for Thor, done by referencing a photo that Darcy sent him – but he can’t focus on painting the beautiful astrophysicist, not with his skin still feeling too tight. He places the canvas off to the side, starts a new one.
Peter barely turns his head enough to peer at Steve. Steve kneels down beside the couch and runs a hand over Peter’s curls, and the child’s eyelashes flutter at the contact. The clock on the wall ticks away the seconds in the silence of the room, but Steve doesn’t push Peter to talk. He’s learned over the last year that Peter will talk when he’s ready. Thankfully, he’s proven right when Peter takes a shuddering breath.
“And I appreciate that.”
“It would be best if we request assistance from our mother. Loki assures me that the spell was cast properly, and it has not developed any flaws.”
Tony helps Steve pack away the paints. “Remember the designs for the green plant we were working to get approved in Tokyo? Well, they were
She laughs then, gathering up her files. “I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about. But speaking of faces, I’m sure I can figure out the reason for yours.”
____________
“Sleep is for the weak,” Tony says with a snort. “J, add about twenty percent ー no, God no, too much, uh, make it seventeen ー there we go. Yay, less chance of death.”
“I’m okay, honey. Calm down, deep breaths, okay? You know Doctor Cavendish said stress isn’t good for the baby, and I’ll be the first one she blames if she finds out you’re stressing. Don’t worry. I’m enjoying this little vacation from being a tin-wrapped human tennis ball.”
“Ms Crawford, is it true that you’re finally pregnant?”
Steve slides a hand over his belly, chuckling – and then wincing – when a particularly hard kick lands against his palm. “She’s doing well, very active and healthy. The doctor says I’m lucky, that this pregnancy is, by all appearances, unnaturally easy.”
“If that’s the ‘worst’, then I think we’re okay.”
She shrugs and takes a sip from the mug in her hands. “Exactly what I said: Are you scared?”
“Yes, Captain?”
Steve fills two glasses with water from the tap and wonders how this became his life. He never expected, when he moved in, that his neighbour would be Tony Stark or that said neighbour would just let himself into Steve's apartment without permission. But Steve can't be too upset, not really, not when he's had the same feeling of the flat being too quiet without the presence of Peter. The paper pinned to the fridge catches his eye, and he stares silently at the red and blue stick figure ー SPIDERMAN written underneath in Peter's scrawling handwriting, the “R” and “N” backwards. A black blob with eight legs takes up residence in the corner. Peter had drawn it the last time he was over; he'd even come up with a backstory for the character, magnanimously giving Steve permission to display the drawing ー and even to use the character in any future comics. Steve's already gotten the issue nearly panelled out, set to be Peter's birthday gift.
“Welcome to the club. But, for what it’s worth, I think you’re doing great. So you’ve left a few knives out
“Ya think so?”
“Yeah, we do, don't we.”
“Tequila is a terrible mouthwash,” he mutters to the empty room even as he swallows down another mouthful from the bottle he found stashed in the bottom drawer of his desk.
“As you wish,” JARVIS sighs before falling back into that damning silence.
Steve dips his chin and stretches out a hand, watches as his fingers slowly stop shaking of their own accord and move with his permission. His chest feels slightly less tight with each movement, and he eventually gasps one last time, drags in a deep, unsteady breath. Only the chirping of insects breaks up the silence as Steve feels his heart rate slowing and his muscles loosening. He scrubs a hand over his eyes, brushing away the tears, and he lets out a heavy exhale, tremulous and harsh.
Steve forces a soft laugh at how offended the AI sounds at the accusation, but he isn't much in a joking mood. The dark cloud of the shared dream hangs heavily over all of their heads; he stands and starts pacing the room, unable to sit still. Sam doesn't speak, lets Steve work through his thoughts on his own time.
“JARVIS said you gave permission,” Natasha replies with a shrug.
"Huh?"
. Now he’s in an amazing relationship with that beautiful boy from Brooklyn, and they have an absolutely gorgeous daughter together.
“I dunno how I got here, to be honest. Just thought of you while I was fallin’ asleep, and now here I am. Want me to go? Or change the location?”
“No, no, listen, hear me out. If everybody thinks he’s Steve when he’s out there, that includes any and every single bad guy who’s desperate to their dirty hands on the serum. That means they’ll try to abduct him if given the chance. Ergo, the need for constant supervision. Not only to keep him from fucking us over, but for his protection.” He glances at the pale trickster, who stands tall and stoic in the face of, well, everything. “Do you – do you think you can handle that? Can you handle the very real probability of being kidnapped and tortured for your blood, all because you’re in the form of someone else? Because I can promise you that it could very well happen. All it takes is looking away for a split second at the wrong time.”
Steve heads to his bedroom without another word. It takes less than thirty seconds to find and grab what he’s looking for. Back out in the living room, he crouches down next to the crouch and holds out the navy blue stuffed dog, ratty with age and decades of love. Peter’s eyes light up, and he runs a finger delicately over the line of stitches where the dog’s ear used to be.
It takes almost an hour, but eventually, Peter leaves significantly less panicky, promising that he will tell his aunt soon, the manilla envelope tucked safely in his backpack. Steve sends a text to Tony as he makes his way to the gym.
He turns his head toward Tony who doesn't look exactly happy about the announcement. "Oh. Okay. So what is this place?"
“Really should stop speaking for me now.”
“Wow, someone’s sassy, did you not fuck me hard enough to get your sass out? And stop deflecting. What’s been on your mind lately? Tell me ‘nothing’ one more time, and I’ll smother you, I swear to God.”
“I know, but we’re at the best hospital with an amazing doctor. They all know what they’re doing, okay? They wouldn’t be letting you deliver her if they thought it would go wrong.”
“Didn't mean to last time.”
“I know.”
“Can we talk?”
“Heya, Steve. Boss sent me over to get Peter.”
Peter smiles brightly and continues petting Blue. The obvious adoration in his eyes makes Steve’s next decision an easy one. He tucks Blue in next to Piggly and grins at the young child.
Steve flushes even more; Tony laughs, wraps an arm around Steve’s shoulders, and steers them toward the lift. The look on his face makes Steve squirm in delighted anticipation. Nat’s smirking face is the last thing Steve sees before the elevator doors slide shut.
The unfurnished apartment in Brooklyn that Steve moves into after the Battle of New York, as everyone is calling it, has clearly seen better days; the paint on the walls is chipped and peeling, and the exposed bricks have nicks, even missing tiny chunks around the edges. It’s nothing like what modern society would lead him to believe is desired, and it’s nothing like what he and Bucky used to share. But it’ll have to do as home, he supposes. He adds Agent Phillip J Coulson’s name to his mental list of losses, wonders how many more times he’s going to have to say goodbye, then steels himself and pushes on. There’s not much to fill his days; he tries to wander around the city, but all the changes only serve to remind him of the ghosts that haunt him.
“It says 'Pepper and Tony’. The only combination of those two names I've ever heard of
have a sugar daddy, can we please stop talking about this now?”
Steve had wanted to paint it – the white-blue would have contrasted nicely with the red of Nat’s hair, the deep black of Dum-E and U’s frames, the rich brown of Sam’s skin – but he’d spent so long just
“Um, I… Okay, I’m looking for Tony Stark.”
“Okay, see ya.”
scrolls across the bottom of the screen, and Steve’s lips twitch, his chest going warm at the words. He nods in thanks when the clerk passes over a few coins, gathers up the bag of burritos, and makes his way out the door.
“He will be allowed to use his magic but only to assist in the care of Captain Rogers and the child. He, along with two other sorcerers from my court, will work alongside the Midgardian doctors to ensure the successful delivery of a healthy babe. I will personally see to it that his magic is limited and can only be used for the casting of the spell upon Captain Rogers and, should the need arise, himself so that he can take the captain’s place in battle. I give you my word that there will be no chance for my son to make things difficult.”
The nighttime air is warm, thick with humidity and the smell of dirt, grass, and oil. A light breeze blows by, bringing with it a touch of coolness. Steve gasps brokenly as he wraps his arms tightly around himself. Crickets chirp in the grass to his right; the noise is muffled by the heavy haze that blankets his mind. Something in him is clawing desperately to get out, to be seen and acknowledged, but he has no idea what it is. Bile creeps its way up his throat. He leans to the side and retches. His throat burns, his stomach heaves again, and he folds himself in half, choking on the air he can’t inhale properly. He manages to dig his phone from his pocket, and his fingers tremble as he turns it upright.
“Yeah. A
“I, um, I told him I wasn’t comfortable havin’ that discussion. I figured I shouldn’t say anythin’ else until I talked to you and Tony.”
“And what, adoption isn’t good enough?”
“Have you been with a woman? Yes, some women shave their pubic hair. Personally, I’ve found it to be far more trouble than it’s worth, but it’s always good practise to keep it, at the least, trimmed neatly – like Tony has to trim his goatee.”
The man behind the desk glances up from the screen. “May I help you?”
Steve awkwardly adjusts his pants before making his way to the door; he's halfway across the hall when he realises Tony is still in his doorway, watching him leave.
“Uh, no, no, I have something figured out. And I promise it won’t fall through this time. Scout’s honour.”
Natasha blinks slowly, and everyone turns to stare at her. The surprise bleeds from her face within seconds, replaced by cautious hope.
For the next two weeks, he avoids Tony. He doesn’t go down to the workshop any more, not even when Tony isn’t there; he doesn’t want to risk coming across the other man. And it seems Tony has the same plan. He no longer comes to team movie nights, and mealtimes are very obviously devoid of his presence. It’s… a lot harder than Steve would have expected. He had never realised just how often Tony and he crossed paths in the last few months. And he finds himself yearning to find Tony and stay by his side, but whether that’s the connection or his own feelings, he isn’t quite sure.
“Sorry, excuse me, not meaning to be rude by interrupting, but Steve, darling, sit your ahh-behind in a chair. Please. You’re making my legs hurt, and I’m not even standing.”
“I accept full responsibility for that,” Pepper replies, beaming as she kisses Tony’s cheek; she turns to Steve, extends her arms out for a hug. As soon as she’s close enough, she whispers in his ear, “Thank you for taking care of my boys, so much. It means everything to me that they have someone as wonderful as you.”
Natasha is silent for a full five minutes. When she speaks again, she doesn’t take her eyes off the city lights stretched out for miles below them, and her voice shakes slightly. “I’m scared of my past. That I will somehow teach her lessons that were beaten into me. I’m scared she’ll end up like me.”
The woman cocks her head. “Friends? Ah, well, can't expect everything to come as it should. As to your inquiries, I am what you mortals have dubbed Fate. I keep watch over all the realms, keep watch over what is written in the stars. I control what comes to pass, what is destined. I… May I sit, please? I've travelled a long distance, and this is best told when I am comfortable.”
“If you’re talkin’ about the man you think is ‘aesthetically pleasing’ and has a kid, then yes.”
“They tried medicine to stop it. It didn’t work, obviously.”
Pepper suddenly gasps. “Oh God, am
It’s a wonderful thing that Natasha and Pepper are the ‘prepared-for-the-Apocalypse’ type, since neither Tony nor Steve are anywhere near acquainted with the procedure that accompanies waking up in a bed that suddenly resembles a violent crime scene. Tony doesn’t freak out (much, but what he does is mostly out of not-quite-awake surprise), but Steve is apologetic and panicky the entire time Tony is stripping the sheets from the mattress, ordering JARVIS to pass an SOS message to his favourite ladies.
“Has… Has Tony said anything about me down here?” he asks, though he’s certainly not expecting a response from DUM-E ー or even JARVIS. “I just ー I wish he’d talk to me, you know? The only thing he’s ever said is that he knows we’re soulmates, but he hasn’t said anything else since then. And I thought we were becoming at least friends, so it, it kinda bothers me that he won’t talk to me about it.”
“You did a good thing, inviting Tony out to the cookout. And Peter. Tony would never admit it, but he’s trying to not just...thrust Peter into your life too quickly.”
“Are you drunk?”
The door slams, the sound echoing in the otherwise quiet space, and Steve takes the last few flights down at a near run. Bucky is silent as he drives them to SHIELD. He flashes Steve a sympathetic smile when they arrive and part to go to their separate workspaces.
“I could never have made up someone so intelligent and stubborn and beautiful. I couldn't make up anything about him. And the past thirty years have been amazing because of him.”
Steve turns. “Oh, yes, of course.”
When Doctor Cavendish finally gives him permission to start pushing, Steve’s thankful beneath the exhaustion.
“It’s just, well, it’s Loki.”
He's twenty-four and falling asleep in front of his easel, Ma’s thin face smiling down at him from the canvas. Tony's there on the other side, waiting with open arms, and he holds Steve close as Steve finally allows himself to fall apart. It's been a long time coming, a breakdown in the making for the last three months. The deadline for his final project before he graduates is looming nearer, and Steve has been overworking himself, living off of caffeine that messes with his heart and not enough sleep. He's destroyed seven attempts at the portrait. He just can't get the shine in her eyes quite right, and he hates how lifeless the image is, as lifeless and cold and unfeeling as Ma is in her grave, he just wants her back.
“Hey, can I borrow your car?”
“If you want me to leave, I will.” When Tony doesn’t respond beyond taking a large swallow of his drink, Steve tamps down on his frustration and continues, “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable in your own home, and obviously, you’re not exactly comfortable with the fact that your soulmate lives here, too. So say the word, and I’ll go so you can have your home back.”
“Okay. What would you like to eat? I can make spaghetti or grilled cheese or –”
“What keeps you awake?”
“There is one more point that must be discussed. Considering that Captain Rogers will be with child, we cannot, in good conscience, accept that his job will put him in danger. If we do assist you, it must be on the condition that he not go into battle.”
“Oh.”
Thor grins widely, rounding the table to clap Steve on the shoulder. “You are getting your wish, Captain!”
“What do ya say, Petey-bug? Want some honeydew?”
“So…you’re going to help us? Ma’am?”
as an adult), lunch, spending time in the workshop with the bots and Tony whenever he's around, sparring with Natasha and Clint, dinner, movies or games, bed, just to repeat it all the next day. The hours he spends down in the 'shop are a relief against the barrage of news playing on every station, daytime talk shows and radio segments all rehashing the exact same things over and over until Steve feels like he could scream from the monotony. Reporters and newscasters all over the country have given mixed reactions to the signing of the Accords. Some more conservative ones say the Avengers ー and
The man doesn't let go; his grip tightens as Steve tries to tug his arm free. “Now, now, calm down. I'm just trying to be nice. Don't be rude.”
To his surprise, Pietro accepts assistance without complaint. There is some awkwardness when Pietro gets frustrated at disastrous attempt after disastrous attempt, but finally, he gets the pose right, it looks natural, and he laughs quietly at the success. Steve steps away without anything beyond clasping a hand to the kid’s shoulder. There’s a pleased little smile on his lips when Steve looks over, and Steve doesn’t blame Pietro for his pride. He deserves it.
He sends back a
“Steve, I love you – or as close to loving a really close friend as I’m capable of. But one, I don’t love you enough for that, even if I
“Uh, okay. Wait. Petey, we've been through this. No going outside of the apartment unless I give you permission.”
Steve's phone vibrates in his pocket. He pulls it out under the table to see
A wall of disappointment crashes over him. He’s tried multiple times in the last four days to take the edge off the tightly-coiled spring of arousal keeping him walking the fine line between unwavering irritability and outright lashing out. This past month without Tony is the longest he’s gone without even quick, rushed sex with his partner since the beginning of their relationship, and the hormones from this damn pregnancy certainly aren’t making this any easier.
“And… You’re okay with the insanity that is my life? Because you say that now, but you don’t see it firsthand, you don’t know exactly what you’re getting yourself into, and I won’t blame you if you want to back out and pretend this never happened.”
“'Tis true,” Thor chuckles as he follows Tony to a workbench. “So my dear Jane has informed me that you wished to speak to me of a rather important topic.”
gesture.
Steve turns away from the photograph he’s examining, away from the smiling faces of dad and son sharing a bowl of ice cream; he smiles slightly. “I’ll admit, I was a bit overwhelmed. Called my ma to freak out, and she laughed at me. But Peter and I, we figured it out. Like I said, he was good, just watched TV and drew until he fell asleep.”
“Yes, but you're a lot less cool, so it's hella awkward that you're using emojis at your uncool, advanced age.”
“Hey. Sorry, am I interrupting?”
“Oh, don't mention Coulson, please. Hand me a mug, wouldja?”
Back at the motel, the trio goes over the data collected from the destroyed base. It appears to have been nothing more than a supply depot, a one-stop shop for information and weapons alike. The laptop cleans up the image of the corpse and spits back a short bio. No known name, just an alias used between HYDRA agents, which means they’re getting smarter in the modern age: Erase everything possible of a person’s public identity and leave only what they don’t mind being found. Sam sends the image in an email ー most probably to Tony ー while Steve retrieves the list of bases. Natasha leans over and unzips her bag, pulling something from its depths; the paper rustles as she unfolds a large map. Steve watches as she carefully tears it in half, folding up the portion that doesn’t include the United States. She then opens a pack of page markers, grabs a pen from the nightstand, and writes a few words in neat, tiny letters on a bright green Post-It tab before sticking it on the map over their current location.
“I don’t know. We’ve never talked about it before.”
come first. You’ll get pushed to the side every single time, and if it isn’t Peter I’m focusing on, it’s work. Pepper always says that I destroy relationships because I can’t ever find a good enough balance between work and who I’m dating, and she would know, she and I dated for three years before it blew up in our faces, and it only lasted that long because she’s so damn stubborn and she loves so much, it wasn’t even an option for so long for it to
have me, okay? I'm not saying I'm gonna stop this, whatever this is, but my life outside of these dreams, when I'm awake? It's not… It's not what you deserve, trust me. I still can't believe you haven't recognised me yet,” adds Tony with a grimace. “You deserve a happy life without drama and trauma and the bullshit I deal with every day. My life isn't calm, it's a fucking circus on the best of days, and I want to keep you safe from that. Believe me.
Beyond the surgeon-turned-sorcerer, Tony isn’t sure there’s anyone else, and he wouldn’t trust them if there is. Science itself, in all its incarnations, has very strict rules (until someone sets out to break the rules, but that’s irrelevant), but magic… Magic has no discernible patterns, and that’s what irritates Tony the most. Sure, he may use engineering to make life easier, better, and to cut back on the amount of actions needed to accomplish a task, but using magic just seems less than cheap, worthless.
"On one condition. You tell me your name."
Happy merely nods in response. Tony grins then disappears, Happy's phone screen going dark. Steve turns, shuffling back into his apartment. He feels so foolish now, but he refuses to dwell on it – he just gathers up Peter's backpack and crosses to the couch, drops to his knees to gently lift the child into his arms. Peter startles, whimpering softly, his body twitching, and his eyes open just enough to look up at Steve.
“Oh. Yes. There was...someone shortly after Tony and I broke up. It was, it was great for about a year, and then he decided a kid wasn’t in his plans. Evidently, he felt he wasn’t cut out to be dating a CEO who was busy with a multinational company to run and mothering a child fathered by Tony. It was an ugly breakup, a long time coming, really, and Peter took it incredibly hard. He was okay, for the most part, when Tony and I separated, because he still sees Tony regularly, but I think he knew that Aldrich was never going to stay in his life. And a year of being around someone and them just...disappearing like that? I didn’t expect it to be easy on Peter, but it hurt him more than I anticipated. Aldrich didn’t make it any less difficult. It took almost a month for the breakup to be final, and nearly every day, he’d be around, going from wanting to work it out and trying to be a second father to Peter, to turning around and ignoring him and screaming about how I worked too much and the relationship wasn’t worth it if he never got to see me.” Pepper blinks rapidly, and Phil reaches up to gently brush the tears from her cheeks. “It was terrible, and I’ve regretted ever letting Aldrich into our lives.”
She sits on the couch beside him, one leg drawn up beneath her body, and rests a hand gently on his stomach. The baby immediately kicks and flips against her palm. Steve ignores the bright sheen of Natasha’s eyes as she murmurs softly in Russian. She rarely reaches out for comfort, and he’s not fool enough to say anything that might make her regret doing so this time.
Peter launches himself at Steve, burying his tear-streaked face into Steve's belly, and Steve rests a hand on the child's sweaty curls. Peter's shoulders are shaking slightly; Steve lowers down a bit until he's looking directly into Peter's eyes. He brushes a hand against the kid’s cheek, wincing at how warm and splotchy his skin is.
“Yeah, I know. But we're handling this. It isn't gonna happen. Just… Think of Jane, she needs you to stay calm so we can do this without civilian casualties or being arrested.”
have children. And –”
Tony slumps in his seat, stealing a glance at the screen. Steve pulls a stool closer, sits beside his partner. On the screen is a copy of the very first sonogram, blurry white and grey against black. The brunet strokes a finger gently over the picture.
Tony suddenly pulls onto the shoulder of the road, putting the car in park and turning to look at Steve directly. There's no trace of humour on his face; his expression is serious, solemn, and Steve finds himself missing the other man's smile.
, Steve thinks, and the words sound slightly hysterical even to himself. From the corner of his eye, he can see Tony watching him closely. Steve ignores him, too busy taking in the words on the screen, too busy feeling like maybe they can get through this together and in one piece. For the first time since he woke up this morning, Steve feels like he can actually breathe again and that the team will still be a team, a
child.” She sighs, taking a swig of vodka from the bottle she brought. “I… Between that damn interview and then Steve’s comment – I’m assuming he told you what happened?” At Tony’s nod, Natasha smiles without humour. “It’s surprising, really, how I can easily slip into dozens of roles, never lose track of which mask is for what reason, can be whatever I need to be for ops, but I can’t do it now. I keep making mistakes. I’ve never been this far out of my depths before.”
Rhodey joins them just as Tony is finishing up connecting wires, and Tony leans into the heavy, comforting hand on his shoulder. Natasha takes her weapon, gives Tony a smile and a
A large group of people are clustered around the main doors, another in front of the private entrance. Natasha grips Steve’s arm tightly, muttering an order to backtrack and go through the garage, but before the command can be executed, someone spots them, shouts their names. Everyone turns as one; camera are lifted onto shoulders, cell phones held up, and multiple voices start firing off questions.
A storm rages outside of the large windows; only the occasional flicker of lightning illuminates the room, and Steve tries desperately to calm himself, to get back a semblance of control over the howling that's inside of him. But Tony's arms are warm and comforting, and the way he keeps whispering softly words that Steve can't hear over the thunder or his aching heart, brings all of Steve's emotions to the front, and he can't keep fighting them down. It’s too draining, exhausting, to not allow himself to feel something,
Natasha holds up her phone and gives it a little shake to indicate she’s received the coordinates. Steve thanks JARVIS and sighs, gesturing toward the bathroom. Natasha waves a disinterested hand in his direction and Sam nods before leaning over the map. Steve doesn’t waste any more time; he scoops up his phone and pushes to his feet.
“Okay. I can do that. Drive safe, Tony.”
He listens to his mother as she tells him about her shift at the hospital, the antics of her patients, and her plans for her day off. Steve makes a mental note to go over and visit her when he can. They talk as Steve winds his way through the grocery store, picking out some fruit and tiny cakes and a bottle of wine that ends up being more expensive than he'd expected it to be, having come from a grocery store, but he doesn't want to buy something cheap. He firmly tells himself that he's not hoping to impress Tony. Not at all.
Steve glances up from his work to see a delivery man about a foot away from Thor, a box in hand. He makes his way through the desks, coming to a stop at Steve's side.
!” Steve laughs but doesn’t move from his seat; he doesn’t want to ruin the pictures that the photographer is taking.
“Oh, right. Of course.” She nods, slides the files into her bag, and stands. “I’ll come by the tower soon, so we can talk. Stay out of trouble, Tony.”
Steve sighs, holds Peter close, and thinks of his options. With a soft kiss to Peter’s hair, he gently sets Peter onto the couch and pulls his phone from his pocket.
“What? No, no one is. Well, they shouldn’t be, anyway. See, no, there’s Natasha, Bruce, Sam, Clint, Thor… They’re all there.”
“Ah, let them have their fun, Steve. You know how childish they are. But seriously, this is some amazing shit, who sent it to ya?”
It takes two days for the hurt and anger over Tony’s latest stunt to fade. Steve is grateful that, for once, Tony has accepted that Steve needed some space. Sam’s tried to help Steve sort through the chaos of his emotions; Bruce told Steve to remember that bad habits never die easily, and even then, they tend to show up at the most inopportune times; Thor has been confused by, but understanding of, the lack of affection being displayed between Tony and Steve. Pepper had sent the Iron Man armour back to the tower the day after she found her ex-boyfriend sleeping off a hangover, a Post-It note taped to the inside of the faceplate. Tony handed the note over to Steve without a word, then disappeared back into his workshop where he’s spent the last forty-eight hours, according to JARVIS.
“This...isn't somethin’ I'm comfortable discussing right now. So get some sleep, okay? Your daddy and mommy will call you in the morning to talk to you.”
“Do the bottles show up when he’s got his kid?”
Steve rolls his eyes. “Fine. I won’t ever mention a shop catering to sexually-active pygmy goats.”
“After you.”
“And for that, you can have a beer –
“I love you,” whispers Steve sleepily, and he snuggles closer.
that look, he saw it often enough in the beginning, and thinking about having to see it again sends a wave of nausea through him. He nearly misses the trash can as he vomits.
“Get more anaesthesia.”
Peter beams happily from where he’s stretched out on the couch. Indeed, the neon-orange stuffed pig is tucked close to his chest. “I take him everywhere with me, even to school, even though some kids tell me only babies have stuffies.”
Instead of answering, Tony grabs Steve's keys from his hand and unlocks the door, heading straight for the bedroom. Steve drops his mail onto the coffee table, follows close behind. His bed is already covered in clothes even though Tony's not been in the room for more than three minutes. Steve stays silent as Tony holds up pants and shirts, discards one or the other, and repeats the pattern with different clothing items. Finally, Tony seems to be done; he passes over a pair of charcoal-grey trousers, a white button-down that Steve forgot he even owns, and a long-sleeved navy cable knit sweater.  Steve waits, but Tony continues to stand there, so with a mental shrug, he peels off the t-shirt he wore to work, leaving the A-line tank top, and slips the button-down shirt on. Tony's fingers are deft, methodical, as he unbuttons Steve's pants and yanks them down. The look of abject concentration on his face makes it clear that he isn't thinking about anything sexual, which makes it easier for Steve to keep his mind off of the fact that Tony is so close, so close, and effectively stripping him. He stumbles as he lifts one foot and slides it into the leg of the slacks, even as he tugs the sweater over his head.
“I’m afraid I cannot disclose that information, as the sender wishes to remain anonymous.”
“This is Piggly.”
At least here, he can ignore the tiny, nagging voice in his head that is wondering what Steve is up to, and if he's going to sleep with that woman.
“Oh? Oh. Okay. I'll, uh, I'll go wake him up and get him ready to go.”
"M'yeah?"
. And you, Mr Stark, Captain Rogers, please do pull your heads out of your asses. Goodbye, Avengers. I shall be keeping an eye on you.”
“’Course you can, JARVIS. Thank you.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but the huff of soft laughter speaks volumes about his amusement. Tony stands, pulls him to his feet, and leads him to the elevator. JARVIS demonstrates his amazing bro-level by stopping the lift between floors while Tony’s on his knees, mouth coaxing groans from the man he’s so devastatingly in love with. Between the taste of Steve on his tongue and the swells of devotion and affection, Tony has rarely loved his life more.
Tony isn’t in the tower when Steve arrives fresh from the hospital with only the change of clothes Sam brought him upon his discharge. Miss Potts is, though, and she greets him warmly in the atrium after a few minutes of Steve trying to make himself smaller in an attempt to avoid the inquisitive glances of everyone milling about. Thankfully, she doesn’t require an explanation, merely guides Steve toward an elevator that appears in the wall panelling as if by magic. She introduces him to JARVIS and, though he’s heard about the AI from Natasha and Clint, nothing could have prepared him for the melodic voice that seems to come from the walls themselves or how the program knows so much about him.
“Yeah, tomorrow morning. Hopefully, somethin' happens, because I don't think I can stand to see Peter like this any more.”
“Uh, Sam and Nat are having a cookout at their place Saturday, and they invited me.”
Tony hangs up without anything further, and Steve heads back down the hall to the living room. Peter is still curled up on the couch, his tiny body fitting on one cushion. Steve ignores the way his heart aches at the misery on the child's face and sits next to him.
Peter nods, leaning heavily against Steve's thigh. Now that he's really looking, he can see that Peter isn't in the shirt he was wearing this morning, and the poor kid looks exhausted. His face is still pale except for the bright red splotches on his cheeks, and his lashes rest against dark purple half-moons under his eyes. Steve doesn't hesitate, just stretches out his arms and hefts Peter up so he can curl into his chest. Peter lets out a soft sigh, rests his head under Steve's chin. Steve smiles politely, says goodbye, and heads back to the main office. After writing down Peter's name, the reason why Peter is leaving, and signing his own name, Steve tucks the child closer and makes his way out of the building.
“Sir says you may enter whenever you wish. The door is unlocked.”
“You want me to be her godmother?”
“No worries. I guess, uh, guess I’ll see you around. Have a good night.”
“Have you
“Take these, and I'll take him. You look like you're about to collapse from exhaustion, so let me help.”
“Sir, Agent Romanov is inquiring about your status.”
, Steve thinks,
He collapses, boneless, on Steve’s left side, panting unsteadily as his heart races in his chest. His fingers lazily card through the ends of Steve’s long blond hair. His breathing finally steady, he pushes himself onto one elbow, brushing a kiss across Steve’s cheekbone, and drapes an arm over Steve’s waist.
“Hey, kiddo, you hungry?”
"It's
“Yes, well, I’m good at my job, Mr Stark.”
"Tony?"
“You got it, ma’am.”
Steve sets the glasses on the coffee table, sitting heavily on the couch. He knows he should warn Tony that he won’t be much company, not tonight, but oddly enough, he doesn’t want to make Tony feel like he has to leave. So instead, he watches as Tony gets
“Here. As soon as I left last night, I came straight home and watched movies until the team came stumbling in at three.”
Steve plucks the card from her hand. “Keep it down, okay? I don't really wanna deal with Clint or Pietro hearing this.”
Steve lets out a shaky breath, lowers himself into one of the seats. Tony stays on his feet; a gauntleted hand rests on Steve's shoulder, the weight and pressure oddly reassuring, grounding.
He tries to write letters to Tony ー either to say he regrets how their first interactions went or to tell the man how utterly lost he is now, seventy years out of his time, Steve isn’t really sure, but each word ends up drenched in pain and heartbreak, and his wastebasket is overflowing with crumpled balls of paper before he gives up.
It's then that everything goes to Hell. Glass shatters inward, screaming tearing through the thundering booming of the explosion. Steve ducks, fists wrapping in the king's jacket and yanking him down. But he is already falling, without control or grace, and Steve knows, knows without a doubt that this is the start of the chaos from the vision. The king is dead.
“I don't think so, but I've also known them for years, and I regret every single interaction I have with 'em.”
“I love you, too. Wanna try for more sleep?”
“The sonogram was set for two-thirty.”
The circle of bright white-blue embedded in his chest nearly blinds Steve, but he keeps staring. It's beautiful, he tells Tony so. Tony explains that it's an electromagnet, an arc reactor, keeping shrapnel from the bomb out of his heart, keeping him alive.
“What gave you the idea for Spiderman?” Pepper asks, taking a sip of her wine.
“Did you expect me to throw a fit about it?” Steve rolls his eyes good-naturedly, his voice flat when he says, “No, don’t leave, I don’t know how I’ll survive without you.”
Steve looks less like he’s being sliced open from the inside out by the time lunchtime rolls around. Tony has spent the last four hours studying chemical compositions of a variety of over-the-counter pain medications, arguing over the chance of success of each combination with Bruce, but so far, no results have been deemed favourable. So he merely squeezes Steve’s hand before he leaves to meet with Loki at a cafe down the block.
“Why… Steve?”
“I, uh, I got one, but I met him when I was ten. So, not quite as long as you and me.”
, and since she didn't tell me until right before we were leaving, which was just cruel of her, I figured I'd wait here and tell you when you got home, so hi, welcome home, get changed, 'cause we gotta go.”
"Can I have something other than sparkling juice?" complains Clint, plopping down onto the couch. He winces when Pepper's pump and Coulson's dress shoe find their targets on his shins. "Evidently not. Okay, listen up 'cause I don't do this a whole lot. Ya know, when Steve and Tony told us they wanted to have a baby, which meant Loki would be around, I was... Well, I was pissed. Why couldn't they just
“Of course he will. He loves you very much and would never, ever leave you behind. So… I have to ask. Who’s this super-cool pig you got here?”
“Yeah, absolutely. I’ll let Pep know what’s going on. Thanks, Steve.”
“Classy,” Natasha calls from the doorway. “Barnes, Phil needs you yesterday, there was a problem with the shoot from the other day.”
“Oh, geez. It wasn’t even a real kiss!”
May's looks different in the evening, a silhouette against a twilight sky; the large windows are bursting with light, and just beyond the panes of glass, a waitress refills glasses at a table for four, another carries a tray to a booth toward the back, and the man from before ー was his name Ben? ー stands behind the cash register, laughing and talking as he takes money from a departing patron. Steve finally drags his eyes away from the tableau in front of him only to find Tony staring at him with eyes softened by...something, and a slight smile on his lips. Steve grins back, brings Tony’s hand to his lips, and kisses the skin before leaning over to kiss Tony’s cheek.
Steve nods sharply, reaches for the doorknob then immediately jerks his hand back. This repeats a couple more times before he finally steels his nerves and twists the knob, pushes the door open. He steps inside and halts immediately.
“Ms Potts is currently in the jet on her way from Malibu. She will be arriving in roughly half an hour.”
“I guess I should say I’m sorry, too.”
Before Bucky can speak, Tony interrupts, explaining to both T'Challa and Steve's best friend how the Accords came to be. He even tells Bucky that Shuri is his best hope, that if anyone can do it, it's her. And isn't it just like Tony, to forget the massive ego he allegedly has in order to praise someone possibly more intelligent than he is. Bucky agrees with little fanfare, and T'Challa nods once, steps away to get in contact with the appropriate people.
“Take us to Tony, J-Man.”
“No, no office sex, sorry. I’m pregnant.”
Seeing Tony in person, after twenty-seven years, is… Well, it's honestly overwhelming. Steve stands in the doorway and stares at the other man. To his credit, Tony seems to be taking the surprise better than Steve; he's still talking to Ms Potts about some board, the deadlines he's going to reach but it's a very unhappy concession and she should appreciate him bending over backwards to comply with her demands, telling her to buy out some shoe store but go away. Ms Potts only grins in response, her heels clicking against the floor as she passes Steve and exits the office. Finally, Tony falls silent, and he shoves his hands into the pockets of his pants. Steve clears his throat, raises a hand to wave sheepishly.
“Hey, Tony?”
“‘Little’? I'm bigger than you!”
Both Tony and Steve fall silent at the tearful shriek coming from deeper inside Tony’s apartment. Peter stands at the edge of the hallway in just his underwear; his face is red, eyes shining brightly in the glare from the lamps around the living room. Belatedly, awkwardly, Steve lets the hand still holding the money to Tony’s chest, fall to his side.
Steve can't hear over the rushing in his ears, blood pounding and heart racing. He doesn't think, doesn't second-guess himself, just leans forward and presses his lips against Tony's. It's graceless, clumsy, and a sharp spike of pain lances through his mouth. His hands clutch at Tony's shoulders; he fumbles  as he tries to wrap his arms around Tony's  neck as something hard and round presses into his chest when he pushes closer. Tony stiffens in his grip before he jerks away. Steve's eyes burn with tears of humiliation as he stares, uncomprehending, at Tony.
Shoving the groceries into his fridge to keep cold, he makes his way to the bathroom, stripping on the way. He showers quickly, makes sure that every inch of his body is scrubbed clean and that he doesn't stink from the walk to and from work; he loops a towel around his waist as he steps out of the shower stall, turning the water off as he goes. He shaves quickly but thoroughly, splashes on some aftershave, and walks into his bedroom. Finding a plain white T-shirt and boxer-briefs is the easy part, but it leaves him struggling to figure out what to wear. He doesn’t want to look too dressy, nor does he want to look too casual. He eventually settles on a pair of black slacks and a dark oxford shirt with a white gingham pattern, rolls the sleeves to his elbows. Steve inhales slowly, trying to force himself to calm down as he examines his reflection in the mirror on the back of his bedroom door. He pulls on a pair of navy socks as he hops his way back down the hall to grab up his converse shoes.
“Uh huh, can I have berry cereal?”
“Love you, too, Daddy, and guess what.”
“I’m sure. Anything, in particular, he likes to eat?”
Her blue eyes narrow, scrutinising him closely. “Of course, Mister Stark.”
Inside, nestled among tissue paper and bubble wrap, are a set of high-end markers, pencils, sketchbooks, and one white card, folded in half; Steve picks up the card, unfolds it to read “
“Perhaps, sir, perhaps not.”
“No, thank
“Hang on, Steve.” Tony leans forward, catches Clint’s attention, and signs to the archer
. “Thank you so much, Steve.”
that, Natasha.”
"I, uh... I lost my footing in my rush to get to work."
“Where’s Don? He was supposed to be here already.”
with it, but I’m willing.”
The enormous mansion that greets Steve when he steps out of the limo is astounding. The lawn is clearly taken care of, lush and green and sprawling. Steve stares wide-eyed at everything as he makes his way to the front door, a step behind Tony. The door closes with a quiet snick that echoes softly in the silence of the foyer.
done this before, it is an intensely personal thing and his questions are unwelcome. He clears his throat awkwardly. “Sorry, JARVIS. I know it’s none of my business. Uh. Is… is Tony awake?”
, please!”
“No, but ー oh, hell, just get in here. This is awkward enough without you standing outside my door looking like you kicked a puppy and are dying from the guilt.”
He lets out a huff of laughter and heads toward the bedroom. “Why is it you always jump to the worst possible conclusion, Tony? I could just be calling to tell you I love you and that I’m thinkin’ ‘bout you.”
The skies are dark, clear, as Tony flies back home. Rhodey hadn’t been impressed by his impromptu visit – though that could have been the fact that Rhodey was in the middle of a “training exercise” for the Air Force – and he was even less impressed by the situation when Tony explained it. He’d given Tony an exasperated look, shaken his head, and grabbed them both a soda (because Rhodey really is the best and has been a huge support in Tony’s “No more drinking and fucking up my life” endeavour).
“Tony, you need to talk to Steve.”
“You'd be worth it.”
He ignores the mortification and sends back,
“Yeah. There was even a standoff and everything.”
“Not bad, Steve. Just a bit more practise, and you’ll be a pro.”
The armour sets down gently on the landing pad, and Tony sighs blissfully as he steps out of it. The wind is brisk, but thankfully it’s a short walk into the penthouse. It’s been a long, boring,
It’s a terrible way of asking someone out on a date, Steve knows it, though he can’t be upset with Nat for doing it for him ー he’s well aware that he probably wouldn’t have ever gotten over his nerves to actually ask Tony himself. His gratitude fades as time slips on without a response. Three o’clock, four o’clock, five o’clock, and still no reply from Tony. Steve tries his best to convince himself that Tony was most likely busy with the company he runs, but he can’t help the doubts. What if Tony just tries to let him down easy, but nothing is the same and Steve can no longer babysit Peter? What if their friendship is irrevocably ruined, and it’s strained and awkward and they can’t even talk to each other without going their separate ways immediately because it’s just too painful?
day; between fighting with the Board over the latest “crisis” (not even an actual crisis, for God’s sake, just them worrying about whether the stock is prepared to take a hit) and basically coddling the idiots in R&D until they produced the right specs for the latest StarkTab, Tony is wrung practically dry, and he wonders if one teeny-tiny drink would be considered falling off the proverbial wagon that is Sobriety.
“Um, okay?”
"And they, what, think this new person is our therapist?"
“But? I feel like there’s a ‘but’ here, so but?”
he’d set his DVR to record while he was out. He’d just started fleshing out the newest character in his latest comic when he had been interrupted by a frantic pounding on the door. He hadn’t expected to see the man from across the hall standing on the other side. It was even more of a surprise to see a little boy clinging to his hand.
“Uh, not at a board meeting, that’s for sure.”
? Really?"
“I… I don’t want to adopt. Or have a surrogate. I want our child to have our DNA.”
doing, I'm really not, I just… I miss you, and you're not here a lot, so I keep missin’ you. I hate that this is all we've got.”
“Hello?”
“To be fair, none of us were that thrilled about us trusting Loki. Bucky would love the fact he’s getting a niece, though, right?”
appears at the bottom of the message box, disappearing and reappearing and disappearing again. Then, finally, Tony’s response comes through.
He rarely sleeps. His nights are constantly interrupted by haunting memories and phantasms of his past. Too many times, Steve startles out of nightmares of being back in the ice, but this time, he is able to watch from afar as life passes him by once more, the faces of those he’s let down digging their fingers into his skin and blaming him for their deaths, of witnessing Red Skull tearing his flesh from his own face and revealing bone the colour of blood and rage and fire. He wakes each time shivering, curled into a tight ball, as his heart races in his chest; the blankets he covers up with do little in the way of making him actually
. “My apartment is too quiet now. I, uh, I figured we’re friends now, and friends hang out, right? But if I got it wrong, which happens a lot no matter how much I'm loathe to admit it, if I'm wrong, tell me, and I'll leave, no questions asked.”
“Barnes did not kill my father. I will have my time with the man who did. Barnes is an innocent victim, just like everyone in that building, and I will not stand for him to be used as a pawn like this.”
“Don, the shock –”
"You are a lifesaver."
and gets to work, looking forward to Friday with more enthusiasm than he thinks is appropriate.
said no. I never agreed.”
“It’s okay – all right,” Tony concedes, holding his hands up in surrender at the three-fold glare he receives. “Maybe ‘okay’ is a bad word, but as I was saying, Bruce and I can try to figure out something that
“Clint, you and Thor decided to throw a party because you got out of a speeding ticket.”
“You…know…?
, so obviously, family is important to you, but you didn’t seem to give a damn about what I thought, so I’m going to assume you couldn’t care less what strangers think of your parenting skills. Or you as a person.” Steve shrugs. “This is all speculation and assumption, obviously.”
“I’m ready enough for him!” Pepper calls from out of sight, and Charlotte rolls her eyes.
that’s what happened?”
“Can… Can we talk about this?”
“Yeah, it has some carrots and celery, but they're cooked until they're soft,” Steve replies at Tony's shrug.
The first kiss between them was… Tony will never call it a mistake, but it certainly hadn’t been his intention. It had happened after a stupid training/“bonding” exercise mandated by Fury, one that took nearly three days of gruelling effort, hard work, and quick thinking to complete. It was Tony, Steve, and Clint against Natasha, Thor, and the newbie, some guy Steve met in DC – Sam – who’d become a surprisingly great addition to the team. The teams were released at opposite ends of an underground labyrinth full of traps and dead-ends. Between the simulated (thankfully non-fatal) dangers and lack of sufficient sleep, all of them were running ragged, even Steve, by the time Team Good-Looking-Minus-Clint-But-What-Can-Ya-Do managed to overpower and defeat Team Shut-Up-Stark-We-Don’t-Need-A-Name. In the silence following the announcement on the loudspeakers, Clint’s sudden shouting of
The day finally comes.
“Okay!”
“I’m sure JARVIS can arrange that. Seriously, though, you guys are gonna be fine. Nat, you’re an expert at adapting to new situations and making the appropriate choices, and
"It has come to my attention that some of your fellows decided to camp out in front of my residence, wait in the blistering cold for possibly hours, and pretty much assault three women who are very dear to me. A couple of you are even in this room right now! Yes, Jack, I'm talking about you and Leon, and you, too, Price. Now, normally, I'd kick assholes like you out, but this is something you definitely need to hear.
"Who'd you get in a fight with in the last few hours?"
"Hey, so-" Steve tried again, standing behind the couch and looking at what it was Clint was watching, an HGTV renovation show - he wouldn't judge. "You're always up to do something risky or inappropriate right?"
Steve couldn't help himself as he laughed shaking his head, embarrassed, and silently thanking God that they were turning into the underground parking of the tower now. He needed to get up and move, and maybe drink some cold water, at the very least a change in topic and get Tony's hand as far away from his lap as possible. "Look at that, we're home."
Steve can feel his ears getting hot just at the thought, but it's barely noticeable, if he wasn't there he wouldn't have even noticed. But Tony's Caption makes his chest sink.
"I didn't say that." The stranger quickly blurted. "My name's Steve."
Pepper glanced at Natasha, who stepped to the side and opened the door. "Shall we?" her red lips quirked up ever so slightly.
When he got to the lobby, he decided he need to be as far away from this place, as far away from Steve, as possible. Tony turned towards the main doors, and was pushed forward, out into the cool evening air. The sun was just starting to set, and the street lamps had flickered on, and Tony wondered how long it would take him to walk to the airport.
"I told you no presents." Natasha groaned, pushing herself away from the table. "I guess I should know better, when do you ever listen?"
"Oh." Steve raised his hand, holding out the fabric. "It's a tie, I think. Bow tie. I haven't had much luck tying it." he shrugged glancing over his shoulder at the kitchen, and the people within it. "I was actually coming down to ask for some help."
"Oh God please don't be dumb." Tony sighed and then he raised his hands, using one to point a finger at himself he used the other to point at the stranger and then very slowly he formed one into a circle and inserted an outstretched finger into it.
The third time Steve said it, it was almost planned.
"Did everyone know?" She asks, eyes wide, clearly pinning the blame on the blonde for word getting out that she had been trying to get with Sam for over a month.
"What did she ever do to you?" Tony asked, trying for amused since he was usually on the receiving end of those eye daggers, and it was nice not to be. His words, not so obviously, startled Steve, but the only way to tell being the blondes shoulders tense up at being caught. Something Tony had picked up on working along side him after so many months. He had not been staring longingly at Steve when no one would notice, nope, pinky swear it.
"Like me?" Steve cut in, genuinely concerned.
Tony knew he was charming, he didn't want to sound too full of himself, but he could charm the robe off a monk if he tried.  It's what he grew up doing, flash a smile throw a compliment and get them eating out of your hand by the end of the night. But he didn't want to do that tonight, if he was going to be friends with Natasha he wanted to be friends with her friends, the right way. Without putting on a facade every time he saw them. Or a least he was going to try.
Natasha did not give Tony an inch, and yet still managed to stroke his ego enough that he knew she was the one. He took to her quickly, and she him. Tony gladly added her to his very short list of friends, So when she came into the office after Valentine's day with a ring, Tony knew there was no way he was not going to be apart of it. Thankfully, Natasha didn't disagree. So now he was heading off to Vermont, to finally meet the groom, and everyone else Natasha occasionally mentioned when speaking about her life.
"So you dug out every remote you could find?" Tony's eyebrows raised in question before he chuckled down at the remote collection. It was pretty stupid to have six different remotes for one system, and Tony couldn't fault Steve for being annoyed with it. And yes, he could have just told Steve to ask Jarvis to turn it on and that would have worked just fine, but he knew Steve, he knew the guy liked to do things himself, the old school way.  So instead of pointing out the obvious Tony decided he was going to have to do this the hard way. "I am going to need you to forget everything you think you know about remotes for a second."
Tony's fingers managed to twist around the fabric of Steve's T-shirt and move it upwards. Steve pulled away only for his shirt to be lifted over his head and tossed. The partial split was enough to make Tony whine, he was about to complain when he heard the ringing of a phone.
Tony's lips pulled flat, as if he was trying very hard not to laugh, but Steve decided not to read into it. Thankfully, he seemed to swallowing back whatever was bubbling up before flicking his finger over the screen and opening the phone up. "The data thing likely means you need to upgrade your phone plan, and maybe start using the tower Wifi, like I told you to do a month ago." Tony glanced up at Steve, checking to see if he was listening. "You know all of these problems would be solved if you'd just let me upgrade you to a Stark phone."
Steve's strides were long, and quick, as he marched across the room in reply, and Tony leaned into the embrace, allowing their mouths to fit together just like they always had, only this time it was slow, and careful. Tony drank up every moment, every touch as his hands slowly danced around the man pressed against him, while Steve did the same. Every graze of skin against skin meant something, If this was it, truly it, he was going to make it last. He was going to use every inch of his being to make Steve understand, to make him feel.
Steve shrugged, leaning into the door frame, as Tony carried on into his own room.  He figured he'd watch, just to make sure Tony was okay. "You'd honestly know more about that than I would." Steve crossed his arms against his chest and held back a laugh as Tony came to a stop, as if finally realizing Steve wasn't beside him anymore.
Sam threw his head back and barked out a laugh. "Cap would be so lucky as to date me."
But he didn't want to stop, he had replayed this scenario over in his head for months after Steve left. He had practiced what he would say and it always changed, but he had always promised himself that he would never stop and turn around. He wouldn't give Steve that satisfaction. But his name came out again in that familiar voice and this time it was louder, and closer, and Tony's legs failed to remember the deal, and stopped.
Steve laughed from beside him, also turning his attention back to the phone. "I'm just being the real me."
He could see Pepper visibly shutter from the voice alone.
"What's everyone's plan for the day?" Steve asks as if the change of subject is direly needed, though he doesn't bother looking up from the next round of bacon.
"Flush." Clint beamed setting his cards face up on the table.
"Oh my god Barton." Natasha threw a throw pillow at him. "I'm not saying they had sex."
"Hey, Steve?" He asked as he was handed his most recent pain tablet.
"You are so hilarious." Tony deadpanned. "I'm serious, I like Natasha, I think she's great, she kind of reminds me of you but a little less-"
, made Steve's stomach knot up, though he wasn't entirely sure why. "Uh yeah, Sam knows.  You think it's going to make a statement?"
Clint grumbled as he pushed himself away from the table and disappeared back into the house with Bucky.
"What did I say?" Steve stepped into the kitchen, pulling an earbud from his ear, smiling at Natasha from the doorway, clearly having just come in from his morning run. How he managed to look that good and that put together after a run always amazed Tony. Like a windswept model. It was unfair,
The entire deck was decorated in soft white string lights. The summer sun was still up, but once it set Tony could tell it would be beautiful There was a large table, completely set for seven, with a few covered bowls in the center. Everyone had managed to steal a seat, though Natasha had saved him one next to her, at the end of the table.
"Polished?" Tony finished instead, knowing her threat was not empty. "I haven't even met the groom, and at this point I've been invited and had to miss so many events I'm sure they think I am a giant ass."
"You look really good tonight." Comes out of Tony's mouth as he watches Steve's throat bob, and his grip tightens around his glass of water.
"Not really." Steve admits, and it may come out a bit harsher than he had meant. But he had tried hard to just be himself, yet people still always assumed he was dating any girl he was spotted out in public with. Still, people assumed he was perfect, he was still Captain America, even though he posted things from Steve Roger's every day life. "I just mean I could be doing more."
"If you are sending nudes during working hours again I swear to God I'm taking your phone away." Pepper sighs once the meeting wraps, and the board members leave the room.
Tony tells Rhodey, he tells him everything, right up to his dramatic running away. When Rhodey asks if Steve has checked on him, Jarvis confirms that no he has not. "Sorry" Is all his friend can say to him and it's valid, because leave it to Tony to fall for someone emotionally unavailable, like Karma was laughing right in his face.
Tony was the one who spoke, but it was not his voice that came out. No, the voice was small and cracked and foreign to Tony's ears. It was the voice of his past self uttering a name to a face he never thought he'd see again. He knew his mouth was hanging open, and he figured he would be the one now with a wave of emotion carrying over his face, while people looked at him.
"No man, You count too." Sam waved his hands around the three men standing around him. "traitors,
"That's it!" Tony exclaimed. "You're the best Rhodey. Thank you so much-"
"Yes." Tony moved around the couch, and looked down at the array of removed that Steve had lined up on the coffee table. Various sizes and shapes, and a great hint at what it was that causing all the frustration. "Most electronics are female, you can tell because you need to be gentle with them, give them love and support-" He looked up from the remotes to the black TV, piecing the situation together. " - And if you fuck up once they'll never let you hear the end of it."
Tony swallowed back the lump in his throat, a wave of emotion crashing over him so hard he felt like he might drown. He was transported back to the night in the shack, to the first time, and how it felt, but this. This time was nothing like that. This time Steve's voice quivered and his hand trembled and Tony could feel every word said to him. This time his eyes watered and he had every sensible fiber of his brain screaming at him that this was not a drill.
"She?" Steve asked, glancing at Tony, now with his face all knotted up in frustration, and confusion, and Tony kinda liked it.
"Uh, let me know if he needs anything, alright?"
"Oh." Is all Tony could say, he really had no idea what Steve had been up to in the past ten years. Tony's life updates were all over the front pages of news papers and magazines, not Steve's, but he wanted to know more. "So you decided to stay?"
"Or." Tony suggested. "I could just pretend he doesn't exist, survive the next three days and come home some what mentally stable."
Steve's hands quickly dropped to cup Tony's ass, only to lift him up onto the desk, sending rolled poster boards to fall to the ground. Tony's legs wrapped around Steve's hips and Tony's hands now worked on inching their way under Steve's T-shirt, while Steve's head dipped and his lips worked their way down to the sensitive skin along Tony's throat.
"Again?" Bruce shook his head, throwing a poker chip into the center. "I'll Raise."
"No-" Tony shot up, but with her free hand Natasha shoved him back into the floor, damn she was strong.
, but Steve decided to leave that part out of his conversation with the Widow.
"No way man." Clint shook his head. "Look at Steve and then look at Tony - There's no way."
"Tony." Steve sighed. "Did you mean the things you said?"
"Captain Rogers brought you home last night Sir."
Tony's brow knotted together as he took the envelope and pulled out one of the many scraps of paper that were folded up inside of it. It was a sketch, a mini blueprint that Tony had drawn. When he and Steve were together, innovation would strike him at the weirdest times, in the middle of dinner, right after sex, sometimes in the middle of a movie, he would demand a pen and some sort of scrap paper and he would sketch, or write out numbers and figures.
"What's going on?" Pepper spoke stepping into the room, eyes flickering from Tony to Natasha and back to Tony.  It must have clicked instantly, she knew exactly what was going on and the look of pity on her face said it all. "Oh, No. Tony."
“There is a visitor at the landing pad, Sir”
"Working on it." Tony cuts in, putting the tomato in his mouth. "Beautiful flowers Natasha, by the way, just gorgeous, good taste, Clint did so well." He mumbles around his chewing.
He sat next to the bed, the only sounds in the room was the beeping of the heart monitor. Steve watched as Tony's chest struggled to move up and down with each breath, he was cut up and bruised and the doctors said they didn't know when he would come back around, but that he just would, eventually.
This time, Tony's legs obeyed, and carried him away, tucking his hands into his pockets he put his head down and pushed on even after one last attempt from Steve to call his name.
"With what?" Steve asked as he threw the car into park and shut off the engine.
"He got more likes than he has followers." Maria replied, before her dark eyes fall back onto Steve.
"Probably not." He agrees. "But I'm glad we did."
This time, he did shift, glancing up and over his shoulder at the man, now with his hands wrapped around himself, trying to hold in any warmth he could, but that face, no longer hidden by metal, was soft. Their eyes met and the wind picked up, slapping against their bare skin again. The silence drawing longer with each breath.
"I am not." Tony nearly gasped "How do I look though?"
Tony tightened his grip on Sam's jacket, taking a moment to drink Steve in. He was dressed in a suit, the black fabric making him look paler than usual, but causing those blue eyes to pop in a way Tony had never witnessed before. Tony indulged himself, taking his time in dragging his eyes down the length of Steve's body and back up. "Wow, don't you clean up nice." He finally replied.
Even deeper, Steve stumbled upon a group photo. It was from one of the press events that the Avengers had attended upon newly forming. They were seated behind a long table with microphones. The only person aside from Tony looking at the camera was Natasha. She had an eyebrow raised, a very serious look on her face.
"Did you really buy her a thigh master?" Tony found himself asking, that third beer giving him a kick of liquid courage.
"As I was saying,
Tony knows when the fog around his head clears that he is going to over think everything that just happened, that he will go over every word spoke and dissect every sentence. He knows it, because that's what his head does, but just for now, he just wanted to indulge the side of him that missed this, the side that wanted it all back. So he lays back, and closes his eyes, and tries to imagine a life in which the ten years never happened.
Sam was laughing, and Sharon had snorted at the idea, even Clint was chuckling, but Steve was just looking so, embarrassed and sorry. "It wasn't all bad." Tony found himself adding, getting Steve to look up at him from across the table. "Sometimes he also hit it out of the park, something else that must run in the family."
Tony could sense the disappointment coming from Steve, and it felt wrong. He knew he should mention the call, the voicemail, allude to any of it, reassure Steve of, well, that was the problem. Tony didn't know what he would be reassuring Steve of. Not yet.  Steve hadn't lost him again, but was it safe to even admit that Steve had got him again in the first place? Did what they even do count for anything. Tony hadn't worked any of that out yet, he had been wrapped around his own head for nearly 24 hours, and nothing made any more sense now than it did earlier.
"Got ya covered." Natasha replies, slipping off the couch and disappearing into the kitchen with Pepper, towards where she stores the good Russian vodka that Pepper has grown to love so much.
"It was for science." He says with an easy smile. "You can understand that, right?"
"How do you know I even got into any trouble?" Tony put the phone onto speaker once he reached his bed, tossing it on to the bedside table and drying himself off.
Once he felt the solid desk behind him, knowing he had support for his very weak knees, Tony was able to drop his hands, curling the fingers of one into the waist of Steve's jeans, while the other palmed the denim fabric. He knew he was rushing, but he had missed this, his body was aching for this. "Tony-" Steve breathed out against his lips, which was sign enough that he wasn't the only one feeling so desperate.
This is it. The end.  Three months later...
"No?" Steve stole a quick glance before looking back at the road. "Don't tell me there weren't at least 50 different women trying to take you home tonight."
Steve has Tony pinned up against the elevator as it slowly lifts to the penthouse floor again, he has his lips on Tony's, and they are hungry, but they are soft, as if soaking up every inch they touch. Steve's hands are large, and warm, and they're sliding up the front of Tony's shirt before he even has a chance to wrap his mind around Steve being so forward.
"Tony!" She exclaimed, squeezing herself through the bodies to join his side. "You made it."
"The real question here Spangles -" Tony said behind a mischievous smile. "Is what were you doing up so late? and on your computer no less. Making up for lost time?"
Steve's hand stopped moving as if surprised Tony had been paying attention to what he had been saying at all, which he should have known better than to think. "Banging?" Steve finally said, his lips curling into a smirk. "I would have used a different word, but yes."
"Everything okay over there Shell head?" Cap asked,
"You can't fix everything."
"What?" Tony cut her off. "This is the first bachelorette, slash bachelor party I have ever been invited to, I'm not skipping out just because an Ex boyfriend is lurking around." Tony found himself rolling his eyes. "If I avoided everywhere I had an ex, I would never leave the penthouse."
"Probably not." She replied plainly still, eyes squinting briefly at her screen before she hit the enter button with a little bit more force than was probably necessary. Satisfied with whatever she had just sent, she set her green eyes on to Tony. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
In the end though, Steve was right. He did what he did, and what happened happened, and Tony wasn't sure if they were allowed to have a reset button on any of this anymore.
After his shower, Tony pulled on some pajama pants, realized it was nearly eight and ordered some room service. He debated calling Pepper, but she had already spent her day finding flowers to ship to Vermont, he felt it would be selfish of himself to pile on his inner struggles on to her. Particularly when they involved possibly still being in love with an Ex. Pepper deserved better than that.
"Sorry, my what?" Sam asked with a quirk of his brow.
"I think it's disgusting." The woman said into the microphone. "My daughter follows that account, or followed, I don't want her to be seeing that kind of stuff. He's supposed to be Captain America-"
