“Yoga Lisa?” Dean asked again.
“But what if he…” Dean wiped tears away from his eyes. “What if he never loves me?”
,” she said. “I can’t tell you how many times I begged Lisa to tell you, to try to get you involved in his life. Maybe she was right all along.”
“No?”
“You think I only want you for sex?” Dean asked.
“Shut up, you don’t understand,” Dean muttered.
He’d met her, like, a year and a half earlier. It was a one night stand that turned into a one weekend stand. It was the bendiest weekend of
Dean nodded in defeat. “Okay.”
“Baby rebellion,” Cas replied with a grin. “Okay, I’m going to call my siblings.”
“Then...you really do...?”
Is this real???
the narrator say anything?”
Just one night. One perfect night. With his family. Before he had to give them up.
“Fine by me,” squeaked Cas, worrying briefly about making a mess on Dean’s couch, but if Dean didn’t care, then...
“Well...my writing seems to coincide with what happens to you...so if I start on the ending today...I should finish it by...tomorrow morning,” Chuck said softly.
Destiel forever!
“This?” Cas repeated his movement.
already,” Cas said with a smile.
Dean looked over at Cas, waggling his eyebrows. “Wanna ride shotgun with me, hot wings?”
Castiel blushed sharply.
“It’s alright,” Cas said soothingly. Now that he knew the man and knew what he’d been through, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for the guy. “I don’t blame you. You...you gave me so much. You gave me Dean. I’m so grateful I got to know him, even if it was just a short time. Please don’t hate yourself.”
“Dropping f-bombs now, are we? Whatever happened to ‘assbutt’, Sesame Street?” Dean teased.
and clenched his (Cas’s) messy dark hair, Dean had no choice but to oblige.
“Yes, I can! I can taste the sadness. I can taste the chili thinking to itself,
“I have witch killing bullets, and I’m not afraid to use them.”
, decorated with a classic black Impala on the front.
“Oh, come on, that’s impossible,” said Sam. “I bet he doesn’t know, like...ancient Sumerian.”
the angel said pointedly.
for once! I’m saying
Once Dean was breathing semi-normally, and his muscles didn’t feel quite so gelatinous, suddenly Dean found himself kneeling on a pillow on the floor, hands bound behind his back. Castiel was looking down at him, casually stroking his cock. He gently traced Dean’s jaw with his fingertips, giving Dean goosebumps all over again.
The Caller ID said that it was Dean, calming Cas a finite bit. He accepted the call and raised the phone to his ear. “Hello, Dean,” he said, unable to keep from smiling.
Castiel sighed. “I guess...there is Inias. He’s kind-hearted. Maybe he’d let me stay awhile.”
“Hey, Castiel.” It was Inias, one of Castiel’s friendlier coworkers—Castiel would even be so bold as to call him a friend if they’d ever associated outside of the office. “Is something wrong? You’re...just standing there, staring at the Ls.”
“That the man of my dreams hates my guts and I’m doomed to be alone for the rest of my very short life?”
Castiel hurried off, feeling close to tears. Could this day get any worse?
“Notes? Where?”
You ever wondered why we put angels at the top of our Christmas trees? Well, because angels are real. I know, I didn’t believe it myself, but they are. They watch over us at Christmas time, making sure everyone has safe holiday travels and perfect white Christmas snowfalls, but mostly what they do is help out Santa. Yeah, I know, you thought it was elves, didn’t you. That’s the part everyone gets wrong.
Charlie Bradbury was currently ringing the doorbell of the small rundown residence of Charles Shurley. After a minute, the door was opened not by the plucky young Becky but by the man himself, looking significantly better than he had before—he was wearing actual clothes, for a start, and his face didn’t have that gaunt pallor to it, and the rings under his eyes were less severe.
“I would
you’ve been having?” Joshua leaned forward. “Something about...hearing voices?”
Castiel’s heart sank in his chest at the last words. He heard Charlie gasp softly and touch his shoulder.
” he said, despising how whiny and wavery his voice sounded to his own ears. “I’m just a guy who works in a cubicle who gets assigned cases! And for the record, I don’t like the way the government spends the tax budget either, but I’m not a member of Congress, so I can’t do a lot to change it! I don’t know who you think I am but I’m not just some bureaucratic...establishment-loving...
Castiel perked up. “You do?”
Castiel entered his home with a loud clatter as he barreled through the door, throwing his briefcase on the kitchen table with barely a glance as he stormed into the bathroom. He wet his toothbrush under the faucet, squeezed a dollop of toothpaste onto the bristles, then shoving it in his mouth, brushing furiously. “Castiel was counting brushstrokes, 38 times back and forth, 38 times up and down, he was going to die!
Dean closed his eyes. “
Dean blinked. “Cas...have you never heard of top surgery?” he asked gently.
. “Oh. Oh, I’m such an idiot. I didn’t even realize...”
Sam frowned. “Of course he did. Jerk just can’t take a good thing at face value. Hold on, I’ll get him for you.”
Around three in the afternoon, Castiel was wrapping up with the paperwork. He was putting things in his briefcase when he heard a polite rap on the door. Dean was lingering in the doorway, looking in. “Everything five by five in here?” he asked.
“No, no, you don’t have to-” But Sam was already barreling, determined, through the front door with Castiel in tow.
Sam sighed. “Let’s go home.”
Castiel pulled out the paper he’d written Chuck’s information on. “He’s right here in the city.”
“Go? Where?”
, which had a girl with streaming red hair holding a sword high above her head in triumph.
“I don’t know, I don’t know!”
“Oh, don’t be nice to me, Hannah,” Castiel sighed, pulling his hand out of the Dalmatian. “Why don’t you all just say what you’re thinking about me? I’m an
The vamp rushed Dean, who whipped out his machete and sliced his head off with barely a blink. “You are so sexually appealing,” groaned Cas.
Charlie hurried over to Castiel with a concerned expression. “Are you
“And Benny?” Castiel asked.
A woman in a cardigan with a cross around her neck appeared behind her. “Sweetie, what are you doing home from work so early?” Amelia Novak asked.
“Hey, hot stuff,” Dean murmured on the other end. “I know the rule is, don’t call until three days after the first date but...I been thinkin’ about you all day.”
She pulled out another, with a bunch of graphic stickers from heavy death metal bands Castiel had never heard of. “This one says, ‘my middle class white Episcopalian parents asked me not to get a nose ring; they just don’t
The intercom inside the liquor store let out a soft, electronic
“A-are you sure?” Sam said desperately. “Don’t you feel any different at all?”
“I don’t know. You know we stop watching after families after the children grow up. According to his family’s guardian, Anna, Dean and his brother Sam didn’t exactly have a happy childhood. Their mother died in a fire when the boys were very young and their father fell into a deep depression after she was gone. Dean basically had to raise Sam all on his own. Suffice it to say he grew up a little disillusioned with life. He finds Christmas to be a particularly hard time of year.”
Charlie looked up at him, eyes tearing up. “Castiel...” she said, the conviction in her voice gut-wrenching to Castiel’s ears. “I’m so sorry.”
“It’s not dumb to me, if you wrote it,” Cas said, smiling.
After checking a helpful office guide on the map, he found his way to the office of the head of Media Studies. He tentatively wrapped on the door.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas sighed into his mouth and kissed him again.
“Because we have work for you to do.”
Castiel looked down. “Well I left my coat downstairs.”
“Yes, Dean. Research.”
Dean could see what the ladies (and several of the fellas) saw in him. “Who do you think I learned it from,
“Yeah, well...” Dean shoved his hands in the pockets of his grease stained jeans. “I don’t wanna.”
“First time we met, I got mad cuz...I thought you were staring at these.”
Dean smiled slightly. “Well, your R-rated vocabulary still needs a tune-up.”
“Mentor?”
Castiel gazed into those greener than green eyes that he normally didn’t have permission to study so in depth. “You’re so open like this. So...at peace,” he said wonderingly.
Cas sighed.
stuff?”
Castiel roared. “This is my apartment! Castiel Novak, apartment 2S, 401 Lazarus Boulevard!”
real,” he mumbled, terrified.
Dean cleared his throat, sitting down at the table. “You, uh...you make all this? Not that I’m trashing your skills in the kitchen, Cas, but...”
Dean leaned in close and whispered, “
“Like who, Terry? The pawn shop guy? I doubt if he could’ve had his heart’s desire he still would’ve been working in that dump. Though I guess it coulda been already used before he got his hands on it...” Dean shrugged. “I dunno. Even if it ain’t my fault, s’just my dumb luck. Ain’t no use cryin’ about it.”
Suddenly Castiel’s vision began to swim, and he gripped the mop handle for support.
”Hey, you totally could, with enough practice and...” Suddenly, Dean’s face fell. “...and time,” he finished quietly. “Jesus Christ, I’m sorry, Cas, me and my big dumb mouth...”
“I...I noticed it was tattooed on your arm,” Cas said, daring to let his index finger touch the delicately inked words on Dean’s forearm. “Does it...have special significance to you?”
“He knew you were coming,” Becky explained, moving to let him in.
“Dammit, Cas, I don’t care! Gimme a chance to save
He’d learned after a lifetime of disappointment and heartache not to get his hopes up. This whole thing with Flirty Cas was just a footnote in the long, cruel, cosmic joke that was their lives. One day they’d laugh about Cas’s antics and Dean could go back to burying his feelings.
Dean laughed, some of the tension going away. “So fuckin’ hard for you, Cas,” he whispered, running his hands down his own chest. Oof, maybe he should start joining Sam on his morning runs. He was starting to get what the kids were calling a ‘dad bod.’”
where to touch him to drive him wild. “You winged dicks can eat it.”
Gabriel nodded firmly, tickling the baby under the chin. Despite his sadness, the baby’s giggle brought a smile to his lips. “I’m sure.”
“My Irish aunt Lillian swore up and down that the reason I was deaf was because of a banshee. People believe different things.”
Dean obediently took some long breaths in and out.
“But he said I’m going to die.”
hard to resist. Dean was so tempted to strip his clothes off and follow his friend inside.
Castiel found himself smiling at that, and felt reassured. “Okay. I want this. I want you, Dean.”
with him, alive.
Cool air brushed against his face as he stood up and carefully strode through the wreckage to peer down below. He spotted a small construction crew beside the excavator, gathered on the ground two stories below. “Hey!” Castiel yelled, cupping his hands around his mouth. “
me,” Dean growled. “I’m not your property.”
“I put my baby inside...then we put the cover over him-”
at him,
He thought he heard an angel scream his name.
Castiel was taking a walk through Lebanon to pick up ice cream to celebrate Jack and Claire’s safe return home. The sun was shining and Cas was feeling happier than he ever had in his whole life.
“Why?” Jack said, looking at Dean.
“So you’re basically an orphan. Okay, that narrows it down. Did your aunt make you do an extensive amount of chores when you were a kid? Or try to keep you from social gatherings?”
he didn’t laugh like that...right?
“I...I wanna live,” Castiel answered, defeated.
Oh, Castiel was
Dean blinked at him. “Yeah, that’s not gonna happen.” He turned and sat back down at his computer.
Castiel turned around to see a girl in her early twenties with long blonde hair and thick black eyeliner standing behind him, her nametag reading “CLAIRE”. “I can help you pick one out, if you want,” Claire said, gesturing to the guitars.
Dean shrugged noncommittally. “Sure. At least I’ll have someone to complain to about the vegan chili, since Eileen always takes your side.”
“I...can’t tell if he’s joking or not, he’s pretty much deadpan all the time,” Dean said.
Dean tried to convey with his eyes, but Cas’s toe merely inched higher, brushing past his knee and-
“Thank you. It’s quite cold, though not as cold as where I come from,” Castiel said, stepping inside.
Castiel nodded. He’d have one more day then. One more day with Dean.
.” Dean firmly shut the door in Sam’s face and sighed heavily.
Cas smiled, cuddling Dean closer. “Yes, I think I see your point. Isn’t it ironic.”
“Do you have any secret desires or ambitions?”
This was
“My office is all yours,” Dean said. “Everything’s set up. But fair warning, I’m still not paying up.”
Castiel shook his head. “You were just trying to help. You’re worried your brother’s heart will be broken again. I promise you, I will treat Dean’s heart as if it were a snowglobe.”
“Don’t know what would happen to me if I did,” Castiel said, offering a weak smile. “I might disappear altogether.”
“Huh?”
“I apologize for invading your space.”
Charlie muted the program she was watching on the TV in her office. “Damn, dude, you don’t have to tell me what you did last night, you’re practically glowing! Well, congratulations. I’m happy for you. Guess you’ve successfully cheated death.” Charlie looked at a legal pad on her desk. “Guess I can throw this out.”
“Dude, if it was just for a night or two I’d say yes, but my apartment is a one bathroom closet. My roomie Dorothy sleeps in the bedroom and I sleep on the pullout couch in the living room. The salary for a community college media studies professor doesn’t exactly buy the life of Riley.”
“What?” Castiel said suddenly. “My own...end? What does that mean?”
Dean stared straight into those tear-filled blue eyes. “Castiel...
ugh fine when I get my next paycheck
Castiel blinked, tilting his head to the side slightly. “No, Gabriel, when I’m grown up, I’m going to be a guardian angel and watch over the human families.”
Contrary to popular belief, Dean wasn’t a total idiot. He knew full well there was more to his and the angel’s bond than friendship. Granted, he’d believed up until this moment that those notions were solely on his end, but neither of them had ever had the courage to make the first move, so for years they’d played this melancholy little game of emotional chicken. Now Cas had thrown all his cards on the table, folded the game, called Dean’s bluff, whatever poker metaphor was fitting for this particular scenario. Stakes were high, aces were wild, and Dean was all in.
. “And your gravelly voice.”
Cas kissed Dean again, Dean moaning happily against him. He wrapped his arms around the angel, putting his hand on the underside of Cas’s thigh to coax him to put his leg across Dean’s lap. Cas’s tongue insistently pressed against Dean’s lips, and Dean was glad to open up for him. He slipped his hand under Cas’s trenchcoat, seeking out that angel body heat when-
would separate them now. Gabriel had always had a soft spot for children. “He needs to be cared for, not sitting in some cold, heartless orphanage on Christmas thinking no one in the world cares for him. I’ll raise him here, Ms. C, and when he’s grown up, if he wants, he can go back to the human world.”
“You do know that’s illegal, right? You could go to prison for a long time for tax evasion.”
“Oh, you gotta be fucking
Dean coughed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Yeah,
burger with me. You’re still my ride or die, right, Cas?” Dean honest to Chuck
Then Castiel was pulling him forward with a hand to the back of his own neck, and Dean found himself kissing his own mouth. He could taste his own cinnamon-flavored toothpaste and a faint hint of the finger of bourbon he’d tossed back earlier. It made his head spin.
“And your dumbass briefcase.”
of it had been absorbed by Cas’s skin. “Does it have to be wet?” Dean asked, getting a pair of scissors and snipping off a small piece of Cas’s hair.
Finally the angel slid his fingers out of Dean’s hole. “I daresay that was the hardest you’ve ever come in your life,” Castiel murmured, soothingly stroking Dean’s back. “Do you understand now, my love? You’re mine, aren’t you.” It wasn’t a question.
“I want you too...you have no idea how much,” Cas whispered, starting to push inside. “Oh...Dean...”
Dean stared breathlessly at the brick wall where the chasm had disappeared. The room was deathly quiet.
She lead him over to the acoustic section. Castiel looked at the different colors and designs. “Which one should I go with?” he asked.
After they cleaned up and turned out the lights, Dean took Cas by the hand and coaxed him back to the bed. “Stay,” he said softly, as if it was even a question.
Dean studied the table with a cocked eyebrow. “You only set four places. What about Sam and Mom?”
“Fuck, ‘m gonna come, Cas,” Dean sobbed, dick hard enough to pound nails inside Cas—inside himself.
Winchester had apparently ditched his soiled shirt in the other room and had come in clutching a clean tee shirt in hand. Castiel stared, flabbergasted, at the man’s sizable biceps. He was in fantastic shape, but not so much so that he looked like he tried hard at it. His strong-looking arms were covered in tattoos, which Castiel had never found particularly attractive before, but on Winchester they simply added to his appeal. Castiel imagined them wrapping around his waist as the perfect man before him smirked at him and whispered huskily in his ear-
Sam was staring at the pearl in frustration. “Dammit! I was so sure...”
“Ew,” said Castiel, looking perturbed.
They showered together, had coffee and eggs and toast.
But finally Dean had to pull away for air.
“Babe, you don’t need to worry about me,” Dean said, gently silencing Cas by putting his finger on his lips. “Yeah, Michael’s got an all access pass to my backstage—okay, didn’t mean for that to sound sexual, my bad—but I fought him before. I’m stronger than I seem.”
“Umm...can you remember if it had any specific scents? Anything floral or fruity maybe?”
There was a pause on the phone. “You sound...upset. Everything okay?” Dean asked.
“C-can I?” He asked, reaching out for his own cock. “Lemme...I wanna suck you, Cas,” he admitted, blushing deeply. He wanted to suck his own dick. Just to be able to say he had done it.
Charlie stared at him from the lecture podium with a bemused expression. “I guess class is dismissed.”
Forty five minutes later, Charlie had come over and fixed Castiel the world’s biggest ice cream sundae with the works. Castiel took two bites of Cookie Dough Fudge Batter Twist and said he couldn’t eat anymore.
But ever since then he’d been wondering, what it could be, what his “true happiness”, what his heart’s desire could even look like.
Cas exhaled ruefully, head falling to the side as he stared into Dean’s eyes.
Tears were streaming down Cas’s cheeks, moved by the words that had so poignantly spelled out his own death. He pressed the pages to his heart, letting the prose sink in. Then he turned to look at Dean, stared at his freckles, his long eyelashes, his slightly crooked nose that had been broken several times whilst getting into fistfights for various reasons throughout his life, his firm full lips, and smiled. He brought his hand to Dean’s cheek, waking the man immediately, then tenderly pressed their lips together in a slow, lingering kiss.
“Well, he doesn’t deserve nice things,” Castiel huffed. “Let’s go and talk to this son of a bitch.”
It was the day of Castiel’s placement. He sat awkwardly on a stool (the North Pole had almost no chairs to accommodate everyone’s wings). Raphael, the one in charge of angel assignments, stared him down from her desk. “Castiel, recite the Angel Code,” she commanded.
Dean’s face fell. “Okay. Yeah. I’m bummed. But what did I expect? When has anything ever gone right in my life? Except you, of course.” Dean patted Cas’s leg and smiled sadly. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”
“Okay.” Winchester let him go, still keeping a hand on his shoulder, squeezing affectionately. “You want some water or something?”
“See?” Cas said as the door shut behind the witch. “I
Claire thought for a moment. “Other than like, for the world to stop being so shitty? I guess like, some books or some video games. Or maybe some vinyls. I don’t really care.”
“Well, you’ll stay with us. There’s a pair of twin beds upstairs in the loft for guests; Dean sleeps in one, you can take the other.”
“And the baby?” Charlie asked softly.
“We buried him beside his mother.”
Dean coughed out a nervous laugh, even though the pretty words made him feel even more aroused. “Bet you say that to all the boys,” he joked.
Later, Charlie sat in her car, hungrily reading the revised ending of the newly renamed
After they broke apart, Dean asked, his voice still deep and rough from sleep: “Is it done?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Castiel sighed. “Something about my watch...‘little did Castiel know, that act of rebellion something, something-’”
Suddenly the sound of a door opening and chattering voices from the other room caught Cas’s attention. “Sounds like Mom and the kids are back from their hunt,” Sam said.
Sam blinked. “You’re gonna...shake it?”
Charlie opened the door to her office and looked at him. “Well, judging by your face, I’m guessing it’s bad news.”
And suddenly, as Castiel was looping his shoelace around the other, it all fell into place.
For the next half they lay there on the couch, chatting and making out, till the timer on Dean’s phone went off. Then they had homemade lasagna and it was delicious. And after that, Dean dragged Cas upstairs to his cozy loft, pressing him up against the wall and kissing him breathless again.
“Oh no, I shouldn’t-”
The next morning, Cas was waiting in the kitchen when Sam came in, sweaty and breathing hard from his run. “Hey, Cas,” he said, grabbing a water bottle from the fridge. “You look like you’re thinking about something.”
“Sure. I can get everything together by then, I’ll set you up in my office.” The mechanic put out his hand to shake. “Truce?”
” Dean finished for him.
-! Please...”
Jack made it sound like it was the most exciting thing to happen since...whatever kids got excited about these days. Fortnite, maybe? Dean didn’t know.
“Whatever,” Winchester grumbled, pulling the hem of his shirt down, hiding that beautiful abdomen from Castiel’s view. Castiel felt a longing whimper form a lump in his throat. “Did you want something or did you just come to gawk?”
. Oh God, and the
“Purified siren’s blood?”
And like that, Dean felt something release inside him, like air being let out of a tire. “Yes,” he murmured, his body going lax, allowing Castiel to push his finger inside him.
Dean slowly lapped over his own head like he knew he liked, teasing his slit, and he heard Cas moan above him. Dean smirked inwardly.
appreciates my sense of humor. I’ve never exactly been known as the class clown.”
“More like YOU agreed.” Sam followed him down the corridor, his long Sasquatch legs easily keeping pace with his brother’s shorter stride. “C’mon, Dean, I’m your brother. You think I haven’t figured out how you feel about Cas? I feel like the Harry to your guys’s Ron and Hermione half the time.”
The Empty laughed. “Oh, you pitiful fool. You thought I came to take you with me? I said I would only do that when you felt a moment of real,
“But...but how?!” Chuck exclaimed. “You’re just a character in my book!”
Inias looked them over. “This one’s a mechanic with his own independently owned shop...and this one is an investment banker...” Inias looked at the very thick file on the banker, then the ridiculously thin file by comparison on the mechanic. He sighed and handed over the easier case to Castiel. “I think you should take this one,” he said kindly.
After “Black Betty”, the band launched into “Faithfully” by Journey. Dean began to sway with Cas in his arms to the slower, steadier song. “Glad you asked me to come here with you,” Dean murmured. “Wanna spend as much time with you as I can.”
Once Sam was done laughing his ass off at their dilemma, he found the Hedialli Sphere in the Men of Letters records. Apparently it pulled a Freaky Friday on any two individuals who touched it at the same time.
not my
and no consequences to boot. You could live out the rest of your pathetic existence perfectly content, and no one else would be none the wiser. Deanie Boy would never know you tricked him into loving you back. But if you try to weasel out of our deal on a technicality, Castiel, if you deny me the pleasure of destroying you...” The Empty took a step forward and snarled in his face. “Then the terms of our agreement are void, and the boy is forfeit. Good luck trying to save him from me like he saved you.”
Dean kissed him, slowly and sweetly. “You are fucking beautiful,” he said.
Don’t stop!”
“Please, Dean, I...I just
“I visit his grave once a week, Castiel!” Chuck exclaimed. “Everyday I think about who he would be, what he would be up to if he had lived! That’s why I started the damn book!”
“Don’t you have any...friends?” Charlie said hesitantly.
Cas scolded gently, bringing Dean’s right hand up to cup his left cheek.
You’re more trouble than you’re worth. The deal’s off. I’ll get you eventually, and then, oh, the
“-has come to me about a certain...
“But he didn’t
Dean’s lips crashed into Cas’s and the angel kissed the hunter back desperately, hands clinging to the front of Dean’s shirt, damp with dishwater. Dean’s lips were salty with the taste of their mingling tears. Cas drew out the kiss as long as he could, knowing it would be their last.
“Excuse me. Can I help you?” said a voice behind him. Castiel sniffled hard and turned around to see a very tall man with longish brown hair in winter jogging clothes standing in the driveway a few feet away.
“I’ve taken a couple sick days.”
Dean bit his lip as Castiel pulled his asscheeks apart and started expertly eating him out. This was
Cas still continued to kiss him as he experimented with direction and pressure. Dean liked it gentle but not
Dean watched hungrily as Castiel peeled away the shirt to reveal a fairly well toned chest. He then kicked off his shoes and socks, undid his belt, and let his pants and underwear drop to the floor.
“Look at how beautifully your flesh responds to my touch, Dean,” Castiel sighed, running his hand over Dean’s red ass and massaging the tender area, making Dean unwillingly moan. “Your body knows who is its master, even though your stubborn soul resists me. That’s alright. I do enjoy a challenge.”
“No potion,” Sam reported. “Guess we’re gonna have to figure this out through process of elimination.”
“Right...” Raphael said, blinking slowly. “Well,
It was the most miserable day of Castiel’s life. And it was about to get much, much worse.
The overwhelming smell of oil hit Castiel’s nostrils as soon as he let himself into the modest garage space. He’d never really understood cars or their appeal. For one thing, he didn’t really think they were worth all the damage they were doing to the atmosphere; another...automobiles scared Castiel. Just thought of getting behind the wheel of one made his hands shake, almost dropping his briefcase on the ground.
Castiel swallowed. “Number one: treat every day like Christmas. Number two: everyone deserves to be saved. And number three...” He faltered, trying to remember.
The people around Castiel moved forward as the “DON’T WALK” sign changed to “WALK”, but Castiel paid them no mind as he looked to the heavens, desperate for an answer.
Cas rested his head against Dean’s shoulder, eyes closed and smiling widely. This was perfect. Absolutely, totally perfect.
But upon laying eyes on the mechanic, he froze.
Dean claimed that he made the world’s best burgers, and Cas decided he agreed with him, sinking his teeth into his second. “These make me very happy...would you ever consider quitting the garage and becoming a chef?” he sighed, making Dean laugh.
“However, it’s very late,” Jimmy said, standing and taking everyone’s mugs. “Castiel, I insist you stay the night. And we’ll see about getting you a Greyhound ticket to Kansas tomorrow morning.”
Cas said tentatively.
“You...think I’m beautiful?” Dean repeated, following him out of the library.
And rang it again.
“Well, I think Claire and Jack were there...”
are propelling the narrator’s voiceover! You’re controlling the story, not him!”
with pleasure.”
, bootlicker? How about all the fat cats in Washington taking honest taxpayer dollars and slipping them into their own fur-lined pockets? Or to fund organizations that are working to take away rights from women, people of color, the disabled, and people in the LGBT community? Do you know how much all of Trump’s little trips to Mar-a-fucking-Lago in the last four years cost blue collar guys like me?”
tie that some well-meaning coworker who was unfamiliar with his habits had gifted him at the office Christmas party three years ago for the Secret Santa exchange, and Castiel hadn’t had the heart to throw it away. As he tightened his half-Windsor knot in the mirror, he congratulated himself on his act of sartorial rebellion.
“I don’t exactly
idea, Gabe. He doesn’t even have wings. He’ll never fit in here.”
“Whose fault is that,” Dean teased gently, sighing as Cas’s questing fingers caressed him. He was trying to find Dean’s clit—he was pretty sure that was the magic key that would make Dean come. “Kiss me,” Dean gently demanded and Cas was more than happy to oblige as he continued to stroke. When Dean gasped into his mouth, Cas guessed he’d done something right.
Cas blinked miserably and read the line.
“Hey, I don’t care if you’ve had zero partners or a million. I just wanna be with you,” Dean said soothingly, pulling him close and tenderly kissing him. “I think you’re really special, Cas.”
“Your friend here called the garage, told me I should meet you guys here.” Dean nodded to Charlie.
“You kissed him back?” Sam said with all the smugness of an annoying little brother.
Sam shared a knowing smile with Castiel once the elder Winchester was out of earshot. “He likes you.”
It’s real! My dads kissed!!!
“I will. I will!” Cas started for the door, but something made him stop. A voice on the TV. Castiel turned around slowly, his blood running cold. The TV was on some daytime talk show, and the host was interviewing a thin, reedy looking man in a tweed blazer. “Who...who is that? On TV?”
know about a gay nightclub in Miami?” he asked with a smirk.
sweetly as she let herself out.
“Then why?”
“If you’ll excuse me for another sec, I gotta go see a man about a dog,” said Dean, getting up and poking his brother playfully as he left.
“Well...he’s been right about things. The other day someone asked me the solution to a math problem, I gave the wrong answer—which I’ve never done before—and the voice corrected me. And...the other day, I met this...” Castiel sighed, stomach going in knots just thinking of Dean Winchester. “This absolutely beautiful man. The most stunning individual I’ve ever seen. I rarely feel attraction to people, but
Santa hummed thoughtfully, then turned again and left.
“Of that I have no doubt,” Castiel muttered, making Dean laugh again.
“It’s upside down,” said Claire.
“Cas, how do you feel?” Sam said, turning to the angel.
“Oh, let me heal that for you,” said Cas, taking Dean’s hand. He gently kissed Dean’s palm and the minute cut glowed and closed itself, the blood disappearing.
“Our first morning as husbands.” Cas smiled, eyes crinkling at the corners.
There was room for two at Hotel Dean, right? The last time he’d offered himself up as a meat suit to an angel, it hadn’t exactly ended well. But Cas wasn’t like Michael. He wouldn’t hijack Dean’s body, lock him inside his own mind. Cas was his best friend. Cas...Cas
“Actually, sirens bleed violet in their natural form.”
of us are dying here.”
Castiel turned to Charlie. “Is Carver Edlund this guy’s
name?” he growled. “Or is it a pseudonym?”
And Dean, to his own surprise, parted his lips so the angel could slip his thumb inside his mouth. Dean found himself sucking on it. What the hell was the angel doing to him?!
, it was titled.
Castiel’s eyes flew open in horror. “What?! But how is that possible?”
Dean said. “Bobby and Sam know I’ve been seeing someone new and they know I’m...pretty serious about him.” Dean grinned. “So they’ve been nagging me about when they get to meet you. And by the way, when I say ‘family’, I’m including my friends in that too. They’re all super curious about this amazing guy I’m seeing.”
And he definitely didn’t think about Dean.
Castiel perked up, smiling brightly.
“Fuck, Cas, I want that too. But I didn’t want to be a creep about it, you know.”
Dean whipped out his gun and fired a round in the thing’s chest, but he might as well have been blowing spitballs because it just kept coming.
“Huh? Uh, hold up, I’ll be right with ya,” a rich tenor echoed from underneath the car. The legs bent as their owner wiggled out from underneath the car. Castiel was greeted with the sight of two absurdly green eyes peering out at him amidst a face covered in black. “This muffler’s got one helluva leak,” the mechanic remarked as he got his feet. He reached across the hood of the car and clicked off the radio, the garage falling blessedly quiet. “‘Scuse me, lemme clean myself up a bit.”
“Yeah...” Castiel took a deep breath. “I’m okay. I’m okay.”
Dean wasn’t a total idiot...but he wasn’t very smart either.
he exclaimed in shock.
Dean’s stomach did a flip. He clearly wasn’t dealing with a run of the mill demon here. If bullets and blades couldn’t kill this thing, what could?
.” Winchester smirked.
“What is it?” Cas asked, peering over his shoulder at the ledger’s messy scrawl.
. Cas didn’t think he could stand this much longer. “Dean, please let me come,” Castiel begged.
”I don’t want things to be awkward,” Cas said, not looking at him.
They walked along the sidewalk to the bus stop and Cas was struck with how beautiful the day was. But the sky and the grass and trees paled in comparison to Dean in the sunlight, his green eyes alight and the honey blonde highlights in his hair gleaming and the faint spray of freckles on his nose and cheeks popping out. “First day back from vacation,” Dean commented, squeezing Cas’s hand. “Bummer.”
Dean groaned. “Yayyyy...books.”
story you’re in. Which hero you are.”
“But you came back to me,” Dean continued, cupping his face. “Just like you did when Jack saved you from the Empty. Our little miracle kid.”
Dean laughed gently. “I got a strap-on, Cas. Trust me, I’ll make you feel good.”
Cas,” he sighed, resting his forehead against his. “It’s gettin’ pretty late. I’m gonna turn in.” Dean’s smile turned mischievous. “You wanna join me?”
Dean walked Cas to the bus stop to catch his bus downtown to the office. As it turned out, Dean needed to pick up a part from a supplier in the same area and he wanted to ride with Castiel rather than drive his car.
Suddenly the wall behind Dean erupted into a well of black goo, waiting to take Cas away. Dean’s head whipped back around to look at the angel, mind racing, desperate to come up with a plan where they both walked out of here alive. He figured he only had seconds.
“No, no,” Dean said urgently. “Ben and I are gonna stay with Cas.”
“Yeah, whatever, Dean. How are you handling everything?” Sam asked.
Cas smiled. “Papa?”
she’s
“What are they saying?” Dean asked.
He hadn’t expected the overwhelming dread he felt as soon as he saw the envelope. He hadn’t been so personally upset and irritated by a piece of mail since the unnecessarily huge bill from Dean’s hospital stay when he’d ruptured his appendix. He was still glaring at the envelope when he got inside and didn’t notice the curious looks he was getting from his husband until it was too late. Dean, being Dean, came up behind him and immediately snatched the envelope out of his hand.
Cas frowned. “Then what did you mean?”
“Ben’s a baby, Dean. You can’t let his actions determine how
“There’s your Papa,” Dean said as he passed Ben over to Cas.
“Yeah, well, tough,” Cas replied. “It’s okay to need help, Dean.”
“He’s only allowed two dogs in his apartment,” Cas explained. “He said we only have to keep the puppy until we can find him a new home. Just a couple of weeks.”
“You asked me what?” Dean asked.
Cas flashed a smile at him as he took Ben into his bedroom.
Dean typed out multiple answers and deleted them, before finally settling on an acceptable answer.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Don’t let it get to your head.”
“Well, I’m guessing boring is off the table for a while,” Dean said. “I just hope you realize that you’ve signed up for being woken up in the middle of the night and having your work meetings interrupted by a crying baby in the background.”
“I take it back, you did perfectly,” Dean replied.
“I won’t,” Dean said.
“What am I doing wrong, Cas?” Dean asked. “Why does he hate me?”
Ben babbled incomprehensibly, and Dean tried again, “Say bye bye, Ben.”
“I talked to her friend,” Dean said. “She had Ben in May. I did the math. The timing lines up. She sent me pictures.”
Cas’s dog.
“But she was so… young,” Dean said weakly.
be a great father.”
Eventually, she managed to push out, “Dean... you need to come get Ben.”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “I think you’re an infuriatingly maddening person who refuses to let people in due to constantly carrying a massive amount of unnecessary guilt and an insecurity complex the size of the Chrysler building.”
“You want to be in a relationship with me?” Cas asked.
“You got a
Cas glared at him. “
Dean watched as the boy toddled around, occasionally using the playpen to drag himself briefly into a standing position before falling back over. He babbled nonsensically, and Dean couldn’t help but smile.
you here. I’d be a mess right now if you were anywhere else.”
“Benny? I only went out with him a couple times,” Dean said.
“Oh, I’ll tell you what I think of you,” Cas sat, sitting up straight. “But don’t fucking interrupt me.”
“Well… he’s going to turn one in May, apparently,” Dean said.
Cas sighed. “That’s...I shouldn’t have said that, Dean. I didn’t mean…”
“Yes, well...you know Sam’s friend Kevin?”
“Come… get Ben?” Dean asked.
“Baba agoogoo,” Ben said.
“Yeah,” Dean said.
“And you’re just telling me about this
“I don’t know what I’m going to do, Cas,” Dean continued. “I could ask Bobby for help, but he’s not financially stable at the best of times. With the salvage yard shut down… I don’t know what to do. And like fucking Hell would I ever ask
“St. Michael’s Academy, huh?” Dean asked with a small smirk. “I guess it’s your turn for your ten year reunion.”
Cas smiled at him and Dean was unable to resist pressing a short kiss to his lips. As he left, he could hear Gabe teasing Cas and he smiled. By the time Ben was freshly cleaned and changed into a ‘Storm Pooper’ onesie, Cas was off the phone with his siblings.
?” Cas asked incredulously.
“With you, yes,
Dean started walking towards the baby, but was stopped by Angelina saying, “Wait.”
Before Dean could leave the room, Cas walked up to him and gathered him in a hug. Dean melted into the embrace, letting Cas hold him and soothingly pet his back. Dean tucked his head into Cas’s shoulder and let another few tears drop down. Reluctantly, after several seconds, he pulled away, not wanting to make Cas uncomfortable or abuse his generosity. He gave Cas’s arm a firm squeeze and walked over to his bedroom. This really wasn’t the way he’d always imagined getting into Cas’s bed, but after lying down on an actual bed for the first time in over a week, he wasn’t about to complain.
,” Cas growled, pulling up a new browser page and going to the Google homepage. “Not exactly a common name, is it?”
“Rowena, you’re here,” said Sam, striding into the kitchen.
“Narrators almost never interact with their characters. It’s the law of diegesis. Unless we were talking about some kind of meta fiction, which so far doesn’t seem to be the case. So, you know you’re gonna die, but not when or how.” Dr. Bradbury sighed. “Dramatic irony. It’ll fuck you every time. And you said you don’t know the narrator’s voice?”
His stomach plummeted as he realized what he had to do.
way. I am
It wasn’t like Cas never talked dirty to him, but when it was coming out of
“Because mentally he’s a three year old and there’s probably going to be
“The last thing I
. As her eyes scanned over the last page, she smiled.
“Don’t do this, Cas.”
Finally, Dean begged in a broken voice,  “T-too...much,” causing Cas to gasp and pull his hand away. Dean slumped against the bed, panting. “Holy...
Dean found that not only had Cas whipped up a pile of bacon and a pot of coffee, but also a huge stack of chocolate chip pancakes. Dean’s mouth was practically watering. “I’m gonna need a bigger mouth,” he mumbled.
“Because of the stalkers?”
your father.”
Castiel smiled. “I passed up on the chance to eat with you once. I won’t make that mistake again.”
Then he slid his tongue over the shaft, licking over that vein on the underside, and listened to Cas’s breath quicken. He reached between his legs to cup his own sack and-
“Yes, yes, I see it, how very...literary,” Cas said, realization suddenly dawning on him.
“Impossible. You’re currently impervious to everything apart from angel blades.”
Dean pulled him close as Cas rubbed him to completion, kissing him fervently and running his hands through his hair. Soon he was crying out and his spine was arching in that way that was now familiar to Cas. As Dean twitched through the aftershocks, Cas watched, bewitched by the look of sheer pleasure on his lover’s face, his ears drinking in the soft gasps of his name on Dean’s lips.
“But when Jack exploded inside you, it roused all the angels and demons you’ve swallowed, hasn’t it?” Cas said. “Right now it’s chaos inside you. But all those spirits are weak, confused. It’s possible you can send them back to sleep. But I’ve regained all my power and then some. I won’t be so easy to subdue this time. If you swallow me, I will organize all those spirits against you so that you’ll never know peace or quiet again. And that along with the Winchesters trying to penetrate you from the outside to rescue me, that’s a lot of lost sleep for you. So ask yourself...do you
“Is it time? Can we go now?” Dean said impatiently. He was just itching to open up a can of whoopass.
Sam cleared his throat, got out his phone, and pressed the screen. Suddenly, Cas’s voice came out of the tiny speaker:
“Okay, then we need to figure out
But as his vision cleared, he realized he was staring into a fluorescent light, embedded in a polystyrene tiled ceiling. He blinked. He was breathing.
as well.
Cas nodded with resolution, smiling sadly. “Yes. It’s done.” They both knew what his words meant.
“What are you writing about?”
before!”
Dean bobbed his head up and down, giving Cas a devilish look. Cas thought he was going combust. Dean’s clever tongue swirled up and down the underside of his shaft, then he shamelessly suckled the tip, making Castiel actually
Dean was only vaguely aware of Sam and Jack beside them, lost to the sensation of Cas’s lips on his. The kiss was probably only a few seconds, but it was like a small eternity for Dean. His entire body was buzzing when Cas let him go.
“Nah. It was less sticky and more like...lube.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck bashfully.
from the government, Mr. Winchester.”
Fucking Chuck. Not only was he cutting his life short, he was ruining what little time he had left.
He’d wished for
mixed in honey?
I KNEW THEY WERE GAY I CALLED IT
“I...I learned it for you,” Castiel sighed, staring at his lap. “Go ahead and laugh.”
“No, no,” Castiel said, laughing nervously. “I...I’m your soulmate.”
do. But rather than crush the boy’s hopes, he merely smiled and said, “Well in the meantime...my boss let me bring this home for you. Maybe he can keep you company when I’m at the workshop.” Gabriel held out a little wooden soldier doll, dressed like one of the Queen’s Guard.
When considering the age old question (
“It’s alright, Castiel,” said Hannah kindly. “So what if you’re slow at making toys? It’s not
“I’d be happy to, if Dean’s alright with it?” Castiel risked a look at his soulmate.
of us are safe again.”
of Castiel’s bedside alarm stirred the dark-haired man from his sleep. He reached over and pressed the off button, then sat up, swinging his legs over his bed to slide his feet into his slippers. This was Castiel’s routine, every weekday morning, without variance in the slightest. Everything went like clockwork.
Well, Castiel felt like an ass. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean, uh, that women can’t be professors! Just...I was confused by your age. You look so young to teach college.”
professor. My class is a blowoff for most of these chucklefucks anyway. Okay, my man, sit down. Let’s talk. Let’s determine
Sam cleared his throat and looked over a large compendium of potions, elixirs, and brews open in front of him. “Okay, what about Essence of Venus? Described as ‘translucent, white with pink overtones-’”
, duh.”
you,” he choked out, staring at the gloomy concrete floor. “I’ve loved you for as long as I can freaking
Raphael hummed flatly, looking over her checklist. “Well...I see only one possible job for you, Castiel.”
Chuck broke down, starting to sob. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry...if I’d had any idea-”
eyes like that, Castiel thought.
Dean blushed hard at that, and his dick pulsed.
Castiel was absolutely exhausted from sitting up all night, so Dean practically carried him to his bed and cuddled him while Cas got some sleep. A few hours later, Cas awoke to no Dean beside him, but the smell of delicious pancakes was wafting upstairs from the kitchen.
“I...”
Cas swallowed hard, hands balling into fists.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, doofus, I’m
The door pounded threateningly, but Cas only had eyes for Dean, his greener than green eyes filling up with realization, dread, despair.
“You’re...exactly what I...pictured...” Chuck slumped to the floor. Apparently fainting ran in the family.
Castiel eased Dean open with careful, teasing fingers, edging his sweet spot but never rubbing quite where Dean wanted him to. Dean whined, trying to grind back on the three digits buried to the knuckle inside. “Please,” he groaned.
by another person, Dean.”
“Cause I was kinda wonderin’...what is it like to
Cas stepped forward, gripping Dean’s shoulder, like he had all those years ago in Hell, and smiled. “Don’t worry, beloved,” he whispered. “
Sam,” Jack said patiently.
“Yes, yes, Castiel, I’m a slut, I want your cock in my mouth, fuck my face,
Dean rolled his eyes, but gestured to the bed that was still made up and didn’t have dirty clothes scattered around it. Dean cleared his throat, going over to his own bed and shoving the clothes out of sight. “Sorry, don’t typically get guests,” he said sardonically.
If Cas were human, he would’ve fainted. Instead he dropped his plate on the floor in shock, pickles, onions, and little shards of ceramic scattering around his feet.
“I...I wish you’d call me Castiel,” the auditor said in a small voice that sounded pathetic even to his own ears.
“He just...shut the door.”
“That’s become grossly obvious,” Castiel said, slapping his hand against his thigh in frustration. “I told you, Charlie...I’m in a tragedy.”
” Castiel screeched, running over to her desk.
It was like Castiel was watching everything happen in slow motion. Dean was getting up, brushing himself off, unaware of the danger right behind him.
“You’ll what?” Castiel was towering over him, removing his trenchcoat. He tossed it aside and began loosening the blue tie around his neck. “As you can see, I have all the power here. You would do well to remember that.”
snaked Dean’s hand into his pajama pants and wrapped it around his cock, squeezing gently. Dean bucked into the touch. “Oh, fuck, Cas,” he groaned.
Castiel was known as the Calculator by his coworkers. Everyday at least one person would stop him on his way to his cubicle or the break room and ask him to solve a complex arithmetic problem in his head, trying to stump him, and not once did anyone ever succeed.
Dean’s eyes filled with tears.
“Grocery store a coupla blocks over,” Sam answered absently. “Said he didn’t trust me not to bring home my ‘hippie freegan vegan crap.’”
“Didn’t peg you for the musical type,” Dean commented.
, these eyes. Wanna stare right into ‘em while we fuck. You’re so damn
Dean blushed. “Cas...”
“No way, the Sherlock Holmes guy?! Lemme see!” In his excitement, Dean bumped the angel, knocking Cas’s shoulder into the bookcase. The hunter’s ears were alerted to the sound of glass rattling against wood just before a small bottle toppled from the tippy top shelf and crashed down on Cas’s head, shards of glass and pearlescent ooze trailing down his face and shoulders. A surprised Cas cried out and dropped to his knees, hands flying to his face to instinctively wipe the mystery goo from his eyes.
As Dean nodded off, he could almost feel a warm body pressed against his back, cradling him as he slipped into unconsciousness, and somehow Dean knew he’d have no more bad dreams tonight.
“So if you don’t know this guy, why do you have reason to believe him when he says you’re going to die?”
“You should put that in your book,” Castiel said.
“I’m sorry, but I’m not,” Chuck said. “That baby couldn’t possibly be you. For one thing, my son would only be 15 now, and you’re, what, 30? I stopped writing 15 years ago because I was too depressed after my wife and son died. I only got the inspiration for
“What? He is! He thinks he was raised by angels.
Cas’s cock was hard enough to pound nails at this point and the gentle friction of Dean’s stomach muscles rubbing against him was nearly enough. “Dean, touch me, please,” Cas begged.
“My mother died giving birth to me and my father abandoned me with my aunt when I was a baby, so no.”
”I think she meant the one in Miami,” Dean snickered. “How the hell does some old broad from Kansas know about a gay nightclub in Miami?”
“Is it any worse or better than traditional chili?” Sam asked casually, deciding to just go along with what his wife said and drop it.
Suddenly Castiel’s stomach plummeted in realization. What was he doing to Dean? He was going to
Castiel blinked. “Ten seconds ago you thought I was a nutcase.”
“Yes, Dean. You’re beginning to realize who really has the power here.”
“I’m just learning. I only know one song,” Castiel said, blushing.
for you people or something.” He smiled teasingly.
“...suddenly I felt more powerful than ever. Your love made my grace grow back again, Dean.” Cas touched Dean’s cheek. “You’re a miracle.”
Cas looked down to see it was untied. “Oh, thanks.” He propped his foot on the bench to tie his shoe. Dean stood on the edge of the curb, hands in his back pockets, idly whistling a Def Leppard song.
To which Sam nodded slowly.
Castiel then stepped away, and Dean’s flesh screamed for him to come back. He jerked against his bonds, breath hitching. “Relax, my little human,” said Castiel with a knowing smile as he started to unbutton his white shirt. “Just making myself a bit more
The sky was as blue as Castiel’s eyes, Dean said when they woke up.
“Well, what would you like for Christmas?”
ALEX YOU OWE ME 20 BUCKS
“Six weeks!” Castiel squawked. “That’s an insane amount of time!”
“It really isn’t that big of a-”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Sit. Eat.”
“How far did you get?”
Dean blushed once again. “What’re you trying to say?”
Cas was in his right mind.”
Sam rolled his eyes and walked away. Jack was staring at his phone and smiling. “I think you two make a lovely couple,” he said. “You should date for real.”
A second later, Castiel fell over with a loud
yet. That time with the librarian girl and her zombie boyfriend didn’t really count.
He still couldn’t say it. Not out loud, anyway. But he didn’t need to. Cas was in his head. He could hear everything Dean thought and felt.
news! Do you know what this means?”
“And the bad news?” Sam prompted. “Cas isn’t gonna die or grow a bunch of boils or something, is he?”
“Dean,
Castiel spit into the sink. “Excuse me! I can hear you narrating everything I’m doing!” he called. “If this is someone’s idea of a joke, it’s not amusing!”
the lucky one here,” Dean replied warmly. “Now...you ready? Me and Charlie are right here with you.”
“Great, so you’re a possessive creep
“Thank you,” Castiel replied, correcting his watch.
“Who, Dean? I’m his brother Sam, by the way.”
“Yeah? You sure?” Dean chuckled.
In all the hundreds of years of angels serving humanity on Christmas, no human being has ever set foot in Santa’s workshop. Until, that is, about 30 or so years ago. And that’s where our story really begins...
“Nah, I stole it from someone.” Dean stuck his head briefly out of the kitchen to give Castiel a sarcastic look. “Kid brought her car in, needed some serious work. She didn’t have the money to pay me, so she offered me the guitar as a trade. Said it belonged to her cheating ex-boyfriend, didn’t want it anyway. I didn’t have the heart to tell her I don’t play. Just took it, serviced the car for free.” Dean emerged from the kitchen. “Probably super outta tune.”
“He’ll be fine. He’s going to go on dangerous hunts at some point in his life, it might as well be now. Besides, he’s got me to look out for him,” Cas said confidently.
The four of them laughed and joked and shared stories around the table as they ate. Dean threw his head back in laughter as Claire described Jack flying through the window on their recent hunt. Jack animatedly described the werewolf and the sensation of crashing through the glass, his eyes sparkling with excitement. Claire teased Jack about a spot of marinara sauce on his nose. Dean rested his hand on Cas’s knee under the table and squeezed affectionately.
“I couldn’t leave him alone, Ms. C,” Gabriel said, gazing down into the child’s merry blue eyes. The baby gurgled in delight and reached up its pudgy arms toward him, and Gabriel’s heart warmed at the sight. “His parents are gone, he’s all alone in this world.”
far-fetched that you and Cas could have some kind of relationship?”
“You are so fucking sexy when you’re fighting for me, babe,” Dean said, pulling Cas into another passionate kiss.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Just whip out the mark, man.”
were the narrator’s words? When he said you were going to die.”
had he imagined...
“I’m sor-I mean...I’ll just go in there then.” Blushing even more profusely now, Castiel awkwardly stepped into the bathroom.
” he sang as he began to strum. “
it when people shortened his name or tried to give him cutesy monikers.
Cas smiled, and then the two of them disappeared to join the others.
“Just looking for your...ah.” Castiel pulled Dean’s trusty pocket knife from his back pocket. “I hope you’re not overly fond of this shirt...”
Cas was immediately paralyzed. This couldn’t really be happening, could it?
Gabriel frowned. “Yes, well, Castiel, there’s something you should know about Dean...he’s on the naughty list.”
“Do you need help?” said a voice behind him.
“I...” Suddenly Castiel remembered his original purpose for being there. He cleared his throat. “Mr. Winchester, I’m Castiel Novak, I’m from the IRS-”
“What?” The woman said, bewildered. She clearly didn’t want to be bothered.
His cheekbones and the bridge of his nose were lightly smattered with a burst of tiny brown freckles, like there were constellations on his face. And if his face wasn’t pretty enough, he had to go and be
Dean’s fingers lightly tickled his jaw and down his throat. Dean’s eyes fluttered closed.
“You know, the Obi-Wan to your Luke Skywalker, the Morpheus to your Neo, the Princess Celestia to your Twilight Sparkle.”
“But...my wife’s health wasn’t very good. She’d always been sort of sickly, frail. The doctors warned us that bringing a baby to term could be deadly but we wanted to try...we should’ve listened.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “No, Dean, I’m not gross.” He pulled something out of his back pocket. “I also have my toothbrush.”
begging for it,” Cas groaned in both arousal and exasperation. “Dean,
ambition. Some secret wish? Like a bucket list item, maybe?”
Winchester sighed, nodding. “I get it, man. Gotta pay the landlord. Hey, from one working class grunt to another, I’ll make it as easy on you as possible, okay? Lucky for you, I keep excellent records.”
The idea of Cas stuffing Dean’s dildo up his ass drove Dean over the edge, and he yelped as he came into his hand, his toes curling and his back arching. He had to turn on his side and shout into his pillow since Sam was, after all, only a few doors down. Cas continued to stroke him through the aftershocks, extending Dean’s pleasure and leaving him shivering.
,” Dean begged.
Dean pressed his lips against Cas’s desperately, cupping his jaw. Cas laughed faintly into the kiss, just so glad to be
“Are you sure he wouldn’t mind sharing with me?”
Dean didn’t seem to have a good response to that, so he merely rolled his eyes and said, “Bitch.”
“Goodbye, Dean,” the angel croaked.
“Dean pushed me,” Cas added, much to Dean’s chagrin.
“At...” Castiel hesitated. Gabriel had advised him not to tell humans the truth about his origins, but this was his new family now, right? He could trust them. “The North Pole,” he finished confidently.
, Castiel. Time to make your life worth something. Climb Everest, write a novel, watch every episode of Classic
Cas hiccupped. “Yes,” he said softly. “That’s the first
” Cas cried as he came, deep down Dean’s throat. Dean groaned around him, swallowing every last drop. He worked him until Cas was shivering and pulling Dean off. “That was...oh my God,” Cas panted.
“With the utmost care.”
. You make me happy.”
Unfortunately, this story starts out sad. See, there was one fateful December night when there was a horrible car accident. The newly proud parents of identical twin baby boys were out for a drive when their car slipped and skid on the icy road. They died so fast, the angel who’d been assigned to their family didn’t even have time to save them. So those twin boys went to an orphanage.
“I...uh...I came to see the man who lives here, but...he didn’t really want to talk,” said Castiel softly.
“Here,” said Becky, coming forward with a legal pad, full of unintelligible scribbles. She handed them to Charlie, who scrutinized them. As she read down the page, her eyes changed from hard and focused, to wide and somber. “Oh,” she said softly.
“Now, Castiel...a concerned coworker of yours—I won’t name names-”
Dean loved Cas to death, but he was not looking forward to spending the next 24 hours in his short, dorky little body. Then he saw that familiar “
Dean harrumphed good-naturedly. “Touché.”
Castiel turned to see Dean climbing out of a vintage Chevy Impala parked by the curb. “Dean?” Cas said breathlessly. “Wha-...how did you know I’d be here? What are you even doing here?”
“Dean’s acting like Cas,” Jack observed. “Did he get hit with the love potion too?”
Dean’s fingers stroked over the side of his neck, as if Cas was kissing him there.
“Then you know what you have to do. Undo this wish. Or I come for the boy. And hell, I might just take you too, as interest. Don’t keep me waiting.”
“Castiel...Lizzo?” Amelia raised an eyebrow.
Dean genuinely laughed at that. Being a part of his brain had definitely improved the angel’s sense of humor. He remembered some of the times Dean would make a joke or a reference and Cas would just stare in confusion.
Amelia had disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Castiel alone with the sullen teenager. Castiel looked at her and said, “So...what did you ask Santa for?”
Cas lubed up his fingers, then coaxed Dean to turn over on his hands and knees. Dean had a gorgeous ass. Cas pressed a kiss to each cheek before pulling them apart and massaging Dean’s hole. Then he slowly slid one inside past that tight ring of muscle up to the knuckle and curled his finger.
a part of her plan.
Castiel was dressing a lot more relaxed these days. Tonight he was wearing a nice, light blue button up under a dark blue cardigan, with tan colored chinos. “I’m on stay-cation,” Castiel explained.
laughed. “
Dean whimpered slightly as Castiel removed his thumb. Suddenly the angel crawled onto the bed, hovering over his body. Dean’s breath hitched. He felt a hand slip underneath his back and slide down... “Hey!” he yelped. “Watch the merchandise!”
Early the next morning, Castiel and Dean showered together, admittedly groping each other more than actually getting clean, and Dean made delicious scrambled eggs and perfectly crispy bacon for breakfast. Then Castiel kissed Dean goodbye in front of the garage before Dean had to open up shop, and caught the bus downtown to the college.
“Hello?” Castiel said aloud, pausing his brushing. He squinted suspiciously, looking around his bathroom as if expecting to see another person in there with him.
Dean choked. “Y-you can’t do that!”
Tears rolled down Castiel’s cheeks. “I love you too, Dean,” he choked, barely keeping it together. “I-in nearly fourteen billion years of existence...I’ve never loved anyone else.
what it was like from Cas’s point of view when Dean went down on him?
get to get out of research?!” Dean whined.
Sunday was spent moping in his apartment. Monday he had an appointment with his friendly neighborhood media geek.
“Dean, it’s hardly the worst the car has been through. Can you even count how many times you’ve rebuilt it?” Cas said.
“I miss you,” Dean said. “Is that weird to say? ‘Cause you’re with me all the time, in my head. But I still miss you. Miss your dorky hair and your sexy voice and the way you used to tilt your head and squint your eyes at me.”
...” And suddenly Castiel felt strong arms wrapping around him, as Winchester gave him a warm, gentle embrace. “Sorry, I know I shoulda asked first, but you looked like you seriously needed a hug,” the mechanic murmured in his ear.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Yeah, but first we should-”
And as they settled under the covers, in each other’s arms, Cas’s head pillowed on Dean’s chest, Cas felt overwhelmingly happy. Because he knew Dean Winchester had fallen in love with him.
Castiel tightened his jaw, and rang the doorbell one. More. Time.
“So Cas must’ve got hit with a love potion,” Jack said.
Sucking him through the aftershocks and finally pulling off, Castiel stood up, his own hard dick—Dean’s own hard dick—close to his face.
“I told you, I’m not buying what you’re selling, now hands
“...who? Was narrating?” Inias said, a note of concern in his voice.
“Who’s my soulmate?” Castiel said.
Cas couldn’t respond, couldn’t even move. All he wanted to do was sink into Dean until the world faded around them and he forgot all of this, like it was just a bad dream...wait. He looked up at Dean, this unbelievably perfect man who from the moment he’d met him, seemed too good to be true. “Are you...did he make you too?” Cas whispered. “Did he make you up just to fall in love with me?”
Cas just smiled resolutely. “Because it is.”
Sam took it gingerly. “This might work. I’ll put this on a slide and call Rowena in the morning. For now we humans might as well get to bed. It’s been a long night.”
Dean pursed his lips shyly and nodded. “I do...I love you, Cas. I love you so goddamn much-”
Castiel smiled gratefully. “Okay. Um...would it be possible to come back on Saturday?”
,” Cas uttered, his voice breaking, hopeless.
He nodded wordlessly, and Dean grinned. “
“Good. Catch your breath. I’m not finished with you yet.”
hadn’t come and Cas was determined to fix that. He forced his eyes open. “How may I please you,” he entreated quietly.
“And is this narrator...you?”
“I’ll take the compliment regardless.” Cas suddenly kissed him on the cheek before opening the door to the communal bathroom. “My offer still stands on the shower,” he said with a sly grin before disappearing inside.
Samandriel said, his voice muffled underneath the solid human weight.
”, he looked to see Dean’s reaction...and found that the mechanic was crying. “Oh my gosh, Dean, I’m sorry! Did I do something wrong?” Cas said, setting the guitar aside.
Luckily, Sam had said, since the sphere was now broken, the effects would reverse themselves naturally...in 24 hours.
“You can’t even taste the difference, Dean!”
Dean cupped the back of his neck with his unoccupied hand. “Come for me, sweetheart,” he growled.
made them lame. He doesn’t write cutesy gay love stories about tax accountants!”
“I came as quickly as I could. When I heard the great Castiel was under a love spell, I had to see the effects for myself.”
“Never felt this way about anyone,” Dean murmured against Cas’s lips. “Thought I did, once or twice...but that was nothing compared to this.”
Dean softly punched his shoulder. “You’re alright, you know. Sorry I didn’t give you a fair shake before. I just...I guess I just wanted to hate you. ‘Cause of your job and the way you stared at me...course
Babe back me up!!!!!!
Cas just smiled and shook his head forgivingly. “You know...I like when you call me that,” he said gently.
Castiel screamed at the sky, scarcely registering the passersby staring at him. He cursed the heavens in futility.
And that was how Castiel found himself at the guitar store three days later. After moving in his few, essential belongings he’d rescued from his demolished apartment into Inias’s place, after his coworker had gracefully agreed to let Castiel stay (Inias said he felt bad for Castiel being put on forced vacation), Castiel had thought long and hard on what Charlie had said, about making the most of the time he had left. Knowing at least one song on the guitar would actually make him feel like he’d accomplished something in his life, something that mattered to him.
Charlie nodded. “You’re damn right they do. You, uh...you wouldn’t consider writing a story where a plucky lesbian media studies professor accidentally gets sent back to medieval times, becomes a knight, and seduces a fairy princess, would you? Just...asking for a friend.”
As Sam and Jack’s backs were turned, suddenly Dean felt a warm hand slide down his back and then grab his ass. He just barely stifled an affronted gasp as he jumped away from Cas, who looked like the cat that ate the canary. The angel’s blue eyes bore into him hungrily, and Dean felt like a blushing maiden, suddenly wanting to hide himself from Cas’s penetrating gaze. He felt as if he was naked as a jaybird even though he was fully dressed. Then Sam hopped down and Cas molded his face into a neutral expression.
“Who’s Eileen?” Castiel asked, looking at Sam.
Dean could tell that Cas was teasing him, but that he was also being completely serious. “No, no, it’s okay. Self hatred’s kinda...hard to get over, ya know.”
Chuck...oh my g-...we’ll be right there.” Dean hung up and looked at Cas. “Chuck wiped out everyone on Earth. I mean
“I guess not,” Dean said, shrugging. “All I know was the stuff inside it was clear and white-purple and shiny. And goopy, like shampoo.”
Castiel looked down to see what Dean was gesturing to. He realized, now that he was looking closer, that there were two faint pink scars settled beneath his pectoral muscles. “You wouldn’t be the first person who’s stared at me like I’m some freak of nature,” Dean growled. “I ain’t ashamed of my body, I’m proud of who I am. Still, don’t need people gawking at me like I’m in the damn zoo.”
“Dean!” hollered Sam. “Get down here and talk to your soulmate!”
“Dean, I’m sorry,” Cas whispered.
“Really, it’s way too much for one guy. Besides...” Dean nudged Castiel’s knee with his. “Kinda like havin’ you around.”
They reappeared somewhere in a field, several miles from Lebanon and the bunker, and Cas loosened his grip on Dean, though not letting him go entirely. Dean looked around in confusion. “What? How did-...did you
Rowena smirked at Dean. “Isn’t this fun?”
“Oh, let’s not use words like
charm?
“Lucky for me my brother is a hotshot Harvard graduated associate at a big law firm downtown. He was here earlier, maybe you saw him. Big guy, hippie hair?”
“Well, how are we supposed to know if your story is a tragedy or a comedy?” Charlie replied. “If your story is a tragedy, there’s not much hope for you: tragedies always end with the hero’s death. Or in Oedipus’s case, incest and eye gouging.”
Dean and Cas mowed through the nest like a hot knife through butter, no holds barred and not so much as a whiff of apprehension or fear between them. Sam and Jack got a few licks in, but they might as well have been cheerleaders on the sidelines. It was clear Dean and Cas were the forces to be reckoned with here.
“Cas!”
“I thought 1000 candles might be excessive, so I just put one. For your first millennium.” The angel chuckled. “I’d say ‘make a wish’, but-”
“Well, we know you’re not a fan fiction character.”  Charlie sighed and ripped off the page, crumpling it and tossing it in the wastebin. She then unmuted the TV. “Doesn’t matter. You’re free, Castiel. Enjoy your long, happy life.”
Castiel sighed and waited patiently as the grease monkey disappeared into his office. He looked around at the vintage car and rock band posters tacked to the walls. Someone was
Cas blushed. “I apol-”
“Carver Edlund...born Charles...Shurley,” she faltered.
“I like to hear you tell it,” Cas said.
So here they were, with Dean-in-Cas’s-body sitting on the edge of his memory foam mattress with Cas-in-Dean’s-body kneeling on the floor in front of him, mouth stuffed with cock. Man, Dean just knew he was gonna feel that when he got back in his own body, the stiffness in his thighs, the ache in his knees. But right now he could give a shit less, and was concentrating on not blowing his wad right then and there as he thought to himself:
“That’s perfect! Castiel, so many comedies start with a meet-ugly between the lovers! Okay, go see this guy tomorrow, report back to me on Monday, and tell me how it went.” Charlie pushed Castiel out the door, handing him his trenchcoat. “And try not to die!” she hollered before shutting the door in his face.
Cas couldn’t bring himself to be upset, however. If he had to die...it was a good death. It was the way he would choose to go, if he had had a say.
Sam’s polite cough brought Dean back to reality. “Dean? Going to bed or you planning on camping out here beside the bathroom?”
But then Dean did something the angel
for the rest of the day? And nothing on Sunday?”
Okay Claire I did. They’re very confused.
“There’s a particular flavor to this though,” said Castiel, sipping thoughtfully. “Is it...mint?”
to save him. Now if you’ll excuse me...” The Empty smoothed down its suit jacket. “I’ve other business to attend to.”
how he was embarrassing himself in front of the first person he’d been attracted to in ages. He began to wonder if he was a failure in life, if there was something he should be doing instead besides bureaucratic grunt work for the rest of his life. Maybe he was letting what precious time he had in this life pass him by-
..Hey, kid, watch where you’re going next time!” Dean yelled angrily up the street.
Castiel frowned at Charlie. “Is there a point to this?”
Cas pulled off and looked up at Dean. “Do you see it?” he asked huskily, and Dean shuddered at the sound of his own rough voice. There was something about this whole thing that was so
“You don’t have to-”
“What about you, Mr. Bigshot Lawyer? Don’t you have...I dunno, cases to go over or somethin’?”
Oh, hey there. Let me guess, you’re here to hear the story. Well, alright then, grab a plate of Christmas cookies and a glass of milk, ‘cause this is gonna take a while.
you’re the hero. You’re ticking all the classic Hero Archetype boxes: you’re the one confronting the conflict, you’re the one the narrator is paying attention to, and you sought out me, which clearly makes me the Mentor of the story.”
Dean kissed him gently, pressing their foreheads together. “Yes, baby. I’m 100% completely in love with you. What we have is
, you two are so sweet, it’s nauseating,” the Empty said, rolling its eyes.
“It’s this shirt! You must’ve gotten potion on it!”
misleading, in Castiel’s defense.
After lunch, Castiel was putting away his finished paperwork in the file room. P for Pemberly. D for Dawson. L for-
“Don’t quote Disney to me, you mega dork,” Dean said, laughing through his tears as he cupped Cas’s face and firmly kissed him again.
Cas threw his head back as he slammed inside Dean, gasping as he came hard. Dean’s muscles squeezed him and it felt divine. As he thrust minutely into Dean, chasing that high as he slowly came back down, he was aware that he was covered in a thin layer of sweat, beading at his temples and forehead, a tuft of his now damp dark hair hanging over his eyes. He brushed it back and carefully pulled out of Dean. “Allow me,” he said, gently pulling Dean’s hand away from his cunt so he could finish the job himself.
cock. Cas’s cock.
“If I’d been dominating and possessive and made you sexually submit to me when we first met face to face? Yes, I’d say things certainly would’ve been different.”
Silver white vapor—Cas’s grace—flowed from the angel’s lips and into Dean’s...almost like an indirect kiss. Then Dean leapt out of the way as the life in those blue eyes faded. Two black tendrils shot past Dean as the Empty grabbed Billie, then Cas’s former vessel, engulfed them, and then disappeared.
“Forget about Dean. Don’t think about him anymore.”
Dean sneezed as a puff of dust tickled his nose. “I dunno, man, I don’t think anyone’s touched anything in here in a long time,” he sighed, looking over his shoulder to see if Cas had had any luck.
Cas blinked in confusion, then he inhaled softly in realization. “Dean,
Santa nodded slowly. “Alright then.” She turned away, her long red coat swirling around her ankles. “Oh by the way,” she asked, turning to look back over her shoulder. “What’s the little tyke’s name?”
Dean stayed upstairs and sulked until dinner. Eileen came home from work and was delighted when she found that Castiel was fluent at sign language. This led to Castiel guilelessly revealing that he was fluent in nine different languages, including ASL, much to Sam and Eileen’s shock.
Dean, Sam, and Eileen stared at him blankly. Eileen turned to Sam, bewildered, and signed,
He must’ve changed his story. He wrote a way around my death,” he gasped.
“Yeah. Potion’s mojo wore off as soon as I took off the shirt. Don’t worry, I made sure to throw it in the washing machine, on the heavy cycle.”
Dean cried out as Castiel’s fingers started massaging over his prostate mercilessly. “OhfuckohfuckohCassssss-”
to get you cured,
“Dean!” Sam admonished.
Dean playfully flicked some soap suds at Cas and suddenly it was all out war. Cas splashed Dean with the dishwater and Dean smushed foam in Cas’s face. They were left breathless and giggling, arms wrapped around each other. Dean lovingly brushed a bubbly strand of hair out of Cas’s eyes. “We made a mess,” he murmured.
“Um, well-”
This...was living. Castiel Novak was finally living his life.
” Suddenly Dean squeezed down hard on Cas’s hand and he writhed with pleasure. Cas didn’t let up, even when Dean’s thighs threatened to crush his hand so hard he thought the bones would break. It was like Dean was in a whole other universe, crying and moaning as his whole body convulsed, his face twisted with anguished pleasure. Cas was transfixed. Watching Dean Winchester orgasm was like seeing the birth of the universe itself.
“That’s crazy, you have to stay,” Sam insisted. “Dean’s just a grouch, he just needs to warm up to you. At least stay for dinner. I’m making vegan chili.”
“And I brought you a gift.” Castiel held out a brand new toolbox with a red bow on the handle. “To replace the one tripped over. It’s even blue, since you seem to be partial to that color.”
Dean turned an even brighter shade of red and Sam whipped around.
Once he came to, Castiel ran right home, close to tears. He burst right through the door of his and Gabriel’s igloo and exclaimed,
want to take me?”
, alright.
crushing Samandriel underneath him.
Castiel chuckled, bending down to kiss the top of Dean’s scalp. “However, I do expect something in return. Would you like to suck my cock, Dean? I’m not asking, you
“You honestly can’t tell the difference between real meat and Beyond Beef, Dean,” Sam said.
The cartoon of Ariel from
Dean grunted, typing aggressively, then growling and punching the backspace button.
“That’s it, baby, fuck me,” Dean sighed, reaching down between his legs to rub his clit. Cas could feel that Dean was soaking wet again. “You’re amazing.”
long). He took a spoon and pulled the candle out. He considered it for a moment. “I guess...one little millennium is just a drop in the bucket compared to eternity.” Dean knew Cas thought the world of him, but the fact was that he was one single human, and this was an
As it came closer, Dean could see that the thing had taken the form of a handsome man with dark hair, blue eyes, and a slight five o’clock shadow. It came to a halt a mere two feet in front of him, its blue eyes analyzing him, as if it could see into Dean’s very soul. It raised goosebumps on the back of Dean’s neck.
Dean Winchester was the most beautiful human being Castiel had ever laid eyes on. Before him stood a man with gorgeously chiseled features, shortly cropped dark blonde hair that was slightly mussed from being hard at work, and those green eyes. How was it even possible for a real life human being to
“This is just the beginning, Dean. The beginning of our new life together.”
Dean didn’t mind. It comforted him, the idea that something so good as Cas was indelibly a part of him now. Maybe it would make the rest of his rotten soul actually worth something.
Dean thought deliriously.
Suddenly Dean seemed...apprehensive. “Uh, no, that’s alright. I, uh...I’d rather wait for the main event if you don’t mind.”
Cas laughed, blushing.
What Castiel had not understood on that Thursday six weeks ago, the Thursday he’d first met Dean Winchester, the Thursday that his watch had suddenly stopped working, the Thursday that had started it all...was that when he reset his watch...it had been off by three minutes.
It was impossible, but somehow, Dean’s love for him had caused his grace to return.
“Of course, dude. I’m your mentor, I’m not just gonna abandon you before a fight! Although, I am gonna use your little girl’s room before we go because I’m lowkey lactose intolerant and all this ice cream is not gonna be kind to my insides.”
The next thing he knew, his knees were buckled and strong muscled arms were holding Castiel up. “Whoa, buddy, stay with me,” Dean’s voice rumbled in his ear.
I know you were staring at me ‘cause you think I’m
Suddenly it clicked in Cas’s mind. “Michael...Dean could finally be free of him.”
. “No, I...I like it when we do the...lovey dovey stuff. But I thought this would be like...ironic.”
“That’s all of them,” Sam panted, collapsing against a column.
“He said he named you after his son,” Charlie said, shrugging.
Are you sure?”
Christmas angels get to where they are for being very methodical and organized. It’s a whole system. An angel gets assigned to watch over a family, keep track of the children’s niceness and naughtiness, then when December rolls around they collect the kids’ wish lists and bring them to the North Pole where the data is entered into a computer that keeps track of everything, so everything’s ready to go on Christmas Eve. Meanwhile another squad of angels is in charge of making the toys, working all year round to fill those orders. Making toys is fun and all for an angel, but the real glory is in getting to be a guardian. It’s what every angel dreams of.
often looked at him...oh no...
Suddenly Dean found himself on his knees on the mattress, face down and hands still tied to the headboard. More angel mojo. Great. “Still haven’t learned your lesson, hmm?” tsked Castiel. “I told you you’d realize who was in charge here before we left this room. I tried positive reinforcement, but perhaps you’ll respond better to punishment.”
to be strong. But I still care about you. Am I not allowed that?”
“This was fun,” Dean said as he dried a plate Cas had just handed him. “Dunno why we don’t do more family dinners like that.”
The angel already took up so much of Dean’s heart, he might as damn well take up residence officially.
“Come now, Castiel, how many Marshalls have you finished?”
The next day was Sunday, the Sunday before Cas was officially supposed to return to work. He found that he really didn’t want to. What had once been his entire life was now the bane of his existence. He’d had a taste of what life could really be about, about playing your guitar (however badly) and going to rock concerts with your incredible boyfriend and walking up in his arms the next morning and eating pancakes together. He wanted more of that.
The barn doors flew open and sparks rained from the ceiling lamps as a figure in a long coat slowly crossed the threshold.
“I’ll call Dave and Harley, they’re closer to the nest than we are anyway. Now let’s hit the books.”
“Oh. That guy? That’s Carver Edlund,” said Charlie absently, looking through her students’ essays.
If this was one of his last memories...he’d happily carry this to the grave.
kiss.
“No, my last class just ended. Are you crying? Are you okay? Did you find your dad? What did he say-?”
“Oh come ON!” Castiel shouted.
“Yeah.” Dean squeezed Cas’s shoulder. “Stop Chuck. Save the world. And then...you and me are going on a long vacation,
Cas covered his mouth. “Oh Dean, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know.”
Joshua was an older man, definitely “Summer of Love” stock given his penchant for long, colorful, hippie clothes and dreamcatchers. For an HR consultant, he was unnervingly unconventional. He was the type who very obviously wanted you to think of him as a father figure, and given Castiel’s complicated feelings about his own father, who’d disappeared when Castiel was basically a newborn and left him in the hands of his emotionally distant Aunt Amara, he was loathe to report to Joshua’s office to submit himself to his patronizing counsel.
“What do you wanna do?” Dean asked, crooking his finger for Cas to get over here.
Cas squeezed his hands together, settled on the table in front of him. “Sam? If the pearl...had worked. And you’d been the one to wish on it...what do you think you would have wished for?”
in the ten years he’d been making toys had he filled his quota. From his very first day he’d been playing catch up. “No, ma’am,” he said softly.
...you could learn guitar, like you said you’ve always wanted to! Do you want to spend your last days on this bitch of an earth fearing your impending demise, or do you want to enjoy what time you have left?”
that happens, you can offer your services to the workshop.” She stamped Castiel’s form with a big rubber stamp and tore it off, handing it to him. “Report to Michael. Dismissed.”
Cas smiled, knowing Dean was kidding about that last threat...mostly. “I don’t deserve you,” he sighed, resting his forehead against Dean’s.
you. I thought you were a stuck up dick with a stick up his ass. But now here we are, all...married and shit. It’s...it’s crazy, isn’t it? How far we’ve come.”
“My husband...doesn’t have a twin brother,” Amelia said, looking him up and down, unable to deny Castiel’s exact resemblance to her husband.
Dean slowly smiled. “I don’t deserve you,” he mumbled, leaning forward and pressing his lips to Cas’s for the second time.
Dean sighed, shrugging. “That’s all I got. I’m stuck. And my deadline is in less than two weeks. Luckily it’s a kids’ picture book so it’ll be short, but I really thought I’d have something by now.”
Dean was wide-eyed by the end of his mad tale. “I believe you,” he finally said. “And this is why you gave me the brush off, huh. You didn’t want to hurt me.”
. FYI, I got tested a month ago, and I’m clean. I haven’t slept with anyone since then.”
Cas stared down at the top of Dean’s ash blonde head in bewilderment. Husband? Cas looked at Sam to see if he was at all concerned about Dean’s strange behavior, but Sam was nonchalantly eating his meat-free burger, watching Dean clean up.
“I’m just...gonna go now,” Castiel mumbled, grabbing his briefcase and scurrying out before he could make even more of an idiot of himself.
And Castiel was patient. He took Gabriel’s advice and waited and waited and waited, until finally one day he was ready to begin his angel career.
“Well, play me something.”
“I’m fine. Really, I don’t see the point in making a big fuss.”
Dean took his hands. “You feelin’ okay? You look...I dunno, like you’re about to cry.”
There was suddenly a tremendous clatter as Castiel tripped and fell backward over a large red toolbox. Winchester rushed over to help him up, wincing.
to be up on its numbers. We
Dean opened his mouth, then glared at Sam.
“No, she didn’t drink any vamp blood, luckily. I got the silver stakes.”
He took off his stupid red tie and tossed it in the trash on his way out.
...and then something about ‘the path of fate to my own end.’”
“It was Becky,” Chuck explained, sitting on the arm of his chair. “She talked me down from the literary ledge. I actually listened to her—and it turns out she had some really valuable input. She’s a good writer...even if she just writes fan fiction.”
“Angels don’t have to worry about the cold. And as for me, Gabriel kept me warm with his grace until I was of a certain age, then he kept me dressed in thermal clothing. I suppose I built up a certain tolerance to the cold, growing up in the arctic. But Santa’s facilities are also very well insulated.”
“He sounds perfect,” Castiel sighed.
Dean huffed nervously. “Uh...go on then.”
Cas watched him go longingly, swallowing the huge pit that formed in his throat. Then he reached into the pocket of his trenchcoat, which he’d taken off to do the dishes and folded over a stool, and pulled out the pearl.
Lol good for them!!!!
Castiel shook his head. “Really, I can’t.”
“Oh. Yeah. Guess that’s true,” Dean sighed. They hadn’t really given Jack
”Yeah. I usually hate it when people try to give me nicknames. You have no idea how many times people have called me ‘Cassie.’” Cas made a face. “But I don’t mind when you do it.”
Cas smiled. “I love how protective you are of me. I mean it’s adorable since I’m 100 times more powerful than you, but still...it’s very sweet.”
Cas quickly turned the phone screen off. “How did you know I’d be here?” he asked, his tone guarded.
ready,” Dean said softly. “‘Cause I’m not planning on lettin’ you go anytime soon. You better live a long and happy life with me or I’ll kick
“Kay. Better not keep me waiting.” Dean smirked as he left the room.
Dean laughed. “That’s one of my favorites. It’s about Charlie, my illustrator buddy. She LARPs in her spare time. She was fucking
“And...what is the voice saying?”
care for a human baby at the same time.”
Castiel knew his singing voice left much to be desired, but he hoped his playing was decent enough to make up for it, or at least distract from it. Dean sat beside him, reverently silent. Finally, as Cas had finished the last “
Saturday morning came and Castiel absolutely refused to count brushstrokes. He did, however, decide to forgo the usual blue tie, just to shake things up. Instead, he wore a
“-Sam, what the hell are you dragging me in here for, my burgers are burnin’,” Dean grunted.
So Dean possibly had a boyfriend. Another point for tragedy.
to these potions?” Sam said pointedly.
“Excuse me!” The two men pulled apart to see a pucker-faced librarian in a brown knit cardigan who looked to be about 3 zillion years old standing over them, hands on her hips. “This is a library, not Purgatory! I’m going to have to ask you to leave!”
“Good,” said Dean with a smile. “‘Cause if it’s alright by you, I’d like to bypass the condoms, at least this round.”
“Oh? And what about the next family you’re to watch over? You can’t do your duties
“What’s the name of my hometown? My favorite Zeppelin song? My favorite flavor of pie?”
“Yeah. You from Sandover Publishing? Look, I told those dicks on the phone I’d have the stupid book finished by New Year’s-”
“I’m not a tease. A tease would get you all worked up and then you leave you out to dry. I, on the other hand, fully intend to deliver.”
gotta be photoshopped
Tell them I said “welcome to the alphabet mafia”
“Dean.”
“Somehow...my writing my son’s story...brought you to life. I don’t know how. If I’d known I had that power, I’d have done it long ago, and written my wife’s story too.” Chuck sniffled. “Please forgive me.”
Charlie looked positively thrilled. “Castiel, this is
“Thank God,” Dean sighed.
“She’s never found them. She says she doesn’t care about marks, she loves me and that’s enough.”
Cas was tempted to just drift off to sleep, but Dean
Castiel stood up. “Where does this bastard live. And why is he trying to kill his own
into the thing’s chest.
“Cas,
“I’m Castiel Novak,” growled the auditor, face-to-face at last with his father and his executioner.
After briefly tonguing the tip, Dean slowly, painstakingly, took Cas down into his mouth, inch by inch. The wet heat of his mouth was almost too much to handle. Castiel was reduced to a whimpering mess beneath Dean, the mechanic’s strong, sure hands holding Cas’s hips down when they tried to buck upward into that heavenly heat.
“Dean, I don’t doubt that. You are
Cas and Dean abruptly pulled apart to see a familiar figure in a suit standing there several yards away staring at them impatiently.
“Thanks, man,” Dean replied as he forced himself to push away the urge to refuse the offer. “See you tomorrow, Cas.”
Dean shook his head, unsure of what to say.
“I meant this,” Dean said before rushing forward and planting his lips against Cas’s. At first, Cas didn’t respond, but then he started desperately kissing back. It felt
“Yeah, Cas, just lay it on me,” Dean said.
,” Cas said.
Dean shook his head with amusement at the ridiculousness of his husband, but truthfully, as he pet the dog with Cas’s eyes lovingly watching the both of them, he’d never felt more ready to start a family.
,” Dean said.
“You’re the one who made me finally acknowledge I’m bisexual,” Dean told him.
They spent the next hour loading up the truck, finally getting around to packing up the playpen while Angelina took Ben to give him a diaper change. When they came back out, the truck was packed, and they were ready. Dean held out his arms to take the baby, and Ben immediately shoved his face into Angelina’s shoulder to hide away. As Angelina handed Ben over, Ben said “mamaaaa” and Dean watched as Angelina lost her composure and her eyes started to tear up.
Angelina broke out into hysterical sobs, and Dean felt helpless. He sat there listening, unsure of what to say, what to do.
“If we’re not going to go, can we at least stalk the worst of them on Facebook and make fun of them?” Dean asked excitedly.
to help, Dean,” Cas assured him. “You’d do the same for me.”
“It makes the most sense, Dean,” Cas said. “I have two bedrooms. We can make my office be the bedroom for you and Ben.”
Cas nodded, taking the baby from Dean’s hands, and walked outside.
“And so Sam stepped in,” Dean interrupted with a sigh. “And why can’t
“Woah, okay, hey, Dean, it’s okay, I’m here,” Cas said as he rushed towards Dean and took Ben out of his arms.
Dean was in the middle of working on a car’s engine when he felt the phone in his back pocket start to vibrate. Glancing around a couple times to check that Bobby wasn’t watching, he took the phone out of his pocket and immediately furrowed his brow in confusion when he saw that it was Cas calling.
Dean hoped that was true, and arranged for a box of baked goods to be sent from Gabe’s bakery to Dorothy and Charlie’s house so that it’d be there when she got home. There was nothing he could do from a distance, but he’d be damned if he didn’t at least try.
“I’m not going,” Cas mumbled in response.
Cas hung up, and the anxiety crept back in.
Dean pouted. “You know, you could have confessed your love at any point, too.”
Dean forwarded the two pictures of Ben Angelina had sent to him.
“The bad news is-” Cas’s sentence was cut off by the sound of a dog barking, followed by the sounds of Cas shushing the dog. “Ah, yes,” Cas continued. “The bad news is that our son is a little bit more furry than I think you intended.”
“Fine, I’m just gonna… take a shower then,” Dean said. He drained the remaining coffee in his cup and placed the cup in the sink.
,” Dean interrupted.
God, he missed seeing Cas in person. He wanted to hug him. Social distancing was the absolute worst.
but he stopped himself when he saw Cas mouthing along to whatever poppy mess of a song they were listening to. He supposed that
Ignoring Cas’s response, he opened up the envelope and dramatically read out the invitation to his high school’s ten year reunion. In two months, his whole high school class would be meeting at some fancy hotel. They
“And everyone else?” Dean asked.
Things were getting dire. The shop was closed and he was laid off, supposedly temporarily, but who really knew. Who knew if the shop could even survive this much lost revenue. For the first time since he was a kid, he had no source of income. He didn’t have much hope of getting more either; it’s not like there was any place hiring people. He was supposed to just...stay at home.
“I want to help,” Cas assured him. “But you’re already a great father. Ben’s just a baby. He’ll figure out how awesome his father is soon enough.”
“Because of Ben?” Dean questioned.
“Yeah, and Gabriel’s been sending me deliveries from his bakery like every other day,” Cas said. “I have far too many baked goods for any man to eat on his own. I
in the right place to take care of a baby. He might be new, but he’s
“That makes me feel shitty too, Cas,” Dean said.
“He’s your son, Dean,” she replied angrily.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said.
“All the dinners you cook for me will be worth it,” Cas said. “Do you know how sick I am of ramen and hot pockets?”
“I lied, Cas,” Dean said.
Dean smiled back at Cas and ignored the excited fluttering in his chest. “You were right.”
. Dean made Cas promise to never tell anyone about this, but Cas just grinned mischievously. For some reason, Dean’s life was falling apart, but Cas looked happier than he’d seen him in years. Apparently, Cas’s happy place was in the middle of a pandemic, when he was going to have to give up his privacy for his annoying friend and his new son.
Worst of all, his son clearly hated him. He loved Cas way more; he’d often stop crying immediately as soon as Cas would pick him up. He hated when Dean would take him into the bedroom whenever Cas had to go on a work call in the main room. When Cas wasn’t working, Ben seemed enraptured by his mere presence. He’d crawl after Cas on the ground, trailing behind him and babbling incomprehensibly.
Dean smirked. “Sounds familiar.”
“Um, vaguely?”
He knew they were crossing some boundaries. Part of him wanted to ask what the cuddling really meant, but a larger, cowardly part of him just wanted to let it keep going for as long as possible. He wasn’t ready to be rejected yet.
remember the fantasies that made me unable to continue lying to myself about my attraction to men,” Dean said.
His stomach fell as he left the house to join Cas out in the truck. He had no idea how he was going to keep that promise.
kill you and make sure the body is never found,” Anna said.
As he began to walk into the house, the dog woke up and immediately ran towards him, his tail wagging with an excessive amount of excitement.
Dean could tell he was losing Cas’s attention to the puppy, but hearing Cas sound so excited and happy brought a smile to his face. He could sit and listen to Cas happily baby talking to the dog all day long, or he could have, if Bobby hadn’t come out of the office and yelled at him to get off the phone and get back to work.
“I said
quarantine stubble.
don’t interrupt me,” Cas continued. “You’re also the strongest, most caring, and best person I know. You were given a raw fucking deal in life - mom dead at the age of four, a neglectful asshole of a father who died before you turned twenty, crippling poverty - and you clawed your way out of it solely with your intelligence and determination. You found a stable career that you
After Cas got off work, he joined Dean and Ben in the playpen and pecked Dean on the lips.
“You’re not doing anything wrong, Dean,” Cas said.
“You can if you want, but they already know,” Cas said.
“He’s not complaining. He’s worried about you,” Sam replied. “And frankly, he deserves better. He’s sacrificed a lot to help you out here.”
Angelina shook her head. “I’m sorry. I’m
kale chips, though. Been munching on them all day,” Sam said.
“Cas says you’ve been struggling,” Sam said.
“I guess movie nights would be better in person too,” Dean said.
“Dean and I have some news,” Cas said with a huge grin.
“Lisa,” Dean said.
“Then why, exactly, are you afraid of proving them right?”
Ben crawled back to them and sat down in front of them. Dean wrinkled his nose as he smelled that Ben needed a diaper change. He exchanged a look with Cas, who nodded.
“You have a
sorry. I know this isn’t fair to you.”
“Too late,” Cas said. “Can you say it again? I want to record it this time.”
need anything. Help with food, or rent, or whatever. Jess and I are here for you.”
to Jersey with you,” Cas interrupted. “Don’t argue.”
“But then I still must be doing something wrong!” Dean said. “You learned how to do it right, so what am I doing wrong?”
On the bright side, the routine finally seemed to be settling in with Ben, who was finally sleeping through the night again. As Ben started to seem happier, Dean’s mood also improved. Ben’s improved routine also meant that Dean and Cas were able to spend more time together after Ben went to sleep, which led to Dean taking up his years long project of educating Cas on all the pop culture he’d missed by living in a weirdly religious household that didn’t even have a television for his entire childhood.
,” Dean replied.
“Yes, Dean, but why doesn’t she know about Ben yet? And why are you avoiding her?” Cas asked.
“Sam, stop, it’s not going to happen,” Dean said.
As they were finishing up their slices, Sam took the opening as a chance to grill Dean.
Dean gritted his teeth and interrupted to say, “
He got it. They were both quarantined and completely starved of other human contact. It made sense that Cas would start getting a bit more physical, and he wasn’t going to let his own unrequited attraction make things awkward or uncomfortable or do anything that might make Cas
? Why didn’t you ask me to move in before now?” Dean asked.
an idiot. How could he have ever allowed himself to think that Cas could want him back?
“Dean, come on, at least stay with me until the quarantine is over,” Cas said. “You need a place. You need some help. I have a place, and I want to help you.”
It felt like all of his blood drained out of his body. He was
I’ll forgive you if you join my Moondoor roleplaying game tomorrow,” Charlie said.
“You’re going to raise a baby...with Cas,” Sam said.
“Ba baa waaa,” Ben babbled.
Dean could sense the probing stare from Sam, and vowed to ignore it. When they got into the car, he turned the music up loud enough that Sam wouldn’t be tempted to talk over it. At the apartment, Dean was able to avoid conversation by focusing on packing and cleaning. Sam had luckily kept most of the boxes he’d used when he moved into his apartment with Jess, and that helped the process, but they were still less than half done by the time it was nearing nine o’clock. They ordered some pizza when they realized how late it had gotten, and decided to stop for the day once the pizza arrived.
know we both had feelings for each other?” Dean asked.
“Me,” Dean said reluctantly.
“No, Cas, it’s fine, go back to bed,” Dean answered.
“Cas should keep his gossipy little mouth shut,” Dean said.
Dean’s body stiffened and he shrugged his shoulders.
Cas was silent for a few moments. “Because he knew you’d say no.”
that I’m such a fucking idiot that you and Cas have to put up with me--”
got tucked in, Dean grabbed the baby monitor and rushed as quickly as he could into Cas’s bedroom, where Cas was sitting on the bed, looking remarkably calm and reading a book called
Dean got a bottle ready for Ben and fed it to him, but he spent the whole time staring at Cas’s closed door and wondering if Sam and Charlie were right. Maybe he was being a coward.
“You never call me at work, Cas. Why are you calling?”
Dean choked out a laugh. “Well, uh… So… I have some things I need to tell you.”
Cas took Dean’s hand and intertwined their fingers together. “Luckily for you, you don’t have to go through this or anything else without me. I’m here, baby. We’ll get through this.”
“Okay?”
if there were any guys you had feelings for,” Cas said. “And you said
Dean had never felt so exhausted or incompetent. Having to wake up to console his son in the middle of the night and sleeping on an air mattress was getting to him. They hadn’t been able to get his bed from his apartment yet, because they didn’t know how to move it without leaving Ben behind or asking someone to break quarantine.
“Look, Ben, it’s Dada,” Cas said to Ben as he pointed at Dean. “Can you say Dada?”
“Why not, babe?” Dean asked. “We had fun at mine.”
He dialed Cas’s number, and smiled when he heard the tired and confused, “Dean?” on the other end.
“They think it, though,” Dean said. “Admit it, Cas. Even you think I’m an immature, emotionally repressed, irresponsible dumbass.”
“Yes, but Dean, he’s a really good boy. He likes to cuddle on my lap and play with the toys Sam brought for him. He’s a yorkshire terrier mix and he already found that mouse that’s been giving us trouble. I named him Hunter. And Dean, it’s only until we can find him another home.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asked.
Dean frowned, and passed Ben over to Cas. “Can you get him strapped into the car? I’ll be out in a minute.”
“You want this, right?” Dean asked.
” Cas questioned.
“Guilt spirals?” Dean questioned.
so loud that Dean worried the cars around them could hear it.
“You were freaking out about the job and money and Sam’s tuition, and I just… I wanted to be there with you,” Cas said.
“You didn’t tell me you had a boyfriend,” Angelina said as Cas scrubbed his hands thoroughly.
“You don’t know that,” Dean replied. “They’d be right, you know. I’m an incompetent, irresponsible mess.”
Sam asked. “Dean, you can’t just trust that this is all true. You need a paternity test. You need to figure out what your legal obligations are. I can get you in touch with someone at my office that deals with custody--”
Dean leaned over Cas until their lips met. The kiss was desperate, wet, and almost clumsy as their tongues battled for dominance. Cas placed his arms around Dean’s neck, pulling him in closer. Dean pulled away to catch his breath, and then drew Cas in for another kiss. This time, the kiss was gentler, sweet even, until Dean softly bit Cas’s bottom lip and then started trailing kisses down his neck and sucking marks into his skin.
Cas sighed, and grabbed a hold of Dean’s hand. “Dean, I’m sorry.”
Of course, seconds after Ben was in Cas’s arms, he stopped crying.
“Yes, really. But
Dean grinned. “Go for it. I already told Sam.”
“Yeah, well, maybe he should talk to me about it instead of complaining to my little brother,” Dean said.
“Well, we’re not!” Dean shouted. “That doesn’t mean it’s what I want.”
“If this is about tuition, I’ve got it, Dean,” Sam said.
Cas stared down at him with wide pupils and kiss-swollen lips, and Dean had never seen anything more arousing.
“Yeah,
think of you?”
He meant to take a quick shower, but it was his first time showering in about three days, and he couldn’t stop himself from luxuriating in the hot water. By the time he got out, brushed his teeth, and got dressed, Sam was already waiting for him in the main room.
Perhaps the isolation was getting to Lisa too. It would be
“Cas,” Dean breathed out.
“If I’m being honest…” Dean said, taking in a deep breath. “I’ve really liked… this too.”
Ben crawled away and plopped down on top of a stuffed puppy.
“Cas, she had my baby,” Dean confided.
“What did you want, Dean?” Cas said in a low voice as he trailed his fingers across Dean’s chest.
you, Dean Winchester.”
“Hi Sam,” Dean replied. “How, um, how are you doing?”
“I know,” Dean said. “I just hate this fucking virus.”
these people. I don’t want to see them again. I don’t have to prove anything to them because they’re irrelevant to my life now. And yes, I really don’t think I’d get a warm reception bringing my husband to a Catholic school’s reunion. I have no desire to relive my high school days and even less desire to make you go through it with me. I don’t need to get tormented just to prove that I’m strong enough to take it now. I’m strong, baby. We’re strong. I don’t need their validation.”
“Screw you, Cas,” Dean replied.
“So… this is my son,” Dean said. “His name is Ben.”
They’d exchanged numbers, but… then neither of them called.
“Dean, you can stay with me,” Cas offered. “I’ll help with the baby.”
“Then tell me the truth, Cas, not just the things I want to hear. You know I’m a disaster,” Dean said.
Cas frowned. “Just because Lisa died doesn’t mean Charlie will. The virus isn’t a death sentence. Most people survive.”
Sam groaned. “Very mature, Dean.”
Dean started the call, and Charlie and Dorothy joined him almost immediately. Dean couldn’t help but notice how pale and tired Charlie looked, but he hoped that was just the bad lighting and lack of makeup.
Dean woke up slowly. He reached for his phone, and startled when he realized it was past 1 PM. He pushed himself to sit up in the bed and wiped his eyes. With a large amount of effort, he managed to convince himself to leave the warm comfort of the bed and put on his robe before heading out into the main room. Cas smiled as Dean entered the room, and Ben picked up a banana slice from his high chair table and squealed.
Dean sagged in the driver’s seat. “Fine.”
Dean nodded and drew in a deep breath. In a louder voice, he said, “Uh, Cas, you wanna join us?”
“Are you finally going to tell him how you feel?” Sam asked.
“I’m… sorry,” Dean said. “I thought you wanted…”
“Sup, little sis, little bro, little bro’s hunky friend, and little bro’s hunky friend’s baby?” Gabe asked.
Dean started making fake static noises with his mouth and said, “Sorry, Sam, you’re breaking up.”
“No, Dean, of course not-”
Sam stared pointedly at Dean as he said, “He told me you’ve been on edge and lashing out at him, too.”
Dean nodded, and he walked with Cas into the kitchen. She followed behind them, staying several feet away from them the whole time.
“Okay, I’m going to change Ben. It was good talking to you guys,” Dean said.
“No, that was just a side job and she took on more shifts as a nurse after -- um, anyway, you’re definitely the right Dean.” Angelina took a deep breath. “Look, after your uh, time together, Lisa… she...you...she got pregnant. She didn’t want to raise a kid with a one night stand, so…”
“His dog got pregnant and had some puppies. He’s only supposed to have one dog, but his landlord let him keep the puppies until they were old enough to leave their mother. But...it’s been a few months now since they were old enough to leave. They’ve found homes for all the puppies except for one, but the landlord was starting to get upset and-”
“Not your job,” Dean replied.
He forgot how awkward he’d made things with Cas until after the call ended, and Cas passed Ben to Dean before going back into his bedroom alone.
go spend the night in my bed. You need the rest,” Cas said as he placed a snoozing Ben back in the crib, somehow magically without waking him back up.
my father, and that was true long before dad died,” Sam said. “So suck it up, and stop letting a baby’s whims determine your mood.”
“Want everything, Cas,” Dean answered.
They started their movie parties with Dean sitting on the recliner while Cas was on the couch, but once Dean started cooking snacks or bringing out baked goods from Gabriel for them to share, they moved to both sit on the couch. As the days went on, they started to get… closer. It would start with their hands brushing when they reached for food or the remote, then it moved on to sharing a blanket because they were both cold. Dean felt this undeniable electric current coursing through him every time he felt Cas’s touch.
“So, what’s this all about?” Bobby asked gruffly. “You said you had ‘news’?”
“It did take you long enough,” Cas said teasingly.
than enough for me,” Dean said.
“Dadada,” Ben replied, followed by a squeal.
“Okay, okay, slow down, Dean,” Cas said. “Can you even be sure this child is yours? Or that she’s dead?”
“You haven’t told
Dean took a deep breath. “You’re right. This is...None of this is Ben’s fault. What’s...Tell me everything I need to know.”
him. I’m not built for this.”
“Don’t tell anyone, you’ll ruin my rep,” Dean said, and Cas laughed much harder than the joke deserved. Dean could feel the laughs shaking Cas’s body, and he saw the bright eyes and giant grin brightening up his face in a way that never failed to make Dean feel weak. He loved when he was the one making Cas look that happy.
He felt his heart hammer in his chest at the accidental declaration, but Cas seemed to just laugh it off.
Hitting answer immediately, he brought the phone to his ear and said, “Hey, babe. What’s up?”
“Dean?” Cas asked in a worried tone as he walked back into the room. He looked terrified, and it just made Dean feel worse. He tried to force himself to tell Cas he was okay, but no words were coming.
just to get to a point where he had a little extra saved for emergencies, and that was gone now. He didn’t even know if he could afford another semester of Sam’s tuition.
Dean froze. “Cas, you don’t have to--”
“Want to sleep in my bed tonight, Dean?” Cas asked. “I can watch over him.”
“I mean, I’ll do the baby raising part…” Dean insisted.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Well, well, well, I never thought I’d get to see the day when Dean Winchester would tell me I was right about something. Let me just savor this moment.”
“Yeah, I’m… driving to Jersey,” Dean said.
“So how are you doing, really?” Sam asked.
He didn’t know what he was doing. He didn’t know why he agreed to be a father. He was the worst possible person to be a father.
“I’m afraid once I told Gabe, the news spread quickly, so the sucky ones know now too,” Cas said.
“I just found out last night!” Dean protested.
Dean rolled his eyes and sighed. “You want to give our son away?”
“Hey,” Dean said as he smiled back at him. “You know I still want human kids, right?”
“But I don’t want to distract--”
but I really think you’re just making things harder for yourself.”
Cas beamed at him and gave Ben a tight hug. For the first time, they really felt like a
Cas sighed. “No. I haven’t replied yet. She’s asking if he’s the ‘hot guy from Louisiana’ you were seeing a few months ago.”
He knew it was the wrong thing to say and regretted it immediately as he saw Dean’s face whiten and his annoyingly smug grin fade.
“You came out to me, I held your hand and told you how proud of you I was, and then
“You’d better put that book down,” Dean said to Cas, who smirked and grabbed the bookmark from the nightstand to mark his spot.
“I understand,” Dean said, shaking his head. “I can’t say I love the way this happened, but… He’s not your son. He’s not your responsibility. Does Lisa have any family? Anyone else who might be able to help? At least to keep some kind of connection to Lisa in his life.”
Cas started being more physical in general, sitting close enough that their thighs barely touched or resting his legs on Dean’s lap. They never took it further to full on cuddling, but it was still incredibly addictive. There was no way Dean was going to point it out and risk making it weird.
“Why, do you have some other plans for me tonight?” Cas asked.
“Yeah, that’s… that’s good,” Dean said. “I um, I’m really sorry about the tuition.”
“Cas, you misunderstood me,” Dean said.
Cas’s voice suddenly sounded much more alert as he said, “Dean, what happened?”
“Hey, Dean,” Sam said as he noticed Dean entering your room. “Ben was just telling me all your darkest secrets.”
Somehow, Cas convinced him to set up a Zoom meeting to introduce everyone to Ben once he woke up from his nap. It seemed easier to do it all at once than to try and have separate conversations with everyone he needed to tell.
“I know,” Cas said. “If you were a dog, you’d be much easier to train.”
“I didn’t want to be rejected!” Dean said loudly. “I didn’t want to lose you!”
Dean frowned and moved Ben to place him in the high chair before responding.
, when Cas was saving his fucking life, he’d let Cas have his horrible music choices.
“I know,” Dean said. “Believe me, I know.”
“Look, it’s the weekend, how about I take care of Ben for the day, and you catch up on some sleep,” Cas suggested.
“Good, because she’s been planning the game for days and she’s freaking out about not getting enough players remotely,” Dorothy said, as she ran her fingers down Charlie’s arm.
of your close friends and family are going to look down on you for this,” Cas said.
“To be fair, though, Dean, I thought you’d never get your head out of your ass enough to realize your feelings,” Anna said with a shrug.
“See, he said Dada. I think that’s a clear sign he agrees with
“Seriously, Dean?”
“Fuck, Cas, I love you,” Dean said.
“I gotta go, babe,” Dean said into the phone. “I love you.”
Cas’s eyes shot over to Dean’s. “Then what do you want?”
“Hey there, little dude,” Gabe said, and Ben shrieked and pointed at Cas’s phone.
Dean hummed and kissed Cas on the nose. “Worth it...got you to help me clean up.”
Castiel ran his hands over the old patchwork quilt draped over the couch. It felt nice, like it was made out of old t-shirts. The feeling of the fabric rubbing against his palms grounded Castiel a bit.
“Come on, Castiel, let’s get you some place more comfortable.”
Dean realized how heavy his eyelids were, how worn out he felt after his fantastic orgasm. “I’m just about there, Cas,” he mumbled. “This is...good. Really...good.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest in a self-hug, gently rubbing his own arm, trying to project the sensation of holding the angel in his arms to Cas. “Miss touchin’ you,” he murmured. “Wish I’d done it more when you had a body. Wish I’d pulled my head outta my ass an’ just kissed you like I wanted to, so many times. Now I’ll never get to.”
“I’m sorry,” Chuck said again. “About everything, but...I’m sorry that I wasn’t your father.”
“No, no, just a second ago, I distinctly heard a voice say,
In the weeks that Cas had been living in Dean’s head, they hadn’t broached the topic of...could this even be called sex? Mutual masturbation? Voyeurism? Angelic phone sex?
Cas was confused...but he wasn’t going to try to push Dean into anything he wasn’t comfortable with. “Alright...if you’re sure...I just want to make sure I’m giving as good as I’m getting.”
, uh oh?!” Castiel shrieked.
dude. I can’t remember the last time I came that hard,” he said once his breath came back to him.
“And that’s why the toy department
“He wasn’t even on my list,” Charlie mumbled to himself. “It doesn’t make sense. He hasn’t written anything in 15 years. He’s been living off the royalties from his horror series for years. Castiel...” Charlie’s eyes were large with worry. “This isn’t good. He...he kills people.”
,” Cas sighed, rapping his fingers on the table in boredom.
“Dean, it’s not funny, get up!” Sam said.
Without another word, they leaned toward each other and pressed their lips together. Their first
” Dean cackled.
Charlie squeezed Castiel’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry, dude. I had it all wrong. You’re not in control of your fate at all.”
“I don’t know if I can!” Chuck exclaimed. “If I had known he was my
Nevertheless, Castiel replied, with a sigh, “28,890,” before turning to leave. He didn’t even realize he’d given them the wrong answer. The real answer was 28,980.
Dean grinned, and Cas was practically blinded by it. “Aw, man, I love you, this is gonna be great!”
Good grief, was
, Sam. Yes it is. Because he is an angel, and angels don’t fall in love, unless they’ve been doused in magic love potion.”
Dean shrugged. “Asked Bobby to cover for the day. He doesn’t mind. I think he hates being retired, to be honest. Misses the smell of engine grease.”
of my taxes.” Winchester crossed his muscular arms, which seemed to make them bulge more through the sleeves of his shirt.
mania was big when Sandover commissioned that one. I, uh...I based the main character on Benny,” he admitted.
“Dude, that was all you,” Dean laughed breathlessly. “I just laid there and took it.”
of moments, but...”
aware of his hand on Cas’s lower back and pulled away as if he’d been burned. “Uh...sorry, Cas,” he muttered, blushing. His awkwardness was definitely back.
.” Sam smirked, pressing something on his phone.
“Uh, yeah. No. I was just thinking about...stuff.”
” Winchester mocked.
“Good ol’ Charlie,” Cas sighed fondly. “I’ll be glad to see her...”
Castiel banged his spoon on the table angrily. “Fucking Chuck! Why is he doing this to me?!” he exclaimed. “If he wasn’t planning on killing me, I could be with Dean...we could be happy.”
Then he pulled him forward into a searing kiss.
He rang the doorbell and shifted nervously. After a few minutes, a man in grey robes opened the door. “Can I help you?” he asked brusquely.
“You see, baby?” Dean said gently, cupping Cas’s cheek. “He doesn’t know anything about me that you don’t know. My mom’s name was Mary Campbell. I’m from Lawrence, Kansas. My favorite Zeppelin song is ‘Ramble On’, and I fucking
He slowly pulled out his fingers and positioned the tip of his cock at Dean’s entrance.
“Yes, but you have to pay the
“I know that, Voice. You don’t have to say it,” Castiel grumbled under his breath.
Awww cute
“Dean, I know you must be disappointed about the pearl. You don’t have to hide it from me,” Cas said, trying to ignore the cold, clammy fingers of guilt grasping at him.
Chuck was strewn out in his well worn armchair that Dean and Cas had carried him to at Becky’s behest, limp legs spread apart, wearing nothing but a t-shirt and boxers under his robe. Dean made a face. “Aw, dude, I can see his bait n’ tackle.”
(Wiggin’? he thought to himself. What was it, 1995?)
Castiel nodded. “That’s all I need.” He took a deep breath, climbed the worn out concrete steps to the author’s house...and rang the doorbell.
“He made hot chocolate especially for you. He only makes me tea and stuff when I’m sick or stressed out from work. He just met you and he’s already taking care of you. I know he seems prickly but that’s just Dean. He’ll warm up to you.”
The four men piled into the car and hit the road.
Castiel giggled, propping his chin on his elbow.
Castiel smiled. “Of course I will.”
...” Castiel blinked several times, then remembered where he was. “Anyway, the voice knew about that too. It put my feelings into words that I would’ve never used, but it was exactly what I was feeling.”
“No, of course, I understand. I’m sorry I even asked, I’m just desperate.”
soon, today, tomorrow, a week from now...he was making Dean fall in love with him when he knew he was about to die—Dean would be crushed when it finally happened. He had a sudden flash of Dean, all in black, standing beside his coffin, holding flowers and weeping uncontrollably. Cas couldn’t do this to him.
“Yes of course I can see that! Anyone with working senses can see that!”
“Oh God, Dean’s gonna kill me,” Sam groaned as he and Cas booked it out of the store.
“Not that I remember, no.”
as he had legally changed his name, in the IRS records. It wasn’t like anyone would find out about it.
you’re not cursed or something? Did somebody you audited in the past put a hex on you for giving them a bad write-up?”
Gabriel swallowed hard, taking another look at his charge. The baby laughed with delight at the sight of Gabriel, and the angel knew, nothing would ever be as important as
Even more of a mess than the crying baby.
Sam raised his hands. “Fine, I’ll shut up
?” Dean asked incredulously. “Don’t you think that’s something we should have talked about?”
Cas let out a frustrated sigh. “Dean, you know that’s not the point. Who fixes my car for me every single time it falls apart? When my apartment started flooding, who did I call? Who helped me move everything into my apartment and built all my Ikea furniture?”
When Ben
“I love you so much, Dean,” Cas said. “
“Yes, but it’s better than you paying an unnecessary extra month of rent, and you need your bed, Dean,” Cas said. “Why didn’t you tell me the air mattress was losing air in the middle of the night?”
That night, though, Dean really just wanted to rush through the whole thing. He had a decade’s worth of sexual tension to work out, and he was not thrilled about having to put it off just because he had to be a
For the next hour, Angelina and Dean talked through the details of Ben’s life together. Somehow, Dean had plans to drive to New Jersey the next morning. To pick up his long lost son. In the middle of a pandemic. When he had no fucking money.
When he got home and opened the door to his house, he saw Cas sleeping on the couch with hair sticking up in every direction and Hunter curled up on top of him. Dean felt an overwhelming sense of happiness he really hadn’t expected. He looked at them and it felt like ‘home’, even though there were toys strewn haphazardly around the whole room.
“So what’s really going on?” Sam asked.
Dean explained the story again, with Sam and Cas occasionally piping in to add more detail and with Ben occasionally interrupting to point at stuff or make random noises. Dean was guarded at first, trying to gauge the response from his friends and family, but he relaxed by the end of the call, even when Bobby called him an ‘idjit’ for hiding Ben from them for so long. He promised to keep them updated and send pictures every day, and Dean felt lighter than he had in weeks. He hadn’t realized how much fear he’d built up by keeping Ben a secret, or how relieving it would feel to let go of that secret.
“You want to know what I think of you?” Cas asked. “Do you seriously want to know what I
“There is nobody in this world who has a better idea of what kind of a father you will be than me, because for all intents and purposes, you
“Okay…”
“I know,” she said. “
for help--”
“Okay, okay, I get it,” Dean said.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I just had to fall in love with the most emotionally constipated moron that ever--”
Cas’s face lit up with a wide, gummy smile. “
let us be there for you, too.”
“I think you made yourself clear,” Cas said. “It’s okay.”
Dean shook his head and passed him the phone so he could read his texts with Dorothy. Dean watched as Cas’s face fell into concern.
“Yes, Dean,” he answered.
Cas scoffed. “I told you I’m not going.”
“Angelina,” the woman answered shortly.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Because you would have tried to talk me out of it, and Sam and I agree you’re a dumb self-sacrificing idiot.”
“I will! You won’t regret it, Dean. You’ll love him. He’s a really good puppy. He’s the best puppy, aren’t you? Huh? Just the best little puppy?”
“I’ve wanted you for years, Cas,” Dean answered.
“How about ‘Sam, I most likely have a son, and we’re moving in with Cas’ as a start?” Cas said.
,” Cas said. “And who drove to pick up Ben the day after you found out he existed? Who has been staying up with him while he goes through some kind of sleep regression? Who has been feeding him and changing him and reading a book every night to him?”
He desperately craved Cas’s touch.
. Since when? Is this just because of Ben?”
“Anna,” Cas warned.
keep the puppy?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I just thought you’d want to know that we’re together now.”
“Who is the kid’s mom, Dean?” Sam asked.
“Ah,” Cas said. “Yes. I recall.”
“Dean, tell Cas you’re in love with him,” Sam screamed back, and Dean hung up on him just as Cas walked back with four bags full of unnecessary overpriced food from the convenience store.
