, and Dean can’t afford to look at that because then he’ll lose it too. “I’m so sorry,” Jack says. “There’s…there has to be an order to things now.” He sounds like he’s justifying it to himself too, and badly. “It’ll take time to sort out the Empty. To put everyone back to sleep. And then we’ll erase all the spells, the prayers…everything that could interfere.”
“And…you’re human, now?” Jack frowns, reaching two fingers out towards the neat row of stitches on Cas’s neck. Cas catches his hand and shakes his head.
Dean will never be over just how well-stocked the Men of Letter’s supply is. It’s like Bobby’s house always was, but even more so, and with a slightly better filing system. Hopefully that’s one of the things Sam plans on keeping up when he’s running things or whatever. There’s always hunter-friendly magic shops, but some of this shit costs a fortune to get ahold of, no matter how much it’s meant to help people.
And then he feels it. A sort of tug that floors him, makes him grab on hard to the back of his chair for balance. Sam doesn’t stop speaking, his voice ringing with the spell, and Dean feels something sever in him, yanking backwards. He gets one last look at his body, Eileen jumping forward as it goes slack in the chair, making sure he doesn’t fall, and then he’s pulled into darkness.
“Hey,” Dean says. “What’s with the front door routine? Figured you’d just fly in when you were done.” He pauses, and then fills the gap when Jack doesn’t. “How’s your mom?”
“And you think the Empty is just going to let you?” Sam shakes his head. “You think you get to walk out with an
“Yeah, yeah,” he grumbles, without any heat whatsoever. “Like you and Sam didn’t get all gooey when he got you back.”
know that.” Weird potion incident aside, Dean is very much not into that, thank you very much. And it’s
The memory-echo of wingbeats is so familiar Dean nearly cries. The barn is shaking, rattling with a howling louder than the wind, and Dean hears the muffled voices of him and Bobby inside, the crackling of wood, the shattering of glass as a figure touches down, the outline in the darkness the most familiar thing in the world.
Dean gave it an honest moment’s consideration before he admitted, “No. Disappointed, hell yeah, but angry? No. I guess I’m lucky I got back as much as I did.” He hesitates. “Are they happy?”
It’s really fucking cute, actually, and Dean can’t resist. He bends low, and murmurs in Cas’s ear, “I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition.” It’s soft, and in his own voice. Not mocking. Entirely too sappy.
, I don’t want to be that to you.” Cas’s face isn’t playful anymore. It’s drawn and concerned. He picks at his eggs, scraping his fork through the remnants on the plate. “I appreciate you looking out for me, wanting to take care of me, treat me right. It is an attractive quality, and one I will admit I’m drawn to given my…my history.” He pauses, and Dean thinks about Meg in a mental hospital and Daphne with Emmanuel. Cas shakes himself, and finishes, “But I don’t want to be another responsibility for you, Dean. I don’t want to be a burden.”
In his haste to get back to Cas, he nearly trips himself on the steps into the war room, and then nearly trips again when he screeches to a halt, crushing the bundle of Cas’s things to his chest as his mouth falls open. It’s a deer-in-headlights look, but Dean thinks he’s allowed in this instance.
He cups the back of Cas’s head, tips it back just a little. His voice shakes, and he does his best to steady it, to sound apologetic and reassuring all in one. “This is probably going to hurt.”
his hand is tantalizingly close to Dean’s swelling cock as he unbuckles Dean’s belt easily, sliding it through the belt loops with a resounding snap than has Dean swallowing a keen, his head thunking back against the wooden door. “I don’t intend to put you over my knee tonight. Or vice versa.”
He’s so out of it that he doesn’t react right away to the figure in the library, doesn’t really register it until he’s halfway up the steps. He freezes, and Billie gives him a slow smile. “Hey, Dean. Long time, no see.” She’s leaning against her scythe, and somehow it looks longer and sharper and meaner than it did when Dean last picked it up and…
Cas looks up at him in surprise, his gaze flickering between the table, the knife, and Dean’s face. He sets down his phone. “You want me to add my name?”
Sam’s face is pinched. Dean wonders which deal he’s thinking about, which stupid call one of them made that twisted them deeper and deeper into this mess before Jack cut the strings for good. But he’s looking at Eileen, who’s playing with Miracle’s tail while she stuffs a forkful of pancake into her mouth and oh yeah, Dean’s calling wedding bells any day now. “Okay,” Sam says. “I’m in.”
Oh god. He’s going to kill Dean. Forget from sex, Dean’s going to die from sheer arousal, his jeans constricting painfully as his cock fights to tent the stiff material. Dean’s never had a partner he’d be willing to let do something like that to him – not for lack of wanting – but
Cas must understand, because the intensity comes back, replacing all signs of concern as he straddles Dean more properly and drops more weight on him, a hand in the center of his chest, just below his throat, pinning Dean in place. “I asked you a question,” he says, all thunder. He digs in his fingers a little, punctuating each word. “Is. This. Okay?”
In his periphery, he can see that Cas isn’t looking at the Empty. One hand clutching the slice on his neck, the incision red and angry with the first bubbles of blood, Cas is staring at Dean like those words are benediction.
When he gets his bearings, it’s not what he expects. Dean isn’t exactly sure what he’d been picturing – miles and miles of gooey black swamp, maybe? Like the stuff that took Cas? Or maybe some sort of technicolor chaos, with all the angels and demons awake. It’s neither, just flat black empty as far as the eye can see. It’s not dark, Dean realizes abruptly. There’s just…nothing.
“No, I’m serious,” he says, in a tone that is anything but. “With her brains and your freaky moose whatever, she could really get some things done around here. Hunters of America, that kind of thing. You’d enjoy being arm candy, wouldn’t you, Sammy?”
Miracle lets out a series of irritated barks, and Dean breaks away from Cas with a groan as the dog dances over to her food bowl pointedly. Right. He does have some responsibilities. “You’re worse than Sam, you know that?” he tells her, but he stands up to oblige. “You better not be conning me,” he warns. “When’s the last time Sam fed you, huh?”
“To be clear,” he says when he gets back and Cas is halfway through his mug, “I want to date you. Like, so hard. And kiss you again, definitely, and, you know. Anything else you might be interested in.” He’s blushing a little, but he’s pretty sure Cas can’t see it through the steam and his half-closed eyes.
“Yes,” he answers simply, and Dean swallows, because with eyes like that there’s no way Cas is talking about the sex.
Billie ignores him. “And it is a little thrilling to break the rules. I can see why you Winchesters enjoy it so much.” She surveys him, almost disinterested. Like he’s finally not worth her notice, and she’s thrilled about it. “Mostly, I just knew that without him, the rest of this? Not really a story worth telling. For any of us. We do seem to owe him free will, after all. And I for one am not big on debts.”
There really isn’t that much table between them, anyway, Dean decides. He braces himself up on it, and Cas leans in when he does, letting out a soft, pleased sound when Dean’s fingers curl into the hair at the nape of his neck and-
“I wanted to be clear that it was me,” he says softly. “I’m still…my mom was a Kline. And I didn’t want to put JW, even though I feel like a Winchester.” He hesitates. “I met John. When we were doing our work. I saw his soul, and I could see he did love you and Sam, but…”
“I’m not,” Cas says, but he’s definitely grinning. He sets his hands on the table, reaching out for Dean’s. His fingers are rougher than Dean really expected of an angelic vessel, bearing the same kinds of calluses Dean has. Soldier’s hands. “If you’re concerned about having sexual relations with a man-“
“Nothing,” Dean says. “But think about it.” He looks back at Cas, gives him a grin, a reassurance he doesn’t really mean, before meeting the Empty’s eyes. “The last time you had him, everything was out of whack, which meant that when he pissed you off, you could spit him back out again.”
,” Dean breathes, and yeah, his voice breaks a little. Because it figures, doesn’t it? Castiel, the angel who rebelled, who has so many memories, is relieving the last twelve years and nothing else. His time on Earth. His time with Dean.
He rubs his eyes, blinking blearily against the sleep trying to settle into them, and turns another page.
“I mean-“ Cas shoves himself up on one elbow, gripping Dean’s shoulder and shoving gently. Dean gets the hint, shrugging out of his flannel and then his shirt, shoving them over the side of the bed. He looks down, both of them half naked, in time to watch Cas fit his hand over Dean’s shoulder, where his handprint used to be. His eyes flit to Dean’s face and then catch, and Dean’s breath settles back in his lungs as they watch each other silently. Dean’s had intimate sex before. This is something else entirely.
“No,” Cas says softly, and it’s so sweet he’s going to give Dean cavities. “Not for a very long time, at least.”
“There’s no going back this time,” Dean warns, and hates himself for it, like he’s trying to talk Cas out of it. “New world order means no do-overs. This is it. 100%, irreversibly human.”
“You, Jack and co.? You’re making everything right again. Which means that when Cas drives you batty this time, and trust me, he will, you’re going to be stuck with him. Forever.”
but don’t get to have. We get to have, Cas. After all this crap, it’s the only thing that makes any sense. So I’m asking you to stay. I’m going to ask you to stay every damn day for the rest of our lives. And I hope you tell me every day that you want to.”
He turns to do just that, but Cas’s hand darts out, seizing his arm. He certainly doesn’t look bleary-eyed when he stares at Dean. More like he can still see into Dean’s soul and is searching for something. “It was all real, wasn’t it? It wasn’t a dream?”
Diana gives him the application with a grin and a wink, and Dean grins back. He even makes it to the car again before the hollow feeling slams back into his chest. He takes deep breaths, but that’s a good thing, right? Finding little moments that don’t ache? It’s a sign that things will get better. It has to be.
“So beautiful.” Cas’s voice is full of awe, not undercutting the power but amplifying it. “Do you want to come inside me, Dean? Do you want to fuck me until you come?”
“So you killed him.” Dean wants to snarl, thinks his lip might even curl a little, but his voice is flat. Condemning. Cas walking into that lake was one of the worst moments of his life. Now, he’s not sure it ranks. There’s been so much bad.
being in control. I like the thought of pinning you down, making you accept whatever I give you. Making you feel good, because you deserve to feel good, and you powerless to do anything but ask me for more.”
So it hurts. Fuck yeah, it hurts. But Dean doesn’t even care if it takes a fleet of shrinks, he’s not going to let it win this time. He’s going to live this fucking life if it kills him.
She quirked an eyebrow. “Oh, for this and that. Being a good sport and all. Doing something stupid so I didn’t have to.” She examines her nails, a deliberate gesture. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m still all for natural order. But it is somewhat…satisfying to have a score settled, even if you’re not the one who pulls the strings.”
Dean plows over him. “Nothing angelic or demonic can escape the Empty. Even awake, even with a rift open, that essence, grace, whatever, the thing that makes them not human? It can’t leave, not without someone big giving the okay. But a soul? A soul can slip in and out, no problem.”
“Good,” Dean says. For Eileen’s sake, he doesn’t tease Sam by talking with a mouthful of food. “No, that’s great. Definitely, do that.”
When he swallows, Sam’s still looking at him. Dean swallows again, with more purpose. “I’m not…not saying it doesn’t suck. I know…I mean, Cas didn’t have a lot of friends but-“
“I want…” Dean clears his throat. He feels like he’s shaking apart at the seams, that it’s only Cas’s hand holding him together. “I want to suck you.”
Yeah, Dean’s pretty sure he’s crimson in the face. He’s definitely never had a conversation with God’s sister like this one. His and Amara’s conversations have rarely been so calm, and never so amiable. He coughs in a weak attempt to cover, but he knows he’s sounds like a sap when he admits, “Even if he didn’t deserve it, I’d probably still pick him. Always.” Add that to the list of things he needs to tell Cas every day for the rest of their lives. “So,” he says, desperate to change the subject. “If that’s all…?”
” Cas groans when Dean bottoms out. His breath shakes, and his hands flex where they’re braced against Dean. “Such a good boy for me. So good inside me.” He turns those too-blue eyes on Dean; his gaze is electric. “Tell me how it feels.”
as he’d frantically jacked off in the bathroom for days afterwards – and Dean feels seconds away from coming without even getting inside Cas. For his part, Cas snags another condom, tearing it from the strip and ripping it open with his teeth, and Dean has no idea where he learned that but it’s so fucking hot. Then Cas’s hands are squeezing, gripping him, and Dean has to screw his eyes shut and whimper as Cas turns rolling the condom over him into one of the filthiest handjobs he’s ever received. “
Amara nods, looking almost regretful. “We discussed it at length. Ultimately…the course of this world was fixed. We might have freed it from that, but so far along the path…it would have been a very difficult adjustment for the souls, and for the fabric of the universe. And choosing who got to come back and who should stay…” She studied Dean, her expression careful. “Are you angry?”
But they’re all just speculations at this point, so he doesn’t share them with Cas just yet. Instead, he asks, “What about you? I mean, is that what you want to do? Keep hunting?”
“Yeah, absolutely.” Dean is already nodding, reaching out for Cas as he backs away, tugging the former angel to his side. He glances at Cas, “Hold tight.” Inside himself, he wraps a mental hand around the taunt string and yanks. Hard.
Fingers grip his jaw, turning him back. “Look at me,” Cas instructs, and so Dean has to, has to stare at him, angelic grace and beauty as he rides Dean’s cock like a fucking champ, fucking himself up and down on Dean’s length, clenching around him. Dean’s not going to last long, he knows it, not with how good it feels, not with Cas
don’t need an angel, Cas. We just needed you. I needed you. And it doesn’t matter to me if you can’t use your mojo or heal people or whatever. You’re family. You matter. You.”
“Hmm.” Billie’s eyes flick over his face. Dean doesn’t know what she finds there, but she turns away, strolling to another shelf. “You know,” she says, conversationally, “your son is lobbying for some pretty radical changes. And not just shaking up heaven and hell.” She smirks at Dean over her shoulder, “Kudos to him, by the way, for not asking for any souls out of there, either. His mother, and yours, still where they belong. No, I’m talking ‘not all monsters go to Purgatory’ big. Something about…people doing their best deserving better.”
Even an impression of it will do. He thinks. It slips from Cas’s sleeve easily; he spins it in his palm with the precision of a soldier, offering it out to Dean. “Okay,” Dean says, more to himself than Cas. He takes it, the metal cool against his palm. “Okay.”
Dean doesn’t need to look to see that the backseat is empty. He knows what wings sound like by now. Jack can probably be anywhere now just by thinking about it. He doesn’t need to fly. But he was still part angel once.
Cas takes a second first to finish kicking off the rest of his clothes. It’s not showy, but it lets Dean stare, drinking in the lean, strong muscles of his thighs, the cut of his hips. He doesn’t have a six-pack or anything, but when Dean sets a hand on his stomach, under the softness he can feel how firm it is, and Cas’s soft cock twitches, trying valiantly to rise again.
“I did get that impression,” Cas says wryly, the assbutt, and god does Dean love him. He takes another gulp of coffee and adds, “I’d like to have intercourse with you as well.” Dean chokes and splutters, and Cas continues, “As well as the other things you mentioned. That sounds agreeable.”
“Very good,” Cas agrees. He’s still a little out of it. It’s honestly kind of adorable, especially when he starts to smile and blush. “It was…good for you?”
“Yeah?” he presses. He takes a step forward, uncurling his fist a little, grace still out like an offering. “You really think that’ll keep? The one angel that even God couldn’t keep down, even when he was the only big game in town? Especially now that he knows someone’s waiting for him on the other side?” He flashes his biggest bullshit smile, the one that says ‘I’m adorable and you ain’t got shit.’ “Grace is quiet. Let it sleep. You get the angel; we get the human. Everyone’s happy.”
(He does. He hasn’t…he can’t delete Cas’s number. He called it once, but the phone must have been in Cas’s pocket when he got taken, because there’s not so much as a voicemail recording on the other end of the line.)
“Right.” Jack lurches over the threshold like a TV vampire who’s been invited in. “I just wasn’t sure, with everything done, and Cas-“
“You good?” Sam asks. Dean nods. Gives a short ‘yes’ with his hands too, smirking to make Eileen smile. It hides the way his stomach is lurching, the way he’s pretty sure he’s gonna start vibrating out of his skin if they’re not ready soon. It already feels like it’s been too long.
and that means it’s important, monumental, even? Dean had kind of expected to be showing Cas the ropes, but if Cas wants to drive… “You’re sure that’s what you want? You’re not doing it because you think I expect it or…”
Dean sits up, and that if nothing else gets Cas to move back a little to accommodate, gaze snapping up to Dean’s. “It was good, right?” Dean asks carefully. It’s really not an exaggeration to say that that was the best sex of his life, but if Cas didn’t like it-
Jack shrugs. “After that case with Harper, you said that love could be crazy sometimes. You sounded like you knew what you were talking about. And you were sad when Cas was dead and happy when I brought him back. It didn’t seem…it seemed like different happy and sad than other times. I asked Sam, and he said that sometimes people who are in love don’t talk about it, and that you have to let them tell you when you’re ready.”
“I…” Cas looks a little stunned. He runs his hands carefully over Dean’s arms, squints as he examines his face. “Dean, I don’t understand.”
. But not about Cas. He couldn’t let himself think like that about Cas. His best friend. The angel who couldn’t return his feelings because he wasn’t built that way. Except apparently, he could. And he did. Because Dean had reached in and broken him, just a little. Just enough for him to love.
He gathers everything up carefully in his lap, staring down at the spoils. There’s one big thing still missing, and Dean doesn’t know if Cas still doesn’t understand the significance of a mixtape, but at the very least he has to know that a present like that…
Cas is. Cas strokes just two fingers over the tent, like he doesn’t get how obscene that is, like it’s fucking fascinating to watch the fabric stretch tighter as Dean’s cock responses with
“I said it was a risk,” Dean snaps. He swallows, waiting for the gut-reaction anger to fade, then continues more evenly. “I’ll be shielded, more or less, by the spell. It’s basically fancy astral-projection. I whammy my way in, find where the Empty is keeping Cas, and bring him back out. Easy as pie.”
“I still need you,” Dean says dumbly. He squeezes Cas’s hand. “But just here, Cas. Just like this. I don’t need the bells and whistles. Just you.”
“And last time I saw you, you and your angel got me sent to the Empty. Not to mention your little fit with this.” Her fingers stroke up and down the weapon in her hands, and she levels a gaze at Dean that’s dark and piecing and sucks all the air out of his lungs. “But I’m willing to let bygones be bygones. We were all pawns here. So I forgive you for trying to kill me. Twice. And in return, you can stop acting like what happened here was my fault.”
Cas shrugs. The corners of his lips twist. “It’s not…I don’t know that I would call it a good memory. I am…uncomfortable, with the way she used me. But the point does stand. I have been human before, and I am familiar with how intercourse feels. And I would immensely prefer making new memories of it with you.”
“Let me guess,” Sam says, still infuriatingly soft. “He thought he couldn’t have you? That you didn’t feel the same?”
He glances up at Cas to check how’s he’s doing, and the ex-angel looks a little dazed himself. His hand has fallen onto his thigh but when Dean nuzzles it, he rubs his fingers against Dean’s cheek, and then lets out a startled sound when Dean sucks the thumb into his mouth, wrapping his lips tight around it. Cas lets out a shaky “
Dean recoils. He actually stumbles the three steps back, and out of the corner of his eye he sees Sam tense, ready to spring. He puts out a hand, half to steady himself and half to still his brother. It does both, and he closes his eyes and takes a breath. When he turns towards Baby again, he doesn’t give Chuck a backwards glance. Maybe Dean Winchester isn’t a killer, isn’t the monster he’s been written as his whole life. But whether Chuck dies here, or if he manages to get picked up somewhere along the road, or whatever else happens now, that’s not Dean’s concern. This is where that story ends.
Almost immediately, Cas’s hips jerk forward, and Dean coughs a little at the unexpectedness. Cas jolts back, an apology already tumbling out of his mouth, but Dean just squeezes Cas’s thighs and does it again, getting his lips wrapped properly around the head as he pins Cas down just a little, just to keep him from moving. He gets a feel for it, bobbing shallowly, testing the way it stretches his lips, his jaw, listening to the way Cas bites down hard on his fist, sounds of pleasure still spilling past his lips. Dean groans in appreciation, and Cas’s hips twitch, but he stays still.
“A very Winchester answer.” Billie still seems amused, but Dean doesn’t get the joke. She looks at him, head on. “Tell me something, Dean. Even if you stop hunting, you’ve got an awful lot of friends and family who plan to keep on keeping on. What happens if something goes wrong? If they die?”
He’ll be fast, he promises himself. He writes half a dozen different notes, the first on the pad of paper he keeps in his room and then another five on sticky notes stuck to the wall and the mirror and anywhere else he thinks Cas might look, promising that he’ll be back in a few minutes, saying that he loves Cas, that by the time he wakes up Dean’ll probably already be on his way home. Still, it feels like running a marathon to get into town, and Dean is so grateful that Sam is gone because if he saw, Dean would never hear the end of it.
On his cycle through the garage a sound startles him, a muffled thumping, and Dean all but crashes into the Impala in his haste to get the backseat door open. He stops. Miracle blinks back at him, and it nearly levels Dean. His knees all but give out, and he just barely manages to make his slide to the floor look intentional as the dog jumps down out of the backseat, licking across his face in a way that Dean can’t even shame her for. He buries his hands in her fur, giving her a proper scruffing, tucking his face against her neck as she lets out a low sound. “Hey,” he manages. “Yeah, hi.”
“Hey girl,” he coos, and Miracle rolls over for the belly rub he gives her. From his crouch, Sam looks up. “So Jack brought her back too, huh?”
, his fingers slow in dragging the rough denim over the curve of Dean’s ass and down his thighs. His boxers aren’t anything fancy, not even goofy cartoon ones, but the gray cotton-polyester blend might as well be satiny lace for the hunger Cas stares with, his tongue wetting his lips again like he’s thinking about having a taste. Dean’s cock shows enthusiasm for that idea by throbbing and drooling and making a break for the waistband, and at this rate Dean’s gonna be wetter than if he had a cunt down there, just from how
It takes a miracle (lowercase m) but Dean does in fact stay out of the liquor cabinet. He catches a few hours of sleep – fitful, full of nightmares of empty heaven and endless road – and eats mostly by virtue of Miracle (uppercase M) reminding him to feed her. Sam leaves him alone; Dean is pretty sure he’s spending a lot of his time video chatting with Eileen and checking in with the apocalypse world hunters, building the first stages of that empire now that the world isn’t ending (hopefully for the last time). Dean knows he’s got some texts, from Donna and Jody and Claire and Garth, but he doesn’t answer them yet. They’ll all be about real life, and he’s…he’s not ready for that, just yet. He will be. Just…
“Heya, kid,” Dean says. “That was fast.” He’s almost proud of the fact that his voice doesn’t shake. He sounds…almost normal.
“Yeah.” Dean chokes the word out. He searches Cas’s face. The angel seems distracted, still glancing around, this time towards the sound of bells snuffing out one by own. It’s getting almost too faint to hear. “You, uh. You down for that? Because we’re kind of running out of time.” He hesitates. “I know it’s not a great call, but it’s kind of our only-“
“Kind of not?” Dean admits. “I mean, it’s not like I’ve never thought about it before. I know the logistics. And I’m definitely bi, and it ain’t exactly like you’re totally a guy anyway, right?”
. Was. Was an angel.” Dean coughs a little. He covers it with the whiskey. No more, he swears to himself. Last call.
“Eyes open,” Cas commands, and Dean obeys instantly, mouth agape, staring up at Cas. Cas stretches his hand out to rub his thumb over Dean’s lower lip, not letting him suck, but pressing hard enough to keep Dean’s lips parted. “Can you watch this part, Dean? Watch how I take you inside me, swallow you up until I’ve taken every last inch for myself?”
There’s one more heartbeat of hesitation, one moment that stretches on what feels like forever, where Dean holds his breath and prays.
Dean is asleep when Sam half-crashes into his room, but for once he really doesn’t mind being woken. He’d stared at the ceiling for a long time when they got back, and when he had managed to get some shuteye, his dreams had been one long, unfunny string of pies in the face and weird vamp-mimes and rebar through the chest. It still hurts a little, a deep ache inside him, caught somewhere between that empty hole of the other side of the mattress, the one he instinctively curls away from, and the thought that maybe this is it. No more hunting. No more blaze of glory. Just…a life. Sam’s face is lit by the glow of his phone, and his eyes are that huge, desperate disbelief of a man in love. His mouth opens, and then closes, and he gestures with the phone helplessly.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean agrees. He takes another bite of his slice and chews before adding, “You still sleep, right? I mean, how…” He waves a hand, “how de-powered are you, exactly?”
“I took a little soul-walk. Came looking for you. I’m fine!” he adds, when that alarm flares back into Cas’s expression. “Sam and Eileen are keeping my body safe in the real world. I just…” The bravado slips, and Dean lets it. He doesn’t…this feeling isn’t like crying. But it’s close. A little choked, a little weak. “Cas, I…”
“He saved me.” The laugh startles them both. It’s not an empty sound, but the weight it holds is heavy enough to choke. Dean’s jaw clenches around it, but he doesn’t let it lock. “He saved me.” He still has half an eye on the table. On the glass, and the carved lettering, and the book in front of him. “He made a deal. With the Empty. A long…a while ago. When we were trying to put Jack’s soul back in his body.”
“Well, for one thing, I figured you’d be a little less…enthusiastic?” At the face Cas pulls, Dean winces. “That came out wrong. Um. I just didn’t have you pegged as the take-charge type in bed, that’s all. It caught me off guard.”
And he thinks maybe Sam gets that too, because his brother gives a short nod and stands, his hand brushing briefly over the initials, lingering on Mary’s. “I’ll leave you to it.”
Sam is waiting when he gets back. The spell technically works anywhere, but magically speaking the walls are thinnest where the Empty has already been, which means they’re doing this down in the dungeon. Dean’s steps falter when he walks into the room, and he nearly fumbles the plastic bag he’s stashed the rest of the ingredients in. He drops it on the folding table Sam’s set up instead, tracking the spots on the floor where Cas’s blood dripped. The sigil has burned off the door but this, like the handprint on his jacket, is still here. Proof. Miracle sniffs over the floor, and Dean gently corrals her out the door, shutting it behind her and wincing when she lets out a whining howl at the injustice.
“Congrats, kid,” Dean teases. “You’ve got about a million parents, and two of them finally got their heads out of their asses and got together.”
Cas shakes his head, his smile small but fond. Dean smacks a kiss to his cheek and fishes Cas’s phone out of his pocket, just because he can, before dialing the number for pizza.
could see how he and Cas felt, but he’s not confident Jack has both of those in spades just yet. Not to mention, he’s pretty sure the pining vibes were overwhelming, and that doesn’t exactly translate to ‘relationship.’
The words slot into Dean’s chest, like something he hadn’t known he was missing. His own voice is rough, although not with sleep, when he responds. “’Morning, sunshine. How you feeling?”
Anyone other than Dean Winchester might be impressed at teaching God something. Dean taught God to drive, so it’s not earth-shattering or anything. But he does feel a little flash of pride. “Good,” he says, and it sticks a little, but it’s sincere. “That’s awesome.” He still doesn’t ask. If Jack didn’t lead with that…
Cas’s eyes, no less brilliant blue for lack of grace, turn on him. “Everything,” he says softly. “I remember everything.” He groans as he sits upright in bed, and Dean helps him wriggle until he’s scooted back enough to lean against the headboard. He lets his hands linger on Cas’s shoulder, his firm chest, just a moment longer than strictly necessary. He doesn’t want to push his luck. Not until they’ve talked. Cas lets out a grunt of discontent, scrubbing at his face. “Last time I was human, I was not functional this early without coffee.”
Miracle eventually joins him on the floor, when Dean’s stopped shaking quite so badly with sobs. She leans so heavily into his side that Dean thinks he may collapse under her, but it helps. The weight is solid, is tangible, and it gives him something to hold onto.
He gathers Cas’s stuff back up and heads in the direction of his room. Cas is still asleep, but Dean can sort of see what Amara meant; he’s shifting now, like the pull of sleep is losing its hold on him. Dean carefully arranges the pile of pictures, trinkets, and the mixtape on his dresser, then sits back down on the bed, pulling his legs up so he can move closer to Cas, watching the smoothness of sleep wrinkle as Cas’s eyelids squint open a fraction, a mostly-incoherent “wha?” spilling from his lax lips.
“Hey, hey, hey!” Dean surges forward, catching Cas by the shoulder when it looks for a moment like he might topple. He keeps his hand there, holds tight. “Easy there,” he says gently, like he’s soothing a spooked animal. He gives Cas his most winning grin. “You sure know how to make a guy feel welcome.”
(It’s been more than two days, probably, but time feels surreal right now and Dean doesn’t have the energy to work out the math.)
Jack turns to him, and Dean can breathe again. He tightens his hands on the wheel and puts his eyes back on the road, where it’s safe. “She’s in here too,” Jack says. His breath shakes a little. “I don’t…I didn’t want this.”
“Yours,” Cas agrees easily. His nails scratch lightly against Dean’s scalp, the gesture soft but possessive. “Let me see you, Dean.”
“We did.” Jack looks down at Miracle. “Everyone who was on Earth when God sent them away. Even the ones from other realities. Billie didn’t like it, but we convinced her. They get to stay.”
“We’re going to work on that. For example, so we’re very clear, I’m going to tell you that I would like to have at least one orgasm tonight, and I’d like to make you come too.” The words should be clinical, but they
He swears as the kibble, still pouring, spills over the sides of the bowl and onto his foot, scrambling to sweep it up while Miracle takes full advantage of his mistake. Behind him, Cas clarifies, “That’s not what I meant. I just…” He sighs. “You’re a caretaker, Dean. It’s what you do.”
Dozens of voices, saying some things he’s heard and some he hasn’t and each one hits Dean right in the chest.
Dean nods, and she looks up at Sam. It’s a long look, and what passes between them is beyond words. She turns back to Dean. “Then you gotta do this. If not, you’ll always be wondering.”
Dean chokes on air. “One,” he says, holding up a finger when the coughing passes, “we’re never going to talk about that. Ever.” Someone is going to have to give Jack the Talk for real eventually, and there’s a lot of parenting things Dean is willing to do, but that one is going to go to Sam or Cas. “Two-“ He doesn’t really have a two, actually, and he fumbles lamely and comes up with, “Finish your pizza. Watch some TV. Do…do kid stuff.”
He takes another shaky step forward, towards the barn, because that seems like the thing to do. He tunes the voices out, letting out a watery laugh at a snippet of Cas’s angelic Enochian, that pure screech Dean still remembers finally solidifying into words he can understand, the first words Cas said to him topside. He lets it all fade away into the background, the mostly-empty landscapes echoing with them. He’ll ask about some of them later, but right now…
Eventually, Dean knows, he’ll have to make some real decisions for the future. Something more solid than ‘Cas and a house and some bees.’ He’ll have to decide what he wants to do with himself, a career. How to fit in visits to his hunting family. How to be normal and handle having an ex-God for a kid. He’ll have to get Cas a social security number, probably, and work out how they can translate eons of knowledge and experience into something Cas can use. There are lots of big questions, but they’re the good kind of big questions. Not life-or-death, universe-ending. Just life. Just living. Dean doesn’t need to decide the fate of the world. He just needs to decide what to do next.
. Although honestly, good for Mom. He clears his throat. “She, uh. I heard through the grapevine that everyone up there is staying put?”
“Thank you.” It sounds sincere, he thinks. Billie’s smile even looks real, not edged or anything. “Goodbye, Dean. I expect I’ll see you again. When it’s time.”
He looks so much like Cas. Asking to stay. Always…always asking to stay, and Dean was so stupid not to see it. Or to see it and to still say no. This isn’t Jack’s fault, and Dean isn’t going to blame his son for it again. It’s the easy route, the
“Gonna stop you right there,” Dean says, half-laughing. Yeah, still weird. “My point is, you fixed what you could. You did what you thought was right.”
“Yeah, I’m cool,” Dean says. He turns a page, pointedly trying not to notice the way his brother’s looking around. He fails miserably.
“Beautiful,” Cas says again, and then Dean is nearly sobbing with relief as Cas pulls his boxers down to his knees. Dean takes them the rest of the way, flinging them across the room in his haste to just be naked with Cas, already. He gasps, eyes slamming shut when Cas’s hand curls around him unexpectedly, squeezing both their cocks together, and Dean has to force himself to look down and then force himself not to come at the sight of both their erections, his straining and nearly purple at the head and Cas’s only half-hard but getting harder, pressed together in the former angel’s grip, his callouses rubbing and so,
Happiness isn’t in being. It’s not in fucking saying it. Because Dean’s here, and he’s said it, and he’s not fucking happy.
“Dunno,” Dean says. “Sam’s got a key, but I kind of doubt he’ll be back for a few days. Everyone else typically calls first.” He crosses the room, down the steps out of the library and up the war room’s metal staircase, glancing back at Cas, who comes to the threshold to watch. A second, less confident knock sounds when Dean’s almost to the door, and he grunts, “Yeah, yeah, I’m coming, hang on.” He tugs it open, one hand braced towards his pocket as almost an afterthought – wouldn’t be the first time he’d answered the door to a monster, however unlikely that probability is – and then blinks, hand falling to his side again, the other still on the edge of the door as he takes in Jack, hovering nervously on the doorstep, wringing his hands like he’s missed curfew or something.
– he can almost hear her smirk to accompany the affectionate “about bloody time!” she shoots him. He ends the call a lot lighter than he started it.
“Hey,” Dean says softly, touching Cas’s arm, and oh yeah, there’s going to be a bruise there later. “You still with me?”
Dean closes his eyes, turns his head even farther away. He thinks about downing the rest of the whiskey, and doesn’t. “No,” he says, when he opens his eyes again. He meets Sammy’s gaze, and the fucking pity makes him want to throw something – that or start crying again – but he does neither. “I’m not okay,” he says. He’s done the pretending before, unconvincing or otherwise. He’s not fucking lying about it this time. “I’m not okay,” he repeats. “But I’m not…I’m not looking to, you know.” The whiskey is so tempting. “Just…one day at a time, right? Or some crap like that?”
“Want you,” Dean says without thinking. He shakes his head. “I mean. Can you…I want…” He feels like he can’t suck in enough air, his breathing shallow and loud in his ears. “Fuck yourself on me,” he says, almost too fast. “Please?”
“Nope.” Jack shook it. “When all this is over, I think she’ll probably end up like me. On Earth. But we’ve got a ways to go. I want to clean up heaven, fix it for the angels. And the people. Knock down all the doors. Make it more real. It won’t be like life down here, but it’ll be better, at least.”
He pulls back, enough to see Cas’s face, but he doesn’t let go. He waits until Cas nods, and then says it. “I love you. And yeah I mean that in the family way, but not just like that, I mean it in every way. I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy, and not just because I’m there and you’re there and we both
She doesn’t stop grinning, and Dean squirms. She takes pity on him, and her expression softens into a more natural smile. “You told him, right?”
new at this. I don’t have a clue what I’m doing, and I don’t want to overwhelm you…Why are you laughing?”
The bells are still ringing, but they’re fading fast, less every minute, and maybe Dean should have waited to do the confession but honestly, he hadn’t been able to stop himself. He’s not wasting anymore time. “Look. I promise I will give you the full story later, but the CliffsNotes? Chuck’s human, Jack sucked up all his god power, and now the Justice League is working together to put the universe back to rights. That sound out there, that ringing? That’s them, right now, closing up shop in the Empty for good. Now, Jack couldn’t spring you because the Empty wouldn’t deal if he did, and we’ve got just enough time to sneak you out of here before whatever magic works gets shut down. But.” And here Dean swallows hard, ignoring the way Cas is gaping, questions clearly on the tip of his tongue. He presses on. “I think we can get you out, Cas. Alright? It…it’s kind of a longshot, but it’s pretty much the only one, otherwise I wouldn’t suggest it.”
Cas had been speaking his truth when he’d said those things about Dean. Dean can’t doubt he meant it, can’t even really deny it fully because he wants so badly for it all to be true. But there is one part of Cas’s confession that Dean cannot accept.
“I love him, Sammy.” Not past tense, not this. Somehow, it comes out easy. Dean’s halfway to crying, like he swore he wouldn’t, but the words still come out easy. “I fucking…I love him so much it fucking
When he comes down from it, Cas is still on top of him, swaying a little and blinking unevenly as he stares down at the mess between them. Dean’s cock is softening in his ass, and they both wince a little as a shift has Dean slipping out. Dean grips the base of the condom on instinct, removing it and tying it off before he chucks it in the direction of the trash can. Cas’s thighs have got to be aching, but he doesn’t move, apparently frozen apart from the hand that reaches out to hover, like he wants to do more of the rubbing-his-cum-into-Dean thing he did earlier with Dean’s cheek.
run loose in the Empty while there’s angels and demons awake?” Sam says in disbelief. “Angels and demons who, let’s be real, you probably helped put there?”
“That’s what I like to hear.” Between blinks, Billie vanishes, leaving Dean standing alone in the library.
“I still have enough power left to feel it. His dreams are…beautiful.” She doesn’t actually wink at Dean, but the aura of the gesture is still there. She doesn’t disappear like Billie had; instead, she takes the stairs, and Dean watches her until the bunker door clangs shut behind her. He has no idea if he’ll ever see her again, but he thinks he could be cool with it either way. The dynamics are different now. Things change, and that’s okay.
awesome. He wasn’t kidding about not being a morning person, but that just means he’s especially touchy-feely in the morning, clinging to Dean like an octopus, gripping tighter if Dean so much as shifts a little in his grasp. It makes getting up to hit the head a bitch, especially if Dean’s the little spoon, but that’s a sacrifice Dean’s willing to make. Cas is basically useless before coffee, in a way that shouldn’t be so adorable: completely rumpled, with messy stubble and glaring at anyone within his line of sight, gripping the mug to his chest like he’s convinced someone is going to take it from him. By the time he’s got at least a cup in him, sometimes two, he’s conscious enough to shave and dress and have an intelligent conversation, but Dean still loves him in those early hours. Dean’s no fan of waking up himself, but once he’s up, he’s up, and that means he gets to watch Cas become human all over again. Dean feels a little bad about the hickey and the bruise on Cas’s arm: both are placed just high and low enough respectively that a t-shirt really doesn’t cover them, and while Dean kind of likes to look – and Cas seems to share the opinion, judging by the number of love bites Dean starts to sport over the next few days – he figures he should probably get Cas into a flannel so, at the very least, Jack doesn’t start asking questions.
(That’s a lie. Dean wants to try it anyway, but he can pretend, at any rate, that this is all Sam’s doing.)
“Hey, it’s good advice.” Dean pauses, then reaches for Cas’s hand where it’s fallen onto the mattress, covering it with his, lacing their fingers together a little. “Are
“Yeah.” It’s an exhale more than a word. It leaves Dean’s lungs and hangs there. “I mean…maybe he knew. But maybe he thought…” Dean shakes his head. “I don’t know what he thought. I know we’ve been…I mean, he’s an
“Yeah, I capiche.” It’s mostly a grumble, but that’s not Billie’s fault. He’s grateful to her, more than she could ever know. Mostly because Dean doesn’t plan on telling her.
Sam and Jack are almost to the car when Dean turns back. It’s not so much a conscious decision as the fact that one moment, his feet are pointed towards Baby, towards the road away from this middle-of-nowhere they’ve landed themselves in, and the next moment they’re faltering, and Dean is turning towards the lake again. He doesn’t look at Sam, who’s shepherding Jack into the car like the helicopter parent he loves to be, or the kid himself, who understandably seems a little dazed. He strides back, fast enough to not lose his nerve, because it’s like everything inside him has been locked up ever since-
As if he’s reading Dean’s mind, the kid’s face falls. He fidgets with his hands in his lap. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
okay with this?” When Cas looks down at their fingers with a frown, he scrambles to add, “Being human, I mean.” He swallows guiltily, “I mean, I know…I know that your grace was a part of you, Cas, and as far as I can tell you never wanted to be human before. You always talked about it like it was messy and gross and…” He looks down. “I never wanted to be the person who took that away from you. The person who dragged you down to my level.”
Carefully, because if he’s wrong Dean honestly thinks this might crush him, Dean flips on the radio. The cassette deck cranks to life, and Robert Plant’s voice crashes like thunder around the truck’s cab, crooning, “
It’s most of the truth: Dean had actually lingered by Cas’s bedside for over an hour, but when there’d been no sign of him stirring, Dean had finally caved to the nauseated, rumbling demands of an empty stomach. He wouldn’t be any good to Cas passed out from hunger.
going to carry that a long time.” Forgiveness isn’t easy, and Dean has no doubts that he’ll get mad again, that some days it’ll be hard to look at his son. “But eventually you gotta let it go. She’s got Amara up there, right?” At Jack’s surprised look, he shrugs, “She stopped by. Kind of mentioned it.”
“Well, I’ll be honest,” Billie drawls. She seems very pleased with herself, in a way that only sort of pisses Dean off. “Part of it is just to be a little petty. If you’ve got the angel, the Empty doesn’t.”
She cocks her head at him, and the wave that crashes over Dean nearly drowns him. He hugs her to him, clinging, and murmurs, “Good girl.” It takes him a long time to stand up again.
Cas smiles. “Hello, Dean.” It doesn’t matter if he gets the joke, or if he just wants to say it. Not when he looks so damn happy about it. He traces his fingertips down Dean’s collarbone, over the anti-possession symbol, coming to a stop over Dean’s heart. He lays his palm flat, the way he always did as an angel, and there’s no glow, but Dean’s ears ring with the sound of healing. “I’d like to finish undressing you,” Cas says softly. “Is that alright?”
“Did I tell you how it happened?” he says at length. It’s eating him up inside, these words, like after all the times he’s swallowed them down, saying them once has released a dam, and now they won’t stop coming out. Sam shakes his head.
Cas does, and Dean kisses him, and that finally makes Cas relax, melting into a puddle as Dean loops an arm around his waist. It’s not a heated kiss, but it’s soft and passionate and Cas lets Dean lick into his mouth a little before he breaks it to rest his forehead against Cas’s. “So that’s what sex is like when you ask for what you want, huh?”
“Okay, great.” Sam shoots a look to Eileen, who nods and stands with him. He claps a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “We’ll see you when we get back, then. Tell Cas hey from us.”
Instead, he stops a few feet away, looking down. It feels powerful, or it should, but there’s still that hollow in Dean’s chest, and it’s an empty sort of power. He could hurt Chuck, could make him beg, grovel in the dirt, but there’s no satisfaction in that. They’re free. Whatever scraps of attention Chuck gets now, it’s more than he deserves, and Dean is done torturing. He’s done.
He’s in the kitchen, still in his bathrobe, freshly made BLT in hand when Sam texts to let him know he got there safely, and Dean appreciates it. He’s sure Sam broke more than a few speed limits on the way, and it’d be spectacularly shitty if they survived all this crap just for a car accident to take one of them out. The rebar dream still clings to him. He’s trying not to think about it.
Sam nods, but he stays thankfully silent, and Dean keeps talking. The words won’t come out fast enough. “He made a deal. His life for Jack’s, and then the Empty could have him. But…it didn’t want him right away, I guess. It wanted to wait until Cas…until he felt ‘true happiness’ or some shit.” Dean sucks in a breath. “He summoned the Empty, Sammy. Billie was gonna kill us, and Cas…he summoned the Empty to stop her, to save me,
They’re in the bunker kitchen, not just Dean and Sam but Eileen too. Miracle seems taken with her, not as much as she is with Dean, but enough that she’s lying at Eileen’s feet while Dean flips pancakes. Without his hands free to sign – and he’s surprised at how much of it has come back, the little Dean learned to try and communicate in those early years, after Mom died the first time, when speaking aloud had been too hard – Dean makes sure to turn when he talks, so Eileen can get in on this too. Her lips are pursed as she watches him, her gaze flickering to Sam every so often, but she doesn’t say anything, aloud or with her hands, just yet.
Cas thinks on that a minute, swirling his cup thoughtfully. “I think,” he says eventually, “I’d like to keep bees.”
“I know,” Sam says. The corner of his mouth twitches, but Dean can’t guess what expression it wants to be. “He was my friend too.”
he’s known, that he’s not just into women. And he’s buried it deep, because that was the safest option. And the last few years, he’s started to think
“Uh-huh.” Generous would mean the o.g. Charlie back. Would mean Kevin. Hell, would mean Jess, even, and their mom, and everyone else who died because of Chuck’s stupid story. But, as much as he hates it, Dean kind of understands. Or, at least, he understands where Billie is coming from. And it’s selfish, but part of him is glad. Everyone back means John Winchester too, and Dean…he’s let go of a lot of anger at his father, but he doesn’t think he’s ever really going to forgive him for what he did to them growing up. It was abuse, plain and simple, and Dean can say that now. He’s ready to move past it, but he doesn’t think he wants to see John again. Not on Earth, and not in heaven, whenever that day comes. Assuming heaven is where John even belongs.
Jack gives a very serious nod. He’s also definitely sneaking Miracle bits of hamburger off the pizza, which proves he’s just as much Dean’s kid as Cas’s. “Also, before I was born, I know I reached out to Cas, and I could feel how much he loved you.”
He keeps the bandage changed and fresh. Cas’s wound is healing pretty well, all things considered. He might have a scar when it’s all over, thin and silvery, proof that he used to be so much more than this fragile human body. Dean kind of wishes he had more scars himself, although not out of some sense of macho vanity like he might have in his younger years. The various healings and resurrections have been awesome in some respects – no permanent nerve damage means no chronic pain that a lot of hunters have by this stage in life – but he doesn’t deserve this fresh body. There’s too much weight to him, too much history.
“How?” is what he finally manages, looking back and forth between them like this is some kind of magic trick Dean’s conjured up for his benefit. Dean shrugs.
.” He takes a deep breath; Dean can hear it, a slow inhale, a soft exhale. His voice gentles again. “I will. If I can. There’s…there’s a lot that needs to be put right. Not just Earth. Heaven, hell, the Empty. It all needs to be set right again, and I don’t know if I can do it on my own.”
Dean flips them over, so Cas is the one against the bed. It’s a heady power – as an angel, Dean couldn’t move Cas unless Cas wanted to be moved, and even as a human he’s clearly strong. Which means Cas is
Billie shrugs. “Yes and no. I’m the story keeper. There’ll always be a need for Death. Everything ends. But Amara is still God’s sister, and Jack is still Lucifer’s son. They’re both very powerful beings. Just…not all-powerful. Not anymore.”
Dean handle him like this, that he wants this as much as Dean does. He presses another kiss to Cas’s lips. “Rather give you the play by play, if that’s alright.”
Dean sobs as the head pops in, so tight he thinks he’s going to cry for real, so much better than it had been on his fingers. Cas is wet and he’s warm, and he holds just the head of Dean inside him, rolling his hips like he’s savoring that feeling. His head is tipped back, a guttural sound welling up, and Dean lets his eyes flick up just for a moment, taking in the scarring on Cas’s throat and the beautiful expression on his face before Cas is sliding down a little more and Dean has to look, has to be a good boy for Cas. He feels like he’s going to pass out; Cas is so
He looks old, he thinks. Older than he really anticipated being. But it also looks good on him; Dean’s always had boyish charm, a face that people called pretty (not all of them kindly, John included), but somehow, without his noticing, that’s shifted. He’s still kind of pretty, he thinks, but there’s a weight to his features. Maturity is maybe the wrong word, but as much as Dean has always resisted the idea of getting old, he’s aged well. He’s not ancient, or anything, but still.
He watches them leave, hears the distant clang of the bunker doors. He forces himself to stay sitting, to finish the whole burger and let it settle. When he stands, it’s slow and deliberate, not letting himself bolt. Miracle trots by his side, her collar jingling, and she stops when Dean does, on the threshold of his bedroom. Cas has been tucked onto the left side of Dean’s bed – Cas’s side, he’s thought for a while, even if only subconsciously – and he’s turned over in his sleep, no longer on his back but curled up and facing the wall. Dean takes a careful seat on the other side of the bed, watching. He doesn’t miss the irony of the role reversal. How many times has he been the one in the bed, Cas the one watching over his sleep?
“I hope you haven’t suffered,” Cas murmurs, reaching out to cradle Jack’s cheek. It’s an intimate gesture, parental in execution, and when Cas drops his hand Jack rocks on his heels, like he’s already feeling the loss. “They should have told you.”
Dean fumbles his hand down between them, and Cas gasps, eyes fluttering shut for just a moment as Dean pumps him, trying for in time with Cas’s rhythm and probably missing the mark but it doesn’t
He doesn’t offer to help, which is fine by Dean. Something’s shifted between them. They’re not tied together anymore, that codependency they’ve known was toxic but couldn’t seem to shake, because that’s what Chuck was writing. But he’s not writing them anymore, and this is something Dean has to do on his own.
He closes another dead-end, dry-as-fuck textbook when the words start to blur together, his eyes watering not from any display of emotion this time, but just because he’s been staring for hours and he’s brain dead. He growls to himself, a sound that makes Miracle whine, tail tucked between her legs as she stands with him, slinking after Dean as he skulks down the hall. He gives her an apology pat, ruffling her fur before pointedly leaving her outside the bunker showers, turning the water as hot as he can stand and just scrubbing until his skin is red and raw, letting the steam fill his lungs. The water drips down out of his hair and across his forehead, into his eyes, and Dean squeezes them shut and rubs at them. He can feel the stubble across his cheeks, turning into a proper scruff. When was the last time he shaved? He can’t even remember.
Miracle lifts her head when Dean stands, but she doesn’t rise from her place at the foot of his bed. Dean grips his sink, studying his face in the little mirror. He looks…
He makes a noise of complaint when Dean pulls out to add more lube, and Dean shushes him by squeezing his thigh. “Gonna give you a second one, okay?”
Cas had seen his soul. And he’d fallen in love. It’s the only conclusion Dean can draw. It’s crazy, but it feels right. Maybe Cas hadn’t known that’s what it was –
“Did I?” Billie chuckles. “Well then. Must be time for me to get back to work.” She shifts the scythe from hand to hand, examining it. Her eyes flick up to Dean. “See you around, Winchester.”
Another sage nod. “It’s not really her fault, at the end. There does need to be a natural order, and she really was trying for balance. My…grandfather…just has a way of twisting people, that’s all. Making them do things they wouldn’t. Amara and I, we convinced her and the Empty to stop fighting long enough to fix things. Billie was only mostly dead. Bringing her back…that was easy with both of us.” He smiled. “I think I like Amara. She won’t let me call her my aunt, but she’s nice. She really got to like it here.”
“Oh, just a couple,” Dean tells him, ticking them off his fingers like an asshole. “Billie. The Empty. Amara. You know, the whole God Squad.” He shrugs again. “Maybe they figured you already knew.”
“Gotta hear you, Cas,” he says when he pulls off for a moment, looking up at Cas through hooded eyes. “Want to hear how good I am for you, make sure I’m doing this right.”
“I know.” Cas’s gaze is unflinching, and Dean takes a breath to steel himself. The cut he makes is careful, as shallow as he dares without risking having to make another pass. Cas shudders when it happens, his eyes fluttering shut, and Dean watches the grace swirl free, slowly at first as it creeps over the edge of the incision, and then faster when Dean brings his fingers to it, coaxing it out. He catches it in his palm, hot and pulsing like a beating heart, white and blue and almost too bright to look at. It’s…beautiful.
“I want to get you worked up first,” Dean breathes. “I want you hard, all the way, before I pull out your cock, and when I do, I don’t want to put it in my mouth right away. I want to make you want it, show you I can do it right first.”
“Gotta get you an anti-possession tattoo.” Dean’s mostly thinking aloud. He brushes his thumb over Cas’s hipbone. “Here, maybe. Let me suck on it when I go down on you.” Because he meant it, he’s going to get so good at sucking cock. He’s always been told he had cock-sucking lips. Cas is going to reap
His foot slips through something, and he stops and looks down. There’s still nothing there. His heart quickens, and he slides his foot forward again, the tip of his boot disappearing like passing through a curtain. He tugs it back again, but it’s not covered in goo or anything. He looks up, but there’s no door, no waving sheen of fabric, no clear divider. Just more Empty.
“’Course,” he says gruffly. “Just ‘cause you can visit your mom in heaven whenever you want doesn’t make you any less of a Winchester, you hear me? You don’t get out of family movie night that easy.”
Sam seems almost surprised to find him, judging by the “hey!” he lets out when he wanders in. Dean gives a nod of acknowledgement, passing him a burger without hassle and not even pulling a face when Sam goes to the fridge to start loading the thing with veggies. Eileen wanders in a minute after, her expression startled but pleased when she catches sight of Dean. “Morning, sleepyhead,” she signs at him, grin blatantly teasing. He flips her off good-naturedly in return, and she laughs.
Touching Cas is honestly kind of awesome, Dean decides. And he doesn’t even mean that in the sexy way, although he is definitely looking forward to that later. But really, he’s always been pretty tactile in a way that he’s had to tamp down on hard, because that was the kind of Real Man that John Winchester was (which meant that was the kind of Real Man that Dean had to be), and now he can just…indulge himself. After Cas has done the dishes – against Dean’s protests – and Miracle has eaten, they take her out to do her business and get a little exercise, and while she’s running around in the patch of trees behind the bunker Dean just wraps an arm around Cas’s waist and lets it sit there, and Cas leans into his side in return. The sun is starting to set again, casting everything in that orange-blue twilight glow, and it frames Cas like a painting, lighting up his eyes in a way that makes Dean’s breath catch all over again.
When he wings off, Dean stays staring at the table. His phone buzzes a couple times, but he ignores it. He’s thinking about sacrifices again. Cas’s last one. What he said. And what Jack said about the Empty.
– like hundreds upon thousands of bells, going quiet one by one. It gets a little louder as he goes, so he thinks he might be on the right track. There’s no sign of the tear between worlds, but Dean can still feel his connection to his body, a thin string gradually pulling tighter as he walks. Sam will snap him back out if he tugs on it, so Dean lets it alone. He’s not going to touch it until he’s good and ready.
And louder than anything, ringing out over the rest, in words that are pure Enochian - and yet Dean can understand them anyway -
“What’s the risk?” Sam asks, which is fair, because in shit like this, there’s always a risk, a catch, some cosmic screw-you that fucks them over because hey, that’s just how Chuck liked it.
“Well, I didn’t say that.” Another nervous laugh, and Dean grips the edge of the mattress just to keep himself from fidgeting. Dean’s never exactly had a problem being dominated in bed. It’s the safest place for it to happen, and he
“You’re fine.” Dean gets a last look at it just to be sure, not because it lets him cup Cas’s neck, swiping his thumb over the line of Cas’s throat, feeling the way his Adam’s apple bobs when he swallows.
“Love you,” Dean breathes. Cas’s cock twitches at the words, through the boxers, the fabric damn and clinging, giving Dean the whole fucking outline of him, giving Cas more friction with every shift. Dean mouths desperately at the base, at Cas’s balls, and manages to gasp out, “Want you so fucking much.”
Cas drops to the edge of the bed without hesitation, and Dean sits next to him, pulling one knee up onto the mattress so he can turn towards Cas. “So. Not that that wasn’t hot,” Dean says, “because it was. But, uh. What was that?”
It looks good on him. “And hey,” Dean manages, and he even cracks a grin, “with Eileen here, who knows? We might have our own little empire here before you know it.”
Sam and Eileen actually look surprised when they get in. The food’s cleaned up, but they’ve still got a fuckton of people in the house, considering it’s usually four, tops, at any given time. The girls have shoved all the tables in the library off to the side; they’re hardly what Dean would consider the sleepover crowd, but they’ve got some old Monopoly board spread out on the floor and an impressive amount of trash talk going on. Donna’s helping Cas clean things up so Miracle doesn’t get into the leftovers, and Jody’s fielding a work call – her real job, Dean thinks, because he hasn’t heard the words ‘ghost,’ ‘vampire,’ or any other shit like that pass her lips. Sam’s first step is to hug Jody and wave a hand towards the kids when Jack looks up and beams at him, and his second step is to double up on Claire’s course of action, shoving Dean gently for not letting him know about Cas as soon as he was awake. “We were busy!” Dean protests, which isn’t a lie, and grins when Sam makes a face and announces that he doesn’t want to know. He hugs Cas tight when the ex-angel steps back into the room, pausing just long enough to give Donna one too before he turns back to Cas. Dean can’t hear what they’re saying from across the room, but he sees Sam check Cas’s wound, then squeeze his shoulder. Eileen gives Dean a shit eating grin when she catches him watching, raising her eyebrows pointedly.
Cas’s hand goes firm, and he grips Dean’s jaw. It doesn’t hurt, but it’s solid, unyielding, like Cas’s voice when he growls, “That’s not what I asked.”
, because Cas just bounces on him harder, slams himself down against Dean, shifting until Dean’s cock hits his prostate against and then pounding into it every time, and Dean strips Cas’s cock frantically, his entire world narrowed down to this, to Cas’s pleasure and the thick throb of him in Dean’s hands, the slick heat of him and the way he feels like a vise around Dean’s cock, wrenching him higher and higher into oblivion. He squeezes Cas’s balls experimentally, and Cas sobs and comes a second time, his ass clamping down hard around Dean’s cock as he paints his chest white, and Dean sees black and
Sam startles guiltily, and Dean plows on, eyes still down. “Jack stopped by, and it looks like things are going okay up there, but…no. He tried, but no.”
Jack’s fingers are on Mary’s initials, the “MW” right above where he’s carved his own name. “She deserves better than heaven,” he says softly. “And I-“
“Please.” Somehow, Cas makes it sound like a command instead of a plea, and Dean presses in with two. There’s more resistance, so he keeps it shallow at first, gradually working deeper as Cas loosens up around him, his hole stretching as Dean spreads them, making room. He can’t decide where to look. The way Cas’s hole twitches and pulses around him has Dean’s cock weeping, begging for some of that tight, wet action. Cas is fully hard now, his own cock leaking against his stomach, but his face…when Dean looks up to check, Cas’s head is tilted back, his eyes shut, mouth open, face screwed up with pleasure. It’s enough to make Dean fumble with a third finger, barely coherent enough to narrate it, and Cas groans in appreciation, hips rocking back into it as Dean finally finds his prostate. The guttural sound it punches from Cas’s lips, the way Cas’s eyes flare open, burning so hot Dean thinks he might combust, all give Dean about two seconds warning before he’s being flipped, his fingers pulled from Cas’s ass as he finds himself suddenly pinned hard against the mattress. There’s a flash across Cas’s face, like he surprised himself as much as Dean, and his grip slackens for a moment as he asks, “Is this okay?”
He leans forward, only to be stopped by Cas’s hand in his hair, tugging him back. He tilts his head up, confused, and Cas pets through his hair affectionately. “I need you to tell me, first.”
Dean stutters out the yes, because Cas is still fucking stroking him, still kneading at his cock, swiping his thumb over the head and rubbing roughly underneath it. Cas rumbles approvingly, bracing himself on Dean’s chest as he shifts forward, angling Dean back against him. The head catches, and so does Dean’s breath.
“Right.” The word cracks, and Miracle whines again. Her nose bumps Dean’s leg. He gives her another piece of bacon, because if he pets her, he knows he’ll cling too tight. “Thanks.”
He answers some texts: Jody has some advice on filling out that job application and Donna’s sent some kind of rainbow hug sticker gif thing (without prompting, and Dean is going to have words with Sam if this is about his outing. He’s going to tell people. They know him, they know Cas, and if what he hopes is going to happen now happens, they’re going to find out eventually. And he’ll be damned if Sam beats him to the punch. These are his words, his story to tell). Claire has a question about some obscure branch of shapeshifter lore, with a thinly veiled ‘because Cas isn’t answering his texts’ as an explanation. Garth has sent a picture of the kids with the caption ‘Gertie’s first fang!’ The baby werewolf is beaming at the camera to show off the gap in her smile, holding said tooth out in her palm, little Sam and Cas in the playpen behind her. Dean sends Jody a thank you for the help, shoots an answering gif – some blob thing squeezing a heart – to Donna, tells Claire that Cas is fine and will answer her texts later (although he also answers the shapeshifter question, because there’s no sense waiting when he remembers the lore), and cheekily asks Garth how they handle kids and the tooth fairy in his household. It doesn’t take up nearly as much time as it should, and then Dean is reduced to sitting back against the headboard, scrolling idly through his phone, turning his head to check on Cas every thirty seconds. It’s a little pathetic, but Dean thinks he’s entitled.
,” he says again, and it’s a prayer, it’s a plea, he’s begging and he doesn’t even care because Cas will take care of him, Dean knows he will, and he just
Cas shoots him another look. “I suppose we’ll see. But we have decided to communicate with each other.”
“Uh…actually…” Dean tugs at Cas’s hips gently, until Cas scoots more towards the edge of the bed. He wiggles in a little closer, until he’s properly bracketed by Cas’s thighs. He can feel the weight of him pressing against his sides, even through the thin fabric of Cas’s borrowed sweats, and Dean undoes the drawstring with shaking hands as Cas watches, not lifting a finger to help. Dean rucks them down a little and yeah, those are his Scooby Doo boxers (his favorites, because he’s got a few, the purple ones with Shaggy and Scooby on them) hugging Cas’s cock in the weirdest combination of comical and arousing. He doesn’t look more than half-hard, but that’s more than okay. Dean can work with that.
Cas stares at the floor. His tongue darts out, wetting his lips. “Historically I’m…used to following my partner’s lead. I just…earlier, you seemed to respond well to my advances, and I wanted…” He huffs out a breath, sounding frustrated. “When the stakes are high, I’m not comfortable being a leader. But I
Chuck is still on his knees. It would almost be pitiable, how pathetic he looks, but Dean is beyond giving a crap. The devastation on his face turns to hope at Dean’s approaching footfalls, maybe hoping that they won’t just leave him here, or maybe that Dean’s changed his mind about killing him. Dean doesn’t…the thought that he’s a lover, not a fighter, is still rattling in his chest, unable to settle right when it’s meant sincerely, but it’s what Cas believed. It’s what Cas believed so totally, so wholly, that Dean can’t bring himself to contradict it. Not when the anger has melted away into despair.
, he feels so good, and even after the prep squeezing Dean into him takes effort. Cas lets gravity do most of the work, but it’s still rough. Dean’s not huge, but he’s proportional, and he pants and keens as he watches himself sink deeper and deeper into Cas, those tight walls clenching and giving way for his cock. Cas’s thighs are actually trembling, a human weakness, but he’s still in control, and Dean doesn’t even try to buck up into him, to take more, because this is all he is in this moment. Just a cock for Cas. Not a toy, because he knows he means more than that. But a vessel for Cas’s pleasure.
Cas looks surprised, but it’s not a disappointed look. He smiles and uses the hand on Dean to draw him up high on his knees, bending down to kiss him before pulling away. “Is this how you want me?”
“I guess that’s all I can really ask for at this point, huh?” It’s weird, not having a say. It’s been years since Dean felt like he wasn’t fighting against cosmic forces, things bigger than him. His family, his friends, they’re something to mourn. But they’re also a reminder about what he has left.
It earns Dean a tiny squint of confusion, a wrinkle in Cas’s forehead that he cherishes, before Cas shakes it off, touching his throat and the bandage there again. “I’m human?”
Dean jolts up, both hands tightening on instinct, one around the weapon and the other around Cas’s grace. For a split second, he thinks that this might be another memory, Meg standing across from them, staring, incredulous. “I gave one hands-off warrant,” it says, and oh. So this is the Empty. It sounds exasperated, in the way that Meg’s voice has always captured so well. “That’s all I asked for. One angel who was absolutely, unequivocally mine.”
“Anyway, that’s the easy part,” Jack said. “With four of us, it’s a lot easier to balance everything out. We’ve pulled all the…extra bits out of the universe. The story stuff God set up. It just needs a good shake, and then when we step back it’ll be good as new. But not new-new. Just…” Jack beamed. “Like it was. But better. Free will, like you taught me.”
,” Cas takes another step away, as if evading hands Dean doesn’t dare use to reach for him. “The amount of power it would take to free me-“
Miracle had been camped out by the sofa when he woke up, and she refuses to leave Dean’s side when he settles himself in the kitchen, although the latter might have something to do with the ground beef he slips her. He whistles as he makes breakfast burgers, which are really just regular burgers but who cares. He’s in a good mood, relatively speaking, and the vocal cheer covers up the twisting in Dean’s gut, because yeah, there’s always sacrifices with a win like this one. He remembers all his old hopes and fears about Cas being human. He has no idea what Cas is going to say when he wakes up.
There’s no ground beneath him, no horizon. It makes him think of Indiana Jones, the bridge that you can’t see, like walking on air. He’s pretty sure he’d feel significantly cooler with the hat and the whip, but all he’s got is his boots and his flannel and the sinking feeling with each step that maybe he’s already too late. The Empty is supposed to be made up of dreams, isn’t it? A Memorex replay, like heaven, except not just of greatest hits. Even if he manages to stumble into a set, Cas has lived for millennia. How the hell is Dean supposed to recognize the place?
And then it falls. Dean feels Cas’s hands release him almost in slow motion, the angel taking a step back as his brow pinches together. “Dean,” he says, like an apology. There’s longing in his eyes, achingly familiar, and it makes Dean’s heart stutter and his chest squeeze tight. “I can’t go with you.”
Yeah. It’s about angels. And yeah, it’s about the Empty. The spell it describes doesn’t sound simple, and it’s only half a solution, but hey. Dean’s not one to do things by halves, and he’s not about to let a gift like this one go to waste.
Billie hums to herself. “Well, that’s the Empty for you. I may have given up a grudge or two, but it isn’t quite so forgiving. Castiel might have wiggled his way out once, but I doubt he’d be able to again. And once those doors slam shut…”
someone with a firm hand making him feel good, for a change. He likes feeling desirable, and likes that being a good thing for once.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, a little dreamily, his hips twitching up, humping into the touch. He feels really light, kind of floaty. It’s tempting just to rut against Cas’s foot until he comes, without bothering to even take his cock out, but then the pressure disappears. Dean whines, and Cas shushes him, tugging Dean up onto the bed and laying him down against the pillows. He straddles Dean’s waist, blinking down at him curiously.
Cas shakes his head, rolling his eyes, and addresses Jack. “Well, all that aside, Dean and I were not in a relationship. We were both very, very stupid.” In his deadpan, it’s hilarious, and Dean laughs, even though Jack just tilts his head and cracks a smile.
It’s weirdly domestic. Dean still gets calls on his hunter phones, fielding the FBI-type ones easily and passing the cases along to Garth and Jody while Sam and Eileen are out, but mostly he just cooks and compares job applications and watches Cas browse real estate websites in the area. Miracle likes to spend the evenings getting in between Cas and Dean on the sofa when they turn on the TV, dropping her head into Cas’s lap and effectively preventing any making out, but Dean can’t blame her for liking Cas so much. He knows the feeling. Once he’s up, Cas will take her for runs, and when they get back Dean will feed her, and then she spends most of the day chasing after Jack. Dean wonders occasionally if he should be worried about the kid with a pet, especially after the snake incident, but Jack’s got his soul again, so Dean figures it’s probably fine. For the kid’s part, he alternates between hanging around the bunker with them and venturing out, sometimes into town and sometimes a little farther. Dean’s pretty sure he’s been back to heaven at least once, to talk to him mom, but he doesn’t ask and Jack doesn’t offer any information on it.
“But I think I’ll spend a bit more time on Earth for the moment.” Amara tilts her head thoughtfully, looking off into the distance. “There’s so many places I haven’t seen yet. And with the state of my powers…”
Sam books it, and Dean turns over onto his back again. He hesitates, and then reaches for his own phone. It’s lit up with notifications – Donna and Jody and Garth and the rest reaching out, personal messages and massive group texts, chains of “we’re okay, it’s okay” and “is it over?” He has one from Eileen too, although he’s willing to bet he’s the afterthought, and he doesn’t even mind. The message from Charlie just reads “thank you,” and Dean knows she doesn’t really like them like the old Charlie had, so Stevie must be okay too. He tries to think about what to say to them all.
Cas slides his thumb over Dean’s lips again, and the shift in angle rocks Dean inside him. “I’m going to make you come, now. Would you like that?”
Dean shudders a little, and his grip on the sink tightens. He’s spent so long denying it. It’s not just Cas, either. Dean’s known,
Dean doesn’t need to respond, still clutching Cas’s arm as his eyes drop to where he’s pressed against Cas, and Cas shifts just a little, and then the pressure increases, and then
Sam shrugs. “I’m not sure. But I think…maybe not going back out in the field, or at least not a lot, but we’ve got the power here to help a lot of people.” Sam gives a vague gesture towards the library around them. “Lore, magic…someone needs to be here to facilitate it.”
Dean takes that as an affirmative answer, grinning as Cas squirms and settles more firmly against him. “’Night, Cas.” Dean stretches over to switch off the light, and then wraps an arm around Cas’s waist, letting his eyes fall shut. He wonders if it should feel weird, having this. It doesn’t, really. It just feels right. Falling asleep comes easily to him, and although he doesn’t remember his dreams, they’re definitely good ones.
“Meaning Sam does the spell, and that tears open a hole between the dimensions, just big enough for a soul to slip through.”
He finds the truck without difficulty. There’s a parking ticket on it, but that’s fine. They’ll take care of that later. He climbs in and shuts the door, taking a moment to just breathe. It smells like Cas. Then he starts the engine and brings it home. The bunker’s main garage is packed, but there’s still room in an adjacent lot, and Dean parks it there before he goes through the vehicle, looking for Cas’s stuff. There’s a small hunter’s kit tucked under one of the seats – fake IDs, a couple weapons, some basic magic ingredients, the kind of excess stuff when angel mojo or Cas’s blade weren’t enough to do a job – but it’s what’s in the glove compartment that brings Dean up short. There’s personal items, trinkets he thinks Cas must have picked up from different people and places, but mostly there’s photographs. On top of the stack is a creased one of him and Cas in Dodge City, and it’s enough to make Dean’s breath catch in his throat. There’s more, just a handful, of Cas and Jack and Sam and other friends and family, but Dean’s in more of them than he isn’t, and in most of them he’s looking at Cas like a sunflower towards the sun. Or vice versa. No wonder Sam knew. Hell, no wonder that’s been the go-to joke for every villain (and a couple allies) they’ve ever faced. It was written all over their faces.
The card catalogue’s findings on angels and demons had long since proven pretty robust – nothing, comparatively, to a lot of the resources they have on any other given thing that goes bump in the night, but pretty extensive considering the pretty serious lack of angels and demons on earth prior to that first not-pocalypse. The handful kicking around back then must have been plenty, or maybe Dean’s just been a little spoiled, relatively speaking, for cosmic company. He knows now that was just Chuck’s storytelling in action, but after a decade of open hellgates and fallen angels, it’s almost weird that Dean
“Why are you here?” It’s careful. She seems a lot more laid back than Dean’s ever seen her, but pissing off a powerhouse isn’t something he wants to do. Not when they just got out of this mess.
Her eyes flick back to him. “You mean, am I going to send you, or your brother, or any of the other should-be-deaders back to where they belong? No. Your son convinced me that we’d all been had. That a…fresh start was in order. Clean slate for everyone. At least, everyone who made it to the end, from this world or otherwise. I keep the rest, wherever they really belong.” She shrugs. “I’ll admit, it’s not my favorite compromise, but if it means that going forward, I don’t have to go chasing hunters who make stupid, cosmic messes? Well then. I’m willing to be generous.”
“No, I mean.” Cas takes a shuddering breath. He glances back at the barn, then back to Dean. “I want to. I want to more than anything. But the Empty-“
“No.” Chuck is actually snarling, but on his knees it looks more like a wounded dog than a real threat. “No, he did that. I just…gave my story a push. Kept the Leviathans in it. And I let him stay too, just because, if nothing else, it was nice to see him hurting.” Dean flinches, but Chuck keeps going. “I won’t deny he made an interesting sideplot, but the
And Dean…he touches his shoulder, almost absently. He hasn’t borne the handprint scar for a very long time, but he still feels it. He hasn’t even washed the jacket with Cas’s blood on it; it seems like blasphemy.
“That’s what I want,” Cas says, low and sweet. “You’re still going to have to teach me, Dean. We’ll be learning together.” It’s somewhere between the hard domination and Cas’s soft uncertainty, and it’s perfect. Dean nods without opening his eyes, nods eagerly because
There’s a lot left unsaid on the last word, and Dean swallows hard. He doesn’t make Jack say it, and he doesn’t ask if there was enough. If, in spite of everything, his father somehow made it upstairs. It’s not an answer he wants to hear either way. “You did good, kid,” is what he finally says, and claps Jack on the back as he passes, guiding him out with him into the war room. “Now, let’s eat.”
That’s what a prayer sounds like, Dean thinks distantly. He feels kind of floaty. The only thing solid is Cas’s hand under his. “You’re my best friend, Cas,” he says. “And I gotta start with that because it’s true. No one has ever meant as much to me as you do, maybe not even Sam. Even…even when I was angry, when I thought what you were doing was stupid or selfish or reckless or whatever, the reason I was so angry was because I was scared. I’d lost you before Cas, and every time I do it fucking breaks me. And I never let you see that, so I don’t think you really know how big a deal that was. You’re everything, man.”
Cas and Sam return, and Dean pulls Cas close, tucking him into Dean’s side. Cas leans into him with ease, and Dean doesn’t know what he ever did without that weight. He presses a brief kiss to Cas’s temple, just because he can, and for once, Sam’s expression isn’t teasing, and he wraps an arm around Eileen’s shoulders as they walk away, heading over to chat with Jody while a series of shouts rise up from the library over Miracle trying to walk on the game board.
and red and pulsing, drooling at the tip. Deans mouth waters, and he vaguely hears a ripping sound, blinking dumbly as Cas nudges something into his fingers. He looks down at the condom packet and understands what Cas wants him to do, taking a moment to tuck the waistband of the boxers under Cas’s balls before he tears the foil packet open, gripping Cas’s cock at the base and rolling the rubber down over his length, a familiar action in reverse. So far, so good.
He put in a call to Rowena, because if anyone outside of the bunker would have the kind of information he needs, it would be her, but she hasn’t answered back. Dean doesn’t know if she’s dead (again?) with the demons throwing coups in hell or if she’s just busy – Jack did say they were reforming everything, after all – but it doesn’t really matter. He just knows he’s running out of time. He’s acutely aware of every hour that slips by, and while he doesn’t know how long exactly it takes four cosmic beings to rewrite the rules of the universe, how long it takes to put every angel and demon who’s ever died back to sleep, to make the Empty quiet again, he does know that odds are on sooner rather than later. He’s tense, braced for the sound of wings, because surely Jack will come back when it’s over. Surely he’ll come back, and he’ll tell Dean that it’s too late.
Miracle dances around his feet when he gets back to the bunker, and he promises her he’ll take her out next time, dangling the leash for her to bark excitedly over before he goes to put the groceries away. He makes dinner – enough for him, and enough for leftovers for Sam if he comes home tonight or Dean tomorrow if he doesn’t – and lays on his bed awhile. He even makes it halfway through filling out the application before the sheer overwhelming sense of “what the fuck even is this” hits him and he has to sit up and grip the edge of the mattress, feet planted firmly on the floor to try and ground himself. Dean knows approximately jack shit about living a normal life. He folds up the application and sets it on his dresser, then sends off two texts, one to Sam’s check-in telling him to have fun, Dean wouldn’t wait up, and one to Jody asking her how the hell to fill out a job ap when your legal status is ‘serial killer/terrorist and also dead, probably.’ Even with Lisa, working construction, he hadn’t applied for it. A friend of hers had given him the job. Hell, for all he knows, Sam might have the answer, and Dean tells himself he’ll ask once the Sam-Eileen lovefest calms down a little. It’s going to be fine.
When he does, he gives a short whistle, and Miracle trots at his heels without difficulty. Dean doesn’t know if she’s been trained to, or if she’d follow him anyway, but it makes the empty feel a little less hollow.
Nothing except him. When he looks down at his hands, or at least the projection of his hands, they’re lit faintly. It’s not some kind of fairy dust glow or anything, but it’s definitely like he’s been illuminated. He runs his hands down the front of his shirt, over the back of his jeans, checking pockets, making sure he’s all here. It’s just a projection, sure, but he’s not only still dressed, he’s still carrying all the shit he always carries. His fingers linger on the shape of his pocketknife for just a moment. He remembers picking it up off the floor where Cas dropped it, how easily Cas had slipped it from his pocket in order to paint a sigil in his own blood because Dean’s heart was too twisted in his chest to do anything. He hadn’t needed to check, had just grabbed it. Like he knew where it would be. Like he remembered seeing Dean put it there and had filed it away in his list of Cas’s Facts About Dean Winchester: a good man, a being of love, a brother, a son, a self-loathing mess. The man who broke an angel, cherished his car, and kept his pocketknife in the same damn pocket every time. Cas remembers eons of time. How much of his memory is dedicated to Dean?
Cas softens, just a little, his smile evening out into something sweeter. “I have you, Dean,” he promises. “Now watch for me, please.”
Dean’s so going to hate himself for this later. He really, really wants that luxury. “We don’t have the juice to pull an angel out of the Empty,” he says. “None of the players who do are going to play ball for you like that, in the name of keeping the peace. But the spell that let me in, it made a gap big enough for souls. An angel couldn’t slip through it.”
Dean gets out of bed, yanking on his dead-guy bathrobe and sliding into slippers. The soft, now-familiar fabric molds to his form as he ventures out into the hallway, wrapping him up. Holding him together. He checks his phone again. No other messages, but alerts for news apps are popping up. No one seems to be saying anything about the missing time, but then, they never really do about the supernatural. It’s just weather reports and tabloid shit and a recipe blog Dean follows posting some grilled chicken thing that he’s probably going to put on his list to try, if only because Sam is still on his case about the red meat.
Miracle nearly ruins the first impression by leaping onto the bed with a force that almost spills Cas’s coffee; he manages to keep the mug upright, thus saving the relationship as she comes nosing over, sniffing him curiously. Cas pets her, and gradually breaks into a smile again. “What’s her name?”
Dean doesn’t miss the smacking kiss Donna lays on Jody’s cheek, or the way Jody blushes, and yeah he knew they were close but this is honestly a new one for him. Jody blushes harder and shoots him a mom look from across the room when she see him grinning at her, and Dean just grins wider and drags Cas in by the back of his shirt, letting his arm drape over his shoulder and winking at Jody while Cas gives him a vaguely exasperated look, although he pointedly doesn’t move away. Jody’s expression of surprise is brief, followed immediately by something Dean recognizes as ‘huh. Go figure,’ before Claire chucks chopsticks at him and tells them to get a room, as if she isn’t sitting so close to Kaia they’re practically sharing a chair. In retaliation, Dean makes a show of kissing Cas, PG-13 and playful, and laughs when he gets pelted with straw wrappers for his trouble. He ends up sitting next to Donna, who alternates between gushing over Cas, gushing over Jody and the girls, and chatting with him about job applications and coming out later in life and just generally shooting the shit while Cas nods along very seriously and answers Alex’s slightly inappropriate questions about being an angel and taking over Claire’s dad’s body in a way that’s mostly tactful but also – because it’s Cas – kind of not. Dean snorts into his beer, and Miracle winds her way around under the table, begging for scraps. Garth has sent Dean more than one text saying that, now that they’re done with all the apocalyptic crap, he should definitely swing by so Cas can meet his namesake. Dean’s already planning a trip to Wisconsin; he kind of wants to see Cas in the snow.
Dean shuts the radio off and carefully ejects the cassette.  His heart is pounding in his chest, but oddly, it’s not terrifying. He smiles to himself, and climbs out of the truck.
Is this what Cas saw in him? Maybe. In part, at least. Dean tries to trace the timeline back; Cas hadn’t said, but Dean wonders if he can pinpoint the moment where things changed for them. The terrifying thing is, he really can’t. He thinks about Cas dying in a barn, the “I love you, I love all of you,” looking away because it was too close, too much. The time he almost said it, in Lucifer’s crypt, his face bloody and beaten, his hands still reaching out to Cas, and how he’d swallowed his tongue because it was too intimate and everything had seemed so wrong. The singlemindedness of Purgatory. Cas rebelling for him.
