Dean swallowed hard. "Of course I like it..."  Goddammit, he liked it way too much, and it scared the shit out of him.
"Yep. Chicken and rice. Hope Coke is okay..."
"Well you know, we don't
"Dean!" Cas exclaimed, giggling nervously
too. I mean, I love a good spanking. But I like using a hand or flogger, maybe a riding crop. Canes and heavy paddles are too much for me. I don't like using them on people either.  I just... I like to keep the painplay confined to the bedroom. I don't like being bruised and sore for days, you know?  I mean, that's just my own personal preference."
"Well," Dean said softly. "That's why I came.  I needed you too. Hey, it's already light outside, and you look exhausted.  Why don't we get some sleep, okay?" He nuzzled against him, breathing in the clean smell of Cas's shampoo mixed with the cologne that drove him so crazy, and he kissed his forehead again.
He caught a glimpse of the self-satisfied smirk on Dean's face before his eyes rolled back, and Cas quickly struggled to get himself under control.
Cas blushed.  "Think I already figured that out..."  With a wave of his hand, the mess was gone.  He pulled Dean back down onto the bed and snuggled in close to his back, tightening an arm around his waist.
Dean sighed.  "He's gonna find out eventually.   We're going to slip up, or I won't be able to snap out of it fast enough..."
"Good... You gonna take your socks off?" Dean grinned as he caught Cas staring, wearing only his boxers and tall black dress socks.
He sighed as he realized he'd just passed the diner he'd been looking for, and he pulled into an empty driveway to turn around.
Dean Winchester slumped against the side of the shower wall, watching the tiniest trickles of pink run down his legs and swirl down the drain. He glanced at the angry line of black stitches on his abdomen and frowned, rubbing at the remaining dried blood to loosen it.
"Well, I'll drag you out," Dean promised.  "And if that doesn't work, I'll just crawl in there with you and we can snuggle and sleep like last time."
it.  He sucked and licked fervently, listening for the times that Dean's breath caught in his throat, and trying his best to make it happen again.
Cas took a seat on the couch and turned the TV on, checking the day's weather forecast as Dean headed off to shower.Though they weren't calling for any snow tonight, it was going to be freezing.
Sure, Dean liked a filthy kiss or two when he was in the throes of passion, but this tender, gentle caressing and kissing was making him absolutely crazy. It felt... weird.  Not
"I guess," Cas sighed again. Just
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his chair.  "Yeah, well thanks, but I don't think so."
"Do you like that? " he asked in a husky voice.
"Deeean!" Cas's panicked voice startled him and he jumped at the shadow in the doorway.   He sat up and squinted hard, only to see Cas standing there completely naked, save for a pair of boxer briefs pulled down around his thighs.
"Legs apart," Dean demanded.
"No worries.  Feel better." Hannah went off to gather her things and Cas set to work emptying the book drop.
"Hmmm," Cas pondered.  "I think you're more of a 'Tiger'..."  He nodded.  "Yes.  That will do.  Now, go on," he urged, pointing up the stairs.
"Thanks," Dean beamed.  "Sometimes I have a vocal, sometimes not.  I like creating my own stuff for the CD, but it's really all about the live gig for me.  The energy is so intense.  I feed off the crowd, to be honest."
Dean waited while more muffled noises and the fluttering of wings filled the airspace between them.
Cas frowned.  "What happened, Sam?"
Cas wiped the tears from his eyes and tacked his brother in a huge bear hug.
Dean shrugged. "I used to volunteer at a shelter, but I haven't been there in a while. I feel bad, but I've just been so busy lately. Anyway, yeah. I've got a friend there and she said they can take him in tonight."
were more than he could take.  He dug his fingertips into Dean's shoulders, desperately clawing for anything to hold on to as Dean bucked his hips faster, spurring him on with a little dirty talk.
"Good.  Now, on your knees," Cas said, holding up the tail and a bottle of lube.
"Hmmph," Cas huffed.
He didn't know how to act with this constant praise and attention.  It was an unfamiliar feeling, and frankly, it was somewhat frightening.  He knew he could safeword and make all of this go away, but for some reason, he couldn't bring himself to say it.
"Y-Yeah," Cas choked, recalling the ten-minute conversation wherein Gabe repeatedly asked if he had protection.  "I did."
"Hello, Dean.  What's wrong?" Immediately,  the angel was at his side, hand on his stomach, glaring at the reddened, crudely-stitched flesh.
"No," Sam stopped him.  "Don't.  We don't have to talk about it if it makes you uncomfortable.  Just... don't worry so much,  alright?  Everything's fine.  Really.  And for fuck's sake, don't go starving yourself."
different people," Cas said shaking his head. "I like watching you talk about it though.  Your face just lights up and you get so excited.  I kind of want to see you in action now."
"Okay, okay," Dean nodded.  "Do you remember what happened?"
"Yeah, that's true," Dean nodded.  "Well, I'll have to take you sightseeing another day.  For now, we're here."
"I guess I need to call him," Cas groaned.  "He had planned to pick me up at the library.  It's so bad outside, I should call it off.  I wish I had given him
Dean had planned on standing up and giving him a little space, but before he knew what was happening, Cas's arms were wrapped around his neck.  He sat there in shock for just a moment, not quite sure what to do as he felt sobs wracking Cas's body.
Cas settled down into that worn leather chair, the one he'd sat in dozens of times before, so often, in fact, that it's very presence was a comfort. He usually hated this part of the consultation.  Though Dr. Mitchell was a professional, she always looked at him with this expectant hope when he came back after a medication change, and if he didn't see any progress, he had a strange fear of letting her down.  He knew it was ridiculous, but his brain on depression could be a bit irrational at times.  Today though, he was hopeful. He wasn't exactly back to his normal self just yet; in fact, he'd had a little breakdown for no good reason just a few days ago.  Still, he was starting to have a few good days, and that was a definite improvement.
"Wow," Gabriel marveled. "I could never even get you out on the ice."
Cas laughed softly.   "I'm not asking you to wear a diaper.  I'm just saying, you might really benefit if you got into a childlike mindset once in a while.  You're physically and emotionally drained. Let me take care of you, give you all the love and praise and encouragement you never got as a child.  A little structure, a little discipline..."
Gently, Dean raised his chin, forcing Cas look him in the eye.  "You're
Dean pressed the'end' button, catching a glimpse of himself in the mirror as he pocketed his phone.
"I love you, Daddy," Dean murmured.   "Can we still go to the zoo tomorrow? "
Cas smiled. "I love you too. Merry Christmas, Dean."
the days of work he'd missed lately had been because he didn't want to deal with Meg.  He knew he should look for a new job, for his sanity's sake, at least, but library jobs were not easy to come by.   Not to mention, switching jobs gave him almost as much anxiety as working under a tyrant for the rest of his life.  He sighed and kicked his blanket off, shivering as he looked out the window at the chilly winter morning.  Everything was covered in a foot of snow, and as far as the eye could see, there was nothing but a blinding whiteness.  He sighed again as he dressed in layers, hoping he could shovel himself out before the plows came by to bury him in again.
"Fuck this miserable fucking day."
Cas grabbed the washcloth, eager and ready to please, and Dean turned around, pressing his forehead to the wall as he motioned for Cas to work on his back.
"Ye... ye..." Cas struggled as his breathing became heavier and faster.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. He wasn't quite sure what to do about this situation.  "Uh.  Thanks.  You okay to sleep now?"
Dean smiled.  "He is. I mean,
Cas looked around the room again, taking in the crowd.  "I... think I'll be okay," he said hesitantly.
"Not yet.  Maybe this weekend."
Cas shook his head. "Nothing."
"What did you do?"
"Shhhhh."
"About what?"
"Pillow," Cas instructed.
being in control," he purred. "
"Mmmph, " Dean mumbled.  He had never been a morning person, and right now he was content to just lie here, feeling warm and protected with Cas and his comfy bear.
Cas nodded weakly, burrowing his face into Dean's shoulder.  "I know you wouldn't. I trust you, Dean. This whole guilt-thing is just so stupid," he groaned.  "I mean, we've done everything
They both jumped guiltily as Gabriel came back into the room, carrying a tray of pie and some steaming mugs.
Cas closed his eyes again, listening to the gentle whooshing sound of Dean's breathing as he tried to fall back to sleep.
"Goodnight, my sweet boys."
"Cas."
Room by room, he searched the enormous house, and Dean could feel his frustration growing as each room turned up empty.  As he crept down the hallway, opening door after door, his heart sank.
Dean swallowed hard again and cleared his throat.   "First thing I want you to do is just relax and let me wash you."
"Mmfff," Dean mumbled, his cheeks packed full of food. He paused to chew as Sam glared at him.   "Why?  This is no different than any other time.  We always run ourselves ragged like this."
"Yeah, well, I wish it were over too, buddy," the demon griped. Quickly, he reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped Cas's pants, then slid them down to his ankles. Cas stepped out of them obediently, mostly because he didn't have a choice, but when Tom gingerly removed his boxer briefs, he finally cracked. He yelped into his gag and struggled against the restraints again, his entire body flushing a bright red as the two men pretended not to notice.  When he'd first come to earth, Castiel couldn't care less about something so petty as the state of his vessel, or a lack of clothing, but as time wore on, he became closer to humans. He'd begun sympathizing, learning their ways. And in all honesty, he felt more human than angel most days. As he stood there stark naked, bound, gagged, and being paraded around on a leash like a dog, he felt nothing but humiliation and rage. Still, he knew couldn't give his captors the satisfaction of seeing him break. He took a moment to collect himself, steeled his jaw again, then stepped into the shower as directed.
"Okay," Cas agreed.   "Bowl in the sink first."
It was several hours later when Cas finally stirred, and he groggily glanced at the alarm clock by Gabe's bed.
He felt his legs being spread, one hooking over the front seat, the other resting on the back dash, and Dean's hands sliding down the inside of his thighs. The strangest things were happening to his body and it was all so overwhelming - his arms prickled, and he was panting heavily. He felt a little lightheaded, and this warm, tingly feeling was swirling in his abdomen. Most embarrassingly, he was trembling, and he wasn't entirely sure why.
Dean glanced away as he felt his face burning.
Dean grinned.  "Stay here a sec."  He got out of the vehicle and opened the back doors, then returned to the passenger side carrying a six-foot long, bent-wood toboggan.  He motioned over his shoulder to the enormous snow-covered hill and beamed at Cas.  "You in?" he yelled.
Cas smiled. "Don't apologize."
"It's almost over," Dean greeted them sullenly. He was sitting on the floor in front of the coffee table, mindlessly rolling his car back and forth.
"Maybe I should just forget it.  It was stupid to think I can do this..."
"That's it. Just relax," Cas whispered, running his fingers through his hair. "Everything is okay."
He could hear a voice faintly calling to him.  Everything sounded like he was under water - muffled and distorted, and difficult to understand.
, he happily agreed.
"Yeah," Cas looked away, certain that his face was on fire.
"Alright.  You can do this," he whispered.  He opened his eyes and immediately yelped, spinning around in surprise to see someone watching in the mirror behind him.
"Nah. You must have needed the rest."
Cas bit down on his bottom lip to stifle a yelp as Dean's tongue began licking and prodding him in a very intimate place. While he was aware of the various ways humans copulated, this was not something he had anticipated, nor would he have expected to find it so pleasurable. Over and over Dean's tongue circled and lapped at him, even dipping inside from time to time as Cas tried his best to stay quiet. When a cold glob of lube was smeared between his cheeks, he jumped, and he groaned loudly when Dean's finger breached him.
me?" Cas asked, cocking his head slightly and narrowing his eyes as if he were trying to decide whether or not this was some sort of cruel joke.
"Sure thing!"  Dean waved the waiter back over. "We'll each have the carbonara, maybe the bruscheta to start," he looked at Cas for confirmation, and Cas shrugged noncommittally.  "And do you have anything in a Gavi?"
"Earplugs. Trust me.
gotta do is stand there." He picked up a washcloth with his free hand and soaped it up, then carefully began rubbing Cas down with it.
Dean arched into his touch a bit more eagerly than he had anticipated, and Cas stroked him a few more times in rapid succession. A tingly rush of warmth rushed over his body, and he shivered.
"I love you too."  Dean snuggled in close, and he sighed contentedly as Cas started the DVD.  "Thank you, " he whispered.
"No," Dean said, walking a little closer to check him out. "You look fucking
Cas jumped as Gabriel gave him a swift kick under the table.  "Oh!  Um.  C-Cas.  It's Cas.  From the library?"
"Late night booty call?"  Gabriel was leaning on his car with his arms folded, leering expectantly at him.
Cas was still busy looking around at the other people filing into their assigned rows, but he nodded bravely.  "It's not too bad I guess.  Can you tell me now why we're here?"
"Cas, you are so damn adorable... Come here, sweetheart," Dean said, nuzzling until Cas lifted his chin to kiss him, at the same time coaxing him to straddle his lap.
"Blueberry pie.  It doesn't really go with Italian food, but it kept me busy."
Cas blushed as Dean grinned at him. "Yours are just as good..."
"I thought I'd come by to help translate that book Sam was talking about yesterday," Cas said, running his fingers through his hair as if air travel had mussed it.
Cas nodded thoughtfully.  "Okay..."
"No you wouldn't have.  You're far too sweet and considerate to do that."
"Wow," Cas nodded, only halfway following.  "So... You really have to
"You like that idea?  You're kinkier than I expected," Dean laughed.   "Hmm.  Yes, I think I'll cuff your hands above your head and then tease you until you're just on the verge of coming.  Then I'll flip you over and get you up on your knees...  get that gorgeous ass up so you're nice and vulnerable for me while I take you from behind."
Dean laughed.  "I
"Fine by me, " Cas said. "What do you think,  Dee?"
"Sure," Cas shrugged.   Now that he was starting to get comfortable, he definitely didn't want to go home just yet.  "What do you have in mind?"
?" Cas asked guiltily.
Dean raised an eyebrow and grinned, waiting for a moment to see if Cas would put the pieces together. When he just continued to stare, Dean finally spoke again.
believe that.  And it's not like I don't
embarrassing, you'd be
"Well
Gabriel narrowed his eyes and shook his head. "Liar.  Dammit, I shouldn't have told you that earlier," he said.  "You've already said something and you don't even know the story yet. Bastard."
"What would you like to do after dinner?" Cas asked as he sat down across from him with his coffee. "I think we should stay inside today, but tomorrow we can go out if you'd like. Maybe to the zoo?"
Again, Dean coaxed him up, this time all the way up on his knees as he sucked tiny red welts across his shoulder. "Still feel like this is bad or dirty?" he asked softly.
I know, I know.  It's been forever.  Life has been kicking my ass. On the bright side, the chapters for this one are 8-10x longer than my usual, which is why they're taking longer these days. I never intended for this one to go on so long - hell, I think I've hit 'novel' status with this one - but here we are!  I haven't responded to the comments on the last chapter yet, but each one damn near made me cry.  So glad you're all still liking it. Thanks, all.
They both made their way to their respective seats and Dean started up the van again.  "I really don't want to take you home yet," he murmured.  "But unfortunately I have to be on the road early."
!  In my experience, humans get angry when you observe them during copulation!"
Dean nodded. "...That looks so good on you," he breathed, running a finger over the front of the collar. "Do you like it?"
"What?" Gabriel spun around on his heel and frowned. "Slipped it to you? How? Did Dean give it to you?"
It was nearly two hours later when he finally found Dean.  He hadn't been at any of the local bars, as Cas had expected. He had nearly given up searching, returning home to the bunker only to find the Impala still parked in the garage.  Dean was curled up in the backseat, fast asleep, his tiny Matchbox car clutched in his hand.
"You know, maybe we need to make you a doctor's appointment," Gabriel said quietly.  "It's been a while since you checked in.  I know you're a generally anxious person, but it feels like it's been getting worse lately.  And with the depression rearing it's ugly head again... I know you hate it, but I also know what happens if you wait too long."
"That's okay," Cas whispered. He bent down, tentatively tonguing at the slit of Dean's weeping cock and making him let out a long, shaky exhale. "Ohh Dean," he breathed.  "You've been so patient with me." Awkwardly, he slipped the tip of Dean's cock into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it.
"Oh my god," Cas simpered, hiding his face in Dean's shoulder. "I can't believe that I'm into this kind of thing... A year ago, I'd have laughed you into next week for even suggesting it.  No, wait. I would have crawled into a hole and died of embarrassment."
"Can I come in?" Dean finally asked, a hint of a smile playing at the corner of his lips as he watched Cas in amusement.
Cas grinned and yawned at the same time. "We don't usually talk about it.  It's just that he saw some stuff my therapist sent home and it kind of came up... Of course, then he came home with enough lube and condoms for an army."
"You did. You were almost completely asleep, and you mumbled it," Dean grinned, watching Cas's face redden.
"Oh my god, why did I tell you that?  Wait, you
"You're beautiful," Dean whispered.
Though Cas didn't feel much like going out the last few days, he was also pretty eager to see Dean again. "I-I'd like that," he managed, suddenly shy again.  "Hopefully I can get my ass out of bed that day..." he sighed.
"What? Why?"
"So... You a little anxious tonight?"
"Hey, did you make this pie?" he called from the kitchen.
With two cups of hot chocolate and a small plate of cookies, they headed to one of the blue padded benches with a view of the skating rink.
"Look," Sam said, taking a deep breath.  "I'm not sure I totally get this whole thing, but what if I um...  Pretended to be little too?"
"Yes.  Your favorite," Cas nodded and smiled.  He pulled the shirt over Dean's head, then quickly ran a comb through his hair.  "Come on, then," Cas said, grabbing his hand and leading him back to the bedroom area.  "Are you going to sleep in my bed or your own tonight?"
"Cas, what are you doing? " Dean finally managed.
"Merry Christmas Eve, sweetheart," Dean said as he gently pulled away. "Man, it smells good in here. Apple pie?"
"No," Dean sighed. He wrapped his arms around Cas's torso, then began stroking firmly up and down his back, making him moan and arch his back."I'm not mad at you. I'm just a little worried tonight. I wouldn't freak out as much if you'd decided to take it yourself, but I'm pissed that someone forced it on you. Who gave you that pill, Cas?"
Cas shrugged.  "I don't do it that often. But yeah.  Sometimes, I guess."
"Yeah, In a sec."
"You wanna go watch some Netflix?" he asked tentatively as he entered the living room with a simple cheese tray and a few sodas.
"No," he whimpered to himself.  "No. No, no, no, ohh. Oh! Shit!  Shit!"  He instinctively reached a hand to his crotch, as if by hiding it, Dean might not notice.
"Good." He wound a fist in Cas's tie and yanked him closer. "Put the stick down and come to the car," he hissed in his ear. He let go and turned, striding quickly toward the door.
"Well," Dean said as he finally caught his breath, "I think it's great that you guys are so close. I bought Sammy his first condoms and he's still never forgiven me for the embarrassment."
Cas nodded breathlessly.  "Yesss," he hissed, feeling Dean's hard cock twitching against his own through their boxer shorts.
Cas beamed.   "Good.   Why don't you sit down and color for a bit, while I get your treat?"  He pointed to the coffee table where a big pile of coloring books and crayons lay.
Cas shrugged.  "The phone hasn't rung.  Meg is supposed call here by seven o'clock if we are."
"Yeah. I felt a little guilty this morning but I'm over it. I'm kind of
Cas giggled nervously. "It's the most important layer!"
Cas threw back his shot and got up to refill their glasses. "What's bothering you? "
"It's not your fault," Dean sighed.  "I told you, it was bound to happen."
"Aww.  Well, we'll head to bed after we're done eating, okay?  Um.  Obviously I don't have a guest room or anything, so you can take the bed tonight. I can sleep here," he suggested casually.
," he purred as he felt Cas's erection rise to meet him.   He shifted his weight and Cas moaned loudly as Dean began rocking his hips, rubbing their straining cocks against each other.
"Well," Dean sighed.  "That sucks.  I guess I'd better call off the show tonight.  Hopefully I can make it home..."
Cas lowered his head bashfully, feeling his face redden at the kind words of praise.
"Huh," Dean sighed.  "It's still fuckin' weird.  But I guess we can try it, if that's what you're into."
Cas sighed and nervously drummed his fingers against the table as the waiter brought their wine.  "You might as well know, I guess.  I'm on sick leave for the next few months. Just this whole depression/anxiety thing."
Dean couldn't help but smile.  "I love that you're feeling braver lately."
"Yeah.  That's Gabe.  He lives in the unit upstairs.  And don't let him fool you, he's not
"Ugh," Cas groaned. "Don't remind me. I don't know what I was thinking. They're horrible.  I should have returned them while I still had time."
"Oh!  I didn't actually think you'd be home.  Where's your car?"
Cas nodded weakly, and an arm slipped around his waist, guiding him back to the staff area.
it," Dean smirked.  "You were totally getting off on it...  you dirty little exhibitionist, you."
Cas shrugged. "I don't know. We haven't really talked about it yet. I imagine he'll be spending part of it with his brother though. They're really close."
Cas smiled and shook his head, and selected the movie before settling down onto to the bed next to him. "Can I get you anything else before we start? Do you want popcorn or..."
"Wanna go first?  Or do you want to go together?" he asked, once he'd managed to reel himself back in.
"Good boy, " Cas whispered. "Come lie down."  He pulled him down onto the bed and wrapped his arms around Dean's trembling body.  "Shhhh, it's okay."
Cas nodded in agreement.  "Soo... speaking of work, what was that all about back there?  With Anna?"
"Hello, Dean."
Gabriel paused and shot him a dirty look.  "Seriously?  God, I have
Dean glanced up and tried to stifle a sigh.  He was so fucking tired of teaching Cas how to do things, but it was the least he could do.  After all, it was his fault he was in this predicament to begin with.  He tossed the remote control aside, and took a final, wistful glance at the television before standing up and marching Cas into the laundry room.
Dean balked again. "No. If Sammy can't have McDonald's, I can't either."
The tears were coming faster now, and Dean didn't know how to stop them.  He felt stupid and awkward and ashamed. He was a grown man!  Admitting that he needed this was ridiculous and embarrassing, and to top it off, now he was
"Oh," Cas said. "If that makes you more comfortable..." He closed his eyes as if he were focusing hard, and his clothing disappeared, reappearing folded neatly on top of Dean's dresser.
"Well," Crowley continued, completely unfazed,"it's my understanding that some people pay good money for that sort of thing. Ungrateful as always." He turned his head, motioning to a spot in the corner, where his throne suddenly materialized, and he took his time strolling over to it before finally taking a seat. "For what it's worth, it
Gabriel sighed happily as he watched Dean slip an arm around Cas's shoulder and whisper in his ear before planting a tiny kiss on his temple.  "Aren't they just the cutest?" he murmured.
Dean grimaced. "Remember when I asked you if you ice skated?"
"Uh uh.  It's just you and me here," Dean continued.  "No need to look around.  Besides, if you haven't noticed, you have a
"Whoa, whoa, whoa.  The collar I can maybe deal with, but
"Hey, Cassie.  Dean," he nodded. "Glad you could make it."
Dean stepped up to the window and ordered for three. As they patiently waited for their food, Dean took out his phone and scrolled for a minute.
Cas's jaw dropped and his body froze for a moment as he tried to process this new feeling. Slowly, Dean withdrew and thrusted again, snapping Cas out of his stupor.
Cas cued it up on Netflix and settled in next to him.  "There we go."
Almost immediately, his phone rang, and he rolled his eyes as he punched the 'talk' button.
"Same to you," Dean smiled.
"Okay, Dee," Sammy smiled.  He picked up the book and handed it over.  "Dinosaurs."
Dean smiled tenderly. "You're having more good days than bad lately.  As long as it's two steps forward, it's okay to have one step back every once in a while.  Baby needs to tell the depression to shut it's lying mouth, okay?"
"Hey, I don't mean to interrupt, but I'm bringing the food over," Gabriel interjected. "Have a seat. We'll talk while we eat."
Cas sighed and kicked his blankets off, scowling both at his brother and the chill in the room.  "You're such a pain in the ass," he sulked.  "I'm fine.  You know how depression is.  I'm just a little down today for no good reason.  It'll probably pass."
As Cas shot him thankful look, Gabriel smiled and gave a little wink before heading back to the living room. He sighed happily to himself as he flopped down onto the couch.
Dean didn't even give him time to finish his sentence before he pounced.  "Talk dirty to me."  He licked his lips in anticipation. Now
Cas shook his head. "Not yet."
have a guilty pleasure.  Now you
"I'm glad you like it.  You look sleepy.  Why don't we get under the blankets?  We can still watch your movie."
As much as Dean was ready to go, he knew he still had to tread lightly. "Cas,"he paused as he tried to compose himself. He sure as hell never thought hed be asking this question.   "Do you know what BDSM is?" he asked awkwardly.
Dean was tearing up a bit himself now.  "Cas," he said gently, lowering himself onto the floor.  "Look, I know you feel bad right now, but this feeling will pass.  We've just been through so much in the past few years..." he fumbled.   "It's okay to cry it out, but you can't just give up."
!  I feel so stupid and useless, and I hate having to ask you about every little thing, and..." A loud sob suddenly escaped his throat and the tears started spilling over.  "I hate this."
"Well don't worry, it's not just you.  But she's going through everyone's shelves and if a single book is out of place... Well shit, see for yourself."
Sam took a deep breath and closed his eyes.   He
," he gestured.  "Sammy and I - we both need you."  He brought their lips together once more in a long, lingering kiss, and when he finally rolled off to his side, he was relieved to see a hint of a smile on Cas's lips.
Sam shot him a peculiar look.  "Um.  Cas?  Are you sure you're okay?"
Dean stifled a sophomoric giggle. "Can I? I can't wait to have some of your cherry pie," he teased, licking his lips suggestively.
Slowly Cas calmed, and minutes later he was happily snuggled up to Dean's chest.  He sighed and closed his eyes.   "You smell good, " he murmured. "And your body is still warm."
"Mr. Novak!" Dr. Mitchell's smiling face greeted him as he walked into the office.  "It's been a few weeks since I last saw you.  How are you feeling?"
"Thursday's good, if you're sure. Thanks.  Can I bring anything?"
"Okay.  Why do you think that is?  It's something most people do at some point in their lives.  Most couples in relationships have sex, right?  You said you want to do it, so why is it scary to you?"
"Holy
"Yeah, yeah.  So I assume it was that Rachel girl from the bar last night?  She was hot."
"Not too bad," he said thoughtfully. "Better overall. I still have panic attacks, but they're mostly situational... I'm not feeling anxious all the time anymore like I was."
he mimicked."Fuck's sake, Cas! I knew there was a bad boy in there somewhere, but you damn near killed me talking like that."
"Okay, baby. Let's just listen to the music and rest until this passes," Dean murmured, softly kissing his forehead.  "It probably won't be much longer."
plan."
As Dean pushed into him, Cas made a strangled noise, a pathetic little groan-turned-whimper, and Dean quickly slapped a hand over his mouth to muffle the sound.
Cas nodded. "Thanks, Charlie." He took a few steps and swayed unsteadily. "I... I feel dizzy.  I need to lie down..."
"Hey Cas, " Dean replied without missing a beat. He closed his laptop, feeling pretty damn thankful that Cas hadn't shown up fifteen minutes later. He slammed down his shot of whiskey before he spoke again. "What's up?"
?" Cas fumbled, pulling away to stare at him.
"Good," Sam smiled.   "A few days will be good for both of us.  Let the vacation begin!   But for now, I'm heading to bed.   I'm wrecked.  You guys want to go for breakfast in the morning?"
"Y-Yes," Cas rasped, opening his eyes to see his own cock, half-hard and bobbing with Dean's every thrust.
. You've just been closing yourself off for so long, it's going to take some time and practice.  You're going to be fine.  Just treat this like you would when you and I go to dinner.  I mean, it's the first time you've gone out, so hopefully there won't be too much pressure.  Just talk about shit!  Your job.  Your cat.  Books.  Movies. Your incredibly handsome older brother."
It was Christmas Eve night, and as usual, Cas was baking their traditional selection of pies rather than Christmas cookies. Despite Gabriel's insistence on doing all the cooking, Cas usually managed to at least wrestle away dessert duty. With the dishes taken care of, he turned his attention to wiping down the counters, and he had hadn't quite finished when the doorbell rang.
"Hi again," Dean said politely.  "I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself earlier. I'm not a very good morning person.  I'm Dean," he said, holding out a hand to Gabriel.
Gabriel shook his head. "No, we're about the same chest size, you just wear all of your shit loose. Humor me," he said, shoving the shirt at him.
"No, it wasn't Dean! God! Some guy in the restroom. I'm so freakin' naive I thought it was a mint at first. How stupid is that? Anyway, he kinda shoved it in my mouth and somehow I swallowed it before I even realized what had happened."
Dean frowned.  "Shit.  You got anywhere you need to be today, Cas?"
"Where did that come from?" he finally asked.
"Dean?  What are you thinking about? "  Cas asked softly.
bad.  Maybe someday...  For now, you should make me a copy of this," he said softly.
come from?"
to do, but the anxiety stops you.   So, if we can do them together... I mean, I kind of like being the one you trust to..."  He took a deep breath and kissed Cas's cheek.  "Look, you're not seeing anyone else, are you?"
get that way when you talk about music too.  I'd love for you to come.  Any time you're ready, you just let me know.  You can hang out in the booth with me.  Then you won't have to deal with the crowd so much."
"Fourteen."
"Good," he whispered encouragingly, his breath hot against Dean's lips.  "Look at me."
Cas closed his eyes for a second and breathed deeply.
"What?" Cas frowned.
Cas nodded sympathetically. "Perhaps you need to try flirting with a male."
"You know, a cheap motel would have been fine.  Where are we anyway?"
"Come here," he said softly, offering a shaky hand to Cas and pulling him to his feet.
"I just got a lead on the..." he paused, staring in confusion at the scene in front of him.  His older brother was watching cartoons, snuggling a teddy bear, and surrounded by a pile of coloring books. "Umm.  I'll come back later," he said, almost worriedly as he turned around and slammed the door shut.
Grunting and growling each time Cas moaned, he sped up, working him faster with both his fist and his mouth, making Cas's entire body jerk and thrash as his hands desperately gripped the sheets.
"Good. Ready, Zeppelin?"
"Go... To what?"
"You're very good at talking dirty," he finally squeaked. "I... I'm sorry I'm so awkward at this."
," he laughed weakly.
"Must be nice to be a cat,"  Cas yawned at the purring ball of fur curled up at his side.  "I hope you appreciate all I do for you. I didn't even feed myself, but I dragged my ass out of bed early to feed
"I think 'Sammy' is cute," Gabriel chimed in as he started carving the turkey. "Especially since you're a towering giant."
Dean smiled, pulling him in closer to his chest.
Cas stretched to reach the remote control that was just inches from his grasp on the coffee table, and Dean moved with him, unwilling to lose his warmth even for a moment.  The TV clicked on and Cas found a local station just in time for the weather report.
"Mmmhmm," Dean hummed, giving him a little kiss on his forehead. "Me too.  I still feel like I should bring something else, but your brother is stubborn. I picked out a few bottles of wine. Sammy will bring them in the morning."
"I get back Sunday morning.  I have this fashion stuff all week, then a party Saturday night.  You know, since I only work a few days a week, and you're not working right now... maybe I can see you before Friday?" Dean asked, suddenly cringing at how desperate his voice sounded.
"Yeah.  Just embarrassed."
"Well I don't really
"Relax, were not done,"Gabe said as he drew closer to roll up his sleeves. "Yeah. Three-quarter length sleeves..." He mused. "Take off your socks and put your loafers back on."
:::::::::::::::::::
He had taken Cas
"Yeah,  Joe," Dean said, putting his earpiece in. They're getting restless out there, so I'm going to play a little music. Just give me the cue when they're ready to start."
"Hmm," Cas hummed to himself. "Would you consider being intimate with a male again? Not 'sex' per se, but..."
"Shut
Cas giggled to himself, taking way more delight in Gabriel's discomfort than he probably should.  "Well," he said, sobering. "You might as well tell us all about it now."
"Also, since you won't be speaking, if you need to safeword, or if you want to stop, I want you to bark three times. I'll start calling you by your real name again and it'll be over, okay?"
Dean paused, his stern demeanor suddenly cracking. "Baaaby," he said softly. "You don't really think I would demand to fuck you like this, do you?"
"I'm sorry, Bumblebee.   I just needed to talk to Sammy for a minute."
"Castiel," Cas blushed.  "My full name is Castiel.  After the angel Cassiel, I guess. Ironically, I think they got it a bit wrong," he smiled.  "I shouldn't complain.  My parents were great, but they were... strict.  I guess I always have this little nagging thought in the back of my head that sex is dirty and wrong and.. ugh.  I mean, masturbating was sinful, sex was sinful.  Sex was between a man and a woman, of course, and for procreation only.  I don't
They didn't speak a word during the movie; Dean was content to snuggle and watch his chick flick, and Cas was sucked into the plot much more than he expected. The snacks were long gone by the time the film ended, and with a stomach full of cheese, crackers, and fruit, Cas was sleepy and content.
Dean huffed as he put the cars back into the container, grumbling to himself as he pondered what had just happened.  He'd actually been enjoying himself, and that creeped him out a little.
Usually Cas would be slightly nervous with Dean's arm around him, and while he
Cas nodded, wrinkling his nose.
kinda shitty. But I was okay. I mean, honestly, it
Cas nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard a voice coming from his living room.
Cas nodded, taking a deep breath.
Rolling his eyes, Cas tossed his own shirt to the floor and slipped into Gabriel's. Much to his surprise, he was able to button it, though it was a much snugger fit than he'd like.
Dean nodded breathlessly, eyes so intently locked on Cas's it made him dizzy.  "On one condition," he whispered.
"Oh really?" he asked, bemused. "Actually, you said it first. A few days ago. The night I came home from New York."
,"  Dean laughed, not quite letting him go yet.  "If you wanted to kiss me so badly, you could have just said so," he teased.
"Dean, I'm not good at this," Cas protested.
"Dean... I'm..." He was trying so hard to form a sentence but the words kept slipping from his mind. All he could think of was
"M'not gonna, unless you tell me to.  But let's do this right..." He crawled to the top of the bed and unknotted the tie, freeing Cas's aching arms. "Better?" he asked, gently rubbing his wrists, and bringing each one to his lips to kiss them.
," Cas yelped.  "I'm-I'm at
Dean wasn't sure what to make of this admission.   Cas was still clinging to him like he was never letting go, and it frightened him how fragile he suddenly felt.  He was always so stoic, even in the face of tragedy, and this clingy, weepy side of him was startling, to say the least.
," he drawled, "Pick a day and invite him for dinner. Just let me know when."
It had been a long time since he'd sat sullenly on the floor of the shower like this.  When he and Gabriel shared a house, this is where he'd go to cry on bad depression days.  There were times he was inexplicably teary, and as much as he tried to stop them, the stupid tears would fall anyway.  He hated worrying Gabe, especially when he didn't even know
Tentatively, Sam opened the lid, smiling as he realized the bucket was full of tiny Legos.  "Awesome, " he murmured sheepishly.
"B-but what about Sam?"
Cas looked up at him with those pleading blue eyes, and Dean melted, just a bit.
"Good.  That's what you want.  So you just want to lace them up nice and snug so that they support your ankles. He took his time loosening and re-tightening the laces until they were laced up almost to the top.  "How's that?"
"That's because we're not playing right now.   I'm doing this because I've wanted to for a long time."
Cas's face contorted in shame.  "No.  I don't think I've left the house since I last saw you."
Sam thought for a moment. "Um.  Do you have a rum and Coke?"
"Relax," Dean laughed.  "Im just teasing you.  Let's finish our pizza, and we can share the bed.  We'll
"You're crying."
"I think so too.  I wish all of my patients had your support system. Are you friends? Or still dating?"
wanted to make out with you."
"Sammy's not getting McDonald's?"
.  Comforting and calming him had felt way more rewarding than a quick roll in the sheets. That wide-eyed, hopeful naivety just made him want to hold him and protect him from the world. Not that Cas needed protecting - he was navigating the world with extreme anxiety and still kicking it's ass. Cas might not see it, but as far as Dean was concerned, he was brave as
"The tree," he murmured stupidly. "I've seen it on TV, but I've always wanted to see it in person..."
"I don't know.  He said he needed some alone time."
"It's nice.  Nicely acidic.  Bright and a little citrusy.  I had some doubts, but the bubbles really work with it.  Good choice," he said proudly.  "What do you think?"
kinky," Dean suddenly blurted. "You must think I'm the world's biggest pervert."
Dean might be resistant, but Cas knew what was best for his boy.  And tonight, he decided, he'd had enough.   Dean was going to swallow his pride and submit one way or another.
"It feels weird..."
"Pleeease!" Cas was nearly in tears at Dean's soft rejection. He was already pressed tightly to Dean's body, but he needed
"Yeah...  I'm pretty comfortable too," Dean sighed. "Want to go back to sleep?"
"Borrow, steal, same difference.  Want me to take you to get your car later?"
need this.
"Be down shortly." Cas answered before Dean could even think about forming a sentence. He was never sure how Dean might react when he was startled from littlespace.  "Well, Bumblebee, want to get into your big clothes now?"
Dean paused, the glass just inches from his lips. "Define 'been with'," he said before taking a long swig from his glass.
"Yeah," Dean grinned.  "I think I can."
Cas just smiled and returned with a plate, which he set down in front of him.  "Would you like ketchup or barbecue sauce?"
Sorry, guys.  I've been slacking a little. Mostly because, um, TORONTO SUPERNATURAL CONVENTION this past weekend!  I think I died a dozen times...  Oh, ye gods, I thought Jensen would make me all stupid and fangirl-y but I was okay.  And then...  holy *shit*, Jared.  Holy shit.   I mean, I love them all, but Jared left me stuttering and shaky for a half hour afterward.  Good lord.  I am a grown woman!  WTF is wrong with me?
"I think so," Cas nodded.  "A little less anxious.  Not so numb."
"You two really
"You ready to be mine now?" he asked in a breathless, throaty voice.
"Shhh."
Cas bit back a smile at Dean's tipsy admission. "Of course you are."
"I um... I'm sure Dean told you I'm a bit of an anxious person," he laughed nervously. "But I'm excited to see Dean in action."
"Wait," Cas interrupted. "So you get turned on by... Do you want to cage
"Nah, everything's just about done.  Just waiting on the turkey and Sam. Maybe give him a call.  See if he'll stop and get some makeup to cover that love-bite on your neck," he said casually.  "Someone couldn't wait for dinner, huh, Dean?"
"Um," Cas fumbled, his face reddening again.  "Kind of. There are things I'd
"Hmmm?"
"Oh," Dean's face fell slightly.  "You're really just helping me into my sleep clothes, huh?  Okay, okay.  Honestly, I'm too tired anyway."
.  Please."
"No, no," Cas quickly shook his head.  "It's not... Uh.  It's not necessarily a sexual thing.  A lot of people enjoy completely platonic pet play, no sex required."
"Besides, he's right, you know," Dean continued.  "We couldn't wait to get our hands on each other."
anything..."
to get you out more...  Well hey, none of that matters," he said quickly, feeling Cas's unease growing.  "He's just a guy.  A guy that is apparently interested in you.  Call him, Cassie."  He nudged Cas's cell phone closer to him.
"Gabe!" Cas called as he flung open the door to Gabriel's apartment.  "We're here!" He strolled to the kitchen with Dean in tow, both of them with their hands full of pies.
"Yeah.  Italian is good."
Dean Winchester had daddy issues.
Dean grinned.  "
"Would you like me to leave?"
Dean hissed through his teeth and closed his eyes as Cas brought him close to the edge.  "Wait," he suddenly whispered, and Cas paused, staring up at him with his mouth full of cock. "Stay very still and relax your throat for me."
Sam laughed and Dean groaned as the opening credits to 'A Christmas Story' began to roll. "I make Dean watch this every year!"
"Continue what?
As the van crawled to a stop along the side of a quiet, deserted highway, Cas frowned at Dean in confusion.
Dean pointed to the nightstand drawer, and seconds later, he quivered as he felt a slick finger tracing around his entrance. "Ahh, shit.  On second thought, I don't know if I can do this," he suddenly blurted.
"Why wouldn't I be okay?"
Again, Dean positioned himself behind him, and leaned Cas over the table, taking his time lining up the shot. "Just like that," he whispered against Cas's ear. "Mmm, that's good. Nice and easy..." he nuzzled the side of his cheek this time and let his teeth graze his earlobe. Cas's eyes closed and he let out a desperate little squeak.
"Don't stop," Cas hissed.
like that..."
"I... I think so." Cas put his arms down at his side and continued on, taking tiny little penguin-waddle steps.
"Oh?" Cas asked.
.  As cheesy as that sounds..."
too."
Cas nodded. "Okay. But I want... I
, Sam.  You have to get completely out of your own mind and into the mindset of a child.  He'll be able to tell if you're faking," Cas said.  "Are you familiar with BDSM practices?  Dominants and submissives and things like that?"
"Oh, don't start that," Dean warned. "You know I'm not just putting up with you."
"Not really, since you took ecstasy," Dean laughed. "Tonight wasn't what I expected either.  I'm just glad it went relatively well, all things considered."
Dean looked over at Cas, still grinning from ear to ear. "You're amazing, you know that?" he whispered.
Dean nodded sympathetically. "Yeah. It always seems easier to learn new things when you're a kid. You take falls easier too," he smiled. He took a tentative sip from his steaming cup.
Gabriel paused mid-wipe and his features softened.  "Aww, Cassie.  You really like this guy, don't you?"
"Just try again.  Please?"
A little squeak arose from Cas's throat and he felt himself blushing again. "Dean... I... think I know what 'continuing' means and I... Ohh!" he moaned as Dean's right hand inched seductively up the inside of his thigh.
Cas swallowed hard, but he didn't speak, so Dean continued slowly sliding his shirt up, pausing ever inch or so to kiss the newly exposed skin.
::::::::::::
"Is he..."
"I don't know!" Cas grumbled in frustration.  "A normal amount?  I don't know anything about human mating rituals, Dean!  I've been around for thousands of years, but I've never seen humans..." he paused.  "Getting
"Few months," he said, slamming back his drink and motioning for another. "Just keep striking out with the ladies lately. I don't get it. I'm charming, right? "
"Damn," Gabe said sympathetically.  "Sorry, bro.  I just came down to borrow some milk."
Dean tightened his arm around his waist as he tenderly kissed his forehead.  "Well, if not, it's their loss."
"Whatever," Tom knelt and began removing Cas's shoes and socks, to little resistance. "Alright. You can behave and I can remove the cuffs to get your coat and shirt off, or you can be a dick and I'll just cut them off. Your choice. Cuffs off?" he asked as he stood.
Pulp - Something Changed - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFSdf_VeYG0
"Good.  Now let's start fresh. Take a step toward me. You can still reach the railing, and I have your other hand, okay?"
The seats continued to fill around them, and Cas just sat there, eyes closed, slowly breathing in Dean's scent.  He'd almost forgotten this smell; the smell of soap mixed the leather and spicy bay rum scent of his aftershave. He hadn't been this close to him since they fell asleep together, and right now, that scent and that warmth were keeping him grounded.
"Oh stop," Sam laughed.  "You guys are adorable. If I had known you were into each other, I would have pushed you into it sooner.  Where is he today anyway?"
my job, it's just her that makes me miserable."
"Do me a favor," Dean said softly.  "Say the months of the year backwards."
"Heaven."
"You're such a sweet boy," Cas murmured gently.   "Look, you go down to the garage, and I'll ask Sammy if he wants any McDonald's, okay?"
"Well that's interesting..."
"Dean?" Cas called, frowning as he crawled out of bed. His pants and boxers were still on the floor where he'd tossed them the night before, so he slid his shorts on and padded barefoot to the kitchen. Assuming Dean had gone out for something, he decided to pour himself a glass of orange juice and wait, but as he took a seat at the tiny bistro table, a note caught his eye.
"Okay.  As long as you're alri..."
"Ohh, Dean.  My penis is so erect for you," Cas hummed sincerely.
"N-no!  No.  I'm not.  I'm f-fine," Cas stuttered.
"What the fuck?  Get in here before Sammy sees you!" he grumbled. "What's wrong?"
"Yes!" Dean encouraged. "Perfect! Can you keep going?"
else knows," he grumbled, rolling his eyes, "I casually mentioned to Cas earlier that I was with a guy once and he's losing his shit."
"Nah, I feel fine now." Cas took a bite of his lasagna and hummed happily. "You know, Dean's taken me to a few fancy Italian places, but no one's lasagna even comes close to yours..." He paused, noticing a white bakery box on the counter. "You're happy to have me home, aren't you?"
Dean couldn't hold back any longer. He bucked his hips upward, throwing Cas off balance and wrapping his arms around his waist as he sucked teasing little marks onto his neck.
Cas looked up at his, eyes dull and tired as he blinked a few times. "Yeah," he nodded sheepishly.  "This is how I normally sleep when I'm alone. In just my boxers."
"Don't tempt me," Dean purred.  "Wait... are you
"What's that green one over there?" Cas asked, pointing.
"Are you awake? " Cas whispered loudly.
"Yeah?  What other kinky things do you know about?" Dean asked slyly.
him.   He had no idea how he'd managed to roll over in the tight quarters, but all he wanted to do was lie there, reveling in how safe and warm he felt.  It seemed silly at his age, but he'd never been
Dr. Mitchell's eyes widened just a bit as she stared at him.   "Wow.  That's great. You had relegated yourself to never dating last time we talked, I believe."
"Cas!  Wake up!"
"Oh god, no!"
"Lie down," he said gruffly, tightening his grip on the leash and yanking it hard when Cas hesitated. He grabbed the dangling cuff and raised Cas's arm above his head, fastening it to the headboard. From his pocket, he produced a second pair of cuffs, which he immediately snapped onto Cas's free wrist, securing it the same way. Once his arms were secured, he removed the collar and continued.
"Riiight.  Dr. Sexy," Cas sighed.  "Of course."  He settled in behind Dean and continued gently stroking him as they watched together, every so often giving him a little scratch on the chin or behind the ears.
"No doubt," Cas sighed.
"Ohhh," Cas gasped. "Y-Yes.  Please."
"Cas, this is going to sound weird, but can you please get naked too? I'm feeling kind of vulnerable here," Dean admitted weakly.
Cas held out a shirt, bunching it to make it easier to put on, but Dean stopped him.
"No, Dean, don't leave," Cas yelped desperately.  "Please, I..."
He'd blown off work again today; getting out of bed just seemed way too overwhelming.  He still had plenty of sick time left, but he knew he was pushing his luck with the amount of time he'd been off lately.  Meg would most likely give him a warning when he returned, and the thought of that made him sick with anxiety.
Eagerly now, Dean knelt on the bed with his ass raised high in the air.  "I gotta tell you, Cas, If you really think I'm not gonna be turned on with something shoved up my ass, you've got another thing coming. No pun intended."
a bad influence," he gasped.
"Okay.  Thanks for calling."
Dean shrugged. "Well yeah, I guess so, but..."
A DJ?  Like you do weddings and stuff?"
"Yeah, yeah.  He's fine. He just feels exhausted afterwards.  I made him go lie down and he was out like a light.  I'll let him know you called though."
.  Not that he didn't want it.  Oh he
Sam grinned.   "Why not? He's clearly into you.  You can't tell me you haven't noticed!   The way he follows you around, the way he's always touching you.  And Jesus, the way he looks at you! "
"We're down front," Dean said, tugging him along, and Cas blushed as he suddenly realized they were still holding hands.  Sitting down in the first row, Dean helped him with his coat and stowed all of their winter gear under the seats.  "So.  We're here. Is this okay?"
Taking a deep breath, Cas carefully slid his shorts off, trying not to make a bigger mess, and he lay back down, closing his eyes.
"But you can't just say something like that and then not tell me!  All this time... why haven't you told me?" Cas exclaimed.
Anna rolled her eyes.  "We'll be fine, Cas.  You can't hold this place together single-handedly.  Go home and rest and... who's your friend?" she blurted suddenly.
"Eight twenty-five.  C'mon, we've gotta be there by nine."
don't understand it sometimes!"
with me?  Wow," he mused.  "I guess you're finally feeling a little less anxious, huh?"
"You're allowed to play," Cas said gently, tearing him away from his thoughts.  "There's no shame or judgment here, Little One.  Stop thinking so much, and just do what you feel."
When a tight, gooey fist wrapped around his cock, he bucked his hips, silently begging for something, anything, but Dean just shook his head.
He took a long, deep breath as the shorts slipped away, his cock springing free of the fabric that had been restraining it, and Cas took a shuddering breath of his own.
in this state, but Dean was strangely persistent.
about this shit?"  Even though Sam had gone into town to do some grocery shopping, he nervously glanced around the library, just in case anyone had heard.
amazing."  He climbed into bed, tugging Cas down with him.  "You did so well for me."
Cas grunted and groaned and flat-out yelled as Dean grabbed hold of his hips and began pounding into him. The slapping of skin against skin was deafening though Cas could barely hear it over his own moaning, and at Dean's suggestion, he reached between his legs and half-heartedly tugged at his cock.
"Smartasses," Dean muttered. "Alright, let's just eat already." He dug into the greasy paper bag and handed out their food. "I got you a breakfast sandwich meal, Cas. Hope that's okay."
"Shut up. He's just as confused as I am, alright?  What's next?"
Shortly after he'd come to Earth, Castiel began feeling a strange sense of longing.  It was like nothing he'd ever experienced in his long lifetime - a longing to fit in.  A longing to love, and to be loved.  A longing for
Cas chuckled fondly. "Yes, Dean. " He propped himself up and worked a trail of kisses back down his chest, pausing to let his pointy tongue flick over a stiff nipple.  "But you
Dean slowly began removing his shirt,  his fingers fumbling over each button as Cas watched intently.  He balled up the sopping shirt and tossed it behind him.  He did the same with his jeans, which he struggled to remove now that they were soaked, and finally, his boxer briefs.
"Oh!  Sorry!  In my own little world here I guess," Cas said in embarrassment.  "They're at 745.9," he said, scribbling the Dewey decimal number on a piece of paper.  "It's that fourth set of shelves on your right," he said, pointing.
"Oh, no!  Those are for you and Dean."
"Dean," Cas squeaked, his eyes welling up with tears. "Ohh!" He jerked forward, falling back to his hands and knees as a little wave of tremors rippled through him, and Dean took the hint to thrust faster.
, I think we should just work up to vanilla sex first, don't you?" he smiled.
"Hmm?" Dean asked, licking a stripe up the other thigh.
Sorry, all. I've had a lot going on lately and I haven't updated in a bit.  I haven't even responded to comments on the last chapter yet. I suck. I'll get to that tomorrow. In the meantime, please know I appreciate them all.  Perhaps I can make it up to you with a long, smutty chapter?
Despite his residual anger, Dean's scowling features softened at Cas's clumsy confession.
Dean shook his head and smiled. "Not tonight, sweetheart."
Dean laughed as he began setting up. "Oh, you'll see. Why don't you go grab a drink while I get set up?  That's Sara, the bartender. Just tell her you're with me."
Cas stood there silently, staring at him as if he were peering into his very soul.  Hell, for all Sam knew, maybe he was.   "You'd... "  Cas paused to think, struggling to find the right words.   "You can't just
hot you are, you don't just start
"Mmmhmm.  Still do."
"Shhh, I know.  It's okay," Dean said as he gently kissed his forehead.  "Happens to everyone sometimes."
Cas shook his head.  "No sense risking our lives if we can just stay here.  I'll be okay."
"No, don't stop! Uh. Oh god. It... Um... It's really uncomfortable."
"Charlie?  It's Cas.  We're closed today?  Did Meg call you?"
long, but their friendship had made the transition much easier.    Still, intimacy was never Dean's strong suit.  Sex, he could do, but intimacy... that was a different story altogether.  He was trying though, and if anyone could get him to relax, it was Cas.
"Please don't be mad, D..."
"Dean," he whimpered, feeling embarrassingly close to losing control as Dean's lips worked their way down his stomach again.  "No, Dean, I'm going to...Ohhhh."
"Cassie," he grumbled into his phone.  "You're not holing up there all day long.  Put some damn sweatpants on and come upstairs.  I'm making your favorite.  Cheese lasagna, no meat.  You might as well do it before I come down there and drag you kicking and screaming."
," Cas blushed. "You're always saying things like that..."
Sam tried hard to hide a snort of laughter as Dean looked up at him. "Go take care of your boy." He handed Dean the remaining pack of gum.  "He's gurning a little.  Not too bad, but I made him chew and drink."
Sam and Cas stared after him.  "Sorry, Sam," Cas said softly.   "I shouldn't have dumped that on you.  He's just so..."  He sighed.  "He's so happy and carefree when we're alone, and so uptight when you're around.   Every time he takes one step forward, he takes two steps back.  It's not like I want him to do this in public all the time or anything.  I just want him to be comfortable enough that he doesn't go into a meltdown if you happen to see him."
.  It's like I can feel what
"You don't have to..."
"It's all so pretty," Cas sighed as he looked out at the sparkling tree and dozens of skaters making their way across the ice. He shed his black peacoat and wrung his hands in an attempt to warm them up."I didn't think they'd have skating hours this late," he pondered.
"Deeean," Cas grinned, wrapping his arms around him. "Ohhhh. You feel electric too!" He wrapped himself around Dean's body, nuzzling against his chest. "You feel soooo good."
"Is this because he called you my pet?  Because fuck that!  You're no one's pet.  He was just fucking with your head.  You're not,  Cas. "
Cas glanced over at Dean, still intensely focused on his work.
Cas nodded quickly.   "Yes.  Thank you, Dean," he sniffled.
"Thanks," he murmured.
Cas swallowed hard and pointed across the table, his wide eyes never leaving Dean's.
"Come on," the tall man demanded, tugging hard at the leash and causing him to choke, red-faced and drooling around his gag. They lead him down a never-ending hallway, past several doors and windows, and Cas couldn't help but wonder where, exactly, he was. It wasn't Hell, at least, and he was thankful for that.
Cas nodded.
Dean almost laughed out loud at the uncharacteristic gesture, but Cas was so close now all he could think about was seeing him lose control.  He growled again and doubled down, working him faster and harder until Cas suddenly yelled his name.
Dean sighed. "Thanks, Sammy. Cas, who gave you that pill?"
"I would
"I've noticed.  And I'm glad," Dean smiled, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek.  They sat in silence for a while, watching person after person skate by at all different skill levels.
. Do you know how many times I got laid while you were away?"
"So..." Dean started, gently trying to pull away, "You're alright?"
Cas groaned and pulled the blanket up over his head.  "Oh my god, let's not talk about this."
"Uhhh..." Cas was still feeling disoriented, and thinking was ridiculously hard right now.  "I don't think..." he started, running his fingers over his head.  "Oh, oww."
"That's a good choice when you're feeling low.  It's good to reach out.  Much better than hiding in your bedroom like a hermit, right?  Who did you text?"
"Yeah. I really want to see you in action."
"Dean!"
"You know..." Dean fumbled.  "Touch it."
"Why not?"
Cas chewed his bottom lip, mulling this over thoughtfully.  "Well what's stopping you?" he finally murmured.
Cas pulled back and stroked him for a minute to give his jaw a break, and Dean suddenly jerked forward. "Y-yeah. Just like that.  Don't stop," he rasped."Ohh fuck. Fuck! Yes! Yesyesyes! Oh! Oh! Unnghh!"
"What?"
. "I-I'm okay," he stuttered.
Dean flopped down on the bed and stared listlessly at the ceiling as he pondered how the hell he was going to explain himself. The stupid happy cat on his shirt was taunting him so he sat up and ripped it off, tossing it in a heap on the floor.
Sam's eyes widened. "You work at a library? I've been thinking about going to school for library science! Do you like it? What's it like, anyway?"
"Yeah," Cas said, scratching anxiously at his jaw.  "Yeah, probably.  No, I'm sure it does."
"I know, I know.  I forgot to take my meds too." He pulled the pillbox out of his pocket and waved it at him.  "I'll take them when I eat so you don't 'mother hen' me to death."
," Cas corrected himself.  "I guess you're okay to go then?"
, he scoffed to himself.   Sure, he had tested it himself with a finger from time to time, but a finger was much smaller than...
"But you just took the cuff off."
Cas snuggled in closer to Dean and let his eyes drift blissfully closed for a moment, not asleep, but listening carefully to everything that was going on around him. The fact that they were all able to carry on occasional banter made him so happy he could burst. He'd been worried that Sam might feel awkward, or that Gabe might be upset that it wasn't just the two of them, but so far things had gone fairly well.  He and Gabe had teased the living shit out of each other of course, but it just wouldn't feel right if they didn't.
Obediently, Dean stepped forward and raised his chin, allowing Cas to secure a black leather collar around his neck. A slim black leash came next, and Dean's eyes slipped closed as he drew in a deep, shaky breath.
"Henry, you know the place on the Bowery where I met you?"
"Deeean," Cas whimpered.  "It feels weird."
With the faint, familiar fluttering sound of invisible wings, Dean's entire body unclenched, just a little.
?" he chortled.
"We're going to go make that supply run whenever Dee's ready," Cas said.  "Do you want to come with us?"
"Or at least passed out," Dean teased.  "You've come a long way from our first date, that's for sure.
So here they were, Cas slowly but surely sliding Dean's pants down his legs. He yanked them off over his feet, and his fingers gripped the waistband of his boxers, making Dean tense up. He may have been too drunk last night, but he was way too damn sober today. Cas had insisted he not drink so that his judgement wasn't clouded, and for whatever reason, he'd listened.
you.  When you're ready, you'll be brave enough to tell me what you want..."
"True," Gabriel agreed.
"Mmm. My sweet boy," Dean murmured. "It was
Numbly, Cas nodded.  He'd been dealing with this shit long enough that he knew Gabe was right; the further he went down that depression spiral, the harder it would be to claw his way back.
"Oh god," Cas gasped, heading for a stall. He had no idea what the hell he had just swallowed, but maybe he could force himself to throw it up. He'd always had a strange fear of vomiting, but the sense of panic he was feeling right now seemed to override that. After desperately choking and gagging over a toilet for a good fifteen minutes, it was obvious nothing was happening.
"You'd want to do that again?"
"Hmm?"
Cas rolled his eyes, "Shut up. Sorry, I didn't plan on staying so long. I had a few rough days and Dean insisted on taking care of me."
long?"
"Nothing. Nevermind," Cas said, shaking his head.
Cas frowned. "Um. I kind of like having it as a security blanket in case something happens..."
"You're so good, Dean."
it, and Dean didn't quite know what to make of that.
"I'm sorry.  I know, I know!" Gabriel said.  "You're right.  It
"I-I'm s-sorry," Cas exclaimed, feeling his face burning again."I don't know why it's..."
hot.  And she was a total
me, just not when I leave the house.  I think..."
Cas glanced away as his face reddened even more. "Look, Dean, I just don't want to disappoint you. I'm not going to be good at it, and..."
Cas set Dean's laptop down and looked over the panels of knobs and switches. "Cripes, what do you
Dean shrugged.  "Can we go later?  I'm hungry.  I want cereal."
"I hope so," Cas muttered.  "The stupid ribbon is really cutting into me."
"I know..."
"Trust me.  It's not pleasant," Dean grimaced.  "Just... slow your roll there.  Let the alcohol catch up to you."
"Cas?  Where are you?  Cas!"
Dean suggestively raised an eyebrow. "Why not?"
Even the hideous purple velvet couch felt comfier than usual as he fell into it, and he haphazardly sprawled out while Scout curled up on his stomach. Tucking a few couch pillows behind his head, he closed his eyes and breathed in, allowing himself to relax completely for the first time in days. He couldn't even bring himself to sit up when Gabriel entered with a tray of tea, coffee, and his favorite cupcakes.
"Oh I understand. I have a shit boss too.  And a crappy job in customer service at the moment. It's always fun when the sole purpose of your job is doing damage control, you know?" Sam laughed.
"Mmm.  I can still dishes clanking out there.  They'll be a good fifteen, twenty minutes..." he said, bucking his hips gently and making Cas whimper.
Gabriel shrugged and smiled. "Well, I know how you love your weird-ass music, and how you've always wanted to be able to go to concerts... You've been doing so well lately, I thought you might want to try it."
"You okay?"
Cas had heard that word before, but to be honest, he'd never taken the time to ask what it was. Still, with the sultry way Dean was staring at him, he was pretty sure he wanted one. He shook his head, too breathless to speak.
"Oh."  There was a long pause on the line as Cas carefully considered this. He had only one frame of reference in regards to sexy talk, so he repeated the first line he could think of. "That's a pretty big tool you have there.  Want to show me how it works?"
He was feeling strangely sentimental right now.
me," Cas taunted.
Cas met Dean's eyes in the mirror, and he arched his back and swooned as Dean began kissing and sucking up the side of his neck.
Cas simpered to himself, completely entertained by Dean's atypical fumbling.  "You don't have to bring anything."
Dean nodded.  "Yeah it has."  He hadn't seen Nate Cardlin in months, despite the fact that he still counted him among one of his best friends.  Nate had been deejaying this scene even longer than Dean had, and frankly, Dean still considered him a mentor of sorts. Much of what he'd learned in the early days was due to Nate's patient teaching, and though Dean had become more successful, he knew Nate was far more skilled that he would probably ever be. "Hey, do you have any Saturdays off soon?" he asked.  "You should come do a guest set."
"What?  Why not?  It's late."
"How are you feeling?" Dean's sleep-husky voice finally asked.
Gabriel slapped a hand to his forehead and sighed. "Well since
"You do?"
Cas wrinkled his nose. "Ouch. Wait. First time what?"
"Pretty good. Much better lately. You?"
"Had sex?"
Cas grinned at the awkward fumbling, for once not coming from himself. "Yeah.  I was kind of hoping that might be the case."
bastard makes the best pie crust though," Gabriel said, pointing to Cas. "Seriously.  My pies are good, but his put mine to shame.  He won't tell me his secret either."
"I told you dress warm," Dean laughed.  "Don't worry, I brought spares. Thought we'd make a little pit stop before I take you home... is that okay?"
They made their way back to the living room and Dean flopped down on the sofa, lazily slinging a leg up over the arm, while Cas sat down rigidly as always.  Dean was immediately engrossed in Dr. Sexy, but he couldn't help stealing a few glances at Cas as he watched.
"Pizza's here," Dean said cheerfully, placing a huge box and some paper plates on the coffee table.  "Did you text your brother?"
"See?" Gabe grinned. "Look, it's perfect. It's practically tailored to your body!" he exclaimed, pointing to the mirror.
"W-what?"
Cas nodded. "I'm fantastic. Exhausted, but good."
Cas frowned as he searched his memory. "Isn't that a chick flick?"
Dean sighed.  "What can I do? " he asked helplessly.
you seemed into it of course."
. Jesus, he liked to think he was a little kinky, but he could honestly say he'd never had
"Look at you," Cas murmured as he stroked his pup's head. "So affectionate all of a sudden."
"Sure."
Cas nodded vehemently.  "Can I touch it?"
"You don't feel ready yet?"
Dean settled down next to him and pulled the blankets up. "Come on."  He put his arm out, motioning for Cas to rest his head on his shoulder.  "Get some sleep, okay?" he said softly.
"Dean," Cas giggled nervously.
Cas laughed and shoveled another bite into his mouth. "Well, you're
"Why not?"
Dean was so...
"So are you getting excited about tonight?" Gabriel asked as he loaded a ball of dough into the waffle maker.
Cas giggled hysterically the entire way down, and whether it was the joy of nostalgia, or seeing Cas so damn carefree for a moment, Dean found himself laughing almost as hard.  The toboggan slid to a stop and they both took a second to catch their breath before Cas stood up and yelled.
"How are you doing with the touching and intimacy issues?" she asked, quickly sobering.
Sam caught Dean's attention and motioned toward the dance floor, and Dean beamed at them. He led Cas to a spot nearby, rejoining his group of friends, which had increased by a few women since he left.  Almost immediately, one of them zeroed in on Sam and began dancing, rather provocatively in front of him.
," he said insistently. "Talk to me."
"Good. It's not exactly the Italian food place I took you to, but you need the full New York experience."
doctor, Cas liked Dr. Mitchell. She had been his psychiatrist since he was fifteen, and though he hated talking about himself, she made him feel safe and comfortable.   Once he got warmed up, talking to her was like talking to Gabe - not always easy, but he could usually be coaxed into opening up.
Dean frowned and pulled away. "
"Yeah, that's good. Aaaand... Effortlessly cool." Gabriel bent down and rolled neat, one-inch cuffs on the bottom of his jeans. "What do you think?"
"Like what?"
Cas groaned.  "Don't remind me. If I were you, I'd have run out of there and never come back."
Dean nodded.  "Bleecker Street.  Best pizza in New York. I will fight anyone who says otherwise," he winked.  "Now, if you want to eat like a true New Yorker, you fold it."  Dean picked up his slice and folded it in half, then took a big bite.  "Orgasmic," he mumbled, eyes closed, mouth full.
Dean nodded and stoically held his head up so that Cas could attach his hood.
Cas wedged his hand between them and shoved it down Dean's shorts, simultaneously coaxing him onto his back. It didn't take much to finish him off with his hand, and as Dean's body shuddered, Cas's thoughts wandered to how much he adored this incredible man who had given him so much over the last few months.
"Good." Gabriel stood and walked to the counter to begin assembling the lasagna.  "You never really told me how it went, you know.  Are you okay?"
Cas smiled and rolled his eyes.
"Barely."
Cas squinted at him suspiciously.  "I thought this was too weird to turn you on."
He'd never been so anxious to get off the damn road when he pulled into Cas's driveway, and perhaps not surprisingly, he'd made it home in record time.  Right now, all he could think about was stripping down to his boxers, crawling into bed with Cas...and maybe making out a little.
"Did you see my car?" Dean suddenly asked. He was looking up at Sam expectantly as he held up his mini Impala.
, I've been cooking all day and it smells fucking amazing in here!  Turkey, corn, candied pecan sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes and gravy, lemon-pepper green beans, homemade cranberry relish... I don't want to brag, but I really outdid myself this year."
Immediately, Dean pulled back in abject terror, nudging him to turn over and look at him. "Oh god, what happened? I'm sorry, you okay?"
Cas shrugged. "I'm not judging them for having sex. I'm judging them for having it with
something like that without it getting awkward?   Would he even be able to look him in the eye afterward?
Cas was standing at the dresser, holding a pair of socks he'd asked to borrow in one hand, and a sleek, brown leather collar in the other. His face was scrunched up in innocent confusion and Dean couldn't help but smirk.
"You ever done this before,
"They probably don't even have my size," Cas protested.
"Oh yeah," Dean said softly as he caught the red-faced, frustrated scowl on Cas's face. "Also? You're going to fall. Everyone does when they're starting out. Don't get discouraged, just accept that it's part of learning."
Cas pulled away, hiding his blushing face behind a hand.
"Good boy," Dean breathed. "Now," he said, stepping forward and fastening the collar around his neck, chuckling a little as Cas gasped in surprise. "When the collar is on, you obey me," he said, reaching into the drawer and producing a leash, which he quickly clipped to Cas's collar.  "You are my sweet, obedient little pet, and I am your master. Understand?" he asked, tugging the leash taut. "Be good for me, and I reward you.  Disobey, and be punished."
"Wow," he muttered. The snow that he assumed had drifted against his windowpane wasn't so much drifted as it was deep.
It was nearly two hours later before either of them spoke.  Dean kept dozing off and on, and Cas was content to just lie there and listen to his breathing.
"I don't know," Cas deadpanned. "I can't seem to find a Crunchwrap Supreme on this menu anywhere..."
Dean shook his head vehemently.   "Transformers is a cartoon."
"What?" Cas covered his head and groaned, curling himself into the fetal position.  "You saw that?"
!" he sighed.  Immediately, he regretted his choice of words.
"You'll see."
Cas wasn't exactly a kid anymore, but it was hard to not think of him that way. After all, Gabriel had been taking care of him since he was young, and he couldn't help but worry.  It wasn't just that Cas had a boyfriend - he was insanely happy for him, of course.  He was more worried that Cas had started dating while he was sick.
"Hey," Gabriel protested, "I'm not the only good-looking one in the family.
Cas took a deep breath and did as he was told, bending down further and shoving his ass out as he reached over the table. Dean stifled a groan as Cas's body pressed up against his, and he jumped back a few inches. He was embarrassed to realize his first instinct was to wrap his arms around his him and start kissing his neck... He hoped it was just habit from all the times he'd used the excuse of teaching pool as a seduction aid. Carefully, so as not to dry hump him into the pool table, he stepped to the side and leaned in again, feeling a little anxious this time as their hands touched. "Good. Now nice and smooth..." he maneuvered the stick and took the shot, and Cas grinned widely as the ball slammed into the pocket.
Sam watched in amusement as Dean's eyes slipped closed and he sighed happily.  "Yeah.  I was just commenting on how much happier Dean seems lately. I don't know what you're doing to him, but keep doing it."
?" he squeaked. "Like, would that turn you on?"
"Deejay."
"I know you are," Gabe smiled softly. "And you're welcome.  So what happened today?  Anything bugging you?"
"Comfortable?" Dean whispered.
Sam and Dean arrived home late as usual, and Cas was sure to have pizza waiting when they arrived, kept warm with the help of a little angel mojo.
"Holy shit," Sam greeted him. "I was just coming to look for you. Are you okay?"
"You know.
"Good night, Bumblebee. I love you."
"Yeah," Cas sighed.  He pulled the blanket off the back of the couch and shook it out, pulling it up to his chin.  "For what it's worth, you do pretty well."
Cas come apart like this was even hotter.
"Hey, hey," Dean said, resting one knee on the bed next to him as he examined the handcuffs.  "I'm gonna get you out of here, okay?  Just relax... Head up," he said as he began untying the gag.
"Sure. Oh, hey. I forgot to pack socks for today. Do you have a pair I could borrow?"
. I mean, well, it
"I was just going to mention the NOFX shirt!"
"You're beautiful, you know," Dean whispered.
"Oh, right!  Merry Christmas to you too. Call me Gabe.  Ooh, chocolates? Man after my own heart."
When Dean was finally old enough, he filed for custody of his brother and got them the hell out of there, settling in a little town a few hours from New York.  There, he could find work in the city while Sam finished high school.  It really hadn't been that long, but it seemed like a lifetime ago.  Dean was twenty-seven now, Sam twenty-three, and they were still impossibly close.  So close, that when Dean's career started to take off, he bought two houses on the same street, one for him, and one for his brother.  They might as well just live together since they were always at each other's houses, but it was nice to have their own space.
"Yeah..." Charlie answered uncertainty.  She pointed to a hallway that was marked for staff-only.
"It's a
"It's okay, Dee," he said softly.  "Let me get you a bowl.  Sit."  He ruffled Dean's hair playfully and returned to the cupboard.   "So what are you guys up to today?" he asked.
Dean grunted and moaned, quieting Cas's uncontrollable chattering by roughly kissing him. "You must be rolling pretty hard. I've never heard you talk so much," he chuckled. "Less talking, more kissing."
Forty minutes passed, with Cas doing nothing but exhausting himself.  And just when he thought things couldn't get worse, the door opened again.
.  So who is this guy who broke your streak?  What's he do?  Am I going to have to give him the big brother talk?" he grinned, eyes sparkling with amusement.
"Sure."  Sam plopped a bowl and spoon down on the table and poured some cereal.  He picked up the milk and dumped some on, then slid the bowl over to Dean.  "I was thinking about going anyway," he said as he sat down across from them.    "You know how I'm kind of picky about my produce..."  He paused, glancing at Cas self-consciously.  "What?"
"Dee?  I used to call him that when I was young.  Wait,
Try as he might, Dean couldn't help but smile as he watched. He loved seeing this look on Cas's face; it was the same one he'd had the night Dean took him sled-riding, the one that made him look so wide-eyed and childlike. They approached the plaza overlooking the sunken ice skating rink, and Dean finally spoke again.
