“Are you…okay?” John asked, and his face broke into a grin when Sherlock laughed. “I think you’re going to have a really good time with this, if that was any indication.”
“I’m frightened,” he whispers.
Nearly half an hour passed in which neither man spoke or made any real noise other than breathing. They could see sheep along the hillside, but they were at least another forty-five minutes' walk away. Suddenly, John remembered something Sherlock had said earlier. "Where's Victor?"
“Gestation length for servals is seventy-four days,” Sherlock informed John one morning, tearing into his bacon sandwich.
“I’ll take care of you,” John promised, and stepped back. When his eyes re-focused, Sherlock was in front of him, sleek and black and purring as he stepped forward to lean against John, butting his hand and asking for scratches.
Mrs. Hudson is already teary-eyed when John opens the door, and she wraps him in a timid hug which he returns with a quiet grunt. “I’m sorry I haven’t come down to talk,” he whispers, his voice hoarse. His shoulders are shaking.
“A Christmas baby after all. She will need a name soon,” John said quietly, sitting down on the bed next to Sherlock. “Had you thought of any?”
“You’re awful.” Sherlock drank more slowly, but drank the rest of his glass, letting out a quiet ‘oof’ when he finished. He stood up, holding his stomach for a moment before picking up his glass and John’s and re-filling them from the sink. He couldn’t help but notice that he was moving differently, more carefully, and that his stomach pressed into the countertop when he stood as close as he usually did to the sink.
“It’ll be cold,” John said, laying his hand on Sherlock’s lower stomach and rubbing softly. “I’ll do the cream first and top off with the gas, if you take all of it. But you’re pretty full already, so.” Sherlock nodded and propped his head up on a pillow, eager to watch.
She had suffocated inside her father without ever drawing a single breath. This part, John does not say. Sherlock can spin the story himself.
Marjorie was indeed in labour, and Sherlock slipped a halter over her head and led her into a box stall, tying her tight to the wall. "Obstetrical chains, in the milk house. Wash them off, bring them back with that bucket of water I wanted. I'll sleeve her to palpate."
At first, he thinks Sherlock is going to continue the silent treatment. But then: “Nothing worthwhile,” he says.
Sherlock turned to John, smiling broadly. Tears came to John’s eyes and he dropped the groceries he was carrying, bounding across the living room. Sherlock shooed the kittens from his lap gently and rose just in time to open his arms for a hug from John. The doctor was shaking with repressed sobs as he ran his fingers through hair he hadn’t felt in five months, felt warm, strong arms he hadn’t felt in five months, touched skin he hadn’t touched in five months. “I missed you so much,” he said brokenly, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock felt frayed raw, but with both his babies in his arms at last, he was more content than he’d been in months. He crooned quietly to his daughters, taking a damp cloth from John to clean them off a little to last until John bathed them both. Alena, their firstborn, was dark-haired and had John’s nose. Sian, their second daughter, had John’s blond hair and John’s thin lips. Both girls were healthy and hale, Alena at six and a half pounds and Sian at a robust seven. Within an hour Sherlock had delivered both placentas and John had changed the sheets. As the midafternoon sun shone in through the tall window, Sherlock, Sian and Alena slept, and John kept watch over his family.
“I love you, too,” Sherlock replied, kissing John back. His canines dragged over John’s lower lip and his eyes were damp. “I’ll be back soon. I promise.”
“Only you would go into labor when we’re on holiday, on Christmas Day to boot.” John dropped a tea bag in each mug as the water started to boil.
After a few minutes, Mrs. Hudson took Cara and bade them goodbye. Their oldest was going to sleep downstairs that night, and give Sherlock and John an evening to themselves without having to worry about taking care of their eldest along with the brand-new baby girl.
Back at the bar, John's beer sat happily bubbling in the amber light, and he took a cue from the drink and put a smile on. He was relatively warm, only wet from the waist down, and he was having a pint in a good Scottish pub. Things weren't so bad, if you ignored the past six months.
But then he turns his head towards John, opens his eyes, and fixes him with a blank, empty look. "Why?"
When he returns home that night, Sherlock isn’t on the sofa. John blinks. Sherlock is
“Tess!” She finally said, waving the hand that had previously been over her mouth in the direction of Sherlock’s middle.
” He felt John’s lips brush his forehead and then lean against him. “You just had a
"John," he says. He doesn't embrace him, but he does lay his hand on his shoulder. "I cannot imagine what this has been like for you. You have my profoundest sympathies."
“Don’t do it,” John said, shaking his head. “Let it build. I can tell you like the feeling.”
“Gonna have to get you into a position where you can stand to be for awhile,” John said gently, helping roll Sherlock onto his side and putting a pillow between his thighs to ease some of the strain on his hips. “Can you manage hands and knees, do you think?”
"Come on, calf, perk up," Sherlock murmured, moving its head around with both hands, encouraging it to breathe. "Keep cranking, John, just a few more and it'll be out."
He woke some time later to the unpleasant but now familiar feeling of a wetness between his thighs. “I’ve pissed myself again,” he snapped, angry and frustrated when John awoke and made a questioning noise. He struggled to his feet, stood for a single, wobbling second and then almost collapsed onto the bed again. John had scrambled off the bed, throwing back the sheets and turning on a lamp.
John, in what he thought might be a developing pattern, followed.
—and then the vise-grip lifts, and he can gasp in a breath.
"Oh, he's been following us since we left. Victor!" Sherlock called, and suddenly a smallish, black and white border collie wiggled out of the weeds to Sherlock's right and trotted alongside them. "This is Victor. He was auntie's dog, but he's taken well to me. In a few miles, he'll go ahead of us and herd the sheep this way, onto ground we can safely walk." The dog yipped and ran off to the side again, tail wagging.
Upright, Sherlock found the pain was worse than he’d thought. His whole middle seemed to be a jumble of sore muscles bunched up from the cold and stiffness. He shuddered and held back a quiet cry as he tried to step down from the carriage, his hips grinding painfully. He half-fell to the ground, uncoordinated and slow. “Slowly,” he said thickly. “I’m in - pain.”
"I am an unbonded Omega with habits that are less than satisfactory. I highly doubt I'm qualified-"
“And the baby will be here,” Soren replied, smiling at his daddy when he pulled back. Sherlock reached up to brush the blond curls from Soren’s forehead. Their oldest was growing into a handsome young man, with his papa’s eyes and nose and his daddy’s curly hair. “Will you be okay, daddy?” he asked.
"I'm going to sleep," he says, laying a spread hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
“You mustn’t let it consume you.”
Somewhat unconventionally, they’d decided to have a dinner with friends for their first anniversary. There were a number of factors playing into this decision - one, they almost always ate dinner together as a couple, so dining out as a couple was hardly a special change - and that’s the reason they
The touch brought a light shiver to the surface of Sherlock’s skin, making it pull a little tighter around the bulge of his stomach. “Oooh,” he breathed, a delicate edge of pain creeping in with the sensation. All he could do was nod and take another sip.
John looks down and swallows. "Dunno."
“Whoo. What a relief. I was concerned we’d have to send him back if you didn’t like him,” John said, ruffling Soren’s hair. “Daddy and I like him too.” Soren just smiled and nodded, and leaned closer to Sherlock. John sat down next to the whole group, kissing his firstborn’s head and Sherlock’s in turn.
"Milking stool," Sherlock explained, frowning as he tried to tug the leather straps closed across his middle. "It was auntie's, it's much easier than three-legged stools. But it's not fitting very well as of late," he muttered, finally managing to fasten the leather under his small belly. He waved a hand and John gave him one bucket, and Sherlock settled easily down, balancing on the single rod and curved plank and supported by both his legs. "You watch for a few minutes, then you can start milking Marjorie."
“You wouldn’t have slept through this part,” John said, striding back into the room, looking silly in his pyjamas carrying his leather bag. Sherlock was about to agree when a pain started in his lower back, creeping around to the front of his belly and stealing his breath away. John pressed his stethoscope to Sherlock’s belly as he cramped, listening for a heartbeat. “Still strong. Lie back when this contraction is over.”
“Oh, what a love,” Mrs. Hudson said tearily, hands fluttering over her heart and mouth. “Sherlock, what a beautiful baby you’ve made. Oh, she’s just perfect, isn’t she.” Sherlock felt a swell of pride - he had made a beautiful baby, a perfect baby.
He couldn't do this, couldn't do it on his own. His body needed an Alpha, and the Alpha it had chosen was sleeping out in the barn, entirely unaware of Sherlock's need.
They had to alternate after that. Each bite of cake was followed by a small sip of milk, and a minute to recover in between. Sherlock’s body was threatening to reject each bite, his stomach making unhappy noises and cramping at irregular intervals, drawing cries from the overstuffed man. Sherlock arched his back even more, trying to give his belly more room to expand, but no amount of squirming and shifting made any more space in his packed stomach.
“I’ll lose the carbonation if I stand up,” Sherlock said, frowning. “I’ll burp.”
"Sherlock."
"I pushed," he says, in a dumbstruck voice.
"That's a good boy, Victor," John heard Sherlock murmur, and shook his head. This man was an enigma if he'd ever met one.
“You must have done,” John said, shaking his head. “Otherwise I’d have enough to finish. I’m sorry, my good man, but you’ll have to do without the top laced up, because I’ve no slack.”
John swiped at tears and took his place at Sherlock’s side, staring down at their newborn daughter. “Look at her,” he breathed.
“Thankfully, your parents won’t mind if not everything is fitting perfectly,” John said, attempting to soothe. “Your mother bore two children. She understands the difficulty of it.” He pulled at the button and hem until he managed to force the two to meet, if just barely. All done, he laid both hands on Sherlock’s middle and rubbed softly. “You’ve not long to go, I promise you. Babies are fickle things, but they always come in the end. You’ve done a wonderful thing, you know. It will come soon, and be healthy.” He planted a soft kiss on Sherlock’s frowning mouth.
“Do I pet you, or what?”
“The next one?” John asked, raising an eyebrow. “Wasn’t aware we —“
you?” John asked, sitting on the edge of the bed next to Sherlock.
“She didn’t feel little coming out.” Mrs. Hudson made a noise of understanding, and John chuckled.
They both finished their second plates, but neither made a move to load up their plates again. Sherlock was touching his stomach gingerly, his sides aching with how full he’d gotten. John was in a similar state. Sherlock noticed that John’s glass of water was still nearly full, while his own was less than half empty. “If we’re keeping even on this, you need to drink more of your water,” he said, pointing at the glass.
"The ATV's in the barn, John, have fun getting it stuck in mud up to your ankles. We're walking out today."
His trousers and the rest of his undergarments were taken away to be washed. Sherlock stood on shaky legs on the tiled floor while John ran a hot bath. He didn’t dare look in the mirror for fear of what he’d see - his own body, grossly swollen and disproportionate, sagging and marked. Another spasm of pain rolled through his back and he pressed a hand to it, biting his lip and leaning hard against the sink.
“Quietly,” he heard John whisper as he opened the door. Cara ran quickly to the side of the bed and climbed up, and Mrs. Hudson was only a little slower to arrive. “There she is,” John said proudly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s knee.
The roads would be cleared within the hour, they were assured, and an ambulance would be following the snow plow to fetch them all and take them to the medical centre. For now, Sherlock let Evelyn sleep on his chest and watched the gentle snow fall outside. “I suppose you got to spend Christmas with mummy and daddy after all,” he murmured to their daughter, and placed a gentle kiss on her sleeping head.
John blinks back his shock. "I—excuse me?"
"Yes you can!" John encouraged, crawling across the mattress to rub his mate's back and thighs. "You can do it, you have to. Your baby needs you to."
John goes to him immediately. "I'm here, I'm right here."
“Sounds about right,” Sherlock said drily. “I certainly feel like I just birthed a ten pound, eight ounce baby.”
"Save it. I'd be a fucking mess in your shoes."
It's the memory box, still sitting on the bedside table, perfectly intact.
"Oh," Sherlock breathed, and pulled it closer to look at the embossing on the fob. "It's lovely, John," he murmured, tracing his finger around the intricate patterns and admiring the watch's face. The hands ticked delicately, clicking softly as each second passed. "I love it. Thank you."
it won’t be
“Trust me, Sherlock Holmes,” John said, sipping his mug of tea and looking at his husband over the rim of it. “I know just how lucky I am that you love me.”
"Pour the milk in, don't spill it. I'll stack these back up." Sherlock ignored the apology and bent to pick up the egg cartons. John hoisted the first pail up and poured it carefully into the cooler. The pail was warm, and John was surprised. It made sense, of course, that it was warm, having come from inside a cow and all, but all the same it was strange.
John said, shaking his head in disbelief. “I need to find - scissors. Or something. I’ll be right back.” He pressed another long kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, unable to stop staring at their daughter, and then tore himself away to go find some medical supplies somewhere.
“If that’s what’s most comfortable, yes,” Sherlock said, rolling onto his side. “That part we will have to play by ear, so to speak.” He drew in a deep breath and exhaled slowly through his nose, pushing a hand through his thick hair. “I want a shower,” he proclaimed at last. “It might feel good but I’m still stiff and sore. And standing up will move things along.” He held out his arms for John, and the alpha pulled him upright and helped him off the bed.
"Because I barely had enough cash to pay for my meal at the bar, and saw an ad for a farm worker, and figured I could do the job."
That doesn't mean he doesn't find himself himself half-sobbing under the inexorable downward pull of his body's demands, the physical task overriding his faculties and overtaking his brilliant mind. Again, he is terrified. He can hear the midwife talking with John, discussing their options, and he hears the word "caesarian."
Bless John, for he must have known Sherlock was feeling something. He lowered himself into the chair at Sherlock’s side, sliding his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulling him ever so slightly to rest against the curve of his body. He sat, and they breathed together. In, out. In. Out. “You miss it,” John said at long last, his words vibrating across Sherlock’s back.
Mike Stamford was there, and Mrs. Hudson brought up the rear, also bringing up a cake she’d made just for the occasion. It was cherry chip and pink in the middle, frosted pink with delicate piping on the edges. Sherlock ate a very, very small portion of his dinner in order to have as much cake as he could fit.
Sherlock nodded and waited for another contraction to build. He started to push as it reached his peak, pushing harder this time, and was rewarded with an onslaught of pleasure that made his vision go black at the edges. He cried out roughly and kept pushing, his toes curling. His cock was rock hard again and pressing against the base of his belly, but he didn’t need it touched. The feeling of the baby’s body moving down, stretching him as it emerged, was better than any touch he could have anywhere on his body. Even John’s fingers on his nipples, which was usually enough to have him writhing, was a dull echo in the background.
"Do you want to keep it?"
"But…he's tame, Sherlock. He won't hurt anyone."
Sherlock, in intense discomfort, nodded and reached for John’s hand. Their gazes met for a moment and he took a shallow breath, eyes wide and worried. John’s were equally so, but he nodded as if to say, ‘Yes, Sherlock, you can do it.’ He nodded back, closed his eyes, and waited.
John found the pails without much trouble. He walked through the door and stopped short when he saw Sherlock standing, back to him, with a…was that a rod strapped to his arse? John snorted and Sherlock turned around, the rod swinging slightly.
John looked down at the yellowish fluid washing down the drain and called for the midwife. She squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “You’re exactly right, that’s just on time. Things might move a little quicker now.”
He let John count during his contractions but paid him no mind, and pushed as long and as hard as he could. The baby’s body turned in the birth canal until her shoulders lined up with his pelvis, and suddenly it was easier to push. He felt her body move centimeter by centimeter as he shoved, felt her shoulders breach him and then one more push and he bent forward around his belly, reaching down instinctually to take her by the shoulders.
“Got you, love, almost there, I’ll come when you do,” John assured, rubbing his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder again and nodding rapidly. “Come.”
“Yeah, sounds pretty much like a contraction. Afraid they’ll only get worse from here on out,” he said apologetically, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I can give you some over-the-counter pain medication, but nothing much stronger. You’ve already got a bit of a sensitive tummy going on, I can’t give you anything much stronger than that.”
“Hey.” John took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it. “You’re doing what’s best for our babies. I’m not going to be upset with you for it. I want you to be comfortable and for them to be healthy. No matter how long it takes. Okay?”
"Yes, fine, I believe you. Help me up and to get dressed, I'll come out and see what needs done."
Three more hard contractions brought the interval down to just under five minutes, and with relief John dressed Sherlock in pajama pants and ushered him down the stairs and out onto the sidewalk. Mid-afternoon traffic was slow, but they flagged down a cab quickly and Sherlock maneuvered himself inside.
Sherlock was quiet on the way to the hotel, and so was John. It was like it had been after Joanna was born - no matter how prepared they thought they were to become grandparents, they weren’t, not really. They had a quiet dinner of sandwiches and tea and watched some telly before bed, settling quietly into their hotel bed with its stark-white sheets and too-soft pillows. Somehow, Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to get much sleep that night.
Sherlock does not answer at first. John is just about to ask again when Sherlock swallows and says in a hoarse, weak voice, “Very much.”
“I know it does. A few more of these and it’ll be time to go to hospital,” John assured, kissing Sherlock’s sweaty cheekbone. “You’re almost down to five minutes between. Once you get there we can go.”
“I rather like our decor,” Sherlock said, glancing around. They’d tidied the flat quite a bit in preparation for their daughter’s arrival - Sherlock’s lab equipment was safely stowed away in locked cupboards, and he’d dispensed of several colonies of beetles and ants that he’d been keeping for research purposes and of which Mrs. Hudson had never been made the wiser. A notable addition was that of a bassinet, fully assembled, standing beside Sherlock’s chair, awaiting its occupant. They’d chosen a dark walnut stain to match some of the existing furniture, but even so, its presence - and that of the colorful blankets inside - brightened the room considerably.
John put a little pressure on the serval’s stomach, pulling another groan from Sherlock. “They might’ve looked good, but I don’t think they fit very well,” he quipped, rubbing the tight skin soothingly.
"Right. Well, I can see that particular chore having gone much worse. She's done," Sherlock said, and yanked the pail out from beneath the cow and rose to his feet on the other side. John jerked backwards, lost his balance, and ended up sprawled out on the dusty barn floor, dangerously close to Agnes's back feet. Suddenly a hand appeared in his line of vision, and he grasped it and was tugged quickly up and out of range of the cow's black hooves.
John chuckled and stood up, taking Sherlock’s hands and helping him to his feet. Sherlock swayed for a moment as he stood, finding his balance again, and offering John a shy smile. “How I long for the days that I could stand on my own and not risk falling over,” he said, shaking his head.
“Kisses make it better?” Soren asked, and Sherlock smiled and nodded again. Soren leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s forehead and then planted a smooch on his lips. Sherlock gathered his son close again for a big long hug, and then heaved himself to his feet. He was about to go find John when he felt Soren’s hands on his bump, and he looked down to see the little boy pushing his shirt up over his belly. He stood still and let Soren press kisses all around his bump. “Be good, little brother,” the little boy murmured, and wrapped his little arms around as much of Sherlock’s waist as he could and nuzzled against the swollen belly.
Behind him John had laid the baby on a towel and was wiping her roughly. Her face was wrinkled in a cry and her tiny fists waved in the air, a protest. “Tess,” he said weakly, and twisted to hold his arms out, desperate to feel her warmth and weight in his arms.
The pressure in Sherlock’s stomach kept building. John went in short bursts, a few seconds each, giving Sherlock time to adjust. He started to feel packed full and soon his shirt lost its elasticity, clinging tight to his belly. He stifled a grunt as he shifted and his belly sloshed and panged with pain. His cock was well out of sight now, his belly rising upward more and more with each ounce of whipped cream from the can. He could feel John pause to shake the can. “Probably half gone,” he said, and Sherlock did moan, then. Could he fit another half can of whipped cream inside him? The sheer volume of gas, expanding inside him…
“If she’s anything like her mum, she’ll wake you herself.” John smiled. “Sleep well. You earned that one. Your daughter and I will try to give you some rest.”
“Love you, too. Clean me up.” Sherlock sank back onto the pillows, lacing his fingers together over his belly.
Two weeks ago, John had set up the rocking chair and called Sherlock up to take a look. Sherlock had been cross at the prospect of mounting the stairs, gravid as he was. But when he finally came up, opened the door, and saw the room, his dark mood melted away into an expression of blissful amazement. It brought a grin to John’s face that spread and spread until he was beaming, laughing, cupping his hands over the swell of Sherlock’s stomach and kissing him until they were both laughing.
"No, I'm not letting you walk out there on your own. It's pouring buckets of rain, you could slip and fall. I'm waiting for you." Sherlock almost snarled an argument, but stopped at the look on John's face.
…Fact: Sherlock had just called it 'his' baby. Twice.
The twentieth day of April dawned bleak and drizzly, and Sherlock spent the morning in bed with a hot pad on his back as John did chores. He couldn't bring himself to move; his spine smarted and ached with a fury he had never experienced. Nine months gestation was too long, let alone nine months and five days.
“I’m beginning to feel a bit like a stuffed turkey myself,” Sherlock said, starting slowly on the meat and potatoes. He noticed John shift a little in his chair, and saw his cheeks flush. “Oh, you like that. Do you want me to talk about it?” he asked, letting out an inelegant burp.
Heart pounding, John reached in and picked up the kitten. It mewled and moved its front legs, searching for something to hold onto, so John held it close to his chest as quickly as possible. Sherlock was still watching warily, but was licking the second kitten clean. John stroked the downy-soft fur on the first kitten, fresh tears rising to his eyes as the newborn mewled. “It’s okay, little one,” he murmured. “Papa’s got you.”
be better than Angelo’s.”
“John,” Sherlock whined, his voice plaintive, pained and tired. He didn’t even know what he wanted to say, but he needed John’s attention. He said his name again and John kissed his chapped lips, holding Sherlock’s face in both hands.
Cameron looked up from Joanna’s bedside when they came in, and Sherlock recognized the look on his face - it was the same one John had sported when Joanna was born. Worry and nervousness and excitement and relief and awe. John took a few steps and clapped Cameron on the shoulder, hugging their son-in-law tight. Sherlock went to Joanna and, heart full, looked down at the bundle in her arms.
Sherlock had tried to ignore it, when it was just small flutters in his belly, but he couldn't deny it now. The baby had quickened, was growing, was stretching him out from the inside and sometimes it turned slow circles in his belly.
“Tess is saying hello,” Sherlock told their daughter, a few light kicks drumming against his left side. “Hello, big sister Cara. Hello out there.”
The cottage was still available when they called back, and John took down the address and information. Sherlock stretched out on the sofa and Joanna stretched out too, pressing her little feet into his ribs for a few seconds before his gentle hands encouraged her to curl back up. “You’ll be out of there before too long, little one,” he assured her. “Just stay put and let mummy and daddy enjoy their weekend away. We’ll meet you soon enough.”
“That you can do,” John said, stepping closer to the bed to watch.
It’s terrifying. All of it, from start to finish, utterly nightmarish. The knowledge that everything he was doing now was everything he did last time, and that this one, like the last, could end the same way. It was out of Sherlock’s control.
He can’t remember how long they stood there, laughing and kissing and feeling the swimmy movements in Sherlock’s stomach as their daughter stirred in sympathetic joy.
“Hush about what?” John asks, coming into the room and scooping up a happy, bubbly James.
“I wouldn’t have any idea,” Sherlock said, brow furrowed. “I’ve never had a baby before.”
“I still like Greer,” John said, a false pout on his lips as he bent down to give Sherlock a kiss good morning. “It stuck with our short name theme. Good morning.”
It was John's turn to cut Sherlock off, this time. "Hey, who said I wasn't interested?" he asked, rising to his own feet.
John’s eyes went wide and he made an impressed face. “It might be better than Angelo’s?” he said, reaching across the table to rap his knuckles on Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock frowned. “Just checking to make sure that’s really you in there. I never thought I’d hear such blasphemy.”
John rolled his eyes and turned the kettle on. “I don’t suppose you’ve been keeping track of your very regular, localised back pain,” he said conversationally.
Sherlock disappears to use the bathroom after the service, abandoning John to their friends. John fields interminable embraces, expressions of sympathy, offers of home-cooked food, and other people’s tears. His own eyes are dry, though his throat feels tight.
“Will you let me take you to bed?” John asked, apropos of nothing.
"So, er, what are we going to do with this milk?" John asked, pouring in the second pail.
“James, though, not Hamish, surely,” John said, though Sherlock could tell he was taken by surprise at the idea. “Don’t need to saddle someone brand-new with Hamish for a name.”
He was woken at half six to the feeling of Sherlock squirming to roll over. The cat let out a yowl and moved off of John’s lap, which in and of itself was very out of character. John was about to ask why he hadn’t just asked to have been carried to the litter pan when he connected the dots.
“We were thinking,” Cameron said, “Thinking maybe we’d name him after your dad, John.”
“She will be,” Sherlock said, nodding and trying to put on a brave face for their oldest daughter. “See, she’s coming. Mummy just has to work a bit harder to get her here.” Slowly, achingly, he let go of the headboard and sank deeper into the squat, trying to sit upright for Cara to see. “Still in here,” he said, touching his belly tenderly. “She’ll be out soon.”
Sherlock was quiet for a few minutes. He broke the silence with a short purr. “I’ll wait until I can’t stand it anymore, and then I’ll say goodbye to you and change. Once I switch, I’ll have to stay like that until they’re born, and for awhile after. If they’re kittens, I’ll probably stay as serval until they’re weaned. It could take…a long time, John,” he said, rolling over with a grunt and a wince to face his mate.
Sherlock was pink around the ears and stifling yawns every other minute by the time everyone put on their coats to leave. He did stand up to hug everyone as they left, ignoring his exhaustion and back pain in favor of showing their guests how genuinely grateful he was to have their company for the evening.
The more they walked, in what Sherlock was sure would be described as a 'companionable silence', the more Sherlock questioned the man's motives. Could it really be that simple, that he was just a passing traveller who had seen an ad for farm work and decided it would be an okay job? Utter nonsense.
"Easy enough," John said softly, and he heard Sherlock's grunt of agreement. "So. You don't seem the farming type. How'd you get into…this?"
Sherlock, despite his pain, managed a breathless smile. “Give her to me,” he panted, “the second she’s born.” John nodded in hasty agreement and kneaded Sherlock’s shoulder roughly, urging his husband to work just a little more, so that they could finally,
Sherlock absently takes John’s wrist, brings his hand up, and brushes a kiss over the knuckles. “Yes. Thinking.”
“I’ve got you, I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere, love, you’ve got me right here for you. It’s alright.” He kissed Sherlock’s damp, sweaty forehead and brushed his wet curls back.
“We did a lot of walking around earlier,” John reasoned, and Sherlock nodded. John sat his own mug down on the kitchen island and walked around behind Sherlock, rucking up his shirt to rub his lower back. Sherlock made a pained noise but allowed John to work at his sore muscles, knowing that John wasn’t going to make it worse. He felt a little better after a few minutes, but there was only so much relief he could get, at this stage. He resumed drinking his tea while John tried to find something to watch on the television.
Sherlock took a little more time getting up on the bed. He too settled on his knees, his belly resting round and heavy on his thighs, hands spread along both sides. He opened his mouth as if to speak and then stopped, looking unsure.
It seemed to have worked, as John woke the next morning feeling a little better. Whilst he brushed his teeth, he found himself running his free hand through his hair.
“It’s quite a useful skill. Like riding a bike.”
“What the fuck, Sherlock, I’m trying to argue at you here!”
He collapsed to the floor, and on some instinct, dragged Sherlock up and across so the boy was leaning on him, his back against his chest, his head lolled back against his shoulder. He scrolled through his friend’s contacts and selected the one labelled ‘Mycroft’ with a shaking finger.
“Oh, will it? In that case, of course I’ll come, spend the day surrounded by idiots, that’ll be invigorating.”
John rested his arms on the fence, and Sherlock smiled at his expression when the horses came over.
“Glad nobody saw that,” John said weakly, “you ripping my clothes off. People would talk.”
“How long do we have to wait?”
“How’s school?” It was a mundane question, but it needed to be asked.
Glen Miller was a particularly unfriendly-looking boy from Scotland who now roomed with a German boy, Claus. He was built like a brick wall and spoke in a rough voice, and John generally tried to avoid him.
“John,”
When dressing to leave the house, Sherlock looked at the hat John had bought for him at the market.
John was almost glad to see the silhouette of Doyle standing proudly against the deep reds of the fading sunset as he trudged up the concrete. In just seven days, he’d forgotten just how exhausting home was. He loved Harry and his mum with all he had, but sometimes he just wanted to stop caring so much.
His sister’s dark figure moved across the room and sat at the end of the bed. John didn’t look at her.
Sherlock gave him an uncomprehending look.
Sherlock cocked his head. “Hm. I shall follow. The lead is usually the taller one, but…” But John wasn’t paying attention to what Sherlock was saying because Sherlock had grabbed John’s hand and was placing it on Sherlock’s waist, slotting their other hands together. Sherlock nudged John’s appendages until he deemed his frame to be correct enough, and then trailed his fingers up John’s back to encourage him to stand up straight and John had to physically fight down a shiver.
“Is it not a Monday afternoon?”
“You want me to – ”
“What?”
John nodded. “Okay. Thanks for being honest.”
Eddie raised his eyes from the paper, pen stuck on the loop of an ‘o’. The boy was looking at him levelly. Eddie had heard that since the Turner incident, he had been the recipient of some mocking. Not exactly surprising. He had also heard that that had all but cut out three days ago when one provocateur had found it necessary to spend the night in the san and John, completely coincidentally, of course, had been put in a four-hour detention with the Deputy Head. Eddie didn’t think it would be wise to challenge his word.
, John.”
; pinning notes and tacking bits of paper to the wall of the boot room of his mind palace, there had been a growing presence just behind him. He would hear footsteps come in and stop inside the doorway, and it was neither uncomfortable nor entirely comfortable. Of course, Sherlock knew who it was – there were only so many people allowed inside the building, and only so many with such a thoughtful gait. But he hadn’t yet gathered the gall to turn around and face his friend.
’, because Latin at two in the morning was a massive inconvenience, no matter that he had been fluent since the age of five. But he didn’t. Because at that moment, John woke up.
John’s alarm was defunct the next morning, as the sound of Sherlock’s violin woke him up well before it was due to go off.
“Hey, Ed,” he began.
John stopped and looked at him, aghast. “Michael Jackson,” he repeated. No reaction. “Jesus, Sherlock, this is unacceptable.”
John felt his mouth gape for the second time in minutes. “How did you deduce that?”
John breathed heavily and shook his head. “I fucking hate you.”
’, while humming nonchalantly. But John knew he was pleased.
“Love? Killing someone because you love them is… that’s not how love works, Sherlock,” John replied.
But then the whistle was blown again, and both boys’ attentions were drawn away from each other and back to the races.
“I know,” John returned.
“Out.”
“You know, Sherlock’s never seen
“Not so fast.”
“I’ll take my stuff next door, be back in a mo’,” and left.
“This book was last taken out on the sixth of July, so…” Sherlock was muttering to himself while scrolling through something on his phone. He tapped the screen and started typing. “… There.” He tapped the screen again and chucked his phone onto his bed beside him. “May I have some of your crisps?”
They still had had no word of the progress of the case by the next morning, which had driven Sherlock up the wall, and John wasn’t exactly feeling the most relaxed about it either.
He blew a layer of dust off the cover.
John opened his mouth to reply, then thought better of it.
John did as he was asked. “Hey, lads. What’s up?”
“You’ve met him?”
“John Watson, Mrs Bailey’s form, year ten. To stay until the end of the day and then an hour’s detention. Fighting in class. He’s to write a letter of apology.” the man informed the secretary, who nodded, and indicated for the boy to take a seat on Sherlock’s table.
There’s no deep insight, no inspirational and witty quote to mention, just a broken heart and the overwhelming need to heal and meet the new me born out of all this.
Sherlock’s reply was “Yes, of course, John”, his voice small and full of sadness. “We’ll talk, Sherlock just not now” John said before closing the door behind him.
I am only existing right now and for the time being that is enough. How I wish I could fast forward to months from now, when pain has subsided, but I believe I need to live this process and mourn; the need to cry is in our very human nature, but when you keep recycling the feeling, your soul remains unwashed and I must cry, to reminisce without resentment, to forgive slowly.
Sherlock arrived home to Baker Street, taking 2, 3 of the steps at the time. He couldn’t wait to kiss John again, to hold him and touch his hand and… and… so much, so much more.
BTW - As from next chapter I will start adding the appropriate tags? warnings? I am still new at all this so please give me sometime to get into the mechanics of fan fiction tags/warnings/meanings.
Credit to my wonderful wonderful for the lovely quote in bolds.
Footsteps stopped abruptly outside Sherlock’s door. Could it be? What was John..? Was he supposed to open the door? That wouldn’t be necessary as he heard the knob turning and a very decided John stepped inside looking around until his eyes met Sherlock’s. Both men froze and in the second last seemed to last forever they made up their minds and close the distance between them stopping just mere inches from each other. What are they supposed to do now? John closed his eyes and in a moment everything he went through in the last two years rushed back to him; pain, solitude, the never ending ache. He had two choices, hold on to that or open his eyes and… and… finally find out or carry on.
I have decided to switch the posting days to Tuesdays and Thursday which are the days I am most certain to have time off to write. Worry not, though, I have the plot sort of mapped out and things seem to be flowing in the right direction.
His flat was quiet, small and gray as one can imagine, he would joke to himself that he was going for the minimalist vibe, when in reality, no place felt like home anymore. Not London, not Baker Street, not the goddamned world. He was in a world that was foreign, or maybe he was the foreigner to the world. Why bother decorating if he was just passing by?
As they undid each other’s belts, John got braver, and unzipped Sherlock and in a swift but nervous move his hand reached for his lover’s cock, it was hard already and warm, and velvety and John’s mouth watered; he was worried about not feeling right to touch him in this intimate way and he smiled to himself when he felt his desire growing just as his own cock. If John -and Sherlock - had any doubts about them being able to like touching each other, they evaporated the moment John started stroking Sherlock. Sherlock emulated John’s actions and began stroking him. John closed his eyes and bent his head backwards letting out a moan, a delicious, deep, longing moan.
Tomorrow, I start the new chapter of my life, or it could be said: a whole new book.
The first 4 chapters will be John writing letters and mostly talking to himself in an attempt to come to terms with Sherlock's absence in his life.
Sherlock could’t sleep the rest of the night, afraid of dreaming the same thing again, so he withdrew to his mind palace.
I still love you, I still miss you and I wish I could have told you all those times I had the chance but didn’t, out of fear. Fear. Such a funny little world, yet it ends relationships and endeavors before they start and separates people, feelings and ideas that could have otherwise changed the world; fear changes history everyday and we still don’t overcome it, we still let it run our lives. I am letting you go, but it doesn’t mean I need to forget you, but I need to move on in life and from Baker Street to salvage whatever is left of me. People make choices and we must respect them regardless of how difficult it is for the people left behind to deal with them. I owe it to myself and our brief time together, not let your absence destroy me. I’ll deal with the consequences of many years of bad decisions, but never for a second think that I regret any aspect of us.
Sherlock couldn’t believe the sight, John’s mischievous smile as he wrapped his hand around his cock. John winked at him and stick his tongue out and brought it millimeters away from his hard rod, Sherlock sighed and in a very inelegant moved pushed John’s head, John didn’t resist and was ready to swallow his friend whole, Sherlock was buried deep inside John’s mouth and it was so warm, so lush. John was loving having his mouth so full; Sherlock’s cock was hard as a rock and velvety , his oozing tip salty and perfect. Sherlock started bucking his hips against John’s mouth, harder and harder each time but then he stood still as he felt John’s finger pushing against his entrance.
I have made peace with the fact that what happened is beyond my control. You broke your promises and it still wouldn’t matter if you were here. Consider this a testament of my love for you that I would have forgiven you if you have chosen to stay, but again, it was never in my control.
"Sherlock, I… I, I honestly don’t know what to say; there is no point in lying and saying that I am not happy that you are not dead, but how does that change anything? It took me a great deal of time to come to terms with the fact that you had important reasons to jump only to now find out that you may have not even jumped? This feels like an out of body experience and all I can say is that I do not know what to say and for the moment and all things considered, that’s ok, that’s enough for today” said John without turning around and finally turning the key, feeling betrayed.
I loved and will always love the fact that we understood more of this world together; right now it is unfathomable to even think of that happening again with anyone else and even if it doesn’t, I already had that in this life while most people in this life never get to. I wished everybody did.
You left me.
Sherlock nodded and John pulled the detective’s trousers down and in a swift move he did the same with his own and both men now laid in bed in only their underwear. John knew Sherlock was the most erotic and perfect creature he had ever seen, there was no point comparing him to a woman or even to a man, he was in his own league, he was simply and extraordinarily, Sherlock. Sherlock in turn, thought about the magnificent and caring man above him about to fuck him senseless. They were both lucky.
That first night back at Baker Street was difficult for Sherlock; he was suddenly drained, like if all the sleepless nights in the last two years have caught up with him and as soon as Mrs. Hudson left, he went to his room to rest. He had only been sleeping for an hour when the nightmare started. It was a familiar scene: St. Bart’s; he had his phone in his hand and people where gathering around him and pointing up, to the roof, his stomach sunk, it was John now in that roof and he didn’t dare to keep looking up and clutched to his phone as if holding on to life, he began running in his dream but St. Bart’s only kept getting farther and farther. His phone rang and the fear of that moment awoke him. What have he done to his best friend? Why was it so important? Had his phone really rang?
So sorry people. I ended up in the hospital and I had to recover and go to work and let myself be pampered by my wonderful boyfriend.
I cannot promise to post more than two chapters a week, but I was feeling inspired today.
Said John with his eyes still shut, “Not physically” and Sherlock was suddenly hit with all of John’s empathy in the most painful of realizations. “And it is my fault” said Sherlock in a small and ashamed voice. Sherlock continued, “John, to ask you to forgive me, is the most selfish thing I will ever do in my life, but still I am doing just that, please forgive me, I miscalculated and never understood before, I still don’t understand how one person’s happiness and wellbeing and simply, their presence can alter the course of a life, my life. I don’t understand why I am so selfish, but I am the most selfish man you’ll ever know John; I chose to live a life away because your world would carry on without me, mine wouldn’t have carried on without you and that's what was a stake: a planet circling the sun without your warmth and caring and that John, is no place worth living in” Sherlock was overcome with emotion and he took a few seconds to compose himself as he realized that he was not only selfish but the most stupid man on the planet, how could he miss this all this time? How was it possible that he had been so oblivious to what his own heart was telling, no, scratch that, screaming at him. “I need a moment” he added, he needed to gather his thoughts, map a plan, plot for ways to be forgiven and most of all… welcome back.
Morning brought no comfort, no change, no nothing. All clarity John hoped would come in the morning was non existent. Nothing would erase the tears he shed or the years spent. Questions filled john’s mind. He tried making tea but burned his hand in the process. Why haven’t Sherlock contacted him? Was he injured? Oh god. no! “Please don’t let him be hurt” John said.
Thanks for the kudos and bookmarks.
A driver stepped out of the vehicle and open the back door for John.
“I love you, John, now that I understand it, I cannot think of a moment when i haven’t loved you, when I haven’t needed you but I didn’t know, still don’t know what it all means or what I am supposed to do. I cannot promise I will never put your well being over my own ever again, because I’d be lying and I do not want to lie to you anymore. Please give me a chance and I promise I will always do my best even when you think it is my worst. I love you, you love me, don’t force me to find out what it actually is to lose you.
If you are reading this, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, comment below. This is my first time writing smut and I really don't know if I am doing it right.
John began to stroke Sherlock’s cock mercilessly. He needed to make him come, to bring him to total ecstasy; he needed to own him in the most primal of ways.
This is so short it cannot and shouldn't be called a chapter, but it is the best I could do all things considered.
Sherlock stepped back into the car and headed to Baker Street, John didn’t say he wanted to work with him again, hell, he didn’t even say if he wanted Sherlock in his life again, but they would talk at least once more and the feeling that filled Sherlock in that moment was enough to make the detective smile and… what was this feeling? Hope?
Thank you for always being you and allowing myself to be just me, you have no idea how freeing was to be accepted despite my flaws. Thank you for everything you did without noticing, without knowing.
“Bloody door, stupid keys, stupid asshole, you were dead. DEAD” said John aloud as he felt his friend’s hand touching his shoulder and he recoiled from it, Sherlock’s touching gesture burned John’s skin. “John, you have to understand, it was necessary for me to fake my own dead. You may not believe my reason are good enough but I couldn’t lose…” Sherlock stopped, what was he supposed to say? That he couldn’t bare the thought of losing him, his best friend? for reasons that were beyond his limited understanding of human interactions? That even after two years and despite his best efforts and the distance, the need to be near John was consuming him and burning brighter than before? How you do voice that? How can anyone understand such a desperate but silent plea? What was this?
The detectives senses new in overdrive, how had he gone without anyone’s, no, John’s touch his whole life was a question that he would have to actually think about later; it was now clear to him why chemistry and biological processes were called love and lust, he was experiencing or about to experience one of, if not the best thing of what the human body had to offer.
John took  look at his flat. HIS flat -- no longer Sherlock’s -- and he could only sigh before reaching for his laptop and roam the internet for a new living arrangement.
“This s the more I’ve seen you eat, Sherlock”
P.S. The chapter title is in honor of my fave Robbie Williams' song (yes! a Mexican RW fan)
Running his thumb over the Doctor’s hand, Sherlock was being soothing to his friend. “John, nothing I could ever do will erase what I did to you, but it was all for you and I will never regret keeping you safe. I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me because right here, right now, this is all I ever wanted. You.. you are all I ever wanted and I.. I… Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, why is it always so difficult to say things that will bring us happiness? People say hate words all the time yet, I love yous die before they are spoked billions of times a day. John was right, fear was a crippling feeling and despite all it costs us we still don’t learn and we continue to let it run our lives.
Your absence permeates every aspect of my life, your influence is palpable and if anyone dared to look close enough, my pain and how broken down I am will be evident and painful to witness. That I know. How nobody else hears my cries is both a success and a great failure. Please, give me some time to heal, part of me wants to know this is not a state you’d like to see me in. I have begun to, though, as I’ll say goodbye to the confines of our shared life that bore witness to our sad and unrequited love story.
“Don’t resist me, love” said John. “Let me put my finger all the way up un your arse, let my finger fuck you” he continued as he stroke Sherlock’s cock harder and harder making the tip ooze more and more precum.
“He is alive, John” said Mycroft as John’s world came crashing down. He fell to the floor, losing his ability to stand, to think, to breathe, to exist. How can someone alter your whole existence twice, by dying, by being alive? What kind of twisted game was this? Did he hear Mycroft correctly? It couldn’t be, could it?
I am sad, upset, heartbroken and tired, really tired.
Mrs. Hudson was happy to have the man she loves like a son back, but she could tell there was still a palpable emptiness in Sherlock’s smile. “He’ll come around, Sherlock, he needs time to process this and once you explain to him, he’ll forgive you and you’ll be back in each other’s lives” Sherlock smiled a shy smile, he certainly hoped so.
John liked talking dirty...
Mycroft tried to help John stand up but John refused his help and he lay on the floor for a long time. Mycroft let a long time pass before speaking again. “Doctor Watson. John, please say something, I am afraid you’ve gone catatonic. At least nod if you understood what I just told you”. Mycroft was unusually emotional and caring in his tone. John could only nod, the world was shifting, again. He closed his eyes and relived the scene in the roof of St. Bart's. Sherlock jumping. John's world ending. “What did I miss?” John thought to himself over and over.
Thank you for the kudos!
I am also really scared because I don’t know how much I can take, because I don’t know if this the end, the end of my pain. I can’t go on like this, you kept things from me and it is useless to pretend that I didn’t notice, you destroyed me, you cock! I don’t believe you are a lie but I also don’t believe in you. Whatever reason you kept from me only makes sense so many times,
John had barely slept in months as the nightmares made it difficult to sleep; he could still see Sherlock jumping from the roof several times a night. He started avoiding sleeping and focused on taking naps throughout the day, always the right amount of time to avoid dreams and nightmares; his brain was always working, “This is what he must have felt” John though to himself several times. How was it possible that only now, in Sherlock’s absence he was able to understand his friend? He shook his head every time and it was time to start the grieving process again, to cry as that first night, alone in Baker Street.
Chapter name stolen from Hamilton: An American musical.
Sherlock’s reply came a few minutes later:
Sherlock held John’s arm before he was completely out of reach, pulling him back against him. “John, every time I am near you, I feel the need, I feel every need, to make you smile, to be the reason why you smile, to touch you and know why physical intimacy is so important to the whole world. When you are near there’s nothing i want more than to get under your clothes” John smiled and crashed his lips against Sherlock’s; “We can stop if you want to stop” added John. Sherlock didn’t reply but deepened the kiss.
Both men were completely inexperienced each in their own ways: to men, to love and physical desire.
Forgetting is inevitable and I might forget the little things, like your smell and how you liked your tea but part of you will always live in me.
They were threading into unknown territory for both of them and each men spent the day thinking, sometimes out loud. John went home, took a long shower as we was convinced he smelled of disease and death. by 6.30 he was en route to Angelo’s.
Far from the center and excitement of the London where there was no Mrs Hudson, no clients, no crimes to solve and most of all, no Sherlock; John drank tea and it was a quiet Wednesday morning when there was a knock on the door of his small flat, there was something familiar about it; something that made John’s stomach turn as he slowly approached the door. He took a deep breath when he realized who was on the other side. “Mycroft”, John said with all the iciness he could muster.
I am hoping to write Chapters 3 and 4 this week and begin with the interesting part of this story on Monday March 13th.
Sherlock felt his whole body tense as John slowly and carefully re-introduced his finger. Sherlock was overwhelmed by the sensations and tried to relax but hard as he tried he couldn’t, he was too anxious and if he was honest, sort of scared. He wanted to let go, to be owned and above all, to give John everything he could ever want or need from him, but sex for the inexperienced is not easy, you are thinking and thinking and thinking.
John was still above the detective and wasn’t actually sure how to proceed, all hisself confidence was gone as he remembered that he was almost as inexperienced as Sherlock. John had never been with a man before, no matter how tempted he was during his Army days, he had managed to help himself because he was simply not attracted to men. All that was now a distant memory, he really, really wanted the man underneath him, he wanted Sherlock, he wanted to kiss him, to undress him and explore him. to watch him in all his vulnerability and be the reason why such a brilliant man came apart. John Watson, Army doctor, conductor of light, bravery personified, was suddenly scared and unsure of how to proceed.
Sherlock mind was in a haze, this was all new to him and he was trying to catalogue everything, the look on John’s face, the wait John’s skin smelled, the rush of electricity when they touched, but hard as he tried, his transport had other ideas and he was unsuccessful on saving every detail, he was only able to feel, to react to the way John was kissing him and on what his own body was demanding of him right at this moment. If he was lucky, he’d have many more chances to save every second in his mind palace, right now, there was only sensation, no logic.
were you even remorseful?
To everyone reading: My sincerest apologies. Life has a funny way of complicating things, with the switch to Daylight Savings Time and work I barely had time to write this.
P.S.2 Should you find any typo/grammatical mistakes, you can blame my Mac and the fact that English is my second language. (Feel free to point out typos)
Both men sat in John’s living room in silence but sitting side to side, their hands touching. Sherlock’s mind was racing, what is anyone supposed to do after a kiss like that? What do you do after declaring your love, your devotion?, wait, had he said those words? He remembered John saying specifically that he loved Sherlock, but has Sherlock said anything before that kiss?, “Oh no!” whispered Sherlock. “John, I…” said Sherlock before he was interrupted by John, “I have to get ready for work, lo… Sherlock”, “I understand” replied the younger man.
He didn’t even stopped or flinched as he opened the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, his fantasies had always taken place in there. He stopped, though, when he looked at the bed, how many nights after St. Bart’s had he spend here? Wrapped in Sherlock’s clothes and pillows? John closed his eyes and gulped, he needed to let all of that go and focus on the half naked man standing in from of him.
Sherlock was confused by the look on John’s face. but the minute the Doctor opened his eyes he saw the tenderness and compassion John had always shown. Sherlock smiled, he was not in control of his feelings, of his body. The transport he was so neglectful of was suddenly in control and he didn’t mind it one bit. Love, particularly the kind you know will last forever does that to you, doesn’t it? It makes you think you can fly and become taller and braver and…
Our story was brief,  but not perfect nor easy, damnit! Can it be classified as a story? I will never know, it is though, amazing, rewarding and unique with all its twists and turns. I would change the outcome, but I have my own story to write, stories that I am hoping are amazing.
I’ve tried to put myself in your place, to be understanding of your decision, but it has only backfired. I have realized that I never expected you to stay only because we had a long story, in fact, I always wondered when you where leaving
John.
John was now staring intently at Sherlock, John’s mind was racing, his hopes soaring; Sherlock was so close John could just stand, take 1, 2 steps, cup Sherlock’s face with his hands and, and, and…
It surprised John, that Sherlock’s reply didn’t come immediately and then he remembered that two years have gone by, maybe Sherlock now slept through the night or worst, he didn’t have the same number which made John feel grateful that he had decided against writing that snarky message he typed and then deleted.
“John, I can hear you behind the door” Said Sherlock with an exasperated but pleading tone. John slowly turned the know and he felt the weight of the world crashing on him as he came face to face with his very alive friend.
Sherlock used his free arm to bring John closer to him  and whispered to the Doctor’s ear “I want you to bury yourself deep inside of me”, startling John.John quickly stood up and pull the detective by the hand, he intended to do just what Sherlock had requested and he was not going to give in to the fear or hesitation he was still feeling, he was going to be buried deep inside his Detective even if it took the rest of the night to get him ready…
Sherlock walked back to Baker Street, he had only a few hours to prepare. He had never had a date, how can he prepare? Wait, did John expected to…? Oh bloody hell, what do people do in dates other than wine? dine? and… and… have sex? Sherlock certainly didn’t think this through
John felt his legs betraying him as he walked to the door. 1, 2, 3, 4 steps. He then held the door knob tightly before taking a deep breath. He was startled by a second knock on the door.
I have decided I will be posting on Mondays and Wednesdays.
I will figure out a way to survive this, if this last month is any indication, it will be achieved by not thinking and avoiding feeling anything as much as possible. What is worst, Sherlock? To feel so much that the world stops and oxygen is sucked off my lungs without you? or not knowing if I am actually healing by not feeling anything?
Pain presents itself differently during the day. Some moments are better than other and some are worst. There is no right way to mourn as there are so many factors to consider and that affects the process, doesn’t it Sherlock? God, it all sounds so clinical but right now, I don’t dare to thread into pain in a way that’s emotional and not purely logical. After all, “Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side”, isn't it?.
Except it wasn’t Mycroft in the back seat of the car.
Mycroft opened his mouth to speak but he just nodded and agreed. “John, you have my number, please call when you have had the time to… to…” Mycroft let a deep sigh before he continued. “When you have had the time to get over the original shock that this information provided” The iceman was back.
John’s flat as gray as it may have seemed early that day was suddenly different, it has never felt like home to him but it was in some ways brighter, less depressing, John even had a certain spring in his step as the climbed the stairs, humming a tune to himself as he prepared his dinner and made some tea. John was happy again.
“I love you, Sherlock” John didn’t hesitate, he need it to say it, OUT LOUD, for the world but most importantly for Sherlock to listen.
He tried to focus on sleeping, using the techniques his therapist had provided him with; at least this new therapist had focused on getting John to perform simple tasks like sleeping and eating at given times instead of making him talk about his grief and the unspoken feelings he had for his departed friend. John was thankful for that. Realizing trying to go back to sleep was a futile effort, he decided to write another letter.
Sherlock closed his eyes and the Doctor closed the gap between the two of them.
Sherlock sensed John;s hesitation and he was now the one undoing John’s shirt buttons dexterously, hurriedly. John held Sherlock’s face in his hands and slide them a second lated to Sherlock’s neck, lading on his chest and he emulated the detective’s actions. John let his hand slip inside Sherlock’s shirt and felt a rush of energy going from his head to his groin. His skin was so soft, his chest so firm with enough muscle definition to be considered fit but not overly done. John let his hand slide further down, reaching for his belt and his eyes met the detective’s; his eyes full of need in a silent plea. Sherlock crashed his lips against John’s and in turn, undid John’s own belt.
Thank for the kudos.
“I have thought endlessly about regrets and the effect fear has on us. How many assumptions we make on someone else’s behalf because we think we are doing the best for them? I never dared to speak these words out loud out of fear of rejection, Sherlock, and then you were gone and it didn’t matter anymore, every hope I had was taken away from me in a heartbeat and all I could do was witness life’s frailty. Your absence broke me, but it also woke me up, I want to love and be loved to and by you. I understand there is a possibility that you don’t feel the same and I will respect it if that is the case, but I will no longer hide what I feel, or myself, or anything. Gay or straight, in love or in lust, with a woman or a man will no longer be good enough reasons to risk wasting happiness or miss it altogether”
“Mycroft, I think you should leave” John said as he rose slowly from the floor in shaky legs, a foggy brain and a messy life all over again.
Fluff.
“Sherlock, we cannot erase the last two years, and just like you, I can only promise to do my best but we need to take it one day, one emotion at the time. this is not only new for you, this is new for me. Not the I am in love with a man part, but this” -the doctor pointed to each of them -
Sherlock smiled before asking “May I come in?” to which John replied with a nod and a hand gesture for him to come inside. John closed the door and again, with a hand gesture offered Sherlock a seat.
Some fluff here and more coming our way.
Sherlock took a few breaths to steady the rhythm of his heart and John understood his unspoken request and he stayed still.
Next chapter is the one, you guys! (Cue sexy music)
He heard the front door open and if the familiar footsteps where any indication, he didn’t actually have to wait until the next day...
Sherlock was holding to the bed sheets afraid that if he let go he was going to fall or worst, come and he didn’t want to disappoint his Doctor.
Contrary to Sherlock, John had a restful night, where he dreamt he was back on Baker Street sitting next to his flatmate, solving crimes, spending their days together, yet he woke up in the middle of the night but unlike all the dreams he had about his best friend in the last two years, he didn’t wake up sweating or on the verge of tears; no, he was nervous and happy and… hopeful. In many ways John was ready to listen to Sherlock but he knew deep down, he was not ready to do any of the things he dreamt, he was only willing and wanting to listen.
Please fell free to leave your comments,
John started pulling Sherlock’s underwear down and patted his bottom to make him raise them enough to slide them all the way down. As the detective’s boxers went down, so did John.
This is new to me as well and too precious and important to take it lightly”
Now John had intertwined his hand in Sherlock’s and felt again the electricity he felt when Sherlock placed his hand on his. It was getting late and John had an early start the next day. EAs they stepped out of the restaurant they shared a hug and a very chaste kiss. Just a peck but it was enough to send shivers down their spines.
"I guess I better write to the wind hoping that wherever he is he can listen, he deserves to know how loved he is"
John.
I hate you.
, but I never expected you to do it permanently. In all honesty, there are times when I still feel you, not near, but your energy is all around me, I think I should leave Baker Street if I really want to start healing. I have not healed, if anything, it has gotten increasingly worst.
John placed his hand in Sherlock’s nape, bringing his face closer and closer but also painfully slowly. John’s lips went from Sherlock’s own lips to his cheekbones - Oh! those cheekbones - to his jawline, to his earlobe, to his neck as John’s hands slide around Sherlock’s shoulder up his neck to find the detective’s messy curls and John tug on them making the detective moan in pleasure and anticipation of John’s kisses and a very primal need at the hair tugging. Apparently his Doctor liked it a little bit rough.
"Close yours eyes, Sherlock"...
John put his phone away and got ready for what he was sure was going to be a long day ahead of him or maybe a relatively short one in anticipation of their date. Date. It. was. a. date. John was suddenly felt like a bloody teenager but he was running late so he better hurry.
Even after six months I cannot understand why you did what you did, why you said the things you said, why you decided to leave.
“May I sit down Doctor Watson?” said Mycroft. John have had enough of him in just 2 sentences. “Look Mycroft”, John quipped and took a deep breath before he continued, “I don’t know why you are here and I went to great lengths to keep my location private and on a need to know basis for the people I care about. YOU. ARE. NOT. ONE. OF. THEM. Whatever is the reason behind his annoying and frankly pointless visit is yours and yours…”
John spent a lot of time getting Sherlock ready and he not even once retrieved his finger. Sherlock was inching closer to orgasm and he began to buck his hips as John stroked his cock.
John was not even all the way in the back of the car when he was almost out again.
Dearest Sherlock,
We were both wrong, you for leaving and me for thinking we would have more time.
John was angry but got in anyway, cursing loudly at Mycroft: “Mycroft, you so…”
“Who in your family has panic attacks?”
“Shut the fuck up, Claus.” John said, not realising he’d said it until it was out of his mouth.
“Putting some music on,” John replied as if Sherlock was stupid. “It’s going to be a long night.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him, chewing his lip.
John cocked his head. “What?”
John was about to run after Sherlock when Lestrade wandered out of his house in his slippers.
His roommate didn’t say anything, which was to be expected.
“I’ll give it a try,” John said, reaching forward and fiddling with something Harry couldn’t see and then grabbing the laptop, while explaining, “So, what you can see behind me is Sherlock’s bed and all his crap – ”
“Lestrade used to work here.” Sherlock said absently.
“Missing?” God looked to Seb for help, but Seb just shrugged. “Oh, is this ‘cause I missed registration this morning?”
Sherlock gripped John’s arm a little harder, forcing John to stop trying to curl in on himself.
This was the first time John had been inside the library, and when he opened the door, he wondered why. The interior smelt exactly the way libraries should; the millions of pages contained within filtered the air into the unmistakable thick musk of the written word. The wooden floorboards were shiny, as though they were wet, polished to perfection over hundreds of years. The rows upon rows of shelves stretched high to the ceiling, towering over him in such a way that was reminiscent of the great forest of oaks they were no doubt carved from. The lights were low, and what could only be described as a scholarly silence beckoned him in.
“None of this really matters until we can find those damned shoes,” Sherlock said after a pause. “On Saturday we’ll be whisked away from the crime scene, unable to return for ten days, powerless. John,” he turned to him, “talk to Muhammad again. Ask him about the trainers, but also ask about who loved Carl, who hated him.”
“Christ, John – stop – this is ridiculous – you’re embarrassing yourself - “ Sherlock muttered through gritted teeth. The girls next to them had all stopped eating and were staring at them with unabashed looks of horror and amusement.
The walk to the san was quiet, for the most part.
“Yes, yes, I know,” she dismissed. “Go, have fun – be polite!” she called after him as he started down the path.
Sherlock didn’t think about how their thighs pressed together, or the way he could feel John’s arm moving against his own as he settled. Instead, he began to explain the notes and where to position his hands. He reached across and plucked John’s hand from his lap, placing it gently on the keys, thumb on middle C.
“You’re one hundred percent sure about this?”
“You obviously don’t know me very well,” Sherlock said. “I don’t care about people dying, people do that all the time. What if I refuse to play?”
“Slow down with the beer, yeah, boys?” Lestrade said, and he and Mycroft walked off towards the kitchen.
Sherlock sounded apathetic. Tired. John’s heart fluttered with worry. “Which is?”
The two crept down stairs and into the laundry room. They foraged in the lost-and-found bin until John came across a pair of floral swimming shorts that bore the name label of a boy who had been in the Upper Sixth when Sherlock had been a Year Nine.
He moved further along the bookcase, but his smile dropped away when he saw the next picture. A family of four were walking through a field, and the woman who was holding Sherlock’s hand could only have been his mother; same high cheekbones, same clear eyes. But curvier than Viola, with lighter hair. Sherlock must only have been around three, barely able to keep up with her. Mycroft, no older than ten, still chubby in boyhood, and a man, who must have been Sherlock’s father, were following behind. The family was walking through long grass, all smiles and late afternoon summer light. Sherlock’s father had his youngest's narrow frame and face – nothing like the imposing hulk of a man that John had imagined him to be.
Sherlock was chipping away at a small piece of flesh, and didn’t show any response to the waft of grease and cheese when John slid the boxes onto the table next to him. John waited for him to do so, but realised he’d be better off waiting for the sun to implode. At least that event was guaranteed to occur.
“Swimming,” he replied curtly as he levelled with the pair, and all three rounded the corner and began to walk up the path to Doyle’s front door.
“Let’s go, lanky.”
His friend pointed at a sign. “No. John, I refuse.”
Sherlock had smiled. “I would be a spectacular criminal,” he’d replied.
“John, please – ” Sherlock said, feeling his eyes prickle and blur. He had no idea why John was so upset, nor why he himself was either, but John stopped walking and bent down. “What are you doing?”
“You okay?”
The mousse came off his skin the same way it had gone on: greasily. He dragged the pad across his cheek, revealing a thick strip of pale grey.
Content warning for alcohol use by young minors and the F-slur. See parts to avoid
“Viola has sprung a concert on us. She’s done this before. She likes to show off our ‘talent’, as if she has something to do with it. I’m too sober for this – give me your beer.”
He wasn’t tired anymore. In fact, he was rather hungry. Yes; and thirsty as well.
“Oh. Yes.” Mike began heavily. “He probably wouldn't want me to tell you, but... perhaps you should know." He considered John for a moment, before humming to himself and seemed to make a decision.
One foot in front of the other in front of the other in front of the other. Feel the studs dig into the earth.
“I know it’s really small, but if you open the window you can dangle your legs out, and I kind of need you hanging over the edge a bit anyway,”
“…Okay, then. Thanks, I guess.”
[in which Sherlock spends a lot of time in the bathroom]
He muscled his way back to the Watsons, who were standing were he’d left them. As he was handing them their drinks, Mrs Watson pointed at the papers folded under his arm.
“Shh,” Sherlock replied. “Follow my lead.”
“John,” Sherlock said, just as John put his pencil to the paper.
John inhaled. “Will you look at that.”
Sherlock put his head on his desk and sighed.
Sherlock put his bow to the strings. “Exactly,” he said, and John sighed in exasperation and went back to his email.
John had stood up at some point in the previous thirty seconds. He only realised now, as he felt with his free hand for the edge of the desk.
“Wasn’t a big deal,” John replied truthfully.
I recommend following me on tumblr if you want to see some recently rediscovered, never-before-seen ancient Juxtaposition drafts, which is what I have scheduled to next lose my mind about over there. Previous topics I have lost my mind about have been some gorgeous art you guys have made, teasing you all with sneak peeks of upcoming chapters, and the sheer amount of love I feel when anyone interacts with me. My url is
He stopped on the threshold between the bathroom and the bedroom, the boundary between tile and carpet, and leant against the doorjamb. Sherlock was simply a lump in the duvet, still deeply asleep.
The main problem with the case was that they had so little to go on. Three words in yellow paint.
“She did,” confirmed his mum.
“Well?” demanded Sherlock. “What lies has she spread about me?”
Sherlock watched John’s eyes. They were sombre and focused as the brain behind them slid into mind set of a healer.
Sherlock had moved away from the phone a little, and his voice was soft. “John?” There was a pause. Rustling.
The bubbly dialling tone seemed to be going on forever – Harry wondered whether something had gone wrong and was about to end the call when John answered.
“No, we should – I need to check with Molly,” Sherlock said, beginning to walk towards the science block. John followed. “I could be…”
Sherlock laughed, and theh baker frowned as if he didn’t know why. They chatted a little more and the baker gave them two fresh pains aux chocolats for free when he handed over the others he'd bought.
“ – could be improved with some make-up,” Sherlock finished.
“Right, Johnny boy,” Charlie grinned at him. “You man enough for Rainbow Road?”
He heard Henry snort derisively but sleepily behind him and smiled.
“Sherlock!” John interjected. “Another word?”
Sherlock exhaled.
of you."
“John?”
John tried not to sound as if he had just heard the most shocking news he had heard all week. “Oh. Um, why?”
“I will waste away if I have to endure a reprise of AS Level biology,” muttered Sherlock.
“I don’t need time-management tips from you, you haven’t done any biology homework since about 2002,” John replied, then softened. “I didn’t write it down in my planner so I forgot about it until this evening. I’m sorry.”
“Umbrella,” Sherlock replied. John unzipped his backpack that was hanging on a bedpost, brought out a small, black umbrella and tapped Sherlock with it.
“Why am I tied up? Where’s my sister?” Muhammad asked, fear creeping into his voice.
And the hall fell silent.
It had been almost four weeks now since John had first set foot in room twenty-one, and never had the skin-crawling cliché ‘don’t judge a book by its cover’ been truer.
That Sunday was the worst Sunday John thought he’d ever experienced. Sherlock only replied to his texts to tell him he was too busy to talk. There was nothing on the telly that he could keep his mind on, and all of his family were out, so he had no-one to talk to. He checked the clock every hour or so to find that only five minutes had passed, the feeling in his stomach that had sparked the day before dulled by boredom.
There was a pause.
“Er, no, why?” Truth be told, Eddie was glad that he hadn’t. Interaction with that so-and-so was exhausting.
“Well. That is…” there was a pause. “Thank you.” It wasn’t much, but John knew that Sherlock was speaking as genuinely as he could, and John closed his eyes for a moment.
“Your brother put up a fight, bless him, he did a wonderful job,” Sherlock said as he walked over to Muhammad’s area, and peered at the books on the nightstand. “Ah! Clever boy – clever boy who reads all of these detective stories; he knows what the police, fictional or otherwise, would look for, the more clues the better.”
“Sherlock, or whatever your name is? You there?”
They remained in silence until they stepped out into the night air.
John didn’t hear him. He pulled his phone out of his pocket - but there were no texts or calls from Sherlock. Somehow, that only made him worry more.
“Oh, right.” John said. “Um, Sherlock, where are we going?”
“And yet you’re following me anyway,” Sherlock smirked, and he heard John sigh behind him.
“I didn’t mean what I said. To you and mum. I’ve missed you.”
Sherlock took the camera out from behind his back, and then many things happened in a very short amount of time.
He stood in Mrs Hudson’s living room, the ceiling so low that if he grew much more, his hair would scrape it. He adored this part of his home. It was so old that the exposed beams looked as if they were going to crumble any minute. The colours were deep and earthy, the furniture soft and worn. A fire was crackling in the hearth, and Mrs Hudson sat opposite him on the sofa, eyes closed.
“You have known me for under two weeks, you cannot possibly know what
“We have to go this way to avoid being seen by the teachers who will be trying to rectify the power cut,” he explained.
“I thought we could do deductions.”
Sherlock hastily toed off his shoes and placed them by his bag, John leading him into the kitchen.
The man turned around, and his expression immediately darkened. “Watson, what time do you call this? And you’re in your school uniform too – don’t tell me you’re injured, man, we need you next week.”
All of the Doyle sixth form was congregated in the foyer, along with nearly as many again from elsewhere – friends of Nadia and Muhammad, John guessed, all whooping and clapping. Lestrade was grinning proudly, with Nadia and Muhammad hand in hand next to him. Sarah was there as well, smiling. John glanced at Sherlock, who looked for all the world as if he’d just been doused in cold water.
Sherlock tried to answer, the rest of his chemistry class either glaring at him or obviously not doing so, but as soon as he opened his mouth he was interrupted by another sneeze. This was getting tedious; the skin around his nose was beginning to hurt from rubbing at it so much and it seemed the cold had curled itself around his head and turned his brain into much the same substance that was insisting on streaming from his nostrils.
“No, it’s no problem – ”
The village was quiet. The snow muffled all sound. Christmas decorations hung still from doorways and rooves. John didn’t remember any of what he was seeing from two nights ago when Mrs Hudson had driven him from the bus stop, but it had been so dark that he wasn’t surprised.
“What were you saying?” John resumed after having closed the door on a group of excitable ten year olds.
“I’m fine.”
“Wouldn’t want to break any expensive glasses. Would have to explain the hows and the wherefores,” John had reasoned when Sherlock had questioned the mugs.
“Sorry?”
At the corner of the pitch on Sherlock’s right, the crowd parted like the sea for Moses, and the St Bart’s team walked on. Coach, a boy Sherlock didn’t know, another, another, and he realised they were coming on in numerical order, so John was nearly at the back, boy after boy until –
But John, here. In his house. With his mess of a family. Sherlock felt the foreboding, the uncertainty, but he also felt the way the walls would be lit up by his smile. His feet on the floor that Sherlock had trodden since he could walk. John, here, under this roof, under his roof.
Sherlock did not. “Where were you due to meet up?”
A cheer went up.
The pages were filled with his scrawling hand writing, detailing experiments and cases and ideas and reminders.
“Right, boys, welcome back,” Lestrade started, flipping open the register. “First day of a new half term and George Osborne has some homework for you all.”
Sherlock stalked into the room, going to the window and staring down at the pupils streaming past the house after the last lesson of the day.
“Your bag’s on the bed,” John said, and Sherlock took that as an invitation to enter the room. It was small, but tidy, as was John’s way, with barely enough room to walk around the single bed and blow-up mattress on the floor. No desk, unlike his sister’s room, no space for furniture besides a bookcase and wardrobe. The walls were painted the same unpleasant yellow-beige as the rest of the tiny house, the bed clad in dark blue linen and one light in the centre of the ceiling. The window in the wall opposite the door gave a view of the house opposite, lit by the orange glow cast by a streetlight.
“Yeah, Ollie, explanation?” Eric demanded.
“Let me just take a picture to show mum and Harry and then we’ll go,” John replied, walking over to his piece. Sherlock followed at leisure as John got out his phone and held it up, pressing the shutter button. “Oh! Let me take one with you next to it.”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Well, you said girls weren’t your area, so…”
“Little bits of food that you’re not allowed to eat,” Sherlock dismissed, continuing on his way.
“Not really,” came the deadpan reply.
Sherlock sighed to himself before dusting himself down and picking up his phone from where it had landed on the concrete. The corner was a little chipped but it was otherwise unharmed.
Sherlock was still playing along. “Won’t you miss your family? What about getting your degree?”
“Sherlock.”
He climbed down from his bed as quietly as he could and grabbed his towel. In the shower, he made the water as cold as he could stand and tried to think of nothing at all, but his thoughts seemed attached to an elastic - as soon as they managed to inch away, they suddenly came flying back to Sherlock, to James, to Jamie, to every time he had ever looked at his friends’ skin and thought things that made him feel guilty. The worst thing of all, the one thing his thoughts would not hide from him, would not stop pinging back in his face, smarting like the smack of that elastic band against raw skin: a thrill. A feeling like he might be sick, but in a way that made his senses sharp and his blood electric. A longing to get closer. A desire to ignore the guilt and touch, smell, taste.
Louis gasped and nodded vigorously.
“I’ll tell him,” he called after her. When she turned around, he smiled. “I’m sure he’d love to go with you as a friend.”
“It was a very particular necklace. Sebastian Moran is lying about something.”
He jerked backwards, nearly falling. His coat was caught on something. In something. In John's fist.
“Of course, in small doses. He’s great if you want to have a proper, intelligent conversation with someone, but again, you’ve just got to be careful that you don’t catch him in a foul mood.” Mike explained. “But when you’ve got to live with him, like we did the last three years, he… well. Too much, you know? He’s a pretty intense guy.
The table burst out into laughter and John lost interest in his food.
. Six metres, four, three, one – door. Code. Inside. Stairs.
“No – why would I?”
“Don’t tell me you’re coming,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock put his finger to his lips as he had done the night before, then beckoned John out of bed with that same pale digit. John, after a moment of weary and confused hesitation, obliged, and half-stumbled down his ladder. He followed Sherlock to the radiator, where his friend was crouching. John did the same, and peered behind the apparatus. Sure enough, a tiny circular gadget was stuck somehow to the wall.
“Where are your nails?” Sherlock asked, and he felt like that same hand was squeezing his throat.
“Speak for yourself, darling,” Victor returned, and Sherlock rolled his eyes when the he turned his back to fetch the needles. “You’re still fucking gorgeous, though,” Victor turned around again, eyes raking up and down Sherlock’s body.
“Could, but won’t.” Sherlock retorted.
Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes, and John could hear the sarcasm dripping off the word for ‘please’. “Oh,
“I know. It will take some time. But I believe that being away from there, with all those memories, will help you so much. Honestly, John.” John looked down at his hands twisted in his lap. “By all means, honour your father’s memory. Remember him. But celebrate his life. Don’t dwell on his death. And try to think what he’d want you to do. He wouldn’t want you stuck in the past. He’d want you to enjoy your life, be brave, put yourself out there.”
“Holy crap,” mused Mike. “So who looks after him?”
By the time he managed to tear himself away from the market and into the enveloping warmth of a small café, he had very little time remaining until he had to be back at the Tube station nearest to his house. The barista was young, probably a university student in a holiday job, John thought (
The waltz Sherlock plays for John:
Luckily, the patient was only there for an injection, and John soon got him settled on a pew. He had just started looking through the desk drawers out of boredom when he heard Sherlock’s violin start up anew. Except it was
He didn’t reply for a while. John watched his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. It seemed a physical exertion to ask, in a tone John had never heard him use before, barely a whisper, hoarse and pleading, “Can I - ?”
“So how does being drunk differ from what happened last night?"
John exhaled, remembering, thinking. Then he realised he was supposed to be telling a story, an anecdote, not trying to psychoanalyse a friendship. So he went on.
John studied him for a moment. “You look too put-together to be a pirate,” he said. “Untuck your shirt and muss up your hair a little.”
“Okay…” Sherlock said, scanning the pages. “Well, for this first one you need ten eggs and some barley, which I don’t think we have to hand.”
The lights flicked off. How long had he been staring at the powder?
John broke into a run as the sergeant shouted another warning at him, slotting into the blank file at the back of his squad. He felt the eyes of the entire parade following him, and a particularly disappointed look from Seb Moran where he stood in front of his section. He breathed a quick “Hi,” to Lottie, who, in an uncanny turn of luck, was standing on his right, at ease.
“And how are you feeling about that?”
“Going rabid again and mauling you all to death,” Sherlock clarified.
“I'm not your servant! Get it yourself, mate!”
Instead of doing that, he walked over to the door to the ward and put his head through. Sherlock was in the same position he’d left him in, and John watched his chest rise and fall a few times before retreating.
The rain drizzled to a stop, the smell of damp making the cool air fresh.
However, John was sitting in assembly, Sherlock on his right, not paying attention, as usual, when the Head Master uttered the name ‘Bradstreet’ into the microphone, jerking John back to reality.
“Sherlock,” he whispered.
John shook his head to himself. “Fair enough.”
“As I’ve said, alcohol is in no way helpful. It makes people – ”
Sherlock looked as if he was sleeping. His lips were parted slightly, eyes shut tight. As John stood next to him, however, Sherlock’s eyelids opened, and he fixed John with a quizzical look.
They bickered for a while, before they came to a hedge, over which Sherlock nimbly leapt and then had to help haul John, which cut off the conversation. When they (
Viola and Mycroft were arguing about something John didn’t understand, and continued their rapid back-and-forth while clearing the table, Viola at one point brandishing the carving knife at Mycroft.
“Can you get up?”
Mrs Hudson was saying something to Sherlock about helping her with passing out the canapés, and John marvelled at the way he allowed her to order him around, at the look in his eyes, as if he felt deeply for her, and John supposed he would. From what he understood, Mrs Hudson had lived in this house since Sherlock’s mother had inherited it, and so Sherlock must have grown up with Mrs Hudson as an honorary grandmother. He looked like a little boy in her presence, despite his being almost a foot taller than her.
His thoughts turned to New Year’s Eve. He was excited, he realised. It was going to be interesting to see Sherlock’s house. He wanted to know what Sherlock’s bedroom was like more than anything. To see how it differed from his side of their room at school. And also to give him some context. So that when they spoke over text late at night, John would be able to imagine Sherlock in his actual bed, to give him a location, a starting point, in John’s mind.
There was a movement from the bed on the left side of the room. John did a double take. He hadn’t noticed the other boy in the room - he had been so perfectly still, lying on his back on his bed. Now, he was sitting bolt upright. He took in Mike with one swift glance and remarked in a baritone drawl, all tight consonants and a lifetime of private education,
Sherlock (somewhat reluctantly) handed her a copy and opened the other, flicking through until he found John’s article.
’ being his only advice. “So embarrassing,”
“Thank you Mrs Wats-“ Sherlock began.
“Oh, that,” Sherlock nodded. He had just enough self-control left to reply, “I’m not telling you that.”
“Don’t ask,” Sherlock interrupted. “Nobody knows, nobody really seems to care, and, in fact, it seems to be some sort of honour.”
"Oh - nothing. Just, he's in my chemistry class." John said, which wasn't a lie, but certainly wasn't the cause of his sigh.
That Friday, John’s rugby practise had begun at two thirty in the afternoon and hadn’t finished until dinner.
John played it again and again, faster and faster, with more and more accuracy.
John smiled. Hook, line, and sinker. His plan was to get Sherlock invested in what John was going to wear to the ball, to make him want John to look good and enjoy himself, and for that to sow a seed of longing to be there with him, which John would coax into a fledgling shrub by the middle of the month. John had not expected Janine to fertilise that seed by urging Sherlock to take her, but he didn’t mind the help.
“Someone’s nosey this evening,” John said, trying to work out how to end the email –
“Best costume now. I think it’s fair to say there was a clear winner here, but we must also give mention to Pullman for their impeccable Elvis quiffs. However, congratulations and kudos to the boys who bared their legs for us all; Dickens with
. “Did you see the way Charlotte -”
“Time to go, I think,” Sherlock said quietly. John handed him his violin and bow, and Sherlock gripped them.
The next evening, both boys sat, dejected, at their desks. Sherlock was plucking at his violin. John was staring at the ceiling.
“Er – what? No,”
It went on to list rules and instructions - where to be the next day at what time and so on - but the important bit was there in black and white: Sherlock had applied, and to be a lab technician, no less.
“Bullshit,” John repeated. “Bull. Shit!”
. Victor was in a green uniform with heavy boots, raking a flower bed. He didn’t usually work Sundays; punishment from his father for something. Probably caught high again.
“Yeah, you too,” John called and began to walk away.
“Nope,” John sighed, sitting up. “Practise starts again at eight. Good thing I haven’t got any homework.”
“Just got a girl in who’s a bit under the weather, I was wondering whether it was something we should be expecting more of,” John explained.
“Has Molly finished already?”
“Congratulations,” Sherlock said as John slowed to a walk, then stopped.
“So, without further ado, the winner of this year’s house music competition is…” The man paused for effect, and John saw Lestrade rub his hand over his mouth.
After a couple of moments of indecision, he took off again, turning right and sprinting.
“Excellent deduction,” Sherlock muttered wryly.
John crouched as well. There was a small furry bundle lying on the floor, seemingly totally nonplussed about all these people disturbing her slumber.
Sherlock couldn’t watch, so he watched John.
“Will you stop that?” John asked, hearing the annoyance seeping into his own voice despite his best efforts to remain civil. Sherlock didn’t put his face to the eyepiece, but also didn’t turn around again.
“When does your mother want you home?”
Mr and Mrs Holmes were out of the country for the weekend, and Mrs Hudson had taken Sherlock and Mycroft to a church service in the village. Sherlock had protested all the cold walk there, spouting theories of atheism and kicking the frosted leaves along the lane in his small anger. Mycroft had just stared straight ahead, his hold on Sherlock’s arm like iron.
A pause. “Okay. We’ll just have to find another source of information.”
“I have to be gone in a couple of hours. I just wanted to come and say hello to you both.”
The platform was almost deserted. One of the strip lights overhead was flickering, and John was struck by the sudden sub-zero temperatures after having been in a stuffy train carriage for so long. He wanted to put his hands in his pockets, but was wary of stretching the blazer even slightly. Then he remembered – he had a scarf, at least, that he had packed last-minute.
He felt his throat constrict first, then his stomach. Then he began
He was exhausted. He’d exhausted his mind, he’d exhausted the information in it, he’d exhausted himself. It was a long time to go without food and sleep, he knew that. He had also gone for longer.
“Neither do I, to be honest,” John admitted. “I tried it with Mary once, while I was, you know, but she just laughed at me and we didn’t finish and I didn’t speak to her for, like, a week.”
“Right,” John said, a little too brightly. “Phase one: popcorn and hot chocolate. You go and get the duvets from upstairs and I’ll sort out the food.”
“Yeah, but come on,” John replied. “You’re the vainest person I know, so you would think it.”
“Are you asking for me or for you?” His reply was met with a disbelieving glare from Harry.
“But to the other side of the world?” Sherlock looked up suddenly, and John saw some of his layers fall away. “Everything may be fine now, but in five years? If Mycroft gets the country embroiled in someone else’s conflict again and you are called to a war zone? If it’s - if it’s dangerous?”
He looked ragged. Undone. He was coming apart at the seams, his eyes red, sweat shining on his skin. His mouth was open, his breathing harsh and quick through it, his hair was wild.
The two of them launched into a heated debate about the pros and cons of a ‘purely testosterone-fuelled game, barely more than an organised fight, charging around with several people trying to forcibly bring you to the cold, wet, muddy ground, all for the sake of a ball’  - in Sherlock’s words. John set to investigating his side of the room a little further.
“You’re jumping to conclusions, we have little to no evidence to support anything – never make assumptions,” he muttered, crouching down. John saw him reach under the table and after a fraction of a second of hesitation, slide the cat out and push her next to the dog. “Give me the Guinea pig,” he instructed.
“Why are you reading the
, hatred of himself and of the world and of everyone in it, and John lowered his hands.
“Now we take it to the head master,” Sherlock declared.
“Maybe Molly would accept you as a consolation prize?” Jamie suggested, but a pupil opened the door and their conversation cut short.
“Sherlock.”
“Best one I’ve had,” Sherlock replied.
“Like Black Beard?”
“He’s only two years older than me, anyway,” Sherlock mumbled.
“No, sir,” Angelo muttered.
“‘As he has now, as of Sunday 10
John and Sherlock stood at the window, side by side. John felt the wind buffeting him, blowing his hair away from his head and a shiver down his spine. This was Sherlock’s roof. John felt overwhelmed. By the darkness of the night, by the brightness of the stars and the moon, by the icy air, by the gentleness of Sherlock’s admission.
“Okay.
, you know, more curly and thick, and he was so skinny, he looked like a fucking stick insect.”
He settled the violin beneath his chin and put his bow to the strings.
“There’s no point!”
John and Mike chatted about Mike’s apparently failing relationship with the girlfriend he was going to meet up with as they walked through the house. Harry had to admit to herself that Doyle didn’t seem nearly as unpleasant as she’d imagined. She supposed it was only natural for her to imagine the place that took her brother away from home to be Draconian and run down, but she was overwhelmingly glad each time they rounded a corner and the walls remained clean, neutral colours, the pictures hanging there remained full of smiling faces, the carpet remained vacuumed, the boys they passed remained surprisingly normal – much like the boys Harry passed on the street or in her school, save the more expensive clothes and actually half decent haircuts.
“You are such…”
Sherlock pushed open the door with his free hand, and they went into the small room.
“All right, John, if you say so,” Dan responded with a sad smile.
John had been given permission to leave school for the day, to take the train down to London in the morning to see his therapist, then spend some time at home, and come back in the evening.
She still wasn’t convinced, but let it slide. “Would you say you’ve made friends?”
And nothing more as of yet. His handwriting was neat but unrefined. No cursive. His planner was open on the table, and Sherlock flicked the page over to the previous week’s spread. Every listed piece of homework had a detailed description of what was to be done, when by, and a tick.
Sherlock held up his bottle for a toast. “Happy New Year, John.”
“In my room.”
“What?” he asked, putting his other arm through the other sleeve and trying not to button the shirt too hastily.
“Yeah, I mean, incredible, but -”
Eight.
. I’ll text her. She’ll be more likely to see that.”
Sherlock pushes himself off and flings himself away. "Then what is the
The cookie tasting was a good way to spend the afternoon, though by the time they were finished, Sherlock’s back was starting to ache fiercely. He turned on the heated seats in their rental car and was glad for the relief the heat provided, and by the time they made it back to their cottage, he was feeling better. “I’m in for a nap,” Sherlock said, kicking off his shoes and heading for their bedroom. “I’m entitled to an afternoon of laziness on Christmas Eve. I’m nearly forty-one weeks pregnant and just spent the majority of my day out and about on holiday.”
Somehow, he’d run out of laces when he’d had just enough that morning. He frowned and looked down, trying to figure out what had changed. “You’re run out of laces,” he said, glancing at the nearly four inches of undone corset at the top. “I don’t know how, unless I’ve not done it tight enough.”
John nodded and gave a narrow smile. "Of course, Sherlock. Of course."
"Yeah," John breathed, and laid his hands on Sherlock's exposed belly. "I think we will. I can hardly wait."
Sherlock nodded. "But regardless, I think we'll make a…an ideal team."
Somehow, his more-than-tipsy Alpha managed to fall asleep at the reins, despite the bumpy ride. Sherlock sighed and took them up, letting John snore inelegantly beside him. The horse knew the way almost as well as Sherlock did, and the roads were near deserted thanks to the hour and the weather. He winced when the carriage wheel hit a pothole, jarring the seat and sending a sharp pain up his back. John stayed sleeping soundly, his head lolling against the seat back as the carriage righted itself and swayed back to level.
A light meal was served, catering to Sherlock’s condition. A feast like they’d usually have just wouldn’t suit, since one member of the party couldn’t eat a plate full. He barely finished his small portion as it was, and demurely turned down dessert. He pulled John close and whispered in his ear while mummy and father cleared the plates. “I need...my stays adjusted,” he said, his cheeks flushing. “I’m being dug into, and I need loosened.”
Sherlock wasn’t hungry, but the smell of the food was enough to have him digging into his plate anyway. He cleared away the turkey first, then dipped his Yorkshire pudding into the gravy and ate it too. John was taking a similar approach, though he’d eaten a little more than Sherlock had already. Sherlock smiled to himself and kept eating, polishing off the brussels sprouts in short order. By the time he got to the mashed potatoes, he was beginning to feel rather full - he had, to be fair, eaten an entire Christmas meal and seconds not six hours ago. He finished the mashed potatoes slowly and used another Yorkshire pudding to soak up the cranberry sauce. The stuffing was last, and it was the slowest he’d eaten yet. He took a drink of water and leaned back in his chair, feeling very full.
“Ow,” John sympathized, brushing the dark hair out of Sherlock’s eyes. “Got a bit lost, there at the end. Didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Well, our
When Sherlock awoke the next morning, it was to the sound of John behind him, murmuring their daughter’s name quietly with his hand on Sherlock’s belly. The baby kicked inside him, the movement just barely able to be felt - but she was growing stronger every day.
John turns to Sherlock, whose face has gone carefully blank again. John, though, is done. Days and weeks of pent-up emotion have seeped into his chest and festered, becoming something toxic and repulsive.
So, now that it is a tangible possibility, why does it make him nearly sick with worry?
John’s words were distant and muffled in his ears, but John’s hand on his cheek guided him to look up. John looked so worried - so tired, and so worried for them both. Sherlock didn’t have the ability to worry right now - his task was much more arduous than that. He kissed John’s wrist and put his hand low on his belly, pressing it into the taut skin with his own hand on top. “Almost here,” he breathed, and watched as John’s eyes lit up with hope.
He watched himself in the mirror as he drank. To his horror, his belly started to cramp and ripple after the first few sips, and the line that defined where his skin stretched to accommodate his crammed stomach became even more pronounced. He let out a sob, trembling, and kept drinking.
Sherlock is on the sofa, but it is not the vacant-eyed, limp sprawl of those earlier days. He is on his back, and one hand is loosely, almost self-consciously covering one breast. The other is resting on his stomach, fingers just over the line of his scar.
He woke up once more at 2:31, and again at 2:53. “No,” he informed his middle, getting up again to go walk through the cottage. He glanced outside - still snowing, with snow as far as the eye could see. He was about to go back to bed after another nasty cramp at 3:13 when John emerged from the bedroom and stared him down.
Sherlock was quiet, relaxing only a little into John’s touch. “I’m not sure I’m okay with my body pretending to want...a baby,” he finished, his voice hushed.
“I want her to come out, too. Go back and see papa. I’ll be back out in a minute.” He ushered Cara back toward the door, and the sound of her footsteps echoed down the hallway as she headed back to the living room.
“Actually, she’s pretty big for a baby,” he said, sounding slightly impressed. “Should’ve weighed her before I dressed her. Mind if I do that now?” he asked, reaching out for the baby.
"Tomorrow, we'll make butter. We have a calf to feed, however, draw out enough to fill this bottle." Sherlock handed John a white bottle and pointed to the spout, and then rose as he stacked the last of the cartons up again. John filled the bottle with milk and handed it to Sherlock, who snapped on a rubber nipple and led the way out of the milk house again.
"Sherlock, are you-"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked at his mate. He made a pensive face and shrugged. “So long as you do all the work, I won’t mind. I don’t feel very attractive at the moment, but-“
"Sentiment, John, you've not tasted me yet-"
“She moved,” Sherlock said. “Look.” He hauled himself up, pulled his shirt up over the bump, and turned to the side, running his finger along the bottom of his belly to show John how the baby had shifted. “She’s deeper in, now. I woke up when she did it. It feels awful,” he said honestly. He’d been unable to totally shake the way this new position made him feel like he needed to drop to his knees and spread his legs wide - something about the way she was positioned inside him made him feel like his hips needed to be splayed as far open as he could get them.
John put their take-home portions of pasta in the fridge while Sherlock changed clothes. The milk for their hot cocoa was just starting to steam in the pot when Sherlock emerged from the bedroom in his pajamas, looking very cosy. John said as much and Sherlock smiled, giving John an indulgent kiss on the cheek and leaning back against the counter.
Behind him, John was in awe. He’d watched in the mirror as Sherlock’s body, powerful beyond measure, delivered their first child and brought Sherlock to orgasm simultaneously. Now, their child was squalling in Sherlock’s arms, purple and slick with dark hair and puffy cheeks. She -
Sherlock wasn’t so sure, but he shoved hard anyway and the burning came back. He knew he was shouting this time, bearing down as hard as he could. The white-hot pain crested and just when he thought it couldn’t get any worse, he felt Joanna’s body slide fast and slick out of his own, and just like that --
"Don't fret about the sheep, John. That's the first time I've checked them in three weeks. They're low maintenance, the least of your worries." Sherlock started back up the hill, snapping his fingers. John was about to protest being treated like a dog when the
Christmas morning dawned bright and clear - and cold. John stomped back into the house, toes numb and nose red with the chill.
Sherlock was just a little bit breathless and he tugged on John’s hand to slow down. “Thirty-five weeks’ worth of baby is a bit much to lug around at a quick pace,” he huffed, walking slowly until he’d caught his breath.
“Incredible,” John said, “Amazing.” He wasn’t sure whether he meant Sherlock or Joanna, but it really didn’t matter, in the end.
John clears his throat and nods. “Yeah. Um, Friday, I think. The hospital’s...they’re not going to keep her there much longer.” He looks around blankly. “I’ll let you know where and when.”
Sherlock shakes his head. "Can't," he says. "I can't, it hurts, I can't."
Sherlock let out a noise very close to a moan when John rubbed his arches. “Remind me of how good this feels in about a month,” he said, his eyes falling shut. “I’ll suck you off as belated thanks.”
And she was beautiful. He clutched her to himself, holding her close and secure, counting her fingers and toes and
Sherlock twisted his upper body and reached out for John, pulling him close and kissing him wetly and open-mouthed. John moaned Sherlock’s name and adjusted their positions, pulling himself half on top of Sherlock and rutting against his hip. His hand slid down between their bodies and wrapped around Sherlock’s cock, pulling him off in short, quick strokes. Sherlock shuddered with pleasure, eyes falling closed, and ground down into John’s touches. “More,” he gasped, breathing too quickly for kissing now.
“Bill, I swear to god – ”
, though,”
John gave him an appeasing look, then turned back to his family.
Sherlock stilled, eyelids fluttering before opening. His white eyes found John’s blue, and John smiled.
He could still feel the pressure of John’s hand on his waist.
Sherlock sighed. “I can’t get a degree in consulting detective-ology, so I don’t see the point of going.”
He had reluctantly let his therapist flick through his drawings on his last visit. She had nodded and made approving sounds every now and again, and had questioned whether this was becoming more of a visual diary than a record of how he was feeling, and he had pointed out how the two things were barely indistinguishable from each other, and she had given it back to him. What she had said was true, to some extent; as he looked back over the pages since he’d started at Bart’s, certain events did jump out at him. There was the tube of paint he’d thrown at Sherlock, there were the studs of his army boot caked in mud – that hadn’t been a good day. Sherlock’s violin, after his panic attack; the school crest on the day that he’d played his first rugby match – they’d lost, but respectably. John smiled at the memory of Mike doing a spectacular double forward roll as he tripped over one of the other players – they still hadn’t let him live that down.
Sherlock very slowly shifted his gaze from a spot in the middle distance to Anderson’s face. He looked him up and down and smirked. “Anderson,” he drawled. “We meet again.”
Sherlock looked so small and frail, with his big hair and bony face, wrapped in his duvet on top of the fridge. John set his own mug on his desk and went up to him, and held out the mug for him to take, but Sherlock was far away, out of reach again. John took Sherlock’s hand and wrapped it around the mug, such cold against such warmth. The hand curled around it and John slowly retracted his own, lest Sherlock forget and let his fingers go limp.
“That’s not what I meant,” John sighed.
“Hope you’re hungry,” John said, smiling.
“Why would she, though? What reason would she have to conceal what she’d eaten?” his roommate mused. “And anyway, I’m pretty sure she’s not.”
“I don’t give a monkey’s, John. I expect to see you in my kitchen on Saturday evening.”
So he got the biscuits and sent back an agreement. He had nothing better to do with his day anyway.
kind of weird.”
“Hm,” Sally said, considering him as if a particularly difficult algebraic equation. “Maybe you’re just as much of a freak as him.”
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed absently
“You have until midday Friday to cast your vote with me. The results will be announced on Saturday. Okay, boys, time for assembly, let’s go.”
“Les hommes pensent que les féministes détestent le sexe,” John said, and then laughed at Sherlock’s confusion. “I’ll play it for you, hold on.”
A man Sherlock didn’t recognise was in his living room.
The door opened onto a staircase that led down into the basement, where he supposed the man with whom Sherlock was currently occupied lived. He slowly crept down the steps and as he did, more and more of the room revealed itself to him. There was a white sofa in the centre, with a coffee table covered in all sorts of drug paraphernalia in front of it, with some sort of power on the floor next to it. A large flat screen television was mounted on the wall opposite the king sized bed, on which was lying a small boy.
“Oi! Who’s in there? That’s a private area!”
“Janine sent me away. She’s upset with me,” Sherlock replied, taking off his coat.
“Me too.”
"Aha. I thought so. Dead father, then." John made a noise of protest, but Sherlock carried on. "Anyway, you checked the screen, and upon seeing who they were from, put the phone down again and ignored them. And no, I haven’t touched any of your belongings or gone through your things. I haven’t seen your Facebook. This is pure observation, John. It’s what I do.”
John fell asleep on the phone to Sherlock three times during the half-term holiday. Each time, Sherlock had to summon every ounce of self-control he had to disconnect the call. He knew it would have been silly to fall asleep on the call too, to wake up to John waking up, to run up both of their phone bills - but he desperately, achingly wanted to. He knew John had been more shaken up by the attack than he was letting on, and combined with the events of the swimming pool, Sherlock was feeling what John had told him he couldn’t feel - protective. It was a new feeling, a fierce feeling akin to anger, but ever so much scarier, because it felt like John was lodged somewhere in his heart. Or that he wanted him to be. They say never to remove the knife that stabbed you, because it’s the cork, it’s the dam, it’s the floodgate. Sherlock knew that if ever John were to try to remove himself from that bloody, tangled mess of veins and valves, Sherlock wouldn’t be long for the world.
“For how long?”
An idea had been half-formed in John’s mind for the past couple of days. Something he had almost considered trying to get Mike alone to talk about, but hadn’t been able to decide if he had the courage. But luck - good or bad, John didn’t know - had done that for him, as if telling him to take the opportunity. Each second that ticked past was a second closer to Lestrade bursting in and bursting the bubble and taking that chance away from John. He knew he had to do it. He knew that if he did, however tactful he tried to be, he would be laying himself very, very bare to this boy. He tried to remember his kind, concerned face from earlier, to hold onto it. He knew that that kindness would not waver, but that didn’t stop a nervous flutter sparking in his belly.
“God, Sherlock, what happened to you?”
His mother’s footsteps along the corridor. A knock at his door.
“Is it?” John said, and Sherlock saw a red mark appear on John’s forehead. He turned around, aiming his gun at the direction from which the beams seemed to be coming, up towards the viewing gallery.
. He had meant
“Hooper, your isolation’s up.” The teacher at the door said. “Lunch is just about to end. Go and get your books for your next lesson.”
“Because I have yet to return some books that are a couple of years overdue, therefore, as you can imagine, I’m not very popular among the librarians. So, thank you.”
“Long story,” John replied. “I’m sure you’ll find out sooner or later.”
Sherlock hopped off the bed he was sitting on and began walking over to Angelica’s. “Has anyone else been feeling – ”
When he’d turned back around again, John frowned, noticing now the smudges of orange on his white collar. The boy had looked at him as if no-one had spoken to him yet that day, as if he’d believed himself to be a ghost, invisible.
posted a story. It was a shaky photograph of Sherlock walking behind a teacher in the exam hall.
Another text.
“Pl…”
Sherlock answered by way of a miniscule cock of his head and a smirk.
“Alright,” Sherlock conceded. “If you’re fine with me getting my cold germs all over the kitchen…”
Robbed anything worth more than ten pounds; slapped a sibling; had sex in public; had sex outside; got with anyone in more than three counties of England.
John sat down heavily on his desk. “Will you get to keep your other grades or will you fail all your exams?”
“Stupid boy,” she said, and pushed him away after a moment.
“Uh…”
“You do it all the time.”
They re-entered the house via the front door, discarding their coats and trying to shake the snow from their shoes. The warmth of the house after the sub-zero temperatures outside brought colour to their cheeks. Their shoes were now snow-less but soggy, so they decided to take them off. The same decision was made about their blazers, the garments suddenly too hot, too constricting.
Sherlock shot him a smile when he sat back down. John’s mother took his and Sherlock’s prize envelopes from them to store in her handbag, and seeing them both in her hand made John’s heart do something.
The boy had a single defender just centimetres behind him, his hand extended towards him, trying to grab onto the back of his shirt. The hand reached and reached – but the boy dove forward and the fist closed on air.
They were both silent for a moment, listening to each other’s breathing.
“Jesus…”
“You look like that sand castle’s offended you,” John said, grinning at the expression on his friend’s little face. He had a plastic shovel in one hand and appeared to be patting down the sand of the roof of a sandcastle with it. “It’s your hair I can’t get over, Jesus...”
For lack of anything else to do, Sherlock imagined a stranger looking in upon their room. A room with a bare door save the number twenty one in the corner. A room with assorted items of clothing, pieces of paper, books, shoes, bags, and god knew what else discarded on the floor. One bed’s dark sheets perfectly made, the other with the navy duvet scrunched up at one end, its owner having lain in that morning until he had had two minutes to leave the house until both inhabitants were going to be late for church. One desk neatly tidied, books in subject order and objects piled with intention, while the one opposite was barely visible under various Petri dishes and chemicals and scientific equipment and notebooks and infinite other trinkets, the importance of which came and went. One large black coat draped over the back of a chair, one pair of army boots tucked underneath the one opposite, one violin, one skull, two boys. One sitting, curled up, all angles and edges, on top of a mini fridge, the other putting all of those angles and edges onto paper. Two boys, some classical music, a pad of paper, and the smell of toast still lingering as the newest among those of deodorant, ash, and bulk-bought laundry powder.
So Sherlock knew. John told himself to calm down. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t be able to care less – he had plenty of evidence to back that up. He knew it was just the adjustment to another person knowing the thing he’d tried hardest to bury. And he also knew that if there was one person in this world he could trust, it was Sherlock, despite everything. So he took a breath and pushed his thoughts away.
“But I never get colds,” his friend complained. “What have I done to deserve this?”
, looked him straight in the eye, as if this were perfectly normal, as if he’d seen Sherlock’s bare chest before, and continued his rant about the year tens playing some sort of music that John didn’t like ‘much too loudly for seven in the morning’, forcing John to cut his shower short.
John raised an eyebrow. “If you really want to know, my dad died during the Wars, my sister’s gay, and I kind of used to have a, uh, crush on the boy. So.” He cleared his throat. “Um. He was just being an arse, basically.”
“John – ” Sherlock began.
A tangle of limbs underwater, and John opened his eyes to see Sherlock looking back at him. John raised his middle finger as the bubbles around them cleared, and Sherlock raised his own in return. John felt himself grin as he let himself float to the surface.
“And I ignored you.” John replied.
“I thought you only did that at night,” John questioned.
He opened his eyes at around midnight, he guessed. He had been dozing since around ten. He wasn’t even sure what he and John had done until they’d gone to bed. The hours had seemed to dissolve into the flow of John’s laughter.
“It’s… fine.”
“John would kill me if I didn’t,” Sherlock confessed, breaking his butler act and making Mrs Watson laugh. The boy had a way with people, Harry would give him that.
The secretary had tried to make the isolated PDS students go to lunch, but had quickly backed down after Sherlock had asked him about his wife’s affair.
“Platoon! Platoon… ‘shun!”
“Yeah,” John said. Seeing Sherlock was about to chastise him for his lack of precision, he clarified. “The san.”
The boys fell silent and watched as news of the explosion developed. Neither slept that night.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s better,” he said, giving him a smile. “Spag bol all right with you?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“It’s been four years. I don’t think he could have risen from that crash, John. And I think you know it, too.”
Sherlock watched his family talk, observing the lines in his mother’s skin and his brother’s receding hairline. He fiddled with his cutlery and tried his best not to think about their funerals.
“Then he will be overjoyed,” John replied. “Come on, Sherlock, dance with me.”
It was an email – from John. He had forwarded something to him, with the addition of:
“Doesn’t that piss you off?” John asked. When Sherlock didn’t answer, he explained. “Like, it kind of pisses me off when Dave sleeps over, because I know he’s sleeping where my dad used to sleep. It’s a dumb thing to be pissed off about, but I can’t help it.”
“But how could M have known about that? And why would M be telling us about danger when M was the one creating the danger? It makes no sense.”
“Yes, I know. And you have been thus for over forty-eight hours now and have made no efforts to rectify the situation.”
“Well, yes, to be honest.” replied John.
He took a small run-up, planted his feet, and let his momentum carry him towards John, instinctively putting his arms out for balance. John was laughing at him, and it was sufficient to distract Sherlock so that he didn’t realise he was going to crash into his friend until it was too late.
John looked at the cards he held close to his chest. Nestled within the others were three sixes. He frowned. “Bullshit,” he said.
Until they turned a corner and all of a sudden, there it was. A large house, up a small hill.
John snorted in surprise, but stopped himself.
“Well, first of all, you’re here and I don’t think you’d particularly enjoy a house party with lots of drunk people you don’t know,” John resumed suddenly. Sherlock opened an eye. “And Mary and I have both moved on from each other. She helped me get back on my feet after dad, but then things started to become not so good at home, and I was stressed out and it wasn’t good for her. And so we thought it would be best to get it over with and save each other the awkward, drifting-apart stage.” He laughed. “I can’t believe I’m talking about girls with you.”
“Yeah, whatever,” John replied, and he lifted the laptop so that Harry and her mother were briefly afforded a wobbly view of more of the same bed and desk and the corner of a chest of drawers before everything blurred and pixelated a little as John turned the laptop around and walked somewhere.
“Mr Jingles,” Percy replied solemnly. “But everyone just called him Jingles.”
Sherlock had the good sense to take a step back; the vein in Angelo’s neck looked as if it were about to burst.
“But you hate sewing!” John exclaimed. Harry smiled shyly. John ran his thumb over the wobbly lettering. “
“No, I know you don’t,” Mycroft said, crossing his legs and smiling in the way that made Sherlock feel about two inches tall. “Which is why I said
, John thought distantly.
Mike avoided his eyes and shook his head. "We were young, we were angry at him, we were..." he sighed. "I can't justify it now. It became our normal, our status quo. I wish we had seen sense, I wish we had known what was coming, but... we were blind." A pause. Mike cleared his throat.
“I think that whatever my opinion on the matter, you’re just going to go ahead and do it anyway,” Sherlock replied, making his brother sigh.
“’Kay,” John said to himself, seemingly finished with fiddling with the lamps. “Is this too close?”
Content warning for child kidnapping and the drug rohypnol. More details and parts to avoid
John felt his jaw fall open as Sherlock indicated for Angelo to lead the way. John attempted several times on the walk to Dickens to catch Sherlock’s attention, to ask him
Sherlock frowned and looked at her. She was looking at him intently, solemnly. Hair drawn back into a pony tail, a little too much make up for a woman of her age. Eyebrows plucked a little too thin. Harry’s freckles and stature. But his blue eyes, his matter-of-fact mouth.
“I think you’re going to love your birthday present this year. Harry and I found it just a few days ago.”
“I have to say, I felt so bad last year when it was decided that you, a poor, innocent new kid, would be rooming with him, but to be honest, everyone, myself included, was just so relieved to not have to share a dorm with him anymore.” Mike confessed.
Sherlock had desperately hoped, when he’d persuaded Victor to let him switch to the needles, he would never have found himself in that situation ever again – but he needed to concentrate.
The secretary came over and handed him a sheet of paper. The boy –
“Never have I ever robbed a shop of anything worth more than ten pounds.” John was the only one who clapped.
“I know you want to, but it’s best to let him be. He’ll be fine.” he said softly.
John looked up when he realised that Sherlock was talking to him. “What time is it? Like, ten?”
And John,
“You’re going to get in trouble for leaving detention early,” Sherlock said.
“Sorry, am I missing something?” Sarah cut in.
” He put down the pestle and stepped into Sherlock’s space, Sherlock panicking for a split second before John grasped his face with his hands, continuing to whisper-sing. “
“Oh, God, we do - I feel like an idiot, I only saw you a few hours ago,” John apologised.
“Bed.”
“No, that’s what I’m saying,” John insisted. “You know when you’re giving someone an injection and you have to get rid of the air bubbles?” He looked around for support, but saw blank faces except for Sherlock’s, whose gaze was intense and serious, but encouraging. “Because if you don’t and you push air into someone’s blood, it kills them almost instantly. So, I was just thinking, you might not need access to all sorts of chemicals to…” his voice faltered upon seeing no change in his companions’ expressions.
“Where have you been?” John had mumbled, still mostly asleep.
John, having failed to get Sherlock’s attention orally – his eyebrows furrowed, fork waving dangerously in the air as he gesticulated – John had grabbed his chin between his finger and thumb and titled his face up so his line of sight was no longer honed in on the plate of pasta before him.
“Sorry sir,” mumbled Mike and the other boys, John hastily following suit.
“Don’t worry,” Habiba told John. “We’ll kill him for you!” She and the other girls raised their wands and Sherlock very nearly panicked. They pointed them at Sherlock and Habiba shouted “Avada Kedavra!”
He could hear Lestrade chuckling quietly to himself on the landing. As John entered room twenty-one, the housemaster called goodnight to the house and made his way back downstairs.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but complied, standing next to the piece. He put his hands behind his back and looked into the lens. John took a picture, and then lowered the phone a little.
“What about your house master, is he as nice as he seemed in the brochure?”
Sherlock leaned over to the sink, took a cup off the sideboard and filled it with water. “Tired,” he said, taking a sip.
“Just find Mike, he’ll know what to do,” he said, leading John out of the common room and up the stairs.
Sherlock grinned, but made sure John couldn’t hear it in his voice. “Piss off, John Watson.”
“Great joke,” John said sarcastically, and Sherlock huffed again, throwing himself back onto the bed. He curled on his side, watching John bustle about in the waiting area. He was rearranging a pin board full of posters, and Sherlock could feel himself falling asleep.
“Yes, sir.” replied Sherlock flatly.
“It’s beautiful, John.”
Then, John turned around, his eyes finding Sherlock’s. “You’ve got a first aid kit, right?”
“Well, I’m sorry about your little Rembrandt situation, but I’m going back to bed,” Raz said, zipping up his hoodie and making to walk off.
get any seniority?” John whispered to Sherlock, also tracking Moriarty’s journey onto the stage. And then Moriarty seemed to look across the sea of heads right at John, holding his gaze for a millisecond before casting it leisurely around the room. As the hall sat back down, John tried to shake himself back into discomfort over the heat, into boredom over the headmaster’s speech, but it took some time before he could shake off the feeling of those dark eyes on him.
“This performance was wonderfully dramatic, and it felt well-rehearsed and well-polished. The singing was well-enunciated and strong, the costumes were spot on, and our congratulations go to their head for their vision.”
The talking continued for a few moments, before the boy at the piano counted down from four and Sherlock tucked his violin under his chin and began to play.
John looked up to see Sherlock walking towards them across the quadrangle. He felt heat rise to his cheeks and he scrambled to his feet. Sherlock cast a glance at the girls, John, and Charlie, who was leisurely getting up as if from a long nap.
John stopped in his tracks. “How did you get my number?”
After his mother had gone, John heaved himself to his feet and began to undress.
As John approached the san, a memory surfaced; a memory that felt like it was from eons ago.
“Morning, mum,” he said.
John swept his eyes around room twenty-one. It was bare, the first time he had seen it thus since… well, ever.
It was time for lunch. Maybe food would help.
The police station was boring anyway. Or, more specifically, this entire village was boring, and therefore the police force had nothing to do except sit around and chat for hours on end, which made them, by default, vapid and quotidian beings and Sherlock wanted to pound his head on the slate tiles of the rooftops with the monotony of it all.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This game is way more fun when you’re drunk,” John said suddenly, ripping the paper off his forehead and doing the same to Sherlock’s before he had a chance to look at what was written there. He scrunched the names up into a ball and dropped them into the bin under his desk.
, Sherlock frowned. “And this is played on the radio?”
The group laughed.
Lestrade held up his hands. “Go talk to him, yeah? That’s all I’m saying. He’s been a lot better since you two started – ”
Sherlock remembered nothing else from that service aside from one song that he’d been very careful not to delete. A capella, the voices soaring up into the creaking rafters, swelling and falling, then rising again, and in all of Sherlock’s eleven long years, never did he think he’d ever be captivated so by something coming out of an assortment of such painfully average-looking middle-aged mouths.
from that, snarky bastard,” John replied. “No – I know what you want,” he continued as Sherlock opened his mouth to reply. “You want lunch.” Sherlock closed his mouth and gave John a look. “Okay, maybe you don’t,” John said, unfased, “but I do, and considering I didn’t have any breakfast, I think brunch is a top priority.”
John sighed. “Fine. Come up here and show me that suit, then.”
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, he did.” He replied warily.
Blue uniform, an identification badge, a medical kit on the coffee table in front of him.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Harry said, breathless from laughter. “Let me get this straight,”
“Are you genuinely interested or still trying to make up for earlier?”
The previous evening had been a blur of intensive conversation with Angelo, finally getting him to admit his less-than favourable alibi, then Sherlock running into the greying light, John following. The slapping of their school shoes against the concrete until they were out of the school’s boundaries. Walking under the purpling sky. Sherlock’s pale skin against the blue of the evening. Quick conversation. The village’s smoking chimneys. Banging on the door of the head of the local police. Trying not to sound like deluded schoolboys. The falling blackness, peppered by stars, aeroplanes, satellites. Finally,
“As you will all have noticed, we’ve only just finished extending the stage,” the khaki man explained, raising his voice over that of the wind outside. “The wings aren’t up yet, and we haven’t got any of the instruments wired up or anything, but everything will be finished for tomorrow night. Now, do you guys have any special requests – dry ice, maybe?”
Harry was explaining technical things to Sherlock, and he was only half listening.
“Come on, then, sick one; let’s go.”
“Where are you going?” John called.
Room twenty-one was still empty when John returned to it. He pocketed his wallet, grabbed his backpack, and had one foot out of the door when it occurred to him that he should let Sherlock know where he was. He tore a page from the back of his English book, having failed to locate a pad of paper, and quickly scrawled a note. He folded it in half, addressed it and left it in the only place Sherlock was guaranteed to see it – the middle of the floor.
“Maestro,” Sherlock said, ducking his head with mock respect.
This confused John a little. “When
“Sorry, sir, we were – ” John began, but his excuse was drowned under an eruption of wolf-whistles and laughter from the class. John took a breath and scanned the room for Mike. He was sitting next to Molly, who was trying to hide her smile and abruptly looked down when she caught John’s eye. Mike simply shrugged, and John could hear exactly what he would be saying –
John hadn’t seen him before. He looked to be quite young for a teacher, no older than mid thirties. His dark, close-cropped hair had silvering streaks that matched his grey eyes.
, John thought, biting back the response. “He’s… pretty unique, yeah,” he said, hoping the conversation would move along.
John quietly got up from the sofa and had turned to leave when Mike called out.
“Er, yeah,” Mike looked relieved to have been put out of his misery. “Sorry, you don’t have to answer if -”
Sherlock’s feet were moving before he’d made the conscious decision to do so. He left the beer on a table in the hall, and returned from Mrs Hudson’s house with a small plastic tub.
“Clara,” he said, a little louder now. “You’ve got to go home.”
“I wish you could come with me on all my journeys,” John said to him.
Once enveloped by the half-gloom and old-wood smell of the building, John checked his timetable for the umpteenth time. The slip of paper was already falling apart at the creases where John had folded it and unfolded it so many times, checking and rechecking his lessons. According to it, John’s first lesson at St. Bart’s was in lab eleven. He turned to Sherlock to ask him where it was, but the boy’s unnecessarily tall form was nowhere to be seen.
The pause lasted an eternity, and John only realised he was holding his breath again when he felt his lungs begin to burn.
, I don’t think Doctor Hope’s your biggest fan right now.”
“Those too.”
“But you do, don’t you see?” Victor laughed. “I provide the drugs, and you can’t live without them. Ergo,” he took Sherlock’s arm again, raising it. “You belong to me.”
But then a flash of maroon and blue streaked up the wing, within metres of Sherlock, and the boy had the ball held in front of him, and there was a wall of defenders in front of him and it seemed he was on a kamikaze mission, heading straight for them – but at the very last second he passed. If the defenders had been quicker, they could have caught it, but they weren’t, and they didn’t, and the ball was gone, carried by someone else up the pitch. But Sherlock’s attention was still on the boy who’d made the run, who had slowed to a halt in front of the dumbstruck Dickens players, who were glaring at him. But the boy gave them a radiant, triumphant smile, and Sherlock realised – it was John.
“Waiting for you to play me something,” John replied, leaning his head back and making himself comfortable.
’? Was there etiquette to be followed?
Upon stepping across the threshold into his home, John heard the sound of the radio in the kitchen blasting the end of a song at full volume. He supposed that Harry must have got up, and he walked through to get Sherlock a glass of water, knowing his friend was behind him.
He closed the door.
Sherlock followed John out of the room and down the stairs. In the common room, some of the upper sixth were playing snooker – not entirely abiding by the rules, Sherlock suspected, if the boy lying on the table trying to obstruct the path of the balls was anything to go by – and a year ten was microwaving something foul-smelling.
