He ends up sitting on the floor with a sketch he keeps in the workshop on his lap as the bots move around him, the sound of their joints and their wheels soothing and comforting in between all the chaos in his mind.
Steve thinks, imagining how they would both look on camera as they lose themselves on this embrace where only they exist and the rest of the world fades away.
It’s a silent request for permission and Steve answers silently in kind, opening his arms and extending his legs so Tony will be able to fit above him.
“How are you feeling?” she asks, looking at the screen of the machine displaying his heartbeat and other vital functions before looking back at him.
It’s such a small comment, such a flyway mention, but everyone at the table notices Tony’s flinch when Natasha pronounces Pepper’s name.
His hesitation is so palpable it can almost be seen as a physical manifestation taking up the whole bedroom but Tony can’t put his finger on why the reason for it is. Is the reluctance due to fear? Is it an awkwardness born from Tony’s gesture?
He’s become an expert at them now, selfies, and Tony always jokes that if there ever was to be a contest for best selfie-taker Steve would be proclaimed the winner by a landslide and that “not even those Kardashian-Jenners would have any chance at all against you, honey”.
In summary, he feels exhausted, depleted, frustrated and famished as he makes his way to the communal kitchen after taking a shower where he had to scrub his skin almost raw to get rid of the weird gooey orange substance the Doombots squirted this time around.
This is something Steve and Tony have taken to doing in their months of cohabitation at Avengers Compound. Sometimes in the morning, at times in the early afternoon and sometimes at night just like in this moment they make their way around the extensive area of the Compound at a steady but leisure pace.
Tony doesn’t keep count but he figures Bruce must do this eight or nine times before he feels something change in his friend’s posture and body. It’s nothing too obvious, more like a prelude of something to come. Bruce’s shoulders brace back and his spine straightens. His knees seem to bend slightly, like his body is preparing itself to land a jump without any injury.
. The super soldier is just wearing a white towel wrapped around his waist and Tony still gets as hypnotized as the first day he saw Steve naked. It is impossible not to focus on the way the water droplets make their way down Steve’s neck and chest until they disappear behind the offending white cloth his boyfriend is wearing.
He wakes up in the mornings and after a shower he walks into the closet and gravitates towards Steve’s side of it. He blindly picks up the first t-shirt (and sometimes pants) he finds and puts them on, continuing with his day as if that was totally normal.
When their mouths separate this time they both use the moment to catch their breaths. Their faces aren’t that far apart so it’s difficult to focus on Tony properly but that doesn’t stop Steve from smiling at him. Something in him begins to sing when Tony grins back.
Rhodey’s voice joins Natasha’s and Tony can’t help but burst out laughing at the exaggerated redemption of the song Rhodey is trying to perform. It’s chaotic and ridiculous even with only three voices -Steve having joined them now- performing the song. None of them are good singers but Tony supposes he should appreciate the gesture.
But there is a difference in watching Steve walk in during breakfast still unshaved and with his hair a little longer that he’s ever worn it, and knowing he must have gone at least three days without shaving to already have this much beard.
When his eyes open and adjust to the subtle light of the moon he sees Rhodey standing there, tall and proud, with a small smile on his face and silent tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Of course. Yes. Sure.” Tony nods as he steps aside, as if clearing the path for Steve even though he has more than enough room to get closer to the bed.
Steve knows Tony and his body perfectly by now. He knows Tony loves to get fucked after he’s already come but he prefers not to get his dick stroked by then. He’s learnt that Tony loses his mind when Steve rides him with his back towards him and he always grabs Steve’s asscheeks hard enough to sting.
It seems like it’s just simply something Tony likes. For no particular reason, with no particular motive. It’s a small gesture, effortless and uncomplicated. It’s like keeping a piece of Steve with him at all times but not needing the constant reminder that he’s there. They’re comfortable and soft, and most of them carry that particular smell that Tony has come to associate with the super soldier.
And then Steve’s heart stops completely when, in the blink of an eye, Tony’s lips settle on his own.
So it’s not a surprise that Steve feels comfortable enough around her to kiss Tony’s temple to say good morning. And it’s understandable that Tony almost doesn't notice the difference between leaning on Steve’s shoulder when they’re alone or when Natasha is spending some time with them in the living room.
Tony’s instantly grateful as he opens the doors that Steve went to get them some heavy clothes because the night is cold and dewy, winter already making itself known in New York, greeting them with an icy breeze as soon as they step outside.
way as in the beginning but we do. But just because I love her doesn’t mean I want to keep being with her. And just because she loves me doesn't mean she deserves to settle. That’s what makes me sad.”
The sun is peeking through the clouds and replacing the darkness but Tony’s still deep into his oblivion.
He is sure he did not wear Steve’s clothes on purpose and this is the first time it has happened. He is totally, 100% sure.
He can’t stop replaying the conversation in his head and each time he comes up with a different way of how he could have handled and said things differently. If only he’d been a little less quick to jump to conclusions, he thinks. If only he’d been a little more clear-headed so he could have supported Steve as he now realizes Steve needed.
Steve is there, in the good and in the bad, and Tony isn’t sure what his life would be like without him in it. He
. You can go back to reading after the next scene divider. I don't think you miss anything crucial if you skip it.
It makes perfect sense, of course. There are many things from his past that Steve has stated regrets over, but if there’s one that the Decimation took its toll on that was James Barnes’ situation and, therefore, Steve’s involvement in it.
Steve’s heart stops for a second and then restarts beating in his chest as it has been doing lately every time Tony is remotely mentioned in any kid of situation. And every time he sees Tony walk into a room. And every time Tony smiles at him. And every time he thinks about Tony.
It’s rectangular, and Tony would think it could be a book if he wasn’t holding it and sensing it’s too light for that. The way it feels even through the paper is also wrong. The touch and shape feel familiar but he’s only holding the corner of it and through his muddled brain it feels difficult to guess.
The bots start chirping loudly from their position behind Tony but none of them move towards Steve as they normally do when he walks into the room. Tony looks over his right shoulder at them and then turns back to face Steve as he rolls his eyes fondly.
Tony hasn’t seen much of Bruce in the past few weeks. He’s been finishing up some big project on his lab and apart from a few communal dinners and a breakfast shared here or there, Bruce has been a ghost at the Compound.
Steve takes a step to the right and Tony takes it to the left. Tony then takes a step to his right while Steve takes it to his left. And then again. And then a fourth time.
Sleep is a forceful thing that overtakes him and brings him closer to thoughts and emotions he’s been trying really hard to keep under wraps during every waking minute of his day.
“Yes,” Rhodey says as he puts up a third finger on his left hand. “And have I said he’d be all over your body already? Because trust me he’d wax poetic about every inch of you given the opportunity.”
It works for a little while. Not so much because avoiding Steve solves Tony’s problems but because avoiding Steve means Tony can pretend there isn't even a problem to start with. Tony’s an expert at emotional procrastination and he's found this is the perfect time to put his skills to the test.
“I’m guessing they have to do with me,” Steve says, and it isn’t a question but a total affirmation.
They saw him at lunchtime when they had ordered a couple of pizzas and he’d joined them in the living room for a while wolfing down a couple of slices. He’d left as soon as he’d been done eating and Tony is immensely thankful that Steve is so attuned to him and his need to spend some one-on-one time with Rhodey.
Mental health is complex like that, Tony knows. It doesn't absolve us of our actions, most of the time, but it can’t be ignored or taken out of a conversation because it
Tony can feel his heart drumming in his ears every time he takes a step, a deafening sound that drowns out everything else around him. He knows Rhodey and Steve are calling him back but Tony listens to them as if underwater.
He’s calmed down since then and he’s even been able to admit to himself his reaction to Fury’s requests about the Avengers were perhaps too excessive but he hasn't turned his phone back on yet or left the room since his arrival. He’s in no rush to leave and he can for sure do with delaying the inevitable arranging of another meeting with the Director of SHIELD.
Steve doesn’t speak and Tony recognizes what he’s doing: giving him space, letting him sort out through the rubble on his own before trying to sweep in and clean it up for him. It speaks of trust and a deep sense of understanding.
Despite his painfully awkward voicemail Miss Potts gets back in touch with him promptly, not even two hours later. They very easily set up a time to meet because Steve truly can work his schedule around her much busier one.
Love isn’t able to conquer the missteps, the incompatibilities, Pepper’s desire that he change into someone he isn’t, Tony’s desire to be able to change, Pepper’s guilt over needing him to change, Tony’s dismissal of her worries,…
Bruce and him spent the whole previous day in talks with a shapeless alien that communicated with them through the intergalactic video conference set up by Nebula and Rocket by projecting voices into their head.
Steve laughs again but softer this time. His arms wrap around Tony’s shoulders, moving his body back so he’s resting completely on Steve’s chest.
Steve talks to people and not just at them, even when he’s giving one-man speeches. He connects with the rest go the group, not because he’s Captain America, or a hero, or a symbol, but because for an hour he’s just like the rest of them.
Tony feels his lungs inflate, not with air but with something more consuming. Less essential but more alive.
There should be nothing special about the day, just one more in the dozens and dozens of them they have to spend without so many people, but as it is the case with very recent grief, it takes advantage of normally momentous occasions to make itself known harder.
Their relationship nowadays could call for a thousand and one favors that Tony would grant easily and gladly but there’s something in Natasha’s demeanor and the way she came to them almost ceremoniously that speaks to the magnitude of what she’s going to ask of them.
Tony’s response comes in the form of a breathtaking kiss, his feet pushing at Steve’s underwear to get it off him and his arms wrapping around Steve’s neck.
Steve squares up his shoulders as he starts walking towards her. It takes him only a few steps to reach the table and he clears his throat as soon as he’s standing in front of it.
There are no goodnight wishes, no sweet or lingering kiss. There’s just two people laying closer than they’ve physically been in months and yet so far away they might as well be in different planets altogether.
He walks to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee and he sits at the kitchen island as he waits for it to brew. It’s a familiar routine for him and he goes through the motions on auto-pilot until he's holding his cup in his hands, sipping it slowly and savoring the taste of the beverage.
“I’m hoping to be back in a week or so and I’ve made sure Rhodey can stay here during that time so you won’t be alone,” she says. “And anyway the rest of the team is also here, so…”
Before Bruce can respond to the question Steve appears on the doorway previously occupied by Natasha and Tony.
She walks over to him and bends a little bit at the waist so he doesn’t have to look up at her awkwardly.
His heart gives a painful jolt in his chest and Tony brings his right hand to it, pressing down on the arc reactor as if it was still the cause of his troubles so many years later.
The twenty-first century and Tony, because Tony is truly everything and more for Steve in this day and age, have so much to offer, so many things that it would be difficult to name them all.
The street was loud and buzzing from all the people going by them even though not many cars had ventured to move in the snowstorm. Natasha and Sam were nowhere in sight but Steve’s plan would serve to remedy that.
The process of making Steve a cup of coffee is almost as easy and automatic for Tony by now as making his own. Steve always smiles sweetly when Tony chooses an Iron Man mug for him so those are the ones Tony tends to favor. After that it’s even quicker and easier: half coffee, half milk and one spoonful of sugar. It’s over and done with in less than a minute.
“But Naaaaaaaat.” Tony’s voice is whiny and raspy, his eyelids dropping once again, but he refuses to give up.
“I don’t want to admit it but I think this may be it, the last opportunity I have to say anything at all.  We’re running our of oxygen and I think I can feel it coming.… I…,” Tony pauses and a bitter laugh escapes his lips after around 15 seconds. “The last opportunity I have to say whatever it is I need to say and I, for once, am speechless. What a fucking irony.”
Bruce’s visit is longer than the others. He checks Tony’s vitals, changes his IV, walks him through a couple of neurological assessments to make sure the lack of oxygen his brain suffered hasn’t caused any lasting and worrying brain damage, he cleans a couple of Tony’s wounds and then, at last, he plops down in a chair and lets out a heavy sigh.
A small folded piece of paper is presented to Natasha, Bruce and Tony and before the two men can even make a move towards it Natasha practically rips it from Steve’s fingers.
Tony…” Steve’s voice pulls Tony out of his head. He sounds steadier this time but no less broken. “We lost.”
“I can’t ask the people at group to share their experiences and not do the same. I don’t feel comfortable with that. I don’t think it’s fair.” This is another thing Tony knows, Steve’s method when running his sessions all about reciprocity and trust. “So I talked about Bucky.”
Steve’s gift gets placed on Tony’s bedside table and every morning when he wakes up Tony makes sure it is the first thing he sees.
Steve lets out a grunt so deep and indecent it almost makes Tony choke on a gulp of coffee. He recovers quickly though and he puts down his mug to pick one for Steve.
He leaves it as it is, maybe because he wants the storm in his heart to match the sort of storm the downpour creates in the shower.
They don’t mention it and they don’t do anything special but Tony knows it makes Bruce feel settled to have them all around him after weeks of mostly alone time. Tony and Bruce have always, after all, been similar in those aspects: loners both by choice and by default but always needing and seeking true connections, always striving for a way to feel truly comfortable surrounded by people and not often finding the way to be.
“I don’t know if I’ll ever want to lead a group but I think it would be useful as a leader to learn more about these things,” Steve told Tony over dinner once.
“Yes,” he assures her. “Everything’s fine. It wasn’t that bad of a fight and I’ve taken care of things just as we planned. It actually…. Well, I have to say things went very smoothly thanks to some of your plans.”
Steve also knows that Tony loves having his balls played with and that’s why he sends the next text message.
This is the moment Steve finally turns his body completely and faces Tony. It feels like this is when, at last, Steve opens himself up during this whole evening, since the conversation in the kitchen to this moment happening right here and now. He was closed-off before, Tony knew, but it’s only obvious just how much he was holding himself back now that the dam has opened and all of Steve is pouring out.
They don’t have much time to speak but Carol explains, in as little words as possible, something about Fury contacting her, her return to Earth and her meeting with the remaining Avengers.
Tony wants to find Steve and share with him the pain he must be going through. There is no magic solution to this, no simple way and no easy moving on from what Steve has had to experience today but Tony hopes his presence will soften the blow.
Pepper and Steve walk side by side to the kitchen, where Pepper deposits the wine bottle and her glass on the counter and then moves towards one of the cupboards. She has to stand on her tiptoes to grab another glass and then she closes the cupboard and moves back closer to where Steve has stopped.
Steve picks Tony up from the couch and carries him the entire way to their bedroom with his legs around his waist.
It’s the second utterance of his name that makes him finally move his eyes away from the nothingness above him and fix his gaze on her.
They don’t speak much, actually, they don’t cook a special dinner or exchange gifts or watch holiday movies. They spend it mostly in the living room sitting in silence, each of them doing their own thing while in the company of the others.
“And going to the mansion so that you can be all alone… I don’t like it. You have Bruce, Natasha, Thor and Steve there.  And Rhodey, for now.”
There also tends to be a team to congratulate or console depending on the outcome of the situation. This time, he has to do a little bit of both.
“It’s not the talking, it’s not—” Tony refutes, biting his lip and cursing under his breath when he can’t  verbalize it better.
For the entirety of the conversation Bruce, Steve and Tony have let Natasha be the only one to do the talking, because she’s the one with the most information and hence is the best prepared one and also because Clint’s is hers in a way he isn’t anyone else’s of the men present.
That day after their conversation -their first ever real and completely open conversation, Tony thinks- Steve and Tony made breakfast and spent almost the entire day together, waiting to see if Bruce and Natasha would return or if maybe just Natasha would come rely some information to them about Bruce’s state.
Before, there was an abyss in front of him, only darkness as far as his eyes could see. Nowadays, he finds himself stuck inside a tunnel and his legs feel heavy when he tries to walk, but no matter how small his steps are he slowly but surely gets closer to the light at the end.
The thing is, once a thought enters Tony’s mind, it rarely leaves it without being explored over and over again. His thoughts tend to get demolished, restructured and completely renewed. Tony’s mind is in constant search for new ideas and possibilities so anything he can use as a study subject is good for him,
His question was one of genuine concern and interest but Steve’s response makes it clear that that isn't how he took the meaning of it. In any other situation, Tony likes to think that he’d be more understanding, that he would see through Steve’s own anger and realize the words aren’t really about him at all. But the situation is what it is and Tony definitely takes it personally.
The week passes, though, and Tony keeps insisting and insisting. This is what the team wants and so it’s what he wants too, he says.
They all go by in a haze of movement and errands and plans being made and situations to solve and press conferences. There are a hundred legal issues to solve because there isn’t any kind of precedent to be set for this and Pepper needs all the help she can get with it. SHIELD also gets involved and Tony has to spend hours visiting their base for interviews and such.
Tony doesn’t have his phone with him and he doesn't have a tablet or computer to keep him distracted either. For a minute he debates taking Steve’s but he realizes how unfair to Steve’s privacy that would be and also, he most likely has a code that while Tony most likely could guess he’s too tired to put thought into.
Steve smiles at him, leaning into the back of his chair and nodding. “Go. We’ll eat the rest of our treasure tomorrow.”
Tony moans delightfully, playing it up for Rhodey and making him laugh. Tony then grabs the cookie Rhodey is still holding for him and this allows Rhodey to take sit back down across from Tony and grab his own cookie.
Tony waits for Steve to say something but he doesn’t, he stays silent as he alternates between looking at Tony and closing his eyes for semi-long periods of time. Time passes between breathes and blinks, and little by little Tony feels his body start to relax. He sinks down onto the mattress more and more, as if he somehow was gaining weight even though he feels lighter than minutes ago.
The people that were gone are still gone, there’s still empty spaces to signify all the trees that disappeared and the morning birds don’t sing as loud anymore due to their half numbers.
Tony’s hand stills but he keeps it resting on Steve’s stomach, unmoving, almost weightless and yet completely impossible to ignore.
Steve ends his appraisal of the room and looks back over to Tony, who is still patiently waiting for a cue.
Tony opens his mouth widely and brings his left heart to his chest to place it over his heart. “You think I would betray you?”
Compared to his previous erratic state watching him go back to the stiffness and the pause is jarring to Tony, that has to pay close attention to Steve’s eyelids to make sure he’s still blinking and he hasn’t just spontaneously turned into some kind of hyper-realistic statue.
When Tony frowns and still doesn’t move, Steve repeats “Up”, taking the man’s hands and pulling him up into a seated position and he continues to pull until Tony gets the hint and stands up completely. Once Tony has moved, Steve kisses his temple and wraps his arms around Tony’s shoulders.
Tony’s mind is still trying to wander away, to play tricks on him and get him lost in the confines of his nightmares, but Steve’s presence and his touch is keeping things bay. Tony’s better at fighting monsters when Steve’s by his side and this has always been the truth.
Tony takes out his own cellphone and gently drops it on Steve’s chest while already unlocking Steve’s screen.
Tony, with his own issues. Tony, with his own share of past trauma. Tony, who the few times he interacted with Steve when he was alive never failed to challenge him. Tony, who had been part of something so much greater just like Steve.
“Losing you,” Tony blurts out before his brain can even warn him about what a bad idea it is to say it. “I don’t want to lose you.”
“It’s what comes after that scares me. It’s what could happen after we talk that could make me lose you even if we didn't want it to. I’m afraid that I’m going to ruin us, ruin all the work we’ve put into being okay. Into being what we are now. If I talked to you about is I could risk us making a bad decision.”
“This place is now ours,” Tony clarifies. “It’s in both our names. I want us to have it for when… For when we get time again, so that we can come back. Make some more perfect memories.”
if it gets solved, things that need plans and maintenance and failsafes and recovery, because god knows how long it will take for things to go back to normal.
Steve’s hand comes up to grip Tony’s face, his palm cupping Tony’s jaw forcefully and tenderly at the same time, as his thumb wipes away some of the tears running down Tony’s cheek. It’s useless because more just keep replacing them but Tony thinks it’s a nice feeling nonetheless, Steve’s slightly calloused thumb caressing his cheek.
It was cold outside as Bucky and Sam said their goodbyes and left the rest of the group to head home. It was cold outside as Natasha, Clint, Steve and Tony started making their way towards Nino´s, chatting and joking with each other. A little bit of snow was still falling from the sky, just enough of it to keep the mood sweet and delicate.
The moment Tony feels his first silent tear escape his right eye, Tony brings his left hand up and places it delicately against Steve’s head.
Now that for one second, and by a simple slip, the conversation has turned to Tony Steve is finally opening up, like a rose in bloom. Tony showed his own insecurity at Steve, even if he hadn't meant to, and Steve didn’t hesitate and was there ready to catch him.
(When Steve had woken up from the ice he found out Peggy had ended up with a man named Daniel Sousa, and every time Steve thinks about it he hopes the man knew how fortunate he was. He can’t help but wonder what Tony would have thought about Steve’s clumsy attempts at romance. Would Tony have given him pointers for the future? Would he have helped Steve be half the partner Pepper remembers Tony to be? Steve believes he would have had much to learn from Tony, in this aspect and others.)
He looks up when he hears soft footsteps approaching him in the stillness of his surroundings and he has to squint his eyes slightly to make out Bruces’s shape coming towards him.
Instead, they all move towards the living room and Tony receives a few gifts from them even though he had told them he didn't want them to get him anything. They’re not outrageous gifts but they’re all thoughtful and personal and Tony cherishes them as he has cherished every single true gift he has ever received in his life. There have been a lot fewer of them than a lot of people might think.
But Thor was one of the six original Avengers and that means that, where he’s concerned, Steve and Tony still feel like the co-leaders of the team he was part of, they feel like they’re still in a way in charge of him, while Bruce and Natasha are able to see themselves more as his teammates of the same rank.
Tony traces Steve’s lips twice before he goes to move his hand away but Steve’s hand grabs Tony’s wrist before he can.
He showers Rhodey in stories about the Commandos, the rowdy ones and the funny ones and the hardest ones too.
And that’s what causes his nerves now. The weirdness of it all, the duplicity of Steve’s behavior, the uncertainty of their stance and, most of all, the desire he feels deep inside him to finally get over this, to finally be able to free his soul of this one burden.
Tony captures Steve’s bottom lip between his and gives it a sweet tug before letting it go before pecking Steve’s lips once, twice, three times and then separating.
Sure, he’s seen him smile, soft and small ones as well as big and bright ones, and he’s also seen him laugh, freely and fully, but that joy felt nothing like this is feeling right now.
Tony’s heart flutters funnily in his chest and he has to bite his bottom lip to stop a grin from overtaking his face.
It’s the little things that Tony treasures so much. Little things that seem to amount to nothing but build up exponentially every day and end up forming the biggest picture.
She’s not wearing any make up, every single freckle on her face visible just as the large bags under her eyes. Tony’s heart finds a home in his throat and when he tries to swallow it hurts and he has to cough.
“I just—” Steve starts, crossing his arms again but this time making it seem like a defense mechanism, an armor instead of a weapon. “I thought we were past this. I thought we had the kind of relationship were you could talk to me about things. Things about me and things about you. Things you need to figure out.”
Steve chuckles and Tony can’t glimpse any trace of the anger or the frustration that he came into the room showcasing. He looks elated. He looks excited.
“Very few people do. Sir always made sure these kind of things about him stayed very private,” JARVIS explains. “I believe he saw them as a weakness and he thought other people would take advantage of them. I think they show the strength Sir actually had.”
He looks defeated like Tony has never seen Bruce look before, and that already says something for a man who’s default mood since Tony has met him has been tired, nervous, squeamish and tired again.
In some dreams he is there from the very beginning, the first face Tony sees when he closes his eyes.
And even though no one replies to that and even though Tony just knows they all find it a little crazy, every single person in the room knows Steve is right.
They’d visited the Louvre, Tony had hired them a tourist guide to walk them through Versailles, they’d walked hand in hand through Paris’ cobbled streets, they’d asked a group of giggling young women who very clearly recognized them to take their picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
“I just didn’t want to be butting in on something that was none of my concern,” Steve admits a little sheepishly. “But… I’m proud of you, Tony.”
“Hey, no,” Tony chastises as he extends his arm to place his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t say that, I bet Sam didn't think that in the slightest.”
Bruce has to take a step back when Thor stands up so he won't bump into him but Thor quickly takes a step forward, following him. He grabs onto the neckline of Bruce’s shirt and shakes him back and forth a few times. Steve looks like he wants to head over to them but Tony extends his arm and slaps the palm of his hand on the center of Steve’s chest. He shakes his head when Steve looks at him questioningly and although Steve’s shoulders stay stiff he stays put.
Bruce sighs and he takes off the glasses he’s wearing to clean them with the hem of his cotton t-shirt. At the same time he bends his knees and sits on the edge of his bed, leaving Tony, Natasha and Steve to position themselves standing in a semi-circle around him.
Miss Potts looks very proper and put together in her black dress and Colonel Rhodes looks very stoic in his service uniform but Steve doesn’t need to look too closely to see the tightness around their eyes, the matching bags under their eyes and the way they both have to squint every now and again as if trying to will the tears away.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder, is what everyone says. Tony has learned through the years that although the saying might be true in some cases, sometimes distance is the only way you can ensure your own well-being.
Steve is the only sustained social contact Tony has that isn’t in any way work related. A couple of times Steve spends the entire day with him in his workshop, his own laptop close to him, either to entertain him or to help him fulfill his own obligations. If he can’t stay with Tony he makes sure they at least see each other once every day, normally for meals. They don’t share them, typically, too busy for it, but they try to catch up quickly but meaningfully every time.
“You recommended them to me before I moved to D.C, before the whole…. Hydra thing,” Steve had remembered. “I kept meaning to watch them but… It felt wrong that you were the one to tell me about them and I wouldn’t be watching them with you.”
The only thing that has really connected them to the world outside the compound has been the grief that everyone in the entire world has been feeling, no one actually spared from once.
He spent an hour sitting in the low kitchen light searching for an answer. He’s spent the last few months searching for an answer, if he’s really going to be honest. It still hasn’t come to him.
“There’s going to be other days like that,” Tony points out. “Other days when we’re both not at our best. And we need to handle them better. I can’t jump at every little thing you say and you can’t close yourself off from everything.”
Steve smiles sadly. “We could have handled things like a real team. We would have held meetings and everyone would have had a voice and we could have created something good for both us
Steve’s breathing has slowed down enough that now it can’t be heard and the silence that creates makes Tony weirdly uncomfortable and it makes him deeply aware of every part of him that’s touching Steve.
of this: Thanos, getting over Thanos, rebuilding your kingdom…” Tony continues. “You can’t do it alone. And alcohol isn't the best companion. Maybe we’re not the people you want by your side but we’re the ones you have, so…”
They pull away from the embrace as Natasha scrunches her nose a little and tilts her head to the side, her face showing a bitter expression.
A flush of warmth unfurls from Tony’s chest and sends tingles down to his fingertips. He has to rub them together to calm the slight itch he feels on them at the same time that he has to bite his lip to stop a whimper from escaping his throat.
“You know, I don’t know if I would have ever told you if Zemo hadn’t shown you the tape. I want to say that I would have but…” He shakes his head. “I don’t know.”
“You and Steve…” Rhodey pronounces, continuing the conversation. “I thought that would be a good thing.”
“And then before we knew it we were fighting each other in a fucking airport,” Tony notes. “Yeah, not a good emotional shake up for anyone.”
“Hey, listen to me,” Tony says, making sure to look directly into Bruce’s eyes. “We’ll bring him back, okay? If what he needs is to be here with us we will make that happen. We won’t leave him behind.”
It all natural develops from there and it’s almost like no time passes at all. They both get startled when JARVIS announces the take-out has arrived to the Tower and they only separate long enough for Steve to go pick it up and walk back to the workshop, this time not even knocking to make it back in.
It doesn’t take long for Tony to lay down on the mattress and sigh contently, his body already unwiring and recharging. He feels fingers running through his hair and he hadn’t even noticed his eyes had closed. He feels the pull of sleep, sinking him into oblivion, claiming him. Steve murmurs something that Tony can’t make out, and the last thing he feels are Steve’s lips pressing against his nose softly.
“Hey, hey,” Tony says, squeezing Steve’s hand twice and bringing his other hand to Steve’s cheek, a little raspy from the day’s worth of stubble it’s got on it. “You’re not creepy or gross for doing this, Steve. I’m grateful. And I’m also glad that you kept yourself in mind in all of this. I think help could do us both a lot of good.”
That was four weeks ago, though, and since then Steve hasn’t even come to ask him how he’s been even if he knows Natasha has been given him regular updates on him and Tony has been left wondering if he made a misstep somewhere or if this is Steve’s way of letting him know the new status quo.
The air feels clearer now, more breathable, but there’s still a thin, transparent sheet separating Steve and Tony. They’re existing in the same place but it feels as if it’s not the same realm of time. There’s too many unspoken things, too many issues that need to be uncovered.
“You know,” Pepper says as they’re walking back into the Tower. “I never would have believed we could grow this close if you had told me only a few months ago.”
Despite his promise -if that comment made in the last possible second before he left the room can even be considered as such- Steve doesn’t visit Tony and yet, just as Pepper assured him, he’s far from alone once she leaves.
Now he wakes up every day and prepares coffee in a machine that has seventeen more buttons than necessary. He takes his laptop when he’s bored and browses the Internet in search of the funniest and obscurest memes to send to Sam so that their never-ending meme war will continue. He gets angry when he is watching the news and he sees stories of anti-vaxxers. He tries to visit every new restaurant he can find on New York City, especially the ones from all around the world, and enlists Bucky’s help to make it through the entire list of all of them.
“What have you ever done for the world, Stark? I’m being called to speak about my actions but at least I have helped get rid of some of the scum this world has to offer. All you’ve done is create more filth.”
Tony spends the entire day in bed after that, covers over his head, not even crying, just feeling empty.
It’s a welcome distraction from the situation that’s taking place outside. Tony knows he won’t be able to ignore it forever but every minute he can delay the inevitable is a minute he cherishes.
He thinks he makes a painful noise, close to a sob but not quite, but Nebula doesn’t react to it. She just finally lets go of his hand and he suddenly and inexplicably feels cold. She can’t be feeling particularly well herself but Nebula’s movements are reassured and practical. She presses the button that opens the ship door and Tony can hear the mechanical grinding that must signify a ramp is extending towards the ground.
Steve will never forget the first time he encountered JARVIS, before he and Tony ever got together, and how he amazed he was at the fact that Tony had been able to create a person from a machine. Because that’s what JARVIS is, no matter how many people would dispute that fact. JARVIS is a person that Tony programmed, made real, gave freedom to learn and evolve and expand.
“You need to get dressed, Stevie. Look at all the snow outside!” Bucky signaled vaguely with his hand towards the window.
The kiss stays close-mouthed for a few seconds, Tony and Steve moving their mouths as rhythmically as they can. Tony takes advantage of one of Steve’s movements to slip his tongue inside the small space between Steve’s lips. Tony’s tongue finds Steve’s tongue pretty quickly but he leaves its touch to explore the rest of Steve’s mouth.
Clint stays in the same position as they walk out of the leaving room: arms hanging limply by his sides, shoulders slumped, head hanging down, tears wetting his face and his low sobbing noises his only companions.
As he opens the bedroom’s door something inside him stills and quiets even though he’s only a few feet away from the start of his walk. The sight of the Compound’s halls has now different meanings and associations and it succeeds at calming the desperate part of him that feels helpless in his own room.
“Tony?” Natasha says, and her voice makes it sound like it isn't the first time she’s calling out to him.
The image shows the Avengers’ common floor, specifically its living room. It’s not very different from his own, its architecture identical and the furniture in both in the same style, but contrary to his living room, the common one tends to go unused, as does all of that floor, because the group doesn't spend much time together at the Tower or otherwise. They’ve recently instated shared meals once every other week and at least twice a week they try to all get together to train different team aspects but aside from that, the Avengers’ members don’t set foot on that floor for anything.
Tony turns and starts pointing his finger at everyone in the room, people he’s known for years, people he just met. They all find themselves at the end of his judgment. But in the end he comes back to point at Steve. Everything always comes back to Steve.
“They’re kicking our asses.” Steve said matter-of-factly from his placed crouched behind a car, where he and Bucky were hiding and catching their breath from the snowball fight that had been going on for the last 15 minutes.
It’s a long affair and Steve attends it for his condition of Captain America, not his being Steve Rogers. In this odd new century that’s all Steve’s mostly been: 90% of the time Captain America, 5% of the time Steve Rogers and the other 5% something still unknown.
Steve’s sobs quieten slightly after Tony speaks and even though his features are blurry from so close Tony can tell Steve’s eyes are raking through his face, almost as if committing him to memory.
It only takes 10 minutes after Rhodey’s departure for Tony’s room to become a beacon for superheroes and aliens alike to come see him.
Rhodey untangles Pepper’s arm from his and, upon entering the living room, starts walking over to one of the armchairs. He scoffs again before he takes off his suit jacket.
And here is Pepper Potts, one of the few people in the world who is still remembering and mourning Tony Stark over Iron Man. Because yes, even though they were only one person there was still a difference between them and Pepper wants to honor Tony for who he was. Steve wants to think his friends did the same for him.
A new tear is threatening to leave the corner of Steve’s right eye but he wipes it away with the tip of his index finger before it can roll down any further.
They spend hours there, the party in full motion, and Steve feels so happy his heart could actually burst. His whole family is here, not a single person missing but most importantly, Tony’s whole family is here with him, showering him in love and laughter.
It’s clear Steve has worked it out when his eyes grow soft and all the muscles in his face relax. It makes him look so much more handsome, Tony thinks. Or maybe it’s not that, because it’s not like Tony can think of a time when Steve is not completely and utterly gorgeous. Maybe it’s just that Tony prefers this version of Steve, the one less troubled by the world, the freer one, the happier one.
Now, in bed, Tony’s heart flutters as Steve’s fingertips trace his Adam’s apple, more the whisper of a touch than a real caress. It feels electric having Steve close after so long and Steve’s tongue twisting inside Tony’s mouth makes every feeling and emotion more prominent and volatile.
“I don’t know if the clothes can be saved. This is an insane amount of motor oil they have on them, Tony.”
In Bruce’s case, his support is quieter and mellower than both Clint’s and Thor’s supports, as is to be expected. It feels grander for Tony, however, because it makes him feel a little bit more connected to Bruce. When Bruce asks him and Steve to accompany him to one of his volunteer activities one weekend, Tony’s reminded of all those hours he and Bruce spent together after the Battle of New York, all those times that had made them bond greatly, transforming them into so much more than mere co-workers.
Pepper nods. “I do. But there’s something different between you. You've been spending a lot of time together, right?”
“I’ll miss this,” Steve confesses, his voice also low following Tony’s lead. “Traveling with you, having all the time in the world… Rome. I will miss us in Rome.”
“Hey.” Tony whispers back while Steve nears him. Once he is close enough, Steve leans down and cups Tony’s face in one of the palms of his hands, kissing him sweetly on the lips. The kiss is pretty chaste but Tony tries to deepen it and he gets Steve to bite his lower lip. Tony moans and places his hands on Steve’s waist, moving one of them quickly to palm Steve’s ass.
When Bruce looks into his eyes Tony can see so many of the things he’s thinking reflected back at him.
And it was true. Natasha had been talking about Tony for over a year now, having met him through her job, but it had been only three months before that she had started telling Steve that she thought they ought to go on a double date with her and Clint.
Steve doesn’t get to hear Tony’s long story until much, much later. There’s too many things to be done before that can happen.
“I, uh,” Steve stammers. He seems reluctant to continue speaking but Tony knows there’s something he really wants to say.
It’s on his mind when he wakes up and eats breakfast alone in his workshop. He thinks of waking up next to Steve, not because they accidentally fell asleep after watching a film, or because they needed comfort and the presence of another person by their side. He thinks of waking up next to Steve every day, as a routine, as one more aspect of his life.
“Okay,” Steve agrees. “I can’t promise you the Avengers but I can give you myself, for what’s it worth.”
When they separate, with one last bite from Tony to Steve’s bottom lip, Steve’s mouth is cherry red and puffy, and a shiver of arousal zips through Tony’s body.
“I told people we’re always trying to do better, to make this world better and that so should they!”
A bomb has gone off inside him and he can’t stop the devastating effects of it except all the bomb has done is mess up with every single one of his emotions, tangling them up so thoroughly he’s not sure which one he’s feeling anymore. There’s no joy but there’s also no pain, there’s no sorrow or anger. There’s an emptiness in the mist of all the chaos and it’s both a relief and a warning sign.
It’s Natasha that comes to Tony’s workshop to announce Bruce’s arrival only two days after Pepper leaves.
He nods and turns back towards Natasha. She smiles at him and leans in to give him a short peck in the cheek.
Natasha makes a choking sound and, in a clumsy move so unlike herself, she trips over her own feet to get to Tony. Tony takes a step forward to stop her momentum and she falls into his chest, her body hitting his harshly, making him bring his right foot back to regain his balance.
“I had to talk about Bucky at the group session,” Steve finally voices and Tony understands almost instantly.
“I think I make a terrible substitute for Tony, anyway,” Steve tries to joke. “I don’t have the style or the confidence or the attractiveness for it.”
Steve’s hands are obviously shaking where they’re placed against Tony’s shoulder and waist and though Steve’s solidness is what’s keeping Tony upright, there is something in Steve’s face that tells Tony he’s just as responsible for keeping Steve standing.
There is nothing to thank Thanos for, but to say he was wrong about the changes the planet would go through after his plan followed through would be a bold-faced lie.
It’s only when Natasha points it out during breakfast the next morning that they all become aware of it.
No matter how many times Tony goes through the conversation in his mind he still can’t quite grasp how so little was said and yet so much was understood. They never really said the words and they never really talked about it but Tony doesn’t feel like they could have or should have done more.
With Bruce gone and Natasha, Rhodey and Clint busy, Steve and Tony find themselves alone most of the time they spend at the Compound. They normally have breakfast together and then cook dinner after both of them get home by the evening. During the day Steve is mostly gone to therapy and then group. He’s become a lot more involved with the non-profit that runs the sessions and he’s told Tony he’s been thinking of taking a couple of their counseling courses.
It’s been over 6 months since their break up happened and their interactions haven’t quite recovered yet. Their friendship hasn't quite recovered yet.
Steve’s hesitant to approach them at first but he feels the duty deep in his bones so he steps forward until he finds himself right in front of both of them. There’s a few people around that are obviously also interested in giving them their condolences so Steve wants to make sure he can keep things short.
Sparring and training with Iron Man is something Steve will never tire of. It’s been weeks now and he still finds it as exhilarating as he did the first time.
It’s intoxicating, the feel of Steve’s tongue in his mouth, caressing his palate, tracing the back of his teeth, pulling away to trace the shape of Tony’s lips. It’s sensual and all-consuming. Completely life-changing.
“Sorry,” Tony says reluctantly, trying to stand up from his position still kneeling on the hardwood floor.
But as soon as they had moved inside, the rhythm of their kisses had slowed down. Their movements and their desire turned sweet and Steve’s touches had become lighter, more teasing.
Steve thought that if Tony knew Natasha as well as he did he would definitely not want to let her down.
But in some ways it feels like if Tony finally accepts the finality of his relationship with Pepper he will be accepting the finality of the snap. Like maybe, if he accepts that they’re over that means he’s accepting his new life where so many other people are gone too.
“I just wanted to see how you were doing,” Tony announces as he clasps his hands together in front of him.
It isn't perfect still, neither for them as a group or for them as individuals. It isn't perfect and Tony knows it will never be. This is obvious in the way Thor still spends a lot of his days locked in his room, coming out smelling strongly of booze. It’s obvious in the way Clint is still quick in snapping at them, going for their weak spots and soft tissues. The way Bruce and Natasha dance around each other makes it obvious too, making everyone around them wary of leaving them alone for too long.
Without giving it much thought Tony brings their hands up to his face and turns them so he can deposit a fluttering kiss on the back of Steve’s hand before bringing their hands down again. He looks into Steve’s eyes once more and it feels like they both decide at the very same moment.
And that’s how they stay, the three of them, for minutes or hours or days, depends on what kind of measuring system you use.
Tony knows Steve has been more vocal than him about his opinions to Natasha in a few conversations but he has still stayed mostly out of it as well. Probably not because he’s short on things to say but because of how difficult working through his own things is without adding more things onto his plate.
His legs take him outside instead, through the morning dew and its damp grass until he reaches the benches that are placed overlooking the extensive lake that hardly anyone ever uses.
“I’ve never done it before,” Steve warns, slithering down the mattress, his feet hanging from the end of the bed and his face now right above Tony’s lap. “But your ass is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen and I need to feel it properly.”
Tony begins to spend a lot of time out-doors, to the surprise of everyone around him, but most of all him. There is something suffocating now about locking himself for too long on his lab and not seeing any sign of life. It’s too close to what some of his nightmares still are -too close to Titan- and so he starts bringing some of his equipment outside. He sits on the grass, papers, tablets and holograms all around him while he asks FRIDAY for input.
“Yes, Tony,” Steve responds, his voice sounding mocking again. “Not everything is about you all the time.”
The minute the rest of the group makes it home Tony knows it. There is no way he can miss the shouts and yells that drown the Compound as soon as they all walk inside the building. FRIDAY stays uncharacteristically quiet and doesn’t announce their arrival so she must have noticed Tony’s slight stumble and the way he freezes as soon as he hears his friends’ voices.
“I’m sorry,” Steve repeats his apology. “About the speech, about what I said. Natasha was right when she said I wasn’t thinking clearly. I know you think that too and you’re also right.”
“Remember the time when we all lived at the Tower for a while?” Steve had asked, as if Tony would ever be able to forget. “That was probably when I had the most time for it. And well… You helped a lot.”
“I’m sorry too,” Tony replies, and instantly he watches Steve’s whole body deflate, like it has just let go of all the tension it was carrying. “What a truly terrible night, huh?”
“I just wanted to say that Rhodey, I mean Colonel Rhodes, is coming tonight to have dinner with me and I was wondering if you would like to join us,” she asks.
As Steve had planned, Sam’s head popped from behind another parked car and his friend was closely following Bucky’s movements, most likely waiting for him to be close enough to attack.
Steve’s not completely sure what it is that compels him to talk. Maybe it’s the way Pepper’s and Rhodey’s faces look -sad but proud and a little resigned-. Maybe it’s the way the story is also making him smile. Perhaps it’s the way this is the most comfortable he’s felt in months and the fact that he doesn’t want to lose the feeling yet.
Steve pauses for a moment and then he’s the one reaching for Tony’s hand. He intertwines their fingers and smiles.
Natasha raises one of her eyebrows while drinking from her own cup and in the utter silence of her response Tony hears the answer loud and clear.
Suddenly feeling an unexpected bout of strength Tony gets up and pushes the wheelchair back with his hands.
Tony is still looking in the direction Natasha went, not wanting to look over at Steve, but through the  corner of his eye he catches movement from Steve. For a second Tony is sure Steve will leave the living room without uttering a single word to him but Steve heads for one of the sofas in the room, letting himself plop down on it, a weary sigh escaping his lips.
It had felt right to have her by his side through everything that had happened at the time: her support through the endless reunions with diplomats and politicians that he knew couldn’t stand him, her willingness to act as the face of the group of Avengers that was in favor of the Accords, the feel of her gentle hand on her shoulder as she asked him if he was okay.
“The Avengers haven’t been truly active in a long time. Hell, Iron Man hasn’t been truly active in a while. Sometimes I feel the need to go out and be Iron Man because it is who I am but… I still can’t go to how things were before. I guess I’ve evolved. Tony Stark
“We all want to believe that we can make it happen but it’s been a year and Bruce and I haven’t gotten any closer,” Tony confesses for the first time out loud. He’s known this for a while, as has Bruce. As has Natasha, even if she hasn’t talked about it either. Tony didn’t know Steve was so deep in denial. “Nebula, Rocket and Carol haven’t found anything that can help us either.”
If Tony takes his time to think about it his reluctance to see Steve has less to do with anger now and more with nerves.
Tony ends up speaking once or twice. Nothing like the long and passionate narrations of Steve but he’s truthful when he does. He looks at Steve as he opens up in front of near-strangers. He uses Steve as an anchor so that others will be able to find shore in his experiences too.
“When he fell from the train… I know it’s stupid to say because we were in the middle of a war, but I didn’t think I would lose him,” Steve laments. “It took me by surprise and I regretted not having done more, not being the leader and friend he needed.” Steve scoffs. “And then I made the exact same mistake again. I thought we’d have more time to solve everything, to get him better and to work on our friendship. But I was just a coward, though. I was just avoiding facing something that made me uncomfortable.”
“But during these times the Avengers are not the real heroes. All of you, who keep living day by day with so much pain inside you, who show your strength in the most unlikely of moments, you’re the heroes. The world needs you just as much as it needs the Avengers, if not more. We, the Avengers, need you. We need you to support your neighbors, to support your communities. We need you to stay on the right path. We need you to not lose hope.”
“I guess it can seem… strange, that I wanted to talk to you even though we had never met before,” Pepper agrees.
“If you talk to me you won’t lose me. We won’t let that happen,” Steve says and his certainty is awe-inspiring.
When he’s done changing Tony gets under the covers, laying on his back, his head already resting on his pillow. His eyes focus on the white ceiling above him and his ears pick up the different sounds coming from the bathroom, water running, Pepper’s bare feet on the tiled floor, the toilet flushing.
Steve gets to his feet promptly, startling Dummy who was standing close to him and making him roll back a few feet so Steve doesn't knock into him with the momentum of his movement.
Only Rhodey and Natasha are actually involved in the process and they’re the only ones included in the discussions and allowed in the meetings. Apart from Clint himself, of course.
Tony deflates, not having really been angry, and he sighs, uncrossing his arms and placing his hands on Steve’s arms around him. He closes his eyes and enjoys the warmth that Steve seems to constantly radiate. Being near Steve always works for slowing down his thoughts and letting go of anxieties.
“I wish we could stay here forever,” Steve declares, looking over Tony’s shoulder at the Coliseum and trying to commit everything from this moment to memory: the smell of Tony, the feel of him in his arms, the position of each and every single one of the stars in the night sky, the sounds of cars wheeling by and the soft murmur of voices of the people below them.
He realizes then that the hand he had moved before to Steve’s forearm is stilled placed there and he moves it away from Steve’s arm. He doesn’t want the contact to cease, however, so instead of pulling away completely he moves his hand to Steve’s cheek, cupping his face gently with it.
“What didn’t you mean?” Steve asks, uncrossing his arms and opening them up in a sign of question. “To avoid me?”
With that explanation he turns around and starts heading towards the kitchen most likely in search of the menu for their favorite Thai restaurant, even though it’s an useless act because they always end up ordering the same six dishes.
“There will need to be further action about this, Natasha,” Rhodey’s hologram says during one of his meetings with the habitants of the Compound minus Clint himself. “I told you this already. I’ll try to delay it as much as I can but… It will happen.”
Every day things get more and more confusing in Tony’s head. And every day procrastination works less as an effective avoidance tool -if it ever truly was- and more as an anxiety trigger.
Natasha looks firmly at him and he knows, in the way that he knows Natasha has learned slowly but surely to understand him, that she can sense the guilt consuming him from the inside.
Tony didn’t feel like he need confirmation from anyone but it’s nevertheless nice to know he’s not just created a convenient narrative in his head to make himself feel better about his choices and their consequences.
Inside the shower the only sounds he can hear are the water cascading around him, the splashes his feet make as he moves and turns and his own breathing.
Overwhelmed, Tony has to close his eyes as the ship starts to cross the atmosphere and, after only a few minutes of quiet darkness behind his eyelids, Tony starts to physically feel the ship losing velocity and descend.
haunts him, eats him up inside until all he can think about is how he would gladly give up ever getting to see and hear Peter again if it just meant he was alive.
Entering his text conversation with Tony Steve reads the last message displayed on it, where Tony asked him to
There’s no conscious thinking on his part when Steve rushes forwards and wraps Tony in a hug, he just does it. The fireworks exploding in his stomach and the static playing in his brain have left him incapable of anything but murmur Tony’s name over and over again.
In his personal sessions with his psychologist, however, Tony has been more decisive without ever fully vocalizing the thought. The questions were a little more direct, the exercises in recovery a little more self-aware.
No matter what he has been doing during the day and no matter where he is when the sunset greets him, midnight normally finds him laying in bed already, so much earlier than he used to. As loathing as it feels to recognize it, Tony can feel each and every one of his 48 years weighting him down, holding his body back from all-nighters and spending hours upon hours staring at screens and living only on chips and coffee. As the night grows and shifts, his body starts begging for release and Tony has no other choice but to grant it.
Steve turns around, making Tony dislodge his arms from around Steve’s waist, and gently guides Tony forward with a hand on one of his shoulders. He nudges Tony closer to the railing and then positions himself behind him when Tony is facing the streets and the view of the Coliseum and is gripping the railing with his hands, their positions now reversed as Steve own hands move to grab Tony’s hips through his dress shirt.
“You said before you didn’t want to be alone but I don’t think I can help you with the shower thing,” Tony explains his comment and feels as though it has lost any minimum amusement it might have had if Steve had understood it from the start.
The thought makes him drop his head in his hands and bury his fingers in his hair, pulling so harshly for a few seconds that he feels tears gather behind his closed eyelids because of the pain.
Natasha follows suit and she closes her laptop that had been previously resting on her thighs before standing up as well.
Steve’s still standing frozen still in the hallway right outside the elevator, debating whether or not to move towards the living room to greet Tony, when the aforementioned exists the room and catches sight of Steve.
“Yeah,” he whispers after maybe ten seconds of silence, not because he was really pondering the question but because he needed a little time to prepare himself for what’s coming.
Steve’s voice sounds louder now that it has before. His words are unwavering and the tone of them drips honesty. Tony lifts his gaze and finds Steve already looking back at him. His face doesn't show the same confidence his voice does. He looks apprehensive, almost fearful. Tony hates that he was the one to put that look on his face.
Steve ceases his movements but he stays perched over Tony. His face is red with laughter and Tony will never stop being struck by his beauty.
Steve’s eyes keep darting around the room, trying to take everything in, and asses the situation. He closes his eyes forcefully and opens the again after having taken two deep breaths. When his eyes open they look less clouded, a little sharper and more awake.
“Sure, Tony,” Steve ends up accepting finally and it feels like a weight has been lifted off of Tony’s chest and shoulders.
The first few days he does so he tries to make it as inconspicuous as possible. He emails Pepper about a Stark Industries’ project they hadn’t quite set a date for yet and suggests speeding the process along. It makes him feel better, knowing that even though what he’s doing is totally his decision he is at least not entirely lying when he says he’s “too busy”.
It’s on his mind when he goes to bed but can’t fall asleep. He thinks of nights alone after fights, or nights alone after an inevitable break-up. He thinks about having to learn to tolerate the empty space next to him on the bed after having gotten to know the shape of Steve on his mattress.
He doesn’t cry, not a single tear escapes his eyes even if they feel misty as he talks, but he lets it all out, every single thought and emotion that went through his head while he was out there: the fear, the insecurity, the tenacity, the strength, the confusion.
Tony decides not to think too hard about it and he pulls open his door, walking in the direction of the kitchen confidently and purposefully.
“One more thing,” Steve says, still sitting down on the couch, making Tons have to look down at him.
Minutes pass in awkward silence as Valkyrie continues to drink, Thor continues to list sideways on the couch and Steve and Tony drift towards each other and towards the side of the room. It’s obvious Steve is thinking exactly the same as Tony is: They’re not going to leave the room but they best make themselves as unnoticeable as possible for when the other shoe -inevitably- falls.
“How did you know what to do?” Steve wonders, realizing now JARVIS was very quick to react and perfectly capable of handling the situation.
Steve nods and, without any other word, starts walking backwards to the bathroom. He points at Tony with the index finger of his right hand and then over his shoulder at the bathroom door with his thumb. Tony nods back at him before Steve closes the bathroom door abruptly while still facing in Tony’s direction.
Steve hasn’t known them for long but the kind of devotion he can see in their expressions is humbling. Tony Stark inspired that and Steve thinks that says something -maybe everything- about the kind of man he was.
They fall asleep still tangled, Pepper’s head back to resting on Tony’s chest, their hands intertwined and their hearts both a little lighter and a little heavier.
Tony looks at him, at this man in front of him that he feels like he knows by now and yet he feels like is a mystery still. His disheveled hair, his wide blue eyes, his nervous smile, his square shoulders. He looks at him and sees all the things he shouldn’t be able to see: the pain, the exhaustion, the regrets, the bravery, the confusion and the fear.
Steve turns his body so it faces Tony completely, but he leaves the separation that there is between them and Tony is grateful for it.
The minute Tony finds himself alone for the first time in the day he turns on the television and starts seeking the reactions of the world to the metaphorical bomb the Avengers have just dropped on it.
There is also an undeniable trace of sadness as Steve recalls time and time again the conversation in his head.
Rhodey visits them in the afternoon and Steve makes himself scarce to give Tony and Rhodey their alone time.
Tony shakes his head repeatedly and taps his chest with Steve’s hand twice. He shrugs and moves his free hand to wipe the tears from under Steve’s eyes.
The combination of it all -Steve’s mouth on his ass, Steve’s tongue inside him, Steve jerking himself off while he eats Tony out enthusiastically- is too much for Tony to handle and for the first time in years, he comes untouched.
It makes going forward with the conversation a lot easier, knowing that Steve understands the fundamentals of it: that Tony isn’t trying to excuse any bad behavior or action by saying he wasn’t feeling fine, but that Tony is trying to provide context as to why he did and said the things he did and said.
Tony walks around the island and takes a seat next to Steve, who has started taking careful sips of his drink. Tony follows his lead and continues drinking his own coffee. A few minutes later he stands up to walk over to the coffee machine and refill his mug and Steve extends his arm at him, silently asking him to refill his as well.
Steve swallows and the back of his throat tastes bitter as he’s reminded of the number of times he’s thought to himself that he just needs to be a little stronger, a little less sensitive, a little tougher.
my biggest regret,” Tony confesses. “Maybe if I hadn’t, maybe if I had never, maybe if I’d had just left him be…”
As his last word leaves his mouth Tony rips his arc reactor from his chest and Steve takes an abortive tiny step forward, his face twisting in an expression of complete horror as if for just a second he had forgotten that Tony didn’t need it anymore to survive.
But through everything they try again and again and again they can only reach one conclusion: there is, perhaps, nothing to be done.
He tries to push away all these thoughts daily, especially during the times when Tony is mentioned, alluded to or in any way somehow present in his life. Steve hadn't notice before but, without actually ever being there, Tony has been such a big part of Steve’s last for the past few months that now Steve can go a few hours without being reminded.
Suddenly, a sob breaks out of Steve. It comes from the deepest parts of his chest and it tears him apart.
He doesn’t know if Pepper will ever have the opportunity to smile again, to roll her eyes exasperatedly like she does every time that annoying pop song she hates plays on the radio. He doesn’t know if there is any chance at all she will be able to love again, to live the life she deserves, to wear that white dress Tony promised her when he put that diamond ring on her finger.
They’re efficient and quick about it and only five minutes have gone by since they started the clean up.
Tony sighs and he drops his spoon to fold his arms over the kitchen island and rest his head on them. His cheek is resting on his forearm and the position allows him to keep looking at Rhodey.
With the hand that is not touching Tony’s body and without removing that one, Steve reaches into the pocket of his running shorts and retrieves his phone. Instead of verbalizing his answer Steve presses the button that lights up the screen and turns the phone around so Tony can look at the time himself.
They take a plunge into the sea and the other one is always there already, swimming and ready to act as a life-saver if necessary.)
Tony’s almost all the way to their room when Steve’s parting words finally register to him. He continues walking on a daze, his brain replaying the words over and over and over. The cadence of them, the tone, the inflection on each of the syllables.
His mug is almost half-empty when the sound of steps reaches his ears. He’s both eagerly praying and dreading the moment the steps reach the kitchen. He wants it to be Steve. He doesn't want it to be Steve.
“That’s what I think it is, Steve. You are what’s finally bringing the Avengers together. We just needed you to be wholly with us,” Natasha concludes.
He raps his knuckles on the glass door of his workshop in the same manner that he had done so on Steve’s door, but this time safe on the knowledge that Steve is here.
Feeling off-balance Tony takes a step back and drops Steve’s hand. His arm searches for a solid grip on something but his legs give out from under him before he can find support and he hits the floor hard, pain radiating from every nerve in his body.
“It’s over,” Steve says. His voice is so low Tony knows he wouldn’t be hearing it if not for their really close proximity.
Looking at the raccoon, Tony says, “Honestly, at this exact second, I thought you were a Build-A-Bear.”
Tony keeps turning his body to look around the room, sure in the knowledge that Steve won’t mind and that he won’t find Tony's curiosity rude. The door to his ensuite bathroom is closed entirely, there’s a pair of socks balled up next to the right side of the bed and if he takes a discreet whiff of the air it smells like Steve’s keeping some sort of red fruits incense in the room but Tony can’t catch sight of any.
Steve’s face goes through a million emotions as he spots Tony walking closer to him, his shield on his arm.
Before Tony can even utter his disbelief at the hour and inquire as to why she woke him up, FRIDAY answers the unasked question and Tony starts wondering if his AI has also developed some sort of mind reading power and if that is the case, he probably should be feeling more worried about it.
Tony smiles at the sound of Steve’s sleepy voice and he turns around with his mug still held tenderly in his hands.
“Yes.” Steve nods. “It was never about me not trusting you, Tony. I need you to know that. I was glad that you were kind of involved in them in the way that you were because that made me feel like they were more legitimate but… I just… I…”
Steve’s crying stops being silent then and his sobs seem to echo off the walls of the workshop. DUM-E, Butterfingers and U have stopped playing whatever game it was they had been busy with before at the loud noise but they don’t move closer to Tony and Steve.
By the time Tony makes it out of his room the fight has seemed to finish and neither Clint nor Natasha are anywhere to be found on the common spaces.
Steve mentions the book he’s reading at one point, a book that Tony recommended to him, and they get so absorbed by the conversation that everything else around them fades. It’s only once FRIDAY reminds Tony of his video-conference that he realizes he’ll be late if he doesn't go to the bedroom to change now.
Natasha smiles at him and pats him on the small of his back, right above his butt, teasingly. “What are we having?” she asks as she peers over his shoulder.
“I left him be, at first. He was in no real danger and he was no danger himself so… I left him be. I should have just left him be.”
Now, he lives a life that while it’s still confusing at times he thinks it’s no more confusing than for any other citizen of the world. Or maybe it’s more confusing but in an understandable way considering he’s a superhero that fights against aliens, murderous robots, giant lizards and mind-controlled ducks the size of a bear on a semi-regular basis.
“I thought, maybe, I mean, you…” Steve stumbles upon his words until he takes a deep breath and looks intensely into Tony’s eyes. “I don’t feel like being alone yet.”
Now, though, the feelings he gets after waking up gasping and sweating from a dream that includes Steve taking his hand and slowly fading away in a cloud of dust with a smile on his face show more of the unequivocal need Tony has for these people in his life.
Tony and Rhodey haven’t even noticed the weirdness of the situation as they have gone back to discussing the probable paintball betrayal issue.
It’s dark out and Tony’s eyesight is still suffering terribly from lack of oxygen but he can make out the shape of the Avengers Compound in front of him, a little blurry, a little distorted, but there.
“The only difference is that I had you next to me to get to know you personally,” Tony says. “But if you hadn’t been there? I don’t think there’s any possibility I wouldn't have fallen either way. So thank you for your honesty but it won’t be a problem for me going forward. Will it be for you?”
Steve’s hand stills where it is holding Tony’s shirt and thanks to his position, Tony can feel the exact moment that Steve’s shoulder tense. Tony turns around, thinking that this conversation may be better had eye to eye, and meets Steve’s newly-formed frown.
They’re not actual hearings per se, more like “casual business meetings to go over the issues of Ronin and the possibility of future retributions and consequences”. Or so Natasha says.
With that simple sentence the calm atmosphere Steve and him had been sharing is utterly destroyed. Steve incorporates in his seat and turns his body around to look directly at him.
Steve promptly realizes where Tony’s eyes are focused and he admits, “Oh, yeah. We, um… We went after Thanos.”
Neither of them can be sure there is a tomorrow in the horizon. They both know there is a possibility they won’t make it another day, and by the way things are going, it’s obvious Tony is the one closest to the abyss.
“That’s because the man has no self-preservation instincts,” Rhodey says back but Steve isn't looking at him.
Steve was momentarily distracted from his panic by pure confusion. He raised a single eyebrow at Bucky, his lips in a slight pout as he tried to understand what the hell the other man was talking about.
“Yeah, well. I don’t care how long it takes. I’ll convince you that you deserve it all, Tony. I’ll make you see how wonderful you are. So fiercely intelligent, caring…beautiful,” Steve said softly as he leaned in closer. Tony’s eyes were a little wide, fixed on his as they got mere inches apart. Steve leaned down, eyes slipping shut as he closed the space between them. Tony sighed into the kiss, content, eyes fluttering closed as well as he kissed back easily. The moment felt like it was too short, but at the same time, Tony thought that maybe they’d been like this for hours when Steve pulled away.
Many people reached up to Tony, bowing and looking reverent at their new Lord. He smiled at them and reached down to clasp hands in greeting as he passed on his horse. It was obvious they were a kind people, and loyal to Steve and whoever he’d chosen as a mate.
Rumlow looked at them as he got down from his horse. He made his way to Tony and knelt in front of him. “My Lord. I’ve brought you the people who are loyal to you and your family, to fight and aid you in your war against Stane in every way we can,” Brock spoke solemnly.
Bucky looked back to Tony and then slowly nodded. Steve looked so relieved it was damn near palpable. Tony wasn’t so sure Bucky would be here come morning, but Steve was obviously hoping so. He figured it couldn’t hurt to try, but he certainly couldn’t keep him here if Bucky didn’t want to stay.
It was ironic, because he technically belonged to someone now, evident by the burn on his bonding mark, and yet he felt freer than he had before. He supposed Steve belonged to him too now, just as much as he belonged to the Alpha. Co-rulers. Merging two clans for their people’s future generations. It was going to be quite a feat, but Tony knew they could do it.
Steve sighed and nodded. “It was dangerous, I was the only success story. They shut it down, and then Dr. Erksine, the creator of the successful formula, died. He took his perfected formula with him to his grave,” Steve answered. “It’s why I didn’t die like I should have. I was Captain of that vessel, and I didn’t die with her and my crew. It’s not natural,” Steve added brokenly, feeling hot tears in his eyes again.
Another update! I'm going to try and be good and update every weekend! I've been much better about it lately, and I want to keep it up!
When the night was winding down, they left, Tony paying quickly and then taking Bucky’s hand as they walked out of the place. Bucky felt a little giddy as he laced their fingers together and walked back to where he had parked his bike.
Now that the broader details were largely finalized, Howard had decided to make an organized announcement. He did it before most had their dinner when the sun was just setting over the horizon. There was the usual pomp and circumstance as Howard called for a communal proclamation; drums in the background and formal wear. Tony and Steve made their way onto the main dais next to Howard, and the people were chattering with excitement.
“Don’t. Don’t you dare do that again. You know I forgive you. You know that it wasn’t you, that it wasn’t your fault,” Tony said, his face incredibly somber and serious. Bucky took a shaky breath and broke their eye contact, looking unsure.
Tony decided to confirm everything one night, out of the blue. An offhanded comment while they tried to sleep for the night. “We should clear out the room down the hall.” He felt Steve smile against the skin of his shoulder and he couldn’t help but smile too.
When morning came, Pepper was already awake and getting everything ready for him. Tony opened his eyes groggily, squinting against the sunlight that was filtering in through the front of the tent. He let out a soft sigh and burrowed against the furs. He was sleepy but excited. They’d make the announcement today and then hopefully, Tony would be away from this place very soon.
Tony smiled even more so at the comforting words. He did not feel safe at this moment, not by any means. But word from the gods did help settle his pounding heart and churning stomach. He felt their son give a kick. “Oof,” Tony exclaimed, startled, and then he laughed. “He is ready to fight our attacker as well,” Tony told his husband with an amused tone.
“You will need new clothes if you’re to live with me in the North,” Steve said softly. “The soft silks of the Southern people won’t do you much good there, though you do look beautiful in them,” he finished, his voice soft. Tony couldn’t help the flush to his cheeks; though he hoped the wine and the now roaring fire would explain it away.
Tony nodded and shifted in the chair he was sat in. “Yes. We’ve established a planetary government in recent years. S.H.I.E.L.D is what we call ourselves. Don’t ask me what it stands for, I’ll lose you halfway,” Tony joked a little, a slight smile on his face.
He couldn’t let a pregnancy be the reason he couldn’t fight. He was, of course, careful to keep healthy. He didn’t walk on foot, he ate enough. The warm weather helped tremendously.
“This Hydra threat needs to be dealt with, quickly,” Fury said with anger in his voice. “We can’t give them a chance to reform their plan and attack.” The eldest council member slammed his fist on the table to emphasize his point.
“We’ve been looking for you,” Tony noted casually. He moved carefully, slow, easy movements so Bucky could see him. Friday came back online, as well as the rest of his systems.
Tony nodded back and got up, starting to turn things off in his shop. Bucky stood slowly. He walked close to Tony, giving Steve cagey glances. Tony could tell that hurt Steve quite a bit. It would just take time, Tony figured. Bucky wasn’t ready to be Sargent Barnes again. He may never be. Steve would have to come to accept that.
“Oh, how he used to look at you with love, my Anthony. You were his pride and joy until that day,” she would say, regret and sadness tinting her voice. Like it was his natural biology’s fault for Howard’s anger.
Tony made the decision to go to his father’s meeting tent. He had it all set up for things just like this, meeting dignitaries from other clans to discuss trade and the possibility of marrying his son off. He heard Steve’s voice as he got closer and that only made his footsteps quicker. Pepper stood dutifully outside as he got close to the opening.
“Will you teach me? To fight, that is. My training stopped when I presented,” Tony asked. Natasha looked surprised and a little disgusted at this news but nodded as she took a bite of the meat on the skewer.
Also, I kinda love the idea of Steve and Bucky's old place being a museum/historical monument. It's always portrayed as having been torn down, but to me, I guess that doesn't seem super realistic maybe? I mean, they were famous, even during the war, and then they were war heroes who lost their lives in battle, so idk, I think maybe their apartment would've been preserved.
The blow didn’t come. Howard’s hand shook in the air for a moment before falling to his side. “You cannot speak to me like that, Tony. How many times do I have to remind you? And when this Alpha comes to visit, you will be on your best behavior. If he decides to marry you, it’ll be a blessing for this tribe. I can only hope that you provide the combined tribes with a worthy Alpha heir.”
He set the backpack down with a soft noise and that caused Steve to turn and finally notice him. Steve took in the clothes and the bag, and Bucky’s freshly showered appearance. He turned back to the food, quickly finishing up.
Steve was about to speak up, to let the man know he was, in fact, awake, when he was interrupted by a soft knock at the door. A younger man peeked in, looking unsure.
Steve just fixed him with a warm gaze and turned back to Howard. “It’s been a most wonderful greeting, Lord Stark. But I wonder if my entourage and I might have some time to settle in? Our horses are very tired from the long journey. I’m sure we’ll be able to talk business later tonight?”
“Look at you,” Tony said with a mocking tone. “Useless Alpha, on his knees in front of a pregnant Omega.” He pressed the knife in harder, drawing more blood and Rumlow growled while making a choked noise.
Bucky nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I know.” Then, Bucky smiled, a soft, sad thing, but it held promise. He reached back out and took Tony’s hand in his again. It felt good, to have all of that off their shoulders. Now they could move on together, with each other, and hell if Tony didn’t love the sound of that.
Tony swallowed harshly, closing his eyes and taking a deep, shuddering breath. He nodded finally and opened his eyes, determination now set in them. He wasn’t going to be a defenseless, scared Omega. He was going to be himself, and if any luck in the world existed, the Alpha would run screaming.
The bed frame was still pushed in the corner, though the mattress was gone. Steve remembered Bucky’s ma coming over to give them blankets she’d knitted, wrapping them around Steve when he was deliriously sick with fever.
“Traitor!” Someone shouted from the crowd and there was an angry uproar until both religious leaders held their hands up to silence them. The crowd was somehow tamed, the incensed shouts coming to a halt so they could continue.
Steve felt his blood turn cold. Was he that obvious? Bucky had figured it out already. Steve hadn’t meant to leave the gym like that, and maybe if he’d remembered to cover his tracks, Bucky wouldn’t be here right now. He should’ve known he would never be able to stay hidden from Bucky though. As horrible as the Soldier’s training was, it meant Bucky was the best there was at, well, basically anything.
When he’d woken up in this strange future, he’d expected everything he’d ever known to be gone. Funnily enough, they’d turned his and Bucky’s old place into a museum, of all things. He hadn’t gone in, even to this day. It was hard enough, without the harsh material reminders. They’d sent a couple invitations to him, but he’d politely declined, and thankfully the museum hadn’t pressed.
“Bucky…what…I don’t understand,” Steve managed, his mind desperately trying to catch up with what the other man was saying.
Pepper walked with him by his side as he left the tent and walked through their clan. He spotted Natasha at a communal fire, Clint sitting by her side and giving many passing Alphas a dirty look. Tony smiled and walked to them, and they smiled back as they noticed him approaching. He saw Natasha give Pepper a glance as well, which was very interesting. He wondered if this clan was more lenient in that regard as well.
Bucky really was waiting for them when they opened the door. He outright grinned when he saw them. He took in their slightly disheveled appearances and Steve’s pink blush and made the correct assumptions. “Oh good,” he said as he stood and stretched. He was only in his boxers, his clothes on the floor in a crumpled heap. Steve almost chastised him for not putting them in the hamper or folding them, but he caught his own tongue. “I was beginning to worry you two had gotten distracted and started down there without me,” Bucky teased further. He sauntered over to them and kissed Tony eagerly.
He fixed one last defiant gaze to the elders, Obadiah, the young Alpha sons, and to his father. His posture and the look in his fiercely intelligent brown eyes said it all. Read it and weep, I’m your future Lord. He could swear he saw a small, proud smile on his mother’s face.
Tony appreciated the sentiment, more than he could figure out how to say with words. He swallowed hard and nodded. “Thank you. You can’t begin to know how much that means.” He briefly looked away, thinking about his own next phrase carefully. “And you? Do you want this marriage?” He asked, looking curious about the answer.
Then, he’d walked into that workshop one night and he’d seen the ghost of his first love in that chair.
“Yes, I know,” Tony answered him with a grin. With a few access points being triggered internally, the suit whirred and came off of him piece by piece. He set the metal pieces on his workbench and stretched.
Bucky gave him a hum and a glance that could only be described as curious and Tony felt a thrill shoot up his spine. Tony collected himself and went to his work. He didn’t even know how to address that. He was going to just run from it like he usually did. He felt a shifting weight behind him as he got to his worktable, and he was glad he’d set his mug down otherwise he might have dropped it.
Tony stood and gently set Peter down on his bed. He walked shakily over to Steve and caressed the Alpha’s sleeping face. “You better come back to us. If you don’t, I’ll bring you back to life and kill you myself, do you understand?” Tony whispered harshly, tears in his eyes again.
“If you’ll excuse us, we have packing arrangements,” Tony dismissed Obadiah just like that, taking Steve’s arm and turning away from the other Alpha.
“Obadiah!” Tony shouted angrily over the noise of war. The old man looked up from his fight and stalled when he saw the suit barreling toward him. There was confusion on his face. Tony remembered then that Obadiah wouldn’t know about the suit, he wouldn’t know that it was Tony inside of it.
Steve cleared his throat and pretended like he hadn’t just said what he did. “You know, something like that has been invented in the Federation. You’ve just…reinvented it without any contact. I’m honestly impressed,” Steve told him.
“No…it’s…please, stay. I have questions,” Steve said, looking directly at Tony. He didn’t much care if the man’s father stayed, but he wanted the beautiful man with the distracting, soft voice to be here.
He pressed a hand to his stomach, feeling dread sweep through him. This meant war. There was no other answer. Tony wouldn’t let Obadiah take Steve’s lands; he wouldn’t let Obadiah take what was theirs and use his rule to keep Omegas under his thumb. His child would not grow up like he had. He didn’t care what the child was. He would not let Obadiah’s influence touch them.
“I’m glad to see that the translator is working. It’s a prototype, I had to fix the auditory sensors that were inhibiting the….right. You probably don’t care and you actually would probably like a moment to yourself,” Tony rambled as he rubbed the back of his neck nervously and gave his father a pointed look.
“Really? You know it wouldn’t kill you to actually get some sleep now and again,” Bucky said, but he was teasing, a small smirk on his face as he said it. Tony regarded him with a hum.
“I’m fairly certain I just had my first contraction,” Tony said even quieter, glad that their people had moved on and had started preparing again, as well as clean up the mess of the battle. No one was really minding them now.
Tony can’t even thank her; his mind is swirling with grief and worry. Please, gods, don’t take his husband away. Not before he could even meet his son. He made himself move, despite hearing Bruce’s protests. He cradled Peter in his arms and shuffled to the cot they had Steve lying in.
Tony shut down his workshop for the night and they went to bed. Tony let himself enjoy the feeling of his Alpha’s arms wrapped around him and quickly fell asleep, feeling positive about the upcoming conflict. They were going to win this; they were going to lead their people into a free world.
Tony looked at Steve’s face in awe. Had that been the gods answering him through his husband’s dream? It felt too uncannily like an answer to his prayer. Tony’s faith had never been strong. He had always been too concerned with science and logic to attend temple gatherings.
Wanda nodded and allowed him to step away. She turned to Rumlow again, her gaze a fierce red again. Tony made a note not to get on her bad side, ever. “And you. Do you have a defense?” She asked lowly.
“He’s pregnant,” came a quiet voice beside him. One of the few agents that had infiltrated the group that had revolted and ran for the Rogers clan. It was a large number, more than Obadiah had been expecting. Many of them good soldiers, who had found the murders vulgar and said they’d rather follow an Omega than a murderer.
“Thank you,” Tony said quietly. “It’s true then? My mother and father? They’ve been slaughtered.” He dared to hope that there would be some other version, something Brock knew that the messenger didn’t. Brock looked at him grimly and nodded.
He tried it on for the first time three days into the training period. He tested the blades and walked in it, grinning as he heard the soft whirr of mechanics. It wasn’t so loud that it would give his position away in a night raid, though. He tested his movement, raising his arms, and then practicing Natasha’s hand-to-hand combat moves.
Steve laughed along with his mate and sat on the bed next to the Omega before wrapping him up in his arms. He kissed his cheek and gave a tired sigh. “I will not let anything wicked happen. I’ll lay down my life before I let any harm come to the both of you.”
Steve fumbled a bit. He did indeed have a couple mugs in his hand, as well as a pizza balanced on the other, having no idea that Tony and Bucky had just been to a restaurant. No bother, Bucky would easily eat the whole pie later. Steve walked over and set them down. “I can…go. I mean. I actually have to go. I just wanted to bring this down. Tony forgets to eat,” Steve stammered a bit. That comment earned Steve a light huff from said genius, but it was fond.
The army cheered, clanging the metal of their swords and shields. They were all ready to follow him. Tony knew that some of them wouldn’t make it back from today. Hell, he may not even make it back. But he had to; he needed to be there for his son. That was what would drive every single swing of his sword.
Steve felt his world crash around him yet again. 2365? That was impossible. How could he have survived in the ice of the meteor for that long? The year of the crash had been 2268, from what he remembered.
Tony sat a little closer to his intended Alpha as the night passed on. Soon, the chill that came with the sun setting started to sweep through, and more fires were lit. People started to dance around the fires with music being played, warming up that way, and through the wine. Tony felt a soft pelt of fur being wrapped around his shoulders and he looked up sharply to see Steve’s smiling face as he gave up his outer layer of clothing.
Their most trusted kept an eye on Rumlow and others that Tony knew had sided with the stricter laws. They made no suspicious movements for the entire month, however, and Tony was starting to believe that he’d unfairly judged them.
Alas, all good things come to an end. His intended Alpha would be here within the week and no doubt this Steven would put an end to Tony’s puttering in the workshop, claiming it wasn’t fit work for an Omega, or whatever the case may be.
“Tony!” Bucky called for his lover. He heard a grumble, and under normal circumstances, he would think it was adorable, but he couldn’t afford to think about anything other than Steve right now. “Tony, wake up, something’s wrong!” He shouted again, and that got Tony sitting up sharply, panic in his own wide brown eyes.
Steve nodded and followed him, looking determined. Tony almost laughed, because damn that look was so adorable on him in this situation and Steve didn’t even know it. He held it in though, not wanting to embarrass Steve or chase him off. They slid the sliding glass door closed and went to the edge of the small balcony that faced the city. It was a beautiful view. It probably would have been better at nighttime, Tony thought, but then again it would have been freezing.
“Of course I want you. Both of you. I just. How is this going to work? All three of us together at once? That seems…very unconventional,” Steve said with a worried tremor in his voice. It wasn’t exactly a standard relationship, even in this modern world. They were all very public figures. People might think less of them for being in a gay polyamorous relationship. But really, why should Steve care? Still, he was worried.
“Hmm. We’ll talk to him later. For now…” Bucky said, his teasing smile blooming on his face again. Tony laughed as he was kissed again, having to hurriedly put the coffee down as he was pressed back against the table to resume their newfound mutual attraction.
“No. No, no, please,” Tony begged, though he wasn’t sure who he was begging. Peter cried louder, sensing his mother’s distress. They got Steve on a cot and Natasha moved over to Tony to try and calm him down.
“It’s done. They’re gone. I have to focus on this, now. I have to lead our people against those responsible.” He sounded brave, his voice never gave a tremor, but inside he could feel his heart quicken. He’d never done anything like this before. He hoped that the training with Natasha would be enough. He’d kept the lessons going as scheduled, despite his condition.
“Oh.” There was a third voice, coming from across the room. Really, Steve always had the worst timing. Bucky looked over to his friend, eyes shining. Steve looked a little uncomfortable, shifting. “Am I…interrupting something?” Steve asked, glancing at them, and then at the floor.
His vision whited out for a moment from all the sensation, and the next thing he knew, the two of them were situated comfortably on their sides, Steve’s powerful arms wrapped protectively around him as the Alpha nuzzled against him. Tony shifted a little and gasped when the knot that connected them tugged slightly. Steve grunted and kissed Tony’s shoulder.
So he stays silent, not inciting any challenge, and he lets Steve take the lead on this because he won’t be the one giving Steve the fight he seems to be preparing for.
“I’m not going to lecture you,” Tony starts saying, hoping his speech really doesn’t come across as a lecture. “You’re probably a thousand years older than I am and I’m also not the best role model. But you’re here now. It’s stupid if you’re here just to make the same mistakes you were making somewhere else. You told us once that Earth taught you to be a better version of yourself, I think you said less egocentric. I maybe would have said less of a jerk.”
Steve nods at him and grabs the hand he had let go of only a minute before. He bends his arms, resting his elbows on the table, so he can bring Tony’s hands closer to his face. He drops two fluttery kisses on Tony’s hands, right by his knuckles. He rests his chin on them and gives Tony a faint smile.
The grape competition stops abruptly and Tony notices because silence suddenly fills the kitchen, surrounding them all.
“Me too,” Tony agrees, confirming that where they’re concerned a single word is enough and Steve can feel it’s honesty.
The hug Rhodey envelops him in is tight and so comforting, one of the most familiar things in Tony’s life. Rhodey’s arms around his shoulders’s, Tony’s arms around Rhodey’s waist. A well learned dance that hardly ever gets out of rhythm.
“There were other kids we sometimes played with or hung out with but… That was mainly because they liked Bucky. Or just convenience, maybe, because they lived closed to us. No one came around, and even less so stayed around, because of me.”
Steve sits on the middle of the mattress, leaving almost exactly the same space to his right and to his left. Tony is so nervous he is doing worthless calculations like that in his head just to keep his mind busy, just to keep his mind from conjuring up a thousand awful scenarios where things turn out awfully for him.
The conversation comes from their discussion of an offhand comment made by one of the company’s investors while they were still at the launch. The comment had been callous and it had made the three of them flinch -something along the lines of Pepper and Rhodey quickly replacing Tony with Steve in their Three Musketeers dynamic- but it had served to start a reminiscing through some of their best moments together.
The order of his tears become a chaos as his vision becomes blurry, Steve’s body growing shapeless in front of him.
He knows how skilled Natasha is at reading people, at understanding them, their motivations and their fears. It’s something he values in her as a teammate and something he admires in her as a person. He’s come to trust her assessments even when he tries to challenge them to perfect them as a team.
Tony’s arms are stretched and his hands are grabbing the edge of the kitchen table to help him keep his balance. His head is hanging down as if in shame but it’s mostly just exhaustion. He feels it down in his bones, a weariness so heavy it’s harder to carry than the Iron Man suit when it goes offline. The added pounds come from all the years, the fights, the betrayals, the failed relationships, the bottles of alcohol, the people he’s had to watch die, the people he's had to kill.
“At first I had to reinforce my lab and my space because I knew things wouldn't go perfectly well the first few times,” Bruce explains. “It’s involved a little bit of everything, to be honest. I’ve furthered my meditation, I’ve worked on serums, I’ve tried so many forms of integration therapies by myself or via video-conferences with psychologists and expert. All I knew is that I needed to do this. There couldn't be a me and a Hulk anymore. There needed to be just me, Bruce Banner
“Yeah,” Steve confirms, getting closer to Tony and the bots as he walks into the room. “Just felt like knocking I guess.”
It looks like Tony’s response disconcerts Steve too, almost as if he had forgotten that Tony was still standing in the same room as him. Steve pulls his head up and his elbows unbend, his arms resting pliant on his legs. He focuses his gaze on Tony and when their eyes meet it seems like everything stops for a second.
“What happened?” Steve asks. He knows Natasha too and this is his way of proving he also won't treat her delicately if that is not what she desires or needs.
“What can I say? You, Rhodey and JARVIS really knew how to sell him,” he jokes and it makes Pepper laugh.
Natasha, Wanda, Sam, Steve and Vision had taken residence there and Rhodey, as always, came and went as he pleased. Some of SI’s divisions had been moved as well and even new people had been employed to help the Avengers with some of the most tedious, bureaucratic and technological tasks.
But he remembers a conversation before they both found the strength to seek help, a conversation where they both promised each other things that Tony knows, unlike Steve’s promises to the public during his speech, they could be capable of maintaining.
Tony’s text appears on Steve’s screen as Steve is still composing his second text. His eagerness -shown not only in the quickness of the response but on how his grammar is rapidly deteriorating-   is amusing but, most of all, it flares the heat already burning inside Steve. Steve will never stop feeling awed that Tony wants him as much as he wants Tony and every time it’s proven to him Steve feels a little more grateful for everything he went through because it brought him to Tony.
And as soon as the question manifests itself in Tony’s mind the light starts taking shape. Or not… It’s not the light that’s taking shape. It’s a shape making its way through the light, getting closer and closer to the ship.
It’s cold to the touch even though it hasn’t seen the outside of Tony’s closet in months, since that night sometime in late summer of last year when Steve had so politely refused to take it back.
It makes Tony feel guilty to see the brunt of the heavy work go to Natasha and Bruce, but at the same time he knows they’re the closest people to Clint and Thor respectively and neither he nor Steve can be as helpful to them. They still both talk about it and resort to asking Natasha and Bruce how to better be of service for them. In the end it all comes down to Natasha and Bruce also not really knowing how they can help more. It seems like they don’t even know how they themselves can do better.
Tony stands in that moment, feeling a little too far away from his friends and the conversation, and walks the few steps it takes him to reach Natasha and Rhodey.
Steve is mindful to shallow this time before he speaks. “That’s because it’s true. Seriously, Tony, I love it.”
“I just think that the sooner I make things go back to normal, the sooner we can move on,” she explains. “I want him to stop walking on eggshells around me, treating this like I will burst out crying  or shouting at anytime.
The three of them are busy people, Pepper and Rhodey especially, but they start making as much time for each other as they can.
He doesn't know if Steve noticed but to his own ears the words felt too much like a confession, no matter how innocent they should have been. He said
Tony doesn’t feel the need to perform in front of any of them, he long ago left the feeling of needing to sell himself as stronger, or wittier, or harsher with them. He can just
There’s the Steve who loves Tony, because he does, this Steve can now say that he does. This is the man that Tony unknowingly helped through it all. The Steve that has grown and matured and accepted his fate even if he still has regrets and things he wouldn’t have chosen for himself.
When a band of misfits and superheroes moves into his tower and takes over his life, the real possibility of hiding becomes slim until one day, without even realizing what has happened, he doesn’t feel the urge anymore. He
“Hello, Miss Potts. It’s Steve. I mean, Captain Rogers. I… I was calling to see if we could set up that meeting that you wanted to? I know you must be very busy so I can work my schedule around your needs. I… I will be waiting for your call. Or a message. Just… Let me know. Thank you and have a good day.”
This development though, the one that happens as Natasha visits his workshop this time, Tony is one hundred percent certain has happened because of the Thor situation and he knows it must haven been eating away at Natasha for a while.
The helmet is useless to him now, no way to communicate with Earth, or any other planet for that matter, no masterful plan FRIDAY can concoct to get him out of this mess, no life-saving of any kind. And yet, simply having it close to him makes Tony feel a little more at ease, a little more complete.
It’s watching the world come to terms with the situation just as Tony has had to watch Steve come to terms with it. Just like he has to come to terms with it himself.
Rhodey murmurs something under his breath but Tony doesn’t catch it, too focused on the look on Natasha’s face as she looks directly at him.
“Well, if you need reasons to convince him to come tell him I need someone around that will appreciate my cooking,” she says.
“We haven’t tried anything yet,” Steve points out. “You’re thinking way too far ahead when we haven’t even tried anything.”
Steve moves so his lips are now pressed against Tony’s ear. “But right now all I can think about is fucking you.”
The man Steve has gotten to know in the past months, the man who Steve has learnt to be kind, reckless, goofy, so intelligent it almost hurts, stubborn, insecure and so complex it would take thousand of years to explain him completely, is alive.
Their love already defied the laws of death and oblivion once, Steve thinks, so it wouldn’t be a surprise if it transcends beyond them when they’re both long gone. Theirs is a love story for the ages. A miracle of life.
“What do you think is the reason for the change, then?” Steve asks as he uses his towel to pat his forehead and neck dry.
“I don’t know,” he says. “Some days I think it is the worst idea I could ever have and then other days I think maybe it could be the best thing to ever happen to me.”
Clint’s got his eyes closed and his head is resting on the back of the sofa, but although his position suggests he might be asleep or uninterested in what’s going on around him, everyone’s surprised and skeptical faces confirms Tony didn’t imagine him talking.
It’s not the first time they’ve said it but every new one feels more special than the last. Right now it feels like a promise, like a real life-long commitment and Tony feels light with it.
Her eyes turn from looking at Rhodey to gazing into the horizon a little bit, focused on some faraway point, glazing over as if lost in her own mind.
Bruce and him start reading every book, every paper, every text they could get their hands on, be it about any number of sciences they believe could be helpful or about any other topic they would have dismissed in a previous life, books about magic, and rituals, and religions and forces beyond human understanding.
Rhodey looks skeptical but his expression isn't really the one he wears whenever he thinks Tony is lying. It looks more like pure and genuine concern, the simple kind, the kind that says he wants to make sure everything really is fine for himself.
His eyes are settled on Tony and he looks expectant, like Tony owes him an answer, like he’s sure he will give it.
The night is long and arduous and Tony isn’t able to sleep for longer than 15 minutes. He’s tired but not really physically so. His bad days always leave him drained of mental energy, of will to go through another day. His body, however, always seems to know it hasn't done anything at all.
“Sam was a really good friend, too,” Steve comments. “Maybe the first one I made all on my own since Buck. I mean, you, Natasha, the Avengers… Before we were truly friends we were co-workers so there was something there that bound us but… Sam was my friend before anything else. I don’t think I was that good of a friend to him.”
Only a week or so ago he wouldn’t have been able to detect the change that happens when Nebula goes from indifferent to somewhat content. Only a week or so ago he wasn't able to tell when Nebula went from her usual annoyance at their current situation to truly mad and wanting to be left alone. But a week has given Tony insight on her, her moods, her gestures, her needs… More than 20 days with only Nebula for company have made Tony somewhat of an expert on her.
“Um… I guess you do,” Steve responds as he swallows forcefully, pushing the strap of the gym bag he’s carrying up his shoulder so it doesn't fall down.
The Tower still doesn't feel like home and Steve can’t shake the feelings of being an outsider still but Pepper and Rhodey start making things a little bit better.
“I had a bad dream, after you left. About Peter,” Tony continues confiding. “It… Rerouted my brain completely. I didn’t leave the bed all day and I couldn't stop thinking but I honestly couldn’t tell you what I was thinking about. I was there but I wasn’t.”
Steve’s closes his eyes mostly on instinct but he opens them again quickly to check that this is not a dream or a hallucination, that Tony really is kissing him.
Tony has never seen Steve so full of anguish that it spills out of him this rawly, so uninhibited in his pain that it can even be felt through the air by other people.
Tony looks at her and then promptly looks back down at his tablet, pressing down on the button to turn off the screen, and leaving the device resting on his stretched legs.
Temperature in Afghanistan was always dramatic. During the day it was scorching, even when he wasn’t directly exposed to the sun. It was so blazing that Tony feared his skin would break out in blisters and burns. But at night the cave always got so cold that Tony could barely sleep because of the shivers that raked his body.
Everything is dark because of the black-out mode on the windows he had FRIDAY set before he got into bed, but his phone tells him it’s 4:11AM so, even if the windows were in normal mode, Tony would only be able to glimpse the moon and the stars high in the night sky.
“I’m afraid to wake up one day and find that my body has gone back to what it was before the serum,” Steve says as he’s laying on a bed at SHIELD’s infirmary, his left leg broken after a mission but already healing.
Steve chuckles and this time Tony is aware enough of Steve’s reactions to his words to laugh with him.
The Tower doesn't feel like home. The team doesn't feel like family. He doesn’t feel like himself at all.
“Of course,” he says. “I still don’t know exactly why you wanted us to meet but I wasn’t going to say no.”
As soon as he gets there he sees that Natasha is already next to Steve and he can see Bruce arriving from the opposite hallway, looking scruffy and disheveled and Tony knows they’re mirrors of each other at the moment.
They haven’t made it to the living room yet when Rhodey scoffs bringing both Pepper’s and Steve’s attention to him.
“Me too, Tony,” she says. “But for what it’s worth, I’m glad you’re one of the people I still have here.”
Tony, who was so different from that preconceived idea Steve had of him from just reading the report SHIELD had given him, watching him through the media and meeting him in the terrible circumstances of Loki’s manipulation of them.
Tony nods. “I’ve got nothing going on and I’m assuming since you’re here you’ve got nothing going on either.”
Tony heads into the bathroom as Pepper picks up her cellphone from the nightstand and starts typing on it.
A few times, no words have even been needed as they’ve just shared the time with each other. It’s helped them clear their heads and it’s served as a comfort and a distraction for both.
Steve starts laughing at Tony’s exasperated eye roll and feels glad that if he has to live through awkward moments like this he can live them with Tony.
Back then, it had been obvious that Steve had been going to great lengths to always appear as kept together and proper as possible. In the past year or so Tony has watched Steve grow more comfortable and free in that aspect.
They look good, the sun gorgeous in its last show of the day and the city magnificent in its vastness, but they’re not the best pictures Steve has taken, nothing compared to the beauty he has been able to capture in some of his favorite pictures he keeps in his phone.
- Tony has felt the full blow of December 16th like never before, and he had been expecting -fearing and dreading- that it’d be worse now that he had Steve close. That the guilt of having forgiven Steve for the secret he kept for so long would have only enhanced the pain and the torture of that day.
“You forget he used to be a spy just like me,” had been Natasha’s answer during on of their first meetings regarding the issue.
Tony’s still confused but he takes Steve’s had without any trace of hesitation and lets himself be pulled to his feet. As soon as Tony’s standing Steve drops his hand but the movement isn’t rushed or abrupt, it lingers and soothes, like Steve’s not really letting go, just guiding him along in other ways.
Steve and Pepper move their gazes away from the discussion and lock eyes from above the rim of their wine glasses. Pepper rolls her eyes exaggeratedly and takes a loud sip from her glass, making Steve chuckle.
Seeing Natasha is a pleasant surprise, as she has been even busier than Steve, however impossible that may seem.
There are always still people to help, debriefs to be had, sometimes even decisions to be explained to people who are higher in the chain than he is.
His question goes unanswered for many seconds and this only makes the situation more bizarre. JARVIS’ responses and interventions are always immediate and Steve has never known him to fail at that or show problems in his functioning.
He doesn't move for hours, staying in the same position for so long that his muscles start cramping and seizing. Then, when he can’t stand it any longer, he turns arounds, changes positions and stills again. FRIDAY tries calling to him more than once but Tony doesn't respond and she’s been with him long enough to grant him his space as long as she doesn't think he’s in any danger.
He glanced down at Tony’s head, just inches away from his cock—his cock which hadn’t gotten the message that he’d made a fool of himself and was still hopefully erect, because how could it be anything else when Tony was this close to him? Maybe he shouldn’t be surprised after all.
“I don’t want to leave!” he said, needing Tony to know that much, not sure how Tony had decided that in the first place.
Steve glanced around the shower, which could have easily accommodated four more people without a problem, but he didn’t protest. He could wait until after Tony was finished.
“Hmm, well, there are actually a lot of things that can mess with a heat cycle, stress, not getting enough sleep, meeting someone highly compatible—” Dr. Stark laughs at the look Steve makes. “I know, I know, it sounds odd, but biology can be very powerful, and occasionally, the body wants something without any input from the brain. Sometimes, however, and it’s unlikely in your case, especially considering how young you are, but sometimes these symptoms can be an indication of something serious, so that’s why you’re here. Okay, why don’t we head into the back and get started? No need to keep either of us here any later than necessary.”
She didn’t say anything, but there was an obvious “Do more” hanging in the air, and he honestly couldn’t say if it was coming from him or her.
“Look,” she said, when they were both dressed and she’d threatened to let DUM-E loose in his lab with the instruction to “throw away anything that looked dangerous” if he didn’t sit still. “I’m not saying it has to happen today. Or this week, or this month even.”
He wasn’t, though. He was weak, weak to Tony’s presence, to his touch; weak to the headiness of Tony’s attention, and although he knew he’d regret it later, Steve couldn’t stop himself from taking everything Tony offered.
I have to believe that you and Bruce escaped.  Even assuming you weren’t able to reach the suit, there’s no way Bruce would’ve been taken down by Them, and there’s even less chance that he’d leave without you.  I have to believe this, because the alternative is unthinkable.  I can’t picture a world without you in it.
It was strange sitting together and eating when everything was still so unresolved between them, but Steve was grateful for the time. It helped to see Tony’s face fill with a little more color and watch him lose some of that unnatural tension, made it easier knowing that Tony would be alright after he’d gone.
“Steve, there’s a hostage situation,” Nick said, and Steve gave himself one second to be selfish and wish this had happened on any other night before answering.
“I’m fine,” he said, his words slightly muffled, directed as they were into the shield. And he was, even if his pride might take a minute to recover from being trussed into a ball and carried around. It was better than hitting the dirt, and he wasn’t sure how to describe how he felt knowing that Tony stopped his fall, had made sure to watch out for him in the middle of everything.
Steve smiled, happiness making his face brighten. “If Pepper’s still around, she should come too. I haven’t seen her at all since I’ve been back.”
Tony couldn’t hear the long, slow breath Steve let out, but he could see Steve take it, and then Steve was sinking to his knees at Tony’s feet, graceful and so damn beautiful it was going to break Tony’s heart.
used to spend a lot of time in the air with Tony, though admittedly, it was with Tony carrying him, which was . . . which was nice actually, but SHIELD doesn't want the two of them to interact too much—better to be safe than sorry—so Steve's busy doing missions with the rest of the team while Tony keeps his other self company.  They don’t want the younger Steve out in public or doing anything that'll draw attention, but they don't want to make him more agitated than he already is by keeping him isolated either.  He’s been through enough of a traumatic experience already, and if he feels comforted by hanging around with Tony—never mind that he
“I didn’t draw the short straw. I just hated the idea of someone else saving you and being with you like that when I … I just want it to be me, if you’re okay with it. But if you’re not—”
“Well, then,” Captain America said, sounding surprised, and Tony couldn’t blame him, because if he’d come across Steve Rogers in a club somewhere, he would’ve snatched him up so fast, there would’ve only been a
“Okay, ears now,” Tony said, but instead of reaching into the bag, he paused and then brushed his fingers against the leather as if he were getting rid of a speck of lint. Except then he kept doing it, his movements gentling until he was almost stroking the leather, and there was something about the look in his eyes that made Steve’s breath catch.
If he’d thought about it, he would’ve wondered why Pepper hadn’t been knocking on SHIELD’s door and demanding to see Tony. Other than leaving a message on her voicemail right after the ceremony that they were going to take care of everything, however, Steve had been too fixated on tearing the mask off of someone pretending to be Tony and trying to come to terms with the effect of seeing him, even a fake him, again after all these years to worry about her and Morgan.
“Always a way out . . .” he accused, rather than trying to decipher it, and he sounded derisive even in his own ears. “You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.”
“Why let dying and then coming back to life ruin a good thing?” he said and glanced away from her to smile and wink at Steve, which had no right to send his heart into palpitations since it wasn’t Tony (but what if it was?), but it did anyway.
It wasn’t as if there were many options. Everyone had a job to do, and there hadn’t been any time to argue about who should do what.
It’d been over four months since he’d seen Tony face to face, and he found his gaze being dragged back inch by inch.
“But every morning, we’ll start just like this, with me getting you ready to be my sweet puppy for the day.”
He picks it up out of idle curiosity, surprised by how heavy it is, but then he freezes in shock when he tilts the ring enough to see the word “Beloved” in elegant cursive font.
He’s not quite certain how much time has passed, his body still limp with pleasure, but he knows Dr. Stark is proceeding with the exam; he just isn't concerned beyond enjoying the occasional touch, wishing they'd last longer. His head is finally starting to clear when Dr. Stark says, “Okay, last part now," and Steve goes from dazed to alert just like that.
“What do you do in your free time, Steve?” Dr. Saunders asked, and Steve wondered if she knew how difficult a question it was for all that it seemed so simple.
Tony would’ve said something, he thought, and promptly went beet red at the idea of Tony giving him those kind of orders. Shit, he was actually starting to sweat, he was so hot.
It fills him with pride when Steve’s head lolls to his shoulder and he slurs, “I’m going to come,” his eyes almost glazed over with pleasure, and the knowledge that Tony’s taking care of his mate is incredibly satisfying.
So he didn’t bother with a second finger, just covered the vibrator with lube and rested it against his hole for a second as he took another long breath. Then he pushed in just the tip, wincing slightly as he popped it in and out before eventually turning it on.
“I’ve always liked Stark,” she said, leaning back in her chair, and he looked up in time to see her expression turn sly. “And I’ve heard some of the most interesting things about him,” she said, her tone making it apparent exactly what kind of things she was referring to, and he laughed and took another bite of food, hoping to cover his flush. “What? Don’t you want to know?” she asked, looking at him expectantly.
It’s not like Dr. Stark was trying to drive him insane and then left him hanging on the cusp of what was sure to be one of the most powerful orgasms of his life. He’s just trying to help him. Steve’s the one that keeps forgetting that and making things awkward. It’s no one’s fault but his own that he’s lying in a pool of his own slick with trembling limbs and pulsing nipples, still so close that a stray breeze might be enough to get him off.
“How do you know?” he asked, and he wanted to be reassured, because the expressions on both their faces when they’d finally seen each other again would haunt him for a long time.
“No?  And why would that be?” he asked, pulling his tie free in a hum of silk and admiring the way Captain America’s back tensed at the sound.
Maybe it started with the kisses, though. Tony had been so patient recently, but that surely had to be for Steve’s sake. Like Natasha, he’d heard enough stories about Tony to recognize that wasn’t how Tony normally operated.
There’s a noticeable silence on Dr. Stark’s end, and just when Steve’s going to break and look over, Dr. Stark says, “Give me one sec. I’ll be right back.”
“Three days, huh?” he said, and rationally he knew that a move from D. C. to New York wasn’t actually a very big one; and that if Fury had a problem with Tony and Steve being together, he would never have bullied them into a contract in the first person; and that Steve had been the one to come to him, looking to start again.
But then the feeling gradually recedes, and Steve guiltily can’t decide if that’s a good thing or not.
“What do you think happened?” Tony said, walking inside and spreading his arms out to encompass the whole room. “I was apparently harboring a traitor to the state! SHIELD came in and took anything that might tell them what your nefarious plans were. They were working on getting access to Stark Industries as well, but then you acquitted yourself, so that fell through to their everlasting disappointment,” he said, shaking his head sadly, “and I’ll probably get my things back sometime next year, assuming nothing gets lost in the process.”
Which was great, just great.  Tony loved feeling like some sort of chore to get done as quickly as possible.  Steve could say he wanted to gouge out his own eyes with a rusty spoon and manage to convey the same amount of enthusiasm.
Tony came up to him and put his hand on Steve’s bowed head, and Steve had thought his heart couldn’t break much more, but the way Tony’s fingers trembled as they stroked through his hair proved him wrong.
ETA 6/22/17: Okay, guys, so I was hoping to add one more chapter this week, but it's not going to happen after all. I had to work on my SuperBatBigBang, which I just posted, and I go on vacation next week and won't be around for a couple of weeks. So please be patient with me, and I'll get back to Nostalgia as soon as I get back.
?” he said, when they both stared at him.  “He wanted to be left alone!”  Or at the very least, he hadn’t wanted to be with Tony.  “I left him alone!  How is this a bad thing?”
It was a long time before the six of them made their way back to SHIELD headquarters. Fury came to pick up Loki, and Thor went with them to ensure he didn’t try anything, but Steve saw Thor back in the streets soon after. He gave him a nod in acknowledgment, but there were too many still to do, too many people that were trapped or needed help, for him to stop and do more than that. It was hours later before they went to get food, and Steve would have preferred to just find a bed to collapse in, but Tony had asked, and even if none of the others had been willing to go, Steve wouldn’t have been able to deny him.
“He’s not exactly the most forthcoming person I’ve ever met!” Tony said defensively. “If it were up to him, we’d probably sit in silence, glaring at each other thirty percent of the time, avoiding each other’s eyes another thirty percent, and working out the last forty with breaks for eating, sleeping, and using the bathroom! I’m doing what I can!”
Steve made a noise that Tony was sure to remember for a long time, and then he started wriggling his hips down, taking Tony in deeper and whining in the back of his throat as he began fucking himself shallowly on Tony’s finger.
“It would be my pleasure.” He waited until Steve leaned back to look at him before he said, “Come here,” taking a couple of steps toward the couch and sliding his hand down Steve’s arm until he could loosely grab his wrist.
“What, you think I’m proud of my performance last night?” Tony looked mock-offended. “I just sat there like a lump. Now, you said that you enjoyed it, but still. That couldn’t have been very fun for you.”
“You want a guarantee; you have it.” Fury inclined his head at him, and maybe it was Tony’s imagination, but he seemed much more animated than he had when they’d first started this conversation. Not that Fury was ever really brimming with emotions or anything other than weary scorn, but still. Relatively.
He couldn’t even say why, because he didn’t even want—they’d never talked about it or planned for it, and he didn’t—loving Tony didn’t mean he got to—
“From engineer to doctor? That’s quite the change,” Steve says, relaxing a little at the innocuous answer. Talking about what Tony was like when he was younger shouldn’t be dangerous. “Do you ever miss it?”
“I’m glad you’re okay,” Tony said, breaking the silence and making Steve snap out of his daze as a wash of guilt swept over him.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, tipping his head respectfully in her direction. “We’re here to rescue you and your husband.”
Which was how Steve found himself sitting naked against the headboard, Tony’s invention in his hand, almost hidden under a pillow, with Tony sitting in a chair at the end of the bed.
If he’d thought that he had the self-control for it, he would’ve looked back at Tony in order to see what expression he was wearing, would’ve wanted to watch Tony’s eyes darken and his face become flushed. The last thing Steve needed at that moment, however, was confirmation that Tony was getting caught up in what he was doing to him. Not when Steve was already this close.
Steve made sure to spread his legs wide, even though his face burned red as a result, and he tilted his hips up, in case Tony wanted to see everything. His arms, he let hang free, since Tony hadn’t said anything about them.
It took her longer to break into the main system, and Steve was starting to worry when she finally said, “Alright, I’ve found them. Dr. Martin is located on level 5 and her husband is on B-4.”
“That was hard for you. Rest now,” Tony told him, somehow right next to him, even though Steve hadn’t seen him move, and Steve felt such a rush of gratitude that Tony hadn’t let him fail, that Tony was there, he almost started crying, would have except he’d told himself he wouldn’t do that to Tony.
“Good. Alright, I’m going to let you down now,” Tony said, and Steve could already feel their descent.
Tony had never been the archetypical Dom, and he’d had to prove himself frequently throughout the years, to his father, to his peers, to people who had only seen him on the TV but still felt they had some kind of vested interest in his life. He’d thought he was settled enough in his own skin to not be bothered when someone questioned his orientation, but apparently not.
Steve could barely feel anything, but he could feel the way Tony’s fingers dug into his skin, painful and reassuring.
“Good things, I presume,” Tony said, holding his fingers up so they glistened in the light from the television.
It’s not like he’s going to get the chance to do it again. Steve hasn’t been been awake for even a full year yet, and Tony knows it’s just a matter of time before he finds someone, someone kind and funny and gorgeous with a knot big enough to make Steve—
Steve didn’t know how much time passed, the seconds seeming to drag on, one after the other, and he had to adjust twice, his hands sweaty from nervousness, his fingers slipping against his own skin. At least the sweat helped him push the tip of one finger in, not exactly comfortable, but it was worth it, though, for the sharp inhale of air he finally heard from behind him moments later, for the silence that stretched out after it.
It was loud in the helicopter, too loud to carry on a conversation even with the microphone that was part of their headset, and the pilot was there as well—not that Steve wanted to talk to Tony about this right now. Well, he did and he didn’t. What would he say? If Tony had meant—if Tony
It was always after one of those times, when he was already off-kilter, that thoughts of Tony would manage to sneak in. If Steve’s recollections of the past could be compared to an amputated limb, the pain radiating out from nonexistent flesh in flashes and bursts that drove him to his knees, then his memories of Tony were a freshly-taken wound that refused to even try to heal, open and bleeding him dry.
“Oh, don’t ever feel like you have to apologize for getting hard around me. I take it as a compliment.” Tony grinned and winked. “But back to my question. Just once a day, or do you have to come more frequently?”
Speaking of his failing self-control, Steve’s been trying to ignore the blankets Dr. Stark had given him because Dr. Stark had assumed they stopped carrying his scent and Steve hadn’t wanted to take advantage just because he knew differently. But Steve can’t see Dr. Stark anymore. He can hear the occasional sound, enough to guess what Dr. Stark is doing, but it’s not the same. And while he appreciates Dr. Stark’s promise to tell him what’s going to happen, it’s unsettling not knowing, and he can’t help but feel a little vulnerable, even as he realizes how foolish he’s being. He trusts Dr. Stark, and he knows Dr. Stark is going to take care of him.
If he were in his right mind, he’d probably be humiliated down to his very bones, but at that moment, all he feels is good. Floaty.
“What do you want it to mean?” she asked, and it was like a dam breaking, the tidal wave of emotions that crashed through him at her question that he’d been so desperately holding back for the past ten months.
It shouldn’t matter. And it didn’t to a certain extent. This tiny bit of humiliation was nothing in comparison to the pain he’d caused Tony.
“I don’t know what else—” Tony took a shuddering breath and fiercely bit down on his lip to keep back the rest of what he wanted to say.
“Please, Tony, please,” Steve gasped, arching into Tony’s thrusts as best as he could with his wrists anchored to his ankles as they were.  He should’ve known better than to agree with anything Tony requested when he had that glint in his eyes.
He goes to the refrigerator and pulls out a carton of eggs, grabbing another carton, too, in case he can get Tony to eat some as well.  Sometimes, if he sneaks food in front of Tony, he’ll just start eating without paying attention until it’s too late.
Steve sits on the sidelines and wishes like anything that Tony would pay half as much attention to him.
And then, after it was all said and done and Steve had paid back every mark that crisscrossed Tony’s skin by at least tenfold, then Tony would’ve looked at Steve with eyes clear of any doubt or bitterness and finally seen him as someone who loved him and who could possibly be loved in return.
He skimmed the news, keeping one ear open for signs that Stark had finished his calls. He was too preoccupied to concentrate on any particular article for long and checked on the tense state of international affairs more out of habit than with any real purpose. He ended up reading the link to “Stark Industries: Then and Now” twice before he understood it.
Tony, though, Tony did try. He’d offered his home to Steve, kept his distance, never hinted that Steve owed him anything. That had all been Steve.
Tony finds himself swallowing and rubbing his tongue against his teeth and top of his mouth, like he’s chasing after the flavor, even though it’s physically impossible since he’s only getting the echo from what his tentacles are touching. It’s a little embarrassing, but there’s no one to witness it, so whatever.
“I’d say if I had to break it up into percentages, it’d be eighty/twenty maybe, sometimes more, sometimes less, depending on the mood. It doesn’t make me less of a Dom.”
He turned towards the window and tensed each time he heard the rustle of a turning page, but he didn’t look back at her and only muttered a quick, “Good-bye,” when the timer went off, carefully pulling the door closed behind him so it closed with a near-silent
So while he hadn’t moved in with Tony with the intention of being bad, he was starting to feel like that was how he’d been acting anyway.
He and Loki both looked up as music suddenly blared high above them, and then a blast of light threw Loki across the plaza.
“Now, I don’t know how familiar you are with breastfeeding techniques,” Dr. Stark says as he stares down into Steve's wide eyes, “but I’m going to be using the Marmet method to see if I can induce any kind of letdown reflex. Some mothers find that using warm, damp towels on their breasts for a few minutes helps to open up the milk ducts, but I don’t really have anything like that readily available, so I’d typically avoid that step in the office. You’re running a little cool, however, and I don’t want to miss anything because I didn’t take the time to examine you properly, so I’m just going to use body heat. Luckily, my hands tend to run hot,” he says, and they do. They feel almost blistering on Steve’s chest, and his cock flexes wildly at the thought, so much so that he swears he can see the sheet move from the corner of his eye.
“Yes?” Steve asked. He knew it was important, and he didn’t think Tony would’ve wanted him to sit like this if he were angry, but Steve was suddenly filled with a sense of foreboding. What if Tony hadn’t liked—he arched reflexively as Tony found a ticklish spot.
“No, thank you. It’s one of those things I prefer to find out for myself,” he said, the memory of their kisses flashing through his mind and making him shift in his chair.
Tony’s eyes searched his face, his expression turning resigned almost, which Steve didn’t like at all. Did he think he still wanted to argue? All of Steve’s anger had drained away a long time ago. He just wanted to make sure Tony knew how sorry he was, how much he regretted all of it before he had to leave. “Alright.”
Once, he hadn’t known what he wanted, had heard Tony imply that he might have feelings for him but had denied it as some sort of mistake right after. It’d been a cold comfort to him that he’d never heard the words outright from Tony.
“Okay, see, but there’s the normal polite, and there’s the ‘I’m going to be good even if it kills me’ polite, and he’s always leaned toward the second with me.”
There’s no way Tony can just glide in, and Tony has to pull back slightly, force himself back in with these small thrusts and jabs that shove the air out of Steve’s lungs in breathy, shocked grunts, like there’s not room for both oxygen and Tony’s cock in his body, and at that thought, Steve comes before he can fully process what’s happening.
Steve shifted in his chair and looked back towards the hallway one more time before moving the mouse. He let the arrow hover over the link for a few seconds, wondering if he should follow it or not. Stark had never said he couldn’t research him, however, and he’d already read the file SHIELD had given him before they presented Stark, and it was all public information anyway.
. He had to stay focused. Steve needed him, and while Tony had already fucked everything up, he’d be damned if he didn’t at least give Steve his attention here at the end, whatever it eventually cost him.
He answers the standard “how are you doing today?” and “is there anything you want to mention to the doctor?” questions, and he tries not to fidget, but it’s hard to keep still.
“Why are you here?” Tony asked, his patience gone, and he didn’t even care that he was the first one to blink. He just wanted Steve to say whatever it was he’d come to say and then leave.
“I already put your stuff in the closet,” Tony said, and Steve nodded, feeling a little pang of guilt for making him carry his bag. Tony had told him to pack light, however, so it wouldn’t have been very heavy, but he’d honestly forgotten he’d brought anything at all. He should’ve taken care of his things before they’d had their conversation. “As for the clothes you’re wearing, you can put them in the hamper, and I’ll take care of them before we leave.”
Steve had never felt anything like it before. He’d jumped out of planes of course, but there’d only been one way to go then, and control had been an illusion in the face of the elements and the threat of enemy fire.
He knew that anyone on the battlefield would’ve done the same thing if they could have. But Tony had been the only one who’d actually done it, and Steve wished, more than anything, that it had been him instead.
to reproduce," or "shareholders don't like to see Alphas unmarried—too potentially volatile for the company," or
It felt … fine, he supposed, moving it around tentatively. It burned, since he hadn’t really stretched himself, and it was nothing like whenever Tony was the one using it on him, but then, Steve wasn’t really aroused, so he supposed that had a lot to do with it. He was almost relieved in a way. He’d been vaguely worried that it’d turn into something about him, about his wants, his needs. But this was going to be all about pleasing Tony.
“You’re fine,” Dr. Stark says, and maybe it’s his imagination, but it feels like he looks Steve up and down in a way that’s not purely professional. It’s probably just wishful thinking, though, so Steve doesn’t let it fluster him. “Or at least, that’s the goal. Now why don’t you tell me what’s going on. The nurse mentioned hot flashes and excessive slick production, is that right?”
Why though? Did he want to be part of the Avengers’ Initiative that much? Steve could understand him taking Nick up on the deal in order to secure his place, but Nick had already given him an out. Stark could’ve locked Steve in his room for the next three months and still be guaranteed a position on the team. Instead, other than the hour or so he’d been gone in the morning after their argument—which a small part of Steve was starting to feel slightly uncomfortable about—Stark had been almost glued to his side all day.
“Of course you do,” Nick said. “This isn’t the draft, and no one can deny that you’ve already served your country beyond what could be expected of anyone.”
He gets a fierce sense of satisfaction when Steve’s legs start to tremble, but there’s still a long way to go. Steve can take so much.
Still, Morgan eventually started to smile shyly at him when he visited, and it was strange, but Steve discovered that he
“Just like last time, you won’t be able to speak, but you can make appropriate noises, so you can bark, or whine, or whimper, and I would encourage you to do so in order to communicate.”
“Wait,” he panted, consciously trying to relax his muscles so he’d be less likely to orgasm. “Let me—oh fuck—let me turn over.”
His hectocotyli are nowhere near as long as his tentacles, and they don’t have a single sucker on them, but in their normal state, the two of them together are significantly thicker than Steve’s cock, and Tony can change their length and girth at will.
Although … isn’t this a little fast? He’s literally never had sex with someone this quickly after meeting them before, and shouldn’t they do more than just exchange names? Shouldn’t he at least take Steve to dry land where he’s sure to be more comfortable?
The memory of lipstick smudged against Tony’s collar flashed through his mind, making Steve feel cold for the first time since he’d taken off his clothes.
“No!” Steve said, trying to close his legs, almost panicked at the thought that Tony would leave him like this, wracked with desire and unable to do anything about it.
It’s 6:27pm, however, and he has no idea if anyone’s going to be there when he finally arrives, dripping wet no less because there’s a thunderstorm going on outside. He’d gotten soaked in the few seconds it’d taken him to run from his car to the building, because like an idiot, he hadn’t checked the weather before he’d gone to work and had left his umbrella at home.
Well, one of two good things, but Steve had nixed the first one in the bud already.  Thor had even said it’d be okay, because who was he to keep shield mates apart, but
It was so large. And quiet. Empty. At least at SHIELD there had been people around in the other apartments. He hadn’t ever interacted with any of them, still reeling from everything that had happened, but he couldn’t deny that it’d been comforting to hear the occasional murmur in the background.
But they need me here, Tony, and no matter how much I want to find you, Their numbers keep growing and growing. I can’t leave the others to this gruesome fight alone.
He shied away from the memory, knowing he must have misheard somehow, the words, the devastation behind them. He knew better by now than to hope.
Yes, Steve was humiliated and anxious and there was a part of him that wanted to take Tony’s offer for a different punishment ... but he couldn’t imagine telling Tony he wouldn’t accept whatever he had in store for him. He might as well walk out the door right now, which was something he adamantly refused to do.
He stares glumly at the far end of the room where Tony is showing the other Steve something, their heads bent over one of Tony’s numerous gadgets, their sides pressed together.
Surely Tony would’ve told him if he’d ever been married before. That’s not something you just forget to tell your long-term boyfriend.
But Steve was doing him a favor, was doing the both of them one.  Their . . . whatever it was they wanted to call it . . . wasn’t so far along that cutting things off would wreck the team.  Yes, it’d be awkward for a while, but it was salvageable, and it wasn’t like Tony would have a hard time finding someone to take his place.
Steve sits up hurriedly, closing his legs, and once again, Dr. Stark asks, “Are you alright, Steve?” his voice devastatingly kind, and Steve wants—
“But don’t be surprised if you see something about us soon,” he said, spur of the moment, but it felt like a weight lifting from his shoulders.
But that’s not what today is for.  Today is for making enough memories to tide him over for two months, so he sticks his arm out and points the camcorder in the direction of their faces, and he lets Steve kiss exactly him like he wants to, Steve’s hands cradling his head, his mouth pressing against his hard enough to hurt.
“Not … exactly,” Steve says, because it hadn’t really. He just hadn’t expected the rush of sensation. “It just felt weird.”
“That’s right,” Tony said, slowing down and gradually coming to a stop, lingering inside for a few seconds before pulling his fingers out gently. “Just like that, Steve. You were perfect for me.”
It took a second for Steve to really make sense of what Tony had said, his thoughts sluggish and unwieldy, and when he did, he replied, “Your back, though?”
Alright, so maybe Tony had been thinking about it a little more than he should, but whatever, he was only human.  Tony still wasn’t going to touch him, because like one of those fancy cakes served at formal parties or a wedding, Steve might look amazing and mouth-wateringly delicious on the outside, but on the inside, he was dry and bitter and deceiving, and whoever had put the combination together was a jackass.
. He forced himself to relax, to roll his hips obscenely before pulling the toy back out and starting the small pulses again. It hurt a little more the next time he rammed it in, his insides throbbing, but he kept at it, alternating the shallow dips with the deep thrusts, and all too soon, the burn turned into something else.
me, or, or try to take your submission when it wasn’t freely given, and I should’ve made that clear from day one. I wouldn’t—” He cleared his throat. “I wouldn’t do that. And maybe you already know this, or maybe you don’t, but safewords aren’t only used in the bedroom, and the reason I want you to pick one has nothing to do with anything other than wanting you to feel as secure as you can.”
“Sometimes. When the mood—” He bit back the instinctual response to be snide. “Just sometimes,” he finished a moment later, gentler than before, and it wasn’t a real answer, but then, Tony didn’t think either of them were ready for a real answer.
He’d hurt Tony. Again and again. Had believed Tony capable of … terrible things and left him to suffer the consequences of Hydra’s infiltration on his own and without any warning. How did a person apologize for something like that? How did he fix it?
“You know what I’d really love right now, though?” Tony said, his fingers settling over the back of Steve’s hand and rubbing firmly. “A cup of coffee to wake me up. Would you make one for me, Steve? You know how I like it.”
What was he supposed to do with that? What could he do? Did it even matter now? Why hadn’t he thought to question what Nick and Tony told him? Why had he blindly accepted what they told him? “It doesn’t change anything, though, does it? I mean, the contract was only for three months.”
He can’t very well tell Dr. Stark that, though, especially when Dr. Stark went to all the trouble of setting it up for him, especially
Steve doesn’t realize he’s put out a hand to steady himself until he’s holding onto the doorframe, but he hadn’t been ready to hear something like that come out of Tony’s mouth.
And he knew that it was a terrible thought, that in the morning, he’d be angry with himself for even having considered it.
“Ready?” Tony asked, smiling and looking so pleased to leave the penthouse that the suggestion they put off going down until tomorrow withered on Steve’s tongue.
Still, Tony couldn’t have known that he’d wake up, could he? Steve could’ve been out for the night, and then what would Tony have done? Woken him up? He frowned. It was a distinct possibility. Or Tony could’ve slept in another room, he supposed. There were several empty guest rooms, and he knew that Tony also had a bed in his lab. But . . . surely Tony wouldn’t have put Steve in his bed if he hadn’t wanted him there.
And many thanks to all the people who’ve left kudos and comments. It means so much to me. Thank you.
“It’s just my luck that I get handcuffed to the epitome of male perfection, and I am too drugged to do anything about it,” Tony said, with only the faintest trace of slurring.  If Steve hadn’t seen their captors inject something into Tony’s arm, Steve wouldn’t have noticed even that.
“No, no, no, there’s no actual stripping!” Tony said, holding his hands up.  “They just dance!  I dance, too!  We all dance.  Together!  As a matter of fact, if the mood hits you, I could have them play something especially for you—”
“It’s illegal to re-contract with the same person within a year of breaking a contract,” Fury said, and it was all Steve could do to keep his expression from changing and show just how much of an impact his words had had on him.
“Honor,” Steve said, immediately, no trace of hesitancy in his voice, and the show of Steve’s trust in him went a long way in soothing the stupid worry that had been bothering him for the past week about Clint and Natasha. Not enough to make him change his plans, of course, because Tony had gone to a lot of effort getting everything ready, and waste not, want not and all that, but still. “Tony, what are you doing?”
“Please, please, Tony,” he begged, and he tried to be still, to grit his teeth and accept it, but it was impossible.
“But after you explained, Tony, I really was okay. I know you don’t believe me, and I understand why, but I swear I didn’t need to use my safeword then. I realize, though, that you felt like I did, and I’m sorry that I created a situation where you felt you had to say it for me and that I hurt you as a result.”
How would Stark react, though, to Steve refusing a medical check-up? What would he think? How would it affect Steve’s plans?
Steve was tired when he got back to the penthouse, but that didn’t seem to matter to the butterflies in his stomach. Three days wasn’t long by any means, but after having gone almost a year without seeing Tony prior to that, it’d been a lot longer than he’d liked.
This is me, being silly and trying to get back into the writing Avengers mood.  :)  For the “magical transformation” square of avengers_tables and the “cute fluffy animals” square of cap_ironman bingo.  Cheesy title is cheesy.
Tony used to kill people from a distance.  It was safer that way.  They were less likely to be able to fight back, it reduced the chance of any potential witnesses, and the likelihood of getting splatter on his clothes went down to nil.
He should’ve said he’d never considered it before but that he wouldn’t rule anything out for the right person. That he’d never met anyone like Tony before, had never felt for anyone the same kind of happiness and eagerness that he felt when he thought about him. He should’ve told him almost anything else other than what he'd actually said and if he had, then maybe he’d be practicing with Tony right now instead of being nearly crippled with the fear that if he didn’t enjoy doing it, Tony would take it as proof that their relationship wasn’t going to work out.
Not to mention the fact that he’d only been awake for four months.  How could they expect him to turn over his life to someone he’d met a few days prior, someone he didn’t know and didn’t trust?  It was bad enough SHIELD had kept the reintegration process as slow as possible.  How much worse would it be when a single person was supposed to be in charge of him?
“I know I am.” She hesitated briefly, then touched her necklace, an arrow on a chain. “Clint and I went through something similar early on in our relationship. We were only held for a few hours before we escaped, but it was a long few hours. It took a lot of therapy and a lot of time, but we pulled through, because we refused to let it break us. Dr. Martin and her husband will as well.”
It can’t possibly be because of Steve, can it? Dr. Stark has never acted like he’s been interested in him, beyond a reaction to the obviousness of Steve’s attraction anyway, and considering Steve’s come multiple times while Dr. Stark has had his fingers or a speculum inside of him, Steve had assumed that meant Dr. Stark didn’t return his feelings.
Bucky, who he knew would be the first to tell him to be happy … but who he’d promised he’d be there for and who had to feel even more alone than Steve had ever been. At least Steve had had people who were happy he was alive, but Bucky had woken up in a world where virtually everyone either hated him or wanted to use him.
It was equally obvious that Captain America was having some sort of problem in his pants, and Fury had wanted to send someone to relieve the issue, but Cap was against the idea for some reason.
“Not as well as I’d like, that’s true,” she said, and it was impossible to tear his eyes away from hers, “but I do know that much.”
He tagged Stark’s chin, his ear, his stomach, and his chest before Stark’s mouth started to thin, his punches coming in a little harder, a little faster.
For their first time anyway. Steve can see all sorts of ways that could be fun once they’d been together longer.
It’s a long, torturous hour and twelve minutes before the meeting wraps up, and it’s all he can do not to bolt for the door, but he walks calmly back to his cubicle and puts his stuff down before heading downstairs and through the back door towards the parking lot. He may be walking a little faster by the time he reaches his car, but it’s barely noticeable.
Now, however, he carried it around without quite knowing how to make it smaller. He wanted to be good for Tony. He just . . . didn’t know how.
“Hey,” Stark said when Steve made his way back into the living room. He was sitting on the long couch, watching car racing. “Weren’t you a busy little bee today?”
His cock slapped wetly against his stomach, and he didn’t know when he’d closed his eyes, but he squeezed them shut even further and struggled to calm down and slow his panting breaths.
Steve didn’t know how he felt about it. It was made out of metal and shaped almost like a basket so it could fit over his nose and mouth. It was somehow both lighter and heavier than he’d expected, and when he rolled his jaw, he could feel the leather straps tighten against his cheeks. On the one hand, it was almost reassuring to have the physical reminder to not talk, to not say anything poisonous or hurtful and to use his silence to make up for all the things he should’ve said before.
“And as I said, when you do as you’re told, you can earn rewards. Nothing too big, but something I think you’d like,” Tony said, a gentle smile growing on his lips, easy and free and without any of the tension of the past several days, and Steve thought he’d do anything to keep Tony smiling like that.
Not that the idea didn’t have its appeal.  Like any red-blooded Alpha, he’d thought about what it’d be like to be tied to someone, to have him or her squirming on his knot while they both came over and over again, reeking of sex and pheromones and each other’s scent.
“Okay, okay, it’s out of my system now,” Tony said, happiness dripping from his words, and leaned down, winding his fingers into the netting and tearing the strands apart. At the surprised sound Steve made, he explained, “This was a last minute addition, so there are still a few kinks to work out. Trust me, trying to peel this off takes hours since they’re weighted and made to adhere to each other. It’ll be better next time.”
Take, for instance, the nipple clamps. That first night in front of the television, they hadn’t even gotten to Steve admitting all of his fantasies, because Tony had discovered that pinching Steve’s nipples over an extended period of time made him so needy that Steve had broken the ottoman in an attempt to keep from touching himself. Tony had taken advantage of that knowledge frequently ever since. In and of itself, that would’ve been bad enough, but Tony had bought him several pairs of nipple clamps, some plain, but most of them decorated with jewels or chains or even little bows, and he kept telling Steve how gorgeous they made him look, how plump and perfect his nipples were, and it never failed to make him flushed all over, shivering with desire and shame.
Tony keeps getting little flashes of what his Angel tastes like through his suckers, and it’s distracting as hell. At first he thought he was just getting hungry, but he quickly realizes that’s not it when he gets stirrings in a place somewhat lower than his stomach.
His one room was bigger than the entire apartment SHIELD had provided him, and that had contained a bathroom, living room and kitchen as well. While he no longer had a kitchen, he had a closet that he could potentially get lost in, a large sitting area, two televisions, and a bathroom that had a shower, a huge tub and an incredible, dizzying view of the city.
It was too little information. Surely it wouldn’t bring up any results. If anything, Bucky would get a handful of cooking recipes by a chef named Tony. There was no way it’d work.
Joe was so used to everyone knowing about it that he hadn’t mentioned it until it was too late, but whatever, the SHIELD agent was going to be fine.
All too quickly, however, Tony seemed to remember himself, and Steve hated the way his features closed off.
“Try harder next time,” Tony told him, but then he sighed at the crestfallen expression on Steve’s face. “Fine. Let me show you how it’s done.”
It felt—Steve could barely contain the yell behind his teeth as he hooked his finger underneath the muscle and pulled, opening himself that much further. His head was fuzzy, the vibrator was going to make him shake apart, and Steve thought he might actually be humping the ottoman at that point, but it felt—
“Safewords don’t work that way,” Tony said, his voice low enough that Steve couldn’t decipher his tone, but he could tell there
But all he does is nod and manage a semblance of a smile, pulling his robe around him and lowering the sheet over his legs, his ass empty and faintly throbbing and Dr. Stark halfway across the room. The shame from everything he’s done finally catches up with him, and there's a reason Steve hates his checkup so much.
“True, but if part of the terms were that you lived with Mr. Stark, but then you went your separate ways after—”
It turned out that Tony had ordered in, so all they had to do were the finishing touches, like adding pasta to the water and putting the garlic bread in the oven. There was a lot of food, including an antipasto dish, a large salad, several different types of cheese, and even a tiramisu for afterward, although Steve had other plans for once dinner was over.
Steve knew she was asking if he had anyone he would call a friend, and for just a moment, he thought about warm brown eyes and a brash smile, and then he shook his head.
Tony slumped back onto the bed, too tired at the realization to keep going. He vaguely remembered heading for his room and Steve touching him or grabbing him or something, and then Tony had … well, he didn’t exactly know what he’d done at the point, but he assumed he’d collapsed, since his memory was a blank from then on.
ETA: Guys, just remember that I love Tony. The next chapter will not be as bad as this chapter is leading you to believe.
.  What else was I supposed to do, let Fury pawn him off on some other Dom who’d probably keep him chained to the bed all the time?”
“Oh, Steve,” Tony says, after a short pause, his voice low and reverent, “just look at you, Sweetheart.” Tony’s fingers circle his hole and then slide into him without resistance, playing with him as he lies there, exhausted and vulnerable.
Tony kind of hated Steve Rogers in that moment for taking that all away from him, one of the last hold-overs from a childhood that hadn’t been much of one at all.
The thing was that Tony was crazy and fun and threw himself into life like every day was a gift, and Steve needed that.  He needed someone to take his mind off of how far he’d let himself fall, and Tony needed a keeper, so it all worked out in the end.  And it didn’t hurt that the sex was good.  Frequent orgasms went a long way in improving his overall disposition and in giving him the patience to put up with Tony’s brand of superhero-ing.  They helped each other along, and even if it wasn’t perfect, well, nothing ever was, but it was safe, and that was more important anyway.
