Sam moved cautiously toward it, demon blade in hand. Something was in that cage, and he needed to know what it was. The enclosure was low to the ground, and the tall hunter had to squat down to be able to peer inside it.
“Please, don’t,” Dean asked reaching out to touch Castiel. He didn’t though. His hand stopped just short of brushing the angel’s sleeve. “Cas, stay.”
The demon tapped one of the papers. "It was in the draw of his nightstand on top of a dog-eared back issue of Asian Busty Beauties. Must be his go-to when Cas-"
There was no immediate answer as Dean clutched the edge of the sink and tried to bring his body under control. The revulsion and fear were still running through him, but his nausea was passing. He reached out and turned on the faucet and watched the water begin to wash his puke down the drain. For a moment, he wondered if it was a metaphor about his life, but then he wasn't that poetic.
“You’re right, Deano,” the demon abruptly said. “Why are we over here arguing about this, when we could be over there enjoying ourselves, having fun with our angel?”
"I'm not going to repeat it, Cas, ever," Dean said, making a cutting motion with his hand. "Take away my 'get out of jail card,' make threats, even lock me in the panic room if you like, but I am not going to repeat what that bastard said."
Wordlessly, Dean complied.
He dropped the plates on the table, the forks nearly popping off to land on the floor, and took a seat. He reached for his cold coffee and stared at Cas.
The hunter stared at Castiel. Looking wounded, he gave the angel a slight nod. Then he ran over his mouth then looked away. He turned and looked out the window to the darkening Dakota sky.
There's just too much that time cannot erase
“Excuse me?” Sam twisted his head sharply to look at Rowena, nearly jerking the steering wheel to the right as well. What was she up to? “That’s
“Isn’t anyone going to ask what I think?” Crowley interjected.
Sam shot a look at Crowley. The demon never did anything that wasn’t self-serving. “Don’t you have a kingdom to run?”
Castiel curled up on his side and pulled his knees tight to his chest.
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Peace for you. Oblivion for me if I’m lucky.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean dropped the bottle and charged toward the demon.
Sam dashed toward the door and slid to a stop as it suddenly opened.
“I want to defeat the demon, Dean,” Castiel said bluntly.
DEAN HUNG LIMP from the rack, cuts crisscrossed his naked body creating an etching in sliced flesh and rivulets of blood. His skin was a canvass, one that had been used and reused many times by a singular artist.
Then Castiel had clearly heard Dean’s prayer.
Dean cackled not with mirth but at the absurdity of his situation. The nausea, the shakes, and now the seizures all made sense. This wasn’t some torture devised by Castiel. This was something much more straightforward but just as deadly. Dean was in withdrawal.
Kissing Dean, the real Dean, was more than the angel had imagined it could be. In that brief moment, their lips met, the love he’d felt for the hunter had overridden any fears the angel had. For the duration of that gentle kiss, Castiel had forgotten all the past trauma. Instead, he’d been entirely in the present, which had given him hope for a future.
Truth be told, Castiel would march into a thousand Hells to save Dean and rebel against a thousand heavens to fall for him. Yet, how could he be together with him if he was overcome by the memories of the demon when he tried to
“But it’s not really a barrier,” Castiel continued. “It’s more like an edge.”
There was no sign of Castiel.
Sam’s answering eye roll was not exaggerated but entirely justified.
Dean opened one eye and looked at Castiel. “Ouch.”
Somehow, he still crawled, narrowing the gap between him and the angel.
“Yes, okay? I had feelings...attractions that I didn’t know how to deal with,” Dean said, his eyes searching Castiel’s as if hoping to find an answer to some question he hadn’t asked. “I...that night...the one where I took you for a lapdance. When we got back to the car, I told you it was the first night I had laughed, I mean right from the gut since...well before I went to Hell. I knew...we both thought you were gonna die facing off against Raphael, and at that moment I….”
"Stay here. We got this," Sam said with more confidence than he felt. He gestured toward the demon, and they left, closing the door behind them.
Bid my blood to run
"Company's here," Crowley said as the three raced from the angel's room down the hall with Sam doing his best to keep up, limited by his bad ankle.
He had said he would not be a signatory to Dean’s suffering. If the hunter was seeking forgiveness through his pain, he would not find it with the angel. Once again, he unfurled his wings readying to flee the basement.
"No, we need to talk about this," the angel said, rising to his feet. "These dreams are exhausting you."
Save me from the nothing I've become
“Oh don’t get so high and mighty, we both know what goes through your mind in the middle of the night when you’re too sober to sleep,” the demon said as it lubed up its dick.
"Oh, I believe you do, and I'm...gonna give you one chance to return him to me. No harm, no foul."
“Alistair,” Dean whispered, his mouth suddenly dry.
The hunter nodded.
“Not until you’ve cleaned up. I’m not riding in a car several hundred miles with you smelling like the inside of a boys locker room.”
“Are you sure this is going to work?” Sam asked, tightening his grip on the demon blade.
Dean held up his hand. “Cas. You didn’t do anything wrong, and the kiss was…good…perfect…I just….”
Pain. Castiel remembered the agony of body and essence as Dean had shoved his way inside the angel, violating him. The hunter had dominated Castiel, ruining him.
"Is there something wrong?" Castiel asked earnestly.
He opened his eyes and focused. If he had to remember he wanted the torment.
“Former,” Sam replied.
Castiel had said he was in charge. He called the shots. Was this an order? Could Dean refuse the juice? What would happen if he did?
Tears began to form in the corner of Dean’s eyes. He couldn’t stop the memories any more than he could prevent the erection he was no sporting.  He’d been in pain for so long, nothing but exposed nerves. He’d been alone and trapped.
“Just coffee then.” His trek back across the kitchen was no steadier than the first time. However, he was able to pour a cup of joe without spilling it, so that was a win. Grabbing the books and the mug, he sat down at the kitchen table.
He stopped trying to clear the exhaustion from his eyes and direct his gaze at the mug. Given the hue of the deep stain inside, he figured his guess was about right.
“And that absolves me, Dean?”
“And what about you, Samuel?” Rowena asked softly.
Dean hissed as he secured the medical tape in place. It was tight and pinched his skin. He grasped the edge of the sink and took a shallow breath. His ribs still hurt, but the raw edge to the pain was gone. The tape was doing its job.
The angel had taken a step back then. What did Dean think Castiel was going to do for him? In his delirium, did he believe the angel would save him? At one time that may have been the case, but surely even his delusions must know that was no longer true.
Briefly, Dean remembered the last conversation he’d had with Chuck.
“You think?” Sam slurred, ignoring the angel and making his way to the car.
Dean’s heart seized, the world spun, and for a moment he lost himself, the tether to his identity fraying. He was the demon pounding into Castiel; he could feel the angel around him and underneath him. Dean was also a broken human; his body convulsing on the cold cement floor. His mind fractured, and his soul screamed.
'Cause your presence still lingers here
Dean hissed. The question pierced him like the First Blade, the knife Abbadon had used to kill him turning him into a demon. “You mean what wouldn’t I?”
Dean shook his head. "Don't do this, Cas."
Hey, I'm back! Sorry for the long hiatus. Some health problems all through the holidays and then February is not my best mental health month. However, I have been steadily getting my headspace back together. So hope you enjoy this update!  This chapter is unbetaed. Remember,
The realization slammed into him, spinning him around. He was trapped. There would be no oblivion, and without it, no peace. He swept his eyes around the yard, like an animal seeking an escape. His gaze landed on Baby.
Dean’s prayer had been filled with so much shame it had robbed Castiel of his breath. It was deeper and more significant than the remorse the hunter had felt for his part in starting the Apocalypse. It had felt more personal. The angel had widened his eyes in confusion and fear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You do not get to call ‘pickles’ on this discussion,” Castiel said, forestalling Dean’s use of his’ safeword.’
Gabriel hadn't appeared to heal any. He was still covered in scars and festering wounds. The small angel still looked emaciated and weak.
Letting out a cry of anguish of his own,  Dean looked around for anything to help end the twisted replay in his brain. If he’d had his gun, he’d gladly eat a bullet but he'd left it in the house. However, there were no firearms lying around, just some old tires, rusting car parts, and well-weathered crowbar.
"You?" The word tumbled out of Dean's mouth before he could stop it.
A silence grew between them. Castiel was lost. His instincts said to fly but Dean’s outstretched hand asked the angel to stay.  Eventually, though, something had to change. It wasn’t feasible to sustain this impasse and the status quo was leading into a disaster that only spelled victory for the demon. A kernel of hopelessness began to try and take root as Castiel realized he had control but he no longer had an idea of how to move forward toward repairing all that was broken between he and Dean.
The angel clenched his hands into fists, he's body vibrated with a need to hurt in kind. He stepped around the table, ignoring Dean's pleas just as Castiel's had been disregarded. He stared dispassionately as Dean sobbed on the floor.
“And what about Chuck?” Rowena practically purred.
The angel leaned forward slightly. "My brother kept my mind muted...sedated, but there were a few memories that seeped through to my consciousness. I remember a...fight...between you and Lucifer in the bunker's kitchen."
Castiel called upon his grace and pushed back against the remembrances. Just because he could recall those abominations with perfect clarity did not mean he had to. Tears of frustration formed in his eyes. He’d witnessed the rise and fall of Phoenicia, seen the first bricks laid at the base of the pyramids in Giza, and beheld the hanging gardens of Babylon. Why wasn’t he plagued by those memories?
Dean did. He should have been the one to bite it, not Castiel. Now, that Amara had brought the angel back, maybe Dean could finally do one thing right by him.
Dean kept his eyes focused on the angel and downed the contents. It was cloyingly sweet and citrus tart at the same time. It had that strange tang concentrated juice always had. He forced a smile, hoping he had done the right thing.
Pain slammed through Sam as a demon plowed into him. The hunter's bad ankle twisted further.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Sam said casting a quick look at the witch. He had seen first hand what could happen to people under one of her spells.
Dean had pushed too far. He knew it before he'd even asked the question, but he couldn't help himself. Now, with Castiel practically vibrating before him with rage, the hunter wished he'd just kept his mouth shut and kept sweeping.
Ignoring his protesting muscles, he unwrapped an arm and reached to drag a hand squeeze the back of his neck. He paused as his palm touched the skin at his hairline. It was slick with sweat. Frowning, he reached around and swiped his hand over his face.
Except he wasn’t. Hell would be better than this.
"You would have preferred, Sam?" Castiel arched an eyebrow.
The angel deepened the kiss slightly, letting the tips of his tongue dance across Dean's. It was sweet and tentative, as if it were a polite guest not overstaying their welcome.
Sure, Dean had hurt and failed them, but he’d never once misunderstood the importance of them. Family had been at the heart of the choices he’d made, for good or bad.
, Dean hadn’t recognized. The angel had committed atrocities under the sway and overwhelming power of the Leviathans.
“So what? This is payback? You thinking fucking me is gonna what? Give you some sense of closure?” Dean curled his fingers into Castiel’s shoulders.
"Dean, I am in control of my emotional responses. I am not…' angry.'"
The angel heard his name cried in desperate supplication. It angered and surprised him. He’d shut Dean out months ago. He’d learned to ignore any errant benedictions put forth by the hunter’s soul, but here in this place, this was the second time he’d heard Dean’s cry.
Wake me up inside
“No, I-” Sam started to argue.
"Cas," Dean said, staring at the angel and saying his name with an amalgamation of emotions too layered to adequately read. Then he held up his hands in surrender. "Why did you say 'yes' to Lucifer?"
“When has anything to do with Heaven or Hell made sense?” Sam answered his voice laced with bitterness and anger. “It’s all just rules games we were never told we were playing until it was necessary to clue us in...or we died.”
Once Sam had come tearing into the kitchen after hearing raised voices and the loud clattering of dishes crashing to the floor. Dean had had Lucifer, bloody and laughing, pinned to the wall.
"Suffice it to say it was a combination of a critique, approval, a retelling of his favorite moments with Sam and…." Bile rose at the back of Dean's throat. "A suggestion we should…."
Frozen inside, without your touch
“Bastard probably hid it,” Dean growled. He was frustrated, more than that, he was scared. He also was out of options and he wasn’t in control. He wasn’t his best in situations like these. However, had he really been in a situation like this?
Chasing down a case that “wasn’t” was easier than facing the reality that his brother was dead, truly dead. Billy had promised the next time either of them died there would be no escape clause, it would be final. There wouldn’t even be an afterlife.
“Yeah, well it doesn’t afford much of an opportunity for murder, mayhem, and piracy.” Sam heard the sound of ice plummeting into a glass. “All of which would be too good for that Men of Letters cow.”
Dean froze. He stared at Castiel for a moment. “That wasn’t the same.”
The angel stood there, his head tilted to the side watching Dean as if he couldn’t understand what was happening to the human. As far as the hunter could tell, the angel was unfettered and unharmed, but this couldn’t be good. He was no match for Alistair.
It appeared that his brother was somehow still bent on oblivion and Castiel was seeking revenge. Sam knew about as well as anyone the angel had plenty of reasons to hurt Dean and now that he was no longer a demon, Castiel could.
“Cas…” Dean flinched, raising his eyes to his friend.
Castiel hovered just under the edge at the boundary high above the junkyard below. He stretched his wings, the tips just brushing up against the borderline. A strange tingling sensation ran through them, not unpleasant but definitely uncomfortable.
“Dean!” The gun fell out of Sam’s hand and landed on the table with a heavy thud and he nearly followed.  His vision blurred and tears began to slide down his cheek. “Dean,” he sobbed in a broken whisper.
“Look, Castiel, I don’t know where we are...or maybe
Sam wasn’t sure how long they walked, and he certainly had no concept of where they were. There were many points where the tunnel branched off in different directions. Still, the former King of Hell seemed to navigate them seamlessly. Whether Sam liked it or not, he had to trust the demon.
Sam shook his head. He’d watched enough Buffy the Vampire Slayer reruns to know what happened when the good witch went bad.
“Dean!” Sam yelled stepping in between his brother and the demon. “This isn’t helping.”
“I’m all right,” Sam grunted once again forcing himself to his knees. “More or less.”
were Loki?"
While Dean had only “died” two days ago, in reality, he had been gone for months. The demon version of his brother had not only destroyed Dean when it had shredded the bond between him and Castiel it had destroyed the fragile family Sam, his brother, and the angel had formed.
“Oh, you expect me ta what, just levitate ya out of there?” Rowena crossed her arms over her chest. “You know most spells take time and preparation. It’s not like I carry one for that around in my handbag.”
Sam frowned again. There was something else in the box. It looked like some sort of angel blade, but he wasn’t sure. Not from this distance. “What? You think, Michael’s?”
Castiel turned back to focus on his own chore, reshelving books. Picking up another book, the angels set it on a shelf. He hoped the late Bobby Singer would approve of the new celestially inspired system.
I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone
Dean rubbed a hand at the back of his neck.
Remember,
“Where do you think?” The angel growled swiftly rising in one graceful motion and crossing the kitchen to Dean in a blur. Grabbing a hold of Dean by his arms, he lifted the hunter up and shoved him back into a wall. “And it is Castiel, why is that so hard for you to remember?”
“Gabe….”
The angel wasn’t asking him a question, but he stared at Dean as if demanding some sort of acknowledgment. Dean could practically feel the ozone gathering in the air, a storm ready to be unleashed with one word or the unfurling of shadow wings. Castiel was cloaked in righteous fury readied to be unleashed.
Throw a comment to your writer...(sorry been rewatching The Witcher ;) but yes Kudos and Comments are welcome). Beta'd by Grammarly. Not that's not an ad, but just a disclosure. :)
The witch reached out and placed a calming hand on Gabriel's shoulder.
Once again, there was the flutter of wings. This time Gabriel was really gone.
The hunter had run out of room and out of options. Sam fired, emptying his clip into the god. The bullets passed right through the god and sank deep into the wall behind him.
Castiel looked back at Dean. "Death...was not the original intent, but it was not unwelcome."
Blue arcs of righteous fury blazed in Castiel's eyes. "That was monumentally stupid, Dean! You could have been killed or worse. What if some demon or other monster had found you? It's not as if you do not have other enemies besides the Devil!"
“Right.” Crowly stepped within arm's reach and held out a piece of paper to Sam. “Found this in my pocket after you left. Read it while I get rid of Mrs. Belvedere over there.”
"We did what we could to help the bunker's warding," Sam said to Rowena. "How's-"
There was that word.
Castiel sat and watched. Maybe he shouldn’t, but he couldn’t leave any more than Dean’s body could cease course to elimination.
Crowley shrugged, then turned and began to lead the way. He walked nonchalantly with Sam and Rowena, for the most part following suit.
Ok, would have posted this sooner but went to see Captain Marvel (is it wrong I want a Flerken?). Anyway, this is a long one and high on the angst meter. Please, please, if you enjoy - leave me a trail of
“What is, dear?”
“Pick one. I’ll be back later,” Castiel promised.
This chap is unbetead.
“The..the Mark...the demon wasn’t immune to the Mark of Cain. It was trying to influence the demon to kill me or worse.” Sam gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles were white. “Cas knew this and he...”
“Cas-”
Sam had always been the clever one, good at hitting the books and finding the answers to the hard questions.
Sam twisted his lips into half parody of a smile. He’d faced the devil himself. Her little pistol was supposed to scare him? “Put the gun down.”
Dean’s heart raced a little faster at the thought of all the memories and feelings he repressed coming out to haunt him.
The hunter licked his dry lips and opened his eyes. He was staring at the stained roof in the front room. Groaning, he sat up. Castiel must have left him sleeping on the couch all night. He glanced around, looking for the angel.
Then the hunter spoke. It was the demon all over again teasing the angel, twisting Dean’s concern and compassion into a weapon that had carved into Castiel deeper than an angel blade.
“Samuel Winchester!” Rowena yelled again, this time her voice crying out right above him. “Answer me!”
“Okay, so no booze, but there’s gotta be some coffee.” He pushed away from the desk, grabbed two of the books, and headed for the kitchen. He had to keep busy. He had to keep researching.
“Who’s Bobby?” Rowena asked interrupting Sam’s thoughts.
It wasn’t the words which reached the angel, it was something else. It was as if Dean’s soul was reaching out, trying to grasp hold of some part of Castiel to which it had once been tethered.
“Don’t listen to him, Cas.” Dean rolled back up to his knees. “This is not your fault! Do you hear-”
"Clearly, we need a plan...but we have an angel."
If anyone knew the weight of taking out one’s pain and abuse on another, it was Dean.
shows imagination.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Going for a refill.” Dean held up his empty bottle and shook it at his brother.
Dean shook his head. “You were jacked up with the Leviathans inside of you.”
"The coffee's bad, Cas," Dean asserted. "I mean
The house was even fully stocked. There was a three months supply of MRE’s in the pantry, a freezer full of microwaveable meals and frozen pizzas, and a refrigerator full of cold meats, condiments, and other necessities.
“I am sooo, disappointed in you boy,” a terrifyingly familiar voice sneered as Dean was yanked up off the floor and flung through the air. “I think it’s time to remind you where you belong.”
Sam stopped. He turned and stared at her. “What make-”
Dew soaked sod squelched under the Impala’s tires as Sam eased the car to a stop. They had arrived. Sam opened the driver’s door. As usual, it squeaked, the sound booming through the still early morning air rolling over the overgrowth and the charred ruins of Bobby’s house.
Dean stared silently at the angel for a moment, then shook his head. “I…I don’t understand, Cas.”
Suddenly, Rowena let out a cry. A demon attacked her from behind. It spun her around while trying to gut her with a blade of its own.
The hunter’s bladder released, soaking his jeans followed by an expulsion of bile as his stomach disgorged. He was insensate to the filth in which he laid and oblivious to everything.
"BOYS!" Rowena barked as Sam leaped up on his one good foot, reaching for his demon blade.
Sam didn’t have to see Rowena’s face to know her one eyebrow was lifted conveying more agitation and impatience that seemed more for fitting for a linebacker in a locker room at halftime than for a petite elegantly dressed woman.
Oblivion had seemed a better choice and the latest Apocalypse had given him the opportunity. Dean had managed to screw that up, like everything else in his life. Sure, he’d saved the world, but not only wasn’t he dead but somehow he’d dragged Cas into his own little personal “paradise” which as far as Dean was concerned was just another corner in hell.
Cas nodded.
Dean would gladly suffer it, except that it wasn’t his misery alone.
And it won't leave me alone
Then he surprised the angel. Instead of resisting, panicking, or evening fighting as Castiel half expected, Dean relaxed.
“Dramamine?” Rowena asked, holding out a small pill toward Sam.
He wanted a drink!
"Samuel. This is Sam Winchester isn't it?" A familiar and unwanted voice asked, oozing southern charm. It was Asmodeus.
"Because the Impala is not a symbol of my debasement," Castiel said flatly. "I look at Baby, and I do not see an instrument the demon used to violate me. Instead, I see the home where you and Sam grew up. I recall memories of long drives where the engine seemed to hum in tune to the songs you loudly sang off-key. I think of the time you fixed my tie."
Gabriel hit the up button on the elevator. It arrived a few minutes later, descending in a cacophony of alarms, groans, and squeaks that were drowned out when the doors opened. Warped muzak blared from inside.
“Amara is the
Suddenly, Sam began sprinting toward the burned-out wreckage. He didn’t want to get his hopes up. He wasn’t sure he even wanted to find another typewritten page. What he wanted was Dean, but if he got another enigmatic hint that his brother was out there somewhere, then Sam couldn’t help but race toward it.
“Neither do you,” Castiel responded.
Castiel blinked and his brow furrowed as if Dean were suddenly speaking in a language the angel didn’t understand.
Bile crept up the back of Dean's throat. It was acidic and sweet-tasting like burnt oranges. He wasn't just afraid of his nightmares. He was terrified and sickened of their effect on him. More often than not, they left his mind in ruins and his body in a twisted fire of need and revulsion. He hated himself for it. Worse, he loathed what it might do to Cas to witness it.
It had to be. Sam rose to his feet, pulling his gun out pointing it in the vague direction of the invisible beast. He didn’t really want to take the shot. There was a high probability he’d hit the woman and even a higher one it would have no effect on the hound other than to piss it off.
Fear and want were battling under Dean’s skin where the angel touched him.  “No, this isn’t what I wanted.”
“What?” Crowley answered.
"You call that help?" Sam snapped back.
“Me?” Sam looked at Rowena in confusion.
The angel heard Dean’s prayer. Now was not the time for Castiel to relay his experiences with the hunter. Nor, was it appropriate for the angel to request any further conversation of importance from Dean to do so would be cruel. This process was not about doing more harm, but allowing for the potential of mending.
The hunter hung limp and loose. Everything hurt. Still, he managed to keep his head up and remain looking at Castiel. Dean somehow forced a small grin. It was a shadow of the familiar one he used to flash so carefreely and easy at Cas and only Cas.
Dean froze at Castiel’s abrupt entrance. His gaze locked on to the angel’s. His body tensed as if it didn’t know whether to fight, flee, or remain perfectly still. Then slowly, his hand shaking slightly, he lowered the mug and set it on the table. “Cas...tiel?”
“Sir...Dad,” Dean started to explain, tears forming in his eyes. “I-”
. The realization caused something inside the angel to twist and turn, uncoil. A tension that seemed to be holding pieces of him together eased leaving an almost euphoric excitation behind. He straightened to his full height and took a step back.
The angel grabbed his arm and helped him.
“Bye, Sam.” The god raised his foot to deliver another kick to Sam’s face when suddenly he paused. He gave Sam a strange look. “Well, isn’t that a surprise?”
Yet, it was Cas and in the end, it had almost worked. Lucifer
The hunter sighed. He nodded and pulled his gun from under his shirt at the small of his back. He chambered a round and rolled his shoulders before pointing the gun at the doors.
“Look...Rowena, I’m-”
I will be honest, it took me a bit to get back in the flow. I knew exactly how I wanted the chapter to begin and what I wanted to cover but finding my path from point A to B to C (etc) can be a bit challenging when I've been away so long.
Staring at the far horizon, Castiel watched the sunset. He studied the firmament as it changed from blue to pale pink, then to a ruddy orange before fading into deep a black hued with purple.  Stars spread and cluttered the night sky like shards of broken glass.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  “Okay, obviously you are not going to stop this...interrogation until you get some answers. I’m not satisfying your prurient curiosity by giving you the details so here’s the summary which is the only version of the story you are going to get.”
Once again, Dean hung his head, his tears falling without sound. Silence and loss filled the space between the hunter and the angel.
“If I am to fall again, it will not be without contemplation,” he said. Rebelling against heaven had not been a whim. He would not cosign himself to further corruption with any less deliberation.
Dean shook his head, aggravating his pounding headache, hoping the pain would blot the onslaught of memories. It was no use. He still remembered the first time he raped Cas.
The hunter looked away for a moment and took stock of their situation. He was being held against the wall by Castiel, and while Dean was strong, he was alone and one on one. He was no match against the angel. He glanced back at Castiel.
“Uhm, Cas, how long till sunrise?” Dean asked, still looking out ahead.
Comments and Kudos are much appreciated. I loved the reception to "Team Free Wheeling"
The hunter stared at the space for several moments where the god had been. He was reassuring himself that Loki was really gone while recovering enough to be able to get to his feet.
“No, I’m just a realist.” Dean quickly stepped to the side and out and away from the unseen barrier. He was tired of being cornered and trapped by the angel. “You say you want to go down this path, but I don’t think you know what you really want.”
“NO!” the Winchester brother suddenly yelled.
Sam could feel the weight of Crowley's and Rowena's stare on him. They were expecting him to fill in the blanks. However, the Winchester was still trying to get his brain to work after the display of power he just witnessed.
For a moment, Castiel’s vision splintered. It was Dean standing in front of him, aching, vulnerable, and admitting to feelings the angel never let himself really believe could be real. Yet, the demon also stood before him. Its black eyes bore into Castiel, its mouth tilted into a grin, taunting the angel with its victory.
“No…no…no,” Loki said. “Our payback was of a slightly more personal nature. The death of my father, Odin.”
Grunting, he tried to stand, but an unseen force held him pinned to the wall.
The Winchester had learned all too well how quick Castiel was to anger which usually led to violence or worse. It wasn't like he'd forgotten what the angel had done to him last time they were in the kitchen together. Dean knew they had a deal to avoid those situations, to keep Castiel from hurting the hunter in anger.
Castiel had tried to leave Dean behind. If he wanted to martyr himself, again, who was Cas to stop him.
“You would think,” Crowley replied.
"Yeah, of course. You went to Monte Carlo with a bunch of...porn stars." It was Sam's turn to sigh. What had the archangel gotten into?
Castiel did not know for sure, but he strongly suspected it was the case. He could confirm for himself. He didn’t even need Dean’s permission.
He wasn’t sure if Chuck was weak enough he could actually kill him, but if Chuck said one more word, Dean would try. It wouldn’t be the first time he had offed a god.
“Rowena!” Sam barked charging toward the two intruders deciding on the Winchester strategy of leap first and figure out the rest later. “Why are you here?”
Whatever it was, Dean was confident he'd rather face it in his jeans and t-shirt rather than his sleep pants. Moving with an ease he hadn't felt in months, he quickly did his morning ablutions and got dressed. Then with a determination he wasn't sure he really felt, he went downstairs and headed for the kitchen.
Sam gave the angel another side glance.
"So what, you want to track down Lucifer and ask him to kindly find Cas and your brother?" Crowley arched an eyebrow. "Is that before or after he reclaims his perfect vessel?"
The angel stepped into the hunter's personal space. "So, as I said, I would much rather walk away now that I know what you dream about."
Leaning on the counter, he took a moment to take a breath. Dean had faced fear before. Living the life of a hunter, fear and death were old road trip buddies. This was different. Dean wasn’t just afraid of what Castiel would do to him, the hunter was afraid of what this all might do to the angel.
Then suddenly, the hunter felt the angel's presence again and glanced up from his seat. He shrunk down back as much as his tall frame allowed.
“You do not get to define me,” the angel growled pressing into Dean, smashing their bodies together.
The angel disappeared, flying to the furthest edge of their world as he could go, but not far enough that he couldn’t hear Dean crying out for him body and soul.
Castiel had no regrets. There was still much to discuss between them, even more, to overcome. The angel had no illusions any of it would be easy nor was he confident of how to proceed.
The hunter hissed.
Sam flushed, focusing back on the road fighting back a creeping sense of guilt even though he had nothing to feel sorry about. He was the one in mourning. Rowena was the one who had invited herself on this trip, meddling in his affairs.
"No judgment here, mother," Crowley said with a slight shrug of his shoulders and a widening grin. "Just didn't think you were Moose's type."
“Sam Winchester, I swear if you do’na answer me I will turn you into a toa-!”
"Is it always like that?"
“No!” Castiel pounded his fists against the magical barriers causing them to flash. He would not let the demon have this final victory. “Dean!”
Sam nodded and slid the page over to her before picking up the remaining unread one. He took a deep breath before unfolding and reading it.
am in control.” With another final shake, Castiel released him. "And it's Castiel."
Cas? What’s different? What I did was personal. There’s no coming back from that.”
There were too many questions and no real answers. So Castiel did the only thing he could do. He clung to the things which gave him hope.
He sagged back against the bookshelf. He’d thought about biting a bullet, but he couldn’t find his gun. His memory was a bit hazy on all the details when he’d first arrived, but he was pretty sure he’d had his colt. However, he’d searched the place and couldn’t find it anywhere.
The angel started making inarticulate shouts while Asmodeus turned to follow. He sauntered away a few steps. However, the Prince paused, turning to face Team Free Wheeling once again.
“Demons lie,” Dean growled focusing on the now. Yes, the demon had used all of Dean’s hidden feelings and longings against Castiel, but it had twisted and weaponized them in both word and action.
The angel abandoned Dean’s mouth to trail a series of kisses down the hunter’s throat.
He wasn’t sure if the bodyguards were human. He hoped they weren’t but human or not they meant to kill him. Without Dean for backup, he was on his own. Gabriel was too caught up in his quest for vengeance to be reliable, so Sam did what he had to do to stay alive.
He panicked, causing his heart to beat faster. Was this Castiel? Had the angel returned to punish Dean with a new kind of torture? He tried to call out, but all that escaped was a broken moan as his body twisted and cramped of its own volition.
“C..Cas, hey, it’s o..okay, I got you
The demon had raped and tortured Castiel. Every touch, blow, and intimate invasion had been made with Dean’s body. Just as it had weaponized the hunter’s thoughts and feelings to break the angel, the demon was destroying Dean with the memories of what it had done even after it was gone.
Yet, here, in this place this…
“It’s just me, Cas,” Dean breathed out in an exhausted whisper.
The mysterious Toni Bevell let out another high-pitched scream. Her arm jerked out to the side and she began sliding across the floor kicking and flailing. A smear of blood followed her as she was hauled away from Sam as if she were being dragged by an animal.
Dean shook his head and stood up. He walked over to the window and looked out at the Dakota morning. "Sometimes, I dream about the garage or Sammy's cell. I dream about...the time I...it...when...my room."
“I know,” Dean replied still holding out his hand to the angel. “Believe me bud, I know.”
There was a pause, and they breathed in each other’s breath.
Even after Dean had finished raping the angel, the humiliation had continued.
Then the hunter deepened the kiss, and Castiel groaned.
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Sam, you aren't going ta find the answers you need in any of these books."
He did. Sam nodded, risking a glance toward her. He answered slowly, “Yes.”
"Dean," Castiel began refocusing the discourse. "I deduce then from your answer that you attempted to wreck Baby because the car is a representation of that...my violation. You see it as...defiled."
Dean jerked awake, Cas’s name dangerously close to escaping his lips He hadn’t the right to speak the angel’s name, not even in his sleep. He sat up, pinching his fingers across his eyes to clear try and clear them. He looked around the table at the center of the bunker. The loser’s club was still present, Chuck, Sammy, Crowley, and Rowena. He blinked. There was someone else.
Watching an instrument, a symbol of his violation should have brought some sense of satisfaction to Castiel. However, it had the opposite effect. Each strike was obliterating, ruining a sacred object. The Impala had been Sam and Dean’s home. It had been a sanctuary.
The angel had flexed his wings and whisked himself to the edge of the universe. Given the size of the dimension where he now dwelt, it was not far.  Still, it was away from Bobby’s safe room.
“Dean.” The angel didn’t speak his name in greeting. It was a command.
Castiel took a seat in the vacated chair and watched as Dean scuffled slowly around the kitchen grabbing what was needed to finish making breakfast. The angel crossed his ankles and relaxed, sinking deeper into the power of the dark rapture uncoiling inside him.
Castiel suddenly moved, grasping Dean by his jacket and lifting him onto his toes. His eyes darting around, examing Dean as if looking for traces of the weapon.
He stared back at her, completely lost and more than a little afraid. What could The Darkness do for him? Did he want it? Couldn’t his story just be done?
“He doesn’t, but killing him is a waste of your time and energy,” Billie said, her voice as calm and cool as one would expect from a reaper.
“Cas-”
The angel froze. He suddenly wanted to be as far from the panic room as this pocket dimension would allow, but he couldn’t move. Air he didn’t need was sucked from his lungs, and his limbs seem to have locked against his will.
were not the demon than any more than you are it now. We both have a long way to go before we are reconciled with that fact...before we can move on from what was done...but we will.”
Intention and grace flowed through Castiel. Reaching out, he melded bone together healing it as if the cracks had never been.
Sam ground his teeth for a moment. “Fine. Sorry. Thank you for your help, Crowley.”
“Talk?” The Winchester brother paled as he said the word.
him and always the demon delivered what he promised. Dean felt something different than pain, it felt good, and he would cum.
“This is not about intentionally inflicting hurt.” The angel’s voice was still gentle but it was also firm.
He turned, facing away from the angel. Dean wiped a hand down his cheek. He took a stuttering breath and gave the smallest shake to his head as if it was a futile last chance at denial.
Tenderly, the angel laid Dean across his lap.
It would take time, both because his vessel was so badly damaged and because his grace would need to replenish itself. He had needlessly expended it in his futile flight. All he could do was lie there and think. Once again he was trapped, this time with his thoughts and memories. Yet, there was clarity in his pain.
“...know that I am fully restored.” Castiel’s voice boomed in the room like thunder focusing Dean’s attention on the angel’s words and not his wings. “I am a Seraph again. A soldier of Heaven. Do not test me.”
"Dean, you looked exhausted, and after all that was discussed last night, I surmised there was a high probability it would trigger your dreams of hell-"
Sam couldn’t help the bitter thought. Dean had sacrificed himself to save all of Chuck’s creation. The older Winchester had saved everyone
I took the weapon that
The words rang clear in Dean’s mind.
“Dean?” Castiel said tentatively, “are you-”
Dean blinked at Castiel. He rubbed at the back of his neck a moment and opened his mouth as if to ask a question. Then the color suddenly drained from his face. He swallowed and his chest heaved, as if breathing were a struggle.
There must have been things to scarring for nightmares. Castiel had stood outside the panic room and watched as Dean had writhed on the floor, muttering and crying.  At one point he’d screamed, his body twisting and hands flailing as if trying to push someone away, “Get off me!”
choice, not his Father’s and least of all the hunter’s.
"He's locked himself away in his head," Sam sighed. He ached in his soul, remembering what that was like.
So note, I did pretty much take verbatim what Cas's dialogue from the "Enochian reading" scene from 13.8 Episode - Bring 'em Back Alive. However, I gave it to Crowley.
Briefly, Castiel stood as if he'd become just one more marble statue, cold and unmoving. Then suddenly, before Dean even had a chance to duck or recoil, he grabbed the back of the hunter's neck. However, his hold was surprisingly slight, as if it was there to steady or gentle Dean.
Castiel was going to prove it wrong.
“I’m not here to entertain you. I didn’t ask you to come along,” Sam said.
He pushed back against them, stuffing them back into the box of things he never talked about.
Even telling a condensed version of what happened was harder than Sam had thought it would be. The words didn’t come easily, and his whole body seemed to vibrate with tension.
“What did Alistair offer you, Dean?” Castiel asked, his face once again caught somewhere between anguish and sympathy.
shed some more light on the situation."
“You need somewhere secure to hide,” Sam snorted then reached over them both to grab the two pieces of paper in questions.
Sam’s face was twisted into worry as he glanced from his brother to Chuck. When his gaze settled back on Dean, his eyes were filled with not only concern but a terrible weight. Dean recognized the pain, it was resigned loss. “It’s time. Rowena’s finished the spell. The soul bomb is ready.”
He was also clean and well-rested. He’d obviously been asleep, but for the first time in months, maybe years, he couldn’t remember dreaming.  It almost seemed like an obscenity. He’d gone to the basement to suffer and die, to give Castiel some justice but apparently all it had done was given Dean a literal new lease on life.
However, even before that, Sam had clung to the fact the angel had at least kept in touch with him was proof that Cas hadn’t totally abandoned the Winchesters. Since saving Dean, Cas had called Sam. The contact had been infrequent at first, but over time it had grown. Together they’d helped each other. Sam had aided Cas with his search for his grace and the angel had done what he could to assist with Sam’s quest to free Dean from the Mark. Castiel had also been there for Sam for the consequences as well.
All of it was exactly how Dean remembered from books to weapons, and even the clothes he’d left stashed in a duffle upstairs.
Wake me up inside
(note for author: Review with Grammarly)
Sam hoped he was at peace and that Billie had ended taken him beyond Heaven or Hell. His brother had never recovered from what happened when he’d been a demon. He could barely look at Sam and when he did, it was only after he’d been drinking heavier than normal. Then Dean would look at him with such unfathomable pain and self-loathing that Sam feared on more than one occasion his brother was a danger to himself.
“What the hell?” Where was he? He looked around and picked up Bobby’s old radio and flipped it on. There was only static.
The angel held up his hand halting Dean. “
Despite the agony, Sam tried to focus on what was happening with Gabriel. The demons had dragged him up to the top of the stairs. They were now on the first floor. He hung between them behind the railing next to the exit.
unbetaed
“Hiya, Cas.” Dean somehow got the words out.
He didn’t know, but he couldn’t deny he welcomed it. All of his life, he’d had his big brother looking out for him. He’d had someone who worried about him and whose overprotection he could chafe against.  It had been a long time since Sam had felt that sense of being watched out for and he’d missed it.
“Rules?” There was an edge in Castiel’s voice fueled by suspicion and in part by the hopelessness. Was this some ploy on Dean’s part to wrest control from him? Pattern or no, Castiel wouldn’t give up dominion. He couldn’t. With a shake of his head, Castiel grasped Dean’s forearm and pulled the Winchester to his feet. “And what does that mean?”
So full disclosure...I was not expecting these Sabriel elements to slip into the story. I've never really been a Sabriel person before. Not that I have anything against it, just never had an urge to write anything in that direction. Sneaky characters! My muse is cackling with the ideas.
Cool air rushed over his body, and Dean realized he had somehow been stripped bare. Despite being nude, he broke out in a sweat as terror-fueled adrenaline flooded his system.
Tears glistened in Dean's eyes. "You died, and the sun burned out. Amara didn't take away the light of creation when she struck Chuck. She did it when she killed
"Here," Cas said, standing just to the side. He held a mug out to Dean. "I made you coffee."
Also, when I saw the episode where Gabriel was rescued there were a couple of things that I kept thinking "why didn't Sam do?" Like A) Try and clean up our poor archangel and B) try offering some sweets. We know how much he loves candy. So, I'm enjoying my chance to play with cannon a bit here. Hope no one minds.
He wanted to be sick. Dean wanted to throw up. Talking about it, remembering, he could almost feel it all over again—Alistair’s hands all over him. Alistair
“Well, he did leave those little clues...messages...whatever they are with Fergus and me when he could have easily have just left them with you in the first place. Doesn’t that indicate that perhaps it might be...oh I don’t know...His will-”
“But you have one for turning people into toads?” The question slipped out before Sam could think if it was a wise question to ask.
"Castiel?" Dean asked, his voice soft with quiet entreaty.
Team Free Wheeling - hope that name passes muster
“I perceive that the demon wished to violate me, but why Baby? Aside from the forced act of fellatio in the cell with Sam, the first time the demon raped me was over Baby. Why?”
Whatever the answers were to how and why he was alive, they still added up to one thing, he had failed Cas.
“Assuming the world didn't end, and— Yay.” This Toni woman sounded bored.
“CAS!” Dean fell, reaching for the angel, the cramps spreading through his body. “Don’t lis...listen to him. Look a...look at me buddy-”
Sam stared at the document for a moment. It was plain-type paper, but there was something familiar about it.  It reminded him of something he’d seen before.
"By doing just what we have been doing, learning how. "The angel paused a moment then asked, "Do you mind if I try an experiment?"
He began to rise, readying to flee to the other side of their small universe.
The hunter’s breaths were coming in pants now. He ached, but it was a different sort of pain then before. Dean was so hard now it hurt.
He felt shaky, weak, and scared. How much more could he take? Would Castiel go so far as to kill him?
“Fuck me, please. Shove..drill...shake the stick loose from my ass with your cock. I want you to. I’m asking you to,” Castiel answered, “I’m begging you to.”
A shudder tore through Sam as he paled for a moment. His chest tightened as he pushed back memories of his time in the cage. He didn't think about the things Lucifer had done to him or what he'd made Sam do-
tried to play for Team Free Will.
There was a sudden cracking sound and then a “whoosh.” Sam let out a startled yell as the world exploded into ash and wood splinters as he fell through the floor.
Dean and the demon had become one. They both needed to be punished and Castiel had so nearly done it. He’d played and toyed with Dean the same way the demon had with him. Castiel had put his hands on Dean, touching him and preparing to violate him.
Dean had begun to retch, but there had been anything left in his system to expel. However, that hadn’t stopped his body. It still hadn’t.
Exhaustion? Fear?
Gabriel's eyebrows shot up. "Short jokes are on the table now. Upping your game, Sambo."
“Yeah, you do” Dean answered softly. He still hadn’t moved. “But I can’t hurt you, Cas. You have all the power here and that’s why when you are scared...angry, you need to tell me.”
The angel had no insight into his own motives for needing Dean to answer the query. Castiel certainly had not intended to provoke his own unstable psyche. However, he could not deny the effusion of conflicting emotions raging through him as Dean spoke.
Bring Me to Life
It was a blinding display, forcing Dean to turn away. When it was gone, he blinked. It was dark, not because the sun was gone, but because it had gone down. It was night, late night he guessed.
“You are good at it,” Dean broke the silence again.
"They were porn stars, Sam," Gabriel said, focusing his gaze on the hunter. He arched an eyebrow, and his eyes suddenly lit blue with the light of heavenly grace.
Sam's headache receded under the onslaught of apprehension and dizzying questions he couldn't even begin to answer. What was a pocket dimension? What had Cas meant? Where was it, and most importantly, how did he get his brother and the angel back?
The hunter licked his lips a bit nervously. "Look, you don't owe me anything. You can tell me to shove it. I'm not judging. I...I just...why Luci, Cas? Why did you say, 'yes'?"
The hunter turned back to look at the angel, to wait for his answer, but Cas was silent. He just stared at Dean as if the angel was trapped in his own nightmares and yet wanted to reach out and ease Dean’s.
Gabriel effortlessly swatted it aside.
Now, he’d spent months avoiding the car. He could remember the last time he’d driven her, but he didn’t want to. Instead, he’d done everything he could to avoid her. He’d moved her out of the bunker’s garage and parked her in an abandoned barn nearby.
Sam could swear he could hear the angel waggling his eyebrows. The hunter sighed. He really didn’t have a second step past regrouping, but he had to say something, or it was going to be a long ride back to Kansas.
Dean’s shoulders sagged a little as if some tension were easing him in as well. He licked his bottom and gave a half-smile, one that was more of entreaty than joy or mirth. “But, Cas, I’m going to need something too.”
“NO!” Dean screamed. “Don’t! Don’t make me do this! Don-”
Castiel went from placid to provoked. He slammed the book closed he'd been holding and fixed his ire-filled gazed onto Dean.
"Why?"
“He...he was like another father to Dean and I. What our Dad didn’t teach us about hunting, Bobby did. But more than that...he..”
All that was left was the ba-
"Gabriel, please," Sam begged. "It's Cas. It's Dean."
“Thirty years, Cas,” Dean said without meeting the angel’s eyes. “It was thirty years before I broke. I told myself it was the pain and the torture and all the sick ways Alistair tore me apart and put me back together again just to start all over that finally did it, that I drove me to say ‘yes.’ I stuck to that story,  hell I clung to it and buried everything else so much denial I almost believed it myself…”
For a while, his study of the heavens had been enough to distract Castiel as he had immersed himself in the contemplation of the gloaming. The diversion hadn’t lasted. Slowly he became aware of a pleading sensation that pushed against his consciousness like a trickle of water against stone. It was faint, soft, but steady and slowly eroding through his mind until he recognized what it was, prayer.
A brief, curt nod was Sam’s only answer.
“Geesh, I thought Samantha was the whiner,” a voice suddenly snapped.
"A spell won't work," the demon cut the Winchester brother off. "Even if you found one, you'd still have the same problem. You'd need something potent enough to power it."
"I'm sorr-"
"Well, obviously. Roasting Asmodeus was satisfying for a hot minute. But you know one thing better than killing him? Going old school like and slaughtering them all."
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean shouted. It was panic and not anger in his voice. “Don’t.”
“Yer letters, dear?” She said, pointing to two sheets of paper on the table. “You do remember, or did I put too much nightshade in that powder? Are you having memory problems? A bit of amnesia maybe?”
They were wild, filled with fear and denial and they were focused on Castiel. The angel stared at Dean. He was trying to make sense of what he was witnessing. At first, he’d thought Dean was relieving the horrors of hell. He’d called out Alistair’s name.
In the end, Gadreel had brought Castiel back and Cas had done what Dean couldn’t do, forgive him.
Dean smiled. “I missed you.”
anymore, and most importantly, I didn’t want his hands on me or hear that song ever again. So I took the deal Cas. I picked up the knife, and every time I cut into someone, I was trying to cut out his touch,  exorcise my memories through their pain.”
Something tight within the angel uncoiled, and he returned the smile. He wanted Dean. He did, but there was something in the hunter’s eyes as if he too were haunted by memories. Castiel knew this wasn’t the time, even if he wanted to, and despite his erection, he really didn’t want to. Things were still too raw.
He gathered a few handfuls of the cool water using it to splash the sweat from his face. Then he collected a few more handfuls to take a drink, easing a dryness at the back of his throat that did little to quench his real thirst. Grimacing, he turned the water off then leaned over the sink reaching for a towel hanging off the rack.
“Yes, it will take work. Time and effort.” Castiel held out his hands and looked around him. “I believe though we have been given plenty of the former to provide for the later.”
Dean didn't hear the rest. The words were like spikes pounding in his ears, and his gut is twisted. He barely made it to the sink before upchucking the juice right back up, creating a splotchy mess in the sink.
So, yes more of the modified Unfinished Business episode.  Gabriel and Sam are a nice counterbalance to the Dean and Castiel angst.
“NO!” Dean turned away from the car grabbing at his head as if he could pull the images from his brain. “No! Please...please...no!”
Sam had lost count of how many times he’d made that vow.
“To parlay,” Loki continued when Sam didn’t answer his question. “He was there to deal with Gabriel’s brothers.”
The angel was still standing there patiently waiting for him.
He froze as the corner of something pristine and white was suddenly illuminated by his phone. He swallowed a terrifying excitement rushing through him. Was it one of Chuck’s pages? Sam inched forward, his small field of brightness moving with him until it revealed a folded-up piece of paper lying untouched by the destruction around it.
“Well, you can play that way on your turn. On mine, we’ll play this way. Now answer the question.”
The last time Castiel had been trapped, locked away with Dean, the angel had been coerced and manipulated into agreeing to debase himself.
Castiel reacted without thinking, grabbing Dean’s upper arms and shoving him up against the house. The need to hurt Dean coursed through the angel. He gripped Dean’s arms tighter, bruising them as he fought back the baser instincts vying for control.
Wake me up inside
It was the instinct screaming through him, but there was nowhere to run. Amara had seen to that with her pocket dimension.
The angel waggled his head a bit and then said, "Okay, so they are not really demigods. The Norse pantheon is its own weird thing. Think of them more like god-begotten monsters."
"But look, you're low on grace, and Loki knows you're coming," Sam said, walking toward the angel. "I'll help."
“Yeah, I owe you, but I’m not going to sit back and watch you go Va-”
A small feeling of guilt snuck past the angel’s anger as realization set in. When he’d confronted Dean earlier, Castiel had slammed into the wall. He was responsible.
“Don’t what?” Castiel asked, ire in his voice as he closed the distance and stepped into Dean’s personal space. They stood, inches apart. “Do not force you to talk about repressed feelings? Ones the demon took maximum advantage of to do preeminent damage?”
Sam frowned in mild annoyance. He wasn’t here to play games. “And you are the trickster god who sold Gabriel out.”
Lying on the floor inside the room was Dean. He was curled on his side as if trying to avoid unseen blows. He was pale and his shirt clung to his skin, wet with perspiration. There was a large bruising bump forming on his forehead. He let out another moan.
“Oh,” Dean said as if his own prayers were news to him. “Sorry. I uh...I’ll try not to do that again.”
“Dig in.” Once again Castiel regurgitated the demon’s words back to Dean.
The demon stilled for a moment.
"Why are you here?" Sam snapped at Crowley, not liking Gabriel's reaction to him.
"Oh, Winchester versus Metatron," Crowley chuckled. "That's always going spectacularly well. Tell you what, I'll buy you the strawberry flavored lube for when he screws you over
He turned around and leaned against the table his body shuddering as he took a deep breath fighting back the emotions that threatened to overwhelm him.
“I…” How could he answer that question? What was Castiel really asking him? There was so much Dean had to answer for, and he’d thought his chance had passed. Yet, Castiel was here and alive!
"Focus, please!" The hunter once again urged.
"What do you need, Cas?" Whatever it was, Dean would give it without question or hesitation.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. This wasn’t going to work. There was too much broken between them, but if this was what Castiel believed he needed, then the Winchester would try. He owed him that and more. He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly before lowering his hand and looking back at Cas. The angel’s eyes were still radiating grace.
Dean met him halfway, and they stood there, their foreheads bent together.
There was a pause, and then Castiel heard Dean laughing under his breath, “Yeah, of course, it is, Cas. Of course, it is.”
was Dean. The kiss wasn’t demanding or dominating, but it was overwhelming. It was tentative with the hunter’s doubts and yet hungry with Dean’s need to be loved.
Living with the memories and guilt was hard. He’d failed Dean. Castiel had let the demon violate and debase him. He’d given into the demon and Dean hated him for it.
This was wrong on many levels. He was supposed to be dead, lost to nothingness. What happened? Had there been no reapers to take him? Had Chuck or Amara made a surprise appearance?
“Look, Gabriel, are you sure about this?” Sam asked.
“You see me holding him down?” The demon asked holding its hands out to the side palms up and flashing Dean a cocky grin. “Cas is ass in the air and spread open wide by choice. He
“Yeah,” Sam said turning to answer her. He took a deep breath and wiped the tears that were freely flowing down his cheeks. “Uh...me too.”
Castiel’s grace flared, and his wings opened up behind him. Light bulbs sparked and shattered.
Lifting his head, Castiel looked across the panic room and stared at Dean. It had never occurred to the angel-
Castiel's arms fell to his side, and the shine left his eyes. "What...did-"
” The taunt was familiar and heralded pain and degradation.
He blurted out the first thing that came to mind, and in retrospect, he knew he would regret it. “Stud muffin? In Macedonian? Really, what’s the deal with that?”
Something scratched the back of Dean's throat, and he started to cough. He looked down into the mug and saw dark specks floating on the surface of the liquid inside. Nope, the grounds had definitely touched the water. They were still floating in it. He looked at Cas. "You did use a filter, didn't you?"
“Well, I was dead, Dean. At peace in the Void.”
Carnem et ossa fingunt est in statuam salis - Flesh and bones mold into a pillar of salt
Dean flinched but didn’t withdraw or object. He remained seated and passive staring at Castiel.
Only you are my life
Sam was a little leery of opening Gabriel's door. He wasn't sure he could take seeing the archangel broken and crouched in the corner again. Maybe it reminded him too much of what the demon version of Dean had to Castiel. On the other hand, it could also be that Sam didn't want to believe that a being that was such a dynamic and untameable force could be so crippled.
Crowley fixed his eyes on her. He narrowed his brows briefly as if he were trying to understand some silent communication. Then he looked back at Sam. "In any case, I found it in Dean's room. It stood to reason that if there was one in his room, there might be one in yours."
"Can't really think of any," Dean answered.
“After that I tweaked the deal, requiring just a little bit more from you with each chance at a respite, and each time you agreed. Willing to pay the ever steepening price just to stop the pain for a little while until you gave me
Suddenly Castiel could feel the heat of Dean’s skin against his fingers and he could smell the hunter’s sweat. The sound of Dean's sobs rang in the angel's ears.  These new memories burned into him, ones, where he had all the power and Dean, was his to use.
Something in Castiel’s being ached. It was deeper than any of the other wounds he’d suffered from the demon. It was jagged and uneven, like the edges of a broken bone.
The words slammed through Dean’s mind and nearly sent him to his knees.
Castiel had hurt Dean again and healing him afterward didn’t make it better, in many ways it made it worse. The angel had walked among humanity long enough to know abuse had a pattern. The demon had won after all.
Loki casually strolled toward Sam, closing the short distance between them. “I almost wish I could see the look on his face when he realizes you aren’t around anymore.”
He shifted his weight, angling his body to the side and propping himself on his elbow. He was in bed. More specifically, he was in the bedroom he used at Bobby’s. Slowly he peeled the bed covers away and sat up. He glanced at his legs and chest and frowned. He was dressed in clean sleep pants and a white t-shirt.
He cocked his head out her, frowned, and waved his hand, declining the offer.
“Which would you?” Dean slammed his fists on the counter.
"Hey, Cas," Dean called as he came back into the room. There was a long pause.
“Yeah, well bang up job on that,” Dean said popping the cap off his beer before taking a swig.
Instead, he held out the paper he'd just finished reading and looked at Crowley. "Where did you find this one?"
Dean's Stomach clenched, and the air rushed out of his lungs. Unwillingly his gaze met Castiel's. The pain, anger, and humiliation blazing cold enough to burn the world was something the hunter couldn't flinch or hide from.
In those moments, it was so easy for Castiel to wield his new authority over the hunter to do anything the angel needed to help him feel “safe.” It did not matter that not only did Dean not have any desire to hurt Castiel, but he also had no means.
“Oh yeah, that’s right, I’m just a character in one of your stories. Well, guess what? I’m done. Write me out of the plot.”
Sam frowned. Considering he'd been Lucifer's vessel, that wasn't something he was likely to forget. "I remember."
Were those the desperate words of the demon trying to save itself? Castiel had to wonder. Certainly, the demon knew enough about the psychology of torture and the cycle of abuse. Yet, it seemed as if Dean was trying to convey something more in the way he had said them, screamed them at Castiel. There had been something almost familiar in Dean's cry, like the phantom ache of an amputated limb.
Okay all, we are living in strange times. I'm lucky enough to be able to work from home but have been pretty anxious. So I've buried myself in video games (and I'm NOT a video gamer). Anyway, starting to go a little stir crazy with just me and the cats. I need to reclaim some sense of normalcy, so here is the next chapter.
“C..Cas,” Dean tried again. “Cas. It’s me, buddy. It’s me D..Dean. I’m here, Cas. I’m right h..here. It’s just me. Me and you.”
“Where you going?” Sam asked.
"Well, it bloody well be if ya take a tumble down these stairs." The witch tightened her hold on Sam. It was as if it was her will giving her the needed strength to hold on to the tall hunter rather than her slender muscles.
Dean’s eyes snapped open. His heart was pounding at the same rate as the jackhammer in his head. He tried to roll over, but it was as if every muscle in his body had locked into place.
“Who?” asked Rowena.
The older Winchester stepped around the desk and started to put books away. If he couldn’t read them, at least he could reshelve them. He fought back the sob building at the back of his throat. Sam had to believe he was dead. They had said their goodbyes and as far as his brother was concerned, Dean had died to bring back the sun and save creation.
He looked like shit though. The eyes staring back at him were green, not black, but under them were dark-purplish half-moons made all the darker looking by the pale pallor of the rest of his skin. A fine sheen of sweat covered him, making a mocking contrast to his chafed and dry lips.
Cum tinged red with blood. The angel remembered how Dean had smeared the mess onto Castiel's tie to further stain him and to make visible to the world the shameful mess that was hidden inside him.
“Considering the sanctuary, you’ve been given and the scotch you’ve been drinking, I think you’ve been amply compensated for this endeavor.” Sam tucked the demon blade under his belt behind his back. He pulled his shirt down to cover it.
Dean’s stomach turned. He bent over the sink and retched, spitting up bile and the little water he’d drank earlier. His sore ribs and bruised muscles protested, triggering another wave of painful spasms. Puking again, he gripped the edge of the sink tight until his knuckles turned white.
Then he felt two slender arms wrap around his shoulders. With surprising strength, they tugged at him until he was embraced in a tight hug with Rowena.
angel to boot.”
“Seriously, Loki is in there,” Sam pointed to the rundown building in front of them with the faded words “Ophidian Hotel” painted on a decrepit wood sign.
“Talked?” The angel spat the question out. “About what?”
It’s a prayer. Dean doesn’t mean it to be, but he’s not worried about it. He knows Cas stopped listening to him a long time ago. Sighing, Dean stepped away from the bookshelf and headed for Bobby’s desk. The old man used to keep a flask in the bottom of the third drawer on the right.
The angel paused as a memory slithered forward.
Eventually, Sam managed to stand and looked around. There was still no sign of the angel. He limped toward the stairway and picked up his gun. Then he went searching for Gabriel.
“That’s it, Dean, you are nearly there.” Castiel’s fingers curled uselessly against the concrete. The hunter was so close, the angel could reach out and grab him if not for the wards. “Just a little further.”
“Well, you could start by watching instead of talking,” Rowena said quietly.
Dean's stomach twisted, and his soul ached. It's what he'd feared. He clenched his fist and held it to his mouth to keep from crying out. He'd broken Castiel so severely he'd chosen a form of oblivion rather than go existing.
Bring me to life
Dean scrutinized the angel again. Just because he knew and understood the angel didn't always mean he could follow Castiel's way of thinking.
Castiel could show Dean what it meant to fall from grace, to lose celestial favor. The hunter would not know which was worse, hell or this pocket dimension with Castiel.
“Maybe not, but we both know this is not who...,” Dean struggled for the words. He couldn’t admit them to himself. How could he say them to Castiel? “You wouldn’t do this if the dem-”
“Where’s Amara? What happened? How did we get here?” Castiel’s fired off his questions, raining them down on Dean like blows.
Anyway, the story moves along.
“I wonder, Dean if it were not for Sam, could you tell the difference between hoodoo powder and potpourri?” the angel asked as he moved toward the hunter.
A familiar water-stained ceiling was above him. It was plaster, not cement. Dean blinked. He took a deep breath, noting carefully how the air filled his lungs easily. He also felt free of pain and nausea.
Dean widened his eyes. He wanted to take a step back, but even if he had the strength to move there was no place for him to go. What was his father asking?
Stumbling back a few steps, Dean pulled down his shirt. He stared at Castiel a long hard moment then ran.
The angel shook his head. “I mean it, Sambo.”
The angel wouldn’t fool himself. Dean would never love Castiel in the way the angel wanted. Even if they could move past what the demon had done, it wouldn’t be enough.
The tremors turned into shudders and Castiel felt his knees give under the sudden rush of fear that swept through him. He didn’t just remember the physical excruciation but the mental anguish as well.
Dean fought the memories that were now like double exposures in his mind. There were images and sensations from what had really had happened in the bunker along with the hallucinations from the panic room.
She held up a finger. “Ah! Still my turn. I’m the one asking questions.”
However, Castiel realized something in watching and listening to Dean, witnessing the painful expunging of his experiences. It was not enough to address what happened to Dean; Castiel must communicate his as well.  Otherwise wise he would be locked into this cycle of bitterness and ordeal, never fulling healing.
For a moment he heard nothing, then suddenly he was cognizant of a muffled noise from underneath the floors. Castiel frowned. It was a muted sound as if buried. Then his eyes flared as understanding rushed through him.
Castiel’s words rang so clear in Dean’s mind he wasn’t sure if the angel hadn’t just spoken them. The hunter glanced around the room, he was alone.
to be part of your reward for yet another Apocalypse averted.”
Sam tossed the bag to her. Then focused back on the angel. “See? It’s really me. C’mon. Let’s get you out of here.”
Dean widened his eyes then shook his head. “Not to sound ungrateful, but sorry, no can do.”
“We are in a pocket dimension,” Castiel stepped forward and interrupted him. He leaned over the desk, once again, invading Dean’s personal space. His eyes flashing, he snarled, “Congratulations, Dean. You saved the world...again...and the cosmic forces of the universe have rewarded you with your own peaceful little world and your
Swirling around slowly took studied the area again. He was surrounded by cars.
Dean's next instinct was to deny. The angel couldn't mean what he said. Their forced intimacy was twisting their emotions around. Once they found a way out, Castiel would see how bad an idea this was.
“Rowena,” Dean barked. “I need a drink. Let me go.”
“And so what are you proposing?” Castiel titled his head slightly to the left.
Pain exploded along Sam’s side, and for a moment, he wondered if he broke a rib. He didn’t have time to worry about it, though. He pushed himself up to his knees and glared. “So you can hit me, but I can’t hit you?”
Castiel watched Dean finish up for the day. The hunter put down his tools, cleaned them if necessary, and headed back for the house. If he followed the pattern he’d set the previous two days, next would be a shower before a light meal. After which, he would take a walk around the perimeter of the property. Returning to the domicile, he would either do research or engage in some other form of distraction until he was too tired to stay awake any longer. Only then would Dean sleep, presumably ready to repeat his behavior the next day.
Once again the angel was crowding Dean, leaning into him, but not touching. “This is not negotiable nor is it up for debate. This doesn’t require your faith, Dean, just your obedience.”
The angel widened his eyes in shock. Dean was letting Castiel make the determination? Did Dean mean it? Suddenly, Castiel found himself so close to Dean he could feel the heat emanating from the hunter’s body. Dean’s breath ghosted over the angel’s cheek as Castiel studied the Winchester.
Sam paused and looked at her.  “Bobby’s pani-”
The demon was gone. Sam had found a way to escape and to cure his brother, but there was one game left to play. The demon had broken Castiel. It had shredded the bond between him and Dean. It had believed there was no coming back from that.
The angel's mouth went suddenly arid as this new understanding seeped deep into his core. He reflexively squeezed the hand holding Dean's shoulder.
The door of the bunker felt as heavy as Sam’s heart and swung as shut behind him a loud bang that echoed loudly through the empty building. He stepped slowly down the stairs, head hung low. He was alone now. It wasn’t that he was just absent the company of Rowena and Crowley, he’d left them back at the bar, but there was no one to come home to now. The bunker was empty.
Dean glanced and the hunched figure at the corner of the table. Chuck, the Almighty, was currently a small bearded man with curly hair huddled in a blanket.
That’s what Dean had said as he’d bottomed out, his cock fully sheathed inside Cas, the angel’s screams still echoing through the garage.  Dean’s whole body had been alive with a salivating need to not only fuck the angel but to ruin him. Words had tumbled from his mouth.
Reaching down, Sam rolled the corpse over. It was Loki and he had a stab wound through the chest. The hunter glanced around, there was still no sign of the angel.
“And so what, Cas?” Dean struck back. He had to make Castiel understand. “How is us having a little kiki about all of this going to change anything? Tell me how having some gab-fest about what it felt like to feel your skin slick with sweat from pain and want or the musky taste of you in my mouth is going to make-”
Sam paused a moment and glared at her. "I can manage." He didn't want Rowena's help. He just wanted answers. He was in pain and inpatient. They'd found another page at the burnt-out remains of Bobby's. Yet, instead of heading straight back to the bunker to do more research for clues on what it meant, the witch had insisted Sam go to the hospital to get his head and ankle looked at.
Castiel couldn’t help but bristle. He belonged to no one!
"Yeah, I do," Sam said softly and earnestly. "Okay."
“Asmodeus,” Crowley repeated. “He’s obviously trying to hold the throne.”
Okay, everyone....here's a new chapter. Apologies for the long delay. So, to be honest with everyone, I am bipolar with an anxiety disorder. Now, I'm extremely blessed in that I have and maintain a good job, have good health insurance to cover my meds, and have the support of great friends. Yet, sometimes I run out of spoons and when that happens something has to give. This past spring through the summer it was my writing as I dealt with other things. Anyway, hope you like.
Breathe into me and make me real
Sam wasn’t sure how long the firefight lasted. It could have been seconds or minutes, but when the room fell silent and the lights came back on, Sleipnir and his bodyguards were dead, and Gabriel was gone.
Dean’s hands shook for a moment before curling in on themselves as if he weren’t sure they were his own. Slowly he backed away and around the chair behind him.
Castiel watched in rapt attention. He wasn’t sure whether to dare to hope or even to speak. However, with his whole being, he silently cried,
“I’m going to kill you!” Dean snarled trying to get to his feet. The cramping pain in his gut doubled him over again, driving him back to his knees.
Groaning, Dean leaned forward and pushed himself back on his feet.
Whatever game Dean was playing, he would regret involving the angel.
Castiel could make their pocket universe a hell dimension and while maybe that’s what Dean deserved, it didn’t mean he welcomed it.  Dean shut the water off. He set the pot down and grabbed the coffee filters.
Sam didn’t know what the demon had done to turn Dean’s love for the car into revulsion. He only knew Dean had mothballed her and refused to talk about it.
The hunter shook his head. The answer was obvious, and yet… Did the angel really want it spelled out for him?
Dean stared at his friend and watched in horror as the demon ran its hand down the angel’s back before resting it on the curve of his butt.
Panic threatened to overwhelm Dean like the memories of other fingers, longer and colder, that had once played across his skin.
“Samuel,” Rowena said firmly interrupting him. “How can you expect to help Dean and Castiel pick up the pieces of their shattered relationship if you are falling apart yerself?”
Castiel focused his attention back on the hunter. He couldn’t see a threat, however, the angel was beginning to believe that whatever was menacing the hunter was in his mind.  “Dean, wake up.”
“Will you quit you’re whining? You sound like Sam.” The demon rolled its eyes before suddenly smiling. “Hey, when I’m finished jerking off Feathers here, let's say we visit Baby Brother?”
Sam paused a moment trying to figure out just how he was going to summarize what had happened in the bunker. Surprisingly, Rowena sat quietly while he thought.
Panic began to rise inside of Dean. He was losing. Castiel was going to fall once again because of him.
“I know,” the Winchester quickly interrupted holding his hands up in surrender. “I just...look, Cas, there are things...there are times when I’m going to need some space. You know? When I reach my limit or when I just need to know there’s an escape route?”
“It’s around here...somewhere,” Sam said bounding into the ruins and stomping around what was left of the house’s foundation. “I just need to find where the door was.”
“Let you what, Cas?” Dean barked his pain, melding to the anger of the desperately wounded. The angel was offering comfort while demanding the hunter open up old wounds and bleed. “Help me? How? Letting me keep this buried that would be helping me, but, you aren’t, are you? You want this pound of flesh.”
The hunter looked at Castiel. "I left, went to a bar three hours away. I gave them Sam's number and a wad of cash to keep the drinks coming until I was out cold."
As they moved through the bunker, blood-red glyphs lit up on the walls. The glowing runes indicated Asmodeus and his minions were close. Sam pulled his demon blade out, and Rowena readied a hex bag. Crowley seemed unarmed, but Sam knew better.
“And what’s that supposed ta mean?”
"No, what did you want to ask? I want to know. Tell me what part of everything that happened was unclear to you?" The angel demanded.
Still, it did not feel acceptable to just stand there silently as Dean tried to return himself to some semblance of peace. There was a time when Castiel would have reached out to the hunter, touched him on the shoulder but the angel could not do that now. Even thinking of touching Dean or being touched by him left Castiel in a panic or a rage.
“‘Allo, Sam, love,” Rowena smiled waving her hand as if shooing away an annoying fly. “Please, yer locks and wards are child’s play. Don’t forget, I’ve read the book of the Damned.”
There was a sharp whistle and suddenly the woman’s arm flopped to the floor. Crowley stepped out from behind one of the bunker’s archways. “Hello, Moose.”
"Boys!" Rowena yelled, rolling her eyes almost to the back of her head. "This is not exactly helpful. Do
For a moment Castiel stood silent stunned by Dean’s torrent of words. They all clashed in his mind as if the hunter had been speaking another language. Still, Castiel had understood what was said he just didn’t discern it, and somehow that made the angel feel exposed and vulnerable. The angel had vowed he'd never feel like that in front of Dean again and the disillusionment of that promise left him angry and defensive.
Dean’s heartbeat quickened and his mouth went dry. He’d been too fucking late!  Sure, Dean had used that same blade and killed the skank, but in the end, it hadn’t changed things. All, Dean could do was stare at Castiel’s tortured and lifeless body, before cupping the angel's face in his hands, calling out his name.
Castiel shook his head and stepped back. He turned and once again looked skyward. “I was at peace! Free of
"What?" Dean asked, a little thrown off guard by the question.
He stepped over to the shelf and began rummaging through it. No way could he face Cas sober. Hell, he couldn’t face himself without being always at least two-thirds of a bottle down the gullet and it had been hours since he’d finished his send-off six-pack at the bunker.
Suddenly the house didn’t feel welcoming and familiar, but ominous. It was bordering on a nightmare to be dropped alone into the one place that had been the closest thing he known to a home, especially when the place didn’t exist anymore.
Shaking his head slightly, he turned back towards the door.
“You find that funny?” Castiel asked, his temper flaring. This was not a joke to him.
Dean was fully erect, and he could feel the precum forming at the end of his shaft. The demon danced its thumb over the hunter’s cock head, wiping the small drop away and sending waves of unwanted excitement through him.
Was Castiel willing to feel the pain of having to let it go when they had to return to the real world?
Castiel recalled the last time Dean and he conversed in a kitchen. Then, the hunter had all the power. Dean had been in control. It had been just the beginning of Castiel’s degradations. It had been when he’d first begun to really crack and to understand how powerless he was in face of the demon.
There was a long pause before he heard an answer. It was muttered and muted as if Rowena had begun moving away from the hole. “I should just turn ya into a squawking little beastie and leave ya down there. It would be a nice little home with plenty of grubs ta eat, shelter, and no way fer ya ta get into trouble.”
He lost track of himself and awareness. It was just all sensation that went from forced pleasure to torture of the soul. He couldn’t think, just exist and it seemed endless.
“Damn it, Crowley! Come back here!” Sam growled.
“You broke an angel,” Alistair continued. Still holding Dean’s chin with one hand, the demon began to caress his free hand down the hunter’s shredded chest. “Daddy’s so proud.”
Sam balled his hands into fists. He tried to count to five in his head. He was outgunned facing both King of Hell and his mother, but then again they were facing an angry and grieving Winchester brother.  Still, it didn't do anyone any good if he lost his temper. “There’s nothing wrong with my memory. I want to know what you and Crowley are doing in the bunker.”
Once inside, Crowley whistled and, as before the opening disappeared. He led them down several more corridors within the secret passage until Sam was sure they were far from the throne room. Then he stopped and looked at Rowena. “Mother?”
He could hear her move closer, cautiously as if he were an animal caught in a trap. Perhaps he was. The paper shook in his hand and his breath rattled in his throat, ragged sobs.
“Rushing?” Gabriel shook his head and stepped into Sam’s personal space. He looked up and glared at the hunter. “Every day, Sam.
"Why hide them?" Cas asked sharply. "Why do you care if I see them or not. I was there too, Dean. I know what happened. Could it be they are not nightmares but dreams? Is there some hidden truth you are afraid of me discovering? Maybe that you even want them. Do you welcome them? Enjoy the-"
This was the brutality of the human body inflicting violence upon itself in recompense for the self-destruction choices the mind had made —
Dean glanced down to his ribs. If Cas became as hurtful and twisted as Dean deserved, sought retribution, how much more corrupted would he be? Despair and defeat welled up inside Dean. He was tired. He was so Chuck damned tired!
Castiel straightened to his full height. He assumed a ready position and let his eyes shine with righteous grace. He kept his wings from materializing, but the world seemed to darken around him. “No subject is taboo. If I ask a question, you will answer it. No obfuscations, not half-truths, or lies by omissions. I will have honesty and answers, Dean or…”
"Well," Crowley made a grunting noise as if clearing his throat before continuing. "These
Sighing he took another look at it. The one side was blank, but when he turned it over there were letters on it. Black ink print bled onto the paper as if typed rather than printed or photocopied.  Sam scanned the words and his breath caught in his throat.
"Let us focus on the Impala for now and revisit the veracity of your...guilt...later."
The elder Winchester should have just continued to let the angel call the shots. They'd had a momentary peace. How'd they achieved it, Dean wasn't sure, but he was certain it had been due to Cas.
Castiel knew humans didn’t hear prayers. Most couldn’t even hear an angel’s true voice or gaze upon their true form. Even as close as they had been, Dean could never truly see or hear Cas. Still, they had always found a way to bridge any gap, communicate past any barrier.
Dean couldn’t let that happen. Castiel had been the only light, outside of Sam, Dean had ever really known. Cas had been more than his friend. He’d been hope, laughter, and something more. He’d been emotions and a dream, Dean had never dared give voice to but had kept close to his heart. They had been precious and the few things he’d ever felt that were truly pure and untouched.
These wounds won't seem to heal, this pain is just too real
time."
Sam nodded as he clenched the one she’d brought. He began reading it again, forcing back the emotional shock, trying to look at it as another clue or puzzle piece.
Chuck, he needed a drink!
"It doesn't? Well, it's obvious it's something you don't want to discuss," The angel asked skeptically. "Why don't you tell me about the argument, and I will tell you why I said 'yes.'"
“Never!” Dean vowed his world verging on whiting out.
Dean gasped.
“Neither do I,” Castiel whispered back.
Rarely had the angel hurt Dean and when he had, it had been under some sort of duress.
“Does Bobby…are there more movies?” Castiel asked, desperate to think of something to say.
“It hurts, Sam, to think you would have such a low and crass opinion of me,” Rowena cut him off.
Glancing around the room, he tried to think of any place he hadn’t already checked a second or even third time for booze.
Asmodeus tucked the box away in a little alcove, donned his white suit coat, and then headed for the door.
The angel shot out his hand, and Sam gasped and gaped in awe.
“Look, there’s some rope in the trunk of the car. Go back and get it. Tie it off somewhere up there, throw the rest down to me, and I’ll climb out.”
“No one,” Sam admitted. “I have no one.” Then he headed for the stairs.
And I held your hand through all of these years
“I don’t want to play this game,” Sam said reaching for the radio and turning it on. The interior of the car filled with the sounds of Phil Collins “Sledgehammer.”
“What?” Dean snapped turning to look at his brother.
Dean shook his head. “I’m not hungry.” The words were dragged out as if they were difficult to form, and Dean shook his head.
Sam’s mouth was dry and his heartbeat loud and erratically in his chest. He wasn’t sure what scared or excited him more. Was it that the words on the paper were the exact description of what had just occurred moments ago or was it because he recognized the type on the paper? He’d seen this once long ago when he’d gone to meet a reclusive author by the name of  Chuck Shurley, a.k.a the Prophet of the Lord, a.k.a God himself.
Thinking about the angel again brought Dean back to the present. He couldn't help but wonder where Castiel was. A slight tremor of fear shot down Dean's spine.
Dean looked up, his hand half-buried under a stack of translated notes from the Egyptian Book of the Dead. He frowned. “You gonna share with the class?”
Dean prayed, staring at his angel.
The minutes went by quickly as Sam, Rowena, and Crowley did their part preparing for the upcoming battle. The hunter hated to admit it, but the three of them were starting to make an odd little team.
“Crowl-” Sam stopped mid growl. Some hunter instinct was sending warning signals through his system. They weren’t alone.
me, Castiel? Revenge?”
Sam shot a death glare at the demon before glancing back at the table. He stared at the folded pages for several long moments before slowly sinking into one of the empty chairs around the table. He let out a painful sigh and reached for them.
The angel lay down on the floor making his eyes level with Dean. He stared at the beautiful green eyes, peering past them until he could see the hunter’s tortured, but bright soul. Once, he’d felt a connection to Dean as he’d had with no other. There had been a bond between them, first forged when Castiel had gripped him tight and pulled him from Perdition.
He took a deep breath, trying to figure out exactly where to begin and how much to say. Finally, after a few seconds, he just dove in and explained about Dean, the Mark, and Castiel. However, it was the PG and Cliff Notes version of events. No one needed the details of what happened, least of all an angel that could light Dean up like a yule log. Sam followed that up with Amara and Chuck.
Light suddenly flowed out Dean, and a tightly compressed pain nearly doubled him over.
Castiel’s eyes flashed blue. Dean had no right to call out to him!
"Unsettling?" Dean laughed harshly. That was such a modest word for how unspeakably prurient it all was. "It's more than 'unpleasant' to find that dreaming of raping your best friend is giving you wet dreams like you're going through puberty again."
“Don’t you do it, Castiel! Don’t you…”  Dean had suddenly screamed; his words were clearer than before. “I’m not worth it. You hear me? Run! Go!”
He wanted a drink. It was the first time since recovering from the DTs. However, even if he was willing to break his sobriety, which he wasn't, alcohol wasn't an option.
Blood was pounding in Castiel’s ears, and his whole body was throbbing with need. He wanted Dean, and yet memories were threatening to crash into his consciousness. Recollections of unwanted touches and kisses by someone who was and wasn’t Dean were threatening to overwhelm him.
He pulled his hand back and rubbed it down his face. It was slick with sweat. Dean shook his head. When had it gotten so hot?
“NO!” Dean yelled charging forward with the last of his energy. He slammed right into a concrete wall smacking his head against it sailing through the angel and the demon as they disappeared.
because you are too chickenshit.”
Watching Dean writhe leadenly across the concrete was different torture for Castiel. He was gripped by the fear that each bit of distance gained would be the hunter’s last.
Yet, if that was the case, why had Chuck sent Crowley the first message? Was that just to save Sam?
"That I believe we have in abundance."
For one long reticent moment, they stared at each other.  It wasn’t so much a battle of wills as if adjusting to new realities. Dean swallowed and turned away, moving toward the refrigerator, his shoulders hunched in resignation.
Dean heard a sharp intake of breath, possibly the sound of cracking knuckles. Or maybe he hoped he did. Maybe if Cas hit him hard enough, the angel could knock the memories out of him. However, then Castiel would have to live with them on his own, and that wouldn't be fair.
The thought slid across his mind like a cloud passing over the sun. Realistically, could he truly ever be made whole again? The things that had been done to him could not be undone.
"Dean," Castiel said, finally dispelling quiescence.
"Dean," Castiel breathed again. "I need..."
They passed a few nondescript demons who didn’t give them a second glance. The spell worked just as Rowena had said it would. After a few minutes, they came to a corridor that branched off to the right and left. Crowley looked both ways down the two branches before approaching the stone wall in front of them.
“I told you, Dean, I am in charge here.” Castiel hadn’t planned on what to say but as the words flowed they seemed to form the shield he needed between his fear and his anger giving him some space to try and figure out what to do next. “You owe me that, Dean, and even if you did not, you are not in a position to change it.”
Revulsion and horror shot through Dean as he shoved at the thing that wore his father. “Get off me!”
Gabriel narrowed his eyes for a moment, then nodded. Then, tightening his hold on his sword case and jutting his chin out, he marched toward the hotel.
Seconds past and Castiel feared the worst.
"What do you mind 'find one?'" Sam asked.
Through it, the angel had learned about humanity in ways no other angel had. He’d risen and he’d fallen because of it. He had felt things; love, loss, and even desire. The demon had destroyed all of it.
Slowly Dean turned around. His breath hitched. Castiel was glorious. He was standing in the archway of the room, sunlight illuminating him. His neatly combed black hair contrasting with the brilliant blue of his eyes.  He was dressed in his familiar trenchcoat, slacks, dress shirt, and tie.
Dean sat back down on the bed. Castiel couldn’t have gotten into the panic room but if Dean had somehow crawled out of it then the angel could have healed him, restored him completely.  Still, that didn’t explain why the angel would do such a thing. “He hates me. He…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas had screamed, an anguished cry torn from the depth of his being. It was sound, unlike anything Dean had ever heard before. It should have stopped him, triggering an answering torment within himself. He’d loved the angel, bled for him and fought the monsters of Purgatory to protect him. Castiel had always been precious to him and even though the soldier of Heaven had no need of a guardian, Dean had felt protective of him.
"Look, Moose, whether you like it or not, you need me."
Dean forced memories back and took a deep breath. He shook with agony. Physically and mentally he was battered. He had been for months.
Tears clouded the hunter’s vision, and bile rose at the back of his throat, but he swallowed it back. “I thought I was strong. I thought...I could take it, but days began to blur, and all I knew was hurt and the promise of more pain. Then one day, after I once again told Alistair to shove his deal, he offered me something different. He gave me a chance to f..feel something different.”
Sam sat back in his chair. "Why?"
The angel fixed his gaze on the horizon. He could not leave, and he could reach out, but he could speak. He could keep Dean here in the present to keep him from his pattern of denial. Yet, the angel did not have to say anything of import or that would require anything from the Winchester.
Amara said she was giving Dean something he needed. How was any of this that?
Castiel had used his grace to heal Sam on many occasions, but this was different. Gabriel's grace was a distinct contrast to the other angel's. It was the difference between swimming in a lake and the ocean. While Castiel's grace was deep, placid waters, Gabriel's was unfathomable with undertows and swift currents. It took Sam's breath away and left him feeling whole, clean, and without pain. He was healed.
Dean flinched and scooted back a little in his chair.
“Moose, we gotta go,” Crowley warned.
There was the sound of soft footsteps behind him and Dean stiffened. The fear and frustration merged inside him and coalesced into something else.  When outgunned and overwhelmed, anger had always served Dean well. So he went on the offense.
