It was getting late and Dean had read every page of John’s Journal in the search of whatever they were Hunting, without success, when Cas called him.
Somewhere in the depths of the corridor maze of the Bunker, a door fell shut.
Dean opened his eyes. He smelled wood and dust and old coffee mixed with beer and whisky. The bed on which he lay was soft and comfortable, the air warm. With a low groan, he sat up and looked around. Undoubtfully, he was in one of Ellen’s guestrooms.
“Huh.” Dean glanced at Cas and saw that he had tilted his head ever so slightly, the way he always did when he didn’t understand something or when he was thinking. It was adorable. “What about your nightmare?”
“What?” He turned around, everyone staring at him, even Adam.
“You coming from school?” he asked. He was a bit calmer now, after all he was good with kids. Always had been. Why would Ben be different?
“I can’t believe you’re alive,” Sam almost sobbed and Dean patted his back before pulling back carefully. There was so much they had to talk about.
His brother glanced back once more, a grin on his face. “Pretty awesome, huh? It’s called the Bunker. It belonged to this group of super-secret dudes back in the day called the Men of Letters. They did all kinds of crazy stuff, mostly studying the Supernatural. You’ll love the library.”
“I –” What was he supposed to say? His girlfriend had bailed, leaving him with only memories and a dying dream? His job brought so much misery to so many people, but mostly him, and he couldn’t stand it anymore? His house and life were built on lies? – All true, of course, but Dean wouldn’t understand. “Stuff happened,” Sam instead said, “I had to leave for a bit.” It was as close to the truth as he could get at the moment. He knew he wasn’t going back, knew he’d already lost his job, knew there was nothing and no one left for him to go back to. “You say you live here,” he prompted after a moment, “Does that mean you stopped Hunting?”
“Well I don’t need protecting,” Dean snapped. He could see Cas’ point of course but he was Dean fucking Winchester. He didn’t run away. Ever.
It was going to be a long day.
“No…” Chris looked at her in confusion and Dean couldn’t blame the kid.
“Hey.” Sam watched as the sheriff pushed her way past Sam through the curtains leading to the kitchen. Five minutes later she returned with two steaming cups of coffee, holding one out for Sam to take. “Thanks.” Sam accepted the offered drink, hoping his stomach had settled enough to handle the caffeine, The aspirin seemed to have kicked in, at least, and his head no longer felt like it was going to explode. “You stayed here?”
Sam blinked, staring at the woman but said nothing.
“About what?” Max seemed suspicious and Dean couldn’t blame him. Not after the way they had just barged in on them.
“Right, no Sulfur either.” Dean looked around, Matt had been right, everything looked clean, there were no signs of a struggle, no signs of anything, really.
“Could you teach me? To be a Hunter?” Adam asked after a while and now it was Dean that tensed up.
Cas was right, or course. Not talking just fucked him up even more than he already was.
Later, meaning the next morning, they packed their stuff and made a quick detour Matt’s and Alex’s apartment. Nothing seemed to be damaged inside the house but Alex was still pale and quiet.
“Huh.”
“Dean,” Cas began hoarsely, “That was four days ago.”
“And you died in his absence?”
Cas and Dean watched from afar as Jessica was let down into her grave while her family and friends stood in front of it. Her family, and friends, and Sam.
Huffing out a breath, Dean gave a curt nod and waited until Sam moved, following him upstairs and into the garage.
“Honestly? I don’t know.” With a sigh, Lisa rubbed her hand over her face. “He puts on a brave face and tells me that he’s fine but…I’m not sure I believe him.”
“Shut up, Adam,” Dean said loudly without looking up from Cas. He heard Adam snickering but that was okay, too.
He fumbled with his bag, trying to get the flamethrower out but he was too slow. He gasped when the Changeling’s fist connected with his jaw and for a second he was surprised at how strong she was, that is before she grabbed Dean and picked him up again and threw him against the wall like he weighted nothing. For a short moment, he saw stars, his head hurt and he was so tired. It would be easy to just stay here.
“Huh.”
“What?” he asked incredulously, not quite believing what he was hearing.
Lisa opened her mouth to reply something but in that moment, a tall man with glasses stepped behind her, laying an arm around her waist.
It didn’t take long for them to find the cages in which the children were kept and they quickly started freeing them, when Dean heard a bang from upstairs.
“What happens if they do attack us?”
He told himself but it was already too late. John raised his head, eyes fixed on Dean. Yellow eyes. Suddenly, he was pushed against the wall and the weapon flew out of his hand and John –
How Dean navigated these hallways, Sam had no idea, but he dutifully followed him, not even trying to make sense of the turns they took anymore and instead accepting that he was irrevocably lost.
“What is it?” Dean asked when Cas didn’t say anything for a long time.
“Welcome to the Bunker,” Bobby said, already descending the stairs to the room below, and Sam followed mutely.
, he didn’t say.
“What,” Dean said, “Are they mine?” Sam’s head snapped around to his brother and all he could do was nod. “Yeah. Kinda. Not really.” Dean shook his head as if to clear his thoughts. “Ben might be. We’re not sure.”
“I don’t know,” Sam muttered, “What about the dirt?”
“Protecting us?” Dean repeated in disbelief, staggering backwards, “Sam, you opened the Gates of Hell!” he shouted, the relief he had first felt when seeing his brother was gone. Replaced by pure rage.
Coffee forgotten, Sam stared at nothing in particular, the insistent sense of
The sounds were coming from the hallway, faint footsteps, slowly coming closer.
Dean was just about to answer when a tall guy in robes entered the room.
“Sam.” Cas’ voice was deep and calm and Dean was secretly grateful for the intervention. “It was not your brother’s intent to keep secrets from you. Fact is, you haven’t seen each other in a long time and there are bound to be things that you don’t know about each other. Maybe it’s time we change that.”
“Here I am,” Sam confirmed unnecessarily, glancing over at Dean and Cas one more time, but the spell was broken. They too had noticed Sam, giving him matching, uncertain smiles, and Sam hated it. Hated the sadness in Dean’s eyes and the tension in Cas’ shoulder, hated that
What was also weird was coming back to their home town after 25 years. Everything seemed to be the same, yet everything had changed. Dean made sure to give their old house a wide berth but there were still memories haunting him and Dean could feel the walls he had built up with such care, crumbling. He didn’t have to look at Cas to know that he was watching Dean with great concern and somehow it made him a bit uneasy because Sam was there too and they still hadn’t talked about that, or about much of anything really, and there was still so much left unsaid.
“You’re pissed at me,” Dean stated.
“I'm gonna kill you, you know that?” John hissed, followed by a long pause. Too long. “Okay,” he finally said and Dean wondered what it was that he had agreed to. Whatever it was, he bet Baby that it wasn’t anything good. “I said okay, I'll bring you the Colt.”
“How?” It was barely a whisper but Dean heard him as if he had yelled.
“The state of this room says otherwise,” Bobby shot back with a pointed look at the mess on the floor, empty bottles and dirty laundry and a few dirty plates, “Now get off your ass and take a shower.”
“Cas’ been working hard to make this stuff available to people,” Dean went on, “Some of it, anyway.”
He woke up one morning, staring at the crack in the ceiling, and smiled. How long had it been? Two months? Three? The Bunker was silent, the clock on the wall telling him it was still too early for anyone but the night shift to be up, as good a time as any to go for a run, Sam decided as he got up and dressed.
“Risking my life, like I did. You had every right to be angry with me and it was stupidly reckless to go in there without backup, especially since it was me that brought the Demon to you in the first place. All this is my fault.” Cas had his eyes cast down, his hands fidgeting with the hem of his shirt.
He accelerated even more and this time, Cas didn’t object.
“Are you sure about that?” Dean asked sceptical.
, stood a red, beat-up SUV at the end of a DIY driveway.
“You should go, Dean,” Sam said from where he and Ruby were standing behind him, one hand extended, hodling the keys to the Impala.
“There you are!” Bobby spoke up, breaking through Sam’s thoughts.
“For what it’s worth,” he told Dean, “I’m sorry I never called.”
“What’s that?”
“The mum?”
“Sorta,” Dean answered vaguely, not meeting Sam’s gaze.
“Huh,” was Dean’s only comment.
“We’re not ready!” Dean argued in exasperation and put on his jacket. Apparently not seeing any other option, Sam followed him reluctantly.
The line went dead.
, he thought bitterly.
“Bobby, do you have any idea what is happening?” Cas’ voice brought Dean back to reality and he saw a dark shadow fall on the older man’s face.
“No, none. I mean the nightmares were bad enough and now I’m seeing things while I’m awake... “ there was fear in Sam’s voice. Dean couldn’t blame him. He would never actually admit it, but he was scared as well.
“We know, that’s why we’d like to look at your camera footage.”
“I heard you’ll be spending the night?” the sheriff – Jody – said, as if it was no big deal.
“You know her?”
“Hi,” he blurted out.
“Nightshift,” Dean commented at Sam’s alarmed look.
“Mrs. Miller, please sit down. Max will be fine.” Dean spoke up after a while.
“Peachy, anyone feeling particularly guilty about something?” It was a rhetorical question of course –they all felt guilty about a lot of things.
It was about an hour later, when they met up in their new motel. As soon as Dean had walked through the door, he could feel the tension in the room – Sam looked outright awful and John seemed angry. Fuming.
Kate began to shake her head but stopped, exchanging a look with her husband, before replying, “Well, there was that treehouse Will and Max built one summer. But it was destroyed years ago.”
“No.”
The fact that the Vampire knew his name wasn’t exactly reassuring but Dean refused to give in to the creeping fear that was starting to build up inside of him; he needed a clear head.
For a second, just one second, it seemed like Sam had made it. Like he had broken through to Max.
Both parents nodded. “We think so,” Kate answered through her sniffles.
He knew the legends of course; everyone did, but just like everyone, he had thought that that was all they were. Legends.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Dean asked back.
“Sam,” Eileen spoke up just before Sam could leave as well. He turned to look at her, watching her slowly sign, “You don’t have to go.”
“Maybe. I’d like you to tell me about it anyway.”
And with those words, Ben jumped to his feet and ran towards his room to do just that.
“Ben.” Cas sighed, but whatever it was he wanted to say, Sam interrupted.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sam muttered, “I feel guilty. Osiris knew that too.”
“We’ve met.”
Cas looked up from where he was lying on the bed, “You don’t think she had anything to do with the bodies” It was a statement, not a question but Dean replied anyway.
“I’m sure she’s fine.”
“Dad’s dead, Sam,” Dean repeated, holding Sam’s gaze, his face open and calm.
“Okay.”
“Huh, yeah maybe. It’s worth looking into, anyway,” Dean mused before jerking his head at Cas’ other hand, “What’s that?” he asked, “Dirt?”
“Bobby –”
“You can’t kill a Demon, Dean.”
“So?” Bobby started, “What exactly happened?”
“Uh –”
Exhale.
Later, much later – after the kitchen had been cleaned and Sam had been given a tour of the house and they had watched a few episodes of Dr. Sexy M.D. and Sam had settled into the soft sheets in the guest bedroom – Sam lay awake and stared at the ceiling and wondered how he could have gone so wrong.
“Ellen told me. She wasn’t very pleased to see me at first but she got around, helped me and Cas out a couple o’ times, too.”
,” he winked at her, “Why don’t you get yourself a coffee, take a break, and we take it from here.”
was making him angry.
“Sorry if I’m interrupting,” Dean said, almost hoping that he was because that would only give him an excuse to leave.
“Course we let her go. She didn’t do anything. You know, Adam, if you really wanna do this, you gotta understand that the world isn’t just black and white. Sometimes you gotta see more than just what’s on the outside.” Dean was astonished by his own words.
It was Max’ dad, Will, that answered, “He liked the peace of it. As a kid he always played in the woods by himself, chasing squirrels and bringing home bugs and spiders.”
“How do you know?”
“What happened? In Salvation?” John sat up carefully, eyeing his sons.
“Ellen’s fine, it’s Jo. She’s missing.”
Dean wasn’t sure what he had expected but it hadn’t been this and he was a bit thrown off when he started talking again, “Cas. His name’s Cas and he’s…great.” He was dimly aware that he was probably looking like a whipped high school girl but he didn’t care. Not really. Cas
“Sam? Is that you?” a female voice called and seconds later, a young woman with long black hair stood in the corridor, looking at them suspiciously.
“Miss Talbot, what was your relationship to Dean Winchester?”
“Good.”
“Couldn’t she help us? She’s a Psychic after all; maybe she knows a Spell of some sort,” Cas suggested.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean said, “Just…you’ve been quiet.”
“If you gotta throw up, toilets are through there.” She pointed at a door in the back. “If you wanna catch some more shut-eye, we got beds.”
. Dean frowned at the screen and then decided to screw it and just take the call.
“Next Witness.” Osiris called out and Sam walked back to his chair next to Dean. “Madison Vaugier.”
He laughed nervously, “Sorry, pal, can’t do that.”
“Well he’s gonna,” Dean muttered, throwing a glance into the rear-view mirror to see Sam passed out against the window, snoring lightly, “And it’s not just me,” Dean went on, “Bobby. Ellen. Jo. Ash. We’re all family”
“Now take a shower and put on some clean clothes. You got 15 minutes.”
“Really?”
“Anything.”
“Er…yes…?”
“Same thing he was always after,” Dean replied, confirming Sam’s suspicion, “I went to Bobby’s for help. We found what we could, realized what we were dealing with, so he sent me to the Roadhouse. Not this one. First one. It burned down, couple years ago.”
“What does that mean?”
They ended up somewhere in the depths of the maze in a room filled with a collection of mismatched furniture. Two old patchwork recliners in front of a TV screen, a foosball table, a jukebox in the corner, and shelves filled with records and DVDs and a picture of Dean and Cas and the two kids.
“Cherry, darling, would you give these Agents whatever they need?” Mr. Baker said and Dean noticed a woman sitting in front of the screens. Cherry looked at them rather unimpressed, chewing gum with her mouth open which made her look a bit like a cow, but she nodded slowly. “Perfect, Gentlemen, I have to get back to work.”
It was not the heart-warming welcome he’d hoped for. “Yeah, I – I’m sorry.”
“Cas –” Dean started but was interrupted by Cas, “
“You can talk to me,” he said eventually.
He wasn’t even sure why but just seeing these dead bodies scared him because what if Sam…
“What about her? “ Dean asked in confusion.
“Come on, son. I know you’re worried about Sam, we all are and I promise you I’ll keep looking but in the meantime, you gotta get out there. For your own sake,” Dean knew that those were the kindest words he would get from Bobby and if he refused he’d be thrown out. Again. Until he had a grip on himself.
Feeling strangely numb, Sam looked up and, for the first time since coming home, noticed the empty shelves. Half the kitchenware was gone. Putting down the letter, Sam stood up and went over into the living room. The bookshelves looked suspiciously empty, the CSI DVD collection box was missing, as was the blanket that always used to lie on the couch. The painting next to the door, the seashells on the windowsill, the little cactus – all gone.
“Are you…sure?” There was something incredibly foul in his mouth, making him want to gag.
Dean rolled his eyes but still said nothing. Sam could handle this and Max actually seemed to calm down a bit.
“I know, I just…I –”
“Mr; Baker, I’m Agent Mortensen, this is Agent McKellen and our intern Adam Wood, we’re here on a case concerning two missing persons. Julian and Harry Jackson? They were last seen in your park,” Dean explained and once again, pulled out the photograph.
It said,
“I’m your family, Dean!”
“So?”
You're looking for someplace you can call home
The voices echoed through his head, Sam and the Yellow-Eyed Demon.
“You married a
“I know it wasn’t my fault. Not really. But his blood was on my hands. Literally. I packed a bag and left to find Dean because I knew he could help me.”
“Actually.” Dean rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. “Actually, it’s a him.”
The table he’d seen the previous day, covered in Spellbooks, looked exactly the same, and with little else to entertain himself with, Sam sat down to read. He’d been right to think this was the real deal – various Summonings and Wardings, powerful Spells calling for ingredients including hearts, blood, and bones, as well as ways to open portals to other dimensions. Whichever Witch put this together, clearly knew their stuff, and Sam wondered how it could have fallen into Dean’s hands.
“What do you mean, you don’t know?”
“Nah, man. It’s probably a good thing you did,” Dean answered, much to Sam’s surprise, “I’d’ve just dragged you back on the road, probably. I wasn’t kidding, y’know, when I said I was jealous. Felt like you’d turned your back on me. On dad.”
Dean had never set foot in an amusement park in his entire life. It hadn’t even crossed his mind, unless, of course, for a case. Like now. But this, seeing all those families and kids, running around, laughing and being happy? It did something to Dean. Something he couldn’t quite describe but he definitely didn’t like it.
“Well, he didn’t know, did he?” Jess asked confused, searching for Sam’s eyes. “Did you, Sam?”
“Excuse me?” Cas asked.
Sam looked back at the house, back at the memories of happy days he’d spent here when things had been easier. “He’s an old friend,” he eventually answered.
“I don’t know. Maybe. That’s impossible to say.”
Bela vanished and Osiris stood up, slamming his staff on the ground three times and Dean winced. “The court has reached a verdict,” he proclaimed, “I find you, Dean Winchester, guilty in your heart and sentence you to die.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I thought so.” John’s voice was low, hardly audible but Dean understood every word.
…Dean didn’t care.
They hadn’t stayed long after that, instead deciding to grab a quick dinner and return to their motel for an early night.
“Thanks Cas. You too.”
“Thanks.”
“Okay,” Dean echoed, sounding relieved, “Alright. See you tomorrow, then.”
“There were handprints on the side of the house. Just like the ones at Ferhad’s.”
“The Colt. They know I have it”
Again, Sam could tell it was barely scraping the surface of what had actually happened, and no matter how much he wanted to know, he decided to let it go. At least for now.
“My plans for you, Sammy. You... and all the children like you,” the Demon smirked, “Should have been a whole lot sooner too but something wasn’t right. Something hid you from my sight, I wanna know what, so it doesn’t happen again.”
“Oh man, really? I actually liked that kid,” Dean muttered and crouched down, examining the wounds on Andy’s body. “He was ripped apart by a Demon,” he observed.
Sam hummed in acknowledgement and went over to the counter to pour himself a cup.
They walked to the Impala and Sam was only a little surprised when Dean tossed him the keys.
“Wasn’t it?”
“Wow. I mean I knew dad had secrets too but…that’s kinda big.”
“You found me.”
“Is that - ?” Cas whispered and stepped closer to the screen, squinting.
There was a sign up ahead proclaiming that he was in the middle of nowhere Wyoming, which was at least something. An angry red light on his dashboard informed him that it was time to stop for gas again.  Pulling up at the next road stop, Sam filled up his tank and got a protein bar that tasted like ashes on his tongue, and now that he’d stopped and his brain had finally caught up with last thousand miles, he was stuck. He couldn’t go back, but he couldn’t keep going either, not without knowing where he was going.
The motel they had checked into was actually quite decent but Dean still hated it. With a low groan, he let himself fall onto the bed.
And Dean wanted to explain, he wanted to tell Bobby everything he knew and everything he suspected but the only thing that came out of his mouth was a broken, “Sam,” and he had to keep telling himself that
“Could you think of anyone who would want to harm him?” Sam had asked.
They entered a room of sorts, although Dean saw it more as a huge underground hall. It was cool down here, but still dry and clean. Along the stony walls lay mattresses on the floor, with piles of blankets and pillows. On the other side of the room was a large table with empty bottles of beer and whisky.
“Bobby wants to talk to you before we leave.”
“What happened, Dean?”
Half an hour later they both got into Sam’s car to drive to wherever the hell it was Bobby lived now. Sam didn’t get it. Why would Bobby leave behind his house and home to move to a poor excuse of a town surrounded by nothing but fields and farms? What was so special about Lebanon that he abandoned his position as go-to helpline for Hunters from all over the country?
They sat down for a quick breakfast, going over what little they had so far. Eight victims, all of different ages, genders, and colours; seemingly random.
“He’s physically fine,” the woman went on, ignoring Dean, “But he just lost his wife and unborn child and I really recommend he sees a doctor. His burns are superficial and his lungs sound clear but still…” she trailed off, her eyes going back to the ruins of the house.
“Dean.” The name left him mouth before he could stop it, eyes still transfixed on the photo. “Are they – Ben and Claire – are they –” He couldn’t say it. It was too ridiculous.
“This.” Sam made a vague gesture at the room. “Go through all these files.”
“You feeling better?” he asked and Dean shrugged. He did feel better but…
“He’s a tough kid.”
- It hadn’t been John that had sent that text.
“I dreamt about it, okay? About her death,
Immediately, he stepped between them. “Yeah I did,” he answered calmly.
Sam accepted the cup, barely keeping himself from frowning at Cas’ words. “I don’t think that’s your decision to make.”
“It’s a long story,” Dean answered with a deep sigh.
The leather of the Impala’s passenger seat felt so painfully familiar, a memory embracing him like a warm blanket, the sound of Highway to Hell blaring from the speakers throwing him back into the past – he was barely 18, trying to find the words that would explain he was leaving for college, leaving for a better life, a normal life. He was 33, sitting next to a stranger with his brother’s face, wondering if this would be the last time he’d ever see it.
Sam opened his mouth, except what was there to say? Cas probably had a point, loath as Sam was to admit that, and his plans of sneaking out without anyone noticing had been foiled anyway.
“He’s right here.” Sammy. Definitely Sammy, crouching next to him.
It might have been a coincidence but Dean didn’t believe in those. Cas seemed to have noticed too, “Do you think there is a connection? Between her death and your mum’s?” he asked.
“I’m starting to think that maybe, dad was right. The way he raised us. I mean, sure it wasn’t easy but at least he kept us safe.”
“No.” Dean shook his head. “I’m the lucky one.”
“You’ve been gone quite a while, Sam,” Bobby chipped in, his voice calm and steady, “Things are different now.”
“Mr. Winchester, isn’t it right that it was the defendant, your brother, failed you?”
Again, Fiona nodded, leading Benny towards the cabin, Lenore not far behind.
Not caring for anything, Dean bolted out of the car and towards his little brother who was sitting there, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders, his eyes unfocused and blank.
“Sure. Would you want to keep doing this if you had an actual home to live in? Wife or husband? A kid?”
“Yes.”
After Sam and Dean had returned to the motel, Dean tried calling Cas again but he didn’t answer the phone; instead Dean got himself and Sam a beer and sat down on the bed opposite to his brother.
“Winchester, if you led your little Hunter friends here, I swear I’m going to forget myself and kill you personally,” she hissed, before grabbing his arms rather forcefully and dragging him down the tunnel.
“What?”
Unfortunately, Dean had realised a bit too late that Cicero, Indiana was a place with ghosts. Not literal ones, but ghosts from his past. Or rather a ghost. A ghost, Dean didn’t want Cas to meet. Ever.
“Dude, I’m 19,” Claire protested, swiping a fry off of Dean’s plate despite having her own fair share.
“You’ll see,” Jody replied with a mysterious grin, her eyes glinting in the morning sun, “So. You up for a little road trip?”
“Hey mum!” Ben called out after the door clicked shut and Dean almost got a heart attack when he saw him.
“There.”
“Sort of.”
“FBI, we’d like to ask you a few questions. Were you working here last Saturday –” he glanced at the name tag on her shirt, “Kelly?”
Sam’s thoughts were interrupted by loud footsteps echoing off the hallway outside.
From the kitchen, Sam could hear Dean puttering around as he made breakfast, the faint smell of pancakes slowly drafting into the War Room, and wondered what he was thinking. Did Dean really want him here or was he just tolerating him out of pity? After all, Dean seemed have had it all figured out, with his perfect little family and his weird Network, while Sam was lost at sea, barely staying afloat. Maybe he should leave. Do Dean a favour. Do himself a favour. Maybe he should start over somewhere, put it all behind him. A clean slate.
“Huh.” Dean refocused on the map, his fingers trailing one of the roads. “Could be something, could be nothin’, we’ll look into it. Anything else?”
“Dean mentioned.” Sam was pretty sure Cas aware of being watched, but he didn’t say anything, and he didn’t meet Sam’s eyes, instead focusing on the desktop screen, scrolling through what looked like a spreadsheet of some kind.
“No,” Lisa answered violently and bend over to pick up the pot.
“Alright,” she sighed, “But only
“Nothing,” Dean answered a bit too quickly and Cas just raised an eyebrow at him. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Dean pulled over and stopped the car at the side of the road, clutching to the steering wheel, his eyes fixed on a tree in front of the car.
“Fuck!” He slammed his hand down on the table once more, though this time his anger was clearly no longer directed at Claire.
“Alright, just…call me if anything…happens.”
The Dean Sam knew would have never left like that. The Dean Sam knew would have never said those things. The Dean Sam knew would have taken the bottle for himself and told him to man up.
“I must have cut myself while running through the woods.” There was desperation in Chris’ voice. “Please, I swear, whatever you think I have…I’m fine.”
“What? No!”
“Adam, I don’t think –”
“Maybe,” he gruntled, “What if I am?”
“We gotta find a cure or this town’ll be the next Lost Colony,” Dean answered.
And he was. Sort of. Or he would be. He just had to let go.
“When I was…when I was dead or…whatever…I was dreaming, I think. It was weird, like, really weird. I was there and Bobby but…it was different, like I was me but I wasn’t. We were in a barn or something and there were all kinds of symbols all over the walls and I knew that Bobby had drawn them and we were summoning something and it came and…I know that I was scared of whatever it was because it was really powerful. The kind of power you don’t mess with. I tried to kill it but it just wouldn’t die.” Dean shivered lightly, remembering the confusion, the dread but also the admiration of the beauty he had seen. There was a face, he thought he remembered, blurry and unclear. “Whatever it was…it saved me.”
Was the only clear thought in his head.
“Well he ain’t anymore. Poor bastard must have pissed someone off big time.”
And that was it. It was all his fault.
Suddenly, Cas nudged him slightly, his head nodding towards a boy standing in front of the house. Apathetic. Motionless.
“Well, you’re obviously not going to say them,” Sam muttered under his breath but still loud enough for Dean to hear him.
Sam was still staring at the map when Dean stepped back next to him, his arms crossed.
we talked about the case.”
“What about Missouri?”
“I won’t tell you,” Ellen insisted. She stepped forward, her arms crossed in front of her chest.
“I have nowhere else to go.” It wasn’t what Sam had meant to say, true as it was. He had nowhere else to go. No home. No family. Not like Dean, apparently, and wasn’t that a kick to the teeth. Not once, while growing up on the road going from motel to motel, had Sam thought his brother would be the one to end up settled down and happy. Dean had been the one to always mock him for the things he wanted, parroting their dad any chance he got, and some part of Sam expected that mocking to return now, prepared for that inevitable ‘
“What happened?” a man wearing a white coat approached them and helped Andrea down on the examination table.
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean piped up from behind him, “What brought you back? Don’t tell me you got homesick after all this time?”
With a swift movement, the Demon turned around towards Dean, smiling and before he even knew what was happening, he felt pain, like he had never felt before, swelling in his chest, like his heart was slowly being ripped out of him.
“Well, that’s just great,” Dean said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
There was a light touch at his hand and Dean didn’t even have to look down to know that it was Cas, offering comfort, even though the other man couldn’t possibly know the thoughts that went through Dean’s head, he must have noticed how tense Dean was. Ignoring that nagging voice in the back of his head, that told him he was being ridiculous, he laced their fingers together and strode forward.
And then the phone rang.
“Er, you’d have to ask Mr. Baker for that. He’s my boss.”
“Didn’t wanna impose.”
“Who said anything about handing it over. Look, besides us and a couple of vampires, no one’s really seen the gun, no one knows what it looks like”
“Well, that was stupid,” Dean told his little brother, “Everyone’s been looking for you for months.”
- and then, with a violent jerk, everything fell back into place and Dean out of bed.
Dean was just about to reach for the whisky when Cas entered the kitchen and he quickly drew his hand away. The other Hunter hated it when Dean drank before 4 p.m.
“Assuming that I knew it was your Nest, which I didn’t,” Dean replied teasingly but neither Lenore, nor the unknown Vampire smiled. “Who’s your friend anyway?” he asked instead.
Matt began fidgeting with the table cloth, he looked nervous, “It’s Alex, my boyfriend,” he whispered, “He’s missing.”
“He means he has to get to his mistress,” she informed them, “What do you wanna see?”
Colt? Samuel Colt’s Colt?” Dean asked in utter disbelief.
Sam threw a helpless look at Dean, unsure of what to say, but Dean didn’t seem to be paying much attention to them.
“Alright.”
“I feel like I should know something. It’s right there but I can’t see it,” Cas said, “Dean, when we first met…I didn’t just go to Ohio for the Witches. There was something important, something I had to find. I couldn’t tell you how I knew that, I just did.”
John shook his head. “No Sam. I want to stop losing people we love. I want you to go to school, I want Dean to have a home. I want...I want Mary alive. It's just...I just want this to be over.”
“Lawrence, Kansas.”
“You are?” she sounded surprised. Almost shocked. “Wow. I’d never have taken you for the relationship guy,” she teased and sat down with Dean.
” he said, “
“Let him go,” Cas demanded.
“They were going to die!” Fiona blurted out, her eyes wet with unshed tears.
The pot fell to the ground making a clattering noise.
“Just you and me.”
even was. He’d driven through the night and the better half of the day, barely stopping for gas. Vaguely, he was aware that it was a weekday and he should be in the office, except what was the point? He’d gone to Stanford, gone to law school, worked his way up the company ranks, bought a house and a car and a treadmill, he’d gotten everything he’d ever wanted, and yet it still wasn’t enough. It was never enough. Inside Sam’s pocket, his phone started ringing. He ignored it. It rang again. Sam pulled it out, recognizing the number on the screen as his boss’ and dropped the damn thing out of the window.
“So, you do not think it is his fault that your wife died?” Osiris asked.
“You go it.”
Dean nodded slowly, not quite convinced. What if he was infected? What if Sam was right and he would kill this kid?
He didn’t look fine, but Dean didn’t ask. Sam would talk about it if and when he wanted to.
“You’re welcome, boys. And take care, there’s something dark comin’ for you. For all of you.”
“I swear if he got himself killed, I’m going bring him back and kill him again.”
“Well, this certainly is a surprise,” she announced, not sounding surprised at all. “Come on then, Sam and Dean, I ain’t got all day.”
The man led them through a dimly lit corridor towards a heavy door with a sign saying ‘Staff only’. They went inside, six or seven screens hanging on the wall, each showing a different part of the park.
“Sulfur?”
“It’s the Roadhouse,” she answered, as if that would clear things up, “Well, the second one, technically. First one burned down, couple years ago.”
That was not what Sam had been expecting. “Just like that?”
“What about him?”
Sam could only agree. A freshly turned Nest of Vampires wasn’t something he’d ever had to deal with, in fact, he’d never had to face off with a Vampire before.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said gently, crouching down in front of his brother who still hadn’t acknowledged him. Carefully, Dean laid a hand on Sam’s knee, squeezing lightly, “Sam.”
And waited.
“Not a Demon, Bobby,” Dean exclaimed exasperatedly.
“Why else would I dream about it, Dean? That doesn’t strike you as weird?”
“I don’t know, Dean, but it makes sense, doesn’t it? I mean he was there, the whole time. When his dad died, the apartment of the uncle. He’s angry because his family let him suffer and now he wants payback.”
“What do we do now?” he asked eventually.
He was completely and utterly alone, with no place to go, no place to call home, and no hope of Dean or anyone to comfort him over what he’d lost. All he would get was an ‘I told you so’ and the mere thought made him sick.
“Just…I got the same vibe from the Serendel’s kid,” he answered, then added with a smirk “And you gotta admit, children aren’t exactly your thing, Cas.”
he reminded himself.
“I’m fine, Dean. I’m fine.”
“Promise me something,” Dean requested before he could stop himself.
“Come on.”
“Alright?”
“Well why don’t
By the time he got back to the Roadhouse it was already early afternoon and Sam realized he hadn’t eaten a single thing all day; he should probably change that. Just like the previous day, there weren’t many people around the bar – Sam thought he recognized a face or two, and Bobby was sitting with Jody in a corner. Charlie was nowhere to be seen, neither was Jo, instead a burly man with an impressive 5 o’clock shadow stood behind the bar, towel slung over his shoulder, whistling to himself as he poured a drink. As soon as Sam entered the bar, the man looked up, something Sam couldn’t read flashing across his face before he pulled it into a lazy smile.
There was a moment. A fleeting glance, a twitching smile, the lingering tension lifting just a bit, just enough for the weight of the years to not seem as heavy, for the distance between them to not seem as wide. It was just a moment, but it was enough to make Sam think that maybe, just maybe, they could go back to how they used to be.
Lately, he had found himself more and more reluctant to do much of anything. He drunk more, even smoked the occasional cigarette, something he hadn’t done in over ten years. Cas said he was depressed. Dean just said that he finally saw things as they were. A steaming pile of shit.
“There’s something about you, boy. You’re a long way from home and you’re not supposed to be here.”
Cas groaned, throwing his head back and banging against the wall. “Could you please take this serious?”
“Max,” Cas said carefully, “Calm down, please.”
Dean grimaced. “I’m not that person anymore.”
“Is there anything else you could tell us?” Dean inquired, hating how desperate his voice sounded.
“I see. Where you here when it happened?”
“Yeah,” Sam sighed. “It’s just, if I had said something else. Gotten through to him somehow…”
“I don’t know. But I gotta go get him.”
“He – he slipped in the shower. Banged his head open.” She wasn’t crying anymore, her voice hollow, distant.
“I’m trying to protect you.”
“Mrs. Winchester, you were the defendant’s wife?” Osiris asked, settling back in his throne.
“Morning,” she grumbled.
“I’m merely telling the truth,” Cas replied, but he did get the table, he and Dean moving smoothly around each other, perfectly in tune, as if this was a thing they did every day.
“Sam.”
“I didn’t mean to.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean greeted him flatly.
“’Cause I just spoke to her. She killed a guy to get to dad, told him to meet him in Lincoln.”
It was easier said than done. Leaning in his seta, head cushioned by a jacket, Sam closed his eyes, but his mind couldn’t rest, kept going round and round in circles, through every possibility, every what if. What if he made a mistake? What if he got hurt? What if Dean got hurt? He tried to imagine it, the feeling of blood pooling over his hands, the sound of Dean’s ragged breaths as the life drained out of him, the sight of his green eyes slowly dimming until there was nothing left, and it would all be Sam’s fault. He would lose even the smallest pieces of home and family he’d found over the last few months.
“Here you go. Tell me if the visit goes well,” Ellie says, smiling. One of her teeth is silver, her left upper incisor. It gleams in the shaky fluorescents of the meat shop.
“Better than Taco Bell,” Sam says, finishing it off in another couple bites and shaking the onions off his pants. “Is all of this free reign?”
“A green space? Is that some fancy way of saying “park”?” Dean says. Cas nods, looking out the window at the Three Graves. “Where is it?”
“You’re a good friend, Cas,” Dean says thickly. He doesn’t make eye contact.
can attest to the thoroughness of their attention towards each other. But this kind of look rings Cas as familiar. It’s similar to a look he can imagine on his own face when he saw Michael wearing Dean’s skin for the first time. What is real and what is simulacra? In their lives, it’s an honest question.
“What?” Cas squints. “I know I’m an angel.”
“Stop,” Castiel pleads one last time. Crowley smiles at him indulgently before shaking his head.
“Everything needs to live,” Cas muses. He shifts his weight slightly, and Dean can feel every inch Cas wanders into. “Even algae.”
If he focuses, the asset can remember a short man with light brown hair, smiling at him and calling him squirt. He names this man Gabriel, pleased at the click of puzzle pieces in his brain. He was a person who had a brother once. He turns to the screen again.
The game goes on for ten frames, Cas explains patiently as they bowl. Each frame is three tries. A strike is when you knock all of the suckers down on the first try. A spare is when you knock half down on one try and the other half on the other. Cas bowls two strikes, one after the other, as he explains. The scoreboard above them has a variety of different stupid animations to celebrate this.
Dean Winchester and his brother moved to the old Dowling house down the street when Castiel was ten. This part of his history, noted on Wikipedia with the sub-heading
“I don’t want to keep you up if you’re tired.”
“Being an angel?” Cas says. “Yeah.”
It’s now been three weeks since Cas returned, and the elephant in the room has entered some sort of frenzied state. Dean’s hands itch every time Cas offers to taste a piece of pie, or rolls his eyes at him, or comes to breakfast in just a robe and stolen motel room slippers. They itch when they fight about refilling the Brita, and when they fight about the right way to bread chicken tenders, and when Cas gives him a beer at night in a silent apology.
Castiel wants to whine like a dog.
Dean only walks in on him only once. It’s after a hunt, a violent ghost in Wisconsin that almost burned a house down. Castiel is a fool for expecting Dean to go to sleep after a case with children and a house fire, but he is too wrapped up in the idea of categorizing all the different metal knives they have in the bunker to notice.
He feels warm, from his forehead to his feet. He lets Dean lead him out of the peanut butter aisle, his hand still firmly on his back, like Dean can keep Castiel with him by force alone. How Cas wishes he was right. How he wants to be held there by Dean for the rest of eternity, living happily under the warm palm on his shoulder.
The asset shakes this memory away. The librarian is watching him gently from her perch behind the front desk and he shies away from her gaze, hiding his hand firm under the desk.
, the Dean in his head reminds him.
The ribs taste good when he bites into them. It’s terrifying. He has a single bite and gives the rest to Sam. Dean watches him out of the corner of his eye, like he’s on a case and Castiel is the ghost to be exorcised.
“I wish I could make this easier for her,” Cas says honestly. His head is swimming a little bit. “I am terrified of making our relationship worse.”
“Me too,” Castiel throws out there, trying to act like he knows and he’s in on the secret. Dean looks almost hurt for a second before resolving his features into neutrality. Another minefield Castiel has stepped through, another bomb set off without realizing. More carnage to clean.
There’s nothing but the sound of water in the pipes running overhead as Dean sits on this. He sees now he has misjudged something.
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, piling his tomatoes and his lettuce and his bacon and his mayonnaise in his arms precariously. “No apocalypse, no one is dead, the bastards are quiet. Sounds like a win to me.”
“Just doing some repair,” Castiel says, gesturing to the knives. “These ones need to be sharpened. I noticed that during our hunt tonight.”
Castiel breathes. His own name rings like a bell in his head. He thinks he can stand to think of it because it was never something Dean called him. Castiel was a birth certificate name, a name that Gabriel called him, a name he heard at school. Cas -
“I knew I could hear giant wheels turning, didn’t know the old gears still worked up there,” Dean said, wiping his hands on his apron. Sam rolls his eyes and sits back.
“That remains to be seen,” Cas says neutrally. Dean knocks his elbow against Cas’ stomach, and Cas leans away from him to dodge it.
Dean would probably know. This version of Dean might hate him.
And then there is Cas.
Dean hunches over his stitching again. He
He doesn’t. He stews in his own self-pity until he’s practically bathing in it. Cas looks like he doesn’t know what to say, scuffling his feet on the ground, whistling sighs through his teeth.
“I have to talk to you about something, Cas,” Dean says gently.
“The vampire?” Cas says. “Really?”
Dean slaps his hands together in excitement and turns around to go back into the Bunker. Castiel goes to follows him and stops. He feels a pair of eyes following him, glued to his vessel.
a traitorous voice says in his head.
“Yeah, if seeing some eighty-year-old named Don throw out his hip enriches your life,” Dean snorts. Cas looks unimpressed. Dean changes his course. “But yeah. Of course, Cas. I’m game.”
“It’s me,” Dean says from behind a closed door. It’s been a couple months of living in the houses. Cas has read approximately a hundred of the e-books Charlie put on his iPad for him. He’s sitting in the sunroom at the moment, a small room right off the patio with a view of their field.
“Alright, Don Juan. Let’s talk after we get out of the friggin’ black hole,,” Dean says, looking back up at him with amusement and pivoting back to gesture him forward through the portal. Castiel peels himself off the floor, covering his penis with his hands as he steps out of the portal. The Empty lets him go without much outrage, something like a sigh of relief emanating from it as it snaps shut behind him.
“Yeah,” Dean says, breaking away and scratching his neck. “First gay relationship. Yeah.” There’s a beat.
“Yes,” Castiel says. “But it wasn’t enough. There were so many moments I could remember, but all of them felt hollow.” He chuckles loosely, feeling Dean's responding grin more than seeing it. "I much rather just focus on this."
He picked up Dean’s phone from where it was charging on the nightstand to check the time. It’s late. Cas didn’t know how many minutes he should leave as a buffer before going to talk to him, but he figured five might be long enough. So, he gathered himself up and grabbed his own t-shirt from the floor. He put it on and steeled himself to start walking. And here we are, in the kitchen.
Dean, oblivious, takes deep, shuddering breaths as he tries to calm down. Dean places his heavy head gently on Castiel’s shoulder for a beat before lifting it back up.
“It’s just those girls,” Dean says, voice raspy, not meeting Castiel’s eyes. He is trying to communicate something important without words. “They saw their dad. Like
Castiel nods. It probably wouldn’t.
He pinches his inner thigh hard. He grimaces. Not a dream.
“Soon,” Cas promises. He knows he means it as soon as it comes out of him. Dean looks like everything good has come to him at once. “Soon. I promise.”
Dean might be a little bit tired.
Dean reaches up to rest his hands on Castiel’s neck and then closes his eyes. Castiel is confused, cold, disorientated, and itchy 一 but he is alive and seemingly whole. He tries to send his grace to heal Dean, but he finds he has nothing left. He is sure if he had something to eat, he would taste all of it, not a molecule in sight.
If they do, he gives his most uneasy smile until they get the message and leave him to peruse the peanut butter aisle alone. He just goes back to looking at the ingredients for smooth-style Skippy.
“Yes,” Castiel decides. He gestures to the knife he’s holding, Dean’s favorite. “Until then.”
“Fair point,” Dean says finally. They both watch as the doctor collects himself outside Cas’ medical room, Sam talking to him in fervent whispers every so often. The doctor peeks back at Cas every so often like he’s a mirage, like he’s not even sure he’s alive. Cas knows the feeling.
“What did you look like?” Dean asks. He’s always wondered. He thinks of plain Cas but ten miles tall. He thinks of a giant shambling monster that would cradle Dean in his wings, or a giant eye that has oscillating rings that make sounds like choral music.
“I know you wanted that with her,” Cas says quietly. “I’m sorry it didn’t come to fruition.”
“You guys are really something, huh.” Jody says. “Well, I’m very proud of you two. Thank you for trusting us enough to tell us.” She has the comforting presence of someone who is phased by almost nothing, and Cas is struck again by how much he loves her, just in this. Just in letting them pretend this is normal.
The Himalayas is where he isn’t. The Quik-E-Mart is where he is.
“Hey, bud. I’m making BLTs, you want one?” Dean says, shoving his own (perfectly-made) sandwich towards him, already reaching for the loaf to make the second one. Jack comes and sits next to Sam, who nods at him in acknowledgment.
Well. It’s not much of a kitchen. It’s a stolen microwave and a kettle he found in the dump. His elderly neighbour gave him an old tea towel, patterned with thin green flowers and dancing blue teapots, when he was moving his scant belongings into their building. Castiel can’t bear to clean anything with it, so it sits on his counter, untouched.
“Dean, Cas said you were making sandwiches!” Jack’s voice comes fluttering in from next door. He comes in a second later wearing his own Dead Guy Robe that he found in one of the rooms, Sam’s rolled up sweatpants and a shirt that he found at Goodwill for a dollar that said PROPERTY OF KANSAS CREW on it.
“I’ve been asking him to eat more vegetables,” Cas confides, his voice low, eyes on where Dean disappeared with the coats. “He likes them more than he thinks. Especially broccoli.”
“Is it?” Cas says.
“Are you having a good time, Cas?” Jack says. His voice is tinny and cracking on speakerphone, but Cas seems to be understanding every broken word.
“You’re kind of a mess, Cas,” Dean says finally, gesturing with his hand to where the x-rays of his shoulder joint lay. Apparently Cas’ reinforced spine is way too thick and very crudely made, and his shoulder bone has completely calcified a thin layer of bone over the implanted metal joint, which breaks every time he moves the arm. Apparently it’s very painful. Cas wouldn’t know.
Cas tugs Dean forward by the ACDC shirt, suddenly feeling soft and sentimental. He puts a hand on the back of Dean’s neck, curling into the longer strands of hair growing there and bringing him forward little by little. Dean lets himself be tugged closer to Cas, eyes closing in preparation for—
He pauses and looks down at his feet. “The way she said it, it sounded doable. Easy.”
Cas nods and withdraws, and Dean’s hand on his chest turns into a fist in his shirt, holding him still. They don’t kiss. They just stare at each other. It’s a comfortable moment, one with precedent. Even when they didn’t have words, they have always had a wordless understanding. Cas isn’t sure what he was before it, what kind of creature he was when Dean Winchester wasn’t looking at him.
hot. Whatever.
happiness is, he prepares.
he thinks. He hefts the pink ball and doesn’t look at Cas as he swings the ball between his legs and lets it go. He’s no bowling savant, but it travels in a reasonably straight line and knocks the first three pins down flat.
“If it were any deeper, it might have needed stitches,” Cas says, not sure of that at all. Jack pales. “But it’s not bad, Jack. Dean and Sam have both had much worse wounds than this and survived.”
“But she’s not?” Ellie says, eyes on Cas. Her hands still on the case. “Biologically?”
“We gotta call Jack,” Dean says. He grabs Cas’ shoulders, the trenchcoat rough and warm under his hands. “He’s probably freaking out right now, Cas.”
Dean breaks the kiss, leaning his sweaty forehead on Cas’ sweaty, human forehead, and he pinches his own inner thigh hard. Not a dream.
“You have time to,” Dean says, fervently. Castiel has smudges of wet patches of blood drying stickily all over his neck from Dean's nose. “Chuck’s gone, by the way. Sam and Billie got him. Jack helped.”
“Uh?” Cas says, squinting. Dean’s face is swimming in front of him. He thinks he might be several steps behind.
"I'm glad to hear it," Castiel says. Understatement. He doesn't think he can actually let that sink in until later, but he grabs Dean hips tighter in response.
Dean sneaks a peek at Cas through the corner of his eye to see Cas peeking back at him. They both look away. Jeez, what a pair.
“Uh,” Cas says, clearly stalling. His eyes widen in a slight panic at all the food displayed on the table in front of him. Sam really does feel for him. He doesn’t think an angel is equipped to make these sort of non-essential decisions.
This first dinner starts a series of events not unlike the Big Bang in proportion. Or, more accurately, like the first things to spring up through the ash and decay from where the asteroid settled 66 million years ago. From where there was no hope now sprung growing life and all parties had no idea what to do with it lest they accidentally step on it again.
“Are you serious?” Dean says.
“Dean,” Cas says. It’s a bad idea, surely. Cas could be triggered by a random snap of a twig and kill them all, or accidentally smell vanilla yogurt and throw up for hours. “I can’t.”
Dean’s fingers trace letters on top of his palm. H-O-M-E. “We bought a couple of houses in Kansas. Real deep woods, middle of nowhere. Going to be heading over there next week to start renovating.” He pauses. “There’s space for you if you want it.”
They dragged him away to put him through the machine again, and he put forth no resistance. “Dean,” he had mumbled as they strapped the halo over his head, mashed a bite guard between his teeth and told him to bite down. “Sam.”
“Anywhere else?” Dean says as they both say their goodbyes and Cas slides his phone back into his pocket. “Home?”
“Your devotion to making homemade dog food is astounding, but no, we have four packages in the freezer.”
The dinner starts with a downpour.
Castiel Novak was a quiet child who did not disobey under any circumstances, not from lack of willpower but from lack of knowledge of another way. His neighbours remembered him sitting on the curb in front of their house most days, quietly content as he watched people do their errands.
He doesn’t pick himself up off the floor until the morning. And then he goes. There’s a job to do.
Dean colors slightly, warming the spot right above his shirt collar. “No problem, man,” he says, and he places his hand on Cas’ shoulder, and he leaves it there for a second too long.
“Uh, awesome?” Dean says, squinting his eyes. “I didn’t think that needed to be discussed.”
He looks at the wall of peanut butter he hasn’t categorized, and the ensuing aisle of jams and the aisle after that on salt. He thinks about his long history and how he cannot conjure more than one or two jars of raspberry jam in his mind’s eye. He should refuse.
“I wish you could’ve perceived my true form,” Cas says, looking immeasurably sad, his thumb on Dean’s bottom lip. “I was one of the first creatures on Earth. I was fearfully and wonderfully constructed by God, and now not an angel exists that remembers me as I was.”
Cas shrugs. “I wanted to enjoy something beautiful, I suppose,” he says, his tongue clicking against a dry mouth.
They both wait for him to finish the sentence. He seems unwilling to do it.
Cas tears his eyes away to look over Dean’s shoulder. “Oh. Whatever you like, Sam.”
Well, Cas won’t care. Not that the angels can’t be homophobic or whatever, but it’s Cas. If Cas could feel emotions, Dean is like 99% sure he would be gay. Not in a stereotype way. The dude wears the same thing every day.
“You could say that,” Cas says, smiling again, lips closed tight. Some personal reference, something just for him.
, for Chrissakes. Dean should at least take his shirt off or something.
“Why do you leave all the time?” Dean says finally. A brave question, but not the right one. Cas releases a breath he was holding, humming in thought.
Like Dean thought too hard and Cas heard him and showed up.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says.
“I was there?” Cas cuts in. “With you? In your dream?”
, Dean thinks, turning his eyes back to the road. He doesn’t think about it anymore.
“You can’t try to be their friend either, because then it just looks like you’re desperate. Which, hell, maybe you are, but you shouldn’t show it, right? So there’s a middle ground between being an asshole and being too chummy, Cas.”
Castiel commits even this to his memory. It is bittersweet, but he does it anyway. Dean, so obviously worried. Sam, oblivious and staring between the two of them like he’s waiting for a bomb to go off. Jack, tearing into his ribs like a wild animal with sauce smeared on his chin and nose.
“The price,” Cas says. “And the merchants would argue, but the grandmothers would stay firm. I found that strange.”
Cas hums again. He leans his leg against Dean’s a little harder.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says, eyes shining with something that looks a lot like mirth. “Dinner’s almost ready if you’re done being Steve Irwin.”
, Dean thinks.
“Did you remember it all?” Dean says at last. Castiel is distinctly aware of the way his body curves toward him, like a branch or a plant. “In the Empty?”
“I feel the same way, hotshot,” Dean smiles, placing his hand on Cas’ shoulder before quickly taking it off again, clearing his throat and looking away. Jody raises her eyebrows at Cas. Cas raises his back.
“That’s bullshit,” Dean says finally.
“Sam,” Cas says stiltedly. It’s one of the only things he could say at the time. He’s not an outwardly emotional person, especially not when Dean isn’t involved. Even when Dean is involved, it takes a little push to get Cas talking about what he feels and he is usually rewarded with a piece of cake or a sandwich or something after.
“Really?” Jack says, his eyes squinting. He crosses his arms too. “What’s wrong, Cas?”
“Cas, you—,” Dean gasps, breaking the kiss and looking him in the eye. “I want to. Have sex with you.”
He turns off the water with a shaking hand and sits on the slick floor of the tub. He palpates the clammy skin of his chest until he finds an incongruity against the bone and the hard strips of muscle - a lump, tucked hard against his first rib.
“No,” Cas says quietly. “They don’t.”
“Ready, Dean?” Cas says after he does his requisite number of deep, centering breaths. Dean leans over and kisses him, because he is there and he is wearing movie-star glasses and he is savoring every letter of Dean’s name like it’s the first time he ever said it.
“She’s good people, Jody,” Sam says, and looks down at the table, smiling in thought. “I promise, next time.”
There’s a beat of silence.
“Yeah, I know, I’m the worst. It’s just that you– It’s
What had gone wrong, Castiel? Were his fingers too cold, could he not keep his grip? Was it the way Dean was looking at him like he was already planning his funeral as he stood there, reaching for him? Did Dean mourn him after he died, or did he move on, overcome with duty? What did Dean tell Gabriel? What did Dean tell
He notices, as if from a block away, that he’s scared. It’s not a new feeling, nor an unusual one, but something about these cuffs, this box. He is powerless to protect himself. Maybe Dean -
“I don’t understand,” Cas said. “I wouldn’t leave you because you have erectile dysfunction.”
It’s not enough.
“Very,” Cas says, smiling small. Dean grins back, and Jack scooches past them after a small eye-roll, a relatively new addition to Jack’s more human behaviors. Dean gasps when he sees it, putting his hand up to his chest in mock outrage after shifting out of his way. Jack disappears into the kitchen, presumably to resume peeling potatoes.
, the newly reborn Castiel Novak thinks as Dean sputters and groans and vomits river water all over himself . Then he walks away. He has a lot of learning to do.
He watches suspiciously as Cas looks at each of the balls one by one, judging the weight of each and bringing it up to eye level to gauge roundness or smoothness or something. If this ain’t Cas, they’re being pretty convincing. But Dean knows that you need more than a feeling.
The first thing Jody says when they settle in the living room is “Claire’s nervous.” She tucks her hands into the pockets of her jeans. In a strange twist of fate, she is dressed in almost the exact same clothes as Dean. Cas is wearing his old white button down and a pair of brown pants and feels underdressed.
“Wait. Jesus, is this because of last time?” Dean says, turning with his whole body to face Cas now. “Do you think we’re going to kick you out?”
“There are burgers, two kinds of pie — apple and cherry, chicken tacos. I wasn’t sure if you were allergic to anything —,” he waits for Castiel’s shrug before continuing, “but I boiled up some crab, crawfish and some prawns, butter, lemon. I made a chocolate cake just in case you prefer it more than pie,” he scoffs here, can’t help himself. “A salad. I put as much ranch dressing as I could so I could piss off Sam. You don’t have to eat that. I tried to roast some brisket, but the smoker was jacked up so I just bought that from up the road,” he points to a glistening pile of meats, slightly steaming in the cold air. “Kansas City-style, it’s a little sweeter than your Texas-style.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel says warmly. Dean turns to go and then stops at the light switch, thinking.
“Dean, can we go for a drive?” Cas says.
“Forgive me if I don’t trust the angelic driving school with Baby,” Dean says. He smiles at Cas’ pinched expression and looks out the window.
There is one place. Cas grimaces as he twists the tracking chip from the metal that compromises his shoulder joint. That one place might never want to see him again. He might remember that whatever Castiel is now is not his friend from 1945, but an imposter. Some long-haired aberration that beat him to a pulp and left him like a coward.
Cas decides.
, Castiel thinks as he grabs a sharp knife from the knife block. It looks as unused as the other facets of the apartment, but it’ll work well for this purpose.
Cas is not a crier outside of life-and-death situations. This, particularly, is not a situation that requires crying. But Cas sat and stared at the way Dean left so long that his eyes began to burn. He forced himself to blink.
He presses himself against a wall in an alley and breathes in, his chest hurting with the effort of it. His arm clanks against the bricks as he looks at his surroundings. He needs some sort of glove or something to make his arm camouflaged from prying eyes. He’s aware of the teetering piles of his memories, the tenuous grasp on what is real and what isn’t. The velvet coat over the gun. He doesn’t know if the gun is new or the coat is.
Looking back at it now, perhaps Dean should’ve known then. He didn’t truly figure it out until about ten minutes after Cas disappeared into thin air and he was sitting on a cold, stone floor. Maybe “best friend” wasn’t so accurate. Maybe just the “best” was.
“And what do you know about the thing that killed mum?”
“What happened?” Dean asked Bobby while Cas wrapped his arms around the girl.
“There are signs. Everywhere the Demon showed up, Cattle deaths, temperature fluctuations, electrical storms. It started in Arizona, then New Jersey, California. Houses burned down to the ground. It's going after families, just like it went after us.”
Claire huffed and grabbed the backpack she’d set down on the floor. “You can’t tell me what to do,” she snarled, “In case you’ve forgotten, you’re not actually my dad.” And then she was storming away, up the staircase and out of the Bunker, while Dean sat dumbfounded at the desk, staring after her, his face going through several emotions Sam couldn’t quite make out before it settled on deep-seated guilt and regret.
But before Kate could answer, Ruby had already stepped forward, “Are you hurt? Did they bleed on you?” she urged.
“Come on,” he muttered, “Let’s get outta here.”
Dean’s eyebrows shot up,
He’d never had to do this before. Never had to deal with the fallout before. Their dad had always made sure to be as far away as possible by the time the victims were found, hadn’t cared for what became of them as long as the creature responsible was dead and gone.
“I totally kicked your ass,” a female voice boasted.
“It’s a long story.”
“And where is that?”
“Dean.”
sneaking back in, making his head hurt again though for entirely different reasons than before.
Cas smiled faintly, his eyes were staring in the distance, narrowed ever so slightly. He was thinking.
Sam eyed the offered hand but didn’t take it. He wasn’t even sure why this Benny put him on edge in ways he really didn’t appreciate.
“Julian Jackson and his son Harry,” Cas answered and handed Dean a paper bag with his dinner.
Jody roped him into cutting the vegetables while she kept up a steady stream of conversation about the town and her husband and her job. Her husband Sean, she told him, was visiting his sister in New York who’d just given birth to a little boy. She was excited to meet him, she said. They’d lost their own son themselves when he’d still been a kid. She also talked about her family and there was so much genuine joy in her voice, so much pride and care and love, Sam had to turn his back to hide the tears in his eyes.
“Uh, yeah.” Dean nodded. He felt a bit uncomfortable talking about this kind of stuff but he guessed that Adam had a right to know. “Mum, dad, Sammy ‘n’ me.”
If Jody noticed Sam’s sour mood, she didn’t let it on, instead simply served the food and allowed a much more comfortable silence to settle over them as they ate.
“Dean? Wha’s going on?”
Dean wasn’t even sure why but he stopped. Light exploded in his face and Dean squinted, trying to make out the familiar shape in front of him.
“Wait,” Sam said, “Step-mother?”
“I’m gonna kill him,” he repeated furiously.
Sam switched on the light in the kitchen, discarding his bag on a chair and walking over to the fridge for a beer. It was the last one. Hadn’t Jane said she’d buy groceries today?
They stayed like that for a moment, arms wrapped around each other, breathing in the spring air and Dean knew that he would be okay. They would be okay.
“What do you mean?” the innocence in Cas voice really shouldn’t be as cute as it was, but Dean managed to keep a straight face and snorted, “’What do you suggest?’” he echoed, “Seriously?”
“No.” Sam shook his head vehemently.
It was then, that Dean’s phone rang. For a moment, he hoped that it was Cas, but it wasn’t.
“Then you won’t.” It sounded so easy coming from Cas. “But I also won’t stand by and watch you destroy yourself, Dean.”
Dean thought.
Why should he be the one to carry the weight of the fucking world on his shoulders?
“Of course. I’ll be there as quick as I can.”
“You’re right,” the boy said and before Dean could even process what was happening the gun swung around and the trigger was pulled, shooting a bullet right through Max’s head.
Your destination remains unknown
Sheriff Jody didn’t live far. Sioux Falls wasn’t exactly the biggest town and the sheriff’s house was smack in the middle of it, a pretty little thing with a white picket fence and little protection symbols carved into the doorframe. It was a nice house. The walls were covered in pictures of what Sam assumed was Jody’s family, they looked happy, normal. There was that pit in his stomach again, looking at these photos, at what Jody had lost, at what everyone always lost, in the end
Sam almost let out a snort. What was it with these people and unnecessarily cryptic answers?
Trying not to think about Missouri’s words, the three men left the house and just when they were about to get back into the car, Dean’s phone rang.
“Terrible indeed,” Cas commented, “How are they holding up?”
Finally, Cas did look over at him, the softness replaced by something deep and considering, his head tilted to the side. “You seem upset.”
“You’ll be okay?” he asked.
“Stay,” he said, “I know it’s a lot and you’ve got some stuff to sort through, but –” He shrugged, flapping his hands against his sides. “I want you to stay, Sam. At least for a bit.”
Suddenly, the door burst open and Cas came running in, “There’s a mother,” he panted.
“Who is it, honey?”
“It matters if you’re still upset about it,” Cas disagreed and even though his eyes were fixed on the road, Dean knew that Cas’ attention was on Dean, assessing him, “You think it was selfish of Sam to leave.”
“Lebanon, Kansas.”
“Sort of?”
“If it wasn’t for him, I would have never gone to that bar that night…Dad was in pieces…fucked off to god knows where. I just wanted to get drunk and laid.”
“You mean kill him?”
It was late when they finally left.
“Listen to me, smartass,” Dean stepped forward, glaring at the man, “I don’t give a shit what you think, no one is dying without a good reason, you got that? We’re stuck here for now, so we’re all gonna stay calm.” And although the man was considerably taller than Dean, he seemed to shrink under Dean’s eyes, slowly backing away against the wall. “Good.” With a sharp nod, Dean turned away and saw that Phil had woken up. Fortunately, he had no injuries.
“We have to go,” Sam repeated, “Right now.”
“Bite me,” Dean muttered but there was no malice behind it and Cas laughed.
Swallowing around the lump in his throat, Sam got up and quickly left the room before he could find any more memorabilia of Jody’s dead son. The sheriff herself was sitting at her kitchen table, a cup of coffee in front of her, a smile spreading on her face when she saw him.
The archives, as it turned out, stretched deep underneath the Bunker, rows upon rows of shelves with files and boxed all containing variously detailed information on the world of the supernatural.
“No!”
“How’d you and Dean meet, anyway?”
“Who are you calling?” Dean asked when he saw Cas with his phone pressed to his ear.
“You didn’t kill them, Sam. It wasn’t your fault,” Dean tried to remind his brother but of course, Sam wasn’t listening.
“Listen, d’you think I could come in?” he asked despite himself and Lisa gave him a wary look but stepped aside. “Thanks.”
“I’m not gonna kill you, man.”
Both Cas and Dean got in position next to the door, waiting for whatever was approaching –
“Easy, man. He didn’t have a choice,” Dean replied and helped the old woman up to her feet. “You’re bleeding.”
“What happened to me? Really Dean? What do you think?” Sam snapped and Dean honestly didn’t have an answer. “You
“Dean –” Cas started but Dean shushed him, “Don’t. We can talk later, okay? I’m not angry – or actually I am. Furious, in fact, but…man I’m just glad you’re okay. Don’t you
The smell of the house, strange and unfamiliar, the almost-silence of creaking wood and Jody’s footsteps, the foreign light falling through the window, it was enough to set Sam in edge and chase away any last traces of tiredness. With a low groan, he sat up and looked around. He hadn’t paid any mind to the room the previous night, now he realized that, while it was certainly a guest room, it was also, undeniably, a child’s bedroom. Or it had been, once. A single, lonely glow star still stuck to the ceiling, on the wall next to the desk, faint and barely visible, Sam could see doodles drawn by a child’s hand, most books up on the shelves were goodnight stories and fairy tales.
“Bullshit.”
“Yeah.”
“It's gonna take me about a days drive to get there. - That's impossible. I can't get there in time and I can't just carry a gun on the plane.”
“Used to be?” Cas asked from where he lay on the bed.
“Yes, Cas?”
“How – uhm – how old is he?” Dean inquired shyly.
“Dean?” Adam’s faint voice reminded him of where they were and what was happening and he quickly turned around.
“That’s in South Dakota. Cold Oak, one of the most famous haunted places in the US.”
“You know,” he started, “Sam leaving is the reason we met.”
“Hello?” Dean asked, opening the driver’s door to get behind the wheel.
Jody and her cop friend Donna were sat at the Network Station, chatting idly about some TV show and whistling at the sight of his, admittedly tight, running shorts as he passed by.
They were family.
Sam rolled his eyes – why was everyone on his case for the drinking, anyway? – but did as he was told under Bobby’s watchful eyes until the older man seemed to be satisfied enough.
“Yes please,” said Sam. Perhaps this whole thing would be more bearable if he was drunk.
“Fuck the case.” He couldn’t quite believe that he had just said that. “Call Bobby, tell him to set someone else on it.”
They stayed like that for a long time, their hands entwined between them, silent, silent before they got out of the car and entered the motel to get a room for the night.
It was an odd silence that settled over them. Not uncomfortable, exactly, but tense and wary, and Sam didn’t think he could take it much longer. Making sure to not look too much like he was fleeing, he walked into the library, still in awe at the amount of books it held, and now that Dean wasn’t breathing down his neck he actually had the time to take a closer look. Half of the books, it seemed, were in languages Sam couldn’t understand, the ones he could, however, held every piece of information anyone would ever need or want when facing down the things that went bump in the night – lore and histories on every creature imaginable, whole sectioned dedicated to Demons and Gods, extensive records of Hauntings from all over the world, and more books on different kinds of Magic than Sam ever thought he’d get to see.
“Alright, alright. We’ll fucking take it.” Dean threw up his arms in defeat and went upstairs to pack his back. He could hear Cas and Bobby exchanging some words but he didn’t stay to listen.
,” Bobby answered, dry as bones, “
“You wanna know what I think?” Dean asked, sounding almost gentle now. He hadn’t interrupted once during Sam’s little tale of woe, and still didn’t seem like he was about to start making fun of Sam which was perhaps the most unsettling thing about this whole situation.
Dean sat down next to Cas and propped his chin up on the man’s shoulder to get a better look at the book.
He looked at Cas and Cas held his gaze. It was a silent fight of wills, one they had had many times before and Dean felt once more like Cas was looking into his soul rather than just his eyes, like he was being stripped off everything, leaving behind just his barest core of being. For once, it was Cas that gave in first. “Fine,” he conceded, clearly unhappy with his own decision, “Alex said that he was held in an old cabin in the woods just outside the city. I know where it is.”
“What’ya doing, man, it’s the middle of the night,” Dean muttered. He turned to Cas and saw that his boyfriend was still fast asleep.
“Just like that,” Jody confirmed, “My husband still isn’t convinced but he lets me do my thing.”
It said,
Dean had just called Cas when they arrived in Salvation.
Once they had arrived in Cicero and checked into the motel, Dean went over the info Bobby had given them on the case.
“How?” Cas asked.
“That’s interesting. Are you a religious man?” Cas cut in and Matt laughed.
It wasn’t what Sam had expected, but then he was learning a lot of thing he’d never expected or even thought possible.
Dean stared at the remains of the Roadhouse, one of the few places he himself had ever felt at home, his eyes fell on Bobby and Ellen and Jo, his family, and on Adam who seemed helplessly overwhelmed by everything that was happening but who didn’t want to show it. He reminded Dean of himself.
“We can talk to him,” Sam said exasperatedly.
“Dean Winchester.” It seemed like the Vampire couldn’t decide whether to be scared or angry to see him but that was okay. At least he wouldn’t die just yet. “I didn’t think I’d see you again.”
Only now, he remembered the other dream too. The one he had had while he had been dead. The warehouse. The sigils. Bobby. The strange creature that somehow seemed familiar. Dean shook his head and stepped into the shower, trying to wash off the blood on his hands that wasn’t even there.
” his little brother stuttered, his voice near hysterical and Dean could hear him breathing too fast and too shallow, “
“You spat in my eye,” a second voice, male and clearly displeased, said, “That’s not kicking my ass, that’s cheating!”
It was already pretty late and Sam had long since fallen asleep but Dean was still awake; sitting at the table, sipping at his beer and staring into the darkness.
It was an awkward meal. Both teenagers still watching him like hawks, Cas and Dean making stilted conversation about a potential Coven down in Wichita that someone named Donna had called in and which Bobby was apparently currently checking out with her, Eileen occasionally butting in with a one-handed sign, while Sam made sure to appear wholly engrossed in his food, not that anyone was paying attention to him, anyway, but considering how the day had gone so far, Sam found, he really didn’t mind. It wasn’t until all the pancakes were gone and Sam helped Dean clean up the kitchen that Dean acknowledged him.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” They knew too little about Mary’s death to know what had really happened that night.
The knocks on the door had gotten less and less frequent, less and less insistent, Dean’s voice through the door more like distant reminder of the world beyond this room than a genuine call for dinner, almost like he didn’t even expect Sam to answer anymore. He probably didn’t.
“Excuse me?”
“Yes, he did.”
“So,” the sheriff prompted when they’d reached the kitchen. She waved a hand at the table and Sam sat down while she opened the fridge and got out two beers, handing one to Sam, who muttered his thanks. “Bobby says he hasn’t seen you in a while.”
“We had a fight, ok? It was stupid and unnecessary and then he took off.”
“No karaoke?”
They followed her inside and she smiled at the Winchester brothers.
Dean brought over four plates at once, carefully setting them down on the table, while Cas got the others. “That’s my brother, Sam. Sam, meet the kids, Claire and Ben.”
They walked inside, past families sitting on benches, eating ice cream and sandwiches. Adam still had that glimmer in his eyes, like a child on Christmas eve, while Cas looked nothing but professional. Dean wondered if he had been to amusement parks in his childhood. Probably, yes.
Dean froze. “What?”
The Vampire was standing in front of him. It was merely a presence that Dean could feel but it was enough. With one swift, precise kick, he pushed the Vampire back against the wall of the tunnel, the machete already raised to –
He offered both him and Sam a beer.
“Well the alternative would be to send the kid off with Jo, you know that,” Bobby grumbled.
Sam stayed quiet, obviously not convinced.
They sat in the Impala and Dean felt like a big weight had been lifted from his shoulders when he saw Cas smile at him.
“What happened to you?”
There was no room for argument in Bobby’s voice or face and Sam was too tired to try anyway. It was easier to just do as he was told. The water was hot against his skin, clearing his head and washing away the sweat of the last few days, but still he avoided the mirror, not sure what he would see.
- we started Hunting together after that,” Dean ended the story, “Cas surely knows a few tricks, got good connections, too. Did dad ever mention the Roadhouse to you?” Sam shook his head. “Yeah, he wouldn’t have. Ellen Harvelle runs it together with her daughter Jo. Ellen’s husband, Bill, was a Hunter too. Friend of dad. He died over ten years ago on a Hunt with dad. Apparently, it was dad’s fault.”
“Yeah? You’ll have to make it for me sometime, it sounds good,” Dean says cockily, cringing right after he says it. It’s instant ramen, man. Pull yourself together.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers, barely audible over the beeps of Cas’ heart rate monitor. Cas grunts.
“Dean,” Cas starts, like he’s going to talk Dean out of something he’s been preparing for weeks. Fat chance, buddy. He’s on a roll.
“Not into the half-off special, huh,” Dean says. It’s not all the way a joke, more like a piece of flesh Dean’s sloughed off and laid in front of him.
“Yeah, Cas, I know, don’t insult the chicken guy. But Jesus, ten packages of chicken? What’s he trying to do, remake the thing?”
“Alright,” Cas says as he chases after Dean’s face, trying to kiss him again. Dean puts his hand on Cas’ chest to hold him back.
A man in an ill-fitting suit comes to rest on the wall near the cube. He’s shorter, with dark hair and a slightly patchy beard. Cas ransacks his internal data banks looking for similarities, but blessedly finds none. Just an office worker on a break, looking at a serial killer in a glass box. He goes to kick the glass, but finds he can’t. Wonderful.
“Can’t blame a guy for trying to communicate,” Crowley says. He looks up at Cas with a smirk and Cas gets the feeling that this is a man who usually gets what he wants. He resolves not to give it to him.
do it, if you’re so sure?” he snapped and joined Chris and the doctor in the lab, leaving Sam standing in the corridor with Ruby.
“Yes, genius. What the hell happened here?” she asked and readily took the flask from Cas to drink. Nothing happened.
“He’s right,” Sam said, looking at Adam in astonishment, “That way we can at least make it to the next town.”
“I’m okay, Bobby,” Cas answered.
“I’ve missed this,” Sam found himself saying once the last tune of the song had faded out.
“You’ve changed,” was what came out of his mouth.
“Yeah, listen, you don’t have to – I don’t want to – I’ll just find a motel.”
“Let’s get to my place, try an’ make some sense of this,” Bobby suggested and since no one seemed to have a better idea they all got into the cars and drove to South Dakota.
.” Sam imagined Bobby nodding, “
Without giving the other man any time to react, Dean went into reverse and accelerated. He saw the men raising their guns, aiming at the car, “Down!” he yelled quickly and turned the car around. Shots went off and he was pretty sure that he ran something or someone over but he didn’t care. All that mattered was that they got away from those maniacs as soon as possible.
“It’s Sam. Cas…I saw him?”
“Would you say you would still be alive if he had been there?”
“Why? Because you and your family made his life hell. I’m sorry to say this but I think he just wants revenge for what you did to him.”
“Not like this. It was
“Dean?”
“Dean, don’t,” Sam croaked.
Silence again, as they drove on out of California, past a shabby hotel. Dean rubbed the back of his neck, “I dunno, man, it’s just…I’m worried, y’know? “
“Did you know about this?” their father barked as soon as he saw his older son.
“Now,” Dean started, “We get ourselves some grub and beer and tomorrow we start questioning the widows.”
Lenore shook her head, “No,” she answered, “But I know who leads the Pack. Barbara Jackson.”
It took them a few hours to get to the small town Sam was apparently living in now. Dean had tried calling their dad a few times but only gotten his voicemail.
“Shit.”
Cas was right of course, not that Dean would admit that. In fact, his thoughts had already drifted off again and he was wondering what a Demon might possibly want with a bunch of humans.
The receptionist nodded solemnly. “I just hope she’s okay.”
They had just driven off the parking lot of the motel when Cas called Bobby, “Bobby, it’s me,” he said, “I know sorry. It’s important. Dean had a…vision – I would have explained that if you had let me speak – it’s about Sam. We believe that he is in Cold Oak, South Dakota, we’re headed there right now.”
“All good,” Dean replied, “She’s gonna be fine. Gave a number to call, in case she needs anything. How’d it go?” The question was directed at Benny.
“Hey man. Nice shirt,” Dean greeted the boy.
“He’ll be okay, I promise. Kids are much stronger than we give ‘em credit for.” He was speaking from experience on that one.
“Dean?” Cas asked, slowly getting out of the chair.
Sam stared at his brother, wondering if he was drunk or maybe hallucinating. He had to be. There was no way Dean – the guy who’d given him a beer and an awkward slap on the back after his first real heart break at 16 – was suddenly being thoughtful and understanding and, dare he say, emotional.
“You mean why did I kill mommy and pretty, little Jess?” the Demon sneered, “You want to know why? Because they got in the way.”
“What if he did?” Dean had almost forgotten that Adam was there as well. Still sitting on the bed, looking up at Dean with wide eyes. “What would you do?”
“Max,” Alice said weakly and Dean quickly stepped in front of her.
Suddenly, Cas was flung across the room. Dean could see the Hunter’s head hitting the kitchen counter, and it took him everything not to cry out and run for Cas’ help.
Dean watched the landscape flying by and turned up the radio.
It was useless. All of it was useless.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been staring at the house, his mind filled with only white noise and a growing feeling of helplessness, when a car pulled up next to him.
“Right.”
“It means,” Sam began, “That I think you don’t want to find him. Not really. You’ve got Cas, and if dad’s back he won’t be happy about that and you know it. I think you’re scared.”
“We’re not here to hurt you,” Dean repeated, he had his hands raised in a placating gesture, making sure to keep them where she could see them, telegraphing his movements as he stepped back just a bit, “We just wanna talk.”
“It’s nothing. Just a nightmare.”
For a second he considered joining Bobby and Jody, but the thought better of it. They looked happy enough without him third-wheeling and not for the first time he wondered what the hell he was even doing. Why had he come? It was clear that Dean didn’t care about him anymore, neither did Bobby. There was nothing here for him except painful memories and a distant might-have-been. What if Sam had reached out earlier? What if Dean had come to him to look for dad? What if Sam had never left? It was pointless, of course. Daydreams wouldn’t fix the lie that had become his life, but he also couldn’t go back. There was nothing there for him either.
“Are you taking his side now?” Claire butted in from the sidelines, her vice and signs barely concealing her anger, “He tried to attack Cas –”
“That’s not the point, Dean. They all felt guilt,” Cas explained calmly.
They made quick work of the ropes, gently untying her blindfold and gag, and while Sam helped her drink some water, Dean took a closer look at the rest of the cabin, just in case there were any surprises waiting in the shadows.
“What, and you just let him go?” Dean asked in disbelief.
“Yes. I found it by the bed.”
“Why do you do it then? If it’s so awful?” Adam asked and Dean actually had to take a moment to think about that. Why
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas asked after thirty minutes of tension.
Dean ended the call and while before everything had seemed too slow, now it was too fast, the room was spinning around him and Dean with it. He saw Cas’ shirt carelessly thrown on the floor, a single sock hanging from the lamp on the bedside table, a half drunken beer next to the book Cas had been reading the previous night.
“Suit yourself.”
“Dean, what’s going on?” Sam asked concerned. “What’s Cas doing?”
“Awesome,” Dean muttered, stepping closer, “Remind me to build something like this when we get back.”
“I know, Sammy. I know…” Without thinking about, Dean stood up and stepped closer to his brother, wrapping his arms around him, trying to shield him from a world as cruel as this, a world that would give him a wife and a child –
“What’d you want?” he asked instead.
Exhale.
Five minutes later, they all sat in the car, racing down the street through the rain, while Sam made a few calls. From what Sam had told him, he had had a nightmare, except Sam was sure that it hadn’t been just a dream but rather some sort of premonition like he had had with Jess.
“I’m still pissed at you,” Cas said eventually but his voice was soft and Dean couldn’t help but to smile back faintly.
“Yes, Matt.”
Dean blinked, a frown creasing his forehead. “Yeah, I know.”
was why he preferred Hunting with Cas, because with him he didn’t have to justify everything he did. He didn’t have to be scared to make mistakes because Cas understood. Cas would have been happy to see him. John didn’t react to Dean’s words so Dean did the next best thing he could think off and took a deep breath to calm himself down before gripping John’s arm and yanking him around. “Why
Dean helped him off the table, knocking his helmet askew as he smiled in pure, naked relief. “Got a little plastic surgery.” His smile was big and triumphant and as foreign to Castiel as the place he was trapped in, grunting and bursting with smoke.
“Be well,” Castiel bids it. The rabbit must understand, as it turns and bounds off into the forest again.
alright.
Dean sputters, and really, Cas is thankful enough to start crying right there on the spot. He won’t though. He just shrugs.
“I might have feelings for you, Cas. Uh, romantic. The romantic sort of feelings. I’m sorry,” Dean says quickly. He’s looking at his pants, at his hands squeezing the fabric past its stretching point. “I can’t keep living here and not acknowledging it. I think I’ve had them since - since before, too. You and Cassie. Uh, both of you. I - I have to know if. If you feel the same.”
“That was at university, Dean,” he reminds him primly, enjoying the laugh he gets from Dean in return. Cas smiles at Sam, mouth closed, eyes bright.
Cas nods. He wishes this were over. He wishes he was out of this glass box.
“Please just say it, Cas,” Dean whispers. He really can’t take much more of this. He’s pretty sure he has a heart condition.
They sway slightly in the flickering lights of the bathroom, and in that moment Cas thinks he’s living a life too nice to be his. He remembers a deal he once made concerning something like this, his being happy. He remembers that poor bastard who made it, so certain that he would never get what he wants and survive it too.
“I have another box in the garage fridge because I knew this would happen,” Dean is saying. “Don’t eat everything else on this table while I’m gone,” he finishes, glaring at him in a half-serious way. Then, with one flash of his waist apron, he disappears.
There’s the Drive Inn just on the edge of Nebraska, which has shitty air conditioning but has free water bottles in the rooms. Then there’s the Motel Zed on the edge of the highway, which is weirdly named but has burgundy carpets in their rooms — very handy in case someone is bleeding out. There is the shitty Motel 6 by the old DVD rental store, but the beds always have crumbs in them. Dean’s sure as hell not putting them there.
Dean’s brain sings. Which is true, but not necessarily something to be happy about.
“He’s nesting,” Cas says, confirming something to himself.
“Jack,” Cas says, foreseeing a potential teachable moment as it rolls right at him like a freight train. He channels Dean and puts a hand on Jack’s shoulder. It’s just a shoulder pat, but he hopes it’ll do. “It’s okay. Everything’s fine.”
Cas smiles. Dean can hear it more than he can see it as the light leaves their side of the Earth completely. So when he hears a deep inhale and a heavy weight on his shoulder, he gently leans his head against it. Cas swallows and swallows and swallows next to him.
When your pie is ready to come out of the oven, take it out with shaking hands and place it on the stovetop to cool down. Leave the pie to sit for a while, and watch over your family to make sure they don’t take a slice when it’s too hot. Cut into the pie after a hearty dinner of roasted asparagus and shepherd’s pie, and your whole family will watch you cut into it, and as you cut it, you see that it is perfect, and you’ve done the best you’ve ever done. You are grateful that you are alive to see this pie come out of the oven and that you are alive to see your family eat it in front of you. You take a bite after everyone else has scraped their plates clean. It is good.
“I’m kinda over watching some guy’s spleen being thrown across the room,” Dean says, smiling.
“No,” Cas says. “Not always.” Cas turns to stare at the wall beyond Dean’s head, and in the cool blue light, it is like someone had just carved him out of stone. Like he is trapped deep under the surface of his own skin.
“What?” Cas whispers. His thoughts of packing and gangs drift away. His arm is squeezing the armchair’s armrest so hard he can feel the wood crack underneath the upholstery. “Uh?”
“Jeez, I thought we were done with this in ‘43,” Sam calls from the open window. He honks again, longer. “Let’s go!”
He shivers. He must be better at visualizing than he thought. If he thinks really hard, he can feel a breeze like the ones he felt back at the Bunker 一warm and comforting and smelling like damp green earth. Sometimes he would smell the river nearby, the small molecules that make up the fish in it.
“Jeez, Cas,” Dean says, breathing deeply against his beating heart. Cas tilts his head tiredly and doesn’t say anything. Dean thinks about trying the movie thing again — it’s just a movie, we could watch it in the Dean Cave in silence, I swear you wouldn’t have to say a word — before Cas walks up to him and places a hand on his shoulder.
He uses his non-existent lungs to take a deep breath. Wow, the smells are even similar. If it’s all going to be this easy, then he’ll have no problem trying to entertain himself for eternity.
“You sure you’re doing it right?” Dean says eventually, the moment shattered. Castiel rolls his eyes.
“It’s a crime to want him to live past fifty, it seems,” Cas says, rolling his eyes purely for show, the way a housewife on a sitcom tells her husband to do the dishes. “I hate to admit that I’ve become fond of him.”
Their guests leave a couple hours later, armed with most of the leftovers and about a dozen of Dean’s chocolate chip cookies to get them home safe.
He holds his hands out wordlessly and waits for Dean to hand him some of his favorite heirloom tomatoes and a sharp knife, and he cuts them into thin slices. He heaps them carefully on a plate and rips a pile of romaine into handfuls next.
“Cas,” Dean says quietly. His throat is moving like he’s swallowing hard over and over again. “I.”
“You remember when you rescued me from that vision Zachariah put me into? 2009 or so?” Dean says.
“I’m Fergus Crowley, I’m a part of SHIELD’s investigative division. Me and you are going to have a little chat about motivations, hm?” The man - Crowley? - motions his head to someone, and a young woman of considerable height and strength comes over to the cart that moves Cas’ cube and starts pressing buttons. Cas jerks as he feels the wheels engage under him, and he is then being escorted to a large door on the other side of the airplane hanger.
“Cas?” Dean says gently, somehow much closer since Cas saw him across the kitchen a second ago. A pair of calloused hands gently pry his arm off his face, revealing a heartbroken Dean Winchester. “I’m sorry, Cas. You know none of that was because of you, because believe me, I wanted to. Especially with you.
He would not admit it to present company, but cooking feels good to Dean. He likes being able to create whatever his family wants specifically for them, likes seeing their faces when he nails it. He likes sitting at the table and reading whatever paperback he found at Goodwill while a soup is bubbling or a roast is roasting or something is marinating in the fridge. He likes washing dishes, even as he complains about it. What the other occupants of the bunker don’t know is that Dean would work for hours for them, quietly, deep in the kitchen overnight. He will pass the final product off as no big deal, despite it taking him eleven hours and very little sleep. If Jack requests a lasagna for his first meal home, and Dean isn’t doing anything that day, and he found a perfect recipe from Giada, then who gives a crap.
“Hey Cas,” he hears Dean say next to him. He is eternally grateful that his brain has perfectly matched Dean’s cadence too. He’s glad for that because he doesn’t want the last thing he hears of Dean to be him saying his name in despair. If he turns, he bets he’ll see Dean wearing that waist apron and his dirty towel, smiling like he does. He wonders if his memory can construct an image of Cas kissing him.
“I just never realised how he acts around you, Cas. It’s sweet,” Jody says, nodding toward where Dean is yelling at Claire to grab his umbrella. “If I were you, I might just pursue that avenue. I know Dean can seem like a pretty hard-headed dude, but he’s a softie under it all.”
“Great. I am just telling you, Dean. You don’t have to be nice to me because of my feelings.”
Dean turns to Cas, who has just been happy to watch this unfold, and says “What do you think?” His eyes are very beautiful in the late afternoon sun. Cas is, as always, completely overwhelmed.
He chops the red onions into thin rings. He forgets why Dean always has him chop them but remembers when his eyes start welling up. He sucks a breath through his teeth and wipes his eyes on his arm, holding it there for a second to let the itching in his eyes calm down. He breathes gently. All is dark.
“Cas?”
“Well, I can tell you this,” Jody says. “Your guys’ relationship was pretty freakin’ bad in the past. That, though? That’s the worst it’ll be. I guarantee you. That ship has sailed.”
Cas swallows his last bit of cornbread and sucks the butter off his fingers. Sam smiles at the look of consternation on his face. Cas turns and watches him for a second, eyes squinted.
“Good, because it-,” Dean starts.
There’s a brief moment, right before Dean kisses him, that the thought comes:
“I’m fine, Cas.”
Castiel nods his head seriously. “The shrimp.”
“He did,” Cas says neutrally, but Sam has known Cas for a long time. Cas curls his finger around his glass, watching the condensation disappear under his fingertips. “I missed him too.”
See, it’s not fair to get mad at Cas for not returning his feelings. It’s probably weird for him, like watching a bug love a fish. It’s so inconsequential it’s almost laughable. He does his deep breaths. He lets go of his little cold pearl of anger. The car smells like Cas’ cologne.
Cas’ eyes crinkle when he smiles. Cas turns to look out the window and Dean can see the outline of it on his profile — he sees it in the wrinkles near his eye, the movement of his cheekbone.
Cas shakes his head minutely, so Sam heads to the doctor and hovers his hands awkwardly over his shuddering back.
Cas’ eyes are closed next to him, listening. Dean can see the pulse fluttering in his neck and feels very, very warm all of a sudden. He rolls down the window and cool air floods into the front seat and it ruffles through the curls in Cas’ hair and Dean can live and die here in the car next to Cas, knowing Sam and Jack are safe. It’s enough to make him want to. It makes him want to. The feeling curls in his chest like a virus, like a root.
Dean always announces himself before he enters a room, like somehow Cas wouldn’t have guessed it was him. Cas supposes it’s for good reason, as the first time Dean burst in on him without knocking he almost tackled him to the ground. It’s much more peaceful this way.
It’s an incredibly warm occasion. Even if Dean weren’t next to him, resting his arm across the back of his seat when he’s listening to Jody’s story about Miami or brushing past him when he’s grabbing a jalapeño popper, he’d feel close to bursting with the almost-biblical joy he feels.
“Why don’t you three get out of the car?” the man continued and somewhere in Dean’s head his alarm bells went.
“That is my name.” Cas voice was dry and flat and, impossibly so, even deeper than usually. Sam ignored it.
And there was nowhere else for Sam to go, and some part of him wanted to get to know his brother again, wanted to learn about all the things he’d missed out in, wanted to get his family back.
“Find anything?” Dean asked as a greeting.
Jody smiled. “Not the kind you’re thinking of, probably,” she answered, “Bobby’s only ever been the town drunk and local troublemaker. I caught him doing something weird one too many times and he explained. Didn’t believe a word he said, of course, ‘til I stood face to face with a Demon possessing my husband, and even then – it took me a while, but I got there eventually. Been keeping an eye out ever since.”
“Well, we gonna go back inside or what?” Bobby asked and Dean nodded tersely.
The Bunker seemed a lot livelier than it had a few days ago, voices and laughter sounded through the hallways and music coming from the kitchen. Sam recognized Claire and the two kids from the nightshift together with a few others preparing food at the counter as he walked past. Benny, the bartender, was sitting at the Network Station, as were Jo and Charlie. Several people Sam thought he’d seen in the Roadhouse were lounging around the map table. In the library, Bobby was talking to Eileen. And there was Dean. And Cas. Sam stopped in his tracks, watching them. Both men were leaning over a table covered in books and documents, heads mere inches apart and exchanging soft hums and minute nods, their fingers gracing as they occasionally pointed at something, neither paying any attention to the world around them, and – and they were smiling. They were smiling like the other was the most beautiful thing in the universe, the only thing in the world that mattered, their eyes soft and bright, and for the first time since he’d gotten here, Sam thought he understood. There was something there between them that ran deep and strong, a bond spanning years of fighting and bleeding and nearly dying for each other. With each other.
“It was pretty crowded but I don’t think that’s it,” Bobby spoke up.
The body – the meatsuit – dropped to the ground with a soft thud, all trades of smoke gone, and Sam was standing next to Sam, panting, his eyes fixed on the motionless body before slowly looking at Dean.
“What are we going to do?”
“Morning, nerd.”
“Probably. I think he wants us to go there.”
“Dinner?”
“Wh – no! No, I wasn’t –” Sam began to protest but interrupted himself when he saw the rather unimpressed look on Cas’ face, “Coffee’s fine.”
“We got company!” Bobby shouted back, leading Sam into a kitchen.
“Great, let’s go,” Dean said turning towards the two boys, “You two, whatever happens, stay inside the circle. Matt, get something made of iron and hit anything that moves.”
“Yes,” Cas says, leaning his head into Dean’s palms. “I hear you.”
Cas’ stomach sinks. Jody shouldn’t make guarantees for claims she can’t prove. He swallows hard.
“Sorry to interrupt. Luckily, you’ll be spending a lot of quality time with one specific creature. We’re having ribs and baked beans for dinner,” Dean says. “You coming?”
Castiel had thought he was too old to get embarrassed. Apparently not.
Three Graves Lanes obviously had its heyday in the ‘90s, covered in blinking neon signs and big, faded billboards. Dean hasn’t been to a lot of bowling alleys and only vaguely remembers back-to-school-specials featuring peppy kids getting drugs sold to them behind these, but this is about what he would expect.
Sam, on the other hand, is one of those men that people cross the street to get away from at night. He’s tall and he’s broad, so when people see his silhouette they tend to think he’s dangerous. Sam despises this.
,” Crowley says, evidently enjoying the reaction he is provoking in Castiel. He is just a dog after all. Say the words and he comes running. He keeps punching the glass, less out of will and just out of reflex.
“Hold on, hold on,” Dean says, grabbing the cart and moving it to the fruit aisle. He plonks them down between the grapefruits and the oranges, where there’s a brief respite in the crowd. He waves the soccer mom by them, which she rolls her eyes at. Whatever.
After the movie ended, everyone in the bunker moves silently to their separate rooms. Dean unbuttons Cas’ shirt and peels it off of him slowly, nakedly enjoying his shoulders and chest. They put some laundry on and brush their teeth next to each other and now they are just resting, looking at each other in the dark, not so much waiting for sleep to come but not minding its return. It’s late.
“We got time now, is what I’m saying,” Dean says. Cas looks over at him. He’s already looking back, eyes pleading with something Cas can’t name. “I already told SHIELD and the Avengers that I’m taking a hiatus for the current future.”
“Anyway. Seeing you and that stupid trenchcoat when you brought me back was one of the best moments of my life,” Dean muses. “I have no idea how you found me, but you found me. Thanks for that, by the way.”
had a very specific connotation here, one even Cas couldn’t miss. It meant
“This doesn’t have to end in a fight, Cas,” Dean says. His voice is deep and gravelly and desperate. Castiel has heard his name said by this man a thousand different ways. He’s been susceptible to every single one.
He might still. There might be a limit to this happiness. If there is, he wants to find it. Let him die and know that he died because there was no other choice, that he died finally in a way he wants. With Dean by his side. With people he loves around him. He stares at each of them and feels immense gratitude that they’ve returned to him, feeling almost like he has been forgiven.
“Thank you for coming with me, Dean,” Cas says finally. He is earnest in a way that hurts to look at. “I’ve wanted this for a while. I am glad it was with you.”
He liked her well enough, he supposes. She and Dean had a lot in common; both willing to get dirty for a good cause, both with a sparkling dry wit. When they were in a room together, talking and joking and gazing at each other, you could almost see the sparks catching in the space between them, threatening to consume them both.
“Jack and I are staying in the bunker.”
, is much more filled out, and the asset reads how they met, how Castiel saved Dean and Sam from school bullies, how they would sit on the curb next to him every day after. How Dean would try and get Castiel to date girls from their school, how that would fail, how they would all sit and talk and read in the Winchester’s dark, empty house.
, he thinks. He shakes his metal arm and all the components click back into place. He is free for the first time in eighty years. He wishes he could celebrate more. He will have to settle for washing the blood from his naked body and dressing himself in his own clothes and breathing without being told to.
“Yeah, sure, Cas. Hey, do we need ground beef? Is Miracle out of food?”
“I swear to you, Cas,” Dean says. He’s urgent with something, something loose jittering inside him. “We’ll beat him, and we’ll finally live our lives like we want. Hell, what did you think about that bar? From before?”
Dean tries to imagine a life without monsters, a life on a farm, like the one Cain had. Some chickens, maybe some sheep. Dean might only have one rifle, hung over the door, for when the coyotes try to get his hens. Sam could maybe pop in every so often, eat enough for four people before staggering home.
“Hey Castiel. Hey Jack,” Kaia says in a quiet voice. Cas gives her a very solemn nod in hello, and she nods back sheepishly. Jack perks up next to Cas.
, Dean thinks. Cas’ lips are right there and everything.
“I love you,” Dean gasps, and the tears he was holding back slip down his face in streams. Dean leans in to kiss Cas, and he slides his hands down Cas’ face and onto his chest. “I love you.”
face on this side of the planet.
Dean surveys Cas digging through the box like a raccoon. Maybe he’ll pick up some Tchaikovsky next time he’s at that record store near Kansas City. They have a little cassette section. Maybe whatever Cas picks, he’ll get more of that too.
“Even to save the world?” Dean says, which is a low blow. But he has to know.
Dean stopped.
He gets up quickly. He hasn’t made eye contact yeat.
Of course there is. There has never been a time where Dean hasn’t been changing in some small way. Every inch of him is constantly shedding or twisting or mutating. He thinks if he looked long enough at his fingerprints, he would see them switch patterns — whorls to spirals to curls. Dean feels like Cas is often the instigator for a lot of that change. Asshole. Mouth breather.
,” the asset says. Ready to comply.
“Reports of MSG poisoning are highly exaggerated,” Cas says. Cas’ expression never really gets all the way to smug, but he gets 95% there.
“You have to walk that line, which can be difficult. You and Dean seem like pretty straightforward guys though, I have all the faith in the world in you two,” Ellie says, slapping a sticker on the package and looking up finally. “Anything else?”
,” Crowley begins. Castiel’s metal arm tenses up in the holster. Of course. There was no other way.
“I’ll say,” Dean says, smiling back. There’s a beat, and Dean balls his hands in his jeans.
“Nah,” Dean says. “Big day tomorrow. Gotta pack for Tucson.” He hits Castiel’s shoulder, less gentle than before. “That lamia ain’t gonna gank itself.”
“Hey Sammy,” Dean says, straightening up. He has a mysterious substance staining his shirt dark grey down the front. Sam thinks it might be butter. “I made dinner for the next few weeks.”
Sam managed to burn the bones before anyone got hurt, but a bad hunt has a lasting effect on all of them. Like a mark you can’t quite wash off, or a bruise you can’t stop pushing on.
“Thanks Jody,” Dean says, his smile a little wobbly. “Been a long time coming.”
“Dean,” Cas says in astonishment. Dean’s bristled up like a bear, leaning towards him with wide, unblinking eyes. The chair starts to creak ominously under his weight.
“Although,” Dean repeats, waiting for the kicker. The door Cas keeps open for himself to leave him through.
He shakes his head against the thought. Dean and Sam have never been his owners. They were his friends and they would help him no matter what. He thinks this as loud as he can until it tunes out everything else. He is not a dog. He is not owned.
“Dean,” Cas says. Dean looks at him and sees the whites of Cas’ eyes, like a spooked horse. “I promise you that that couldn’t be further from the truth.”
Dean, as he’s admitted into Cas’ shoulder some nights, is afraid of Cas leaving. Cas understands this too. He’s long been something of a “flight risk” in their relationship. Sometimes things, and Dean, are easier to look at from a distance. Sometimes he still could see the sheen of Dean Winchester’s soul in his rearview even a hundred miles away. He ran then because he could and no one was stopping him. He’s been stopped now, quite permanently. There’s no force in Heaven or Earth that could make him leave now.
“Looks like we’re in business,” Dean commented, leaning forward in his seat while the shadows behind the smudged windows started moving – one, two, three, four people walking around the hut, oblivious to their audience.
“Insurance agency.”
“Yeah, porn magazines.” Sam snored. “Anyway, there’s this story about the first English colony in 1587. Roanoke Colony, nowadays known as the Lost Colony. No one knows what happened, just that everyone vanished overnight and the only thing left was a word. Croatoan.”
“Relax,” Lisa laughed, “It’ll be fine.”
Sam opened and closed his mouth a few times, trying to find the right words, before giving up and simply nodding his head in understanding. It must have been good enough for Cas, because he finally sat back down at the desk. Sam turned to the map table, Claire and Ben still giving him piercing glares, while Eileen smiled. It was a small, barely-there thing, but it meant the world to Sam, calming some of the raging anxiety inside of him as he took a seat across from her.
“Has anyone ever told you that eavesdropping is rude,” Dean remarked and Adam smirked.
“I forgive you, Sam. I do.”
Ash nodded. “Yeah, you know him?”
“Cas?” Dean called out and with that the spell was broken.
“Nah, but it’s fine,” answered Dean, waving him off and completely ignoring Sam’s frown, “Benny and Lenore are on their—” Dean was interrupted by a knock on the window, making Sam jump and reach for a weapon that wasn’t there. He needn’t have worried. Standing next to the car, was Benny and a woman Sam didn’t know, both smiling.
“What?”
But instead of answering, Sam just nodded towards the corridor and Dean followed his brother outside.
“You okay?” Sam asked, without looking away from John.
“I’m not gonna kill you. Or anyone.”
Something shifted on his right but Dean didn’t move, he knew better than that. They were playing a game and he refused to lose. A shadow scurried past him, a whooshing sound, a draft and suddenly something – no someone – was directly in front of him but Dean had been waiting for exactly that moment and he charged.
“It’s okay Cas,” Dean interrupted his boyfriend and then turned back to the kid, “Mum died when I was four. A Demon came into our house. It killed her.”
“When?” Sam asked, his voice flat and devoid of any emotions.
Sam’s eyes snapped over to Dean at the sound those last words, but Dean was still pointedly not looking back at him, still staring at something in the middle distance, or perhaps reliving the memories of this past they did not share.
“I don’t like that tone of yours, boy,” John threatened, before taking a deep breath, “But I admit, this probably isn’t your fault. I’m sorry.”
“How? How could you have possibly done that?”
“Loads of stuff,” the boy answered and took a big bite, before listing a million things he liked. “- oh and there’s this really sweet ride just up the road. A ’67 Chevy Impala!”
John shook his head while attempting to stand up.
“Dean,” he said eventually.
The next time, Sam had a premonition, was a few months later in early September in Guthrie, Oklahoma.
“We got rid of the booze in this place,” Bobby announced, as if Sam wasn’t ignoring him, “Drinkin’ ain’t gonna help anything. I should know. Tried that for most of my life. Quit when Dean landed himself in the hospital after chugging a fuckin’ liquor store. Good thing, too. Probably wouldn’t’ve made it much longer otherwise, but now here I am, and I’m tellin’ ya that you need to get your act together ‘cause I sure as hell ain’t watching another one of you boys go down that road.”
The first thing they saw when arriving in Cold Oak was a blonde woman dangling from the water tower.
“Alright, you’re on speaker,” Dean announced, “Hit me.”
At some point, Dean must have fallen asleep because when he opened his eyes again, it was already getting dark. He stood up with a groan; Cas and Adam weren’t back yet. Dean took his phone, a bottle of beer and the pack of cigarettes and went outside to smoke.
“I dunno, some sort of telekinesis.” Sam answered.
“Yeah, he does that.”
“Could be nothing,” Sam pointed out.
“Huh?”
Cas turned his head to look at the other Hunter. “Shouldn’t I be asking you that?”
John Winchester stood there, half in the shadow, looking at them.
Dean threw a helpless look towards Cas who didn’t seem to know what to do either.
“This is it?” Sam asked, looked over at the building with a strange sense of trepidation.
So, Dean started with the first thing that came to his mind. The night he had met Cas. He told Sam how he had gone to that bar and ended up in Cas’ bed. It wasn’t exactly easy talking about it; he had never had to before but he realized that this was something Sam needed and, as the big brother, it was his job to give that to him.
“I’m fine.”
“Shit.”
Sam hummed non-committedly, his eyes still glued to the wall with the sign. There were pictures stuck underneath it.
“Families with infants?”
In the photo, both Ben and Claire looked younger than they currently were. Proper teenagers. Ben looked like he was still dealing with his acne, his limbs too long for his body, his hair floppy and unkempt, while Claire was sporting braces and drowning in a leather jacket that must have been stolen from Dean. They looked happy, though, all four grinning at the camera, arms thrown over each other’s shoulders.
“You can stop looking for her. I know where she is.”
Cas took Adam with him to see the houses of James Jayden and Ferhad Baitan, while Dean took the other two.
“Cas! Dean!”
“A tree? I think.”
“Complicated. We didn’t like each other particularly.”
“Now, last but not least. Bela Talbot.”
“Do you remember this man?” he reached into his pocket and drew out a picture of Julian Jackson. Kelly took it to look at it with a frown, before shaking her head.
“Yeah, Sammy, it’s me. How’re ya holding up, man?”
“Hello, we’re looking for Mr. Baker. We’re with the FBI.”
Sam nodded “Alright.”
The first house on the list belonged to the now widow of Jack Serendel, a forty-year-old tax accountant, living the American Dream. Dean gagged mentally as he walked up to the front door.
When they were back in town, the first thing Dean noticed was how empty it was. How quiet. Something was definitely off. They drove past cars standing in the middle of the street, some engines still running; all of them empty. Smashed windows in stores and cafes, bloodstains on the pavement and –
“Holy shit, what happened here?” Adam asked, his eyes wide as he stared at the body. No one bothered to actually give an answer to that so they just turned away towards the house behind them. There was something about it that made Dean very uneasy, something that smelled like Sulphur, almost causing him to gag.
“Yeah, but I’m your –”
“Jo?” he asked in disbelief, relaxing slightly but still, he didn’t lower the gun. He saw that Cas slowly pulled out a flask with Holy Water, while Jo’s attention was still on Dean.
“Well at least we know that this is not connected to the house but to the family,” Cas said after a long moment of uncomfortable silence.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Or maybe it doesn’t matter because doing something for yourself and yourself only without considering the impact it has on others, does not automatically mean doing something bad or wrong. Being selfish is what keeps us alive.”
“Sam, this is Charlie Bradbury,” Jody introduced, “She gets excited very easily.”
.” Dean had raised his voice on the last words but of course Gordon wasn’t impressed.
“Cas is right,” Eileen spoke up and Sam quickly turned his head to look at her, “Dean does talk a lot about you. He said you’re a lawyer?”
“Her name’s Lenore,” Dean explained, “She’s a Vampire.”
“That was a mistake,” Dean muttered embarrassed at the memory.
“Dean!” Adam urged him but Dean had already seen it. Two men, dragging a woman out of a house by her hair, one of them holding a bloody knife.
“How is he?”
Dean nodded and they all took a deep breath to calm down. It was Sam that broke the silence first.
“Andrea?” The praying women had stopped and was now looking at the women they brought in.
“Do you want to talk now?” Cas asked casually, eyes fixed on the road, but Dean knew that his full attention was on the Hunter next to him. For a while, Dean didn’t answer but that was okay; Cas would wait.
For a second, just one second, Dean wanted to ask what Demon, except he already knew, didn’t he? There was just one Demon out there that could make his brother react like that. The world kind of tipped, then, and time seemed to stop as Dean’s blood froze in his veins –
“We wait some more. I’m not sure I like where this is going.”
sounds like something a real gentleman would do,” Lisa muttered fondly and set down a plate on the table with sandwiches; the look she gave Dean, made it clear that the words were mostly directed at him.
“Yes.”
Yet again, Osiris waved his hand and Jess was gone and Sam was full on crying now, his body shaking as he tried to control his breathing and Dean…Dean knew what his sentence would be.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Saved you? From what?”
They met Andy Gallagher, and although he was a strange kid, Dean actually liked him but that whole thing with Sam’s visions still freaked him out; no offence.
Sam house…well…
“How?” Sam asked incredulously.
“I saw you, Dean. We were here, in this building and there was this kid, a boy, he was bound to a chair, begging for his life but you just…” the end of the sentence hang in the air like a bad omen and Dean tried to wrap his head around all of this.
“Feel free to elaborate.”
After getting in the Impala, they followed John through town to a small, shady motel, the kind of motel Dean would have never picked by himself.
Cherry kept chewing, seemingly bored out of her mind, before she stood up and left the room without saying a word. Dean took her place and looked up at the screens, frowning.
Sam hesitated, just for a second, just enough to see the flash of insecurity in Dean’s eyes. “Sure.”
Cas nodded and they fell silent once again. Aimlessly driving from city to city, Cas finally stopped at a motel somewhere in Colorado but he didn’t get out of the car.
“We gotta get out of here. Out of town. Contact Bobby and Ellen.” It was the only thing he could think of.
Sam looked over to his brother, taking in the hard line of his mouth, the regret in his eyes, and waited.
“Yeah, so I heard,” Sam muttered, looking down. The sheriff was still watching him, and now that the first shock had worn off, Sam thought he could hear real anger underneath Bobby’s words. “I just – I just wanted to see you, I guess.”
Song lyrics: "The Unforgiven" by Metallica and "Everybody's Broken" by Bon Jovi
“Jealous?”
He was right, of course. Dean hated it when Cas was right.
“It’s not funny, Dean.”
They rented themselves a motel room and each picked a case to research on.
“Of course, I knew,” Yellow-Eyes exclaimed with an exasperated eye-roll, “I was the one who closed the deal. Your daddy was so eager to die, he didn’t even ask for his ten years.”
“I do trust him.” It was true, if there was one person he believed in, it was Cas. “I do, but Ellen, I –” Dean’s voice failed. It was too much.
So he did. He told Cas about the darkness and the blood and the little girl. He told Cas about the feeling of power and control. About the voice in his ear.
“Stop!”
Jane had left, just like Chrissie and Zara and Dominique and Jess, and none of them were coming back.
“You could be. If you wanted to, you could be.”
There were footsteps approaching from behind, slowly and haltingly. “You boys okay?” came Bobby’s gruff voice and when Sam turned around, he saw both Bobby and Jody stand not too far away, watching with clear concern in their eyes.
“You. What do you want?” she repeated and pointed the knife at Dean before noticing what she was doing and quickly putting it aside.
“I –”
Sam blinked, forcing his focus back on Jody who was watching him with a concerned crease between her eyebrows. “Yeah, I, just – yeah I’m okay.”
“Dad, what was that? What did she want?”
“Yeah, a person that kills people. He’s no different than the other things we’ve Hunted.”
The call came on a Wednesday.
Charlie’s eyes grew wide as she looked up at Sam. “No. Fricking. Way!” she exclaimed, way too loudly and way too excitedly, “Dude! I didn’t know you were this tall!”
“For what?” Cas asked confused, finally looking up.
“What is it, Dean?” Cas asked.
Sam jumped slightly at the voice, looking over at Benny who’d appeared seemingly out of nowhere, hands stuffed into the pockets of his coat.
“Of course, she’s bleeding. Andrea attacked her, now she’s one of them, you gonna kill her too?”
“Why? So, you can worry about me some more? I don’t
“I could die any day, Cas.”
“They’re just doing their job, darling,” Lisa answered and stroked her hand over Ben’s head, before turning back to Dean, “Thanks for the offer but I think it’s best for Ben to be here. Y’know…at his home.”
“Sorry man, was just… somewhere else,” Sam says, mouthing his apology to Cas. Cas, the mensch that he is, shrugs.
A man with a shield appeared. He had green eyes. He had sandy-coloured hair. He had a chin so familiar it rocketed around Castiel Novak’s chest like it had every day since he was ten years old. He felt like this was the angel of death coming to take him home. He was grateful.
made that, and shows it to Sam. “This is a working man’s bread, Sammy. This practically deserves a friggin’ merit badge. ”
“Got that, Cas,” Dean bites back. He looks at the hot pink one that Cas was looking at before and picks that up instead. It’s pretty good. Not too heavy. It’s just pink in an unmissable way, pink like frosting, pink like the sky as they were riding down the highway.
“I— Dean, I have no idea what any of this sounds like,” Cas says. Dean scoffs.
It takes another second for both of them to disengage. A family of four is waiting to get their pack of oranges behind them.
Dean feels wrong-footed, as is usual with conversations with Cas. It’s a comfortable, familiar feeling, that initial swoop of insecurity.
Dean thinks, and sighs.
“I didn’t realize this was going to be a lengthy conversation,” Cas says, head cocked to the side.
“You would have to be careful,” Cas muses. “There’s a blue-green cyanobacteria that blooms in the water here.” He spares a glance at Dean. “Very toxic. Kills many dogs.”
Figures, the best part of the evening and some vampire decides to jump them. Well, some shitty vampire wouldn’t be a major problem, but damn would it ruin the mood.
or something. Jeez.
“I,” Cas says. He seems incapable of saying anything else. “I.”
Cas is already sitting down and yanking up his suit pants to edge off his boots when Dean gets there. Cas has pretty ripped legs for someone who doesn’t really exercise. Unless he does, Dean thinks, watching Cas’ calves flex. Maybe that’s where he goes when he disappears, to Crossfit or Soulcycle or whatever new thing he's read about on the mommy blogs.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says. Dean is wearing his waist apron and has a dirty hand towel slung over one shoulder. He’s smiling absentmindedly, the sort of smile that would disappear if you drew any attention to it.
“He also, you know, missed you a whole lot,” Sam says, biting into a chicken wing. Lemon pepper. Dean
“He’s a tough guy, Doc!” Dean says proudly, slapping Cas’ flesh shoulder. The doctor, Sam, and Cas all turn to look at him, and he retracts his arm after a second of silence.
Merry Clayton sings.
“We need to talk about something important,” Cas says. He uncrosses his arms and Dean is struck by the implication that he’s
Dean had been attacked by dogs as a child. There is one of the rare pictures of Dean Winchester and Castiel as teenagers on the Wikipedia page, and Dean had three scars running down the length of his face - thick pale ropes that twisted up his mouth and bulged out his cheeks as he smiled for the camera. The dog’s claws had caught his lungs and stomach, and he had barely survived the internal bleeding. Because of this, he had a wonky smile and a crooked nose, and couldn’t breathe too hard or else he would pass out due to scar tissue in his lungs.
“Right. Of course. I’ll see you in thirty,” Cas says, and then rushes himself out of the door. Dean watches him go.
“Of course,” Cas says, now just confused. Did Dean burn down a house? Did he buy the wrong beer?
“Do you miss it?” Dean says.
Dean isn’t stupid.
“Well,” Cas says, trying to find the words. “It’s just part of being human.” Jack scrunches up his face and Cas knows instantly it wasn’t the right thing to say.
“You guys ready to see Swayze kill some evil sons of bitches?” Dean said as he mimed shooting machine guns. Cas sighed. Dean looked at him like
Dean nods slowly. He’s dressed in his bulky grey “Dead Guy” robe and his burrito-patterned underpants that Jack got him for his birthday. He is intensely attractive, but that is a foregone conclusion.
“Not fair,” Dean says, vaguely aware he sounds like a toddler. Cas nods, turning the page of the recipe.
The Captain America that emerged had no scars. He had the high cheekbones of his long-dead mother. He had a straight nose, and a smile that curved just as he wanted it. His shoulders and chest were thick and defined, and he lost the characteristic wheezing that accompanied his every movement. He was strong and fast and handsome, always with a wink at the crowd and a beautiful woman on his arm. A miracle of science and eugenics.
“I love you,” Cas says, because he does. Dean nods.
He turns. It is, in fact, Dean, but framed in a reality-ripping portal the size of a small building. The edges of it fray and reform, like something is continually recasting a spell. Dean’s got blood all over his face, dripping from his nose and mouth and pooling onto a white t-shirt. He's got a matching bruised eye. Beyond him, the trees outside the Bunker sway in the breeze.
Cas watches him go, and nods. As Dean and Sam would say, it’s showtime.
“Dean?” Cas says, muffled. “Can I have a word?”
“Uh,” Cas says, and digs into his jacket pocket. Dean sent him off with a short list of demands and a kiss on his jaw. Cas almost forgot the note. “He says he needs two and a half pounds of beef short-rib.”
“There’s nowhere in the world I’d rather be,” says Cas. A wind comes by and ruffles his hair. His jacket flaps open.
He stumbles out of the apartment four minutes before HYDRA shows up and raids the whole building. He knows this because he watches from the street corner, enrapt at the effortless precision HYDRA officers use when planning to execute someone.
Sam gaped at his brother, struggling for words. “I – I don’t know what to say.”
He turned right.
“Sam is right,” Cas intervened, “We should talk to him. Tomorrow. We still have time to think of something until then.”
“What were we supposed to do?” Dean questioned, “We get a text message with coordinates, you’re the only one who does that, so excuse us for thinking that maybe you decided to meet up with us,” he hissed angrily; it was all he could do, not to raise his voice because
“He killed them. He killed Jim and Roger.”
“Hello? Let me in! Let me in, please!”
“What the hell?” Dean exclaimed as soon as they had put some distance between them and the road blockade. No one answered. It had been a rhetorical question anyway.
“It’s okay, Ruby,” Sam reassures her and they all walk inside while the girl named Ruby locks the door behind them.
“Okay –” Dean motioned for the kid to continue.
“Building bombs.”
They split up and Dean flirted his way through the hospital to get the birth certifications, which, admittedly, was fun.
“Fathers?” Mrs. Miller asked surprised.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Sam interrupted, trying and failing to ignore the painful twinge of his heart.
“Yeah…maybe you’re right.”
“Yeah.” Sam gulped, hoping to find the right words for what he was about to say next. “Dean, I am sorry for never calling. My problem was with dad, not you. I should have never cut you off like that, I realise that now.”
Dean let out a deep breath. “The Demon was possessing dad,” he told Sam, “I had a shot and I took it.”
“No, no, you let me go!” he struggled, trying to fight his way out of Cas’ grip although he knew that it was hopeless.
“You need to rest, Dean.”
“Cas –”
“Alright,” he answered, feeling strangely nervous about the prospect of hitting the road with his brother after 15 years, not to kill, but to save people, to truly help them. And Dean trusted him with that.
“Hey, I ain’t blamin’ you, boy,” Bobby cut him off before Sam could even come up an excuse, “You had to get away from your dad and I’m glad you did. But you can’t just waltz back in here and expect everything to be the same.” He gave Sam a meaningful look as if he knew exactly what kind of thoughts he’d been having.
“Alright.”
– and that dad would probably have a heart attack if he could see them now. Somehow, that thought mostly just made him smile.
“No, Cas.” Dean shook his head firmly. “None of this is your fault. You were trying to do the right thing, you
Dean put the phone away and looked over at his boyfriend, “What’s wrong?” he asked, “Ellen doing okay?”
“Wait, Jim? Pastor Jim?” Sam asked.
“We can’t take any risks,” big and bulky suddenly said and Dean would have very much liked to punch him. He didn’t.
“You knew, didn’t you?” Sam asked quietly, “You knew he was alive this whole time.”
“I’m all ears.”
“You are not moving to New York!” Dean slammed his hand down on the table, his voice shaking with anger. “And that’s my answer.”
“Doesn’t it?” Dean glanced over at Sam. “Doc said they were dying, now they’re not.”
Dean hummed, reaching into his duffel bag and pulling out a map of the town and a marker.
“Dad?”
“Take a machete,” he told Sam, “But don’t go in for the kill—”
Dean nodded, “Where’s she live?” he asked.
Back at the motel, Dean took a shower and thought about the previous months. Four months, to be exact. Four months, since Jess had died. Four months since he and Sam were back together as a family again. Four months of searching for their father and the Demon and they were still not any closer to either of those. Sam was still quiet but it was different this time, calculated, like he was working on something. Planning his revenge.
“I know,” Dean replied. Sam dared a side-glance at him, but his brother’s eyes were fixed on the road ahead. “I was angry at first, don’t get me wrong,” Dean went on, “I – Sam, I was jealous, okay?”
“Fuck!”
The look in Dean’s eyes was calculating, and it hit Sam that his brother didn’t trust him, didn’t want to give up too much information out of fear of what Sam might do with it.
“You sure about this?” Dean asked while he started the car.
The crisp air outside burned in his lungs as Sam’s legs pounded against the hard ground. It was by far not the first morning jog he’d had, but he always made sure to stay on the path winding around the Bunker, lest he get lost in the woods while he allowed his mind to shut off and his body to take over.
Cas smiled. He, too, was crying but he smiled and Dean could feel a ton of weight being lifted from his shoulders when Cas pulled him in into a desperate kiss.
“Me.” The Demon grinned even wider, stepping forward and Dean was immediately on his feet, ready to attack. He knew that he couldn’t actually hurt the Demon since he didn’t have the Colt on him but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try.
“He wants to talk to you,” she simply said, handing over the phone.
you doing?” Sam asked, his curiosity getting the better of him.
It was Sam that spoke first, “Er, Max, could we…talk to you outside for a moment?” he asked.
“You okay?” Cas asked casually and Dean hummed in agreement; he was fine, although tired. They hadn’t exactly slept much during the past few days because of that fricking Poltergeist in Denver. Finally, Cas closed the book and leaned his head against Dean’s. It was only a small gesture but all the same strangely intimate and Dean found himself smiling stupidly.
“Yeah.”
“Dean?”
“What is that supposed to mean?” the older Winchester snapped, ignoring the sigh Cas let out from next to him.
“Come here, son.”
“Yeah, it is,” Dean breathed.
It said,
Cas kept staring at him for a solid minute before nodding but there was still a suspicious look in his eyes and Dean knew he didn’t believe him.
“Hey Matt,” he greeted the boy who sat in a corner of a diner.
“We’ll see about that,” Dean muttered. It was a lot to take in but he didn’t have time to dwell on the mystery of his lack of death right now; not with Sam out there.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean groaned while he got back up on his feet.
“You're going to hand that Demon bitch a fake gun and hope she doesn't notice?”
There was a creak coming from somewhere inside the house. Dean immediately pulled out his gun and stepped next to Cas, Adam behind them.
Without waiting for a response, Dean helped his brother stand up and lead him to the car where they both got into the back.
“Yeah.”
Jo’s words were echoing in his head but it was like they were in another language. A language, Dean didn’t understand.
Without further hesitation, Dean ended the call and dialled a new number.
“Sam?” he bellowed, “Sam!” Dean took a step forward, or tried to anyway, but a strong hand on his arm held him back.
The way he obsessed with finding the Demon that had killed their mum and Jess.
“Had plenty o’ practice with you,” Dean joked, though it fell somewhat flat in Sam’s opinion, too close to the truth.
Sam and Dean returned the next morning, dressed as priests, while Cas checked out the victim and the neighbourhood.
Halfway between Sioux Falls and Lawrence, they made a stop in a little town in Iowa and Dean pulled out his phone. There was no signal. They sat down in a diner for some burgers and, in Dean’s case, pie.
“Hey,” Lisa greeted him softly when she opened the door.
“Dean is right, Sam. Max made a choice. It is not your fault,” Cas agreed.
Cas frowned at him, tilting his head and Jesus Christ, this just wasn’t fair because Cas fucking
“Great. So, all we can do is wait.” This was all getting out of hand. “Cas, Adam, Sam? Come on.”
“Do you?”
Again, Dean nodded.
“Hello Sam,” Jess smiled.
“You gonna be okay at the Bunker or do you wanna go ahead and leave, or what?” Dean asked, eyebrow cocked but barely masking the fluttering nerves in his voice and the tension in his shoulders as he awaited Sam’s answer.
“I panicked,” Dean admitted, “She said she wanted to leave and all I could see was you, and suddenly I turned into dad, and if I don’t fix this, then –” he trailed off, but Sam knew how that story would end. He’d lived it.
“Yes.”
“Dean Winchester?!” Surprise and disbelief joined her expression and Dean grinned wider. “The one and only.”
“Exactly what it says on the tin. Dean – after…
“Cas is sending the info,” Dean answered, “We’ll talk to her tomorrow. Let’s just have a look around for now.”
“The nightshift,” the brunet explained off-handedly and Sam nodded.
“In the way of what?” Sam asked confused.
“Where are dad and Sam?” he asked finally; the others exchanged uncomfortable looks before Ellen answered, “We don’t know.”
“Your brother is a freak. A little Psychic boy,” Gordon spat out, “He needs to be taken down.”
Life in the Bunker was strange. There was no real rhyme or reason to any of it, no rhythm, no routine. People came and went, sometimes they stayed for a night or a day or a week, sometimes they didn’t stay at all, dropping in for a quick word and leaving immediately afterward. And as disorienting as it was, Sam was starting to appreciate it.
“Dad.”
“Sam’s…visions?” he spat out the word like something acid and Dean could see Sam flinching ever so slightly.
“Nothing,” Cas answered, “Whatever it is you’re feeling, it’s perfectly valid.”
Dean blinked. “Her son?” he asked numbly.
“Angel Blades?” Sam repeated, certain he’d misheard, “What are you saying? Angel’s are real?”
. “Just not what I expected.” It was a weak argument, Sam was aware, and judging by the look Dean gave him, so was his brother. “I’m surprised, is all,” Sam tried to reason, “It’s not like you ever came out or anything.”
“There’s something else,” Dean cut in eventually, “Or I think there is. I didn’t get a good look at it but there was something on Hannah’s neck. Some kind of mark…”
“Ah, fuck.” Dean scrubbed a hand over his face. “It’s too early for this shit,” he muttered, turning his back on Sam.
“Yeah. Sort of.”
“We sure the two teens didn’t just, y’know, run away?” he asked, marking the location of the hospital on the map.
“What the hell, man?” It came out more like a broken whisper than anything else and because he really didn’t know what else to do, he pulled Cas in into a rough kiss.
Finally, Dean got his own phone and saw that he had gotten a text message from an unknown number.
Distantly, he registered that the noise had stopped, which probably meant that Bobby and Ellen had shut the gates but that was far away and he only had eyes for his little brother.
“Nah,” he said, “It’s fine.”
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean snapped without looking down.
“Hello to you too, Dean,” Cas answered drily without turning around. He was standing in front of a pin board, exhibiting all the known facts about the case so far. “And no, there is nothing unusual about the house or the family. The Millers moved in five years ago, before that, there were no sudden or violent deaths. However, I did speak to an old neighbour of the family from when they were still living in the old house and he spoke of child abuse. Not sure how that is going to help us, though.”
“And his mum?” he asked instead, already prepared for the worst. He did not expect Dean to wave his hand dismissively.
“Yeah right,” Sam said again. This was wrong. All of this was so very wrong.
“Dean’s here?” Sam asked incredulously, looking around the bar as if his brother would magically appear out of this air.
Dean nodded and took another sip of his drink before Cas’ words actually sank in and he spattered, “What?” He gaped at Cas, who chuckled lightly.
Dean and Alice helped Cas stand up to go upstairs even though Dean really,
She didn’t seem convinced. “It must be confusing,” she said, “Coming back after all this time.”
“I’m beginning to think that we shouldn’t be here,” Cas stated carefully.
It was the latter that made Sam pause.
“No?”
From somewhere around the corner, laughter sounded through the corridors.
“I’ll call you back,” Dean was saying to whoever was on the phone with him before he hung up.
“Dean?” Frowning, Cas took a tentative step forward, and another, and another, until he stood by Dean’s side, who let out a deep sigh.
This was useless; they were running in circles, always getting back to where they had started and not getting anywhere.
“Dean, we won’t get any quicker to Cold Oak by getting pulled over by the police because of speeding, so slow down,” Cas said calmly but again. Dean ignored him. “Anyway, Bobby, Ellen and Jo are on their way to South Dakota right now, we’re going to meet them there.”
Fortunately for him, Cas still had a functioning brain and rushed towards the woman to support her while Dean and Sam stared at each other in disbelief.
When Dean woke up the next morning, the sun stood already high in the sky and Cas was still sleeping. With a smile, Dean watched his boyfriend before carefully getting out of the bed and walking downstairs to the kitchen. When he entered the room, he saw Adam sitting at the table with a cup of coffee clasped in his hands.
“No, you won’t,” she replied simply, already turning her back on him to walk back to her car, giving Sam no real option but to follow.
“Thank you.”
“Sam!” he cried out, relief washing over him, “You okay?”
“How?”
“Believe me, the feelings mutual,” Dean muttered.
“Yes I am.”
“It’s Sam,” he corrected almost automatically, regretting his words immediately when the smile vanished from Dean’s face into some hard and closed off.
Sam ignored it.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
“You.”
“I’d appreciate it if you did.”
“Of course, sweetie, just give me a minute,” Mrs. Serendel said and turned back to Dean who frowned lightly. There was something on the back of her neck…”I’m sorry Mr. Gecko but if that’s all…”
They worked in silence, mostly anyway, going through dusty, thick binders with faded writing, stacking possession on top of possession, witch coven on top of witch coven, deities on top of deities.
Sam was trembling with anger and a part of Dean understood what Sam was feeling but…there was something else…something that had him worried.
“Yes.” Cas nodded. They’d had worse but seeing Cas get hurt was something Dean would never get used to.
“Then talk,” Cas snapped. His eyes were cold, relentless, and Dean couldn’t blame Gordon when he took a step back. Cas was a scary man when he wanted to be.
Nothing was in this place.
A few hundred yards further down the street, stood a run-down building called Roadhouse if the lopsided letters over the door could be believed, two cars parked out front. Jody pulled up next to them and killed the engine.
“Right. Anyway, let’s get our stuff and hit and the road.”
Sam shifted in obvious discomfort but when he answered, his voice was firm, “Samuel Winchester.”
“What did you see?” Adam asked, so Dean told them.
Dean put away his phone and closed his eyes, trying to think of something, anything, that might help them find Sam. There was nothing. Dean had thought that he knew his brother; knew him like his own mind and maybe that had been true, once, but too much had happened since then and as far as Dean knew, Sam was a stranger and
They said their goodbyes and hit the road.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry,” said Jody, sitting down across from Sam, “I’m not trying to pry, promise. The silence just got awkward.”
“Good morning, Sam.”
“My head,” Sam pressed out.
“It’s not like we’ll find her in the Yellow Pages. Lenore’s smart. She knows how to keep a low profile.”
“Because they expect
“Sorry,” he muttered. He knew it wasn’t enough. He knew Cas deserved better than that, better than him but this was neither the time, nor the place to talk about this. Cas shook his head, still glaring at Dean but there was also a great amount of relieve.
“We kill it.”
“You have five missed calls,” the phone told him while Dean took a deep drag from the cig, quickly follow by a mouthful of beer. Two of the five calls, were from Bobby, two from Ellen and the last one from Cas, who had also left a message.
“Jim Miller. Saginaw, Michigan,” Sam repeated while he wrote down the name and Dean really wasn’t sure what to think of that. Foreshadowing dreams of complete strangers.
“Madison, please sit,” the god said and the ghost obliged, “Tell me Madison, why did you die?”
Jo glanced at him, a strange look on her face. “I’m aware,” she said, “Word travels fast around here.” Sam nodded, he wasn’t exactly surprised. “Now, I’m gonna hit the hay, ‘cause I only just got back.”
“You’re a kid!”
“Hey Jo,” Dean greeted her as casual as possible.
“It’s er…it’s Jo,” Dean muttered.
“What happened last night?” Dean asked out of curiosity.
“Then what do you think?” Cas inquired.
Bobby hummed, clearly not satisfied with the explanation. “
“Dean. You wanna let me in or are you gonna shoot me right here?”
” Cas was practically begging now and there was a part inside Dean that wanted to do exactly what Cas had just said.
“You got the gun?” John asked urgently.
“Would you like some coffee?” Cas asked, his head tilting to the side, “Unless, of course, that interferes with your plans to sneak out.”
“Yeah. It ain’t pretty,” he answered.
While Dean was driving them back to Sioux Falls, Sam was sleeping in the back seat and Cas was silently sitting next to Dean, watching the scenery outside.
January faded into February, the air got warmer and by the time April rolled by, the first tender buds had broken through the ground and Dean felt like his life had been put on hold. Dad was still dead. Sam was still gone. The earth kept turning.
“Dean,” a distant voice was calling his name or maybe that was only in his dream. Maybe – “Dean!” Dean opened his eyes and saw that Sam had turned on the light, stuffing things in the duffel bag.
“Can you drop me off somewhere? I’m going to Nebraska, talk to Ellen and then see if I can find her.”
“I’m not gonna do anything,” Dean told her, “But Benny and Lenore over there –” he pointed at the two people in question, “—are gonna take care of you. Lenore’s got her own Nest, she will take you in. Sam and me, we’re just here to make sure Emma gets home safely.”
“You let her go?” Adam sounded disbelieving, almost shocked.
They went inside and sat down in a small waiting area only to stand up seconds later when a big, elderly woman with dark skin stepped in front of them.
“Well I didn’t.” Cas looked so much like a sulking child now hat Dean had to bite the inside of his cheeks to keep himself from laughing. As badass as his boyfriend was, he was fucking adorable when he was like this.
Naturally, she didn’t.
, Sam was very much a killer, just as Dean was or Cas, or even Adam by now.
“Jess,” Sam whispered and Dean didn’t have to see his face to know that there were tears running down his cheeks.
Probably.
And Dean stepped back. He was still tense, still ready to rush forward again if Gordon tried something, but Cas was right. He was being an idiot.
The second night, the second bottle, the second day of solitude.
Sam was just about to ask who ‘we’ was, when Bobby returned, followed by the man Sam had seen in one of the pictures back at the Roadhouse, sans the trench coat, and a brunet woman, neither of which looked surprised to see him.
“Your husband’s alive?” Sam realized a second too late just how shocked he sounded, but Jody merely chuckled.
Taking a deep breath, began to talk. He told Bobby of going to Stanford and getting into pre-law without quite knowing why, only that it was his own choice for once, that it was far, far away from everything. He’d just wanted to be normal. He told him how, once the novelty had worn off, the deep, dark pit in his stomach had returned, threatening to swallow him whole, how he’d filled it with work and success and a house, all meaningless and hollow if you looked at it for even a second too long. Told him of Jess – sweet, lovely, normal Jess – and the day she’d left him because of it all, “you’re like a man possessed,” she’d said. Told him of Dominique and Zara and Chrissie and jane and how they had all abandoned him.
As it turned out, Hillary Johnton, 35 years old, hadn’t just been in a swimming club, she’d been the champion of said club with various medals and awards; no one could quite explain how she could drown in a small lake.
“Beats me.”
“Okay,” he said into the phone, “Sammy! Sammy listen to me, I’m on my way, okay? Just…stay where you are.”
“But –”
“Quiet Mr. and Mr. Winchester. I am Osiris and I will be your judge today. Shall we begin with the charges?” the man spoke and sat down in a pompous throne. Both Sam and Dean glared at the god but said nothing. “Mr. Dean Winchester, first defendant. I will now call the first witness to the stand. Sam Winchester.” Dean watched in horror as Sam’s chains sprung open and he walked on shaky legs towards the chair next to Osiris.
“You did enough,” Benny replied, “Kept your cool. Saved those people.”
About 20k words in I realised I was kind of over this story and the show in general, but I was also 20k words in and didn't want to add another WIP to the ever-growing, dust-collecting pile on my laptop, so here we go.
“C’mon, Sam,” Dean muttered, “The paramedic said you should see a doctor.”
” Cas inquired.
“No idea. It said…it said, ‘I’m the one who gribbed you tight and raised you from perdition.’”
