John laughed. “Infuriating most of the time, but surprisingly fun.”
John sighs and goes back to his blog. He manages to type up the rest of the case in time for an early dinner and they spend the evening eating leftover Chinese food and watching crap telly. When a criminal investigation show comes on Sherlock spends the entire episode pointing out everything the forensics team got wrong and yelling about the amount of evidence the investigators overlooked. John counts how many times he calls one of the characters or the writers an idiot. 42. Not an all time high, but it’s close.
“Maybe he’s just thinking.”
Sherlock pushed himself off the bed. “Normal is boring.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, Rosie is the child here, not me.”
“Well, do you have another name we can refer to them by?” Lestrade asks, irritation evident in his voice.
“Sherlock?”
He paused to gather the nerve for what he wanted to say next,
“They’re for Sherlock.”
Sherlock looks up to meet his eyes but doesn’t say anything. Instead he holds out the paper he was fiddling with. It’s now an intricate rose. The tidy folds form a swirling center which radiates out into gently curling petals.
“Oh, Lord of the Rings.”
“Maybe they were making a run for it,” a junior officer suggests, “The facial recognition isn’t pulling anything up in our database but that doesn’t mean they haven’t committed a crime, just that they’ve never been caught.”
At first it had been fascination; a sense of intrigue that made him feel alive and curious about something - some
(Written on a neatly folded paper, written in red and green crayons)
But that night after Rosie is in bed, the unspoken question hangs between them until John leads the way into the bedroom, makes a show of pulling back the covers for Sherlock, then slides in beside him.
“Carnations are what you give your mum,” John said, “Besides I wasn’t promising anything.”
He let his gaze wander from the precise movements of Sherlock’s fingers to the look of concentration on his face as he wiggled a tree-shaped cookie into place.
“Sherlock, I’ve got to leave soon or I’ll be late. Just go Bart’s and try not to drive Molly mad. I’ll see you tonight.”
John would also know that what Sherlock wanted after a case was Chinese food from the place around the corner. John knew more about him than anyone else, save perhaps Mycroft, but even he could never know how Sherlock truly felt.
Sherlock keeps his eyes open, staring up at John.
“Thank you.”
“Shut up. Just get down here and bail him out because I’m certainly not going to.”
He didn’t have to watch them leave to know that they would be continuing their evening together - a walk hand in hand to the coffee shop a few blocks over, followed by a shared cab ride to one of their apartments, ending in bed with passionate words and whispered confessions.
“To find Robert Ross.”
Unfortunately not. Perhaps next year.
“Look,” she says, “I can set these aside for you to look at tomorrow but I really do need to leave now.”
“You’re more than my best friend. You’re my family.”
All the signs were there but John had been too scared of rejection to allow himself to hope. Now his head is spinning with possibility and his heart fills with warmth as he accepts what he should have known a long time ago:
Mycroft returned home to find his front door unlocked and the knocker tilted 45 degrees to the right. He straightened it and entered to find Sherlock lounging at his kitchen table, feet propped up on a chair and eating a cookie from the open tin beside him.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he reached for his phone, then paused when he saw the time and remembered it was his turn to pick Rosie up from school. He considered for a moment.
“Yeah, sure,” said John bitterly, pulling the offending bit of fabric from around his neck and flopping onto his chair.
“Because I love you.”
“Thanks for that.”
He’d heard of Roger Prescott and introduced himself by having a copy of the stolen warehouse key made and, after a bit of chatting, brought up the construction job. As luck would have it, Prescott was desperate enough to take him up on the offer to build Ms. Garry’s counterfeiting machine no questions asked. While negotiations for the property were still underway Winter was sneaking into the warehouse every night with Prescott to get the machines up and running.
“Hmm?”
“No, I meant
John smiles. “I never thanked you for that. So...thanks.”
“But what did they take?” John asked.
"Blending the friendly association of the yellow rose with the romantic implication of the red rose resulted in a much subtler, more intriguing meaning of love emerging from friendship." [
John ignores the jab, “Just saying. It’s nice.”
“He said something didn’t he?” Sherlock asked, not meeting John’s eyes, “Something about us?”
After lunch Sherlock returns to his slides. The previous roses still take up a large portion of the table and John begins to wonder if they’re just a byproduct of Sherlock’s usual curiosity despite what he said about a “social experiment”. Maybe he’s examining pollen samples or something. John feels a flash of disappointment at this thought but a second later Sherlock waves him over and tells him to have a look. John peers through the eyepiece and sees a sample of paper fibres.
Once the door shut behind him Holmes and I rushed forward. Even in our hurry I marveled at the band of Egyptian hieroglyphs that formed a border around the heavy bronze door.
He sent a text to Lestrade to meet him near the Christmas Market. They would make some inquiries - probably not the most cheerful of conversations, considering the topic, but nothing Rosie hadn’t been exposed to before. And Lestrade would be there just in case. Besides, she’d been begging to go to the Winter Wonderland since it had opened last month.
At this Ross turned, ready to flee up back up the corridor but Holmes, anticipating his movement, lunged forward and pulled him to the ground. As I rushed forward to help the lantern shattered against the stone floor, plunging us into darkness. There was scuffle in which I heard a muffled yelp, a hiss of breath, then light footsteps racing away up the stone passageway.
For once, Sherlock couldn’t think of anything to say so instead he leaned down and pressed his lips against John’s.
“Holmes, where are we going?” I asked as the dense buildings gave way to a canopy of trees.
“You heading to bed too?” John asks.
“Nothing. You should go. Take Rosie home.”
“You should call her,” Sherlock said, “the holidays are apparently supposed to be spent with family.”
Alice smiled at him though and thankfully changed the subject to her friend in America who was obsessed with corgis and had demanded that she take a photo of the Queen’s corgis to send to her at the soonest opportunity. They made it all the way through their entrees without talk about Sherlock, but after they finished their meals, John couldn’t help himself from sneaking a glance at his phone and saw one more text, timestamped 20 minutes prior:
“Rosie, do you know what a murder is?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but heads to New Scotland Yard to meet Lestrade. He returns a few hours later with dinner and a pale green rose.
Sherlock nodded.
“I mean, she remembers you and Rosie.”
Stella nodded, “Of the 18 houses on that street, there were 8 break-ins and 4 unsuccessful attempts. But only 5 reported something missing.”
She smiles and nods at the roses between them. “No matter how you look at it roses are always so romantic.”
“Why would I need them to navigate the city? You can hardly see them here and anyway I have an impeccable sense of direction.”
Sherlock shook his head then turned to watch Rosie who was gathering fallen leaves.
“John.”
“I’ve known you for almost ten years. I know when your brain’s working more than normal.”
“Fine, how about this?” John held up a model of the solar system, sans-pluto.
“Hmm?”
There was nothing to indicate there would be any danger in taking her. It was the middle of the afternoon so the area would be full of people. Although though the small restaurant in the photo wasn't in the busiest part of the park, it was still close enough that nothing bad could happen unnoticed.
Also, some backstory on this chapter and the story as a whole: right after Series 4 ended I needed some cheering up and decided to read Carry On (which I highly recommend). After finishing it I just had a burning desire to see John call Sherlock “my rosebud boy” and came up with the headcanon of Sherlock giving John roses to win him over. There's more to that initial headcanon but for that you'll have to wait for the sequel.
After living and working with Holmes for years I felt nothing he could do would surprise me anymore but I replied, “And what, pray tell would that be?”
It’s rather telling when Sherlock doesn’t scoff at the insinuation that he’s a child who needs a bedtime story and instead remains silent as he slides into bed. John smooths the covers over him and has to stop himself from running a hand through Sherlock’s hair and kissing his forehead, the way he does with Rosie.
Finally, Lestrade pulls John aside as Sherlock bends to examine a letter presumably written by a missing woman.
John searches his brain, a task that proves difficult as he feels the blood rushing to other parts of his anatomy.
“It’s just my ankle,” he says as Sherlock returns to sit by his side, still glaring at Winter. “I don’t think it’s broken, probably just a bad sprain.” He winces as he removes his shoe. Already his ankle is beginning to swell and even in the dim light he can see an ugly bruise forming. “Might not be a bad idea to get it checked out though,” he admits.
Molly scribbles something in her notes then covers the brain and places it back in the freezer. “Well, it certainly is an interesting thought. Maybe if you come up with a list of what you need I can help you later.”
“Lying under the tree? That seems impractical.” Sherlock brushed a low branch aside, “At the very least we’d be covered by pine needles in a matter of days.”
Sherlock spends evenings lying on the couch, flitting in and out of his mind palace. But whatever he’s searching for there always eludes him and he inevitably returns to pacing the room or playing random chords on his violin, not loud enough to wake Rosie, but erratic enough that John begins to worry.
The evening progressed much as expected - an exchange of holidays wishes, cheerful conversation, a recap of things that had happened since they’d last seen one another.
Lestrade shakes his head. “Do you have any idea how many Jonathan Evans there are in this city alone?” he asks, “And that’s obviously not his real name.”
He bites back a moan and pulls himself out of bed. Usually when this happens he’s able to clear his head with a brisk walk, but the slight twinge in his left ankle tells him that’s not an option today.
Merry Christmas!
When he wakes for real, the first thing he notices is the empty chair beside his bed. He feels a bit abandoned until he hears Sherlock’s voice on the other side of the closed door. No doubt he’s harassing the nurses making sure John is treated like royalty or trying to get someone to violate hospital policy and ignore the rule that only family gets information. John knows he should feel bad for the hospital staff but can’t keep from smiling as he lays back against the pillows, allowing Sherlock’s voice to wash over him. He’s never felt as safe as he does with this man watching over him. Surely, he thinks, that must mean something to Sherlock too.
“No, we’re getting breakfast,” Sherlock replies. “Coming, John?”
-----
John feels Sherlock's hands tugging at his coat, searching frantically for a bullet wound.
7 February 13:02
“Okay then, I guess tomorrow it’s time for your rendition of ‘Nutcracker on Ice’,” John said.
By evening John feels about ready to explode. It seems like the number of incidental touches they share has multiplied exponentially today so as soon as dinner is over he excuses himself and retreats upstairs to his own bedroom. As much as he’d like to remain in Sherlock’s bed until the man gives in and joins him John figures it’s best to quit while he’s ahead before his nighttime fantasies lead to an embarrassing situation.
How meeting him was like waking up, like learning to run again after sleepwalking through life. That he’s not a sociopath or a machine - and that being human is not a weakness, but his greatest strength. That they’ve been through so much together and they will make it through this. How much Rosie adores him. How glad John is to be back at 221B. That the world is a better place because Sherlock is in it.
Guys, the time traveling tomb is a real thing! Just search "Brompton cemetery time machine" and you'll find a bunch of articles on it. Of course whether or not it
“What kinds of things did you wish for?”
She handed him a paper on which she had written “Daddy’s Wishlist” at the top in neat letters.
Mrs. Hudson adds these into the arrangement and shuffles them around the vase, making sure all the colours are evenly mixed.
Dr. Montgomery nods, “Now, you should be able to go home in a few hours provided everything checks out and you promise me you’ll stay off that leg completely for a full week and no strenuous activity for at least a month.” She smiles, “Not ideal for you two of course but at least it’ll give you some time to write this one up for the blog, hmm? Sounds like it’ll make quite the story.”
“So, you remember what red rosebuds mean?” Sherlock asks.
“It’s fine,” she said, “I’m happy for you. Really. About time you figured it out.”
And on top of that he still hadn’t found a chance to revisit their conversation from that night at Angelo’s. It was clear that Sherlock no longer considered himself married to his work and that he would give up anything for John and Rosie, but that didn’t necessarily mean what John hoped it meant.
Finally, his phone chirped out a text alert. Sherlock looked up, expecting a message from John - annoyed about being left at the station to fill out a report, but unable to resist the chance to feed Sherlock up and tease him about his obsession with egg rolls.
, you mean. I see you’re very popular with the single mothers.”
Is Elf on the Shelf even a thing outside of the US? Idk.
Of course Sherlock noticed, John thinks. “It’s nothing,” he says, turning his fork over in his hands, “Just something I’d rather forget.”
“It matters Sherlock.”
“I like a lot of movies,” John said, examining a model dinosaur kit, ”You’ll have to be more specific.”
“John. Great.” Greg sounded annoyed but not worried, which put to rest John’s fear that Sherlock had been hurt.
“No,” Rosie frowned, “but Sherlock is good so why does he like murder?”
John continues to put the dishes away, stopping to shift a few stray mould samples in the cabinet. Sherlock has been vigilant about keeping his experiments out of Rosie’s reach but it does result in unpleasant discoveries each time John flicks one of the child-locked doors open. He adds that to the mental list of things they need to discuss eventually. When he can delay no longer he turns to head upstairs. Sherlock is still sitting crouched in his chair but looks up as John pauses beside him.
“Besides,” he continued, “I have you. What more could I possibly ask for?”
“Who?”
Sherlock turns his gaze on Lestrade and narrows his eyes, “Last night was supposed to be your first date with your mystery woman. You’re unnecessarily apprehensive, probably because you’ve been out of ‘the game,’ as you call it, for so long and you’re worried that your first foray back into the dating world will be unsuccessful. Looks like there’s a bit of an age difference too. You’re frustrated with the case and annoyed with yourself for cancelling but don’t seem too worried that she’ll refuse to reschedule so that means you’re already acquainted with her on a fairly friendly basis and that she understands the demands of your job. Possibly she has a similarly demanding occupation with odd hours. Maybe you met her through work-”
“Unnecessary,” she agreed. She had just finished coating the roof of her house in the thickest layer of icing John had ever seen. The gumdrops she shoved onto it were almost completely submerged.
After several yards though, he stopped, set Rosie down, then glanced uncertainly between her and the trees on the left. It was clear that the trail continued that way but Sherlock was reluctant to let Rosie leave the path.
Holmes held out his hands in a comforting gesture.
(See the end of the chapter for
He trails off as he scans her from head to toe, eyes lingering on her new haircut, freshly trimmed nails, the faint natural blush on her cheeks and the corner of her mobile peeking out from the pocket of her lab coat.
Lestrade rolls his eyes, “According to you, there’s a murderer on the loose so it would be nice if we could find him. Then maybe I can reschedule my date, since you seem so concerned about that.”
John gasped in surprise. For a split second, Sherlock began to panic, wondering if somehow, despite John’s words, he’d misread the situation. John was the experienced one in this area after all. But then John returned the kiss. Tentatively at first, then he deepened the kiss, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him closer.
No matter how much they claimed that the three of them were a family, it didn’t change the fact that Rosie was John’s daughter and Sherlock was just...her godfather and John’s best friend. And maybe someday John would fall in love again and leave him. Then Rosie could grow up in a house with her own bedroom and a kitchen that didn’t have experiments hiding behind every cabinet door.
John laughed and held out two ties to Sherlock for his opinion.
Sherlock remains immersed in his work all evening, only emerging to help John heat up some dinner. When midnight approaches he shows no signs of abandoning his experiment so John bids him goodnight and shuffles off to the bedroom. He falls asleep imagining Sherlock lying beside him, and pretends that the gentle wind outside the window is the sound of his quiet breathing.
They fall silent for a bit when the food arrives, savoring the rich flavors. As they wait for the desert Angelo insisted on bringing them John breaks the silence.
There’s a pause in which Sherlock follows John’s gaze toward the flowers before replying, “Necessary variable.”
Greg stepped into the coffee shop and shook the rain from his coat. It has been a miserable week, what with the usual increase in thefts around the holidays and a still-unsolved missing person case.
“No.”
I was at work that day so we’d planned for Sherlock to spend the afternoon looking after her. He said later that he couldn’t be bothered to deal with the idiots who work in forensics, but I know how difficult it was for him to turn around and go home while there was a case to be solved. Still, he never even seemed to consider the option of calling me to come fetch her. When I got home Sherlock was trying to work out what happened to Davies via text, and Rosie was playing in the sitting room as if nothing had happened - she had no idea she’d even been at a crime scene.
“Because I’m tired of having my love life deduced.”
Greg just shook his head then looked around at the colourful stalls around them.
“Yes, I just told you that. God you’re slow this morning.”
John smiled.
As always, thanks for reading! Have a lovely weekend!
Queensberry frowned at Holmes’s deliberate omission of his title and turned instead to me.
A fond smile spread across Greg's face as Sherlock lifted Rosie onto his shoulders and led the way through the festivities.
It was this last desperate plea drifting across Sherlock’s brain between one high and the next that forced him to finally call Mycroft.
Sherlock doesn’t answer right away. His eyes flick over John’s face, taking in his raised eyebrow, the stubble on his jaw, and the question in his eyes as he peers through the wall of roses.
Striped roses meaning: a warm heart
“Why?”
“Out where?” John asks around a mouthful of croissant, “Is there a case?”
“Why would you lose me?” John asked, confusion and something else Sherlock couldn’t quite decipher were written across his face.
-----
“You’re doing great,” John called, “Just try again.”
“So, what about you? What would you wish for?”
“Well, it’s all politics and disasters lately, but have a look for yourself.”
Everyone in Sherlock’s village made magic with their music. Some of the most powerful musicians were known to slice through rough seas with a song, calm a tornado with the sound of a flute, or literally make the earth move, raising boulders with a drum beat.
When he descends the stairs he can’t help the way his heart beats a little faster seeing Sherlock standing before the mirror fixing his collar. John feels an urge to run his hands through the perfectly arranged curls. Sherlock’s eyes meet his in the mirror.
Lestrade presses on, “No, listen. He
John nodded and turned to make his way around the rink, gliding easily over the ice. Sherlock tried to focus on the way he bent his knees, the weight distribution of his feet over the thin blade, and the way he held his arms. But instead he found himself admiring the easy, graceful way John’s body moved and the look of joy in his eyes as the wind ruffled his hair.
John’s breath caught in his throat upon hearing the name for the first time.
The girl rose from the bench and Holmes reached into his pocket, but seemed to change his mind and instead extended his hand to thank her for the valuable information.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nods.
“I like normal,” John replied.
-----
John lets out a snort of laughter.
“Because I love you.”
“Yep.”
I still don’t know how you go around the whole world in one night. Daddy says it’s magic and Sherlock told me that it is different times at different places in the world so you can visit them all. If you could tell me I would like that.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You’ll never let that go, will you? I told you it doesn’t matter if the earth goes around the sun. Besides what’s the
-----
“Sherlock, what’s with the rose?”
“John, you might want to use a different piece. Your house looks like a hurricane hit.”
John nodded. A part of him had always longed for the fairytale Christmas that holiday movies portrayed. Those warm family moments were missing from all but his earliest childhood memories and even those were tainted by the events of later years. Now that they had Rosie, he was even more determined to create traditions for them to celebrate together, giving her something she could look back on to remember how much her family loved her.
He eventually bought a stack of cds from a shop in Soho. It wasn’t the same but it had a sort of placebo effect and he decided he would take whatever he could to make the silence a little more bearable.
“Fine,” he grumbled. He pulled himself into a more comfortable seat but remained on the ground.
“Leaving the back of the house wide open,” said Stella, already reaching for her phone.
He spent days wondering what the point of it all was. Even after his near death experience all he got was music on the wind.
John tried and failed to stifle a laugh. “Sherlock, that’s for soup.”
It’s early evening by the time John is discharged. Despite his insistence that he’ll be fine with crutches, Sherlock insists that he stay in the hospital wheelchair all the way to the black car waiting at the curb. Once inside Sherlock sits closer than he normally would and John allows himself to slump sideways in his seat, resting his head gently against Sherlock’s shoulder.
John sees tears glimmering in the corner of Sherlock’s eyes. His hands are curled into tight fists around the blanket as though trying to hold onto reality.
? He hadn’t gone anywhere. It was the voice that had left him in the first place. It had left him and then he stopped playing his violin and turned to the drugs. Or was it the other way around? Had he stopped playing first, or taken the drugs first?
They chat about the usual things - potential cases from Lestrade that Sherlock thinks are too boring, an article John read about undetectable poisons which Sherlock now wants to import so he can examine them, and how many of their fellow diners are having affairs.
He stopped. It had been ages since he’d read to Rosie from his blog. After all, most of Sherlock’s cases weren’t exactly appropriate for a bedtime story. He went through a quick mental check of any Christmas stories on there that didn’t involve murder. There were none.
“Did you look at the body?”
“Sorry about your pillow,” Sherlock says eventually as he sniffles into the sodden material.
“Wait, what?” Lestrade says, “Sherlock! Do you have a lead?”
Sherlock nods and turns his gaze back to the window. “It’s okay you know,” he says softly, “whatever’s in the past...it can stay there. But I need you here. Present. Now.”
“I thought the solar system wasn’t important.”
He trails off and retreats upstairs but Mrs. Hudson follows a minute later bringing a large vase with her. She takes the fresh roses from John’s hands and begins arranging them.
“No one else sees how incredible you are and I’m sick of it. You can be an arrogant arsehole most of the time and you act like you don’t care what people think, but no one, yourself included, understands how lucky I am to have you in my life.”
After all the years they’d spent celebrating Christmas together, Sherlock was convinced that John purposely chose the most festive jumpers at this time of the year because he knew how ridiculous Sherlock found them. If only he knew how desperately Sherlock wanted to bury himself inside those jumpers, how jealous he was of those strands of knitted wool for the way they were allowed to wrap themselves around John’s body.
“So,” Greg said after a pause, “You and John.”
It took him several tries to find the right key and he glanced around furtively before pulling the door open with a loud creak that sounded as if it had not been opened in many years.
“Here,” he said turning to face Sherlock directly, “Take my hands.”
“Phone’s dead.” Sherlock says, then looks away sheepishly as the chirp of a text alert betrays him.
Greg looked back at the card lying between them.
“Well, why not? Flowers are nice. Simple. They say you like someone without being too unusual or over the top.”
John opens his mouth to protest that when Sherlock is involved conventional meanings go out the window but then he stops. He barely notices when Mrs. Hudson disappears down the stairs because he’s just remembered the last time he brought roses back to 221B.
I looked back at him in surprise. “Surely you’re not going to help Queensberry, Holmes! That man-”
Sherlock looked up and for a moment their eyes met.
Chapter 3: "All dressed up", In which John and Sherlock attend Rosie's Christmas play and Sherlock realizes that being a parent isn't limited by blood.
Which led them here, to the only available room at a quaint little inn.
I felt my heart stop, then begin beating again at double time.
. He turns the pillow over and lays flat on his back instead of on his side as he usually does but it doesn’t help. He groans in frustration and slides his hand under the covers, finally allowing himself release before he falls asleep.
“Okay, so step one checks out,” Lestrade says, “What’s fishy about that?”
Beside him he felt Sherlock’s body tense.
Still, every time she tried to push Sherlock toward confessing his feelings to John, he deflected by deducing her love life instead. According to him, she had recently developed feelings for someone she’d been close to for a long time but didn’t know how to tell them.
16 December 21:45
“Yes, but
“You know, you never did tell me what kind of experiment it was.”
John knew he should be too old to still believe his mum’s fairy tales about otherworldly music and soulmates but that knowledge didn’t stop the hauntingly beautiful melody from reaching his ears. The strings told a tale of loneliness and fading hope and John felt like a cheating spouse caught in the act and knew that he could never love Sarah the way she deserved.
Female. Late-thirties. Middle-class family. Fashionable but relatively unimaginative. Uses gift giving as a way to show affection. Interested in an attractive widowed doctor with an adorable daughter.
Sherlock points to a spot between the rooftop of the building next to them and a taller apartment in the distance.
“Yeah, why?” John asks, pulling out his wallet to check.
Without warning, he lunges toward Winter, who is sitting up scowling at the handcuffs on his wrists.
Sherlock glared at him and popped another cookie into his mouth.
When there was no answer, John pushed open the door and smiled when he saw Rosie fast asleep, surrounded by a dozen or so stuffed animals. Then his heart fluttered as he turned toward his own bed and saw Sherlock’s long, slim form stretched out on top of the covers, his head turned to the side, cheek nestled into the pillow. He watched the slow rise and fall of Sherlock’s breath in the dim glow of Rosie’s nightlight and felt the urge to crawl into bed with him, to hold him and never let go.
“It’s an emergency.”
Lestrade sighs, “Yeah, just had to cancel some plans. Looks like I’ll be here all night.”
Another horn blared and a second carriage zipped past. Its occupant shouted out the window, “Can’t you see the bloody signs?”
Does anyone still send Christmas cards? I'll admit that I don't (my excuse is that I don't have a kid) but honestly I think we should bring back just sending fun cards to friends and family regardless. It's so much fun getting mail that isn't an advertisement or a bill.
Holmes took it and scanned the front page. His only outward reaction was a slight widening of his eyes as they alighted on the date but even at a distance I caught the slight tension in his shoulders that indicated a mixture of surprise and excitement.
John lay awake long after Sherlock fell asleep, wondering how many more times he would have to bail Sherlock out, and knowing full well that he would do it for the rest of their lives if he had to.
“Yes, it does.”
Instead, the text (and, he assumed, the 2 missed calls) were from Lestrade.
He had hoped, at least, to find a friend but London was just as lonely with nothing to calm his racing mind. There was too much to take in - so many mysteries to solve, but also so much tedium.
“It’s a bit silly, but after we figured out the whole Father Christmas thing, we came up with our own tradition. We used to sneak out of our rooms after mum and dad went to bed, turn the Christmas lights back on, and lay under the tree and tell each other our secret wishes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re a good man, John Watson. I’m glad I got to see you again. I hope one day I can find someone who cares about me half as much as you care about Sherlock.”
is where I got the other fun rose names.
One more quick update before the end of the year. Not sure if anyone will still be interested in reading a Christmas fic in January but I do plan on finishing this.
“Beautiful,” John murmurs, turning it over in his hands. He’s not sure whether he’s talking about the origami flower or about Sherlock. “Where’d you learn to do this?”
“But it wasn’t ‘worse’,” John says, “I’m okay. We both are. That’s all that matters. You should know by now that I’ll always come to find you.”
Uncle Rudy pounded a slow drumbeat that served the dual purpose of funeral dirge and grave digger while Mummy, Daddy and Mycroft each said a quiet goodbye. But Sherlock turned away, unable to watch as the red fur disappeared below the earth. Instead he raced toward the woods where they had spent hours pretending to sail the high seas. He didn’t remember grabbing his violin but when he reached Redbeard’s favourite spot by the stream he found it in his hands.
John nodded.
John laughed and gave him a shove.
He turned to the desk and began to re-stack the piles of notes, not really looking at what was on them. He could sense John hovering behind him, seemingly teetering on the edge of saying something. Finally, he spoke.
John shook his head, “It’s nothing. It’s stupid.”
He lowered his hands a bit, but ran his fingers gently along Sherlock’s palm, reluctant to let go.
It takes Sherlock a full minute before he can speak, “So...what does this mean?”
He remained silent, reading the street signs and watching the coloured lights direct the carriages. Then without warning he strode away toward the crowd of people at the corner waiting for their turn to cross.
Sherlock stands to follow, “See, this is why you need me,” he says, holding out the phone.
John took the paper and stared at it while Rosie scribbled away at her own letter. There really was nothing he could think to wish for. Nothing except...he picked up the pen and wrote one word on the paper, then immediately crossed it out. He waited until Rosie was looking away before tossing it in the bin with a sinking heart. Wishing was all well and good until you grew up and realized that not everything was possible.
"Not if you're going to want me to reply okay In return, like that book about a mistake in the stars and everyone in it is dying"
John pulled off his jumper, fully aware of Sherlock touching himself as he watched. He tossed the knitted fabric at the detective, making him release the grip on his cock to keep it from hitting his face. Sherlock’s gentle laughter elicited a similar response in John. Unable to hide his fondness for the moment, Sherlock hooked his legs around John’s back and pulled him down on top of him. How different these moments felt compared to the events of his intimate life that had been hashed before the jury in the past few days. To laugh with genuine content, lay physically and mentally naked- completely exposed before another person and not feel a hint of shame or embarrassment. “John..” Sherlock trailed with a tone that really said, “I love you.” The moment of softness was over when John pressed the expanse of his thigh against Sherlock’s straining erection.
"Hey"
" I might as well tell you, you will find out one way or another."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Everyone began to move once more around the large room. Sherlock stood and sought out Victor’s eyes, when they met he held it there and gave a smirk to the strawberry blonde. Eyes not leaving until the handcuffs had been secured around his wrists and he was being led away. He bent and gave a modest kiss to Johns lips as the shorter man pulled him close. “John, I’m hungry.”
" I thought it was obvious, I'm sitting on you"
"Tea?" John asked
“you didn’t… I mean-“ Sarah began but the doctor was quick to cut her off
John’s eyes widened and for the second time tonight Sherlock had left him at a loss for words. He pulled Sherlock up to kiss him deeply and began to grind their hips together. “What do you want?” John asked breaking the kiss. “ I don’t know, i-I’m not sure, I’ve never-“ Sherlock began getting nervous and John interrupted him with a kiss hoping to distract him. “What is something you’ve thought about, something that that doesn’t instantly make you uncomfortable when you think about it?” John’s plan was to try something with Sherlock that victor never had, something to create a new and pleasurable memory of intimacy in Sherlocks mind.
The doctor felt himself go cold before warming with accomplishment and pride, “ let’s go eat then. Angelo’s?”
John practically felt his heart fall to his stomach when he spotted a Victor and Lestrade walk into the pub hand in hand. He moved a few booths back and pretended to read one of the menus. He could have been sick watching the two of them act like love drunk teenagers. Greg excused himself to the washroom a few short minutes later and John calculated that it was safe to send him a few texts.
" he does eat enough  to stay alive and I've been trying to help him with it too, but I really wouldn't call it mild."
" you have been going on like this for the past 14 years and not gotten help?"
John went to the chest of drawers near the window and took out the coat he came after when he noticed the wooden stick propped in the frame. He shook his head and disregarded it as part of an experiment of Sherlock’s. He also took notice of the bed being stripped of its sheets, that was harder for him dismiss. Sherlock never did the laundry. He cleared it from his mind the best he could and met Greg outside and they made the trip to New Scotland Yard.
Bradshaw looked up and smiled in the detective’s direction, “Sherlock, good to see you again! What can I help you with? Please sit down.” He said cheerfully as he gestured to the seats in front of his desk.
"Fine except these things itch."
Sherlock nodded and sat down next to her.
"Sherlock!"
"Obviously " one could only expect that answer from Sherlock but he said it with a fondness that usually didn't appear in his voice. Sherlock put a little of each thing on a plate for John and put a few pieces of cut up fruit on his. John smiled and they made their usual conversation until...
John threw an arm over Sherlock and pulled him closer. " I should have known. I'm sorry. And you should have said something." He said as he pet Sherlock’s curls and let the detective melt into his touch. Sherlock sighed in contentment and carefully intertwined his leg with John’s.
Sherlock let himself tremble in fear there in the corner of Bart’s hospital lab. The impending panic he had fought off all day was now free to consume him. There was no change in Victor, he was still the same vile human being he was all those years ago. He showed no remorse, no sympathy. If anything, he rubbed salt in Sherlock’s barely scabbed over wounds. First, he genuinely didn’t remember who Sherlock was, pretends to still not know him, plays that façade all day, and the first chance he had to see if the damage he inflicted was still present- he took it.
My dearest reader,
"No, I just want to be alone right now John."
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"And you're how old now?"
The flight from London to Paris was short and John and Sherlock were soon unloading their luggage at their hotel located in the 1st arrondissement. Sherlock spoke French with ease to the concierge who handed over their key card.
John ran his hand soothingly up and down the stretch of Sherlock’s back, trying to ignore the raised scars from the detective’s time in Siberia and some of which he knew had been caused by victor. “baby…” he breathed, and Sherlock cuddled in closer. They sat there comfortable in post orgasmic bliss until John could feel the come between them starting to dry. He had come to adore how pliant and sated Sherlock seemed to be after a particularly good sex session and hated to disrupt the man whose mind never seemed calm. “ let’s continue this in the shower, okay?” he whispered, feeling dark curls nod against his shoulder.
Sherlock nodded not looking at John. "I've been told it's shameful and best to hide it."
"Privacy reasons dear."
Thank you so much for your continued support!
"Your therapist will come on Tuesdays and Thursdays. You WILL speak with her Sherlock. If you want to stay with John you will behave." Mycroft spat with a fake smile.
John glanced over at Sherlock, first with confused eyes but the longer he looked at Sherlock the more it became evident that John had caught on, even before Lestrade-but that wasn’t all that shocking. “Victor.” John said in an almost whisper. “you think Victor took her.” John said louder and Sherlock nodded, “very good John.”
" goodnight" one more kiss and Sherlock was off. John now with a raging hard erection walked as normally as he could to the bathroom before stripping off and showering.
Oh hey...how y'all doin??? YOU GUYS ARE SO SWEET! I seriously can't thank you enough for being so kind to me and allowing me to have this time off. My mental state, while far from perfect, is in a much better place than it was a month ago. I wanted to surprise you all with this little smutty update that I think (and really hope) you will like! I will be replying soon to each of your individual comments as well <3 please feel free to share how you are doing (how is life or school?) or anything else you feel like sharing, i'd love to hear from you!
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock looked to his left arm and John picked it up, wrapping cloth around it. While he held pressure he used a warm rag to try and clean him up.
"Yes. That Victor." A tear hit the pillow case and John reached out to pull Sherlock close.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Sherlock"
“why did you stay? And for that long?” she asked coldly, her eyes not leaving his.
" since I don't know hardly anything about how you enjoy intercourse, could you say suggestions and I will pick one to try."
"No reason" John said as casually as he could.
A few more kisses and John’s warm hands rubbing his back, Sherlock fell asleep happy, sated, loved, and proud.
"Whatever you want."
Sherlocks eyes closed but would re open periodically.
John officially decided to get out of bed around 9 and made his way to the kitchen to put on the kettle after redressing. Sherlock was hunched over his microscope and it was obvious by the new pictures tacked to their wall that he had been hard at work this morning. John fixed them both tea and some toast with jam. He set it beside Sherlock and cracked a smile as the detective immediately picked up a piece to eat. John wrapped a loving arm around him, “making some progress?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded as he backed away from the microscope. “yes,” he replied, “Its actually very interesting, one of the samples I picked up from Emily’s apartment and the sidewalk outside seem to have traces of a odd type of sediment but I haven’t quite placed it yet-there is also guano on those same slides.” Sherlock said in a perplexed tone. “Guano?” John asked, and Sherlock looked up at him, “Oh, bat droppings.” He replied and John just nodded.
They moved out the door and hailed a cab and soon arrived at Angelo's.
The morning sun crept in through the light-colored curtains of John’s bedroom windows, causing the detective to stir. It wasn’t unusual for Sherlock to wake up before John, especially since he was such a light sleeper. Sherlock slowly opened his eyes letting them adjust to the bright sunlight. John’s arm was still half draped over his waist and its warmth made the rest of his body feel cold in comparison. He carefully rolled onto his back, cautious not to wake John. He briefly acknowledged that it felt strange to wake up in John’s room instead of his own but given the fact that he was worried Victor may break into his room during the night-he was more than content to sleep in John’s. His stomach grumbled slightly, and he rolled his eyes ‘transport’ he thought to himself. He knew things were beginning to change for him. He used to feel proud when he was so hungry his stomach growled, but now…he just felt hungry. John had truly begun to help him heal and recover from the very things he once accepted may kill him. Sherlock never feared dying from the criminals he chased after, never feared overdosing from the drugs that had once been his crutch, never feared becoming the hunted instead of the hunter. In fact, he never feared his own death in any form. Afterall, death is inevitable. It happens whether you fear it or not. The only situation about his death that could cause Sherlock to stop and ponder was that he knew his own actions - whether they be cutting too deep, in the wrong spot, or not eating enough to live- were the most plausible out of the millions of ways he could die. The acts he inflicted upon himself were his own impending doom. It felt as if he could help prevent everyone’s death but his own. That was until John vowed to help him. He wasn’t ‘fixed’ and he may never have a perfectly healthy relationship with food, but last night at Angelo’s he ate without feeling ashamed. Not only did he eat without an overwhelming irrational fear of gaining weight, but he had finished his pasta dish and then let John ravish him and feel his body. The corners of Sherlock’s lips turned upward ‘and ravish him John did’ he thought.
“is Emily nearby?” he asked, and John nodded.
“eating you mean.” His voice had turned sad in tone.
The room was deadly quiet.
"John will you come in here."
"Not like that, I mean just, ah, get out of mrs Hudson's doorway."
"I thought since you slept with me in the hospital that maybe you um- never mind sorry. Goodnight."
“He really wouldn’t” John chimed in, causing Lestrade to throw his hands up in exasperation.
"Do what?"
“Flirt with him?” Lestrade’s voice raised an octave “No, and besides going undercover is not my division.”
"Maybe I'm just having a good morning" John said leaning over to kiss Sherlock but lost his balance and fell half on the floor half on Sherlocks lap.
Sherlock pushed his chair back harshly and went out the door.
Sherlock smirked, “Besides, that wouldn’t work. He knows John and I are together. It needs to be you. He trusts you; god knows you already spend half the day together.”
AUTHORS NOTE
“ I know it doesn’t have to do with work, and its personal, but I thought you might want to see this before it gets much later.” Sarah babbled as she typed something into her laptop. She clicked a link for the London news and Sherlock’s picture appeared on the screen. “did you know about this?” she asked, and John took the device from her hands as he read the title Famous Detective Files Sexual Assault and Abuse Case.”
" I'm fine, why are you sorry? You didn't force your cock down my throat." His voice was raspy but he really did seem to be fine.
For a moment Lestrade dropped his professionalism and his politically correct answers, “ I wasn’t. but what we had is over, for good.”
"John, when we get home can we talk about something different when we get home."
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked twice.” Emily apologized and walked towards Sherlock, taking his hands in her own. John quirked an eyebrow and a deeply confused expression washed over his face, he had never seen someone interact with Sherlock the way she did. He expected Sherlock to quickly pull his hands from her grasp with an annoyed expression, but he didn’t; he held hers in return.
"Nope, I came for Sherlock not you." He said as he kept walking.
“baby, it’s-”
John gathered a washcloth and Sherlock’s overpriced shower gel and shampoo from his bag before joining him in the shower. He ran the bar of hotel soap over the white cloth and began to gently wipe away the soot that littered his boyfriends face. He washed the dark curls and grimaced as his fingers brushed a cut that made Sherlock flinch in pain.
John could only smile and pulled his now fiancé into a kiss. “ they are waiting on us, by the way, we should probably go tell them the happy news.”
John placed a hand on his shoulder, " Sherlock I am so sorry."
*****************************************
Emily chuffed out a laugh, “ever the dramatic… so do you want to know what happened or have you already figured it out?” she asked sincerely.
"Good point" Sherlock sighed and got up from the bed and went to get dressed.
Sherlock stood from his desk and sat down across the table from John. The doctor gave him a quick smile and scooted the detective’s tea closer to him."Do you want any toast or strawberries?" he asked.
Victor’s voice echoed in Sherlock’s head, “can I see your bedroom?”. Sherlock quickly made his way to his room and saw the window was left open. He felt sick, Victor knew where he lived, where he slept, how to get in, what else did he know that Sherlock didn’t. a new feeling washed over him not fear or dread, but undeniable, painstakingly intense anxiety. Sherlock shut the window and frantically looked around for something to wedge between the glass pane and top of the window frame so that it couldn’t be opened. He finally found a wooden rod that once had a poster hanging from it, but he discarded the image years ago. His breathing was heavy and quick as he forced the stick into position and tried himself to open the window, only satisfied when he couldn’t get it to budge in the slightest. He bent beside his bed to grab his towel when he smelled a strong and familiar scent. He picked up his pillow and brought it to his face, coughing as the scent filled his airways. He thought fast and his blood ran cold when he realized what the smell was: Victor’s cologne-the kind he used to wear when they were together. He stripped all of the bedding angrily and threw it in the washing machine. He grabbed a towel and made his way to the bathroom. Yes, he had already showered this morning, but he was desperate to get the feeling of Victor off of him.
It was only when he caught sight of a small makeup bag that he remembered the bag John had packed. He realized that without John he couldn’t only be Sherlock Holmes the great detective, he also had to honor John and fill the role of a caretaker. He shrugged off his coat and placed it over Emily, the dark heavy fabric engulfed her small frame. He rustled through the bag until he found one of the electrolyte packets and mixed it in a bottle of water. He held it in front of Emily but didn’t let her take it yet. “Emily, you have to drink this slowly. If you don’t, you will get sick, promise me you won’t guzzle it?” Emily nodded in response and she took small sips of the liquid.
"I can't, you’re in my lap." Sherlock moved up long enough for John to get up and then laid back down.
John held the door for Molly as she walked into the lab, the two of them still discussing the state of the corpse they had examined. When John came into view, he did a quick glance around the room and furrowed his eyebrows at the lack of Victor’s presence. Molly left murmuring on about how busy she was and she would see them later, her eyes took a few extra moments to linger on Sherlock who, of course, didn’t respond.
"No" Sherlock stated plainly.
"Consulting detective? I've never-"
“Lestrade called me down to NSY today…” Sherlock left off and john scanned his eyes for any emotion he could find “he initially wanted me to fill in paperwork on the case from the other day.”
"Oh Sherlock," she cooed, " one day darling I promise they will have to worry about it."
"Yes"
When Sherlock's mom is sent to work at a research campus in the southern United States, he is less than thrilled about having to pack their family up. But once his eyes fall on straight football player and high school senior John Watson- he starts to think it might not be so bad.
Sherlock picked out a pair of his black dress pants and a dark turquoise button down and matched it with one of his typical black blazers. He felt sick. It wasn’t visible but it felt as if every nerve inside him was trembling in not only fear but…anticipation? Not the kind of anticipation where you are looking forward to the event but more anxious to get it over with. Most of all Sherlock was furious at himself for spending far too much time messing with his hair and making sure his clothes looked nice-all these years, all the feelings of hatred and disgust towards Victor and he was still classically conditioned to want to look good for him and seek his approval. The fact that he was still seeking this approval made him feel ashamed. He ran his fingers through his hair one last time and grabbed his iconic long coat.
Sherlock smirked, “good.”
"Why are you here" Sherlock asked
John nearly dropped the tray and jerked his head up to look at Sherlock and then at Mark, " Excuse me, I thought your job is to help him, not to criticize him."
Victor stared up, no expression of any emotion visible on his face. The room was silent for what felt like an eternity. “so he found her…?”
“Sherlock,” Emily spoke quietly, “ for me…please.”
“yes…yes…John, the answer was always yes.” He let a few tears slip, but this time they were ones of undeniable joy. John held him tightly, the way he always had held every part of him. when Sherlock finally unburied his head from the nape of John’s neck they spent the next several moment in a passion filled kiss. “ how…when did you buy this ring?” Sherlock asked, finally observing the beautiful piece of jewelry.
"Yeah."
The judge called over one of the attending officers and order the files to be faxed over immediately for examination. “ detective inspector, you may continue while we wait.”
John let out a deep breath and his head dropped back in exasperation, “Sherlock, you’ve put yourself through so much already. Why keep adding to it? You don’t owe Emily.”
Sherlock broke into a huge smile as he sat himself on John’s lap, letting his legs dangle over the arm of the chair. John wrapped an arm around his lover’s waist, “Proud of yourself?” John asked with a smug look on his face and Sherlock nodded. “I cannot believe you just convinced Lestrade to take Victor on a date,” John said with a chuckle.
" alright"
“ watch your step.” Sherlock said as he awkwardly moved his body over a gap in the ground
The First act of physical abuse.
Sherlock sulked the rest of the evening and John continued to tiptoe around him in both actions and words. When they climbed into bed for the evening John opted for a small peck on his lovers’ lips rather than their normally lengthy make outs that often turned into love making and cuddling. Sherlock, of course, took notice that after John briefly kissed him, the doctor had turned his back to him and drifted off to sleep. To Sherlock it started to feel like the beginning of the end.
"How do you want to do this?" John asked.
Sherlock cut her off, “it’s not been a while ago. I still try to starve myself every chance I get, just two nights ago I took a blade to my leg; if it wasn’t for John, I probably would have bled out a few months ago alone in my bathtub.” The detective surprised even himself with the amount of personal information that had just rolled off his tongue.
“did she ever behave erratically or aggressively towards herself in the time you spent with her?”
“Victor Trevor.”
"Alright."
Hi friends! I am so relieved finals are finally over!I hope those of you that had exams did well :) THERE IS ONLY ONE MORE CHAPTER OF THIS STORY LEFT!! also i'm going to be completely honest, i hate this chapter and feel super insecure about posting it, but i really hope you all don't think its as bad as i do. Thank you so much for reading, can't wait to see you back for the final chapter!
"Alright you can take the bandage off, I'll have to re-wrap it anyway."
“Come outside.” MH
"John?"
On the outside Sherlock Holmes seems un-breakable, but when John discovers his best friends past in learns that the great detective is in fact very broken. John helps his best friend heal and over come fears that have troubled him for years.
"How long have you been awake?"
They entered the courtroom for what was hopefully the very last time. The judge’s desk was void of any papers and she looked more confident than ever. She smacked the gavel on the podium, “ I would like to thank detective inspector Lestrade for making the court aware of the gaps in evidence. I have reviewed the documents and reports and feel certain in the final verdict. I would also like to issue and apology to both Mr. Holmes and Mr. Trevor for the premature sentencing. The verdicts made in the case of Trevor vs Trevor remain the same. In the case of Holmes vs. Trevor…Victor Trevor has been found guiltily of domestic abuse, given the same 5 year prison sentence. Due to newly presented evidence, Victor Trevor will be charged to the highest extent for sexual assault, sentenced to 25 years without possibility of parole.”
“right. What is your request?”
Lestrade was the next to give a statement. It was, for the most part, very surface level- only providing the details about the case, not delving into personal relations. It was painfully obvious how badly Lestrade wanted to break all professionalism and start drilling Sherlock and John as to why he wasn’t told about Victor being Sherlock’s ex-lover. For god’s sake Sherlock encouraged him to flirt with the man. Sherlock probably- no definitely- knew they had hooked up. Whenever a verdict finally came, and he would be allowed to talk to the boys of baker street…they were in for a long discussion.
"You look nice" Sherlock said blushing.
John let Sherlock rest on him, running his hands softly through those dark curls. Sherlock hummed in contentment, he loved when John did this. He felt a sense of guilt for not telling John what really happened when he had left the lab, especially as the comment Victor made about pulling his hair ran through his mind. Sherlock momentarily wanted John to stop, an irrational voice in his head making him fearful that John may decide to jerk on his curls the way Victor once did, but this was John-his John. The one who only inflicted feelings of warmth, comfort, and security onto him.
A mumbled “yes, captain.” was spoken so quietly John thought he must have misheard. He grinned as he licked across Sherlock’s collar bone, “down boy.” He teased back earning a small laugh from his lover. “it’s late and you especially need to sleep-“ John began but was cut off by a plea of objections from Sherlock. John pressed a finger to the other man’s babbling lips and quieted him. “all I was going to say was that I’m keeping the foreplay to a minimum.” He leaned forward kissing Sherlock hard, “I’m going to make you so tired you’ll sleep until noon.” He whispered in Sherlock ear and the detective moaned loudly as he raised him hips to gain friction from John’s thigh.
The doctor smiled again, " cuddling position, where your both laying on your side and pressed to one another, the one on the outside is the considered the big spoon, the person on the inside, the little. So big or little?"
“please proceed with your statement. Only the parts relevant to Ms. Trevor’s case.” She said harshly, her brown eyes staring daggers into Sherlock’s blue ones.
“did you hit your arm on something today?” John asked
There were several audible gasps in the courtroom and all eyes fell on the raven-haired detective, who was shocked himself. Emily never mentioned this to him. John was bouncing his leg in frustration glaring towards the opposite side of the courtroom where Victor sat. Lestrade’s eyes went wide and locked with Anderson and then Donovan’s. Mycroft remained unfazed until his mother grabbed his hand and he felt compelled to comfort her.
"Any relatives you are close to besides your brother?"
"It's alright I was going to wake up pretty soon anyway"
The doctor chuckled fondly,  " you've never heard the term spooning?"
The room was spacious yet cozy and inviting, it practically oozed with Parisian charm. The furnishings were simple and elegant. attached was a balcony complete with a small table and a view of the Eiffel tower. John smiled as he took in the scenery, running his hand over the pillowy soft duvet. He made his way to Sherlock who was concentrating on the screen of his mobile and covered the screen with his hand.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. The catacombs are open to the public, hell- they even have scheduled tours everyday. She would have caught someone’s attention by now.” Lestrade tried to reason with the detective.
"Thank you John, that was swee-" Amy started but John gave the cup to Sherlock before kissing his forehead.
The day continued without either of them saying much of anything to one another. Well, John would speak to Sherlock and if he was lucky Sherlock would make some kind of audible sound as a response.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
“ I wish.” Sherlock’s quirky reply caught John off guard and the two began giggling, which was perhaps a bit not good when attending a trail such as this. “ its my trial, ill laugh if I want.” Sherlock had read his thoughts send the pair into another fit of laughter that ended abruptly when the judge smacked her gavel on the podium.
Before Lestrade could slip his tongue into Victor’s mouth, the other man pulled back “so what did you want to ask me?” he said taking a sip of his drink. Greg cleared his throat, “I’ve got a few days off coming up and there isn’t much more I can do on your sisters’ case that my staff and Sherlock aren’t already doing. Anyway, I booked a trip to Paris a few months ago, just as a little getaway and was wondering if you would maybe want to tag along?” Lestrade fidgeted with his fingers slightly, nervous that he wasn’t convincing. Victor was taken aback but was soon on top of him, “yes, I’d love to.” Lestrade held Victor’s cheek, “really? You’re sure it’s not too soon, I mean we have only just really started getting to know one another…” Victor kissed him and mumbled, “I’m sure. When do we leave?” he asked. “tomorrow… sorry for the short notice but I just couldn’t get up the courage to ask you until tonight. I actually have my baggage in the car…I was hoping you wouldn’t mind if I stayed the night.” Greg said with a shy smile and victor couldn’t hide the excitement that showed itself on his face. “yes, please stay. You can help me pack.” Victor removed himself off of the DI and extended his hand to him, leading him to his bedroom.
"Bed was a bit less warm without you there. Mind if I sit with you."
"Somewhere between 8 and 9 stone."
“this isn’t exactly normal though is it? Whoever set that bomb off had to enter down here from somewhere. Oh-do you even know where you are?” Sherlock asked
Sherlock glanced up at John wondering if it was okay to tell him but thankfully John answered for him, "yes we are."
"Yes."
"I don't care."
"Good morning"
"Will you be back down?" He called as John disappeared by the steps.
“Sure I’ll ask him when he st-”
Emily tried to laugh but it only came out as a puff of air, “John, its fine, I forgive you. You were protecting your boyfriend. Sure, it scared me in the moment, but I’m glad to see he has someone like you to stand up for him like that. No hard feelings, I promise.”
John sighed in relief, growing uncomfortable atop his lover he rolled onto his side, pulling Sherlock with him into a spooning position. The doctors softening cock was still nestled inside Sherlock’s body, much to the pleasure of the detective. They lay conjoined, both by body and heart until sleep overtook them.
"God no"
The alarm blared on John’s nightstand early the next morning. He reached over and laid a heavy hand on the off button before gently caressing Sherlock’s arm in an attempt to wake him. The detective stirred slightly, opening one eye to look at John.
Meanwhile Victor had been sitting in a Parisian jail cell for nearly two days. The Parisian officers were only responsible for making sure he was kept alive and didn’t escape, but it was Lestrade who had to conduct the investigation and decide the next move to be made; and the truth was Lestrade couldn’t face him yet…not until today.
"Yours." Sherlock spoke in a delicate tone.
AUTHORS NOTE
"Then there wasn't just one attacker. Someone had to shoot the mother and 3 children in that room and escape through the same room because the door was never opened. The impressions on the carpet are feint, probably because your team of idiots have already plowed through here and walked over them. But I would guess you are looking for a large built man, size 10 shoe size, probably around 210 pounds, that's who killed the wife a kids. However, a woman, size 8 feet, probably 146 pounds, shoulder length blonde hair killed the father. No doubt these two were working together, but what was their motive? Simple, John, look at the features of the parents and then of the children. What is wrong with that picture?"
The judge looked up suddenly from her paper, “you are in my court. You will answer the questions I ask, or you can sit down and this portion of the hearing will be over.”
“that was…different.” Sherlock spoke after several minutes, a small pit of worry forming in John’s stomach. It was almost like Sherlock could feel it, “ good different…very good.”
"Victor was kind to him, took him to dinners, bought him presents, all horribly dull things that Sherlock pretended to like because he thought it made Victor happy. And if there was someone who would love him, it was something he may never get again. So he went along with everything Victor did. They graduated and went to the same university. That's when everything changed. They lived together but Victor never wanted to spend time with Sherlock. He was always out with "friends" he cheated on Sherlock more times that you can count. One-night Victor came back drunk, yelling insults at Sherlock telling him he was worthless and that he should leave him. Sherlock was hurt but tried to blame it on the alcohol. Victor raped him that night. The next morning Sherlock went to the bathroom to shower, when Victor came in, he told Sherlock he was fat, ugly, disgusting and that no one would ever love him for as long as he looked like that. He should have ended the relationship but didn't because he grew to think Victor was right. That's when Sherlock stopped eating like a normal person, that's why Sherlock doesn't have relationships, doesn't have sex. John he is terrified of it. Victor did so many horrible things to him, but he never told anyone. The abuse continued all the years of uni and then when Sherlock told Victor he was moving, he left Sherlock like he never mattered. And I suppose to Victor he didn't matter, but Sherlock thought Victor had loved him and it hurt him that he had failed his only relationship. He cares about you John, and if you can't see that then pardon me but you're bloody stupid. He wants you to think he is perfect and brilliant in every way, he wants to impress you. Victor used to " reward" Sherlock for every half stone he would lose. The reward of course wasn't pleasant for Sherlock, only for Victor but Sherlock thought and still thinks that is how sex is. Painful, harsh, rough, and full of agony. If it made Victor happy, he would do it, that's why he lets very few people in now, John."
As if the past 24 hours hadn’t put Sherlock through the emotional ringer enough, he felt a pit of arousal open up low in his stomach. He tried to push it to the back of his mind like he normally did, but much like his moment of sentiment, it persisted. Sherlock sat up before throwing a leg over John, taking the blogger by surprise as Sherlock bent down and began kissing along the side of his neck. John laughed softly, “what are you doing?” Sherlock didn’t reply only continued to kiss lower and lower on John’s’ body until he found himself palming John’s growing erection through his boxers. “John, can I give you a blowjob?” Sherlock looked looking up at John in a way that can only be described as sinful. John took a sharp breath, “ah, Sherlock I mean, I’d love one and my god is it hard to turn you down while you’re looking at me like that but it’s almost 3 in the morning and you should get some sleep.” Sherlock hesitated not knowing how to express what was happening to John, “I need it.” John raised an eyebrow, “You need to blow me?” John asked and Sherlock shook his head, “no, yes, I don’t know, I need something John, I’m um….aroused.”
Happy update day! I hope you all are doing well! I want to say thank you so much for reading my story, i truly can't believe we have hit over 12,000 readers! It means so much to me and i hope you continue to like this story as it begins to finish up! Stay healthy and safe, lots of love...
“So what’s next?” Lestrade spoke up, breaking the silence.
Eventually the apologies lost their sincerity before ceasing to exist at all. The physical abuse had gone on so long and increased with severity that eventually Victor came to realize he could lash out in whatever way he desired with no fear of Sherlock leaving him. bruises were soon an accessory for Sherlock. to this day he can’t explain why he protected Victor, why he let it continue for so long, or why he let it happen at all. Perhaps Victor was filling a void in his life, sating a fix that he didn’t know where to get anywhere else- that was until he discovered cocaine and heroine.
John made dinner- Sherlock didn't eat. John watched tv- Sherlock didn't join him. The doctor grew frustrated when Sherlock lit yet another cigarette and closed his book a little harder than necessary. " right, I'm going to bed before I get secondhand smoke." John retorted and walked towards the stairs.
“ do we need to talk about something?”
John looked puzzled but he didn’t press the topic any further. John finished up and took Sherlock’s robe, hanging on the back hook of the door. He laid down with the detective, bringing the blankets over them and laying an arm over Sherlock’s small frame.
Sherlock stepped outside of 221b where Lestrade was smoking and staring up at the night sky. “Lestrade” Sherlock called out, startling the DI a bit. Greg turned to Sherlock momentarily before resuming his gaze at the myriad of the stars and clouds over London as Sherlock joined him, trying to prepare what he wanted to say. The two stood in silence for a few moments before Lestrade extended his hand in Sherlock’s direction, between his fingers a cigarette. The detective gratefully accepted. He reached again for Greg’s lighter and lit the end of the stick.
"Did it ever occur to you that what you said hurt me!" John shot back.
" I feel like a 14 year old girl."
"Hey, just relax okay? Everything's fine." John whispered before wrapping his arm around Sherlock. He intended for the taller man to rest on his shoulder but Sherlock moved completely and put his head in Johns lap. John smiled and slowly ran his fingers thorough the dark curls. It was only a matter of 10 minutes before Sherlock had surprisingly fallen asleep.
"Sherlock, everything alright?"
John pulled away slightly and brought a hand up to Sherlock’s cheek. He still didn’t say anything, just watched as those beautiful blue eyes welled with tears that soon spilled over. Sherlock stared into his eyes with a longing, an emptiness, stare that conveyed the same feeling you get when you want to say something so badly but opt not to. John kissed him quick and soft as he turned off the water and grabbed two towels from the warming rack.
"Sorry"
“she’s a few rooms down to the left, but she’s resting right now. They think she will make a full recovery in a few days. We are going to go back to the hotel when the IV finishes and come see her tomorrow.
Victor made no motion to move from his seat, rather his lawyer came forward, “Mr. Trevor has decided not to plead his case.”
John tensed remembering what Sherlock said he wanted to talk about at the hospital. "About sex?"
“Victor and I lived in the same household until he graduated from university. He then moved out of town for work and the abuse stopped and our relationship began to mend itself. I saw a therapist for years, sometimes I still do, I never told him specific details of why I wanted to have sessions with him, it helped me forgive him and myself. I’ve always wanted the best for my brother, despite it all, I love him. A few weeks ago, I decided I wanted to file the charges for abuse against him and wanted him to seek help. I decided to speak with him before I went to the police to give himself the chance to make the changes on his own, but he became furious when I brought up the subject and stormed out of my house. I chased after him, but he got in his car and left, at least I thought he did. I had my dog with me, and we were walking in the grass near my flat and someone came up behind me, cut my dogs leash with a knife and then held it to my throat. It was Victor and he told me if I didn’t come with him, he’d kill me…and Sherlock.”
So...Surprise! I really didn't intend to upload a chapter until next week but i have felt so inspired by your alls sweet comments and reading my story! plus writing for you all is much more fun than writing my final papers haha. Please leave any feedback you feel inclined to! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
"Are you horny"
When they came back to the flat John went back to bed and Sherlock went to his mind palace.
It was the next week and Sherlock is scheduled to meet with his therapist for the first time. Thankfully it fell on one of the days John didn't have to go into the office and he could stay with him.
Emily nodded, “I always knew. But I didn’t know what I could have done, I was so young. I’m sorry.”
" I thought you weren't gay."
" I envy you for that. Cab or walk home?"
"I'm going to kill him for waking you up"
Mark, a tall man with slicked back brunette hair came into their flat at 7 that morning. Sherlocks eyes widened, " Mycroft said my therapist was female."
Sherlock sighed, “ maybe so. John…” he took another step closer and leaned slightly towards the shorter man “ I would have had to testify either way. If Victor went first, I would have told the same stories, shown the same pictures, nothing would have changed. There is no use creating a victim complex out of it.”
It still didn’t make a lot of sense to the tall man but for now he would disregard it and think about it later. When they arrived at the courthouse they were met with a similar scene, except this time there was more press and media outlets than what covered most crime scenes. It all seemed so foreign to the detective. His lawyer warned him this may happen and to not speak to the press, but he didn’t think it would actually come to this.
“Emily Trevor’s case? I thought you told him you didn’t want anything to do with it?” john was very alert to everything Sherlock was going to say about this topic.
“Sherlock…love, can I come in,” there was no response. Admittedly ever since the night john had found Sherlock after he’d cut himself, he chest grew tight every time he didn’t get a response from him. “Sherlock, I’m going to come in” he announced as he gently pushed the door open. His lover had changed out of his dress pants and button down and into his dark blue pajama pants and dressing gown. The detective lay on his side, slumped on the bed. John couldn’t tell if he was sleeping or just not acknowledging his presence. He sat the two cups of tea on sherlocks beside table before gently sitting down on the bed and placing a hand on his lovers’ shoulder. Sherlock jolted at the touch and johns heart broke a little more for the pain his friend had endured. “ I’m sorry” john said softly, “ I didn’t mean to scare you.” Sherlock rolled over and looked up at john in the dim light that crept through his curtains, “ s’ fine.” John looked at him a moment longer “ I made you some tea, would you like it?” Sherlock shook his head no and john laid down next to the taller man and placed his hand under sherlocks cheek, stroking his face gently. “Sherlock, are you alright? You seemed to be doing really well today and I come home and find you smoking like a freight train and upset.” John pressed a kiss to his forehead and Sherlock closed his eyes. Was he going to tell john? How would he react? Sherlock who could predict people’s actions weeks in advance always struggled to predict the actions of John Watsons heart and emotions. “John, I- I don’t want to talk about it right now.” He said internally snarling at how his voice trembled.  John took note of how fragile of a state the usually stoic man seemed to be in, “Okay. That’s alright. In your own time then my love. But know that I am here to support you in whatever it is that you may need. May I stay with you for a bit or would you prefer me to leave?” Sherlock looked into johns’ eyes and nestled in head closer into johns’ hand, “stay… please.” John moved his body closer to sherlocks and embraced him. Sherlock wrapped his long limbs around the doctor’s body and let out a long sigh into johns’ neck. Sherlock willed himself not to cry, he had done far too much of that lately. John lay next to his boyfriend for what, in his mind, felt like hours but had really only been 25 or so minutes. Johns brain was wrecked with thoughts. So many questions he wanted to ask but knew it was best not to. He lifted his hand and ran it through sherlocks dark curls, he wrestled with the idea of trying a few things to distract Sherlock from whatever it was that was consuming him but worried that Sherlock wouldn’t respond well to it since he isn’t as emotionally aware as johns’ previous lovers. The shorter man decided on attempting to distract him- the worst Sherlock could do is say no right? With his hand already in sherlocks hair he tipped his head back and kissed him softly. Sherlock made no movements. John placed his hands on either side of sherlocks face and kissed him deeper, finally Sherlock started to reciprocate. John smiled into the kiss and wrapped a protective arm around his lover’s waist.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and went to hail a cab.
"It's 8:30 mate, have you  been here since they put him in?"
When John woke the second time it was indeed closer to time to work, he still had 20 minutes before having to get dressed and decided to continue laying with his sleeping boyfriend. He watched him, he looked so peaceful, so beautiful and elegant, In a simple word he looked perfect. In Johns eyes, he was. Sure nothing about his lovers life had been perfect in any sense, but things were perfect to him.
" showering?"
“oh god yes.”
Please comment and let me know what you think and what you would like to see happen In the story! Thank you so much to everyone reading this story!
lots of love,
"Ms.Hudson? Why don't I walk you to the lobby and call you a cab?"
" do you want me to finish you off?"
John kissed him quickly before murmuring praises. " you did so good baby" " I'm so proud of you"
“ I don’t assume you have any photographs of this abuse?”
Sherlock gritted his teeth and debated on what to tell John. The truth is he hadn't got hard once during their entire session. He decided against telling him in case he was to take it as Sherlock didn't find him sexually appealing.
AUTHORS NOTE
John knew what Sherlock needed and it wasn’t to be suffocated with praise or physical affection. “I’ll be around, yeah?” Sherlock nodded in a silent and grateful understanding. John brought a hand up to cup the younger mans cheek and pulled him down into a delicate kiss before taking a seat in his chair and unfolding the morning paper. Neither of them said much the entire day, taking solace in the quiet- a refreshing break from the loudness of what their life had felt like for several months. Sherlock stayed to himself mostly, he played his violin in longer sessions than John had heard for months. Some of the pieces may have been ones John had heard before but today they seemed to not bare a weight they had before. The detective would randomly appear by his side, leaning for a kiss, which he was of course given- and then retreating back to whatever he was doing before. John called in Chinese and Sherlock ate without even a flicker of guilt or hesitation.
“so, you’re not exactly…” Greg racked his brain searching for the correct word. “Vanilla?” Victor supplied and the DI nodded. “no, never have been. I don’t mind traditional sex but it’s not what excites me the most. I like things rough, more so than most people. Are you scared?” he asked, almost daring Lestrade to say yes. “No.” Greg replied coolly, “It doesn’t bother me at all. People like what they like, I don’t think it should have to be explained.” Victor nodded with a smile, “Are your curious about what all I have?” he asked. “I suppose so, but I’m not going to ask you to show them to me if you don’t want.” Greg reasoned. He genuinely was curious of what all sexual aids Victor had and what it may reveal about him, but he really hoped they were never used on him. “no, I don’t mind. Here..” Victor pulled open two more drawers revealing various items “feel free to look through them, pick them up, try them out if you like” he said with a wink that made Lestrade blush “I’m going to finish packing but feel free to ask me any questions you want. I’m not exactly shy about it.” He laughed.
Minutes later John was called into the office and notified Sherlock of it.
"Sherlock! John! How are you?" Angelo said upon arriving to their table.
“do you want me to call doctor Melendez, he’s available to fill in if you need to go after you finish up with your patient.” She offered and John graciously accepted.
"Sherl, I really am sorry."
" okay any particular place you want to go."
I really hope you all enjoy this chapter! Thank you all so much for over 9,000 reads- it means so much to me! SO A LITTLE UPDATE: This story is approximately 10 or less chapters from COMING TO AN END... however, feedback from you all could potentially change a few things. I could either end this story with an epilogue or do a continuation/spin off that will basically just be chapters of sherlocks progression, his and johns relationship, and will definitely include lots of smut and fluff as Sherlock continues to recover and grow.
Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
His door opened and the place next to where he laid on the mattress sunk.
"I don't. Not particularly, but you want it and if it would please you I want to try."
“only if you want me to be…or if I can suck it off your fingers.” Sherlock said sleepily as he curled into John’s side. The doctor laughed good naturedly and kissed Sherlock’s forehead, that was still slightly damp with sweat.
“oh, but it’s not, is it? You still think about me all the time. Despite what you tell yourself you haven’t gotten over me. Remember, I’m not stupid Sherlock. You think I don’t know that you still regularly cut yourself? What else would those bandages be for? It always was your favorite spot. You’ve tried to get over me since the last day you saw me, and you can’t. You miss me. I made your life interesting. You could read everyone else, could impress everyone with your deductions and intellect, but not me. You always struggled to read me-you still do, and when you did, I was never very impressed. I was so unpredictable. I made your life exciting.” Victor was now sitting in John’s chair, looking towards Sherlock who had slowly made his way back to the couch.
"Something was obviously wrong"
The blogger broke it off but kept his nose brushing against sherlocks, “yes love?”
They spent the next hour or so drinking, kissing, making small talk about their lives and families while they packed Victor’s carry-on bag. The mood of the room quickly shifted when Victor opened a drawer by his nightstand, revealing condoms, lube, and an assortment of sex toys. There were a few different sized butt plugs, a string of anal beads, handcuffs, sounding rods, and a knife. Greg was visibly shocked, and it didn’t take Victor long to notice, “Don’t worry, I was only going to pack the lube and some condoms-unless you want some of the others.” He said with an almost sinister tone and Greg shook his head. Of course, the idea of having sex with Victor had crossed his mind but it really wasn’t something he had seriously considered a possibility until now.
"Mr.holmes that isn't healthy. You are drastically underweight for someone your age and hight."
It was rare the detective took baths since showers were more ecofriendly and efficient, but tonight he decided to fill the large jacuzzi tub with warm water and lavender bath salts. He slid into the water and inhaled the light scent that soon embraced him. He momentarily regretted adding the salts and bubbles as they stung against his healing cuts, but the feeling soon dulled, and they were once again forgotten.
"What is wrong with you John"
"Sherlock, yes you piss me off sometimes but I wouldn't trade meeting you for anything in the world."
As soon as the words came out of his mouth he regretted it and wished he could have taken it back. Looking up at Sherlock made his heart clench. He had hurt him. He knew it, he was the reason the man he had fallen for over the past few years eyes were brimmed with tears that were threatening to spill over.
Sherlock arbitrarily thought for a moment, “there hasn’t. it was a fear I created for myself and put onto you. I just wanted you safe too, this was one of the most intimidating things I’ve ever done. Truthfully if that explosion hadn’t happened, I don’t think we would have found our way out… and that terrified me the most. Dying and you being left with no answers yet again. I’m sorry I projected my lack of faith in myself onto you.”
All heads jerked up and stared at Sherlock’s back. Greg felt a pit open in his stomach he felt nauseous.
“better?” he teased, but Sherlock smiled and nodded.
“just running an errand with Mycroft. I’ll be back before dinner.” He kissed his fiancé and left the room, leaving no time for Sherlock to bombard him with questions.
When the cab arrived at 221b, John paid as usual while Sherlock unlocked the door. “I’m gonna pop in and check on Mrs. Hudson while I wait for our food. I ordered you some anyway.” John said, making his way to Mrs. Hudson’s door. Sherlock rolled his eyes and went up the stairs to their flat, breathing a sigh of relief to be in the comfort of his home.
"Fine." Sherlock got into his bed and folded the covers over to allow John in. John pressed another quick kiss to his lips and said goodnight again.
John was asleep within 20 minutes, but Sherlock never did fall asleep. He waited and waited until morning and finally John woke up.
" we should go up stairs"
" don't want them?"
"You're going to make me eat aren't you?"
They walked in silence for a few more minutes before Emily once again broke the silence. “I’ve kept up with you over the years… not very often, just a quick google search every now and then. I know you don’t work for a corporation, you’re not a cop, you don’t have any kind of obligation to take cases you don’t want. Why did you take mine?” there was a longing for answers and it was evident in her tone.
"Really?" John asked with a smile playing on his lips.
John came home to a silent flat. Sherlock wasn't in the kitchen or the living room, that only left the bedrooms and bathroom.
Slammed. I actually have to go back to work in 10 minutes, just wanted to say hello- JW
"Alright. Hour is up, I'll see you all Thursday."
"Mr.Holmes." He said frustration obvious in his voice.
John tilted his head, " excuse me?"
AUTHORS NOTE
“ do you know who these men were?”
Lestrade sat back in the chair, “so, what did you need to tell me that was so secretive and urgent?”
" Sherlock, answer me this first, and honestly."
AUTHORS NOTE
"Would you mind if I moved closer?"
"Can I sit down?"
"I was angry. I didn't mean it Sherlock. You're extraordinary, amazing, brilliant, my best friend, and certainly not a freak. I am truly sorry." John was running his fingers through the soft curls and Sherlock leaned into his touch. John was done with fighting his feelings and continuously saying "we're not a couple." "I'm not gay." He Bent down and placed a soft kiss to the dark curls. Sherlock looked up at him surprised.
“ I want to make sure we understand each other. You lied to a doctor to obtain antibiotic you would need if infection did occur.” He nodded once more, “ do you have proof of this visit?” Sherlock passed the officer on duty the doctors excuse for his school, dated the day after the rape. “continue.” Her voice was neutral, but he could tell by her silence he had begun the foundation of a credible case.
Moments passed and eventually Sherlock began to stir. He lazily rolled over and faced John, slowly opening his eyes before blinking a few times.
"Sherlock, words can't tell you how much I wish that never happened to you. Never ever think about going back to him, no matter what. Even if we are fighting or I'm dead or gone on a trip, whatever happens come to me, sit at my grave, have Mycroft fly you half way around the world at your doctors orders, just come to me. Believe me sherlock when I say it makes me sick to even talk about him."
“Victor? Her brother? Sherlock come on. That’s far-fetched even for you. He’s been more than cooperative this entire time. He would not kidnap his own sister and then file the report for it.” Greg complained. The room was silent for a moment before Greg asked, “would he?”
“Christ, no, it wasn’t me. An ex-boyfriend of Sherlock’s.” He said and heard his PA breathe a sigh of relief.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock was the first person out of the courtroom as John elbowed his way through the other members of the jury to chase after him. Mrs. Holmes had nearly composed herself, but it all fell apart again when she saw her son. She reached for his arm but he shook her off and continued walking, turning a corner and disappearing. John soon emerged from the crowd and approached the Holmes’s, attempting to console the distressed parents. “ I mean this in the most respectful way Mr. And Mrs. Holmes…I think you should go to your hotel for the day. Mycroft can update you on the case. No parent should endure this.” He tried to reason as quickly as he could, eager to go find his lover. Mr. Holmes agreed and soon got his wife to comply. “ we are so grateful to you John. Your good for him.” Sherlock mom said quietly and John stepped closer to give her a brief hug and kiss on the cheek.
John had showered and changed into his clothes for the night and Sherlock had done the same. John sat on the couch watching a late-night program and Sherlock had just finished researching a few things. He was happy and feeling confident, if not proud of himself for handling the events of today like he had. He stood from his chair and made his way towards John, taking the shorter man by surprise when Sherlock began straddling his lap. Sherlock began kissing the doctor passionately running his hands down John’s chest and ever so slightly grinding is hips into him. John made a low sound in the back of his throat as he kept one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and the other hand running down his back and sides. John couldn’t resist any longer as he moved his hands down the backside of Sherlock’s body until they landed on Sherlock’s ass. Sherlock moaned softly in approval and let John squeeze and hold his ass through his thin pajama bottoms. “take me to bed?” Sherlock whispered low and seductively. John kissed him harder and hoisted them both off of the sofa and Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s waist. He carried Sherlock upstairs to his room, remembering that Sherlock’s sheets were still not put back in place.
The sobbing man said nothing.
" can I kiss you?" He asked shyly
“Then do me a favor” Sherlock said more as a statement than a question.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock took notice of John’s responses to his actions and was pleased to see there was no signs of disgust or judgement. He finished cleaning John’s come and left his own sprayed across John’s stomach and ribs. John grabbed a dirty shirt from the floor and wiped himself off, “not interested in your own?” he said half-jokingly.
“it’s the only one that matters at this time.”
John brought the covers over them and pulled Sherlock to his side, kissing his forehead and petting his head, “you were incredible.” Sherlock smiled against John’s shoulder, “so were you.”
The small court room began filling with people. Press, spectators, the jury, friends and family members and security. The row directly behind Victor was reserved for family or close friends, but the seats all remained empty. Behind Emily sat her parents, her best friend, Sherlock and John. The detective presumed Emily’s case would be discussed first and breathed a sigh of relief. Discussing her case would come with an ease that he would not have the luxury of when presenting his own.
“ because it’s what I wanted you to tell me, I just didn’t have to ask.” Sherlock said cockily “ he is undoubtably a criminal, and I hope that plays in your favor of not getting overly attached, but even if he wasn’t” Sherlock took a deep breath “ you should stay away from him.”
“Why don’t you flirt with him, it’s your idea?” Greg shot back. John opened his mouth to object, but Sherlock beat him to it.
When John hadn’t heard water running for almost half an hour he grew uneasy but brushed It off. When ten more minutes passed he thought back to Sherlock’s bloody body lying in the bath and quickly moved from his seat, proceeding down the hallway with caution to not alert Sherlock that he thought something was wrong. He knocked at the door and got no answer. He called Sherlock’s name and when there was no reply he turned the knob to find it locked, fear climbed up into his throat and latched onto his voice as he called Sherlock’s name louder and began searching for the bathroom key he hid on top of the door frame. He heard the sound of splashing water and was sure his heart stopped.
John kissed Sherlock lazily, “happy with everything then?” John asked, causing Sherlock to giggle at the seemingly rhetorical question. “yeah, I’d say so. Especially that, um, thing you did with your…tongue.” Sherlock complimented, feeling a bit awkward. “yeah? Its been a long time since id done that, but I thought you might like it.” John said with a smile. “it’d been a long time since anything had touched me there, and nothing had been inside me since, well the last time I was with-“Sherlock was interrupted once more by John kissing him. “shh, don’t say his name right now. I know, I figured that. I feel honored, Sherlock, really. I am so flattered and humbled that you trust me like that.” John said staring into the other man’s blue eyes. Sherlock nestled in close to John and mumbled, “I love you.” into the ex-soldier’s chest. John wrapped his arms protectively around Sherlock, “I love you too.”
“I don’t know. I’ve always said the concept of virginity is a social construct, that there really isn’t anything sacred about it unless you create it. But that’s what I think, not what I feel. I feel like something was robbed from me. And now I feel like it’s been taken from John too. I’ve never been one for rose petals on the bed, but a moment like that with someone you love…I’d be lying if I said it doesn’t hold an appeal. I wish my first time I hadn’t been held down so hard I was left with bruises and tearing. And all the times after that.” Tears pricked the back of his eyes, but he didn’t dare let one fall. Emily nodded in understanding. “I don’t know why I’m telling you all this.”
“Sherlock, we need to start getting ready, love.” He whispered, peppering kisses to the tall man’s shoulder.
Sherlock flopped dramatically onto the sofa and pulled at his curls, ". If it's going to be like this, I dread what we will be like during the trial, not to mention once it's over. We probably will have broken up by then and you'll be back to some woman. You'll probably bring her by here to shag and sneak her out by morning, the same way you did before me. I bet you never coddled any of them the way you do me."
Sherlock spent the rest of the evening in a trance. John finally had to move him off of his lap to make dinner and continue with the rest of his plans. Sherlock continued to sit silently in the same position he had left him in.
Sherlock progressed to telling John about the events of today and when he came to the part where Victor tried to unbutton his shirt John closed his eyes and swallowed hard, preparing for the worst. He quickly was looking back at Sherlock when the dark-haired man told him of how he grabbed Victor’s wrist and told him not to touch him, demanding he leave. “you did that?” John said in mild disbelief, Sherlock nodded. John pulled Sherlock onto his lap and kissed him. John pulled away first “ so you all didn’t- I mean he didn’t” John stammered and Sherlock looked at him in confusion “The bedsheets.” John said clearing his throat. The realization struck Sherlock, “no, no. of course I didn’t, we didn’t. He didn’t rape me again, John. He did repulsive things that I wish he hadn’t, and I have no doubt that given a better opportunity he would force himself on me again, but no-he didn’t this time. I’m okay. I’m sorry that’s what you’ve been thinking for the last few hours.” Sherlock said draping his arms around John’s neck. John let out a long sigh of relief that he didn’t know he had been holding in. Sherlock explained the rest of what happened, not straying from detail.
“Yeah, that's probably for the best.” the blond agreed inspecting the healing process.
“No, actually, she encouraged it.” there was a pause John knew. Then there was the click of a tongue because it was a pause Sherlock knew. “Mycroft did.” John's answer was a simple 'hm'. “What.”
“I mean, I am not prone to the idea and act of sexual interaction.”
By the end of the day, they had made it over to the Met without any large incidents. Don't ask how, but more than three stabbed corpses hadn't been necessary.
John barked a quick laugh. “You don't have much of a beard, young captain! What is your real name?”
John cleared his throat every once in a while between turning over pages. The hot tea did feel nice and smoothing to his throat. Eventually, Sherlock sat down across from him, his cup of coffee refilled, the can being placed on the small table between them. John looked up at it and briefly smiled at Sherlock in gratitude, but focussing his eyes back on the paper soon enough.
Sherlock's lips stretched into a smirk. “Of course not.” He averted his eyes. “So this is it then? You met me again to tell me that we can't happen? You flirt, give me hope, you lead me on and then abandon me?”
It changed then.
“It's not!”
After a while, the younger man used his right hand to cup John's chin and turn his head towards him, only to capture his lips in a slow, searing, open-mouthed kiss. Tasting his own blood on John's lips only seemed to encourage him and John let him stick his tongue into his mouth, where they danced for a while until John had to pull back a minute later. He licked his lips, looking over Sherlock's body, knowing the man understood why he'd stopped. The look in Sherlock's eyes, however, was absolutely priceless, his usually so bright and pale eyes dominated by large, black pupils. John pecked his cheek because he couldn't not do it.
They continued in silence for a while before Sherlock spoke again. “Why do you save humans? Why do you otherwise stay hidden?”
It wasn't until Watson entered the same room, that he next awoke. Mind, he did not come to instantly. Watson had greeted him twice. “Evening Holmes,” he said as he closed the door behind him. “Holmes?” he said again, standing by the windows to draw the curtains, a reasonably enough action at this time of the day, and to a good use nonetheless. When the detective still did not react, Watson went to face him in his chair. A fond smile breached his lips at the sight of his sleeping friend, which could be a hard one to come by at times. He shook his head fondly. Usually he would not approve of the laziness displayed in the figure before him, however in recent days they had been about rather a lot and he had hoped that Holmes would be taking some time to recover himself. However, they
“Pick another.” he said warmly and Hamish returned with a bigger package this time, climbing up into John's lap before opening it just as carefully.
“How is he doing then?” John could hear the elder woman whisper curiously.
“That's very thoughtful of you, Hamish, but much too expensive!-”
“WOW! I can't wait to read them!! Thanks you so much!” another round of pecks followed and Hamish put down the books on the nearby coffee table. Sherlock threw John a contented smile. “You now, papa!” the boy said waddling towards Sherlock with a small bundle in hand and climbing into his lap.
He pushed the thoughts away and brought John his coffee, who thanked him, naturally. “Let me know when you're ready to go. I'll be in the kitchen.”
John pointed a finger at him, reaching for his tea. “For now.” he said, like a bet.
“And what about you?”
The brunet pulled out John's favourite mug from the cabinet, pouring the already brewed, but still hot coffee into it. He regarded his wrist. It wasn't a thought he'd never had before, but it had certainly been the first time he'd felt comfortable thinking it in such close proximity to the other. Was that what it would fell like to be turned? Euphoric? Amorous, even? Strange, for sure.
John stared at him for a moment, waiting for the big deal Sherlock's posture promised to weigh on him. When the man said nothing more, John caught up. “Sure. What would the problem with that?”
In a matter of minutes, they were completely undressed, Watson cradling Holmes' head as he laid him down on his back with another kiss. His hand, the one which wasn't supporting his weight, travelled down Holmes' side, dipping into every little hollow between his ribs until, finally, he grasped his hip by the bone, lifting it with Holmes' own effort as help, and placing one of the cushions underneath. Holmes watched hungrily as his partner poured some oil from the vial into his hand, smearing it around one palm with the tips of his fingers, coating them on all sides before drawing them around his destination to encourage relaxation. One finger pushed inside and his slicked palm closed around Holmes' penis, pulling in gentle, long strokes. When he was sure enough, Watson added a little more oil and inserted a second finger. The calm and peaceful that Holmes had felt before started to vanish, but the pain he felt from the added stretch was only temporarily without further pleasure. He pulled Watson's head down to him.
It turned out the group was not planning to rob them, but they were a bunch of arseholes, at least in how they treated Sherlock. John forgot sometimes, that Sherlock wasn't compatible with everyone and that most people didn't take kindly to be being brutally turned inside out by his deductions.
Sherlock noted the honesty of the blond man before him. He looked around, his brow knitting with questions. “Where did you come from? Where is your boat?”
“And if you want to get sole custody for the child, I need only tell Mycroft and-”
“It will also cover your back and help prevent you getting a cold – now, get dressed before I make you wear mittens and scarf.” Sherlock said gently but strictly and Hamish toddled off. He was surprisingly small for his age, like Sherlock himself had been as a young child. “I still don't think it's a good idea. It's Halloween, there are all sorts of people wandering down the streets tonight.”
“I should be much obliged.” With a wicked grin, he let Watson guide him over. The tickets to the theatre were left on the small table as they moved the little distance. They made themselves comfortable, Holmes sliding in between the other man's legs. He caressed Watson's face, stroking his slight, short curls back into a smoother line. A day's work always untangled the stubborn strings, especially at his temples. Watson, knowing Holmes for quite some years, could tell his friend was again thinking much more than feeling, calculating which way to best entertain him this night. A grin split his lips and he drew Holmes' head near, attempting to stop the brainwork with a passionate kiss. Indeed, Holmes moaned in response. After some time of their lips moving, Holmes pushed his tongue forward, drew it along Watson's mouth until he was granted entrance. It was shortly after that he began to move his hips as well, grinding his swelling erection along Watson's own. Their breaths became ragged. “We
John's hand would caress his arm or his side and he would start nudging at the sensitive skin on Sherlock's neck. The younger man would tilt his head away to indicate his allowance of John peppering him with little kisses there. It was a funny feeling every time. Somewhat ticklish, very calming and weirdly hypnotic. And so very intimate. Sherlock couldn't think much when being with John like this. He liked it. It became their routine for both of them to tune down after another day of working/thinking.
John clicked his tongue and sighed again. He walked into the kitchen and began making tea. It was going to be a while and he needed something for the nerves. Either man's nerves. “I don't know how to tell you. You wouldn't believe me if I said anything.”
“It's not even seven and I'm tired,” he complained.
And just like that, they went on with their life. If ever John thought Sherlock was difficult to live with, he'd never felt more wrong about it than now. It was as if the detective had just forgotten about it, and, to be fair, chance was high he'd honestly just deleted it all.
“It is said,” John took over word, “that any human loved by a descendent of the family shall be struck with the same fate and cursed for all eternity.”
“No, I know it isn't, but that doesn't change the fact that you shouldn't feel obligated to just 'accept your fate', as they say.” John replied with a frown.
“Not to a soul! I myself think our law and justice system gets a great many things quite right. However, I have always disagreed with the way it defines and limits love.” It is hardly worth mentioning that in this moment I realised I was not the only one to keep secrets of such gravity and it made me feel more understood and close to him than ever before. I may sound like a young girl who has received her first compliment from a dashing gentleman in that moment, but when I think back to that dashing gentleman standing in front of me, I cannot find it in my heart to care. “Now, I enjoy a woman's beauty, I have loved my fair share of them in my years. However, I can also not deny the elegance in a strong, masculine jawline or lean body.” He looked at me with all the confidence and ease of mind that I could never find from my youth into my adulthood on the matter. Without making any assumptions about my friend's upbringing, I, for my part, have never openly denied or confirmed any assumptions directed at my preferences, in the silent fear that I may be found out. Meanwhile, this man presents himself a soldier through and through. He made me realise, once more, where my attraction towards him originated from, from where it drew it's strength and what kept it so strong and alive.
“As if he's never lied to you! What about his supposed death? Was that not a lie?!”
John slid his sword back into his belt and, looking Sherlock in the eyes, took off his hat, planting it on the thick, dark curls with a satisfied “perfect!”
angry at me?” he asked Sherlock after a moment.
As Captain Blackbeard, he had been sailing the seas for more than a decade and while most pirates feared these fantastical creatures, he did not. He was not as sure about his crew, but it hardly matters. He had not grown up and deserved himself the title of a Captain to have his men doubt him or order his beliefs. To Sherlock, the sea was the only mystery to worship.
“The girl was an athlete with a habit of chewing gum. The killer placed the rope inside her mouth for her to hang on to for as long as she could, so he could escape in the meantime and get an alibi for the time of death.”
There was a brief moment in which John looked at him irritated, but as soon as it passed, John drew one leg up onto the bed, turning towards Sherlock more. “I'm, uh.. I'm sorry about-”
“No.”
“Why him?”
They had miscounted, missed one member of the group and John took the gun shot for it.
John erupted an embarrassed chuckle, before his eyes fell on his watch. “Oh, crap, I forgot I'm supposed to take the early shift today! I have to go, sorry.” he explained hastily, grabbing his coat and shoes and dashing out the door only to come back in a second later. “Anything for dinner?”
Dread settled within John. He hadn't expected Sherlock would react so strongly. “Calm down. It's just like I told you, I'm a vampire, we just.. have these.”
John smiled again and licked his lips, considering what to say next. “Dinner?”
“Why don't you get them?”
After his quick tour to Mrs. Hudson's 'grave', which had become more of a habit than he would like to admit, he went to turn in for the night.
Excitedly, I sat back down, on the edge of the seat, leaning forward. My body was humming with the anxious need to further confess and address. I had no doubt, if ever I was certain of a circumstance, that he knew like I did, that we shared these emotions for one another. “In light of this revelation, perhaps I should come forth with another confession.”
you okay with it?”
“Not yet.” came the simple reply, followed by a companionable quiet that was very customary to them.
“And what about you, dear? Don't you want some sweets as well?” She asked him with a kind smile.
“I tend to do that, don't I?” Sherlock said with a smirk.
John blinked. “I know.”
“Just figured you might want to put on something clean.” He also left a strip of painkillers on the coffee table and then left for the kitchen, giving Sherlock privacy and filling the kettle with water. By the time tea was ready, Sherlock had turned on his unharmed side and faced the wall.
They shared a fond grin and shortly after, Holmes let him know that he was good to continue. Watson rocked them back and forth on the tiny space that was the chaise longue. It wasn't long until Holmes began to moan his pleasure into Watson's mouth. With a closer look, he could see the flutter of Holmes' lids, his eyes rolled back. His hand grabbed the doctor's shoulder, the other hanging on to the furniture, and he dug in his short nails, over and over with each tilt of his hips by his partner's doing.
Most of the time, however, Sherlock had his ear pressed to John's heart when they lay on the beach. Sometimes, John fell asleep. Sometimes he woke up as Sherlock kissed his chest.
“To protect
pretence marriage, I would like to be a part of it again. Fully.”
Hours of sipping, eating and watching (and Sherlock pointing out mistakes and unnecessary dialogue) later, John turned to where Sherlock leaned back into the cushions, and pillows he had added, heavily, and gave him a small smile. “You didn't like it, then?”
Sherlock, the bastard, smiled as he returned John look. “You were there.”
The blond considered lying, but it wouldn't do much for either of them and, hearing the rush of blood and Sherlock's heart beat so quickly next to him, he decided that trying to play it off was not really going to help. Sherlock really seemed to care for him. “Yeah, not so great..” he answered, avoiding Sherlock's gaze with his own glassy, red eyes.
“Would you really?”
John leaned down and kissed him. He whispered before he left. “How about you come to bed? More space. Blanket and pillows.”
John hung his head, licked his lips and sighed. “I found you where you were bound to die. I am not keen on having you back out here.”
Sherlock blushed, smiling shyly. “Thank you.. What are you?”
“Nooooo!” The little boy whined, stomping his small feet in petulance.
“I confess to not knowing much about your kind. I am aware you exist and how many of you live in this country, I keep the number in check. As for you motivation, I remain clueless, albeit, I have never had the chance to really talk to one of you in such kind. I hold no interest in doing so.”
“Mh. You know my record. Sherlock will come to no harm through me.”
The ex-soldier trusted his hearing mostly, listening to their shuffling, groaning, stomping and breathing. They dropped the bags silently. He rounded a corner, knife lifted to suspected head-level and hit home, taking down a Constable with gunshot wounds in his chest. Taking off the man's shoe, hiding behind a chair, he tossed the boot right across the room, the three remaining corpses stopping their aimless tracks to inspect the noise. He motioned for Sherlock to take the opportunity and take one down as well. Going in with close to no risk was good enough for him to have Sherlock make a move. Unfortunately the third one was alerted by the thumping of a body hitting the floor behind him, so John let his one drop, instead of bringing her down noiselessly, kicked the interested body hard and stabbed its head when it had stumbled to the ground.
Mary nodded, unimpressed. “Sorry to have wasted your time.” she concluded, then left the room. It was no use trying to talk about this serious topic when everyone was just edgy about it. Another time.
Later that day, however, on television news, there was a report about how all four had died within five hours; how they had woken up again and attacked the hospital staff until they were caught by the police and locked away, the building set under quarantine. The authorities, however, refused to give any information on what was happening.
“That is what I wanted you to assume.”
A broad hand smoothed over his cheek into his hair, cupping the back of his head. John turned them on their sides and took the initiative. His thin lips felt odd against Sherlock's plush ones, but they also felt right in place, filling in a space he wasn't aware was empty before. It wasn't long before John drew back, breaking their contact. Before Sherlock could ask anything, John was already speaking. “Well, that was not what I expected.”
Sherlock groaned in annoyance again, throwing his head back, about to snap back at John, when he paused. “Why is there some mistletoe hanging from our door frame, John?” Sherlock questioned, not remembering it having been there before.
John did just the same. They had their clothes together in one bag and two more spacious backpacks with their canned food, some of it packed with their clothes, just so they could take as much as possible. The mobile and internet networks had broken down two days ago, electric utilities had shut down in the entire country as well. Everything had shut down. They still hadn't heard from Mycroft, so he was either dead or wouldn't be able to reach them again. They were going
“It's so nice how you're taking care of him. You can be such a good man sometimes.”
“Yes, mother I am. However my men are all dead.” he said sadly.
“I might as well tell you,” Sherlock began, feeling brave in this moment, but then hesitating again. He couldn't take back that bit and he doubted John would push him if he didn't say any more, bu he felt ridiculous about it. “I'm also homosexual.” He sounded almost defensive.
God, it felt fantastic. He nearly forgot himself over it.
Sherlock watched his face as John seemingly collected his thoughts. His pupils were blown wide. Sherlock thought it incredibly attractive. With the dishevelled hair and faster breathing, John looked to him like pure sex. “Coffee or tea?” he found himself asking.
“I pose no threat to your brother and I never intended to do so. If I did, he'd be long dead.” John stood his ground. He was aware that Mycroft had the power to have him killed just for being who he was, if only he wished to. He also knew, that trying to soft-soap Mycroft would be exactly what could get him killed.
Sherlock cringed at his improper grammar but let it slide. The water was cold as it was the beginning of December. The tunnels maintain a constant temperature year-round but water seeping in from the surface was an exception.
"Well, I guess it would depend on what I'm eating, although I hardly understand how this is important John. We aren't eating."
Night was falling over London, John was sat on the sofa watching some trashy reality show that had recently become his guilty pleasure as he kept an eye on the detective who seemed content to sit at his microscope. Before he knew it he had lapful of lanky detective, dark curls laying against his crème sweater. Sherlock’s face pressed into the softer area of his tummy, inhaling the scent that could only be John. The doctor ran his fingers through the curls and laughed when Sherlock preened into his touch like a cat. They stayed like that for what could have been hours or minutes, time wasn’t relevant for the next few days.
Molly and John’s. He took a sigh of relief that it wasn’t Victor returning to antagonize him again.
***********************************************
John chuckled softly, “that’s not what I meant, but I don’t plan on stopping.” He replied with another firm squeeze to Sherlock’s backside. “what do you need from me so that I’m not hindering our relationship.”
As the time grew closer to needing to leave the flat Sherlock’s stomach grew uneasy. John insisted he eat a few bites of something before they left, but knew this time it was nerves and not an eating disorder telling Sherlock not to eat. The doctor made sure to throw in a few snacks in Sherlock’s small briefcase. A crowd had begun to form near their door and Sherlock peered down at them through the sheer curtains. Many people just stood watching, a few held up signs that had various versions of, ‘ we support Sherlock’, and all of them wielded cameras ready to fire as soon as the detective stepped foot out of the flat. He saw their cab pull up and heard John’s phone ring confirming they were coming. They met Mrs. Hudson at the door of her flat and John positioned her between him and Sherlock to protect her from the crowd. It was a chaotic few seconds but they all safely made it into the back seat of the cab. Sherlock replayed what some of the bystanders had shouted, “ we believe you”, “ thank you for standing up for others.” “we are here for you.” The detective shook his head, “I don’t understand, John. Those people…they are all so supportive. I don’t even know them, they don’t know me.”
"Yes, Mycroft I'm quite worried about him." John said taking a sip of water.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, something he knew John despised when he did. He took note of the way John began biting the inside of his cheek in anger. " nearly a dozen times in the past 48 hours you've almost touched me and decided not to. You've barely kissed me when you’d normally have your mouth on mine every chance you get. You've deliberately not instigated sex today when I know you wanted it last night and this morning. You've gone back to treating me like you were months ago! Im not who I was months ago, I’ve changed, grown, evolved, whatever the hell you want to call it- its time you do the same."
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Hey, it's alright" John sank down to his knees beside Sherlock and brought him into his chest. "I'm not mad."
Meanwhile at Tesco, John was placing a few items in his basket and thinking about how their night had changed so quickly. A strawberry blonde figure caught his attention. The memories of Sherlock tonight filled his head and he was overwhelmed with anger. He grabbed the last few things he needed and rushed to the checkout. When he pulled his dark jumper up closer to his mouth and put the hood up on his jacket. He set the few bags of groceries behind a corner and watched the Tesco door. Finally, he saw Victor come out and start to round the corner he was waiting beside. “fuck moral code” he thought to himself as he stuck his foot out and tripped the younger man. When Victor fell to the sidewalk John got on top of him and tangled his fist in his hair, pulling his head back before slamming it back down on the sidewalk. He gave him a hard, quick kick in the stomach before grabbing his groceries and running off, unnoticed. The adrenaline was pumping hard through John’s veins.
"Doesn't matter, none of my business but I came here because I need Sherlock to come look at a few things we found."
"Don't use me to get him to do things." John took sherlocks hand as they walked out the automatic  doors and to a car.
(See the end of the chapter for
Victor nodded, “yeah, well he did actually. You stopped replying back to him shortly after he called. He said you do that a lot, just set your phone down and forget about it when he’s still on the call.”
John nodded " yes, I'm sorry."
John sighed and shut a cabinet a little too hard, “well, that’s not what I asked is it?” he shot back, taking Sherlock by surprise.
There was a fire lit behind Sherlock’s eyes, “It is over. It has been for a long time. It’s ALL over.” His voice was strong and clear, surprising even himself.
" that wasn't sex Sherlock. I mean technically it was, but that isn't how it's supposed to be"
(See the end of the chapter for
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
(See the end of the chapter for
AUTHORS NOTE
"Yes."
Breaking News: Explosion in the Catacombs
“I’m so sorry to drop by unannounced” Emily said, and John insisted it was alright and helped her remove her coat.
"I'm a doctor, I can care for him to an extent if that would help his release"
"No, John he didn't, even before he became abusive we never 'cuddled' never held hands, never just sat and watched Telly, never complimented one another. It was nothing like you and I, which is good I suppose. Great even."
“Mr. Holmes!” the judge snapped
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
John grinned," of course"
The doctor let his hand lazily drift down Sherlock’s body. Past his ribs, dipping with his waist, up his hips, over his perfect arse, and finally brushing down his thigh. Just as he was going to repeat the pattern in the opposite direction, he felt something rough. He let his fingertips graze over a set of sandpaper like scabs. John closed his eyes and tried to repress the lump in his throat. He knew immediately what they were, not even Sherlock would mistake John so stupid as to try to lie and say he got those in the catacombs. As a doctor John knew they had been healing for a few days now, but he still couldn’t help asking himself when and why?
They grabbed their luggage and loaded into the cab.
"Sherlock I'm not going to let you make yourself uncomfortable and upset to please me."
Sherlock shook his head lightly, curls swaying with the movement, “it’s alright. Really. Just give me some time.”
The judge redirected her attention to Victor, beckoning him to release his statement.
The court was dismissed. Unlike the last time the room was let out, Sherlock was the last to leave. He sat quietly with Johns hand firmly on his knee and the doctors gaze nearly burning a hole in his face. When there was no one left but the two of them, John stood and extended his hand for Sherlock to take. They waited for their cab along with Mrs. Hudson, who kept audibly quiet but her sympathetic eyes were deafeningly loud. John kept a close watch on his partner, almost desperate for a sign that Sherlock was in distress and needed him to come to his rescue, but troublesome sorrows never showed across the detectives face.
“Emily!..Emily Trevor!” He yelled at the top of his lungs as he walked through the dark tunnels. His phone battery was beginning to drain from how often he had been checking the time, by now sun would be setting over Paris. He called out several more times before he heard something crinkle, it was a noise similar to the sound an empty water bottle makes when you crush it in your hands. Sherlock followed the direction the sound came from. It wasn’t long until his flashlight caught the color of a light pink blouse. The figure blocked the light with her hands. “Emily” Sherlock said barely above his breath. Her body looked frail and thin, her clothes and hair disheveled, and she was shaking almost violently.
Sherlock had already started walking away when John thanked Greg and jogged to catch up with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Almost forgot the candle!" Angelo said coming near them holding a small flame.
Sherlock looked over and gave john a feint smile.
"No, absolutely not. Not when you are under any sort of substance."
" we should try that. All of that tonight."
"I'm not."
John had always been concerned about Sherlock’s weight. The man looked so fragile, like he could break at any moment. Maybe it was because John was a doctor or maybe because he was his friend but either way Sherlock’s dwindling weight had gotten out of control. That morning at breakfast John offered him a piece of toast but he insisted he wasn't hungry. Same at lunch and dinner.
He leaned his head against the cool tile wall as he sobbed with frustration. Not fear or anger. Pure frustration and he wasn’t even sure if it was directed towards Victor or himself.
John took up residency in his chair and did some work from his laptop as Sherlock continued to pace between the wall of pictures and post it notes and his desk. John’s phone buzzed and before he could check who the text was from Sherlock dropped his head back and groaned, “Mycroft is here.” John glanced at his phone and sure enough the text was from Sherlock’s brother, requesting to be let in. John made his way downstairs to let the older Holmes in. “Doctor Watson, always a pleasure.” Mycroft said as he began climbing the steps, John following behind him.
Lestrade was silent for a moment, “ I’ll give you 10 minutes in her apartment, but someone has to be there with you from my team and since I assume you want to keep this on the down low it will have to be me.” Sherlock shook his head, “no I need to make sure Victor is with you. He can’t know we went back to her apartment.”  Lestrade sighed, “I can’t let you in there alone. John, why don’t you stay with Victor. I’ll give him some fake paperwork to fill out and you can keep an eye on him while Sherlock and I run out there.” Just as Sherlock was about to protest John agreed.
John pinched the bridge of his nose at Sherlock’s moody tone and quickly found himself standing over the detective, " what the hell are you on about, Sherlock? I'm going to try really hard to ignore the fact you just implied I’m a slag."
"Hmm"
“First day of senior year, man!” Greg enthusiastically clapped his hands down on John’s shoulders. “Come on, aren’t you the least bit excited?”
John had almost forgot about his erection. It had now gone flaccid and he wasn't bothered by it. " no beautiful, I'm fine. What about you? Do you want me to do anything for you?"
“oh my god.” They both sighed as they came down from their high.
Sherlock straightened his posture and began to reclaim his time, “ As I was saying, the two wires as the base of the plug were electric conductors that connected to a remote, obviously controlled by the abuser, Victor Trevor. He would retrain me, insert the plug, and spontaneously electrocute me whenever and whatever voltage he saw fit. Often times I would pass out from the pain. I sometimes pleaded with the universe to kill me.” Sherlock’s regained confidence seemed to wear off far too fast and he was desperate for another hit of his new drug, John Watson, who had just proved he could make anything better. “ Victor would have company over, select company, and…” deep breath “ it was a frequent occasion for the remote to be passed around the room. used at the holders discretion.”
When they arrived at the tarmac Mycroft was waiting for them. The sun was barely beginning to show itself on the horizon. As they boarded Mycroft’s private plane the older Holmes brother held John back and reminded him of the promise he had made to look after his brother, as if it didn’t weigh heavily enough on the good doctor.
“ I created a list of symptoms in order to get an antibiotic that would ward off infections. I did my research.”
"Lestrade, Sherlock"
He and John had decided against any PDA during these days, in an attempt to preserve their privacy. But when Sherlock’s eyes fell on Victor’s bright orange jumpsuit, his breath hitched and he took John’s hand ,who squeezed it reassuringly. He watched as four officers escorted a handcuffed Victor closer to him and John. They all lingered close together in the small waiting area. When Victor walked by he loudly clanked the cuffs together and smirked in Sherlock direction before speaking in a low cynical tone, “ I remember how lovely you used to look in these.” One of the officers jerked him away from the detective and kept him moving into the courtroom. John bit down on his cheek and wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist, “I won’t let him touch you. It’s going to be fine.”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"I was wondering the same thing"
Please comment with any ideas suggestions and feedback! i hope you all enjoy this chapter! lots of love <3
Mrs. Hudson went back downstairs, and john turned to Sherlock, seemingly snapping him out of a small trance. “Sherlock, I need to change your bandages. Let’s do that now please before I forget.” Sherlock nodded and john prepared some gauze and antiseptic as Sherlock took a seat at their little kitchen table littered with beakers and pipets. John sat down with his materials and unwrapped the bandage from the previous evening. John looked at sherlocks arm with sad eyes, so much pain and suppressed emotion hidden beneath those cuts and piercingly white scars. “they are looking better everyday love; they really are healing nicely. you should be able to stop wearing the bandage at the end of next week probably.” John said affirmatively and Sherlock gave him a small smile, “ I’ve had a great doctor watching over me.” John leaned in and gave him a small kiss smiling as he pulled away.
John racked his brain with replays of conversations he and Sherlock had over how he would rather do anything than hash out the details of his abuse in front of a jury. John knew it could very well be the downfall of the man he loved, a reset in all the progress that had been made, and that it could make Sherlock feel utterly worthless in the eyes of the world and everyone who knew him. The good doctor couldn’t help that his blood was near boiling at the thought of that happening to his lover.
"Sherlock that feels so good" he gently placed his fingers in sherlocks hair, making an effort to show him he wasn't going to push his head down. John was getting so close when Sherlock tried to take him even further into his mouth. John felt his cock hit the back of sherlocks throat and Sherlock gagged and quickly pulled off coughing.
“Mr Trevor you are not allowed to change your official plea in the middle of the hearing.”
AUTHORS NOTE
Stay safe and healthy. Lots of love...
John clenched his fists at his side and turned around to face his boyfriend, " I don't really want to kiss an ashtray."
“Sherlock” a small raspy voice finally made itself known
John laughed lightly, "whatever you say love" he rolled over and put an arm over sherlocks torso and pulled him closer. Sherlock let out a content sigh and smiled against Johns neck. "This is nice"
(See the end of the chapter for
“what are they doing here?” the baritone voice cut through the flat and John gave a frown of disapproval.
As Sherlock sat in the cab on the way home he reflected on the how he remembered Emily Trevor and specifically one memory that has stayed with him all this time. Emily is significantly younger than Sherlock and victor, when Sherlock was 18 she was barely 8 years old. There were many nights Sherlock slept at victor’s house, but one particular evening victor came back from class and he and Sherlock got into an argument over something insignificant but as per usual victor blew up about it. During the scuffle of it all he had managed to get the box cutter blade Sherlock had been cutting with “you want to cut yourself up? Draw attention to yourself and try to make people feel bad for you? Are you that pathetic and desperate for attention that you still do this, aren’t you a little old for this now? It would be a lot easier for people to pity you if you didn’t hide what you do under those shirts. Well, let’s see how many people care when you’ve got cuts on full display, probably the same number of people who care when you hide them. None.” Victor took the blade and slid it across sherlocks cheekbone, and he felt the blood beginning to cascade down his face. He reached to wipe at the blood, but victor pinned his hands down and pressed the blade to his throat. “Do you want to die Sherlock?” he held the blade firm and Sherlock choked out a “no” victor dragged the blade along his throat and laughed, he had the dull side pressed and no physical damage was done. Victor got up and left, leaving Sherlock shaking in both fear and relief on the floor. Evening was setting in and the house was barely lit, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and opened the freezer to get ice to apply to his face. He took a painkiller and sat on the couch and finally let himself cry. A Few tears had escaped his eyes when a small voice asked him “Sherlock, are you okay?” it was Emily- small, innocent, little Emily. Despite sherlocks normally rude demeanor he was actually very gentle with kids, but he’d never let anyone know that. “yes, I’m alright. Do you need anything?” he asked the little girl who climbed onto the couch next to him and looked deeply at him. “no, I’m good. You seem sad.” Her eyes expressed so much concern that it nearly caused Sherlock to let another tear fall. “I’m not sad, I’m-“he had taken the ice pack off his cut and bruise “ you’re bleeding” Emily said grabbing the cloth from sherlocks hand and pressing it to his wound. “you know, I want to be a doctor when I grow up.” Sherlock shook his head “I didn’t know that, I’m sure you’ll be a very good one, doctor Emily.” The little girl laughed and removed the cloth and smiled seeing that the bleeding had stopped, “there, no more blood. Now we have to watch a movie.” She said excitedly. Sherlock looked down at her, “why is that?” Emily thought for a minute “well, because sometimes people who are hurt on the outside are also hurting on the inside and doctors are supposed to help them feel better with that too.” Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at how profound what she said really was, especially for a young child. She picked her favorite funny movie and sat down next to Sherlock, cuddling in close to his side. They sat there quietly and for the first time in a long time, Sherlock felt at peace.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded.
A few members of the police force helped escort them inside the building as others controlled the crowd. Emily and her parents were the first to be noticed by Sherlock. She caught a glimpse of Sherlock and ran to him throwing her arms around his neck and kissing his cheek before doing to same to John. Mr. and Mrs. Trevor walked cautiously towards the couple and their daughter. Sherlock held his breath and John chewed the inside of his bottom lip out of nervous habit. “Sherlock, it’s been so long. We wish we were seeing one another under happier occasions.” Mr. Trevor spoke clearly in his deep voice. Sherlock could only nod. “ we want to thank you for saving our daughter, we owe you so much. And…we are deeply troubled to find out about…well-” Mrs. Trevor stumbled through her words. “you’re welcome. You were always kind and welcoming to me. I know this time can’t be easy for you.” Sherlock spoke eloquently and with compassion, taking even John by surprise. They parted ways and John and Sherlock watched as friends and family began pouring through the doors. Sherlock’s parents came first, then Mycroft who reluctantly took the days off to support and testify on behalf of his little brother, Lestrade came next, then Molly and Anthea, even Anderson and Donovan.
