It was fifteen minutes and one break into the fight and the two men were hugging each other in a masculine display of fatigue. When they broke apart The Brick moved quicker than The Spy. Landing a solid shot to the smaller man’s gut, then a quick jab to his jaw and the middleweight was propelled against the barrier falling to the ground, right in front of John.
Suddenly, with the speed of a striking snake, her father reached out and grabbed her by the hair at the back of her head, yanking her out of the chair. Clementine gave a short startled cry.
“That’s not their job!” Sherlock hollered.
Wow. It’s been a whole year since I’ve last written you. Things got pretty difficult after mom died and I think the days have just kind of been slipping by for quite some time. Anyway, I hope you are still at Baker Street. Otherwise this is all in vain.
His mind scrambled for a solution. When he couldn’t deduce the answer, when he felt so helpless and frail, he sang.
“She isn’t why we are here.” Mycroft responded.
Sherlock moaned at the filthy moniker and John stored that piece of information for later use. It had been a risky move, but it paid off.
In short order, before Sherlock had time to recuperate all his faculties, John retreated to the bathroom returning with a warm washcloth. He quickly wiped up the mess on both Sherlock and himself, then tentatively lay next to Sherlock on the bed, wrapping an arm around his waist.
John slowly brought his hand up to the middle of the other man’s back and pushed him forward gently. John pushed until Sherlock was on all fours, Clementine’s limp body still splayed out beneath him. John reached behind him to grab the bottle of lube he had seen next to the condoms, throwing it onto the bed next to him.
But it was too late. Sherlock watched as time slowed to a crawl. He saw in painstaking detail how John rushed to tackle the suspect, trying to wrap his arms around the man. He saw the look in the man’s eyes, the determination, the fortitude as he simply plowed through John taking him over the edge of the building with him.
He had been called upon to attend a fundraiser put on by one Miss Irene Adler, fiancé to some rich lawyer. Several of the women in the society department had been chomping at the bit to attend this event, but in the end Sarah chose John.
John had finally lost control over his voice. He was sobbing slightly and his hands were shaking.
If you get this please write back.
On those nights John makes a cup of tea, turns on the tellie, lifts Sherlock’s legs and sits on the couch, letting the lanky man’s legs rest on his lap.
John thought for a moment. He pulled out his phone and inspected the texts.
John took his phone from where Sherlock still clutched it, crossed into the living room and grabbed his jacket from the floor where it still lay.
Her father was throwing one of his many client parties. He was the best financial advisor in the UK. Among his clients were the richest of business world, the most influential of the political world, and more recently some of the oldest landowners in Britain. Old money, they were called.
John pulled Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers and splayed his hands on the man’s bare back, needing to feel the heat of his skin. Sherlock moaned into John’s mouth at the contact.
“Sounds like you guys need to batten down the hatches there,” she said, slipping her blouse back on.
Suddenly Sherlock’s hands were on John’s shoulders pushing his jacket off. John began kicking out of his shoes, never once losing contact with Sherlock’s lips.
She hadn’t.
“To London’s seedy underbelly,” John held up his glass in toast.
With one sweeping move, John pushed the pile of newspapers and petri dishes off the table, just narrowly avoiding the expensive-looking microscope. He then grabbed the other man around the waist and hoisted him onto the cleared surface.
Sherlock felt as though he was going to burst from within. Pressure building up deep inside, but the rough texture of his trousers, the constriction of the tight space kept him on edge, never allowing him to completely come apart.
They both sheepishly shook their heads.
“I’m more disappointed that you didn’t let me know. I would have loved to hear about it.”
Then he thrust up into her and stilled.
Congratulations graduate! I was glad to see you showed up for the ceremony. Mycroft probably made you go, didn’t he? I know you probably didn’t want me there, but I wanted to be there. I looked up the ceremony information on the university’s website and I stayed in the back rows. I am so proud of you Sherlock. You are a mad genius and now a doctor to boot!
“Did you think I wouldn’t come?” He asked in a husky voice as she peeled his coat from his shoulders, throwing it in a heap by the door. As soon as his arms were free from the garment he wrapped them back around the woman in front of him.
"Listen, John, dating really isn't my area." She said, shifting the conversation back on track.
“I was just looking for our dear friend Mr. Holmes.”
, John thought.
With a few more deep thrusts and tight strokes Sherlock was cumming. John thrust one more time deep inside and then stroked him through it, aiming his prick so Sherlock’s cum landed in thick ropes across luscious cleavage of Clementine’s breasts. He could just see it over Sherlock’s shoulder. Her skin glistened with his release. He wanted to lean over and lick it from her hard pink nipples.
“There. That’s better.” John said with a sweet smile.
“No. No.”
“Some chemicals were mislabeled and…she accidentally made a toxic gas. She died late last night. A lab assistant found her this morning.”
It didn’t matter though. The owner of the footsteps knew she was in there and walked right around the chair to face her.
“Why? Because he proved that even though he’s younger than you he is significantly smarter?”
“Clementine? Are you listening to me?” She tore her gaze from the window.
The shorter man stilled at the words. They had never done that before. Sherlock had sucked him off plenty of times, but he had never been inside John. And at that moment John wondered why on earth not.
“What about me?” Sherlock snapped back.
I’m in a hospital in Germany right now. My wound become badly infected. I have been extremely ill for weeks, but things look to be on the mend. Sorry about the poor writing. I seem to have developed a tremor in my hand. Nerve damage, most likely. I must have also injured my leg somehow during it all as it has become very painful to walk.
John Watson was a menace. He had been a rather new addition to Sherlock’s and Clementine’s life. Yet, somehow, he had slowly eased into a space Sherlock hadn’t realized was empty. The tall man had a sickly sinking feeling now that, were John to leave, the space he filled would no longer be an ignorable anomaly. It would be a gaping maw intent on devouring their hearts.
the tales and collars of the white tie apparel did not look garish and squatty. His tux cut a strong figure, curving in at his waist, sharpening his shoulders. His long pale neck perfectly complemented the cut of his shirt collar. A crisp white square peeked out of his breast pocket.
John leaned against the headboard of Clementine’s bed, staring at her back. She was rocking back and forth on Sherlock’s lap, slowly fucking him. Sherlock’s head was at the foot of the bed and John couldn’t see his face.
“Sherlock Holmes, it is the principal of the thing. You cannot just drop by unannounced and demand that I change my plans. I have my own life. I love you, but you have to stop this.”
I’ve made Captain! I think it was the recommendation from…
Sherlock steepled his hands under his chin and closed his eyes, “Mind palace.”
He focused his eyes, the delicious memory fading from view. Garrett, a triage nurse, was standing in front of him holding a clipboard. John straightened his posture in a vain attempt to appear attentive.
“Sherlock,” she began.
He gently pulled his arm from her grip and got into the cab. Immediately she pulled her phone out and called Mycroft.
John looked down at Clementine and without thinking reached his hand out and lightly stroked her forehead, where Sherlock had just pressed his lips. The amount of relief he felt for the ending of this ordeal betrayed his better sense. He looked down at the woman lovingly and with a tender expression.
“But you let him fuck you?” There was no malice in his voice. It was as if he were coaxing her to admit an embarrassing moment. It entertained him. Pleased him.
“Yeeeeeessssss,” she moaned out as he deepened his thrusts and tightened his grip in her hair.
When he pulled up to 221b Baker Street he paused an inch away from the door. Then swiftly he turned and began walking away, changing his mind. Almost immediately, he turned and headed back to 221b, only to hesitate again.
They both moaned at his words. John punctuating his sentence with a particularly deep thrust of his fingers. Without taking those fingers out of Sherlock, John reached over for a condom and deftly rolled it onto his stiff prick, dribbling a few drops of lube onto the tip.
John jogged up and down the alley for a moment, peering in doorways and around corners to see if he could find the man, but he was gone.
Sherlock remained stoic, but Clementine gave a soft smile of affirmation. John turned to Sherlock and held his hand out as a gesture to rise from the chair. With a skeptical and somewhat confused look, Sherlock hesitantly took the offered hand and rose from the chair. Sherlock was taller for sure, but in his barefoot and boneless state this difference was lessened.
“As am I.”
We have a new major for our company. His name is Sholto. James Sholto. Sorry, that kind of makes him sound like James Bond. He’s quite serious, though, almost overly so. But he’s also sharp as a tack and quick witted. He doesn’t suffer fools lightly and will put anyone in their place anytime they need putting. He reminds me a lot of you in so many ways, actually. Which is doubly funny because I’ve always seen you as a bit of a James Bond-esq figure. Tall, dark, handsome, smart, and pretty good in a fight I recon.
“Freak!” They jeered.
He spied a large ornate set of French doors leading out to a balcony.
John and Sherlock have an adventure and learn a bit about what the other has been up to.
Then John felt it. Soft palms running down his back. The heavy weight of breasts brushing against his shoulders. Wet lips trailing kisses across his neck. The weight of the lithe body against his back grounded him.
They ran through London, chasing a cab, which turned out to have an American tourist in it. Not a murder, according to Sherlock. They were back at Baker Street and Lestrad was calling Sherlock a junkie. A junkie? The sad look in Sherlock’s eyes told John that there was far more about this man that he needed to know and he felt more desperate than ever to know it. Once again, before he had adequate time to sort out these thoughts, the night shifted.
Clem just sighed. “No, but I do the laundry anyway so this actually saves me from going to his room to get it.”
John could feel Sherlock’s body clenching around him. He was close too. He could feel the buildup in the pit of his stomach. Once Sherlock had come down from the last wave of his orgasm, just before John was about to spill over the edge, he pulled out jerking his cock furiously.
“Pleasure to meet you Mr. Holmes.”
“You get the upstairs room!” Clementine called back to him as she walked a box of her belongings to the back bedroom beyond the kitchen.
“I think the time for talk is over boys. All I want to hear is the sound of you two fucking each other into oblivion. Put that brilliant cock of yours to work, John Watson.”
“Milk?” He asked without turning around.
What actually came out of Sherlock’s mouth was, “Move in.”
Clementine had been raised with manners and was adept at executing them in the most hostile and stressful of situations. It was mere reflex to dispense formalities at this point. She gave another small smile and scooted into her apartment. Well, not hers.
“You are so gorgeous. Look at you. You want to cum so badly don’t you?” Her words were like warm honey.
“John is not riff raff.” Came Sherlock’s deep voice entering the fray.
It wasn’t a complete lie. She hadn’t recognized the boy as belonging to the Holmes family, but she knew the name well. They were one of the most well respected wealthiest land owners in Britain. They even had social connections to the royal family. They were by far her father’s most coveted and newest clients.
“This.” She waved her hand to the restaurant, the table, the candle. “When you said you wanted to get dinner I was thinking takeaway not candle light.”
The sound pierced Sherlock’s ears as he frantically looked for the source. There he was. John had managed to grab onto an ornate piece of architecture, jutting out from the side of the building. He clung there precariously.
After a few moments he let her slip from between his lips with a lascivious pop.
Standing in the doorway was not Sebastian Wilkes and the other kids. It was a tall boy, probably about 14, with short well kempt auburn hair. He was dressed in a sleek three piece suit and tie. Too formal for his age, but somehow it oddly fit him.
Sherlock landed a particularly well placed cross to The Brick’s face that had him buckled over in pain. The chiseled beauty turned to John and caught his eye. John froze, heart beating a war march in his rib cage. Sherlock shot him a stunning, self-satisfied grin.
“Next to all of that was a plastic container. It was heavy and when I cracked the lid it smelled sweet and rotten. So I’m guessing it is the chewed up remains of the cookies and candies that were once in the empty wrappers. Now why would someone chew food with no intention of swallowing? The most likely of answers is to avoid gaining weight. However, you are only nine. While not unheard of, it seems unlikely that you have developed this eating disorder in response to the pressures of societal beauty standards. Your intense fear response suggests self-preservation, but from what or whom? You mentioned that your father has a temper. Fathers tend to be the perpetrators in abusive households, so your father is the most likely scenario. Given the pretentious and competitive nature of our polite society you are likely held to strict standards of appearance, including weight. Your father has probably outlawed sweets in your home so as not to enable you, and probably your mother as well, to gain weight. So when you get the chance, I’m guessing late at night, you sneak under your bed to eat all the sweeties you want, but you spit them back out so that you will not gain weight and incur your father’s wrath. Simple.”
“God you look so fucking gorgeous with two cocks inside of you. You take it so fucking good.”
Sherlock went limp, collapsing onto John, who gathered him up in his arms. John peppered kisses around the top of Sherlock’s head.
“He is the British government," Sherlock interjected, "When he’s not too busy being the British secret service.”
“Fuck her good and hard Sherlock.” He barked.
“Slip your fingers between her lips.”
“Fuuuuc—” John’s moan cutoff by Sherlock swallowing him down.
“Fine. Once Sherlock is out I will have my men bring her to hospital.”
Sherlock’s eyes fell from John’s to stare at where his cock was sinking into Clementine’s slick, pink, and
John flipped on the torch app on Sherlock’s phone and set about following Clementine’s instructions.
It was better to be alone. It’s best to leave when no one will miss you. That was something he could trust in. When he leaves this world, tonight perhaps, no one will missing him. He even doubted anyone would know he was gone.
“Yes. Yes.” Sherlock was desperate. “Stretch me out. Fill me up. I want it. I want your cock so bad.”
“Yes love?” Came Sherlock’s deep husky response. The constant strain of taking John’s thick cock into his throat had left his voice ragged.
On these evenings John would often grab take-out and head over to Baker Street after clerkship. One or both of his partners would be home when he got there. They would sit around the living room eating the take-out and talking. Every now and again Clementine or John would cook.
“Chinese or Indian?” he replied.
John proceeded to deftly undo the buttons of Sherlock’s trousers, pulling them open and shifting them down as much as he could, given their positions. Then slowly and with the greatest of care, John reached into Sherlock’s pants and guided his hard, aching cock out into the open.
Suddenly he pulled his hands from her pants and wrists and wrapped his arms around her. Bodily he grabbed her by the bum hoisting her up. She let out a slight squeak wrapping her arms around his shoulders and her legs around his waist. He carried her to the bed practically throwing her down.
Slowly John kissed up her leg. He spread her legs just wide enough he could fit his head. When he reached the top he kissed those slick soft lips. He could feel her dripping on his face. He licked her slit, sucking her soft lips into his mouth.
Sherlock looked at her a bit confused.
Sherlock hadn’t actually struck him, but John felt punched in the gut. Was it really his fault? Of course it was. He had messed this whole thing up. Tears began spilling down John’s face, but he didn’t make a sound, just stood there in the middle of the living room. Sherlock shot him a disgusted look.
John felt a clenching in his chest, an overwhelming feeling of relief and desperation all mixed together.
“Yes!” Sherlock gasped out his answer, desperate.
“Looks like you are in more danger than I am,” she said. “I will be just fine. It won’t be the first time I’ve slept in the lounge. Sherlock can attest to that.”
Sebastian Moran was a mid-level drug dealer. Not exactly a criminal mastermind. It didn’t take long for Mycroft to find him and only slightly longer for his men to locate Sherlock, squatting in an abandon building with a group of other junkies.
Once the fighter was erect John was face-to-face with the object of his desire. Through the sweat, the blood, and the dirt that caked his face, a smile crossed his lips, a smile that John had seen before. The last time he had seen this smile it had been encased in a cloud of smoke on the balcony of Irene Adler’s house in the hills.
It took Sherlock a moment to register the words, before he crashed back into John, wrapping him in his arms.
She squeezed his hand tighter around the locket.
John smiled to himself.
Slowly he built up a steady rhythm. He could feel the head of John’s prick brushing against his prostate sporadically. Each time it sent an electric pulse of lust through his body. When he was finally able to open his eyes again he saw John looking up at him with an almost unreadable mixture of emotion on his face.
Sherlock hummed enthusiastically against John’s quivering flesh, hands on either cheek of his luscious arse, spreading the other man open. Pulling back suddenly, Sherlock landed a quick slap to the fleshy mound of John’s backside.
John blushed at the smirk on Sherlock’s lips, remembering the frantic shedding of clothes the night before.
The evening proceeded like a series of dream moments. Those moments that change suddenly and you find yourself in a different situation, with new people, some known, some unknown, doing things that are somehow connected to what you were doing before, but yet are wholly disconnected. No real transitions are made. There is no logical unfolding of events. You aren’t aware of how these changes come to be, but you don’t quite question them either. You just keep going forward as if the world frequently changes its axis, taking just enough time to adjust. It was this distinct feeling which flooded John’s senses.
But it wasn’t Sherlock.
He heard the ping of his text alert at the same moment John ground their hips together, causing their twin erections to slide against each other. He gasped and nearly dropped the phone in his hand.
“I want to fuck you, John.”
She couldn’t stop, though. She couldn’t still the swinging of her arms.
Finally fed up with his brain’s inability to shut off he slid out of bed and pulled on a t-shirt. He then walked quietly into the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
Just then John felt a nudging at his hand. Clementine had handed him the bottle of lube and a condom from the bedroom. He paid her no mind as she returned to her place at the counter.
Before John could respond, Clementine had closed the distance between them and pressed their lips together. John wrapped his arms around her slim waist and returned the kiss with enthusiasm. She was in a pair of cotton shorts and a threadbare t-shirt. From the quick glance he had stolen earlier he was also pretty sure she wasn’t wearing a bra.
Dressed in his sweats and a t-shirt, John padded toward the other man sitting at his desk. He tilted Sherlock’s chin up, as the detective seemed intent on keeping eye contact with his computer screen. They kissed briefly, but deeply.
John looked back at Clementine, who appeared to be talking to someone now.
“Goodnight,” John said pulling his hand back, but not moving away.
cared about was her.”
John began to pick up his pace. Sherlock could feel a prickling in his lower back as heat pooled in his stomach. John gave a jerk to his shoulder and suddenly Sherlock saw stars. With every thrust John was hitting a spot inside Sherlock that made him feel like he was coming apart at the seams.
Clementine was standing by the window in her room the moonlight illuminating her now completely nude frame.
“You are a dirty little bird aren’t you?” Sherlock’s voice was thick with intention. John whined at the stinging sensation. Slowly, Sherlock inserted two fingers into John’s slick eager hole.
The white silk nickers were gone. All John could see was Clementine’s fingers gently spreading herself open for them. He could see her glistening wetness.
Clementine stood back behind John watching the two men.
“No.” Clem whispered, “I think he’s jealous of me.”
It wasn’t a kiss per say. Their lips met, but it was more of a swipe, a bump, as Sherlock pursed his lips to speak. Completely unintentional, it caught both men off guard.
“Sherlock, no!” Ms. Hudson wailed.
Then there were arms wrapping around her waist, pulling her away. She flailed her arms and kicked her legs.
Life continued on much as it had before. John went to work. Sherlock met with clients and bothered Lestrade when none were interesting enough to spend his time on. In the evenings they would chat about their days, though Sherlock would scoff at the implication that he “chatted.” Sometimes they played board games or watched movies. More often than not Sherlock would work on some case or another and John would work on his blog.
John finds his way back to London.
“John was there. He was great.” She whispered back.
Mycroft slammed his hands down on his desk, standing abruptly.
“I want her to see your face as I fuck you, just like you watched her. I want her to see the look on your face when you cum with my cock inside you. She wants it. Wants to see it.”
John was sure they could see the confusion on his face. He took the final bite of his toast, trying to process what she meant.
But she stayed silent.
“A bit different from my day,” he said.
John looked up at her from where he had been staring into his tea.
“There are only two places an American solider could get a tan and a war wound at the same time: Cuba or the Philippines. Though I must say, what you are doing working for the society pages instead of running your own medical practice is beyond me.”
John needs to let off some steam. So he attends a fight.
“Now, tell me. Why is it that whenever I am looking for that freak I run into you?”
When he had the information he wanted from the dirty man John merely turned his back to him and leaned against the wall of the ring.
The remaining three were sent to the hospital:
“He went this way!” She heard a voice call from the stairs.
The party her father was throwing that day, a garden cocktail party, was also one of his “family friendly” parties. This meant that all of his clients brought their snot-nosed children to terrorize the staff while their parents ignored them and got elegantly wasted.
Suddenly a black car pulled up behind her and two men in suits stepped out. They strode resolutely toward Victor as Clem simply stepped to the side. Victor stood, affixed to his place in the doorway, dumbfounded. Each man swiftly grabbed the teen by an arm and began dragging him toward the sinister sedan.
More than anything, Sherlock felt the unending emptiness. It wasn’t a hunger or a thirst that could be satiated or quenched. It was a gaping maw that Sherlock knew could never be filled. The panic he felt was infinite. He knew there is no going back. That his life was over.
were so deleterious that everything they touched had to be washed.
“You know, it is a better idea to pack books in small boxes. Otherwise they get too heavy and unruly.”
“I never stopped caring,” he whispered, his fortitude too weak to sound incredulous.
He had entered the military over ten years ago completely alone. However much he wanted someone to talk to about those difficult times, however much he wanted to unwind with a beer and a good laugh at the end of a hard week, he knew that those kinds of bonds came at a cost. It was a cost he wasn’t sure he could pay again.
“Yeah, I—uh—I thought so too, but I got my orders about three months ago, the day of our—our last night, saying I had six months.”
“I miss you too. Take care of Sherlock for me.”
John wanted to speak, wanted to tell Sherlock to caress her breasts, suck on a nipple, but he kept quiet. He was too intrigued by what Sherlock would do of his own volition. He was pleased when Sherlock began to kiss down her body, stopping at her pert nipples to flick his tongue over the hardened nubs. Clementine let out a small gasp at this.
“I think we can manage.” Sherlock said nonchalantly to Clem before looking up at John.
The show of tenderness spurred John into action. Quickly he cleaned his hands and donned the customary latex gloves. The debridement supplies still sat next to Clem. He pulled up a stool and inspected the damage.
The little boy under her bed froze then looked at here with wide imploring eyes.
Dear Sherlock,
The sharp faced man noticed.
“Christ that feels good,” John huffed out with a moan.
“That is too bad. John and I were just about to—”
When he was a few feet from her she noticed his presence.
“Your father has my phone number if you should need to get ahold of myself or my wife. Please have an excellent time.”
She focused through the blood and tears and saw a group of police officers pulling her father away from her mother. She was being pulled away too, away from it all. In the fit of the moment, she forgot she had called the police.
He looked at her and smiled.
The two settled into a companionable silence on the couch sipping their drinks.
“Never. I’ll never tell you what you like again.”
“Come out come out wherever you are!” He called in a sing-songy voice.
He banged his shin into the coffee table and winced.
My birthday was last week and my squad surprised me with…
John could feel a heated blush in his cheeks. Clementine approached Sherlock, who had sat himself across from John at the table, and ran her fingers through his hair. He leaned into the sensation like a cat, nearly purring at the contact.
Sherlock moves into Baker Street.
“You’re so tight, so hot.”
You're not listening anyway
John learns a little more about Sherlock and Clementine's relationship.
This was somewhat of a travesty in John’s mind. He loved to see that man weak in the throes of passion, but John was weak himself from the thorough attention his two lovers paid him earlier.
John sighed, rubbing his hands over his face as his sister began dancing once again. That was it. He braced himself to grab the woman and drag her from the establishment. If the barkeep couldn’t handle the situation he would.
John pointed to where Sherlock was sat in the arm chair off to their side, as if he were a spectator to their private moment. The position of the chair actually did give an excellent side view of the action on the bed, Clementine, still on her hands and knees, John’s erection bouncing in her face.
“Me neither,” John whispered and pressed a tender kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock moaned deeply at his words. John could feel the vibrations in his chest.
“What?”
John realized what had just happened, realized what they had all just witnessed. He put an arm firmly around Sherlock’s waste, standing close to his side. Sherlock pulled him nearer with an arm around the shorter man’s back.
“Did you know she started purging again? Hmm?”
“I need your help,” he said staring at the tea cup in his hands.
It was a quiet whimper. A question. A wonderment at the mirage before him. With the utterance of his name, John surged forward to declare forcefully that he was there. He was real.
Hey everyone! So this is going to be the last update for probably quite a while. The next two months are going to be SUPER busy for me and I am not sure if and when I will find a moment during that time to update.
“Yeah, sure. Um, have a good day.”
This kiss was not like the others they had shared. Not the ones on the lips and definitely not the ones on the head. While affection ran through all of them, this one had a strong current of desire. They were on edge, energy still running high. Their hands began traveling across the other’s body. John darted his tongue out to taste Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it between his own lips briefly.
A heat began to burn deep within John’s chest.
“Why are you so obsessed with Sherlock?” Clementine challenged crossing her arms.
“Lay back, love. I’m going to get you ready.”
Clementine had rolled onto her side, head propped up on her hand, and was watching the men with rapt attention. John looked between the roommates affectionately.
“Oh! Oh!” Sherlock cried as he spilled over John’s hand, never once breaking eye contact. Sherlock’s pleasure appeared to be too much for John, because he came, shouting, a moment after.
With that Sherlock grabbed a newspaper and began reading.
Without much choice in the matter John found himself sat back on a park bench with Mike, drinking a takeout cup of coffee.
to listen to those public school brats complaining about how daddy didn’t love them enough.”
John reached back to stroke her hair. Sherlock was wrapped around his front, while Clementine slid her body seductively against his back.
“Oh, and by the way. Harry is short for Harriet.” Then he turned swiftly and walked out of 221B just barely catching Sherlock cursing himself.
“Oh! Mycroft, this is my
“Come along then you two. You’ve caused enough trouble here for one day.”
Sherlock could not take his eyes off of John’s hands, off of what his mad, amazing roommate was currently doing. He sucked in a sharp breath when he felt John’s hand make contact with his prick. He moaned unabashedly and without a second thought dove his hand into John’s pants, wanting to feel and see in the same way John was.
Her few belongings, mostly clothes, books, and a few electronics, were moved to 221A Baker Street, where she would be staying with her Aunt Martha, her mother’s sister. She didn’t really know her Aunt. Her father rarely let them go into the city without him. So visits had been infrequent. She had been eight the last time she saw her.
John looked up at him with a smile, reaching his free hand across to caress those incredible cheekbones with his thumb. It wasn’t clear who moved first. Truth be told they probably leaned in at the exact same time. But a moment later their lips were pressed together in a chased, sweet kiss, John’s hand still cupping Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock made a non-committal grunt from where he laid puddled on the couch.
“I was just thinking,” John began. “That maybe we should do this somewhere a bit more comfortable than the kitchen.”
With all my love,
“And you read my writing upside down,” said his therapist. “See what I mean?”
John began to type back.
Clementine scoffed.
It was hard and lacked finesse. Not the standard John Watson fare. But it was full of passion and heat and the moment John heard a soft whimper escape Sherlock’s lips he doubled his effort.
“I can’t,” she sobbed.
As soon as Clementine was sure he was out of the flat she turned on the younger Holmes brother.
He didn’t uncross his arms and Clementine didn’t release him from her embrace.
If he was being honest with himself he should have done this a long time ago. He wasn’t sure exactly when his feelings for the pair had shifted, but somewhere along the line they had. Their relationship had gone from the most beneficial friends-with-benefits arrangement he had ever had to a peaceful, contented and exclusive relationship.
“He isn’t smart. He’s just a nosy little prat who needs to learn some manners.”
“What do you want? How do you want me to touch you?” John reached down and began languidly stroking the man on the table.
“Until then, remember. I’m always with you, even if I can’t be near you.”
“Can’t you see that I am busy?” She motioned to John, who gave a pathetic wave. Sherlock gave him a cursory glance and then returned his attentions to Clementine.
John wasn’t sure where to go from here. The other night on the couch had been one of the best experiences of his life. In that moment, watching Sherlock come undone by his hand, he knew that he could not live without it.
“Laying with me is tedious is it?” He tried not to sound affronted.
Reverence was the only way Sherlock could describe it.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt the silky weight of his lover slide between the crack of his luscious arse and he knew what John was doing. He could see the picture in his mind’s eye: John’s cock perfectly framed by the supple round globes of his behind. Then he heard the camera click.
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn’t want to hurt him. That’s why he had made this decision. That’s why he’s leaving. He could sense the shift in their feelings toward him as well. They were growing fond, attached. While he was unsure of specifics he knew that they both had experienced abandonment, loss, and loneliness in their life.
“That…was amazing.”
Then Sherlock saw John from the corner of his eye, running at the suspect.
John regarded Sherlock as he began gathering his clothes haphazardly. He looked a bit lost, a bit frantic, but like he was trying his damndest not to let it show. John didn’t know if he should be concerned or find it endearing. He looked over to Clem, who didn’t seem too worried so he settled on endearing.
“What do you have to say for yourself?”
London was a good place to be alone, though. It was a good place for things to not be okay. Nothing and no one in London was okay. It is where people went to disappear in the masses, alone in the crowd.
“It’s Clementine.”
“I’m Clementine,” she reached out her hand. Sherlock tentatively took it. They shook hands for a few moments, just staring at each other. Then suddenly Clem got up off the bed and opened her door.
“Never. I could never leave you,” he whispered to her. Slowly, Sherlock began stroking her hair.
There was something heavy weighing on Sherlock’s chest. He felt an oppressive warmth spread through his body. But there was also a sense of calm. In fact he couldn’t remember a time he had felt more at ease in his own body. Slowly he blinked his eyes open.
“Now, if you two are finished swapping traumatic childhood stories—” With that Sherlock turned with a flourish of his sheet and walked back to the bedroom.
A few grueling moments of raucous shouting, bodies pushing him side to side, and an empty flask later the fight was ready to begin. The referee shouted an announcement of each fighter.
“I’m here for a decent shag.” John finally responded gripping the point where the towel overlapped, affixing itself. “I didn’t realize you would be wrapped and ready for me. It really is a lovely surprise.”
“You should stay away from those two John.” Anderson’s warning shocked John’s attention away from his phone.
“John!” He shouted and desperately grabbed at John’s shoulders.
He was halted in his steps when he saw Mr. Powers’ towering over his wife in the kitchen. All Sherlock could see was the man’s large back, but it was plain that his hands were around her neck.
That is how the kissing started. Now every night John would kiss Sherlock on the head before going to bed. Short, soft kisses that could easily be written off as platonic, like a kiss a father might give a son. Affectionate and sweet. Sherlock began staying home in the evenings more often.
“Her name is Sara.”
“Yeah, because your parents made you.”
Suddenly, though, John raised him up from the chair and bent him over the table, his hand planted firmly between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. John kicked Sherlock’s legs apart and softly ran his hand over the plump ass so deviously presented to him.
Just then there was a rapping at the door. Clementine rose slowly from the table, as if trying to remain undetected, and began scooting her way into the living room.
“Did it ever occur to you that we are almost adults? That you could have simply waited? Fuck your parents, for sure, but this is just ridiculous. If you keep doing this you might not live to see adulthood and if you do you won’t be the Sherlock that I know and love. He will be gone and so will I.”
This was the way to do it, he thought. He could look down for the perfect view of the gorgeous woman wrapped around his cock or look between her killer legs at the tall drink of water laid back in the arm chair.
to get it started again.
John stormed out of 221B, too irate to think. He hadn’t seen or spoken to Sherlock since. Sherlock blamed him. If he was honest with himself he kind of agreed. So it felt right, felt just, when he walked up to the train platform alone. A small group of soldiers was already there, saying goodbyes to their loved ones, children, parents, partners. John found an empty bench and sat, dropping his bag unceremoniously on the ground next to him.
John and Clementine once again spoke in unison.
“Who’s The Spy?”
Mycroft was shaking now. His voice was thin.
John had hear of The Brick. He was a large Welshman, thicker than a brick wall and twice as hard. John had treated an opponent of his after The Brick landed a sucker punch while the other man was down. He was a prick and an asshole. The man had nearly died.
“I got shot,” he said.
Clementine reached out a hand to rub the posh man’s arm.
“Don’t stand here as if you are the one who has been hurt in this situation.” Sherlock’s voice was low and menacing. “You don’t get to morn her. She was
“I—I—” John stuttered as Sherlock inched closer. Now he was so close that he brushed the shell of John’s ear with his nose.
“It’s okay. You’re doing great. You’re so sexy.”
“I was sixteen when I moved in with Aunt Martha. It was after my parents left.”
“Don’t be daft. This weather is tedious, John.” Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to his clavicle and nuzzled deeper. John brushed his lips across the crown of curls on Sherlock’s head.
“No. Forced mutual acquaintances.” Sherlock was barely able to speak at this point. John’s hands were undoing his constitution bit by bit. He could feel the heat pooling in his belly and knew if this continued much longer he would be hard again. Sherlock closed his eyes as John rucked up his shirt.
John looked around the pub, all eyes on him. The silence was oppressive.
“Alright. Good. You’re unattached. Just like me.”
John could see the confusion in his eyes, swimming there just underneath the desire.
“No! No! No!” Sobs racking her body. “Mummy! Mummy!”
Her brow knit together and her mouth turned down.
“No thank you Auntie!” Clementine called down from the stairs where she had already dragged John halfway up by the arm.
He wasn’t really lying, John tried to reason. A cuppa did sound good before bed so he got up from his chair and turned on the kettle. His phone pinged again.
There was nothing for it. The moment had been there and gone leaving John irrevocably effected. What was a randy man supposed to do?
“Yes. Yes. I want you. I want you both. Please.” She was desperate, trapped between both of their bodies, at the mercy of both their attentions.
The next time Clem had a run in with the young Sherlock Holmes was at another one of her father’s parties. This time it was brunch.
“Are you ready,” John asked breathlessly.
So, quietly and with the greatest of care he dressed himself. Once in the living room he grabbed a piece of paper from the desk and left a short note on the kitchen table for them to find in the morning.
Sherlock’s face was still buried into Clementine’s neck, alternately panting against and lightly sucking on her skin. His hips rocked up into her body. He was using the force of John’s hips and thrusts as leverage for his own.
John brought his fist to his mouth, to muffle his pained sob. He hadn’t meant for this to happen. He was trying to protect them.
John looked back to Clementine, who seemed to have stopped pacing, before regarding Sherlock once more.
It was Sherlock’s turn to scoff and roll his eyes.
The clenching around his cock and the sight of Sherlock coming undone in front of him was too much, though. He shouted his release as the most intense orgasm of his life washed over him. It felt like it would never end. Wave after wave of pleasure washing over him. When he finally came down Clem had gone boneless beneath him and Sherlock lay sated and disheveled in the arm chair.
“She was wearing a mask Sherlock.” Mycroft sighed.
Thank you all for waiting so patiently for this update. I hope it does not disappoint! It's a long one and I had to hold myself back from writing more. That stuff will be saved for the next chapter. ;)
He was lanky, a bit tall for their age, and his hair was a ratty mop of dark curls. He wore black slacks, a white button up shirt, and sweater vest. They were all wrinkled, a sharp contrast to the shiny dress shoes that adorned his feet.
Clem shrugged, “Mother Goose.”
“What would you do if you were here?”
“Get your goddamn hands off of me.” She spat at him.
Sherlock reciprocated by wrapping both arms around John, pulling him close and placing a kiss to the top of his head.
“Yes.” John grabbed the keys.
“Excuse me?”
John chuckled.
“Hmm.” Sherlock mumbled dismissively.
It didn’t take him long to identify the source of the heavy heat. Laying limp but solid on his chest was his army doctor roommate. Lover? Boyfriend? Sherlock, didn’t waste much time thinking about labels. They didn’t talk about what they were to each other. It didn’t need to be spoken. They could be whatever they wanted and it needed no justification, no name.
John boxed him in, putting one hand on the back of his chair and the other on the table next to him.
With those words, as if her permission, her desire made it all okay, Sherlock’s hand flew to his zip and pulled out his throbbing cock. It was long and thick and uncut. John could feel his mouth watering at the sight. The dusty pink tip just peeked through the foreskin. John groaned with pleasure and let go of Clem’s hair to grip her hips and begin fucking her in earnest. Sherlock gave his cock a few lazy strokes.
“She hit my girlfriend.”
Mycroft makes an appearance to check on the dynamic duo, but finds a trio instead.
John’s eyes seemed to sparkle in the dim street light coming from the windows. A small smile played across his face.
As he neared them he noticed Harry sinking deeper and deeper onto Clementine’s shoulder, as if it was getting harder and harder for her to stand. Clem gripped the other woman’s hand tightly, using the arm slung over her shoulder to keep her upright. The jovial jaunt had quickly turned into the inevitable aftermath of a bender. Harry was losing it.
“Morning.” John’s voice was tentative. After Sherlock’s quick escape from the bedroom last night he wasn’t sure how the man was feeling and certainly didn’t expect to see him this early in the morning. Somewhat to John’s relief Sherlock did not reply to his greeting.
Clementine nodded, unsure what to say. Mr. Wheeler had always been a pleasant neighbor. He made little noise, save the heavy footfall up the stairs each evening. He rarely had guests and always had a smile. He charmed Aunt Martha and paid his rent on time. Still Clem could not bring herself to feel anything toward the man other than pure indifference.
And your mother loves your father
He proffered a sideways glance at Clementine before heaving a level stare at Sherlock.
He wanted to cry with the sheer pleasure of it all. In that moment he felt warm, contented, protected.
“Never,” he agrees without giving it proper thought. “I’m sorry.”
Clementine looked down at the texts again and began to scroll.
Clem’s jaw tightened.
“Well you definitely know how to please me, love.” John moaned as he felt a trickle of Clem’s wetness drip down his shaft.
Mycroft let out an irritated huff.
“Sherlock you don’t underst—”
“Christ, I want you so bad,” John growled has he bit down on Sherlock’s plump lower lip, before sucking it into his mouth.
“Were you expecting this when you texted me, hmm?” Sherlock simply gasped in a breath as John tightened his grip. “Were you hoping to touch? To be touched.” Sherlock nodded his head vigorously, still unable to speak. “Did you wash up before I came over?”
“Should we wait for Clem,” he suggested.
“But that’s exactly what you did!”
“Such a pretty thing,” John would gasp, breathless above him.
“I’ve missed you so much.” John achingly admitted between kisses. “I’ve missed the feel of your body under my hands, the sound of your voice in my ear.”
“God you are beautiful. Fuck this fucking weather. I want you here right now, perched on my throbbing cock.”
“Where is it Mycroft? She never takes it off. Not since the day I gave it back to her. It wasn’t in her personal possessions at the hospital and it isn’t at the flat.”
Not to participate, of course, but to watch. The Irish had brought the sport with them to the states and John had instantly taken a liking. The thrill of the danger. The sound of the impacts. The blood, sweat, and muscle. The raw masculinity of it was a heady mixture of danger and desire for the doctor.
John leaned into the man to whisper in his ear.
“Who the fuck is Rizz?”
He could feel the erection tenting under his towel and John growled in response. He rubbed their groins together and gasped at the friction, Sherlock moaning in response.
Sherlock gives John something he's been wanting.
Mycroft just stared back at him, a strained look on his face, trying desperately to hold himself together.
“It’s time to go, brother mine.”
Sherlock frantically began jerking himself in time with John’s thrusts and a few seconds later he was cumming.
“Well,” Sherlock began coolly, “You were worried that I had offended John so much that he would never come back. I endeavored to prove you wrong. Now here he is and my point is proven.”
“Yeah. I haven’t told anyone that.”
“When is she due back,” he asked.
John gasped in a shuttering breath and regarded the creature before him, almost ephemeral in the cloud of smoke around his face, as if he could disappear at any moment. Lost to John forever. His stomach dropped at the thought.
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied.
The men stopped. Clem turned around, marching straight for him.
Clementine took another step toward him gritting her teeth.
Sherlock did as instructed. Then John put his hand on Clementine’s shoulder.
Sherlock knew when John said “you” he meant Sherlock
The next few weeks were a blur for John. It was hard enough keeping up with rugby practice and school, but maintaining any semblance of a relationship with Clementine and Sherlock took extra effort. Mostly because they had busy schedules too. Clementine taught two sections of organic chemistry in addition to her dissertation research. This meant she was usually cooped up in the lab, her classroom, or her office grading papers. Sherlock had been exempt from teaching after his first class. Five freshman left the class crying. The dean decided it would be best if Sherlock remained in a research-only position. And research he did. Sherlock was involved in more projects and experiments than the faculty. He always seemed to be branching out to work with the biology and the geology departments.
“Good.” John said as he licked the space just under Sherlock’s ear.
“This is tedious,” Sherlock huffed into the crook of John’s neck.
John couldn’t believe he was back here. He thought he was the luckiest man alive. He clung to Clem’s hips and met her every downward thrust. Her breast bounced as their bodies collided. John was hypnotized by their movement. He reached up to cup them in his hands, messaging them softly. He broke his gaze from her tantalizing body to examine Sherlock. Gone was the calm cocky exterior he had exuded in the living room moments ago. He looked just how John remembered him from last time, face flushed, lips parted, and massive erection tenting his pants. But this time John looked deeper into his eyes and saw passionate desperation.
Later, as Clem was slurping the last of her noodles, Sherlock got a text.
Without hesitation John brought his hand down on the round globes of Sherlock’s ass with a resounding smack. Sherlock howled in pleasure. John gripped each cheek roughly, still fucking up into him.
“Yes.”
Bear with me. I'm going to try to add some plot to this porn. We shall see if I am capable. Thanks for the kudos and feedback so far! You are all lovely. :)
Clementine wrapped her arms around Sherlock’s and pulled him closer.
As the door closed behind her Clementine could still feel her body shaking.
Her summer dress pooled in her lap as the sun poured in from the break in the large curtains. The back of her chair faced the entrance to the room. No one could tell she was in here if they just walked by as long as she kept her feet off the floor and in the chair.
“This cannot happen again Sherlock,” Mycroft warned.
His return greeting was a low drawn out moan as he felt long thick fingers slide deep into him. He watched as Clementine’s blouse slid from her shoulder, revealing a nearly see-through purple bra.
“Are you okay!? Are you okay?! John?” Sherlock kissed him again, before he could respond.
“She burned her arm the other night. If this were really her, there would be bandages and burn wounds.”
A few hours in his mind palace would have to suffice for the evening. He had been meaning to rearrange some recent information he had gathered on the tensile strength of various fibers. He began with acetate and its various combinations with cotton, wool, silk and other materials. Then there was cotton, naturally, and its various iterations. Then cupro, the fast fashion answer to silk. Flannel, jute, and lyocell were next. Then came mohair, the common fabric used on military uniforms. He had always imagined that John looked amazing in his various military garb. He pictured him in camo fatigues in the hot desert sun, muscles straining under the weight of his pack. He had more than once touched himself to the image of John in military boots, fatigue pants, white vest and dog tags.
John’s fingers moved swiftly over the keyboard.
John H. Watson
When she woke from surgery it was to Mycroft sleeping in the corner chair of her hospital room. He watched after her, arranged her affairs, ensured she was fed and clothed in those days following the incident, before delivering her to her Aunt.
“I’m cumming! I’m cumming!” She cried as her orgasm washed over her with each fresh thrust.
And, in a way, John did. While he had never liked the British Government, Clementine had always trusted and loved him. John had never seen him act maliciously toward either Clementine or Sherlock. Controlling and overbearing? Sure. But it could not be said that Mycroft had acted in any way that was intended to harm them. That had to mean something didn’t it? The fact that John did not, apparently, warrant such consideration from the man was not exactly surprising.
“Fuck him good, John.” She said relishing in the pleasure of the men above her. “He is so hard in my hand. You should feel him.”
“It is hardly my fault that the wait staff here are incompetent and incapable of answering the most basic of questions.”
They made love that night. Slowly, passionately, reverently. When John had climaxed inside Sherlock, the curly haired man turned them over and slowly began working his lover open. Then Sherlock made love to John again.
“Uh hey. How do you do?” John held out his hand awkwardly. Mycroft just started at it, unmoving.
The day Sherlock moved into Baker Street was a triumphant one. Months in and out of rehab clinics, hard won sobriety, difficult revelations in therapy had all lead him to this moment.
Sherlock’s hands loosed their other occupations and gripped Clementine’s hips. John placed his hands over Sherlock’s. Together they rocked Clementine back and forth in the same motion, bucking their hips into her as they pulled her back.
“Yes, but you wouldn’t have me any other way,” Sherlock countered with a clever grin.
“You, Sherlock Holmes, are my life. Or rather, my life is yours. You have saved it so many times in so many ways there is no one else it could possibly belong to.”
Then one of the curtain panels of the large window pulled back and a nest of dark curls peeked out from behind.
Sherlock tightened his grip and quickened his pace. So did John. Clem buried her face in the bed to stifle her screams of pleasure. John and Sherlock were locked in a heated stare.
“Those tests are hardly conclusive and only based on pseudoscience.”
When she joined her Aunt at the table for tea a plate of scones was placed in front of her. They were her mother’s scones. Her favorite.
She pulled her hand back and crossed her arms, her face almost looking irritated, as she leaned back in her chair.
Mike swiped at his pockets.
“John!”
“John Watson?!”
“Oh, it’s you.” Clementine huffed and sat back in her chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clementine Powers,” her aunt scolded. “I am up to my elbows in dirty dishes. Answer the door!”
“You were the first one to sell him drugs.” Clem shot back. Victor knit his brow in an affronted look.
Sherlock’s voice rang clear, but subdued from the living room.
On the screen was a close-up of Clementine’s nickers. She was clearly wearing a skirt that day. He could see the bunched-up fabric at the tops of her thighs. The nickers were white, silky, soft, and bulging with Clementine’s fingers, slid down their front.
“Say it,” Sherlock urged. “Say it.”
“Start of uni,” he said. “I was so excited to finally be in the big—” The chirping of his phone interrupted his story.
“I want you to open me up so I can fuck myself on your cock. I’ve wanted you to fuck me again ever since that first time. I’ve thought about it in the shower while I tossed myself off. I think about it when I’m at the lab. It’s infuriating.”
“What was that?”
She knew he didn’t have to suspect. The bastard had probably been keeping tabs on her. She drew in a ragged breath and spoke again.
A ping sounded from his phone. He looked at the screen.
“Myc, we can’t leave her to die. What would that make us?” Clem insisted.
“Sorry about him. He keeps odd hours. He often isn’t even home around this time.”
John had no idea why he was back in London. There was nothing here for him except a too small bedsit and a therapist who didn’t truly understand. Once again John Watson was alone. Purely and utterly alone. Perhaps alone is what the universe wanted for him. All indications pointed to that.
Thank you for all your lovely comments so far! You are all amazing. :)
“Lay back love,” he told him sweetly.
“Oi! What the fuck are you doing?” It was more of a breathy moan than a shout.
“A hand-me-down of a gift.” Sherlock continued. “Mostly likely from your brother.”
Gently, he wrapped his hands around Sherlock’s prick. Then lowered his head down and placed a soft kiss to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. He gently nuzzled his nose in the soft belly hair that crowned his impressive erection, the tip of which briefly grazing John’s chin. He continued peppering kisses all along Sherlock’s hip, belly and thighs.
John was acutely aware of these touches. Each one electrifying his skin. They seemed deliberate, but subconscious. Sherlock clearly meant to touch him, but John was not sure how much thought he put into them. They were simple reassuring touches. I’m here, said a hand on his shoulder as John read in his chair. Pardon me, said a soft bump of the hip as Sherlock maneuvered around John in the kitchen, hands full of glass beakers. I understand, said a soft squeeze to his shoulder.
Bare knuckle boxing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where did they go?”
“She lives in Surry with a nice man named Tim. She left my dad when I was ten with the help of a local women’s group.”
Clementine remained pressed against John’s back, peppering his shoulders with light kisses and running her fingers through the smattering of hair on his chest.
BTW check out my new fic The Society Pages. It's a historic New York AU where John is a journalist and Sherlock is a high-society prat. Also staring John's mustache!
“John. John. John.” Sherlock was tugging his hair as John bobbed up and down on his cock.
He wanted so bad to ask her back to his place for the night, but it was just a hole-in-the-wall bedsit with a shared loo. He was also pretty sure the bug he had killed the other week was a roach. As he was calculating the probability that she would see his pathetic living conditions, turn tail and run Clementine leaned across the table and whispered in his ear.
“No!” Sherlock panted around John’s fingers. John gripped Sherlock's jaw with his thumb to shush the man.
Clementine took another bite, pressing her fingers to the plate to pick up the fallen crumbs. She sucked the tip into her mouth ravenously. Suddenly there was a hot cup of tea in front of her. A milky Irish breakfast, her other favorite.
He cringed a bit at her volume. The plan had not been to announce himself.
“Do it! I want you cum all over my back. Please! I need to feel that.” His plea was desperate.
Sherlock’s head dropped back and the hand caressing John’s face grabbed desperately at the back of the other man’s neck, trying to steady himself. John rocked again, a deep rumbling moan escaping his lips. Sherlock began rapid construction on a new wing in his mind palace. He needed to document and store every sound like that to ever escape John Watson’s lips.
“Under the bed is where you hide. Isn’t it? That is why you didn’t want me under there originally. It is why you don’t want me there now. But what are you hiding from? Perhaps you just enjoy the solitude, but that wouldn’t explain your fear of me being under there while you were not currently occupying the space. This leads me to think that there must be something you hide from under there. Besides some dust, a blanket, pillow and flashlight, all appropriate items for a fort of solitude, there was only—”
Clementine kept herself well groomed, but had always had a “full head of hair”. Where John’s fingers once slid through coarse yet impossibly soft hair now slid across smooth wet skin.
Not only couldn’t he ask them to wait for him, but if he never came back he didn’t want to die knowing the hurt he would leave behind. It would be bad enough leaving mum and Harry behind. He couldn’t hurt Clem and Sherlock too.
“Sorry, I had to be at the hospital early that morning.”
“Casino Royal is on Netflix!” Sherlock’s spine went stiff at John’s words, hollered from the living room.
As his climax crashed over him John wailed, “Oh god. Oh god, Sherlock. I love you!”
“Oh come off it,” said Mike, the one who had actually introduced John to Clementine the previous week. “You’re just pissed he outted you and Sally to Marg. If you didn’t want to get caught cheating on your girlfriend then you shouldn’t have cheated in the first place.” Mike was a med student along with John and Anderson. Sally and Greg both studied criminology, but Greg was stuck taking chemistry as a general requirement.
John didn’t even think. He just moved. In two seconds flat he was out of the restaurant and stalking toward the soon to be very dead son-of-a-bitch who had his hands on Clem.
He sighed heavily, rubbing his hands down his face, and sat back in his chair.
“Don’t be stupid Clem. Of course we haven’t. My presence is a mere coincidence for John in this situation. My being here makes no difference to him. You are the primary focus of his sexual attraction.”
Is that what she was? No. Friend. Whom he also shagged and engaged in an exclusive threesome with on a consistent basis. Yeah. That is not what a girlfriend was. You don’t share girlfriends and Sherlock was certainly not his boyfriend.
“I knew it was Santa. It had to be. Everyone else was asleep. So I hopped out of bed, thinking I would sneak in and see him. Every kids dream right?”
“Which do you think they will send you to? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock slowly turned his head toward the two people fucking right next to him, as the visions and sounds flooded over him.
“What about you? Just staying in town till you get yourself sorted?”
“This is important. If I don’t keep both substances at a consistent temperature the entire experiment will be all for naught. I cannot adequately monitor them both on my own.”
Mycroft grimaced at her.
“Movies!” Clementine suggested.
“Jesus Mycroft!” John startled and jumped, quickly cupping his groin for some modicum of privacy.
“I will go and get him,” Clem said.
Sorry, I hate when fics just regurgitate scenes from the series, but I have gotten to that point in the story where the series and fic collide. Please bear with me.
“Don’t move,” she said. “Don’t make a sound.”
Sherlock just stares at him blankly.
Sherlock began to fuck her fast and hard. There was no finesse no acrobatic techniques as John had expected. He was a man driven. A man with a goal. Clementine was laid back, breasts bouncing wildly at the force of his thrusts. John was hypnotized by their movements. Almost forgetting his aching prick still gripped in his hand.
Standing at the edge of the bed, John could drink in the sight of the gorgeous woman before him. The moon light, broken and filtered through the curtains, bathed her skin. Her breasts were pert and luscious covered in that soft lace. John’s mouth began to water as he forgot all about the strange encounter with the eerie man in the living room.
As he reached for his tin of pomade he couldn’t help but think of one stuffy ponce in particular. Indeed it was that man’s image which drove him out this very evening. A tall dark haired man who had read his military career in the briefest of instants.
Slowly, and with much effort, Sherlock lifted his eyelids. John continued to pump his fingers into Sherlock’s body.
The walls were besieged by graffiti and riddled with pock marks. Clem couldn’t tell if they were bullet holes or divots of some other origin. The smell was overwhelming. Mold, human waste, blood, and an undercurrent of an oddly acidic smell she couldn’t place. It made her want to vomit, but she kept going. Eventually she came upon the office where Sherlock was supposed to be. When she opened the door she was practically knocked back with the smell. Body odor, blood, and that strange acidic smell smacked her in the face, bringing tears to her eyes.
“Apparently blood spatter analysis means nothing to anyone.”
It began with a hand on the small of his back.
That was as far as it went. Kisses from the neck up. Hands from the waist up, always over clothes. The rules never spoken, but silently agreed upon.
Our trio gets into a fight. Then Sherlock and Clementine thank John.
Dear Sherlock,
The force of his words landed heavy on Sherlock’s chest, pulling him over the edge into his own forceful orgasm. He pulled John closer as he shuddered, hips pumping erratically into his body. As Sherlock slumped on top of John, the blond nestled his lover’s head onto his shoulder, kissing and stroking his now sweat soaked curls.
Still John couldn’t help but hum with nervous anticipation. He pulled his kerchief from his pocket and wiped his face.
Then Sherlock rocked his hips and Clementine moaned.
Clementine to the ER to fix a broken nose.
“Why were they after you?” Clementine asked.
I am being medically discharged. They are sending me back to the UK with a pension. What am I supposed to do with myself Sherlock? This has been all I have known for the last thirteen years. I can’t practice medicine with a shaky hand and a bum leg.
Right now he had nothing.
“Harry Potter is not a kids movie you prat! They are fifth forms now, just like us.”
Sherlock caught himself. John was not the one he needed to apologize to. Sherlock straightened his shirt as a way to occupy his hands and thoughts for the moment.
Clem slapped him across the face.
“Holy shit!” Sherlock couldn’t help but jerk his hips forward in pleasure. John hummed in satisfaction.
Still, she was unwilling to mingle long with the progeny of the rich and powerful. So today she found herself in the library of her house. She sat cross legged in her favorite chair by the window, enthralled in her latest science fiction novel.
“She’s telling the truth.”
John went stiff, sucking in a ragged breath.
Sherlock smiled up at John.
Sherlock shifted from one foot to the other. He wasn’t particularly keen on talking about Clem and her sickness to others, but he had thrown it out in a fit of rage and hurt. When he spoke again his voice was small.
The anger on Sally’s face was palpable. She may call Sherlock a freak, but it is clear she trusts his abilities.
Sherlock simply moved around her and headed for the door. She chased after him.
“Can you really have him banned from the building?”
“Don’t worry,” the other responded. “Once the cartels figure out where the leak came from I don’t give him a year, tops. These guys don’t take too kindly to their personal information being left around unattended. He’s a walking dead man.”
He brushed his lips against the shell of John’s ear, the heat from his breath radiating down John’s spine.
Clementine pulled off with an obscene pop and looked up at John.
“Hey—”
Then, just as a dream propels you into a new reality, Greg Lestrad was there and John finds himself being whisked away with Sherlock to a crime scene. Now, he stands in a top floor room of a large run down house. It looks and smells like a squatters haven. Below him lay the body of a woman dressed in a garish pink. The bright forensic lights gave an alien feel to the room. The woman looked peaceful and out of place.
, he thought,
John stood up stock straight and wide eyed. Sherlock froze in his seat, staring up at John.
“I want to see you,” he would say in a soft, reverent voice. And Sherlock would be laid bare for him to feast upon. John’s eyes raking over his body.
They rocked slowly together as they came down from their bliss. John opened his eyes when he heard the sound of the door briskly shutting. They were once again alone in the room.
“Also, outside influences tend to stop me from enjoying consistent companionship.”
“You think so?”
“I have to go.”
“Please, Sherlock. Please.” John begged as his lover carefully prepped and stretched him open.
Her hand paused in his hair for a moment before continuing her gentle strokes.
Her father’s voice was level, calculating, and it shook her very core. That was the evil of the man. He at once practiced perfect control of his faculties, while being wholly unable to restrain his cruelty and anger. This allowed him to exact vicious mental and physical attacks on his family while no one was the wiser.
Suddenly, Sherlock was on his knees. With lightning speed he had John’s trousers undone and cock pulled out.
John continued his work, pulling more screams from the woman he cared so deeply for.
John crossed his arms, mirroring Sherlock’s posture, and waited for a response. When none was forthcoming John continued.
“Yes because you are the pinnacle of polite society and etiquette.” Clem’s voice oozed with sarcasm.
John chuckled darkly to himself as Sherlock continued staring down his scope. Then he began unbuttoning his trousers. He groaned as his cock hit the air and brushed up against Clementine’s plump arss.
Sherlock grabbed at the duvet and covered both of them. Slowly, contentedly, they both fell asleep.
“Come on Harry. It’s time to go.” He reached out for her arm, but she jerked away.
Clementine sat back up on her bed as the boy slowly crawled out from beneath it. As he stood shakily Clem got a better look at him.
“Oh you naughty little bird you. Do you want me to make him cum on your tits? I would love to see the two of you covered in each other’s cum.”
“Hmm? What was that?” His voice was playful, but dark. “I asked if you liked being fucked whilst being watched.”
“That’s what this is all about isn’t it?” John said softly. Neither one of them responded. John lifted his head to run his lips across the soft skin of Sherlock’s back once more. “She makes you feel safe doesn’t she?”
“I think you should leave now.”
They never really talked about the letters after that. John picked up some locum work at a nearby clinic. In his down time he helped Sherlock grow his consulting detective business into a lucrative private detective business. Life fell into a pattern of normalcy, if you can classify random body parts in the fridge and getting kidnapped by Chinese gangsters as normal. But for the most part it was wake up, go to work, help with cases, and relax in the evenings when they’ve got nothing on.
John couldn’t stand it. The thought of someone other than he or Sherlock touching Clementine sent molten rage down his spine. He stalked toward the two women, but Clementine shot him an urgent look and held out her hand to stop him.
“What do you mean?”
She heard John chuckle off camera, “I don’t know how you live with this perfect arse every day without bending him over and fucking him every chance you get.”
John simply nodded, encouraging the other man to continue.
“God no.” John chuckled. He couldn’t imagine it. He didn’t really know Sherlock that well. The one thing he knew was that he was an enigma of great proportions, who intrigued John to no end, but seemed to rub others up the wrong way.
“Wait! Wait!” Victor shouted. “I saw him! I saw him! I saw him!”
“He hates me,” Mycroft sobbed. “He thinks I’ve ruined his life. I’ve only
“You left!” Sherlock stalked toward him face reddening. “You don’t just leave people you care about! You don’t disappear with no explanation whatsoever!”
“No. No. No. I’m glad you stepped in. They were assholes and it felt really good to have someone stand up for me. Sherlock is the only one who has ever done that for me before.”
“And what the hell gave you the right to intercept my letters?” John rounded on Mycroft, taking advantage of his momentary height advantage to the sitting man. Mycroft remained placid.
It was at this point John’s features relaxed and he smiled at Sherlock.
John tried to contain a smirk at the thought of Sherlock splayed across the table, John’s cock buried deep within him.
“Because they’re idiots.” Came his quick and honest response.
The shout jostled him from his thoughts. Had someone just called his name? He turned around toward the source. A portly man with a receding hairline and glasses walked quickly toward him. John couldn’t place him, but clearly the man knew John.
“B-b-both.” Sherlock stuttered.
John snatched the phone from Sherlock’s hand just as his head fell to the couch, completely overcome with sensation. John straightened up from where he had been hunched over Sherlock and stared at the image on the phone.
“Text Clem and see when she’s coming home.” John figured since he was already on his phone he might as well do something useful.
“When I said I don’t trust Clementine, what I meant was: I don’t trust Clementine to not fall in love with you.”
“Whatever,” huffed Clem. “Just don’t talk to me.”
“Sherlock—” John was cut off by Sherlock’s plump, full lips covering his. Arms wrapped around John’s waist. He managed to put his glass on the counter before threading his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and returning the kiss with enthusiastic commitment.
“Not friends? Enemies then?” John began tucking his fingers under Sherlock’s white t-shirt, softly skimming the skin just under his bellybutton. He felt the coarse hair nestled just above the taller man’s cock and ran his fingers through it in a lazy reverent stroke.
“Yes,” she gasped. “All for you, just for you.” She was desperate, reaching out with her lips trying to capture his in another kiss.
Music flooded his ears, but the room was oddly still. A few patrons stood around the bar quietly sipping their drinks. The bar tender regarded the pair at the doorway with a hopeful look. A group of middle-aged men sat at a table in the corner, eyes glued on the only moving figure in the room, a woman by the jukebox.
Clementine tried to stifle another laugh as the boy continued.
As Victor spoke Clem retrieved a cell phone from her pocket, pressed a few buttons, and held it up to her ear.
John and Sherlock finally get their turn.
“God, look at those tits. So fucking beautiful. Come on. Give us a peek.”
“There is never a time where I don’t want you. I wanted you last night wrapped in that sheet. I wanted you this morning when I woke up with my arms around you. I want you right now, here on this table.”
“You are an enigma.” John crossed over to Sherlock and planted a soft kiss to his lips. Sherlock drew in a quick breath at the contact.
“Which is fine,” John said.
How had this happened? Not 30 minutes ago John was sitting in his chair miserably missing Sherlock, not even knowing if he had solved the case yet. Now, not only was Sherlock home, but had John’s stiff cock in his mouth.
In any case it had been one of those rare nights where it was just John and Clementine. They had gone out for Thai, then spent the evening strolling the South Bank. It was a tourist trap to be sure, but there was something just so quintessentially London about it that they both loved. The smell of the Thames, the view of Big Ben and The Eye of London.
John stared at himself in the mirror, displeased.
Victor crossed his arms, leaning against the door frame, seeming genuinely affronted. “I don’t do drugs.”
Clementine startled out of her chair.
“No.” She said without turning around. “That was another PhD candidate, Jim Moriarty.”
This time there was no message, just a picture. John bit his bottom lip and ground down hard against Sherlock before turning the phone for Sherlock to see.
“Oh god yes,” was his breathy reply.
“The question is: Do you want to cum on my face?” Sherlock gripped Johns cock and rubbed it across his swollen lips, his stiff jaw, and sharp edge of his cheeks.
“You were going to take that pill weren’t you?” John said, settling into his seat at the 24 hour Chinese restaurant he and Sherlock eventually ended up at.
“That’s it. Take it all.” John growled thrusting up into him.
“Who?” He asked, completely baffled by the question.
Sherlock nipped at John’s ear as the journalist let out a shuddering moan. He reached out and gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling their groins together, finally confident that he was allowed to touch.
With a snarl on his lips he turned and led the group out of the room and back outside. Clementine closed the door behind them, climbed onto her bed to look out the window and watched as, one by one, they appeared back on the main lawn.
John answered the phone.
“I prefer to text.”
“Yes.”
“Sherlock?” Victor said, as if it were the first time hearing the name. “Oh, yeah! Tall guy? Dark hair? Beautiful lips?”
But John’s question skirted close to the rough edges of that life. The pain and loss that she was not keen to rehash.
“But he knows how to please you doesn’t he?” She nodded her head. “I know how to please you too. Don’t I?”
---------
Logically, it made sense that John would also experience similar arousal, but that did not stop Sherlock from having his breath stolen away at the surprise of coming in direct contact with that arousal. The two men broke their kiss, erections still firmly pressed together. John stared down at Sherlock, eyes wide, mirroring Sherlock’s surprise. Sherlock reached a hand up to brush his knuckles across John’s cheek. John closed his eyes, pressing into the touch, then slowly, firmly rolled his hips.
Their lips never parted, but as soon as John settled into his lap and they pressed their bodies firmly together something became unavoidably apparent. Each man was not only sporting an aching erection, but those erections were pressed firmly into one another. Sherlock was no stranger to a John-Watson-caused hard on. They were a common occurrence while they were snogging or in the shower when Sherlock would touch himself or late at night in bed as he rutted against his mattress. But he had never made John aware of these incidents and certainly never presented his erections to John.
“She also wanted me to ask if you would like to bring your young friend Clementine along. She said it was only proper that a young woman familiarize herself with the beauties of nature.”
“It’s just Sher—” then his hands were around her throat again.
“No.”
With all my love,
“Yes there is. I should know. I was just under there.”
“John!”
“I’m glad you two get along so swimmingly,” came a soft seductive voice behind them.
Sherlock stood and walked to John’s side. John could not look at him, but just stared at the piles of letters both opened and unopened. Sherlock looked down at Mycroft.
He looked confused now.
John’s head shot back up to meet Sherlock’s.
“Yeah, that’s it,” Clementine purred with encouragement. “We’ve got you. Cum for us John.”
John jolted back to himself, grounded, as he felt Sherlock’s body press up against his.
Sherlock sneered, almost disgusted.
Sherlock sat in a chair his back to the sink. Clementine, at the end of the table, her back to the living room, was simply bent over.
Mrs. Powers, Clementine’s mum, to the morgue.
John hadn’t realized the man carried an umbrella until he tilted it up and regarded it before speaking.
“You’re early,” she purred.
“I am sorry for all of the heartache that this must have caused. I would still very much like to finish your letters.”
“Sure you did.”
Sherlock stepped between John and the couple.
“Sherlock—”
Who the hell did Mike think he was? They were never anything more than pub mates back in med school. The thought that Mike Stamford had ever known John Watson was laughable. It was insulting to the few people who ever did know any form of John Watson at any point in his life. Anger boiled at the back of his throat.
The boy shrank back a bit. Clementine was aware that children of this society knew one thing above all else: never interfere with business. The anger on the group’s face gave way to disappointment.
She was still leaning over the table, but was making no pretense of working.
“Oh god. Oh fuuuuuuuck!!!” John moaned.
Her eyes began stinging with threatening tears.
“Yes! Yes! John. Please. Yes!” Sherlock babbled incoherently.
“Can I make you cum? Please? Let me show you how much you turn me on.”
away.”
“While you two talk about pegging, I need to use the restroom.” Clem struggled to her feet, careful not to step on the various detritus that littered the floor or knock over the plastic milk crate that supported Vic’s CD player. Victor didn’t even bother telling her where the bathroom was, opting instead to continue staring at Sherlock. Clem rolled her eyes again.
Sorry to leave you all hanging, but I wanted to get in one more update before I disappeared for a while. I hope you enjoyed it! I have a smutty little one-shot that I might write up, just to get it out of my head before the craziness ensues. So keep your eyes peeled for that!
“Thank you Clem, but will pass on the tea. I really just wanted to see how you were doing.”
“Well then be careful when you go back to his room. You might get an eye full.” And with that she walked away.
“Don’t you touch her!” Sherlock spat at the nurse.
Eventually, the head kisses became more than just goodnight occurrences. They became the standard goodbye. As John darted out of the flat for work he would pause briefly and lay a quick kiss to Sherlock’s curls. They never talked about the kisses either. Eventually they became as common place as the touches.
John ran a comb through his hair, slicking back his bright blond locks. He knew that his interest in men, while distasteful in polite public society, was not a deformity and certainly not one he alone suffered. He’d had plenty of lovers in his life, men and women. Since his return from the war, however, any feelings had been rare, but when he locked eyes with Holmes the other night he felt a familiar stirring.
After some time of silence and food Sherlock spoke.
He then grabbed another mug and repeated the process for himself before returning the milk to the fridge and joining Clem on the couch.
When the world gets in your way
So it was bound to happen eventually.
“Clementine,” the unexpected houseguest greeted her.
“He—he grabbed her. That’s why I rushed out. He had her by the shoulders and was shaking her.” John could see Sherlock’s jaw clench at his words.
“Goodnight.” John would say.
Clementine took the hand that was not currently occupied with her breasts and slid her hand between the slick folds of her most intimate parts. Swiftly she sank three fingers into herself.
Seb, as it turns out, was a heroin dealer. Victor had let Sherlock crash at his place for a while. Her friend had been couch surfing between junkie friends and dealers for a few weeks. Victor kicked Sherlock out when he came home to find the curly haired boy passed out on his bed with a need in his arm.
“Do you remember when you stopped believing in Santa?” He asked.
Sherlock just huffed and tugged on his jacket. He had taken to wearing slacks, button up shirts, and dress jackets as street clothes. Another Bond tribute Clementine chose not to comment on.
“No. Uh, no. Not you.” His voice was a little more composed this time. “Him.”
John had not, however, heard of The Spy.
“Yeah, I’ve…uh…been a bit busy lately. Are Clem and Sherlock home?”
“Ya know I never pegged you as a stoner Holmes,” he said, passing the joint to Sherlock, who took a short drag.
John swallowed the icy lump that had formed in his throat.
“Hey!” Came Mike’s protest. Anderson simply ignored him and sipped his drink.
Their skepticism had morphed into pensiveness. Clem could tell they knew she was right, but didn’t like the implication.
“I—um, I—” John stuttered.
“Where is he?”
One morning Sherlock was particularly engrossed in some petri dish under his microscope.
John pulled a flask out of his vest pocket and took a swig. It quieted the burning in the pit of his stomach, the sweating of his palms. He was starting to question if this outing would be enough to settle himself. Perhaps he could pick up a young deckhand at the bar by the docks later. His prick gave a twitch at the thought.
“I-I-uh, I don’t know for sure,” Victor tried to affect a conciliatory air.
Frank Wheeler, the resident of 221B Baker Street, was an older gentleman with a smattering of white hair across a mostly balding head. He was a lecturer from the London School of Economics, though he did not actually teach economics, he taught English. The box, Clementine assumed by the loud thunk it gave when hitting the floor, was full of books.
“Answer me Sherlock.”
The stretch felt amazing. Sherlock shivered and moaned. His legs squirmed and hips writhed.
“Our affection is born from a deep sense of trust and understanding, cultivated over several years. The erotic element is born from your presence.”
It took every ounce of effort he had to stay still, but he trusted Clem and she seemed to have a plan. As Harry continued to suckle on her neck Clementine turned her head slightly to whisper in her ear.
“The next part is simple. The inscription on the back: Harry Watson. Clearly a relative of yours. This phone has all the latest bells and whistles, a young man’s gadget, which rules out father or uncle. Sure it could be a cousin, but you are a young responsible medical student living in a rundown bedsit. Why else would you bring Clem back here instead of your place? So it is unlikely that you have an extended family, at least one you are close to, else you would be living with them. So brother it is. The fact that it was originally a gift to your brother is quite easy. If
Around one in the morning Sherlock returned to Baker Street. Mycroft and Clementine were sitting, waiting.
Quickly, Sherlock scrambled to reach him. They grabbed for each other desperately. Adrenaline took over the detective and he hauled John bodily back over the edge of the roof, the two of them collapsing on the ground.
“Fuck him Sherlock. Fuck him hard. I need it. Please.” She whined.
“I heard you were abroad somewhere getting shot at. What happened?”
Clementine was outside the restaurant pacing. John turned to watch her through the large glass door and windows that adorned the front of the building. It seemed less like she was hailing a cab and more like she was arguing with someone inside her head.
“Since you are clearly not from a well-to-do family,” Sherlock continued, “as the average medical student is, you would need some sort of support through your medical training. It’s really not a difficult leap.”
“No.” John said. “No.”
His heart beat faster as the blood gushed from the large man’s nose. He could feel himself getting hard at the sight of the rough marks on the smaller man’s face.
“Good fight in there.” John offered up feebly.
Sherlock reached up and stroked her face gently as John withdrew his fingers and lined up his cock.
John grabbed onto Sherlock’s hips, steadying him.
Mycroft simply stiffened his posture and looked at John smugly.
John added a third finger and began stoking Sherlock’s shaft.
“So did you shag Clem last Friday or what?” The question was posed by Anderson a lewd prick who routinely hung out with John and his friends. John had never really cared for him, but he was a friend of Greg’s so John tolerated him.
Suddenly John’s eyes went wide with panic as he saw The Brick rise up behind Sherlock and plant a devastating blow to the back of his head. Sherlock stumbled forward and crumpled at John’s feet, well at the foot of the barricade at least.
Sherlock growled in frustration and pleasure. He needed more and now. Reaching down he pushed John’s mouth off of his cock and grabbed his arm, stopping his movements. Sherlock paid no attention to the confused look on John’s face as he bodily shoved him up the bed and onto his back.
Sherlock was frozen. John looked to him for some kind of answer. When none was forthcoming he looked back at Mycroft.
John bent over farther, trying to give Sherlock easier access. When he found John’s hole he circled it gently. John whimpered.
Sherlock had disappeared. The absolute nutter had gotten into a car with a deranged cabbie. A bloody murderer! John chased after them. There was no way he was going to lose Sherlock, not again. Not like this. He found the cab parked outside a school. But which building was he in? John chose one, burst through the doors and jogged up and down the hallways. He ducked in and out of any open room he could, calling Sherlock’s name. Eventually he burst through a door and saw the dark mop of curly hair.
He took in a deep breath as if steadying himself.  Mycroft wrung his hands and pursed his lips.
Sherlock hummed his approval before unwrapping himself from John and walking to the chair. The chair where he had first watched John fuck his roommate.
Sherlock just straightened his posture.
The two sat there, softening cocks cradled in John’s hand, cum cooling stickily on their skin, trying to catch their breath. Sherlock leaned up and placed a soft kiss on John’s lips.
After he finished, cock still in hand, he looked down at the two people below him. It was a tableau of debauchery. Their bodied flushed and glistening with sweat and cum. Their chests heaving. John’s heart began to swell. He was overwhelmed with the trust and vulnerability they had both shared with him. How had he, of all people, been allowed to share this experience with them? John knew at that moment that he would do anything to protect them.
“For Queen and country.” Sherlock whispered.
John reached down, budging Clem’s hand out of the way. He wrapped his strong hand around Sherlock’s aching prick and continued languorously fucking him. With his other hand he gripped Sherlock’s shoulder and lifted his head from where it was tucked into Clem’s shoulder.
“How did you know I was here?” Sherlock asked. Clem sat back a moment and looked into his eyes. They were glassy, but still held a drop of that sharp cunning that defined Sherlock.
“It’s my turn to watch.” John whispered in his ear. “I want you to show me how to pleasure her. I want to learn from the expert.”
“Do they really think this man possessed the mental faculties to commit such a crime?”
“The abused woman in your life.” It was a blunt statement that hit John right in the chest.
Clementine moaned loudly, her thrust picking up speed. John matched her pace with the hand buried deep in Sherlock.
Sherlock shifted anxiously on his feet and finished the rest of his whiskey before placing the glass on the counter behind John.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” With that John was off.
Then as if she weight no more than a feather John lifted Clementine up and positioned her on all fours facing Sherlock. He reached down and unclasped her bra, letting her breast hang free.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
The suspect ran up the stairs to the roof. John and Sherlock were close behind him. When they first burst through the door they didn’t see him. They began searching the roof, carefully looking around the corners of the few utility rooms scattered on the mostly open flat surface.
“I know it’s fine,” came Sherlock’s reply.
“It’s okay.” Clem gripped his shoulder. “Let’s just go in and see what’s going on.”
The cab pulled up to Lucky’s about fifteen minutes later. John hoped she was still there. It wouldn’t be the first time she had been thrown out of a pub or wandered out on her own.
Sherlock’s face went dark. He took a few steps toward John, fixing him with an intense glare.
“I don’t know what came over me,” Sherlock admitted sheepishly into John’s chest.
At that moment she was engrossed in the world of the book in her hands and couldn’t be bothered with such thoughts. When she was reading the whole world shut off.
When John had regained his equilibrium Clementine slowly inserted a second finger. Steadily pumping in and out she could feel John go pliant underneath her hands.
“It was,” he rushed to reassure, establish his earnestness. “It was very good.”
What's the point in all this screaming
His grip tightened and Clementine gave a small cry from the pain.
“Whatever for love?” She didn’t lift her head from his should, just snuggled deeper into the crook of his neck.
John began to reach for the buttons of her jeans when a deep voice cut through the room.
I think maybe I’ve met someone. I can’t really tell anyone since…
He reached across the table and took Sherlock’s hand, squeezing it gently.
“I’m shaking,” he said, his deep baritone voice delicate and trembling.
“That’s when Harry ran into the room and pushed my dad off of my mom. ‘Stop it!’ she shouted at him. ‘Just stop it!’”
“It’s so lovely to see you! I feel like I haven’t seen you in months.” She gave him a tight squeeze and kissed his cheek. John returned her affections with a warm, if slightly lopsided, smile.
“Of course Mycroft! I am sure Clem here would love to spend a nice afternoon with the Holmes family.”
“Uh, no. Not exactly fodder for the society pages, that.”
Right now he was on hour ten of a twelve hour shift. The exhaustion was getting to him.
“She’s so fucking tight. I can only imagine how tight she would be wrapped around that huge cock of yours.” Sherlock groaned in response, tightening his grip. “She gets so wet when you fuck her nice and deep. I can feel her dripping down my bollocks.”
He stalked toward Clementine a few paces.
Shortly after John returned to his place above Sherlock, the tall man felt slick fingers at his entrance.
be jealous Sherlock. His cock feels simply divine.”
Sherlock finally spied the man. He was crouched, waiting, and hadn’t noticed Sherlock. Suddenly, in all of their bumbling glory, Lestrade and his group came crashing through the door. The man turned, noticed Sherlock and took off in a panic. Sherlock ran after him. He was running for the edge of the building.
“Clementine’s murder, you complete dimwit. Lestrad knows people at the Met.”
“How long have you been here Mycroft?!”
The truth was he drank until he forgot.
Upon his arrest and the subsequent investigation had been discovered that her father had in fact not only been a financial advisor to London’s aristocrats, but also Columbia’s drug lords. When the police searched the house they found her father’s ledgers.
“Yeah that’s it. I want to see you cum all over yourself. I want you to squirt your juices all over than lounge. I want you to know, every time you walk back in there, what we made you do. What a dirty little minx you are. Cum for me love. Let me see it.”
“Since when has he ever cared how we are doing?” Sherlock bit back.
Sherlock stiffened and followed John. When they reached a quiet corner just down the hall John let out a pained sigh, finally running his hand through his hair in frustration. He had so much he wanted to say, to ask, but was devoid of words. He opened his mouth to begin speaking.
“John Watson! You watch your mouth!” By this point Clementine had dressed herself and was looking sternly into the camera. John was trying to gather his clothing from the floor with what little light emanated from the phone.
John punctuated his words with a dep thrust. Sherlock howled and Clementine moaned at the sight and sound, rubbing a hand over one breast and plucking fervently at one erect nipple.
“Okay,” Clem said and continued moving.
John slicked up his fingers with the proffered lube and slowly slid one finger in. Sherlock’s body was eager and accepted it gladly. A salacious moan escaped from Sherlock’s lips.
The man dropped his daughters arm and brushed his hands down the front of his suit. As if by magic the air around him shifted from menacing to jovial.
John shot a startled look at her. He would be lying if he said he had never thought about it, but he didn’t want to make Clementine feel unwanted.
When he walked into the party he was struck dumb. The ballroom of the house was crusted with crystal light fixtures, the largest of which a gold plated chandelier that dripped heavily from the middle of the room. The furniture was plush velvet and silk. The wall paper intricately patterned and the art work elegantly framed. A string quartet played in the corner. Servers in black and white carried silver trays to and fro.
They were a sight to see, but Sherlock didn’t so much as indicate he was anything other than alone.
“I’m sorry doctor, but I believe all pertinent information was already collected upon check-in.” His voice was even, cool, emotionless. John winced.
John jumped to his feet as a rather stern looking man in a three piece suit strolled into the kitchen.
“You must be one of Clementine’s friends.” The man said with a dismissive tone.
Sherlock took advantage of this move, her chest now splayed and exposed, and sucked a pert nipple into his mouth. John’s finger had been circling her tight pucker and as Sherlock began ravaging her breasts Clementine relaxed into John’s touch.
“Ah,” said Victor, “little orphan Annie. What brings you slumming into this neighborhood?”
“So what are you crazy kids up to this evening then?” Mrs. Powers began washing the mixing bowls from her baking adventure.
Sherlock thrust harder. Each time he heard Clementine gasp for breath. She was close. He knew John was close too. He could feel the shorter man clenching around him.
“Good.” He finish. “That was good. Thank you.” And he turned on his heels and left the room.
“There is NOTHING under my bed. Do you understand?”
Clementine and Sherlock froze. Slowly they turned their locked gaze to the boy in the doorway as if to verify his existence. Verify that he was not a mere specter.
Clementine groaned and stomped petulantly to the door. She just wanted to curl up on her couch and not talk to anyone. It was probably Mr. Wheeler anyway, wanting tape, or food, or cleaning supplies. She had better things to be doing with her time, like napping.
“Course you hadn’t,” John smiled wickedly. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the man’s plump full lips as they wrapped around the cigarette. There was a slight cut on his bottom lip and John wanted desperately to suck it into his mouth.
Clementine didn’t say a word.
They both looked skeptically at her.
“I’ve been wondering something since you agreed to meet me back at Baker Street,” Sherlock said.
“That was…” Sherlock began, seemingly at a loss for words.
Slowly pulling in and out, John kissed Sherlock sweetly on the lips.
“I—I just meant—since I was just a shag to you and—and—and you didn’t care then I wasn’t going to—um—to hurt you when I ship out in three month.”
Weekly weigh-ins were still routine, but she had replaced the chew and spit method with Diet Coke and exercise. Sherlock never pushed her about it. What was he supposed to say? “You’re hurting yourself. It isn’t healthy.”
John gently kissed at her neck as he massaged her breast.
“No.” Sherlock answered quickly.
John chuckled to himself.
“Fine.” John hung up the phone and stood, throwing his cone in the trash, appetite completely gone.
“Fine! I will drive my childish best friend to go see a stupid children’s movie in my brand new Aston Martin. Should we stop and get you a happy meal on the way?”
“He was just regaling me with his tale of chivalry.” Sherlock chuckled.
“Good morning Doctor Watson. I trust you…slept well.”
“I—I know. I’m sorry.”
She was talking to Sherlock. She had reached a hand down to his face.
Not that way.
“He’s not doing well.”
“When she’s right there, almost ready to cum just from being fucked.” The filthy words spilled from Sherlock’s lips and made John dizzy. “Right there, you can see it on her face.” Indeed Clem’s face had gone slack, her mouth hanging open, her eyes just barely closed. “That’s when you make your move.”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice was breathless.
Sherlock sneered internally.
The ring was nothing more than a baren circle of dirt surrounded by a makeshift wall of pallets and scrap wood.
Sherlock collapsed on the bed next to John.
She knew she should be grateful that Mycroft was even helping her. After all those parties. The long weekends. The brunches. The play dates. She saw just how fragile friendship was at the top. Every family friend or acquaintance they had made were quick to distance themselves from the scandal. She had known all along that their main objective was to protect their wealth while acquiring as much more of it as possible.
“Was that your student?” John asked.
“Oh, right.” John said, “You have a boyfriend?”
“Why?” John inquired.
Sherlock hummed contentedly.
Then suddenly her body language changed completely. She melted against Harry, her back pressed to the drunken woman’s front as they swayed to the music. Clem reached back and ran her fingers through the auburn hair tickling her neck. Harry leaned in and started kissing that gorgeous neck.
That stopped John’s thoughts in their tracks.
Clementine laughed at the hotty look on his face, as he crossed his arms.
Anyway, John was not about to let Harry sleep with his friend. She needed to get home and sleep off this drunken stupor. He picked up his pace to catch up to the women.
“I don’t think that is going to work Sherlock. And besides my clothes are out there.”
“Oh you dirty little thing,” John growled. “I have three fingers up this luscious arse right now. I can feel him clenching around me.”
“Goodnight, John.”
The assignment ended up taking nearly two weeks to solve. Lestrade and the Met had gotten involved when a civilian was kidnapped. They had tracked the man to an abandoned apartment building. The suspect, like an idiot according to Sherlock, had kidnapped the man to throw investigators off his trail. Make it seem like a crime of passion and not a plan to steal government secrets.
“So seeing as I already know the secret of what is under your bed and I am sure not to tell a single person I don’t see why I cannot remain here, hidden.”
“John.” His name was a benediction, a gasped confession of everything Sherlock felt, but was unable to express, as the sensation of John’s body on his had robbed him of coherent speech.
Chapter specific tags: mentions of war violence, super minor character deaths, depressive thoughts
“I’ll take an oolong if we have it,” Sherlock said sardonically.
“What are you on about Mycroft? Who’s dead?”
“Sherlock.” Mycroft’s voice faltered.
She could lie. Tell him she moved here for uni. Moved into her aunt’s spare apartment for the safety and price. Clem settled on a half-truth.
He knew where the clean mugs were, the ones Clem had forbidden Sherlock to use for experiments. John chose a white one with a chemistry joke on it, something about the element of surprise, and tossed in a bag of PG Tips that sat next to the kettle on the counter.
He leaned back slightly to hit John at a new angle. John screamed with pleasure.
John released a bark of laughter. What an unexpected and inexplicable creature this man was. After a moment John heard the deep rumbling of his companion’s laughter. The two men gave into a fit of giggles before shaking hands and introducing themselves.
“Goddamn it Sherlock Holmes!” Her tears began pouring again. “How could you do this to yourself!? How could you do this to me?”
“The room upstairs is open if you’ll be needing two rooms,” said Mrs. Hudson.
John H. Watson
“He did not take kindly to our parents’ insistence that you two be separated.”
“Don’t stop! Don’t stop! I’m still cumming!” Clementine cried between them, but neither man even considered slowing down. Their eyes were locked on each other and they were racing to their own orgasms.
“He is. It doesn’t matter if he is on drugs. Deep down he is still Sherlock and he needs my help.” Clem turns to Mycroft. “You have the British government at your disposal. Just give me a wire or something and put a bunch of guys outside the place so that if I get into trouble you can come in and rescue me.”
“Still have some work to do?” John asked.
“Clem is working late at the lab, but I’m sure Sherlock is up there somewhere. I think I heard the shower running a bit ago.”
He couldn’t stop the tears any longer. They flowed freely, streaming down his cheeks. He sniffled, wiping at them. Clementine clasped her hand over his.
“Yes.” Her word was more breath than voice, as Clementine road high on a cloud of pure lust. But she could still hear the smirk in John's voice.
Suddenly, John heard the beeping of a phone that was not his. He spun on his heels. Standing in the archway between the living room and the kitchen was Sherlock.
He paused at the door.
That’s what the email said. He had six months to pack his bags and head for the front lines of Afghanistan.
John didn’t know what to say, but Sherlock walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her waist.
John could feel the heat pooling in the pit of his stomach. He took another look at Sherlock who, watching with rapt attention, had brought his fingertips to brush the plump expanse of his lips. That was it for John. He slammed his eyes closed as he thrust one, two, three more times before succumbing to wave after wave of his orgasm. Clementine was practically screaming her release as her body convulsed around him.
“The last refuge of the ignorant,” said Clementine.
“Couldn’t shut my brain off I guess,” said John.
“I’ll pay.”
“You know what I mean!” Sherlock snapped back. “They didn’t let me examine her body. There was no sign of vomit or bodily fluids on the floor at the lab. If she had truly died on the floor as you say there would have been something. Some trace.”
“Sorry,” John spoke first, “I was just…um, yeah. I’m just gonna head out to work.” John gestured awkwardly toward the door.
“Hello love.” Sherlock heard John say. “Are you doing okay? Are you safe?”
Slowly she reached a hand out to feel his forehead in mock concern. Sherlock slapped her hand away, affronted.
“Well it’s a good thing you were about to leave then.” Sherlock spat back.
John ran his fingers along the seam of Clem’s lace undies. She pushed back into him, but continued to look through her scope and take notes in her book.
When she swung the door open, ready to be charge with some remedial task, like fetching old new papers, she froze.
Clementine sighed heavily, “And whose fault is that hmm?”
“Is that why you were getting ready to suck him off?” She asked.
“Do as you like.” John said, “They are technically yours.” Then he left the room and the bags of groceries on the floor.
“I need you with me, but I need the real Sherlock. Mycroft will get you help.”
Clementine. They were his and he was theirs.
His body curled around her as best he could in their positions. His cheek resting on the top of her head while she drenched his shirt in her tears. Her pitiful cries the background music to his lyrics.
“Who gives a shite what he wants? He has no business barging in here like this!”
“I figured you wouldn’t understand. I wanted to do something more sophisticated, but I guess that was too much to ask.”
“I will thank you to refrain from using profanity. It makes you sound like an uneducated ass.”
“John,” Sherlock was clinging to John, gasping for air.
“I can’t believe you kept your hands off her, all bare like this,” John groaned out as he gripped Clementine’s hips and thrusts deeper.
It was as if they were fucking her in tandem, thought John.
“Do you mind telling me what this is all about?” John asked thoroughly confused.
“My apologies,” he soothed her. “Are you sure you are going to be okay there by yourself?”
“You know I love classical music. I’ve studied the violin for years.”
“Because guys don’t typically like it.” Clem said bluntly. “They don’t mind showing off, being watched, but when they feel like he’s participating it tends to put them off. Some because of a sense of homophobia and others out of jealousy that they are no longer the center of attention.”
When Clementine first meets Sherlock.
They were huddled on the couch watching a Doctor Who marathon. They had their feet kicked up on the coffee table. Sherlock was explaining the logical fallacies of the representation of time travel in the show off and on. John was pleasantly ignoring him.
John slowly pushed one finger into Sherlock. His breath hitched at the intrusion, but his body slowly relaxed around it. John pumped his finger in and out of Sherlock for a brief moment before inserting another finger. Sherlock gasped as John began to gently scissor his fingers, stretching him out. He had become a writhing, babbling mess underneath the capable hands of John Watson. The feeling of Clementine’s hands in his hair rooted him to the spot, though, kept him from flying off into oblivion.
John howled. Sherlock lapped at the two of them, where John enters Clem’s body over and over, sucking on John’s shaft with every pull and sucking Clementine’s clit with every push.
“You need to tell me everything, Mycroft.
“Yes,” Sherlock said walking over to John’s side. “Biologically he is
text from John. Those texts made him blush. It was the only time they were even remotely intimate outside of the flat.
“We’re not playing any of your games Sherlock,” came Anderson’s nervous reply.
Sherlock threw a saccharine smile toward John. It made his stomach turn a bit.
“Please.” He whispered, taking another step toward his sister.
John shot a questioning look back to Sherlock. He was met with an icy stare.
John felt a cool gust of air as Clementine removed herself from him to retrieve something from the nightstand.
“Are you two ever intimate when I’m not here?” John couldn’t believe he had just said that out loud. He had been wondering for a while now. Since he watched Sherlock fuck Clementine, really.
“Is that what you need Doctor Watson? Do you need this thick prick?”
The statement, clearly directed at Sherlock, spurred the man into action. With a few steps he was in front of the pair on his knees. He helped John the rest of the way out of his trousers and then slowly removed Clem’s hands.
“I’m sure Clem would agree with you if she had all her wits about her,” Sherlock said. John gave a slight chuckle.
"Sherlock told me." She said with a slight smile. "He deduced you this morning didn't he?"
“Okay, okay! I mean’ no ‘arm.”
“Stop it! You’re killing her!” Clementine was crying, her nails scratched at his flesh catching her mother’s chin and cheek in the process. Suddenly there was a sharp impact to her nose. She couldn’t see.
His voice contained all the joy of an affectionate father but was as genuine as a mannequin from Harrods.
Sherlock stood in the doorway removing his jacket and shoes.
John leaned over and gently pressed his lips against her soft warm cunt. His tongue snaked out gently gliding along her slick opening. She tasted elegant and complex.
“Outside influences?”
“Oh I intend to.” Sherlock noticed John’s fingers had not moved. This message was intended for Sherlock.
A deep moan escaped Sherlock’s lips. Clem kissed the top of his head.
“If you need anything Clementine, you can always, always call me.” Mycroft had tried to reassure her.
Slowly they began peeling the clothes from each other’s bodies. When they were down to just their pants they stood there, each one touching every inch of bare skin exposed to them. Kissing. Kissing.
“Would you be interested in being that companion tonight?” Sherlock ground their erections together, as if to drive his question home.
When she didn’t respond he leapt at her angrily grabbing her shoulder to pull her up.
“That doesn’t make it hurt any less,” John said.
“Laying with you could never be tedious.”
“Beside drawer.” Came her response.
“Don’t do that!”
He knew it was coming, was prepared. He didn’t flinch or pause, just continued to kiss down to his chest. To stave off the eventual response he would have to make, John sucked a pink pebble into his mouth.
Then, with the greatest of haste, John unzipped his flies and pulled out his cock. It ached and flushed with desire. Gripping his member in one hand, he snatched up the phone with the other.
When John’s fingers slid between her thighs they both gasped with shock. Clementine from the gentle caress against her sensitive cunt. John from the smooth softness he felt.
He picked up his instruments and began his work, poking, cutting, wiping, picking. Some moments were so painful Clementine buried her face in Sherlock’s chest to scream. The sound reverberating in his ribcage. Her pain reflected on the man’s tortured face.
“Don’t be silly,” he said, planting a gentle kiss to the other man’s lips. “I was merely curious.” A kiss to his cheek. “She doesn’t usually work this late.” A kiss to the neck.
And the least they ever gave you
“While third degree burns like this can cause substantial nerve damage the debridement process can be very painful. Are you sure I can’t convince you to consider even a small dose? It won’t leave you too loopy.”
He felt the woman’s body go a bit stiff in his arms and Sherlock stutter in his ministrations.
When it got so heavy, so overwhelming, John thought he might burst, he slowly pulled away, Sherlock chasing him with his lips. As John leaned over to the bedside table Sherlock peppered his chest and stomach with delicious, hungry kisses.
“I remember it very clearly,” John continued as if she hadn’t said a word.
Sherlock moaned low in his throat. Clementine purred.
“Come on,” the soft voice above him spoke, “Come lay with me on the couch and watch this. It’s starting to get cold out and you’re going to need the body warmth you lanky git.”
“—a box of cookies and candy along with a pile of empty wrappers.”
What John, and all other male journalists, failed to understand was that female journalists did not relish this style of writing any more than they did. If women were ever to put more than a shallowly scandalous spin on a story, if they were ever to report on more than who showed up and spoke to whom, they would be exiled from attendance at future parties, effectively ending their journalistic careers.
“It’s Sherlock.”
That feeling welled inside him now as he eyed the yellow marks peeking out from the neck line of Mrs. Powers’ shirt. He wanted to put both of them in his new car and drive far far away from that house. But he couldn’t. He knew he couldn’t. He was just a useless teenager.
“Great. I’m coming with you.” Clementine shoved the last bit of her cone in her mouth.
Mike shot John an amused look.
“Oi!!” John shouted as he reached the pair. He grabbed Anderson by one hand, weaving his fingers around the other man’s thumb, and twisted. Anderson shouted in pain as his arm contorted in an unnatural way and John inserted himself between him and Clem.
“Listen man. You need to come get her. She’s making a scene at my pub and I don’t want to get physical with a woman.”
Sherlock deduces John. Clementine and John go on a date.
“Tell John I’m sorry and I wish I was there with you.”
Sherlock held on to is sulky countenance with an icy grip, but with each warm press of lips to skin he melted further until he was laid back on the couch, completely surrounded by the med student on top of him.
“Sherlock!” The anger was evident in her voice.
“I’m gonna take care of you,” he said affectionately back to her.
Sherlock knew what he was going to say. He could see it written on his brother’s face. In the slant of his shoulders, the curve of his back. But it wasn’t true. It couldn’t be.
John H. Watson
A few moments later the lights had been dimmed, the docuseries was started, and John had a lap full of lanky chemist. He smiled to himself and gently stroked the curls laid before him, smooth as a fine whisky.
“Incompetent is more like it. He was torturing her.” Sherlock sneered.
A flash of confusion crossed the boy’s face. She chuckled to herself.
“John! Sherlock? Are you there? What happened?” She sat up straight, her attention now focused on the sudden loss of her lovers.
“Fine. Fine,” he said, his tone relenting, but affectionate. “It just seemed like the kind of movie you would like.”
With that final remark Sherlock turned and retreated to his bedroom.
Victor was frantic, panicked.
was a pair of pink lace panties.
“Th-th-the last time I saw him was about a week ago. He crashed at my place a few nights. He, was—uh—he was really strung out.” Vic looked nervously between the two men. “L-l-listen. I don’t do that hard shit.” Another tight squeeze to the arm, this time with a slight twist. Victor yelped in pain. “I mean it! I-I know people who do, but—”
“Dinner can be eaten at home.” Sherlock said, trying to one-up her resolution.
“Bets! Place your bets here!” A bookie cried into John’s ear.
“You are so fucking beautiful.” Sherlock’s voice was trembling with desire. “I’m so hard, leaking all over the couch. I wish I could burry my face in you. Taste you. Aaaaaahhhhhh!”
At first it was playful, as if the two were partaking in a hen party that got a bit rambunctious. Then Harry pulled their bodies closer, running her hands across Clementine’s stomach. John could feel his face go red with rage.
“Sherlock?”
“I like to find a willing companion.” John felt his knees quaking beneath him. “Take him home and ride his cock into the next morning.”
“You have the most gorgeous arse.” John had inserted a third finger at this point. Clem’s legs were spread wide, bracketing both men. She slowly rubbed her calf up the side of John’s thigh.
“Get your goddamn hands off of me!” Clem screamed.
John had no intention of revealing to Mike that he had no intention of staying in London much longer. Had no intention of telling Mike about the illegal handgun in the drawer in his bedsit, waiting for him to come back so he could make one final exit.
I’ve been shot. I was on a mission with my platoon and we fell under heavy enemy fire. One of my team had been shot. I was tending to him, trying to save him, when the bullet hit. It got me right in the shoulder. The pain was like nothing else. I couldn’t see straight. I was still trying to help Marcus, but eventually I passed out. Marcus didn’t make it. Another member of my team had to drag me out. She saved my life.
She gave him another quick hug before remembering that John was in the room.
For the briefest of moments Sherlock turned his eyes from the scope. Just a flash, just to see what had pulled at his consciousness from the sidelines. And in that briefest of looks, not even a glance, Sherlock caught the erotic image before him.
Mycroft sniffled.
He had been working in the A&E for about two months now. Once he received his orders and realized he would be thrown into the midst of trauma medicine in less than a year he decided some practice was in order. He spoke to some administrators at his uni and the hospital and had his A&E rotation bumped up.
“I’m fucking you
“But,” she interjected to stave off his tears, “you have nothing but love in your heart. I know it and so does he. And right now I need you to tell me where he is. Where can I find him?”
They melted into the kiss. Their mouths worked as one inseparable unit. Pressing, nipping, licking, and gasping. John wrapped his other arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled their bodies flush.
Then, slowly, very slowly, sank back down, feeling them fill her once again. This drew a collective moan from the three of them.
Then suddenly, “I’m cumming! Oh god Sherlock I’m cumming!”
He’s gone. Major Sholto has been transferred to a new company. It makes sense. He is the best at what he does. They need him to train new recruits. Lord knows we need them over here.
“Stop,” he shouted louder than intended.
Sherlock stood from his seat at the desk. Looking down at John he gently rested his hands on either side of John’s face and slowly leaned down, placing a soft kiss on John’s lips.
John and Sherlock stood at the counter waiting for their dinner. Apparently, assured of his success, Sherlock had added his own order before ever coming to the table. Rather presumptuous John thought.
“I’m telling you. Those two are weird and I think they are trouble.”
She just scoffed.
“So who is she?”
“Is tonight’s fight going to make it in that article of yours?” Sherlock quipped.
'Cause the world gets in your way
She spoke in a very even, very intense tone.
“What do you want Mycroft?”
Sherlock shook his head, which was now buried in the crook of Clementine’s neck, in the affirmative. Slowly John pulled his fingers out of the man’s body and lined up his cock. With the greatest of care John pushed into Sherlock only moving forward as Sherlock’s body relented to the intrusion.
“What are you doing here Sherlock?” She said instead.
“Sherlock, love?” Clementine purred.
Sherlock began tapping out a message on John’s phone.
“No you won’t.” Clem retorted Sherlock’s offer.
The red heat of embarrassment and arousal pricked Sherlock’s face as his hand was lifted to John's mouth. Slowly and delicately, John began to lick the sticky mess from Sherlock’s flesh. He lapped at his palm, letting his lips brush the soft pads of his hands. He snaked his tongue out to wrap around each digit before sucking it into his mouth with a low moan. When John pulled the last of the man’s fingers from his mouth Sherlock was finally able to breathe again and sucked in a shaky breath.
Sherlock interrupted John’s attentions to press fervent, devoted kisses to his lips. He nipped at the soft flesh of his mouth, indulging in the taste of the man above him.
This was a constant battle. He had been accusing her of infidelity since shortly after they had been married. It was just a product of his insecurity and anger. Even if he hadn’t kept a tight watch on her, she would never be unfaithful, even to this evil man.
“I know what he needs to see. He needs to see that pretty pink pussy of yours.”
He hadn’t seen Holmes again that night.
Clementine nodded her head in affirmation. Sherlock looked irritated.
“Well it’s hardly my fault you weren’t listening. And as for you,” he turned his attention to John, “I signed the text as being from me.”
Just then John heard another text alter. Again it was from Clementine.
“Please don’t make me say it.” Mycroft begged in a straight tone.
The pathologist lifted Clem’s left arm. Her hand and arm were wrapped up where John had dressed her wounds a few days ago.
“Don’t leave me like that again, Sherlock.” John’s voice wasn’t angry, but frantic, pleading. “I don’t think I could stand it again.”
“Wooooo hoooo!”
“I’m so sorry dear. The only spare bedroom is on the second floor and technically belongs to apartment B. I know it’s not ideal for a young lady your age, but I thought we could go to the furniture shop together and pick out some things you might need to make this space a bit more yours.” Aunt Martha tried to reassure the pathetic broken looking thing that had shown up at her door.
Clementine didn’t make fun of him for choosing the Aston Martin DB9 GT. He hadn’t been interested in watching Casino Royal, originally. Clementine thought Daniel Craig was hot and forced Sherlock to go to the theater with her. Mycroft had driven them.
“I hate you.” She whispered.
Tentatively John ran his tongue over Sherlock’s tight pucker. The man moaned obscenely. Emboldened by this response John began lapping at him, dipping his tongue past his tight entrance periodically. Sherlock was a debauched mess. His brain was short circuiting with every press of John’s tongue. Clementine purred encouragements in his ear.
The two men looked each other in the eyes for a long moment.
Now Clem was stepping forward. The boy was taller than her, but she just tilted her head up to meet his eyes as if his presence was nothing more than that of an annoying mosquito to her.
“I want you to look at him.” He said. “I want you to look him in the eyes as you come. I want you to come together.” He shot a look at Sherlock, who appeared to be on the edge. John reached down and flicked her clit with his middle finger. Clem howled as she came. Her body shivered, convulsed, and John gripped her hip with his free hand to keep her seated on his cock. He felt her orgasm as it racked her body. She never broke eye contact with Sherlock, though. Just when her orgasm seemed to peak Sherlock spilled over his hand and her pleasure was renewed. John continued his relentless ministrations and thrusting.
The two men began rocking together. John would push down onto Sherlock, while Sherlock would thrust up into him. In short order both men were wild out of their minds with desire, salacious moans breaking through desperate kisses.
“Don’t,” came Clementine’s voice from behind him. “He’s not worth it. He’s just a self-important sleazy twat. He’s not worth the trouble.”
It took all the effort John had to keep his hands steady. He could feel himself shaking from within. Her cries destressed him in a primal gut-wrenching manner that he had never felt. His misery made all the more acute with the knowledge that he was doing this to her.
“Please.”
A few moments later found her sat in her living room/bedroom, sitting on her couch across from Mycroft, who sat in Aunt Martha’s armchair, with a small tray of tea and biscuits on the table between them.
Sherlock scoffed at the implication of the question.
“She’s not sleeping with anyone else,” he let it slip to John one evening.
How had everything gone all cockeyed?
“Stay here.” John instructed, then carefully extricated himself from Sherlock’s lap and disappeared into the bathroom. He returned shortly, trousers done back up, looking more put together than Sherlock who was still sitting on the couch boneless, soft cock still hanging from his pants. John had brought a washcloth with him. Its warmth and wetness as John gently wiped him clean and tucked him back into his trousers. John threw the cloth on the ground when he was finished and collapsed next to Sherlock on the couch. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling him close and kissing the top of his head.
Sherlock still looked skeptical, as if he were waiting for a scolding. But he took the offered hand and stood up from the kitchen floor. John gently tucked himself back into his pants and kissed Sherlock on the cheek.
“Good night then dears!” Came the sweet call as they shut the door to 221b.
“I need you to bring him home.”
As crazy as it sounds, it makes me look forward to going out on missions. We scouted some roads the other day. They suspected Al-Qaida was moving weapons on them. It was quite thrilling actually. Just a small team of us, out in the desert on our own for a few days. Knowing at any moment something could happen. We could be found. There could be gun fire or an IED. I don’t mean to sound flippant, but it is quite thrilling. It is a lot like being in A & E. It’s exciting and dangerous and you really get the sense that you are doing something important. In the end, though, nothing happened. We didn’t see anything.
It had started innocently enough, the two of them on the couch kissing and running hands down the other’s chest and back. Then suddenly he felt this overwhelming need to get John closer, as close as he could get him. He gripped John by the hips and guided him up onto his lap. John didn’t hesitate and, seemingly driven by a similar desire for closeness, swung his leg over the other man and settled bodily into his lap.
