Dean scoffed, “I’m a simple man, Cas.”
“You used to fly?”
“There are also some rules that we follow here. They may seem a bit dated, but sometimes I think that’s part of the charm.” Castiel said, “The first and most useful rule: no drinking. The last thing we need are issues of consent because of alcohol consumption.”
Hollow guilt burrows its way into his chest. He should have taken her recent absences a bit more seriously, competition be damned.
“For good reason: my father’s not very interesting, I’m afraid,” Cas says closing his briefcase.
“Guys,” Dean rebuffs, heading into his office with invoices. “Get to work.”
Dean took a steadying breath as he got out of the car. “Well, fuck me,” he said with a wide grin, “it’s Castiel Novak.”
. Nothing could ever just be easy for the Winchesters, could it?
“Still not,” he reminds him.
Cas tilts his head, bemused. Given Meg could only really stand about five people at a time, their list of shared acquaintances was short. The only one on that list with news that might interest him is Balthazar, and Castiel knows nothing’s going on with Balthazar that wasn’t
He nodded along with whatever Sam was saying and selected another cycle from the drop-down. Cas's dark slacks tented as he imagined Dean masturbating so furiously that his glasses skewed.
“What do you want me to say you’re doing?”
Bobby rises from his chair in the living room and crosses to him, shooing Mary out of the way. “Y’alright, son?”
He tosses her the extra apron from the supply closet. “Get that on, you little miscreant.”
“Woah Miracle, lemme put this down, buddy, it’s heavy,” she says in the sweet voice she reserves for the dog before glaring at Dean. “Your dad’s killing me with these packages.”
Dean’s seatbelt makes a satisfying click.
the carnage.
"What can I do for you, Crowley?"
“Dean,” Sam cuts him off. “That’s big news! Congratulations!” Nancy preens with Sam’s reaction as if it had been her own news and Dean gets the impression she had been both brother’s secret lunch-time confidants.
“You know what? No. I take that back. I
“I brought the S’mores.” Dean says, trying to wave them off. “Innit that trade enough?”
He was there now.
“Have you ever tried it?” Prompts Cas, settling deeper into his pillows.
They waved to him through the window, their eyes brimming with tears. All except for Charlie Bradbury, who finally looked up from her phone and winked before the bus pulled out of the drive.
“Yeah, yeah. I think I’ve seen that Hallmark movie.” Dean chuckled, Bobby knew better than to doubt one of Dean’s wild stories so he asked gently,“You okay?”
“Hey Red, I think I have an idea, come with me.” She nodded towards the stairs.
“Cars, funny movies,
“Now I’m gonna warn you, Cas runs a tight ship. Any bad habits you’ve picked up, you better get rid of right now. You’re a fresh slate here, alright?” For the first time since they met, Sam looked fiercely serious. “Cas is like family to me.”
Castiel blinked, and then his heart sank with the weight of the truth.
It works. He can practically see his brother sweat. Nancy, too, seems affected by Dean’s impression of his father. He’s glad suddenly that she’d never see the original.
“Oh! Castiel,” Lily said, drawing his attention away from the gossip, “the decorations in the box by the tree in the Foyer were a donation from the Hotel. Do you think you can toss out the mistletoe for me?“
“If you’re sure.”
Donna never failed to make him blush.
“Y-yeah,” Charlie said sunnily, trying to rid the corridor of awkward tension. “It’s laundry day. You wouldn’t believe how good I’ve gotten at folding a fitted sheet.”
Her husband stifles a laugh.
kid’s gettin’ married. You know?”
“You had one job,” Dean said warningly, “and I thought that out of all the things I could have asked you to do, lying low would have been the easiest for you.”
The Chicken ranch didn’t stay empty for long; It had occurred to Charlie that Gabriel Shurley the owner of The Casa Erotica, an adult film company, may want to preserve this historic sexual landmark.
Dean had never been happier to be old news.
be true. Everyone Sam met so far had treated them like the golden lovers of Joshua. Dean grimaces and stares out the window at the snowbank around the parking lot.
It only took a few hours for Bobby to get to the hospital, and the first thing he did when he saw the boys was hug them tightly. He didn’t say that he was sorry about what happened to John. They all sort of expected it. It was what happened when you chased ghost stories long enough.
“Sheriff, it just occurred to me that you and I are in the same profession.”
“I TRIED TO CALL YOU,” Cas cried. “And when I couldn’t reach you, I tried to call in for the breaking and entering, and do you know what happened? Do you know what the parting shot of the dispatcher who took my 911 call was? That we were going to hell, and that we
Lisa looked as though she wanted to say something but shook her head. “See you around, Cas.”
Deputy Garth beamed down at him in his friendly, paternal way. “Hey Cas, have you seen Dean anywhere? He went to get the mail earlier, but now I’m thinking he’s taking another one of his late lunches.” He put his hands on his hip in a slightly disapproving fashion that made Cas smile.
“Cassie,” answered Hannah, eyes twinkling.
Dean snorts, “You mean she counted the cars in the parking lot?”
“What? Really?” Castiel turned to help Dean out of his coat to hide the faint tint of embarrassment. “Guess I must just be special. Huh, Cas?”
The goth girl from earlier spoke up from behind an old computer at desk stage left, “Seeing a lot of comments about ‘the angel of Thursday’ and some sci-fi series, boss.”
And he's getting some ideas.
Dean yawns and pulls Cas’s navy blue coverlet closer to him. “Cas? Promise me you’ll stay safe out there. “
“Hello, Dean.”
“Nah, and you aren’t gon tell her either,” Benny says, laughing. “In for a penny, in for a pound, Brother. I’ll eat them all myself.”
Cas was the only one he’d ever told.
Dean looked confused. “Wanna run that by me again in English?”
It turned out the store has an even better view of the road than the motel reception desk does.
Dean closed the book loudly. “I’m not asking a girl to prom, Cas. They get, I don't know, weird about it.”
, and he had been doing fine for years now. Even if his family never seemed to believe it.
A bright, gummy grin spread over Castiel’s face. Which of course meant that someone was going to ruin it.
He couldn’t ask for better friends.
Dean scoffs.
“Dean loves you. We all do.”
“You still have us, Cas,” Meg reminded him. “Even if we all move away tomorrow, how many letters do you still get from Jody and Donna?”
Claire hands him a bowl of mac and climbs over the top of the couch to sit next to him. “Alright then, what are we having for dinner tomorrow, Nerd?”
Jessica had said, “No.”
“Dean,” Castiel warned
He’s not sure what makes him want to drink more: lost time or lost interest, and doesn’t feel up to finding out tonight. He hides out for the better part of an hour, before Pam cuts him off.
Dean chuckles and says, “After the first sandstorm nearly took Baby’s topcoat off, I had to put her up.”
A grin explodes over her face, and she rewards him with a hug. “Thanks, Dean. And don’t forget to talk to him about Moondoor this summer!”
[Cas:] I’ve arrived safely.
As soon as the silver bat touches his skin, it sizzles. Dean’s stomach drops. Whoever these guys were, they weren’t human.
“So what?” Dean pressed, “Lanville county was fine with the Chicken Ranch, with Cas, as long as he was making civic contributions but the minute he’s the one hard up, no one’ll defend him? We’re just supposed to abandon him like this?”
Saloon music jingled from an antique piano in the parlor, and guests made their way to the foyer in front of the grand staircase, jeering and elbowing each other.
A whistle sounds from off to their side and both men turn to look at the curb. Benny’s pulled up to the street from the wrong side of the road. “‘m not getting any younger, brother. Hey, Cas.”
Castiel’s whole face softened into a warm blush. “Thank you.”
He cut in quickly, “not a what, a who. Some guy with a shitty family kidnapped me to pretend to be his boyfriend.”
And so, ten minutes later, Dean sat in the front row of a packed audience ready to watch his first-ever Hellhound Report.
, to seem so transparent. To have what you want, what you crave, be in view but just out of reach.
He leers at Cas. “How was that?”
Jody looked surprised. “You know what? I think that’s the first harsh think I’ve heard you say about anyone.”
Accidents don’t just happen accidentally.
Charlie allowed herself to look properly tired. “You’re telling me. I’ve been up since 4:30!”
Cas holds out a warm, dry hand for Sam to shake.
They crossed the street to Herrington’s Ice Cream Shoppe together, Dean holding open the door as she entered. A rush of cool air hit her as the door opened and she jumped.
“The ba- Jack. Jack’s okay.” He affirmed, breathing deeply.
Castiel chuckled. “We’ll get wet. Besides I remember it taking a full afternoon with a large number of hands. The most we’d be able to manage is a little snow burrow before dinner.” he looked out over the yard. It was dark but the soft yellow glow of the Christmas lights extended a few feet onto the fresh powder. “It’s a nice thought though.”
She opened the screen door and called into the house, “Clarence, there’s a Winchester on our lawn. And he’s brought us a new puppy.”
He almost hoped that would be the case. Dean wanted to get a good look at the guy who could make the whole world stop to count peanuts.
The Public Relations Department had been particularly busy managing the company's social media accounts. And while Dean's work-load had increased little beyond okaying the layouts for ads, he took his time during office hours in order to justify calling Cas up to his office to "catch up on stuff" after everyone had gone home. Cas didn’t exactly have an eye for design or anything, but he could nip potential PR nightmares in the bud and, in return, Dean got him out of his cubicle in the windowless office he practically inhabited these days. Time would practically fly by and whatever task either of them had left for after work would get done hours before they finally parted.
“You too, Bobby.”
“Number three. No pencil-dicked son of a bitch is going to accuse me of taking a
While he waits for the water to warm, he checks his messages.
Castiel shrugs and hands it to him easily, "I can't tell if that's supposed to be a six or a nine."
At the end of the piano’s introduction, Castiel appeared at the top of the staircase in a floor-length black gown and a massive black wig piled on his head. He sang about the rules of the chicken ranch in a clear voice that rumbled in all the right places.
“Oh! Mr. Novak,” Nancy, the office secretary, says, standing. “I was just about to call down to PR. You have guests—“
Dean squinted, “And Crowley gets to be the first one to the scoop?”
Cas waved him off, “The whole world doesn’t revolve around you, Dean. I had other things on my mind.” He looked at the car wincing, “It’s like someone drawing a sharpie mustache on the Mona Lisa. What kind of monster would do such a thing?”
Hearing the echo of Gabriel’s laugh, Castiel shakes his head and sighs. “That’s him. Back before we fell, he and James had made some sort of sports bet. When he lost, he had to take the form of an infant, I don’t remember why, and we lost track of him in the hospital.”
favorite,
“Don’t choke,” Cas teases, starting for the stairs.
on the television.”
“Cas, this is an official call,” Dean said automatically.
Dean huffs a little laugh. “I guess sisters’ll do that to you. They’ve got ‘puppy eyes’. I mean, I don’t have any but Sam—“
“The new way?”
He hands back the tablet and motions for her to come in for a hug. Things were changing quickly in his small town and even though it was all for the better, he can’t help but feel a little vulnerable. Claire rolls her eyes and brings it in.
Cas would be lying if he said he wasn’t in love with Dean. When he was young and had the energy, he could cover it up pretty well, he thought. People in town continued to treat their relationship as that of close friends, even if they couldn’t rationalize Dean’s customer loyalty.
“He gave the money back,” Michael said almost fondly.
Dean shrugged “Yeah If I don’t move around too much.”  They started down the street together towards Meg’s sorority house. Music spilled out and was amplified in the crisp fall air. Dean would be lying if he wasn’t a little excited to go to this stupid thing. “I’m more worried about not being able to eat or drink with it on.”
“Goodnight, Dean. Enjoy your cookie.”
Dean leans against the counter while Jo pulls up his information on the computer. Cas wanders over to the vending machine to have a look. He tilts his head to the side, frowning.
Inais, who was holding the ladder, looked out the window too and said, “Red Dodge Dart. Anyone we know?”
The longer the evening went on, the more Dean felt for Cas. The Novak family was under the impression that their brother, the man who kidnapped him, was straight-laced, prudish, and boring. If he was, Dean certainly hadn’t seen that side of him yet. Or maybe he
lurking behind his eyes, was much, much larger, much more frightening than any monster he had ever hunted.
“Lucifer, if the town of Gilbert had asked me to close it down, I would in a heartbeat. Cas knows that, hell it might be why he doubled Lily Sunder’s donations.”
to be a fantasy. Just something that people could think about instead of all the things they had to think about.
Specifically, he remembers the days he thought he was the same hot shit Claire sees when she looks in a mirror.
“Thank you.”
Dean looked up at him, eyes twinkling.
Market Research?
He blushed, and the two of them made out in the broad daylight.
Dean hesitates. He and Cas had never really talked about porn preferences and Cas didn’t write much in the way of explicit material in any of his novels. Dean realizes he has no idea what kind of stuff Cas was even into.
Castiel tears his eyes from the box to look at the parish cemetery behind the playground next to the church. The lights outside their crypt flickered on like someone had flipped on porch lights.
In the car as it whizzed under lights on the highway.
“Meg. Merry Christmas.”
He points to himself and then shakes his head as if to say, “who me? Nah! You’ve got me all wrong!” When Eileen doesn’t buy it, he gives his phone a little wave. “Let's invite Cas.”
He worries so much that he misses the moment when a man in a tan jacket walks into the store. Dean calls out from the coffee machines, “Hey, look what the cat dragged in. I’ll be done in just a second, Cas.”
“I went to get you a beer and got caught up talking to Pam.”
“We are completely with in the law. As a member of the press, I have first amendment protection.” He boomed over the murmuring crowd, “The public has a right to know what’s going on out here and what kind of payoffs you’re accepting,
It was a compliment, of course, Castiel had seen Gilbert’s “Meat Man” devour an entire rack of ribs in record time and rather hoped Dean would bring his “A Game” this afternoon.
Charlie let out a breath she didn’t know she had been holding. “Thank you.”
Sometime after seven, he leaves a generous tip for Nancy and goes across the street to his general store. The summer-morning sun is awake and ready to light all of Joshua on fire. The little waves of “witch water” forming on the horizon won’t be enough to put it out.
Dean’s eyes narrow, and he backs into his office, closing the door.
“I could run a tech blackout for the night, just in case. I mean, it wouldn’t stop someone from recording, but they’d probably have to drive outside Gilbert to upload,” Charlie added.
Of course, the first words out of Dean’s mouth weren’t “thank you,” or “I’m glad you’re here”, but “do you know where they’re keeping my baby, Bobby?”
That was when the shorter boy, Dean, noticed him. He approached Castiel on bowed legs and leaned against the counter. The boy who came in with him muttered something and rolled his eyes.
He had given Cas the abridged version of his childhood. He doesn’t have to tell Cas how he learned to fire a gun before he learned that math had letters, or what the tattoo on his chest was for. He doesn’t tell him what the family business was. Those are facts, but they aren’t important. Not really.
“They called her. She didn’t answer, so they got a sub. No one knew anything was wrong yet.”
Castiel shook his head.
The chime of the door snaps Sam out of his thoughts. Dean’s already gone inside.
“Ah, Sheriff. How can I help you?” Crowley said with an odd twang; it was hard on Dean’s ears and he racked his brain trying to place it.
Dean takes a minute to fortify himself. “Cas I-”
Cas waits for the adrenaline from the nightmare pass and for the constricting feeling in his chest to ease. He takes deep breaths and tries to listen to the settling of Dean’s breaths and the slow steady rhythm of his heart against his back and slides into a deep and dreamless sleep.
Dean's hands slipped and he dropped the matches.
With the hope of returning to his and Cas’s little skirmishes gone, Dean skulked around the school hardly saying two words to anyone but Sam. He wasn’t ignoring Cas, but he was trying to keep his distance. Even so, Cas seemed to grow increasingly annoyed. Sam could practically feel the crackle in the air whenever they were around each other and figured it was only a matter of time before something happened.
flavor and that part, at least, wasn’t undercooked.”
“This shit stain stole from us.” The trucker points over the shoulders of two larger girls and Claire, to Jesse who’s standing stock still with tears in his eyes.
The world was soundless. A big black blanket of nothing. And from that darkness, Dean heard himself say, “It would be a hell of a lot better than being a whore, wouldn’t it Cas?”
Meg squeezed his hand. “Like I said, you have a tell.”
: A roof over his head, a job he’s good at, great friends like Charlie and Benny, His family— And Cas, his best friend for more than half his life.
“They’re
“Mother!” Michael pleads. Naomi puts her hands up and walks a little faster to get out of the middle. She gives Castiel a nod, the corners of her lips ticked up in amusement as she walks to her car.
“Nice. Where are we going, Cas?
And Dean had been fine.
“Of course, the office staff was told to keep it quiet. She was no-call-no-show again this morning so the principal, Rebecca Smith-Rosen, went to go check on her.”
Before he could think better of it, he hit the play button.
“Well, for one: if angels exist, that would mean
“You don’t want me around to help lock up,” she asks with a teasing grin.
Cas’s eyes are glued to the car, tracking it as it heads down the street toward the office. “Please don’t turn into the garage,” he pleads under his breath.
Castiel was now looking everywhere but at the head of the table where Michael sat. Dean got the picture.
Instead of going to Benny’s, Dean walks them a little further up the street to Swayze’s Bar. Stepping in, Dean feels warmer and more at home. The place still decorated for Christmas and, knowing Lee, it would stay that way until Valentine’s Day.
If they’ve had too much to drink, they’ll laugh and scream at the sky for aliens and rain for hollyhocks and desert roses. Clothes come off in a heady blur of limbs and kissing. Of gasps and puffs of cologne. Cas will come with a shout like clapping thunder.
Dean handed Cas the small black gas station bag. “Got your pie, Nora threatened to sneak in a few 'extras' but I told her we had it covered.”
“Yeah.” Sam says shifting feet, with a relieved sigh. “Thanks, Dean. Goodnight.”
Cas steps into the kiddy pull and sloshes his way over to the other lawn chair, the blue one that was set out just for him. It hisses and clicks a little under his weight.
After his shower, relaxed in body and energized in spirit, Cas spends the rest of the afternoon writing. Dean doesn’t text anymore and by the time Cas notices it was already time to go to his parents.
When he doesn’t let her go right away, she pats his back. “Dean? I’m not leaving for, like, another month.”
It’s tempting to go to Lee’s. It was always the right kind of loud and full of strangers he may never see again. Dean knows from years of experience that the gnawing pull in his chest is something he’s treated with a healthy dose of Kentucky Whisky.
“Bobby, it’s me.”
Sam clamped his trap shut in irritation and then said levelly when it passed, “I was
“What about Jack?”
“...I think you overestimate the amount of sleep I need,” Cas tries.
“He married or something?”
Cas sinks into the bed next to him. “I do.”
Dean fastened a hook to the bottom of his line and then threaded an earthworm with a sympathetic wince. “Doesn’t matter to me. I’m not a big fish guy anyway.”
. She hangs with a pretty wild crowd. But you’re right she’s my best friend, I’m sure she--” he paused and then searched the easy smile on Dean’s face.
still illegal in Texas.“
“Maybe ‘cause you left him alone while your brother’s givin’ him the third degree? Don’t think I need eyes to figure that out.” Dean grunts. Pam shakes her head and folds her arms across her chest.
He moans something unintelligible as Cas sinks his warm mouth down onto him. Going as far down as he can and nearly coming off before sinking back again.
Castiel had never been more in love with someone. They had goofed off, sang Christmas carols and laughed loud and free. Castiel felt like his heart was about to claw its way out of his chest every time Dean touched him.
Through his (judgmental) scowl, Sam adds, “Would be a good opportunity to get to know him better.” Dean rolls his eyes. Just a week after he figured out how he felt, he started pumping Sam for info. It took him maybe two Cas-centered conversations to figure it out.
He turns to Dean, putting his hands in his robe pockets, and wearing a playful smile. “I’ll walk you out. I want to check the mailbox for clues.”
“Well, that’s good to hear,” Dean said, stepping over to the minibar to return his glass, “The mayor was worried you might be looking for an easy outrage piece to boost your viewership. What’s it called? Clickbait?”
After the fifteen minutes are over, Dean meets Cas outside of the clinic.
As they untangled themselves, Castiel answered his brother, “I think they must be. We haven’t run into them yet. Do you need help with anything, Gabriel?”
Cas got back into the car. Dean might be imagining it, but the air around them seemed lighter, more relaxed. “I have something that’ll make your trip much more pleasant,” Castiel said earnestly.
“I didn’t know you liked Ginsberg,” Cas says quietly.
“It’s not over yet. There’s still dinner. It’s not Christmas until someone’s nearly gone to jail. ”
He readies his pen and hits play on the recorder. “Mr. Novak, is there anyone you could think of that would want to harm you or your family?”
They went outside, “I’m a formidable opponent, Dean. This was only an intimate gathering. Like I told you last night, I have cousins in the double digits.”
and there’s not enough room for four people in this tiny kitchen.”
The brunet gives him a questioning look, and the blonde snaps: “Really? Do you think we would stoop to—“
come out here a lot.” He propped himself up on the tree log a little and looked up into Dean’s face with a beery half-smile. “Well, after my first full week housekeeping for the Chicken Ranch, you thought we should celebrate. This was the only place in town we could go to drink the six-pack you stole from Bobby.”
Dean turns to lie on his side, away from Cas. “Yeah.”
Dean rolled his eyes. It was true. He wasn’t sleeping with Lisa, he just went over to her house every once in a while for dinner and to toss a ball around with Ben.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, licking his lips.
Cas checks his watch. “We don’t really have time. Besides,” He looks over to Dean and (Dean thinks) he catches this—light in them as he says “We’re going to eat later aren’t we?”
tone, it hardly surprised the Angels when Cas conceded with a sigh, “Alright. Two months. I’ll do it.”
After the thing with the fireworks, things got pretty ugly. For one, Cas and Dean got into an actual fistfight with Bobby and Cas’s older brother Gabriel having to pull them apart. Dean had taken exception for Cas “roping Sam into it”. Sam reminded Dean later, while he was icing his black eye with a bag of frozen peas, that Dean had tried to get him to help with the fireworks only a few minutes before Cas’s pre-emptive strike.
Back when Castiel was just the groundskeeper, Dean Winchester had become a regular at the Ranch, asking usually for a pretty redhead Anna.
“Well, I have a manual so that’s a start. And now I have you. What else could I possibly need?”
can’t believe you had my character
“That asshole.” He considers the stack of meat in the cart and then texts to ask her, “Would you like to have dinner at our house soon?”
Dean grunted and snatched the Christmas list from his hand and Castiel went back to looking out the window, happy to be rid of it.
Lucifer met him with a concessive nod. “I’m sure.”
Crowley closed the door, and Dean’s stomach dropped. This didn’t look like it was going to be a drive-by visit. “Accommodating today, aren’t we, Squirrel?"
Yuck.
Missouri chimed in, “Castiel’s always been a good boy. And He takes care of his family out there. And the house. Never once have I driven by it and hadn’t thought that it was beautiful. He must be half your business, Rufus.”
shut everything down, right?”
Castiel felt dazed.
is rectified. Until then, I’ll have Detective Winchester assist you in any way you need it.”
Sam stopped, taking in the scene. He looked just as surprised as Jody.
“Yes, at the homecoming game--”
“Bitch. I mean it, though. Drive safe.”
And you know it’s bullshit.
Dean blushes, “Yeah, laugh it up, Criss Angel.”
Castiel bristled. “Would it have mattered? You were playing house with Lisa tonight. With
Cas whips his head to Dean questioningly before his features sag, “There was always the possibility you were an alien too, but I supposed I should have known better.” Castiel was slouching, wistfully looking at the sky now.
"I know. I want to though", Cas says as though he's asking for permission. As though Dean would seriously turn down the opportunity to have his plush lips wrapped around Dean's weeping erection.
Dean’s center-of-gravity changes suddenly. He feels Cas lifting him by the bottoms of his thighs and does what he can to hold on until he’s placed back on the bed with great care and a pillow under his head. Dean hears the tear of a condom wrapper and opens his eyes a little to watch Cas roll the condom on.
that I wasn’t extended the position, but I’m never going to hear the end of it.” He looked out over a dining room full of frantic shoppers and friends getting together one last time before the holidays. A little old man held up a cell phone and snapped a picture of him and his wife kissing in Santa hats. Seeing them, an overwhelming dread washed over Castiel. “I take that back, I might not hear about Sandover at all. There’s no way I’m going to find a plus one in time for Christmas with my family. That’s what I won’t hear the end of.”
“Nothing. Just a text message.”
“I know, Cas. I know.”
His eyes shone with admiration. In a thick voice, he croaked, “I-yes. Yes, I will.”
the Law. The folks at the Chicken Ranch have never been a danger to Gilbert. They see they are healthy, they follow every rule and they pay double taxes apart from their charity donations. They are upstanding citizens who are just asking to be allowed to work, same as anyone else.”
“Yeah, yeah!
Gulping around a mouth full of batter acid, Castiel croaks, “No. None of us have been contacted. I—I wasn’t under the impression he was allowed parole.”
As he was getting into his Lincoln, a knock at his window surprised him. He looked to his left to find his favorite Deputy Sheriff.
“No.”
Castiel quirked an eyebrow. “I didn’t know I could. I hadn’t heard from you since Christmas.”
Cas shifts a bit, embarrassed. “No.”
The hot chocolate was enough to keep him warm.
Dean thinks.
“Looks good.” Lily said with a nod. “You have a friendly eye for beauty, Castiel.”
“Thank you, Meg.”
“Yeah, well. You’re the first to find that odd,” Cas said. He sounded tired and a little sad. “But now that you’re here...you’re almost too attractive.”
He wondered about the coat Cas was practically swimming in and why he always wore a suit.
Cas throws the car in park and unhooks his seat belt and throws open his door. Dean gapes at Cas as he throws open the back door of the Lincoln and reaches in to grab him by the front of the shirt.
. I assure you I’m not out here to
, Michael!”
"Time to unwrap ya, Cas", he says, yanking on the cuffs of Cas's slacks, who huffs a laugh and unbuttons his pants. Dean stumbles backward, vaguely amazed that that little button could be so strong.
The one solace he found was that Jack, Claire and Keven were going to stop later to kick off the Christmas holiday. Claire had been especially excited in her own cool way. They called often enough to check on him. Jack had reminded him twice to wear socks to bed so he wouldn’t catch a cold.
“Aren’t I always?” Castiel said, putting his hand on Dean’s. Then he frowned, drawing Dean’s attention.
“Castiel, baby, I
Crowley stood his ground smuggly. At Dean’s elbow, Garth pleaded for him to cool down.
“Castiel?” Michael called from the kitchen. “You’re late.”
“Dean says Castiel kidnapped him and brought him here in fuzzy handcuffs,” Anna teased.
“Inept law enforcement officers and a bloated justice system?” asks Cas, blowing the flame off his marshmallow.
Both men left the other to his thoughts, and the car lapsed into a companionable silence.
Dean chuckled. “It sounds like a party’s happening in there.”
He found this new knowledge almost painfully obvious in retrospect.
Dean’s phone rings, the chorus for the YMCA breaking the silence between them. Dean fumbles for his phone muttering, “Shit. Sorry. It’s Benny,” and gets up to take the call outside in the alley, away from the noise of the bar.
“A pen name?”
Not much changed. Dean Winchester still dated. Castiel still took clients. They weren’t exclusive.
Cas sighs, hoping to find something he can use. But staring at all these handsome actors forces him to ask questions like: just how hairy
Charlie gave him a rusty smile. “Uh, yeah. I guess I am. You know where I could find a place to crash? Or a strong internet connection?”
“Meet me? Balthazar, I’ve seen your genitals.”
“I’m sure it will be.”
He turns in Cas’s arms and kisses him. Cas hums as he sinks into it, grateful and greedy, sending electric tingles up and down Dean’s sides. He leans into them wholeheartedly.
“Of course, Jack. You and Kevin are always welcome to—”
“But, I’m already spoken for,” Dean said matter-of-factly.
“Thank you.”
Dean slaps the table once, excited.
is a pillar of the community,” Sam clarified, giving Dean a firm look. Dean gave an agreeing sound around his burger and Sam continued, “The Chicken Ranch is a building, just a-a ‘piddly-squatting old-time country place’.
“You were so worried about your boy yesterday, you hardly said good-bye. He okay?”
Dean throws a coaster at his brother and reaches for his phone.
Dean knows. If he thinks too hard about it, he’ll admit to Cas that he wants things.
Charlie could see a sweet, Victorian-era home on the horizon surrounded by bright white fences, slender pines, and rose bushes. Things like a stately barn, a large chicken run, and a healthy-looking vegetable garden punctuated a carpet of lush grass. The whole twelve acres of land stood proudly in the light of the late Texas afternoon.
It gets quieter on his end like he’s stepped outside. “That’s not why I called. I mean, not the only reason. I called because I’m gonna ask Jess to marry me,” he announces in a joyful rush. “It’s a great time for it really, the lease on our apartment is coming up in a couple months and that money dad left, well, I have enough for a down payment on a house.”
Dean had a good idea of what to expect. They invented these rituals together. Made them intricate together. Each time, Cas would ask for Dean. Not with words, but with his interest- with his touch. Dean’s already given himself; this is the room he’s purchased. But Cas asks anyway. Dean turns to him each time and nods.
The intruders turn to look at him, battered but still smirking. One spits blood into the dirt.
“Fair enough. Hey, Sammy? Eileen’s got a good head on her shoulders. She’ll come around. Besides, you’ve been out of the game for years and, to be honest, Joshua ain’t exactly hoppin’ with cases. Ghost every now and again.”
As the Chicken Ranch shrunk in the distance, Claire sighed, stuffed and satiated. It had been a pleasant evening. Much more pleasant than a weepy Thanksgiving with Mom, Gramma, and the picture of the late James Novak they’d set on the table through dinner.
down at the hardware store.”
Helpless and desperate, he begged Meg, "Be my beard."
“God, I hope the Aggie’s don’t win,” Ruby said, wrinkling her nose as Max and Anael put up white streamers in the house.
Dean snorted. "Yeah, not happening. What? You couldn’t get a date the old-fashioned way?”
The primal rumble just inches from the nape of his neck makes Dean orgasm again onto the bedsheets. Dean's second release now accomplished, Cas gives himself permission to follow.
“Thank you kindly, Sir.” Nancy tips an invisible hat and then takes the container and coffee from him.
You really wanted in, didn’t you?” ”Bash like this? Of course, I did.” The party was in full swing. People in wild costumes bounced through the house laughing, drinking, and dancing. Dean scanned the room.
Lisa blinked. “I didn’t know you had a son, sheriff.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but it’s just for show. Nancy is a good girl. And if the other folks in her faith were even half as good, maybe he’d be able to buy into that whole “spirit in the sky” thing.
“Now Dean, don’t be mad,” Jack said placatingly.
. It was your first time seeing a shooting star, right? Hell of a first time, Cas.” He looked up at the sky as if he could still see the afterimage of those stars twenty years later.
Gut checking Crowley like that put him in a fine mood. He whistled around the office and felt on the verge of dancing a little jig. Marv would be here any minute with the numbers and then he could release an actual statement and get everyone off his back.
Dean chokes for a second, his eyes watering as he asks thickly, “Dude, have you even
Gabriel put down the spoon he was using for the hot chocolate with a firm clack.
“It’s very nice to finally meet you.” Hannah offers. Hester says nothing.
Claire didn’t ask what happened to Jack’s mother, the PI told her, and when he did the birthing classes made more sense.
“No, Dean Winchester, you won’t. There are only three things that you
They wear matching scowls.
“I’ll give you a couple hours today if you promise you’ll go to your summer school class tomorrow,” Dean says, holding the broom out to her. When she rolls her eyes and goes to argue, Dean puts his hand up to stop her. “Hey, don’t look at me. I don’t wanna get in trouble just because you want a little extra scratch to take your girlfriend to see some garage band in Victorville.”
Dean took off his hat, carrying it in his hand. This kid was a natural; handsome and with a smile sad enough to break the heart of a Hells Angel.
Be seein' ya!
It relieved Castiel to see that everyone’s eyes were dry, at least as they waited outside on the porch that last morning, and that there was an air of anticipation rather than one of mourning. Some Angels chatted, some quietly ruminating, and Charlie Bradbury glued herself to her phone.
a threat to Novak Corp. At any rate, this is a win for everyone.”
Cas looked puzzled. "No."
Sam ducked out of there in a hurry.
“Dean. Dean, look at me.”
Dean’s mouth went dry (or drier, it was hotter than a popcorn fart outside) and he was almost stunned by how powerfully safe and relieved he felt at those words. He managed a charming smile.
The plug pulsed rapidly and Dean held on to his pen for dear life. He was glad he had been listening to music just before Crowley knocked, the softly playing rock music would drown out any noise if the product didn't live up to its promise of being "Whisper Quiet".
“I’m fine,” Cas said with a nod.
Blinking through the fog of pheromones and hopes, Dean whispers in a creaking voice, “Hey.”
The next day, Bobby fixed the boys cars and left the bumper stickers where they were.
Castiel's eyes prickled in frustration. “I have nothing to offer these people. No partner, no grandchildren, I don't have a 'respectable' job or a degree. I’m going to have to listen to how boring and inept I am all weekend, trapped in a cottage in the middle of nowhere like...like that movie...God, what was it? I can’t remember.”
“That’s because Cas speaks wingnut and can get them to move on without much of a fuss. He’s also good about lying low,” Dean muttered, unable to help the bitter tint to his voice.
have a stick up my ass. I guess it
Marie looks off towards the stage wistfully. In a tone you’d expect from a melodramatic teenage writer/actress/director, she says: “
As soon as Castiel shut the door to his bedroom closed on the bedlam going on outside, Dean erupted. “God damn it, Cas! You told me you’d shut down! You looked me in the face and promised me.”
Sam catalogs the changes from the couch on Easter morning. He’s repainted the cinderblocks outside, restored the fireplace, planted some more cacti, repainted the garage (which led him, naturally, to repainting the house), and power-washed the sidewalks. Dean’s even vacuumed and
Dean wondered about Castiel from time to time.
“What else did you tell them?”
“That’s exactly what I think, Shortstack.”
If he threw a bottle of Kentucky Whisky into it, would he hear it hit bottom?
They traded amused chuckles before Cas nodded toward his house. “Alright, come inside and i’ll grab you one then.”
If it was possible, Cas looked even more shocked than Dean felt. Cas surged up suddenly, pulling him in for a kiss by the back of his neck. Dean met him hungrily.
“Damn it, Sam, until now never had
He turns to the table of contents, anyway.
He looks up but doesn’t quite meet Max’s gaze. He knew he was offering sincerely and purely for Dean’s benefit. Max made it a point to check in with him, so did Charlie. Besides being hard workers and wonderful neighbors, they were also good friends. As much as he balked at getting the “Dr. Phil” treatment, Dean knew it was good for him.
“If you hurt my brother, I’ll kill you and make it look like an embarrassing accident.”
Sam racks his brain to find some kind of lawyery follow up; say something,
But Cas already sees the car.
“Cas?” Dean called from the doorway, his face pinched in irritation. Cas winced. He’d have to make it up to Dean some other time. Maybe plan a date. Do something unhurried and uninterrupted.
“Mac and Cheese?”
His wallet was full again and, after the holiday, he could focus on the important things like buying food and microwaves and—he smelled his shirt, grimacing— bathing regularly.
Guess that explains why he’s got his fingers in so many pies.
She had paid him for his time, and everyone at the chicken ranch had thought it was hilarious. Especially Dean, who had laughed until he cried.
“Smell that Castiel? All that fresh air?” Hester says brightly, rolling down her window so that Dairy stench could waft through the cabin. The smell of hay and cow shit makes disgusts and invigorates him in equal measure. “Come on, admit it feels good to be home.”
named “Cas”, but that there even is someone to begin with. He’s a little embarrassed to admit to himself that he can’t imagine Dean in a relationship with
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“We figured we’d come see
After rehearsals, Cas locks up and gets into his Lincoln Continental. It’s Thursday, which means half-off burger night at the Roadhouse with Sam and Dean.
“Yes,” Castiel answers immediately, “Yes, Hester, I absolutely would think—“
Anytime. You’re always welcome to it, you know that.
Cas: Your view is much better.
After over fifteen years as a language teacher at an all girl’s school, Castiel has noticed the ways women compete amongst themselves. For example, Cas had listened as Marie lamented to Maeve that she had, for two semesters, trailed behind Kristen Douglas by less than five points in every subject. This semester, Marie has discovered a knack for Latin and is dominating Kristen in each assignment by one or two points.
“Well, maybe you should,” Dean said, his mouth dry.
“Yeah. I’m sure I could.”
Dean held up his duffle bag, his grin turning into a smirk.  “I live here.”
and the one before that!”
Cas shrugged and after a moment of staring at his bumper said, "don't bother. I sort of like it." He pulled a knife out of his back pocket and bent down behind the car about where Sam remembered Cas’s Pride Flag sticker being.
“Well! How hard could it have been to—“ snaps Hester.
Cas leans back, pushing back into a more upright position. He puts a hand firmly on Dean’s ass and gives his hair one last tug. Dean comes onto the sheets in a bitten gasp of pleasure. Cas loosens his grip on Dean’s hair, massaging the scalp as he comes with a groan.
“The lonesome cowboy looks out over the desert.”
"Cas, are you sure you're okay?"
I can talk to—”
When he looked up, Dean’s green eyes were swimming in silent laughter.
Dean tells himself, rolling his shoulders. Head wounds could be like that. There was a reason professional wrestlers bladed; a minor cut on your scalp could make any match look like an absolute blood bath.
The show had been a bit of a surprise if Charlie was being honest. According to one guest, an easygoing man named Lee who tended bar in town, the show was just a fun number Cas and the angels did to remind everybody that the Chicken Ranch was all just some good clean fun, nothing fancy or “high tone.” And even in a day and age where people had access to much more exotic fancies and kinks at the tips of their fingers, there was still a healthy crowd for a Thursday.
He smiled stiffly, “I’ll have a talk with him in the morning. I’m sure he’ll be by here at some point.”
The camera jumps back around to a pleased-looking Cas. “There. Now we have some privacy.”
Sam shrugs and takes the empty seat across from him. “Kinda hard to burn a frozen lasagna, isn’t it?” When Dean doesn’t seem convinced, Sam scoffs and says, “No, I didn’t burn it.”
A lyrical female voice cuts the argument about the literary merit of the New Testament short.
And that always helps.
“Fair enough,” Gabriel said with a wriggle of his eyebrows. “Something tells me if you’re having any fun, everyone else must all still be asleep.” Dean snorted.
The guy burned holes in you with all that staring. He made Dean want to be a reprobate again. Castiel inspired after-school fantasies involving desks and rulers and- Jesus, now was
So Dean closes himself in his office and picks up the receiver with an untamed grin.
Ellen looks at Dean a moment longer before she thumbs over at Sam and his sandwich. “Who’s the new kid?”
If he wasn’t born with it, it had probably been there so long that he figured it was just who he was. It was there when Dad died. It was there when Sammy left. Falling in love with Cas made it wider.
Dean watched the Novak house for a second more before giving Sam a wink and heading towards Bobby’s front door with a spring in his step.
Crowley ignored him. ”Aren’t you afraid of white collar crime in the State of Texas?”
“Hey! No phones on the floor!” she jokes, leaning the broom behind the counter next to Max. “What were you looking at, anyway? More Pinterest mommy pages?” She shakes her head, “You don’t even have kids! At least get a dog or something.”
While Sam was eating a sandwich on a turned-over crate next to the counter, a beautiful older woman with shoulder-length dark hair comes in looking for “the old grump.” Charlie smiles and nods over to the liquor section, where Dean is writing an order.
Dean was moping. Ever since their dad died, he had taken to tuning up and detailing the Impala whenever he was upset.
He played with the tie of his robe. “He’s never said as much.”
Claire Novak had been one of those runaway kids on a road to nowhere. Dean hadn’t known she was related to Cas until about a month after he had her settled in over at Jody’s. Cas was less than thrilled to learn that his only niece had run away from home. Dean had to spend an entire night calming him down and begging him off of calling her parents.
Castiel sputtered, “Dean, I’m sorry. You know that I-”
Cas looked at him, bemused. “I mean, that would make the most sense to me. Why?”
The gift-giving event got sweeter after that, he thought.
Yuck.
can stay but all these people have to go unless everyone’s got paperwork on file on my desk.”
“Hey, Cas.”
When they’re all seated, Cas turns to Dean and asks innocently, “Dean, would you say grace, please?”
"Floor. Back left." Cas leans off the bed to grab Dean's jeans and pulls out the small gift box with the Clacker Butt plug in it. Gingerly, he lays the toy on the bed and gets on his knees, leaning forward and on one fist like some gay superhero dropping out of the sky. He watches hungrily as Cas massages and stretches his hole for the plug. "God damn beautiful." Cas huffs a laugh.
A quick glance at the steam floating off the top of the water tells Dean that the hot tub is, indeed, fixed. Just to be thorough, he flips the timer dial on the post next to it to make sure the jets come on. They do in a whoosh and sizzle of bubbles, and the eddying water lifts the steam up to Dean’s aching body.
The Angels winced.
Still, Dean disguises his pout by scratching at some invisible gunk on the table.
Dean watched Castiel’s hands. His dad always said that you could tell what a man did for a living by watching the way his hands moved. Dean knew his own moved quickly, staying slightly curved in case he needed a fist. His hands were weapons. Cas’s hands moved gracefully over the utensils on the table. You could almost see ink spill from the tips like a pen over paper when they moved along the table cloth. Dean wasn’t very poetic, but the point was that Cas had good hands.
“Yeah. He’s fine.”
Asses on car hoods, notwithstanding.
When he passes the bar, Jo tosses Cas a questioning look and mouths, “work?” Numb, Cas nods and Jo tosses her head back dramatically.
When he put it
. The people in town asked him how Cas was doing all the time. Dean’d have to put on a carefree smile and pivot to make Cas happy, but you could cover it up just about as well as you could put toothpaste back in the tube.
“How’d you figure?”
And, judging by the set of Dean’s jaw, he should plan it soon.
Charlie watched as a Blonde woman in a leather jacket got out of the car, and came around the passengers’s side, leaning cooly against it.
The speed picks up, the consistency tapers.
Dean can imagine it. He can imagine Cas sneaking out in the middle of night to climb up into the hayloft of the barn.
“No one here. You wanna talk about it?”
They make good neighbors, and most businesses at the truck stop are happy to make use of young, eager hands. Unsurprisingly, theft from the businesses went down, too. Not that Dean was ever one to report a missing loaf of bread. He remembers those days.
“Haven’t seen any, but lookin at you, I could believe in angels.”
“Gambling, really?” Castiel asked. He was starting to think the Chicken Ranch was a bad influence.
Cas tilts his head toward her conspiratorially. With a small smile and a low voice he says, “Yes. You beat Kristen Douglas by one point. Excellent work.”
After a pleasant walk down the block. They sat down at the counter of the diner and ordered cheeseburgers, fries, and shakes. They tasted nothing like a Harrington Baconator and Castiel found his disappointment oddly comforting.
He shoots Dean a message.
Principal Castiel Novak was auditing Dean Winchester's 3rd period English class.
Cas swallows hard. Like this is the first time. Like it's new. "Yes", he lets out another needy gasp when Dean grinds down again.
“Cas.”
A dozen new stations parked their vans haphazardly in front of the courthouse, and half the town had left their usual posts to watch the bizarre spectacle. There were cameras and phones everywhere you looked.
“What? You like him, shouldn’t you wanna know more about him?”
Now that they were 18, both boys had managed to needle Bobby into giving them work; Dean in the garage doing oil changes and Cas Sorting and cataloging Bobby’s extensive collection of monster mythos onto the computer.
Dean pulls his chair in next to Cas until they’re touching kneecaps. He looks over at Cas with a nod of his head and a roguish smile.
to say he looked lonely. Two was a coincidence, three is a pattern. Dean tries not to think about the sting building in his nose or the matching one in his chest. He isn’t sure if it helps or hurts more that they remind him what the feeling is called, all he knows for sure is that it’s a lot harder to deal with sober.
“Yes, Ruby.”
Castiel scoops some up with his spoon and eyes it suspiciously. He sniffs it (has to. You never know with his sisters.), but it smells only faintly of something he can’t place. His heart speeds up, evidently placing the smell even before his brain can.
Sam grimaces, a cold sweat breaking out over his forehead. “Uh. I think I’ll pass, then. I still have nightmares about his meatloaf.”
And he was. Where a life on the road had taught Sam to appreciate minimalism, Dean had become someone who liked his knick-knacks and mementos. He didn’t mindlessly consume things either; he had preferences.
Dean relaxed. "So, you didn't do this."
One Saturday, Sam was putting away sheets for Bobby up in his room when he heard running water coming from outside. Curious, Sam went to the window to check it out. Cas was in the Novak garden, watering the plants.
“GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!” Gabriel shouted into the otherwise quiet cabin. “I hate coming out here, I'm freezing my balls off in all this snow.” He looked down and grinned. “Well hey Cassie, whatcha got there? The old ball and chain?”
When mass ends, Castiel steps out of the church to loiter around out front, waiting to say goodbye to his kin.
The wind blows, stirring up all of those sounds into a single roaring howl, and Dean pulls his coat a little closer to his neck.
really
“Dean, I think all Lanville county heard that.”
“I-I’ve never…”
Dean shifts and Cas flinches like a wild animal about to take off. He comes forward, and for a dizzying second Dean thinks he’s going to make good on his threat to leave. Instead, he takes Dean by the lapels of his jacket and kisses him into the side of the building.
There isn’t any mail in their box. Cas suspects that Claire and Jack have teamed up to make sure he’s never there first. Cas says as much to Dean, who chuckles and shakes his head.
“Yeah, Cas. Together.”
Sam shakes his head. “Night, Meg.”
Did you know Gabriel owns his own adult film studio???
They didn't speak in the elevator but Cas got out first with the goofiest wink Dean had ever seen. Dean rolled his eyes and could, irritatingly enough, feel blush dust the very tops of his cheeks.
“Nah. Don’t sweat it, Cas.”
Dean coughed slightly and drew his hands away, “No, it was okay. Thanks.”
In the dark, it feels like Cas had eight arms, like he was one of those bible angels. Cas pins Dean into place, gripping him like some great being and they rut against each other until they’re panting and spent.
"H-Hey! watch it! The hell do you think you're doing?!"
Michael groans when he realizes Gabriel rode with him.
Suddenly there’s nothing Sam wants more in all of creation than to see his brother happily settled in a relationship.
already dead,” he huffs. Lisa laughs, sending angry sparks shooting just behind Cas’s eyelids. He does his best not to wince.
She wondered vaguely if Cas was also fond of puns.
? It’s not like you want to work a desk job anyway.”
Anytime they remarked pointedly about the stars in Castiel’s eyes when he would catch sight of Dean in town, Castiel could laugh it off.
. I don’t think they’ve ever seen you this dejected before.”
Castiel was quite good at poker. Well, not actually. Castiel had terrible luck. But he had a good poker face, and being unable to read made it easy to steal some matchsticks at least.
“What do you mean? A ‘No call, no show’’s weird for a teacher, isn’t it?” Dean asked, his eyebrows knitting together.
“I thought I’d find you here, Feathers.”
Sheriff Jody Mills stands with her pistol. “Alright, you jackass better drop those weapons and put your hands where I can see them.”
Castiel didn’t disappear like the others, and Charlie figured as the owner he didn’t need to take his own customers anymore. Instead, he worked the room chatting with regulars and welcoming first-time guests. During a lull in activity, he joined Charlie in her corner and leaned over her to glance at the computer. The scent of clean wash was replaced by the faint smell of warm flowery perfume.
Dean stepped in, hoping to rescue Cas.
“Hey, guys, someone’s here.” Max called from the window.
Dean probably would have laughed, if he was being honest. When he noticed Cas nervously following him to the bathroom, he thought he was about to be in for a much different encounter. He had even taken his time washing his hands,
All at once, his heart feels full. It reminds him of the way his pockets used to bulge with snacks and gum and an ungodly wad of small bills whenever Dean came back from wherever it was he’d disappear to. He finds himself singing along with Dean as his classic rock station switches tracks and blares John Cougar Mellencamp.
They exchange information and Sam feels his pocket go off as Charlie turns back to her book.
Sam whimpered in an effort not to giggle and wiped away tears. “Yeah, I don’t know how you didn’t see that coming.”  Dean knocked back his tequila shot aggressively. “You know, you don’t have to play a goalie,” Sam commented casually, sipping on his Mai Tai. “You can take a more offensive position.” A particularly loud guffaw sounded from the middle of the newly formed Cas Fanclub. “You’re a terrible goalie. I can’t even see Cas anymore in that mess of muscle and tanning oil.“  Dean saw that he was right and stood slowly and deliberately. "Go show ‘em who’s boss, Dean.”
is wonderful.”
He dropped his voice down to where it could barely be heard over the noise of reporters fleeing back to their cars, his European accent coming out in purring rumble, “You know, maybe I’ll pay our favorite whore a visit on my way out? I haven’t had the pleasure of introducing myself.”
way in
Cas hears the scrape of work boots on pavement as Dean drops down next to him. “I was in the neighborhood. Look, I’m gonna need you to stay still until the paramedics can check you out. You’ve probably got a concussion and you’re bleeding like a 90s Cage match.” Dean mutters, “What the hell happened, man?”
Dean flashes a charming smile, “That a new apron? Looks nice.”
So six years later, almost to the day, Dean stocks his store and tells Max about a tapeworm infomercial he and Cas had listened to.
Meg nodded, rubbing larger circles into Cas’s back. “It would buy us some time. If the football players posted anything about the party and Crowley got wind of it, he’d show up and we’d be closed just like the Sheriff asked.”
reliable source has informed Castiel that he and the English teacher, Lily Sunder, are the real “ones-to-watch” this year.
Dean cleared his throat.
Cas wakes up from the nightmare and is comforted by Dean.
“Ah! Which reminds me.” Sam runs back in the house and comes back out with a copy of the book.
Dean looks away.
“Hey.”
“Dean, I’m 16.”
“I hear you loud and clear.” Dean didn’t doubt that that compact body hid some kind of deadly skill.
His secretary came in and he could barely contain his excitement. “Did Marv stop by with the numbers?”
Castiel gave them all a reassuring smile. “I think we can handle it. Besides,” he said, turning to Charlie who was the Chicken Ranch’s technological attaché, "Isn't it true these outrage things die down, eventually?”
Dean gave him the highlights.
“You weren’t joking about the football thing were you?” Castiel shook his head.
He remembered her asking something like, “Arent you going to take me to your room, Cas?” There had been an odd tightness in his chest, like she had him caught in a tractor beam.
“Well, yeah.” Dean shrugs a shoulder and opens the car door. “You’d know what was going on at least.”
on this Dean, he would take his money elsewhere next year. Not that anyone cares, but we
“That’s all I’m asking.” Dean swats Cas where his ass should be under all that coat and says, “Go get some sleep.”
“I said, ‘you two are sweeter than even
Cas imagines the comfort he would write for himself.
Sorry to bother you at home, but I wanted to warn you.
Dean stepped over to the minibar to return his glass.
TW: Graphic Dream Violence and Cas has some anxiety
He knew there was, of course. He liked to go there and get his asshole tickled with a feather.
Cas flops his head back on the headrest of the couch. “She didn’t need to. After they left, Crowley came down to
Dean’s skin prickles a little around the tattoo on his chest.
It was kind of hot.
They go to the old detached garage where the Impala sits, covered. Sam didn’t think he’d see the day when Dean would voluntarily drive anything else and lets him know as much as he helps him with the dust cover.
Cas nodded knowingly. “Tell Eileen I said hello.”
Dean tries to fight him off and can't help the giggle that bursts out of him. Cas's huffing a laugh too as they smack each other, half wrestling in the back seat. Finally, though, Cas has him and tosses him out of the Lincoln and into the field. He gets back in the driver's seat and locks the door.
Cas was sitting now at his vanity table. Or, Charlie supposed, Ms. Sunder’s vanity table since everything in the room had belonged to her originally. Cas had never bothered to change much in it besides the bedclothes.
It’s been a while since Castiel’s been inside Dean’s room but he supposes it’s the same as it ever was with minor, matured changes. The old horror movie posters that used to be tacked onto the wall have frames now. Gone are the playboy pinups Dean inherited from John; carefully curated photos of family and friends replace those. Two good-sized book shelves have now replaced the stacks of milk crates that used to hold Dean’s library.
“I don’t know, Lily.” Jody said with a teasing wink over the top of her hand of Gin. “That Winchester boy’s been poking around here a lot more than usual. Only a matter of time before he infects Cas.”
Dean looks away as Cas turns to the dedication:
When Cas finds a rest stop, Garth signs off. Dean doesn’t linger long after, even though he wants to. When he hangs up the receiver, he looks back at the map and takes puts another blue pin in Lebanon.
Dean looked down into his face and with a wink said, “Does a bear shit in the woods?”
So much for that.
Charlie looks skyward. “It’s a family dinner, not a cozy booth in an Italian restaurant.”
The nurse gives him a flat, unconvinced look as she gives him the old poke. “Mmhm. Well, I want you to wait fifteen minutes, but then you’re free to go. Enjoy your ‘Pie festival’, Mr. Winchester.”
Cas turned back to the computer, “Suzie’s nice, she’d make a wonderful girlfriend.”
Castiel frowns. “Isn’t ‘Demon’ the epitome of scary for most people?”
But it still isn’t the same.
“Go save him.”
Cas finds his empty beer bottle
“How long has it been ‘complicated’ for?”
.” Sam’s shadowy figure gave a shrug.
? Can’t say that I’m surprised Cassie’s the one to find me out,” He laughs. Throwing his mother a teasing wink asks, “It’s always the quiet ones, right, Mom?”
No bars.
Sam practically vibrated in anticipation. Anything he wanted to know about his private, uncommunicative,
“Now,” Cas said, sounding satisfied, “If you give me a second, I'll pull off and feed you this pie. I’d do it now, but we seem to have an audience.”
Cas takes out his wallet thoughtfully and does just that.
“Won’t take much,” Max said. “We’re all probably lightweights now.”
The video quality isn’t the best, but Dean thinks he can make out an amused smile. “I have an apartment now Dean, I don’t have to masturbate outside if I don’t want to.”
They make out in darkness, soaking in armfuls of each other and letting their arousal ebb and flow. The little house is full of gasps of pleasure, flushed skin, and beads of sweat.
Dean scoffs, “Don’t thank me just yet. They’re not
“Yes.”
Castiel blanched and reached for the phone.
Lucifer smirked. “Good luck in the re-election, Sheriff” and took his leave.
Castiel tucked his hands into his trench coat pockets, “Claire’s offered me a job at Novak Corp. I’m going to head the Human Resources and Public Relations Departments from their office in Austin.”
“If he
Castiel sighed. He knew that. It was nice to hear it, though. “It’s okay. We both said things I’m sure we regret saying.”
He made a vague noise of agreement.. He was sure there were some agreeable things about matrimony. He had always thought diamond rings were pretty, for starters. And even though he wasn’t the marrying kind, Castiel secretly felt that Dean Winchester
Dean stares at this month’s book,
in the bag.”
Castiel’s lips twitched up into a smile. “My Boyfriend’s a Bartender.” He looked around with a slight scowl. “He’s late--” He noticed Dean and erupted in surprised laughter. The sound rang out like the chorus of a thousand doorbells. Dean’s smile rivaled the Jack-o-lanterns.  “—And dressed as ‘the great pumpkin’ apparently.”
She was car sick just thinking about it.
Dean nods, standing. “Claire wanted to come to the station, but she’s safe at Jody and Donna’s so I told her to just come to the house tomorrow.”
“So then sell the damn house!” Dean cried, stepping forward. “You don’t have to leave you can—”
“Oh! I didn’t mean to scare you,” she said giggling. “Meg told me she wanted to see you in the parlor.” She waved shyly at Dean. “Hello, Dean.”
Fifteen minutes to closing, Dean sends Charlie home.
"Make'em shut up wouldn't it."
Until Dean had mentioned him, Sam had forgotten about Uncle Bobby. While they waited for him, Dean tried to jog his memory. The most Sam could conjure to mind was a man that looked a lot like Santa Claus and had a pleasant rumbling voice.
Castiel looked at him, confused.
Castiel started his shift at Crowley’s Diner frazzled and on edge. He didn’t technically work at the diner, just helped when they were short-staffed and needed someone to cover. Meg, the diner's manager and his closest friend, would give him a few shifts when he was between gigs. She had called him the day before and begged him to come in for a few hours around lunchtime. He didn’t need the money, but he figured that Meg didn’t need the stress of trying to cover a whole diner on her own two days before Christmas.
He’s tried to describe the fading wisps of his mother, Mary, and the fear that the last remaining image of her would be a single glance he got of her set ablaze.
It wouldn’t win in a Parade of Homes, but it’s his.
away, if she decided she wanted them at all. Waiting was the right thing to do, and it was
“Really?” Cas tilts his head, bemused. The series has been over for years and not once had Dean recommended them to him. It was part of the reason Cas never bothered.
Claire and Jesse retch, Kaia coos, and Abner and Gadreel make obnoxious kissing noises. Some others, hanging around for marshmallows, chuckle too. Dean’s glad no one can tell how badly he’s blushing in the firelight.  He looks away to focus on hiding a pleased smile.
Cas doesn’t reply, but the small lift at the corner of his mouth as his eyes drift close is as good as a laugh. His hand grips the lip of the hot tub beside Dean, knuckles brushing against the denim of his jeans.
She shakes her head. “Not yet. Your radio’s been making that blip noise, by the way.”
?” Dean felt his blood simmer at the thought. Cas loved those guys like they were his family. Dean wouldn’t have anyone saying—
“Have fun on your walk, Castiel?”
So harmless in fact that if you hadn’t had some dealing with it, people would find you highly suspicious or worse—annoying. Never wanting to appear anything less than affable, Lucifer, like many other Texas legislators, had spent his fair share of time at the Chicken Ranch.
Dean winces sympathetically. From the front of the store, you can see Lee’s bar, Swayzee’s, peeking out from behind the Roadhouse Motel. It’s not a long way to jog, but for guys like Lee who "left the life" early, it might as well be a mile uphill.
Kevin shrugged. “To be honest, I’m still waiting to meet a grown-up. Jack’s going to have his Ph.D. soon, but he’s basically an overgrown toddler. And Dean might go off and be a senator or governor or something, but that’s not gonna stop him from flipping to cartoons on Saturday morning.”
Dean scoffs, but the tops of his cheeks color.
There wasn’t. Not really. Not anyone Sam knew. John was...well, private was the polite way to say it. He didn’t let many other people close to him or to his sons.
As they started playing, it was clear that they were both well matched. Or would be if Castiel didn’t keep falling on his butt. He hadn’t brought his good pair and the ones he had left behind, with his name written on the tongue in sharpie, were much too small. Also, ice skating was nothing like riding a bicycle.  The body forgets.
It felt odd to Castiel to lock the front door behind him. In the twenty years, he had lived at the Chicken Ranch, he couldn’t remember seeing it done either. The lock slid into place easily, as if it were brand new.
He brings the aroma in deep and exhales fully, body bonelessly relaxed.
“Why am I asking you? You can’t drive either.”
Castiel looked off into the past, every heart-stopping moment, allowing himself to hear the devotion in Dean’s voice. Letting the tips of the memories tickle his heart before slamming them back. “You’d be surprised.”
“Amen, Brother.”
Castiel smiled. Things were dark but leave it to Garth to put a smiley face sticker on a shit sandwich.
The Clerk told Cas to wait a minute, and the footsteps receded. Dean had always wished he could find someone who’s idea of a romantic weekend was a cabin in the mountains and light bondage and snorted at the irony.
But Dean surprised him by grinning wide and declaring, “Bingo!”
He blushed, “I forgot to toss these.”
“I’m not stupid, Dean.”
“An empty bag of bud?” Claire snarks, pulling the char off Kaia’s marshmallow.
Claire had disappeared.
God. A
Dean ducked his head in to see what the commotion was about and seemed completely lost when the Novak sisters burst into giggles.  He looked to Gabriel who pointed up.
Dean backs up to let him see what he was doing and glimpses his cactus.
Garth became the Sheriff, and not much else in Gilbert, or Lanville county for that matter, had changed.
He should be happy with what it is he
Dean shook his head. “I’m not the type to give interviews.”
(cw violence)
Sam laughs, and while Dean could tell by the drag of his jaw that the kid is lit, warmth still shoots through Dean like a salt round and spreads like the first sips of coffee in the morning. “Super-duper good. Hold on, let me just-”
“I usually have to share with my brother, Gabriel,” Castiel said, moving to set down his duffle bag. “He’ll be here tomorrow.”
“God damn. You’re beautiful.” He gasps.
It had been almost two months since Sam had met Cas, but he hadn’t come back to Joshua. Despite Dean’s assurances that it isn’t the longest they’ve gone without seeing each other, Sam’s still a little worried he might be the reason Cas is keeping his distance.
“Everything okay?”
about it.” She frowns, looking vaguely annoyed, and adds, “You know how he gets about his writing.”
“Calm down, I’m sure it’s not that bad—OKAY! Okay, just send me the damn link. Go eat some Tums or something I’ll handle this.”
Cas could remember one particularly explosive Saturday dinner after the eighth book had come out. It was the angriest he had ever seen his mother; she shattered a wineglass in her hand and sent everyone out of the room.
No thanks.
She looked over her glasses at his face and he smiled helpfully. After a moment more, she sighed and rifled through her paperwork.
Cas looked back out over the lake. “I didn’t know your dreams were still that big. The people really do like you though.” Cas offered him a small smile.
Dean recognized them immediately.
… I wonder if he’s a junkless angel; I’m sure he’d hate it.” He smiled sadly. “You know. Sometimes I imagine I’m talking to him when I look in the mirror?”
“No, No, No. I can’t be seen with him! They’ve got clips of him cussing up a storm right in front of his own courthouse.”
“No.”
Dean double checked the manual in front of him and then tapped two keys on the bunker’s antique piano, frowning.
“IF I HAD LOST THE SENATORS
Putting down his fork, Cas sighs and says frankly, “She’s suggested something a little more
Dean Grunts.
Accidents don’t just happen accidentally.
“Sounds like you convinced him to leave peacefully, Dean, I’m proud of you,” Cas said, putting his head on Dean’s shoulder.
"Just-" Dean scrambled for something to offer them so he could make a timely exit. The plug picked that moment to shift to a more urgent pace, he blurted "Ma-ake them pink! I don't know! I gotta piss like a racehorse!"
Castiel must have looked like he had swallowed a lemon because his brother added, “They aren’t in there. They’re talking about business in the office.”
Dean hardly has to motion for Max to toss him the bat they kept behind the counter. He hasn’t had to use it in years but, like any good soldier would, he knows the heft of it. Knows where to put it to hurt. Where to put it to kill.
“Yep.” Charlie chirped. “It’s ready to go. Click of a button.”
decided—” Claire continues to say, stepping out in front of the group, closer to the truckers, closer to danger, “—To chase Jesse all the way from the diner—” she wipes at her brow still slowly advancing on the truckers, bleeding. The skin around her eye is swelling, “—and beat some kids over,
Thank God.
They pulled to a stop suddenly and Dean jerked toward the dash, saved only by the safety belt and the tie. He cursed as Cas cut the motor. “Yes, well, my father thinks he’s God,” he said with a sigh. “And so named all of his sons after angels. I’ve stopped at the gas station, do you want anything?”
When he had polished off the Mongolian Beef, his phone rang out from the bedroom, cutting through the frigid air of the apartment. He padded over to it and groaned.
Lee smirks as he towels off his hands. “Cas finally meeting your family? That’s a big step for you guys, isn’t it?”
“No!” Dean snaps, horrified. He stops them from entering the store. “Look, He--he likes his job, works for a good company. Retirement, dental, the works.”
Cas takes advantage of the transition to sit up and slick his fingers again, this time to stretch Dean.
Anytime. You’re always welcome to it, you know that.
There was a soft knock on the door, and the kids skirted into the room.
“You betcha. Tell Cas I say ‘hey’.”
“What’s up?” She asked Alex, who was keeping lookout along the periphery.
“How long have you two been together?”
Castiel corralled him to the dining room, anyway. “Well, I am. Come sit with me, please. Tell me what made you so upset you had to nearly shake the house down driving back into town last night.”
. Someone you can make dinner and clean a drawer out for.”
Crowley smirked triumphantly and leaned closer to Dean, “I’ve seen pictures. Those lips? Might be the best sex I ever pay for. “
Henriksen gestures to the seat next to Cas. “Detective Winchester, thanks for joining us. Why don’t you come in here and have a seat?”
Only then did Meg move.
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think Crowley was coming on to him. It was almost as if he were trying to impress him with how much of a dick he could be. Dean clenched his jaw and tried to tamp down on the irritation that percolated through him.
seeing it. Cas was much quieter now and, besides a steadying glance at Dean every so often, he seemed lost in his own thoughts.
While he’s distracted, Castiel mentions lowly, with a small, conspiratorial smile to his mother: “I seem to have stumbled on how Gabriel makes his living.”
Cas unkinked the hose and sprayed at Dean, making him jump back. He didn’t jump far enough though, Cas got him with the hose anyway. Dean, soaked, grabbed it from him. Without looking away from Cas, he tossed it off to the side. Cas stepped forward, pulling Dean in for a kiss by the base of his neck.
There was a knock at the door. Lucifer’s poll analyst, Marv, skirted in waving the poll numbers excitedly. He sprung out of his chair, snatching the paper as he came close and looked at the numbers.
He sat down with a heavy, pleased sigh and booted up his computer. A couple of hours passed without particular note and Dean started to wonder if this was such a good idea. He knew Cas was busier than usual. Maybe he should have waited for--
“-or run away. Have a minor accident. I can't visit my family if I'm traction.”
After being grilled alive by Lisa at dinner, Dean went home and poured himself two fingers of the strongest alcohol he owned. He snorted, remembering what Meg had said the other day about Lisa wanting to marry him. The only hooks she was interested in were the ones Dean had kept trying to catch Cas with.
“Six years?! I mean—You must really like him if you let something stay ‘complicated’ for
“I’m not sure,” Cas answers. “Whoever it was came up from behind. I incapacitated one, but I guess there was another.”
The sun is sinking into the horizon, casting purple shadows over the town and setting the sky on fire through a hazy curtain of dust. Dean gets into his sandblasted pick-up and heads home.
talking about legal turns of phrase and the particulars of consumer advocacy.
At least not yet.
“You bet, sheriff.” Harrington fired back.
“Suzie!” called Lisa Braeden, just to Dean’s left. He ducked behind a heavy set reporter so she wouldn’t see him.
Well, second favorite. Even before he and Cas had made things official between them, they had maintained a habit of going to these parties, getting comfortably drunk and fucking.
Castiel’s eyebrows shot up.
Good luck writing today. Tell your folks I say hi.
“No dice, Cas! I was a mechanic for years. I’ve never dropped a wrench and I’m sure as hell not gonna fumble this phone.”
Miracle gets up to greet Sam, hoping to bunk with him since his side of Dean’s bed is occupied.
Cas snorts.
Dean pointed his finger at him, “You were the one that said that didn’t count!”
Castiel patted Dean’s arm, an unconscious signal to let him know that their game would have to be picked up later. Dean nodded and let go of the phone.
Kaia takes the bag of marshmallows from Claire before she can make herself sick by stuffing her face. Claire rolls her eyes but lets her take them away without argument. Dean points at her. “That goes double for you, Darla Dimple.”
When they arrived, the Senator came up the steps and stepped through the threshold first. The Aggies crowded in around him, conjoling and enjoying the general celebratory decor. They were in a top form that night.
“Castiel,” Michael says over his glass of wine, “Mother mentioned you’re supervising the girls’ theater production.”
He was doing
“Really?”
The ambulance siren beeps once to let Dean know it’s already there.
“I can just Google the ending,” Cas says reasonably.
What he sees shocks and horrifies him so much so he has to share.
Cas ended the call and put his heating face into his hands. Carefully,
Castiel cleared his throat. “Well, that was the sheriff.”
Dean smiles softly as he examines Ellen’s list. “Well, thanks for giving him the room. He’d freeze to death out in that warehouse. I mean,
, to protect this two-bit, flea infested bordello.”
“Quit being a prude, Cassie,” Anna admonished.
“What is it?” He asks.
Dean grimaces. “I almost feel bad for them. They might have got off easier if it was Garth. Bess’ll carve them a new one.”
He almost put the gun back but the man chose that moment to get up and head towards the bathrooms. Panic crashed into Castiel at the sight of the man's retreating form and he followed with the gun in his hand. Seconds waiting outside the bathrooms at the back of the diner felt like years but after a small eternity, the man came out.
Dean told him that Bobby and their dad were always on rocky footing, mostly because Bobby thought that Dean and Sam deserved a normal life. After the fire, John had enlisted Bobby’s help in watching the young Winchesters until John had determined Dean was old enough to watch Sam on his own.
“Way ahead of you, Sam!” Ruby shouted from the other room. She waved to Eileen, who gave her a smile.
Dean almost says “No” neither wanting to intrude on the fun of younger people nor wanting to share what little time he had with the man standing next to him, but Cas looks at him expectantly. So he says instead, “Lemme grab some snacks and we’ll be there.”
Castiel’s father was pretty much how Dean had imagined he would be -- short, bearded, and all the smugness of God. He stood to full height and held out his hand to shake.
you could go talk to Cas. I think he’d listen if
of a problem with the Chicken Ranch as I’ve had with the hunters that bounce around at Ellen’s or Lee’s. Hell, the old mule of Rufus’s that keeps getting out and parking it on Missouri's car gives me more of a headache.”
“Yes.”
“O-oh right, so get this: Charlie upgrading the town’s tech may be a blessing or a curse depending on how you look at it.”
“We only hung them up because Dean’s here, obviously Castiel,” Hannah gave a satisfied nod. “Just something to make the rest of us jolly.”
Cas nods, lifting an enormous weight from Naomi’s shoulders.
(cw funerals)
He hurries up to his room and gets changed for bed but finds when he’s finally laying down, that he isn’t tired. He closes his eyes and replays his time down in the parlor basement, swearing he can feel the reverberation of his climax rattling through his body.
A voice from behind him spoke quietly, “'Angel'?”
There had been a moment that day when they were loading the last tree into the truck Dean borrowed from Bobby, where Cas thought he noticed Dean looking at him. Not just at him, but in his eyes, at his mouth.
“Glad you think it’s funny,” Cas says putting in his earphones and laying down on his bed. The headboard looks handmade and solid.
Heartache seared Castiel’s body. Dean was
She put her finger to her lips, opened the dressing room door and pushed him in. When his eyes adjusted to the bright lights, he took a quick look around. He knew where he was. This used to be the station’s wardrobe room. Dean recognized the shape of the room from the last time he had been out to the station for a public service announcement, and Jo had roped him into carrying some props for her.
“Dean, you know how people are. You can set up speed traps and sobriety checkpoints right outside Lee’s bar. You can let a kid off the hook for spray painting a dick on the courthouse. You can even let Cas run his place. People don’t care as long as they don’t have to hear about it. Then suddenly everyone has an opinion.”
ideal," he agreed finally. "I’m
“That’s what you said
Castiel swatted him. “I hated living with my Uncle. He was one of those slimy business types like Crowley. Only
He had been cool.
Dean sighed, pushing closer to the front. He hoped to disappoint Suzie with how well he peacefully defused the situation. Cas was right, the last thing he needed to do was lose his temper.
From the back door of the store, Dean can see the roar of the oil drum fires and the shadows of people dancing on the walls of the warehouse and over discarded casino signs. Poorly played folk music comes out over the speakers of an old 80s style boombox. It’s loud enough to be carried about a block, but not loud enough that Jody Mills would get called down to tell them to keep it quiet. The warehouse kids know where the line is.
?” She prompts when no one speaks. “You mean to tell me we’re having pie for breakfast this morning because Sam’s going to work for
Someone in the crowd, probably Suzie, shouted, “Get him, Sheriff!”
Dean’s voice was low and placating. “Maybe it won’t be two months. Maybe they’ll move on soon. The holidays are coming up. I’m sure Crowley will get the scent of some pervy mall Santa or something.”
Sam racked his brain for a way to talk about Dean’s “Man Pain” without letting him know he watched him get rejected in real-time. “Cas seems like the kind of dude that doesn’t really go to things like that in the first place. Like you have to really give him a good reason.”
Castiel’s cousin Balthazar crowded into the kitchen behind Dean and Castiel. “Was that laughter I heard just now? From this family? What’s so funny? Did Grandma die?” He stopped when he noticed Dean, his smile widening.
He came around to the driver’s side and a shock of dark, wind-fucked hair and sky-blue eyes, Castiel Novak, leaned out the open window and called down to him in a deep, rumbling shout, “Are you in need of assistance?”
Donna, who got life advice from Snapple lids.
Cas stands and helps Dean to his feet. His hands are wet and smell like chlorine. “Let’s go call Jo and tell her the hot tub’s fixed.”
"Huh?"
“Alright, mom,” Jesse chirps, throwing one of the bamboo skewers Dean had brought into the fire.
Jody blinks and tilts her head in. “How little?”
Henriksen winces. “Might be time for it, Mr. Novak. Thank you for your cooperation. I’m sorry if this is unpleasant for you. We’re doing everything we can to make sure this—” he tamped down a snarl, scooping up his paperwork and recorder, “—
“We closed up for the night. Charlie took Kaia home after I patched her up.”
Charlie looked at her laptop and then at Meg, who was scowling at the bachelorette. A little text box popped up with the social media information. Meg looked at Charlie suddenly.
The girl rolled her eyes. “Well, yeah. I did my research before I came.” She held her hand out to shake. “Claire Novak by the way.”
Castiel made his usual stops at the bank, the hardware store and the post office in record time, even with the extra ten or fifteen minutes he spent double-checking Charlie’s cable requirements. She was going to hook a computer to the television in the den so that they could “stream” a television program after the Hellhound report aired. Castiel didn’t understand a word of it, but the Angels were particularly excited.
Cas takes his phone out. “What time do you need to be up tomorrow? I’ll set my alarm for you.”
“I need you,” Dean croaks.
Dean went a deep scarlet. He wrenched his door open and slammed it shut on his brother’s laughter.
In a low, alluring rumble he said, “I don’t come down to the station and tell you how to handcuff someone properly.”
“That’s what I told them,” Castiel said tightly.
Dean wanted to punch his smarmy little face.
“Oh, so we could have both been dead,” Dean snaps. Something inside Dean seizes up, strangled, as the warm memory of their first meeting warps to fit Cas’s account. “Fucking swell.”
Healthy-looking stocks of hollyhocks grow along the left and right sides of the yard creating a veil of privacy and scattered about the yard in different sized pots are Desert Roses.
. I can work with
Castiel sighed and looked at the back. “Me, again.”
“Hello, Meg,” he says warmly.
“I don’t. Winchester can stew for a few days,” Ruby said untangling Christmas Lights. “He’s not the only one miserable.”
The next few minutes a violent blur as every member of this impromptu mosh pit gets a healthy serving of whoop-ass.
“Wait! Dean!” Called a voice coming from the back wing of the house.
Castiel tilted his head in consideration, “Something superficial? I didn’t expect that from you.”
“If I miss you, I’ll spit into your backyard.” Nancy clears her throat, nodding over to Sam. Dean rolls his eyes. “Besides, Cas’ll be around more now that he’s got that contract out of Barstow.”
Cas tries shouting again and is jostled awake.
“Hey Cas, what’s up?”
“What?”
Castiel waited in the foyer to receive them in a tight-fitting evening gown in gold and silver. His corset bit into his sides; thanksgiving lunch had been maybe a bit too satisfying.
. Would you like to know what happens?”
“I’ll drive you home, Sam,” Cas says easily. He looks up at Meg who shifts feet, worrying her lip, and asks, “Meg, have you eaten yet? Would you like to join us?”
Dean looked tired but not unhappy to see Castiel. Flutters of hope mixed into the terror. He was every bit as beautiful as the first day they had met at Harrington’s.
Some of the titles refer to Heaven and Angels, and Sam isn’t sure why they’re there. Dean wasn’t big on religion growing up. He wonders if that’s another new thing; did he join a religion? Or a cult? Or...
County fairs, lamas classes at the community center, silent sponsorship for every peewee football team in Lanville county. Fuck, the Angels even had full medical, dental, and a nest egg for retirement. It was no wonder Cas was worried about a two-month loss of income; he was practically throwing the town’s money back at them.
And he would hear, “Hello, Dean.”
“Nope. Don’t even think about it.”
“No! I, uh, was just leaving.”
. Apparently,
“Absolutely not.” When Dean’s smirk became an impish leer, Castiel threw his hands up in the air and he started back toward his house.
“Hey!” Dean calls out after her, “You gonna take my order?”
do after tonight. You
a bit undercooked.”
“I was! Before Hunter Corp, I needed a day job, Cas. Quarterly reports and office space are all new things. I kinda hate them, to be honest. Don’t even get me started on Company Parties.”
Cas doesn’t look up from the bacon. “Fine. Could you grab plates, please?”
The front door kicked open and five people stormed in, shotguns raised.
The chime of his phone from inside his robe pocket breaks the crushing silence.
The kids looked at each other nervously. Dean’s bowls dropped into his boots.
give him a break, his plug sprang to life and hit him with what he hoped to god was its strongest setting. He gripped the desk, doubling over, blinking through the stars.
insist on me taking a ‘vacation’. My sisters were just a warning shot.”
Dean’s bubble appears and disappears a few times before:
“More jokes. You’re on a roll tonight, Carson.”
Just as he gets to his car and reaches into his pant pocket to pull out his keys, someone grabs him roughly from behind and slams him up against the driver’s side door. Cas grunts as the air leaves his body and gasps as it returns.
In shout that the bees at the back of the property could probably hear, Cas demanded: “Two months?!”
It was quiet and for a heart-stopping second, Castiel thought the cat was out of the bag. But Dean winked a fraction of a second before laughter erupted from the rest of the group.
Castiel whipped around. Dean stood a few chairs away, dressed in jeans and a leather jacket.
“And! Not just any cat’ll do either. Cactus cats mate for life, you know? They’ve gotta find The One.
Kevin swatted Jack, “I told you we should have told them we were coming.”
Ellen frowns suddenly, looking around. “Speaking of, where’s Miracle? Don’t tell me — Dean, we’re all booked for the night! This holiday’s been real busy!”
Cas had mentioned to Sam that yard work was the only chore he took seriously and that was mostly because he had hoped if he put in the effort his parents would let him install a beehive.
Dean shifted, looking very much like he was ready to leave.
like he was in any danger and was incurably curious. He felt fuzz brush against the sensitive skin on his wrists and heard the familiar clicks of handcuffs as they clamped down securely.  He was now very glad he hadn't moved. Heat pooled in his groin.
So something must have happened after he left the school. Meg works in the office and knew nearly everything there was to know about St. Abigail’s.
“Absolutely not. I’ll be wet
The respectable wood fence clicked shut behind Castiel, blown closed by the same breeze that moved the two-by-four plank swing that hung from a low-hanging bough of the old soapberry tree in front.
the shag carpeting in the living room.
Dean feels Castiel bristle next to him as the car does exactly that.
After dinner and several heated games of Mario Kart, it’s time for the “old guys” to “hit the sack”. Cas turns down his bed, offering Dean the pajamas he left over the last time he stayed the night.
Dean snorted. “Not happening. I don’t believe in marriage, I think it spoils a good thing.”
Dean buried him next to their mother and Sam started therapy.
Cas moves slowly at first. He chuckles to hear an interesting tack of the balls on the clacker. The pace picks up gradually, Cas making up for the lack of speed with raw power. Each thrust making Dean grunt from the force.
“I don’t understand that reference.”
As Dean got closer to climax, he started digging his fingers into Cas's back. He wanted to kiss Cas; on the mouth like they
He smiled warmly and said, “I was going to take the bus out to Galveston and kill myself.”
Castiel frowns, squinting in the dark to see Dean’s face. “What happened to Ms. Sunder really bothered you, didn’t it?”
Castiel looked at Dean, who looked everywhere but at Cas.
“You’ll have a real life.”
He knows it, but that doesn’t make it easy.
Dean looks grateful. “’round 6. You sure you don’t want me to wake you up in a couple hours and check on you?”
She doesn’t move, but looks at him out of the corner of her eye. “Is it legal?”
The music was winding down, and the Angels started peeling away with the Aggies into rooms for the night. Giggles and the sounds of lovemaking floated quietly into the crisp fall evening.
“You’re offering me a job?” Charlie asked, blinking.
By the time he makes it to the Roadhouse that night, there’s a burger, hot and ready, at his usual seat next to Sam in the booth. Dean plucks a few french fries from Cas’s plate and flashes him a teasing smile.
[Dean]: 👍🏻
This tradition of good-natured competition spills into the faculty room, too. Teachers (again,
“The house is clean.”
“Something kicked me awake. And it’s a good thing, too. Dean was practically standing in the middle of the road.”
“Let’s get you out of that dress.”
“Huh.” Then he looks up and grins at her before replying: “What else do you guys talk about?”
She tells Jack quietly, “It’s not the food.”
“In any case,” Cas continued, “you weren’t exactly ostracized after your whole ‘coming out’. If it’s not Suzie, I’m sure you won’t have any trouble finding a date for prom.” it sounded like a reasonable suggestion even Sam would have believed Cas’s casual attitude if he hadn’t just seen the way he looked at Dean not a minute ago.
Sam walked through the door then, dressed to the nines.
Dean stays up to hear the desert from his open window mix in with the sounds of the house. Miracle groans and rolls over, his collar tinkling faintly; Cas snores quietly.
Dean thought, swallowing hard. It was going to happen. Dean frankly insisted on it now.
Dean says nothing but squares his jaw and his shoulders.
Sleep sweeps the next thoughts away.
“The works, Herrington,” he called out over his shoulder as he walked towards the well-dressed giant.
Dean shook his head. “The last few years he hasn’t been home very much. He volunteers at a crisis line and well—The holidays are a hard time for people.”
“Two weeks.”
he was. You could see his smudgy, black under-eye bags from clear across the room.
Sam sighs, picking at the label of his beer. “No problem. See you Sunday, Dean.”
did last year.”
contributions. Ladies and gentlemen, TEXAS HAS A WHOREHOUSE IN IT.”
anything, but interesting that I
Castiel scrunches his face in distaste. “I wouldn’t give my father the satisfaction. It’s bad enough I’m going to tell him about the play Saturday at dinner.”
Sam’s had to stop him from re-tiling the bathroom by reminding him it was the only bathroom in the house. And, if he notices that Dean’s bought new sheets and pillows, he says nothing, but texts Eileen. He’ll pick her up tonight so that he’ll have an excuse to be missing for a few hours after dinner.
A sharp stab of panic races through him as he realizes: “I’ll have to tell Claire. Ms. Sunder was her homeroom teacher.” Sam winces and pats Cas on the back sympathetically. At Saint Abigail’s, homeroom teachers were assigned to a class, and stayed with them until they graduated. The kids who had Ms. Sunder as an English teacher liked her, but the girls in her homeroom considered her a second mother.
Lucifer shot him a friendly smile, “Sherriff! What can I do for you?”
Dean shrugs, looking straight ahead of him at the last sliver of sunlight. “It’s your house, too.”
blow everything out of proportion with that temper of yours.”
Benny’s door slams closed, and Dean watches him walk over to the walk-up window to order his favorites. The police scanner chatters quietly in the car.
He stretched, fingers brushing the warped spot in the porch ceiling. “Lemme go get dressed and I’ll follow you back to town. Make sure your piece of shit car doesn’t break down in those long two miles.”
“Well, get your ass in here, Lee. Can’t have you selling those AMF’s warm, can we?” Dean asks, winking at Max.
“He isn’t my boyfriend.”
It’s quiet when he sets off down the side of the road in his grey Stanford sweater. He finds his rhythm, white puffs of warm air trailing behind him in the frigid dark of the morning. This part of his life remains unchanged.
in the state of Texas? Do we want his foul mouth around our children? For God’s sake! Play the video.”
: Is it that bad?
Crowley looked up at the ceiling as if anyone up there’d listen to him.
He doesn’t want to read about it. He wants to hear what the voice of God, his father, has to say about the death of his brother.
Dean crowded the reporters and Crowley out, away from in front of the courthouse. “Come on, move this shit before I arrest all of you.”
Reporters shifted like nervous horses. They no doubt thought they could get out of paperwork because Gilbert was some backwater town. Dicks.
“So he’s drunk, and lonely and the night’s not getting any younger. Well, usually about this time he sees campers or dumb, drunk kids out in the middle of nowhere eating s’mores and havin’ a good time and so he--``
." Castiel rumbled. There was a smile in his eyes.
“Am I?” He sighs.
Gabriel snorted. “Yeah, not thinkin Michael and Lucifer’s ex-wives wanted in on any of this.”
“Ha! Cas’s family owns a dairy,” Dean says triumphantly to Sam.
“You’re pretty scrappy, Cas,” Dean said, leaning on his stick to catch his breath.
Castiel figured that it was just as well Meg couldn't be there. After all, he had been telling his family that his imaginary lover was a man and Meg wasn't. He had been vague, but not
“You’re such a jerk,” Sam grumbled, slunking off to the car. Sam handed him the knife but his frown had eased into something that was on the verge of sick curiosity. Would Dean really wear a pumpkin on his head to get into a Greek Halloween Party?
“I’m not hungry,” Dean said petulantly.
It turned out he didn’t need to worry about it. They suddenly found themselves with an abundance of guests. It seemed nearly everyone in town followed the kids home. Benny and Lee brought enough beef to feed a small army, and people brought all sorts of party food and alcohol. A few others brought farewell gifts, mascaraing as Christmas presents for their friends to remember them by.
“And hold the garlic,” Dean added, seeming to address the man at the end of the counter, “Sam’s been telling me that shit’s good for your heart. Sort of defeats the purpose of a Baconnator, doesn’t it?”
“Nuts.”
The bedside lamp goes off. "What--" Dean starts, Cas doesn't slow his pace.
He’s Mr. Jokes today, but Sam lets it slide. Dean’s second rejection letter came in the mail earlier, and he seems almost determined to put on a show of being unaffected by it. Not that he's told anyone about it or about the first rejection letter. Charlie found it in the trash one night after they found Dean asleep on a bottle of Kentucky Whisky in his office with his radio on.
She waves her hand dismissively, tossing back, “It’s Tuesday, isn't it?” A few truckers in greasy ball caps chuckle watching the exchange from over nests of hash browns and busted up eggs-over-medium.
Sam put his hands on his hips and leveled Dean with a disapproving frown. “I can’t believe you stole that old lady’s pumpkin.”
“There is loveless copulation going on in the state of Texas, and it must stop!” Crowley chirped from the television, leaving the angels stunned.
Kevin snorted. “Yeah, because there’s
“I’ll find out and have it brought to the garage. Meantime, let’s get you home and settled.”
of our family functions. I’m starting to think he doesn’t exist--”
She patted his back covering up what sounded like a sniffle with a laugh. “Fair enough. Let’s get back down there before all the eggnog is gone”
Meg grabbed Cas by the face suddenly, pushing him up the stairs. “Com’mon, babe. I shook a bolt in my bed loose, you mind fixing it for me?”
“Castiel, might we go somewhere a little more private to argue? I feel silly doing it in the middle of the lobby.”
He’s a big fan of The Jenny Jones Show.
“See, you had the same idea,” Sam said, smiling tightly. Eileen bumped him and told him to “lighten up”.
The stranger’s beatific expression evaporated into confusion first and then, looking down at the weapon, slid into nothing more than a hard brow line and a slight tick of the mouth.
“Gross!” Claire groans and throws a marshmallow at Abner. It bounces off him and lands in the fire where they watch it burn. The smoke from the smoldering marshmallow wafts up, purifying the spaces between them like sage, and makes a pleasing scent offering for the Lord.
Maybe it was about time, he thought. He was just passing through those years ago, he should never have become attached. Not to Gilbert, not to the Chicken Ranch, not to Dean.
Lisa made an o with her mouth, and then her surprise melted into a fond smile. Jack had been one of those kids that everyone loved. Most kids in town were kids everyone loved. It made it easier to circle the wagon, really.
Dean does a double-take and his face shrivels in distaste, “God, really Sam?”
After lunch they would also have to finish the decorations, adding Aggie Maroon to the white ones already on the walls.
Castiel could feel the electricity in the air as it mingled in him, electrifying the heartache, releasing it a little so that he could see it for what it was. The passing proof that he was human. He loved it and let it be taken on the wind away from him.
The kiss was broken slowly, “Sure, we can do that.” Dean said, turning to Gabriel.
“No,” Cas says, shifting a little in his seat. For the first time all night, he seems uncomfortable. “They work a lot like an agency. They can find jobs all over the country.”
He’s choking on it.
He was smoking again. He had stopped for a little while, Sam thought Dean must have talked (or more than likely teased) him into quitting. He didn’t look happy but, rather, at peace in his garden. Sam was about to leave him to it when he heard the clack of the gate outside. Cas fumbled the cigarette, burning his hand. He let it drop to the ground and sprayed it with the hose in just enough time for Dean to come into the yard.
Dean held up his hand. He stepped pointedly into Crowley's bubble so that he towered over the other man.
“Spoilsport.”
Cas beamed. “See? Just like in real life. We’ll go about our business, stick to regulars and stay out of the headlines.” Everyone eased into Cas’s calm optimism and the room breathed again.
“Most of our customer base are people who travel for a living. They’re usually alone and more at risk. Suburban folks don’t like thinking about ghosts and stuff unless they need ’em gone.”
Black and white vans passed them. In the glare from the headlights, Claire could make out the words “Hellhound Report” and social media addresses along the side of the van.
“Yeah.” Sam says tightly. “Tonight before we got any further. I-I want to have a relationship where I don’t have to lie.”
Dean leans against Baby. “That fuckin’ nerd’s gonna have an apple pie life. I can feel it.” He puts the bottle to his lips and snorts. “Hell, one of us Winchesters should.”
“That man from the lobby?” Hester asks as the car pulls to a stop in front of the house.
This was paradise.
Kaia’s smile fades a little, “What’s up, Mr. Cas?”
“So what? Like fate or something?”
”I won’t touch anything.”
Cas moved into his bubble, voice trembling faintly. “A bunch of people have come into my home tonight, invaded the privacy of over a dozen people, and do you know what anyone’s going to do about that?
Dean continued brightly, stepping over his brother’s snicker, ”Cas owns the place now. He’s my best friend and—“ the waitress almost dropped Dean’s plate down in front of him. His eyes narrowed as he tilted his head to look down his nose at her.
He took one look at the list of people in his life fans had imagined him naked with and closed the web browser immediately.
“Seven,” Cas says, looking skyward. “I have seven sisters. It wasn’t ‘puppy eyes’. All it took for me to agree to going was for Hannah to point out how lucky it was my mother hadn’t sent all of my sisters to come get me.”
The words had hardly left his mouth before the gentlest of vibrations started up from the toy inside him. Terror and arousal churned inside him in a white, hot mixture and he looked skyward for mercy.
From the back of the auditorium, Castiel Novak calls out: “Alright everyone, that’s enough for today. Go home.”
Hannah frowns, batting at a Brussels sprout with her fork. “I
She was right. He hated the thought of working an office job. While his income would be more stable, a forty-hour or more workweek would leave zero time to work the commissions he enjoyed and even less time for his own projects. An artless life was difficult for him to imagine without making his fillings ache.
“It feels like sliding into water,” Cas says with sleepy awe as he lays down and covers himself. “And, this is
“You already owe me fifty shares.” Castiel mutters, pulling out his phone.
“The polls,” Lucifer all but cheered. “The numbers are against you folks, and my hands are tied.”
“Dammit, Cas.”
Dean supposes that’s what family does. If things had been different, Dean would have grilled Jessica a lot worse.
“That’s great, man! I’m really happy for you!” Dean can hear Sam choke up so he adds, “Tell you what, call me in the morning and tell me all about it. Go have fun with your nerd friends! Drink water, take some aspirin. Don’t sleep with your shoes on.”
They had barely known each other for an hour, and Sam managed what Dean still hadn’t. Jealousy and loss shred Dean’s insides, and the beloved CB in his office seems hatefully insufficient.
The sheriff considered the red, hard-shelled suitcase. It was well-loved and covered in autobiographical stickers. Back in Chicago, Charlie had used it to house her tabletop campaigns and cosplay for cons. He picked it up for her and when she went to argue, he put up his other hand to placate her.
Max idly flips through a magazine behind the counter. “Don’t hold back on my account. Go. Cleanse.”
Sam glared, “Yeah, Dean, I wonder why. I haven’t had to make myself a Mylanta Milkshake since I took the Bar exam.” He sighed, scooping the little wrappers into the wastebasket. Then, rubbing his chest, Sam muttered, “I don’t even know why I ran for mayor of this incorporated sand trap.”
He focused on his breathing, willing himself away from the edge despite the screaming urge to orgasm untouched.Cas leaned his head back in his chair and closed his eyes, enjoying himself as the sensations shifted into something less intense and more variant.
“Save it. You’re an excellent businessman.“ She gestured vaguely to the whole of the Chicken Ranch. “I’m chalking the whole Crowley thing up as an act of God. Not your fault.”
“Cas.”
He waved to Dean and started back down the road.
Time marched steadily on.  “I have two hours to either find a man who will fake being in a long-term relationship with me and spend his holiday with my family--”
He pulled out his keys and let himself in, closing the door behind him. Castiel took off his shoes and coat, crept silently to the back bedroom of the house, and got into bed.
“I think Jack
is to solve this case quick.
“Heartburn acting up again?” Dean asked, sipping his coffee.
Dean’s hands stilled in his aggressive scrubbing. He nodded once and said, “Thanks Sam.”
For a second, Dean thinks it really is a nude. Cas is shirtless and driving sledgehammer down on a fence post.
"You like that, baby?" Dean says through his teeth, repeating the motion. "Huh?"
“Fine. Follow me, please.”
The winter air carries Dean’s voice down the street as he hands the man Miracle’s leash and says, “Thanks a lot, man.”
“Dean,” Jack whispered.
Sam was worried and kept trying to get his mind off the Ranch and Cas by taking him to lunches with the constituency in Gilbert. Which is how, just before Christmas, Dean found himself stuck at Lisa’s Cafe listening to the local business folk bitch and moan about the loss in buisness.
She squinted as the cars ahead flipped on their brights and forced her off to the shoulder. “What the fuck?”
Castiel had tried to google his name once and found fans of his father’s books had accidentally buried his social media pages deep under their (usually erotic) fan works. There were mountains of fanfiction for “the angel Castiel”.
Marie looks somewhere between thrilled and terrified for a moment before her eyes catch on his briefcase. With a sly look, she nonchalantly asks, “Have you graded the Latin homework?”
and you’d both probably have a good time.” Dean was turning that over in his head, so Sam added, “If you want to take him somewhere, he’d probably have more fun bumming around downtown or going to Biggerson’s or the arcade or something.”
Cas nods, feeling haggard. Dean puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder, bracing him a little.
It had not surprised the Old Novaks in the least to hear one of Naomi’s
Ms. Sunder is the other faculty member chosen to supervise the musical since she usually volunteers, anyway. She genuinely loves helping with school events, and the students love that about her. Other members of the faculty admire her unending patience. Castiel isn’t actually sure how he’s found himself pitched up against a quality educator like Ms. Sunder, but since the last time he won anything was back when
Dean put his arms on Cas's back, holding him in place. Cas's head rested on Dean's shoulder as he worked them through, their asses still faintly buzzing. Dean huffed a laugh. It was absolutely crazy. He loved it. And he loved
“Go get’tem, sheriff.” Meg drawled from the swing.
Gabriel crows with laughter as the rest of the Novak siblings groan.
“Mom—Mom, let him breathe!” Dean cries. “He’s alive for now but he won’t be if you squeeze him to death.”
Nancy goes to the door and lets herself into the lobby to get her breakfast. “Good morning, Mr. Winchester. Whatcha got there?”
“It’s yours, anyway. I told you that when I bought the house, Sam.”
Cas picked up Charlie’s suitcase and motioned for her to follow him up the stairs. “I see you’ve already met Meg and Ruby.”
Ben was a good kid, set to head off to some faraway college as smart as he was, but Lisa was anxious about being an empty nester. Dean remembered how upside down it had felt sending a kid to college. He was an absolute ogre for weeks. If it weren’t for Cas he might not have had any friends left by the time Christmas break came around.
When he met Cas six years ago, Dean was on his farewell tour to celebrate the end of life on the road. His brother, Sam, had run off to the coast to study law and their father, John Winchester, was dead. When Dean buried him next to his wife in Lawrence, Kansas, he stood at their graves for hours and wondered if they were
With a sickening crack, Cas dislocates the man’s arm, causing him to cry out in fear and alarm. Cas uses the opportunity to get on top of the attacker, a man about his size wearing a black gimp mask.
Sam says nothing but watches his brother expectantly.
The alley is dark behind Cas, ready to swallow him whole and spirit him away again. They’re always saying goodbye and it’s too much now. The weight of the Almost is too much.
He chuckled, “Like I told Becky, It’s not a big deal. Wouldn’t want anyone running into a vengeful tubist.”
. Especially Cas, who’s a magnet for that sort of thing.”
It takes Castiel a minute, but he shakes his head, smiling. “Not so much. I have seven incurably nosy sisters, none of whom knock. I don’t think I’ve been brave enough to do it inside the house.”
He chuckled, “that’s what got us into this mess.”
Dean snapped up from his coffee, “who is?”
Naomi did not marry well and so lost her place at their table.
Dean winks at Nancy, who rolls her eyes and lets out a relieved breath she didn’t know she had been holding. Sam relaxes, letting out a relieved chuckle.
Lee smiles widely too, “Dude! That’s a great idea! You never had a dog, always movin’ around and shit, huh?”
joy for me. These large corporations still think a fine or a payout is the only thing they have to worry about. Their legal teams are soft. They lack
Dean rolls his eyes and the kids snicker a little. They always asked him to say grace
Cas shook his head, “If you love me even as much as I love you. You’ll let me go.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Sir.”
“Happily?”
Dean blinks. “Wait—Crowley did?”
Cas has a nightmare about his brother from when they were boys. Despite the graphic violence of the dream, Nickolas largely acts the same as he ever had been.
“I like it. Couple days a week he comes home smelling like food?” He turned to Cas adoringly, “I hope you never quit.”
“Anyway, much more athletic than I thought an artist would be.” Dean put his stick behind his head and slung booth arms over it as a child might.  “What kind of art do you do?”
I had to be driven home that night.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Why don’t we take a walk?”
Dean blinked and said automatically, “I haven’t been with anyone besides you in three years, longer if you only count ones I remember.”
If like tonight, there’s something to say, Cas sits down first on the bed. Dean stands between Cas’s legs and looks down into his face. They each spend a few moments reading each other, searching for rough, worn, or raw spots in the other’s soul, and suss out who needs what to make it to “next time.”
to trick-or-treaters) had snapped off her porch light and Dean had swiped one of her Jack-o-lanterns. He had felt a little bad, but better he put the little guy to good use than let some punk kids (alright, some
“I’ll be careful.”
That was when he had noticed a contest calling for “
And for that, he’s grateful.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
His eyes were Castiel’s favorite shade of green. He would bet that he had spent over 50 dollars that year in that exact Prisma pencil. Mr. Green-eyes smiled a bright, Colgate smile that made Castiel's knees weak and, in a light but graveled voice, politely said “excuse me”.
“What?”
of what happened. That would only worry him.
“I’ve met Mrs. Tran,” Dean says seriously, “definition of a ‘tiger mom’. Nobody’s getting between those boys and Calculus.”
? Castiel, what is going on? You’ve been with the man for two years now and he’s not once been able to come to
Jack pauses the playback and looks up sadly. “I can’t. I’m not even going to make it to Grandma and Grandpa’s. Kevin and I are studying all weekend for the AP Calculus exam.”
Dean tries hard not to image a lobby full of girls who looked like Cas. He swallows, “That’s good then. That—uh, she didn’t send all of them, right?”
He kissed the top of Cas’s head. Good Leadership was important in making that happen.
The diner’s packed with truckers and families making their way back from the Winter holidays. Dean’s favorite waitress, Nancy, dances expertly from table to table. Without stopping, she calls out, “Good morning, Mr. Winchester! Take a seat anywhere.”
”The Garage doesn’t need to be painted again.”
“There’s a show?”
“It’s
“Oh right, Dean’s here.”
“Sorry I missed it,” Dean said, “But a million views, huh? You must be good at what you do then.”
[Cas:] Did I not mention it was a dairy?
Crowley
“Yes,” Castiel says, ignoring the scandalized look Dean’s giving him, “But it’s more than that. My editor insists I owe it to the characters and to the fans to make the character’s
The clerk’s footsteps advanced again, and he heard her say in a sweet-sounding, amused voice, “Here, I remember those weekends, you guys could probably use these.”
When they went inside the malt shop, Castiel got to his feet and walked across the hot asphalt, nearly melting by the time he got to the door. He had been right when he guessed that the shop didn’t have air conditioning, but was pleased to find the handful of fans were enough to cool the sweat on him. He sat at the counter and ordered himself a Coke.
Dean went to apologize, but Lisa threw her hands up.
“He forgot he drove me here.”
Mrs. Tate lives in the apartment across from him and claims that he looks just like her late husband. Cas did in fact look remarkably like a young Mr. Tate. Same blue eyes and dark hair. When he and Dean had moved into the apartment complex, Cas had nearly given her a stroke. She had only just buried the man, and here he was young again and moving a sectional sofa into the apartment across from her.
Dean snaps his fingers, launching into the story with gusto. “You haven’t seen him, maybe, but you’ve heard about him! ‘Couples campsite torn to pieces, Suspect still at large.’ And, they never catch the guy. Know why?”
“Hang in there, Angel.”
He looked around gesturing to Cas's work. Whatever he was saying got covered by someone starting a lawnmower up a few houses over and the splash of the hose. It must have been a compliment though because Cas looked over everything too.
Dean snorts, “Yeah. That.”
is. Crowley isn’t doing it for exposure. The man’s got millions of followers already. And the whole Novak Corp thing’s a stretch.”
Dean waves away the flirtation.“You think you’ll ever see any?”
They’re almost back to the office when Dean spots a light blue Rolls-Royce Phantom. He whistles appreciatively and nudges Cas to look too.
“Of course I remember you.” Castiel raised one eyebrow, “Did
Over Thursday burgers one week, Cas had the pleasure of announcing that readers had spoken. An alien addition did indeed make a western romance “fresh”.
Office boys made do, he supposed.
He wonders what the porn of a good man is like.
“Alright,” Castiel said with a nod. “I have it on my phone. Let’s go inside and warm ourselves a bit.” he put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. They had been having a good time and Castiel thought it was the right time to clear the air completely.
Castiel took in the sight like a man starved. Dean was right. Who would want to ruin a good thing like what they had?
Castiel shook out of his thoughts and looked alarmed. “I-”
Dean beams back up at him. “Heya, Cas.”
, its increasing popularity means expectations are high as well. Castiel’s feeling the pressure to make each installment more impactful than the last.
Ellen looks at him straight on. “-but you’ve been spending a lot more time at Lee’s these last couple weeks.”
“I suppose they don’t strictly have to be related by blood. I can do that much, Dean.” Dean let out a relieved chuckle and put his hand to his eyes as they welled up. Sam let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding.
“Give it to me or so help me, Dean Winchester--” Castiel panted.
“Yeah, ‘they stopped by’. Who the hell do you think came and found me when trouble started? It wasn’t going to be you, was it?”
“Privately?” Castiel asked, his voice like a knife on a whetstone, “We could chat it out in the yard with the rest of this circus.”
Henriksen jaw ticks. He reaches over and turns off the tape recorder.
Cas looks at him. “Yeah?”
Cas shoots Dean an exasperated glare. To Mary he says, “Please don’t tell my mother about this yet.” Mary frowns at the request, obviously disapproving, but nods.
She was right. He
It doesn’t pacify Dean; only seems to agitate him more. Cas scrubs at his face and leaves his head in his hands, asking God for guidance.
She was not immediately successful in her business, and so wasn’t worth mentioning professionally.
Cas opens the door to Dean’s room and sighs. Two old lamps are on, casting the room in a warm yellow glow. The bed has a soft, forest green duvet and white hotel sheets beneath, made up with care and beckoning Castiel in for rest.
And now he’s furious that he’s denied himself the pleasure of it for so long.
“Not gonna fight,” Dean says.
She put on one of the calf-length dresses. It was about a mile and a half off from her usual LARP get-up, but not at all unwelcome.
“He said that last year too, didn’t he?”
The reality of what all had happened the day before hit Castiel like a freight train in the early hours of the morning. He had kidnapped someone. He kidnapped someone because he was afraid of being called out for lying to his family. Panic swelled and he jumped out of bed to steal downstairs and use the phone. He needed to confide in someone, needed to admit what he did, and receive safe criticism. Out of his family, Castiel only trusted Gabriel to lay things out for him. But the last person he'd want to disappoint with the truth or worry was Gabriel. He needed to call Meg.
“So an angel, huh?”
It’s a good first impression, even if Sam withholds the right to give Cas his familial blessing just yet.
“The sheets are new.” Dean admits as an excuse. Cas grunts and seems to drift into a doze.
“You know you could just take him home,” Ellen points out. “You have one of those.”
Dean would do it. He said as much to Castiel. In a strained voice, he tells Cas that he’d get down on his knees on that unforgiving concrete floor for him. Cas’s moans echo off the basement walls, making the audio pop.
he did.”
Dean laughed and took it gingerly, their fingers brushing.
He looks at her, cocking his head to the side. She reaches into her purse and pulls out a book. Dean looks at the artistic photo of a Cactus in bloom on the cover, impressed. He’d kill to get his plants to look like that.
Sam shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry for what Crowley said to you. You can’t hear it on the audio, but Eileen’s pretty good at lip-reading. Didn’t take her too long. I’m not saying Crowley didn’t deserve to be pushed into the fountain for what he said but did you really have to do it, Dean?!”
Henriksen tells cas that his brother Nickolas Novak has been accidentally released from prison.
He scrubs his face with his free hand. “Yeah. I wrote a book. I sent it off to a couple places. Won’t know if it gets picked up anyplace till, like, April.”
“Because I’m not.”
It makes Dean want to get blackout drunk some nights, but it’s
“This is really beautiful.” Eilleen says, looking out over at the scenery after dinner. Sam flips on the lights in the courtyard so they could all see what hole the beer was coming to.
“Well, he called me around midnight two weeks ago. But he was drunk and with someone. I haven’t heard from him since.” He folded his napkin in his lap.
“Anytime, Dean.”
Castiel’s mouth hung open, and he fought back a blush.
Cas looks at him sharply, blue eyes frozen in the cold. “It means I can get in my rig and be on my way. I have a job to do, and I only stop here for you.”
“For what?”
Sam lingers in the doorway for a moment, making Dean sit up a little in the bed. “Somethin’ on your mind, Sam?”
The sweet, slow burn of Cas sets all of Dean's nerves on edge. When they're pushed together as far as they can go, they wait there in that space, kissing slowly. And it's nice, Dean can tell that Cas could fall asleep like this. Would do too, with all that alcohol in his system, so he pats him and says, "Gimme whatcha got, Buddy."
a complete ass.”
"Cas", Dean begs. He used to hate how needy it sounded, like he thought he was going to die if Cas didn't dick him down right then. Even if that is what it feels like. Mercifully, Cas removes his fingers slowly.
Dean fumbles the spoon. It makes a god-awful clatter against his mug, the table, fork and knife before falling onto the floor. He doesn’t reach down to get it.
The Novak’s use the largest room in their home as a dining room for Saturday night. Castiel thinks it used to be a ballroom because it’s large enough for two full-sized dining tables to sit end to end. And there was still room enough for the café tables sitting off in the corners of the room for the hordes of grandchildren Naomi had been expecting.
Lee looks off to see where Cas was, and his eyebrows shot up into his bangs. “That your kid brother, man?”
“Looks like you could use a cold shower, buddy.” Before he could think better of it, Dean pushed Crowley into the fountain.
Mostly.
“Cas. Hey, hey. It’s okay, I’ve got you,” Dean says, his figure back lit by the security light outside his window. “You’re here with me at Bobby’s, do you remember?”
He looks down at himself and then at Dean with a confused squint. “What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?”
“Hey speaking of people that had no business being parents -- Is our progenitor showing up this year or am I putting the ‘world's best dad’ trophy back up in the closet?” Michael and Lucifer wore matching scowls. “Well, I could use a drink. Of course, there’s nothing in the house with you party animals around. Deano, drive me to the gas station?”
“Yeah?” Dean asks. “They any good?”
The first thing Naomi Novak does when she opens the door of her large brick home is pull Castiel into a hug. He freezes, unsure of what to do at first and unable to remember the last time his mother had hugged him. Or any of her children, for that matter.
Castiel winked rather than answer.
“Castiel Novak.”
“Let’s check you out, handsome.”
Alex bit her lip, clutching her romance novel to her chest. “There he goes.”
As they stood there together in the driveway looking at their handy work, Sam could feel the chaotic energy leaching out of them. Cas turned to Dean with an open, friendly expression, his perpetual squint softened by the moment they were sharing. “You want a bumper sticker?”
Castiel isn’t sure if he’s talking about nearly getting suffocated by Mary or if he’s talking about the last few days. He shrugs and the old man grimaces, patting Cas on the shoulder comfortingly. He can feel the tension slowly leeching from his body; it has been since the second he stepped through the threshold of Bobby’s house.
“Let me guess, Castiel Novak drew the short straw on purpose?” Dean asks, grinning.
And all of them called her "Red".
The grass crunched behind him. He whipped around to find Dean Winchester looking every bit as sheepish as he did twenty years ago.
bad, Jode.” Donna said, drawing from a deck of cards between them. “Not as bad as old John Winchester. He was a real piece of work.”
It was something he had always thought when he looked out over the town: How the lights look like little stars. He jolts in the realization that Eileen hadn’t come up with that on her own. She was quoting
“What?”
. As in Castiel
“It’s different,” Dean said charitably. He looked like a charlatan. Why did anyone watch this crap?
“And He runs that place like a damn, nonprofit organization. I heard that everyone’s been set up with their own retirement plan.” Bobby added.
When this case is over, I’ll go with you out to the creek every day if you want. For now, just go home.
It isn’t her fault. While Naomi is not the most affectionate mother, she is the most affectionate member of the Old Novak Family.
Sam gapes at her, “He just tells you how he’s feeling?”
Ruby rolled her eyes and turned to Charlie, “Anyway, Red, welcome to the Chicken Ranch.”
Mid-sentence, Max interjects, “Maybe you should get a dog, Dean.”
God damn it, he was miserable.
“Something like that.”
Dean grinned wolfishly, “I’m sure we could negotiate a payment option that suits us both.”
“Charlie Bradbury.”
what’s happening. Cas has just met his entire family. Dean looks over to where Cas and Sam seem to enjoy the pleasant conversation and nods, breath returning to him. He’s brave enough to answer, “Yeah, I guess it is.”
(cw masturbation)
He let out a strangled plea, "Cas."
He’s taking in the sunset on the back porch after a long day churning butter with his sister Ambriel halfway through the second week when Anael finds him and hands him a bowl of what Castiel assumes is custard.
Dean taps Cas’s hand with his thumb a few quick times like he’s laughing and rushes out: “Through Christ, our Lord. Amen.”
“No. They’ve taken it off.”
Sam clutched his stomach. He couldn’t breathe.
Dean does. He has several horror stories stowed away inside. They’re the reason his trunk holds an arsenal and why he still wears silver. He’s safe out in Joshua, but old habits took more to lie to rest than a salt-n-burn.
brother was right here at his fingertips.
first? Some kind of direction?"
Both brothers stare at him, slack-jawed, before Sam lets out a smothered chuckle. Dean throws his hands up hollering, “For the love of—Read the damn books, Cas!”
He looked down the porch to a little spot where he remembered sitting that night. Castiel had been glad to watch the Angels dancing beautifully in the light from the paper lanterns overhead. He admired their confidence, how they smiled, how energy flowed through their bodies as they talked or danced.
“Okay?”
“I used to be an angel, Dean.”
Something inside of Castiel recoiled sharply. Dean was right, of course. Castiel usually wore that distinction with pride. He belonged to the Chicken Ranch. It was his home. It was his contribution to the community. It was who he was.
Lisa looked up with a gentle smile. “I bet Jack was disappointed. Cas is like a dad to him too; you guys pretty much split the load, right?”
Cas reasons could spend a few lazy moments masturbating to get him in the mood to write the intimate scenes Celeste has requested of him to write. He pulls the phone out of his robe pocket and commits to watching a video or two to get some idea of what was en vogue.
Instead, he shrugs and takes a more vicious bite of his hamburger, saying around a mouthful, “He told me the character dies so--”
Dean held out his hand to shake, and Balthazar took it warmly.
The conversation shifts to other things, Dean makes them lunch and they talk about his morning. Sam and Eileen are moving in together, the Server Nancy has changed careers, and Claire is moving to Irvine with Kaia in a few months.
“Oh.” Dean chuckled. “Right. Yeah.”
“Junkless?”
Dean shook himself out and Cas asked, “Do you mean that?”
“Yeah okay, Dean.”
Dean could feel his eyes threatening to cross with the effort not to shout, so he closed them and pinched the bridge of his nose. He took a deep, calming breath and said in his most polite voice: “Listen Crowley the long and short of this is
Of course, Cas's small, amused smile when they entered the elevator the morning they decided to "improve the workday" made him question whether or not that was all just an excuse not to think about the bone-deep ache forming in his chest.
Dean tied the fishing weight to the line. “I’m telling you, this is a good time.”
“Yes, you do.”
Dean grimaced. “You heard that, huh?”
“Cas?”
“Common then. I’ll teach you.”
Dean nods. He’s still absolutely terrified. Even the explicit love of a good man won’t change that overnight. He hates the distance between them. The distance that will grow for the next few weeks would eat at him.
“You are very good at the ‘over-under’.” Jack, said. “I certainly wouldn’t take a bet against you.”
The sluggish morning light that stains the curtains brings the clarity he was missing the night before. Inside of him was a hole. Dean’s not brave enough to think much more about it beyond the flat realization that it’s there. Like a crack in a radiator, it lets anything of value slip onto the hot pavement and evaporate away.
She turned to Dean and saluted, “Hey Dean, glad you could make it.” Castiel looked at Claire helplessly, but she put her hands on her hips and looked away. “Yeah, okay, I told him where we’d be.”
Someone pounded on the door and threw a bucket of cold water over the moment.
“Of course. I mean there’s not any chance of me being declared dead, now. I might as well go register.”
destined for greater things than Gilbert.
Benny shifts in his seat and hangs out of the car a little to ask Dean, “Would you get in the damn car? Kiss the missus, let’s get a move on.”
Dean snorted, “I suppose I can’t argue with that.” He put his hands in his pockets as they skated to the edge of the ice. “Like I said last night. All I’m missing is rubbing elbows with the rich and famous. And I really can’t thank you enough for that.”
The container suddenly feels about as heavy as lead. Cas doesn’t look very hungry either.
Castiel blamed the warmth that spread through him on the brandy he had hardly touched.  “This morning, you led me to believe you were a mechanic.”
Not as
Dean looked away miserably, stomped down the stairs, and slammed the door behind him.
Dean scrunches his face. “What about
“How did--”
The entire room reeked of “Eu du Douche.”
“I’m getting better at cooking,” Jack insists. “I didn’t set off the fire alarm last time.”
Claire’s eyes were brimming with the hot, frustrated tears Castiel had denied himself earlier. “And when life disappoints you, you’re allowed to be fucking heartbroken about it.”
“What was it you said it looked like?” Dean asked,”‘Angels falling out of Heaven’?”
. It’s warm and familiar. It’s comfortable.
The night they met, Claire had been passing by Lee’s on her way back to the warehouse from a trip to town and some creep was harassing her, trying to get her to go home with him. Even though Claire had turned the guy down at point-blank, he grabbed hold of her and started to drag her off. That sort of thing happens in other truck stops maybe, but not at the Desert Rose. Not while Dean Winchester had breath in his body. Dean, half-drunk off his ass, launched himself over the fence for outdoor seating to beat the guy off. Someone called the sheriffs and Dean happily traded a night in the drunk tank for a bed at Jody's for Claire.
“I, uh—I’ve been by to give you this, but they said you were busy. I was driving by and I saw you in the yard. I wanted to give you this in person. I didn’t get a chance last time.”
Dean leans back a little to look at the stars overhead but catches sight of Cas instead. His face is calm, and the eerie blue-green glow of the pool lights, make him look almost otherworldly. Dean blushes lightly when he thinks about being called an angel — he’d been called a lot of things, but Angel wasn’t one of them.
you’re romant—
After Dean thanked the Novaks for having him, he hurried outside to find his brother. Sam was listening to his messages with a very deep frown.
Castiel, dressed like a lumberjack (Dean’s clothes and week-old scruff),  poured fancy mixed drinks for some of the frat guys. One of them asked in a slurred shout, “What’s this one called, Novak?”
. You know, “self-care” or whatever. He goes in for another deep, calming breath.
Castiel snorted and drawled in a voice that Dean thought sounded playful, “Not if you expect me to feed you at any point this weekend.”
“Goodnight, Cassandra,” Lucifer sing-songed with a laugh.
“Alright. I’ll go let the guys know they aren’t going to have to donate their plasma.” Meg teased. She bent down and kissed the top of his head. “Thanks, Cas.”
because he was very into what religion could get him.
“It isn’t anything fancy.” Dean said quickly, “Bobby’s doesn’t pay all that well but, I thought you could use it.”
There was a knock at the door. Dean masked up and said, "Come on in." Crowley, Funtime Noodle company's co-founder and CEO, strutted into his office in the sweet-looking dog mask Garth had given him for Christmas. That was a friendship Dean didn't think he'd ever understand.
“Go to class tomorrow, Claire. There’ll be plenty of work for you on the weekend.” She rolls her eyes but mumbles thanks.
Cas lays the phone down on his bed next to him and assesses his work. His introduction into proper romance writing had been accidental. He had confiscated a half dozen romance novels during class time over the years, but he hadn’t ever read one himself until the romance between a babysitter and the pizza delivery man captivated the entire student body (and some of the faculty). It was almost a full week before anyone could remember Latin verb conjugation. After prying three copies out of the hands of his students, Castiel decided to see for himself what the fuss was about.
“I get it.”
Hello, Dean. This is Castiel. Sam gave me your number when we met last.
Cas flips him off and speeds off with Bobby, kicking up dust.
“Again?”
“I-I see.” He sat down at his desk “So we won’t be opening.”
He was attempting to make Mrs. McCoy's Man Catching Cherry Pie. If this spell was a dud, Castiel would be greatly disappointed.
“Dean?”
“Well, I guess now’s as good a time as any,” he suddenly felt as though he were climbing one of those big wooden roller coasters. He could barely contain his excitement, his glee almost childlike.
“If you don’t go over there,
Fortunately, he would have no problem evading Micheal this time.
“What the hell am I supposed to tell everyone?”
Castiel looks around, as if realizing that yeah, they’re still in the office's lobby. He sighs barely patient sigh of a long suffering brother, says his “Goodbye, Dean” and escorts his sisters into the nearest conference room.
Was this all his fault? If he had asked for Cas’s number that very first night, where would they be now? He squeezes his eyes shut but can’t escape the after image of Cas reading in his bed in the middle of the day. The weight of lost time crushes him. Years pining. All because Dean doesn’t have the courage to ask for what he wants.
Charlie looks up at him again, her friendly features falling to something much more shrewd and protective. Then it softens slightly. “Okay. But if he finds out, you didn’t get it from me. You got it from Ash. Gimme your email address.”
Dread overtakes him. Castiel scoffs. “Lovesick?”
Sam clears his throat and tries to keep a casual face. “Uh, actually I’ll go. Why don’t you go look at the magazines or something?”
As they close the store, Sam’s suddenly a little nervous. His brother’s
“He did,” Castiel said nodding. “And so, as bad a mood as I was in, I lost all sense of professionalism and answered, ‘Whenever I can.’”
“Well, if it isn’t the foul-mouthed Sheriff of Lanville County.” Meg drawled.
“That’s why they made me sheriff. So have you at least watched this guy’s show before?”
“Ow!”
“Nah, but he’s seen weirder shit than I have. ‘Sides I’m technically retired, even with douchebag, trucking werewolves terrorising runaway teens. Why? You tell Eileen? ”
Instead of Kentucky whisky or a beer, he’s drinking a Sarsaparilla that Claire and Kaia brought back from a concert in Calico. There are notes in his notebook again. Nothing big— no poems. He’s still grieving the end of
Crowley, that bulldog, was waiting in the lobby.
It was then the door to the dinner opened. In from the busy, blustery cold walked one of the most handsome men he had ever seen. He was tall, built, and his sandy blond hair was complemented by a red flannel shirt, green pullover, and leather jacket. Castiel's mouth moved on its own. “I was just going to say we might run late is all. We’re on our way now. I have to go, goodbye Michael,” he didn't know why he said it. He doubted very much that a man
If she wasn’t going to Mexico to hide from Dick Roman, a cursory glance of Gilbert’s Main Street made her certain she could lie low in the town. The post office on the way into town proudly declared Gilbert, Texas, “the friendliest town in America.” And if it wasn’t, it had at least nailed the aesthetic.
Every morning around 5 am, Sam Winchester goes for a run.
Once, when they were boys, Sam had borrowed a book on lesser known Catholic Saints. Dean had apparently been listening to his little brother “geek out” about the text because, a few weeks later, he had doubled over laughing when Cas’s cousin, Uriel, compared him to St. Odilia.
do. It would be the same to her as asking her to be my girlfriend.”
Sam smirks, Balling up the cover and tossing it on top of an old workbench. “But we’re getting her out today.”
“Don’t be an ass. I’m just trying to get a headcount. I barely have time to talk. While I have you though, don’t forget about that interview today at Sandover. Zechariah agreed to see you as a favor to Dad.”
It was sort of sweet.
Castiel grimaced and rubbed the corners of his eyes. Crowley was looking to be a bit more trouble now that he thought about it.
“Thanks.”
“Sorry, Sheriff,” Lucifer said, relieved by the opportunity to get all that young passion far away from him, “It looks like the Chicken Ranch looses, 42 to 37, with 21% undecided.”
He read the whole thing twice.
the time. What the hell was wrong with him today?
Meg hummed.
In fact, he’d go so far as to say
“A little heartbreak now and again gives us mystique,” She said, waving him off. “Rest up tonight, I’ll have Meg come up with some warm apple cider.”
“We text,” she explains.
hits.”
Sam gave an awkward wave. “Novak? Like the writer?” He asked.
Gadreel chuckles, snooping around for the snacks. “Dean’s right. I’ve seen Cactus Cat.”
How he was going to do that, he didn’t know. But his editor seemed to have a few ideas.
Dean turns off the lights for the courtyard and when Sam pulls Baby out of the driveway, the little solar lights are the only things keeping them from being plunged into darkness.
The audience whispered judgmentally and Dean jerked forward as if someone had struck him. He hoped to god Cas wasn’t watching this. It was already hard enough to see him when it was
Castiel turned to look at him surprised and the side of his cheek met one of Dean’s snow chilled fingers. They warmed on contact. Dean offered Castiel a small smile as he stroked over his cheekbone with his thumb. He leaned in and planted a gentle, chaste kiss on Cas’s mouth.
When Dean opens the door to the store, he hears Miracle get up from his comfortable pillow in the office. He rounds the corner of the counter with a smile on his furry face.
“No. I’m sure you did what you could, thank you. I have to go tell everyone.” He hung up the phone and put his head on the desk.
He doubles back and reads the titles more carefully, unsurprised but still a bit touched that there are a lot of poems written about their childhood.
Claire punched the gas, “You got it, bud.”
Dean shrugged, “I did it on purpose. Didn’t wanna risk not getting to be the one who asks.”
“Dean Winchester don’t you dare do anything stupid!” Castiel said following him and garth down the steps, feathery robe trailing in the light fall breeze. “Watch your damn temper.”
Eileen motions for him to give her back the book. “That one’s mine, thanks.”
Garth brought them a Chicken.
Was Steve the dominant one in bed?
Castiel said nothing but grumbled something that sounded suspiciously like “you’re preaching to the choir.”
“Gimme three beers for now, Lee.”
“We’re in the kitchen, Bal,” called Anna with a giggle and wink at Dean. Castiel sighed. His sister Anna was a year older than him and lived in the same city. Before things started to pick up with his work, they used to hang out together at the same clubs and parties. Anna had an unpleasant habit of taking home whoever it was Castiel showed up with, be they clients, coworkers, or friends. He hoped she would rein it in since technically Dean wasn’t on the market, but that would have been a Christmas miracle.
Suddenly, Cas resists the urge to fold his arms over his chest like they do and roll his eyes.
now, Cas?”
Claire rears her head back and spits in the face of one trucker. He lunges forward and grabs her by the neck “You fucking—”
Castiel got a full view of just what exactly had happened at the courtyard. His stomach flopped painfully when he heard Crowley’s splash.
“Now you leave me alone, I barely know how to work the damn thing.”
It had to be done, but it didn’t make Cas feel any better about it. He crammed greenbeans in his mouth to save himself from commenting.
If he gets out of bed right now, he’s going to sit in front of a computer for several hours. If he gets out of bed right now, he’ll have to contend with the fact he still has writer’s block. He knows what the problem is, but not where to start. Picturing Benny naked just wasn’t cutting it, and there wasn’t much life experience to draw from. After all, the last time Castiel had tried to date seriously was when he was seeing Balthazar.
“Absolutely,” Dean said. Castiel froze as Dean shrugged the rest of the way out of his overcoat.
“Go get’em, Nancy Drew,” Meg draws after him.
Dean was nearly vibrating in anger.  "Did you do this to my car?"
Lisa was nice, her turkey wasn’t dry, but she wasn’t Cas.
And that’s fine.
She wanted to be Charlie Bradbury a while longer.
Dean’s smile fell off his face, and he stiffened instantly.
“I should have bought Castiel a squirt bottle,” Gabriel muttered.
“Be nice,” Dean warns him under his breath. Cas would rather eat raw chicken every night than deal with this harpy. He’s glad, for his friend’s sake, that he’s in enough pain to hide his distaste.
Castiel squinted at the shot, tracking its movement in the man’s unsteady hand. He nodded once and declared. “That one is called a ‘Scooby Snack’.”
for them.”
“Yes. In Austin. I’d be closer to the kids,” The more he thought about it, the more attractive the offer was, all things considered.
Not that they were anything to each other.
It had been a great morning. Lily had asked Castiel to go into town and pick out Christmas trees for the parlor, foyer and Den. Since Castiel didn’t have a car, Dean offered to hall them.
“My mistake.”
A beer bottle sailed over the fence and into the yard in a perfect, lofty arc. Inside the bottle was a piece of an old tee-shirt.  It was a Molotov beer bottle. Dean leapt out of the way, pulling Sam back with him. The Molotov slammed into the table and set the fireworks off in a din of shrieks and crackles and a spray of sparks. Sam hurried to grab the hose before the old table caught fire.
[Cas:] Have you ever seen a butter churn?
that the connection might be improper. He didn’t think he could handle Cas keeping him at arm’s length like he did Sam.
the porn. And by the sound of it, he’s watching it for the
, I would have begged him to take her.”
<<[untitled image3. jpg]
“This room joins mine. It’s the quietest part of the house.” Castiel stepped inside, putting the suitcase neatly on top of the bed and fluffing a pillow.
Meg knocked on Castiels door. “Was that the Sheriff?”
Dean winked and headed off down the street with the deputy trailing behind him.
As if on cue, the boy threw his cigarette down, grimacing as he stamped it out with his clunky combat boot and started over to the car, dragging the hose behind him.  Sam watched him stop and cock his head when he saw Bobby had passengers.
Suddenly, his phone dings on the table. Dean ignores it and takes another deep breath. It dings again. Dean shifts in his seat and releases shakily. Damn it, he was trying to
Dean takes a sip of black coffee and grimaces, grabbing hold of the little bucket of creamer and sugar. Nancy puts her hands and her ticket book on her hips and looks at Dean and Sam expectantly.
“Never change, Cas.”
“Are you kidding me? It’s hilarious. I see the tour ends where the magic happens.”
He held it out proudly to Castiel when he opened the door, “I always wanted to bring one.”
“Did you burn it?” Dean asks, setting it down on the table unopened.
He really
Out of breath now, Gabriel shoos the children inside ahead of him. He looks between his mother and Cas with a bemused smile.
“They’re reporters!” Sam cried. “What in the hell did you think the cameras were for?! Besides, everyone’s got a phone, so everyone’s got a camera.”
Castiel tilted his head toward the passenger side door and was there to help lift him into the cab when Dean opened it. His hand on Dean’s shoulder scorched him more than the summer sun.
She dabbed at her eyes with a handkerchief she kept in her pocket and smiled faintly. “Sometimes family and a little sweetness can make up for finding heartbreak where you least expected it to be.”
It’s almost soothing.
“That’s exciting news,” Cas says, taking a pull of his beer.
A good number of things happened inside of Dean. He went white-hot, incandescently angry one second and the next, heartbreak and the fear of disappointing Cas poured over it like a bucket of ice-cold water. His skin prickled painfully.
Regardless of whether a warm body occupies the space, Naomi sees that the table settings are fresh each week.
Meg was sitting in the parlor dealing a hand of poker. He smiled, figuring she probably wanted company.
A knock at the door shakes them from their thoughts. Cas removes his hand and mumbles, “I’ll get it.”
While the rest of the Novaks were busy congratulating the couple, Dean planted a kiss at Cas’s temple.
“I hope you don’t mind house chores?” Charlie frowned but shook her head, and the corners of Cas’s mouth picked up.
“But that’s not what my people want, Damn it!”
Or they could go together to Benny’s and Dean can hold his hand if he wants to. Dean chuckles, thinking about the surprise on Cas’s face when Dean referred to him as his boyfriend for the first time that night. He can see little moments like that stretching out in front of them, and a warmth like a pull of whisky fills his chest.
Cas hadn’t been a very difficult sell on the whole “monsters are real” thing. In fact, he had been so unsurprised by it that Sam wondered if he even believed a word of it. Bobby pointed out that Cas was a smart kid and had lived next door to a hunter his whole life.
Cas sips on his drink and shakes his head, eyes shining with laughter. "No, that's okay. You do it." Which is all that Dean really needs to hear before he's tearing open the wrapping paper.
“She’s taking Lisa’s Thanksgiving turkey as an offer of marriage, I think.”
“It isn’t strictly necessary.”
Michael chuckled, “I’m glad you’re socializing Castiel a bit, Dean. When he was a kid he was terrible at making friends” Castiel's face fell and Dean could have flipped the table.
Marie hisses a “Yes!” and pumps her fist in victory.
John Winchester was dead, the Impala was totaled, and Dean probably hadn’t slept in three days. Sam watched him talk in hushed tones with the lady from Social Services in the corner of the special room in the hospital for dealing with orphans and wondered where it was they were going to go now.
“Awe, now you’ve gone and done it. I hate whoever told you about that stupid legend,” swears Claire. She turns to the kid who asked and says, “Cactus cat is Dean’s hat trick.”
They spend a quiet moment listening to the desert wildlife before Dean picks up his sarsaparilla, and stares down at the phone, heavy in his hand.
At first, Sam thought the Dog who sat next to Dean in the truck was Cas. That was until Kevin, the checker at the grocery store, had asked Dean if he could give “Miracle” a treat.
.” His voice cracked as he asked, “Where you even gonna tell me the kids were in town?”
“How do you always make it here before I do?” He asked, with a stamp of his foot.
She closed her eyes, leaning against the door frame gently. “The world doesn’t stop when things are Hard. Mothers kept having children, those children would, god willing, make it to see another empty birthday or Threadbare Christmas. Often the only thing anyone could afford to give their kids was candy.”
Dean chuckled fondly. “Well, I’ll let you get to it then.” He gave her a brief wave goodbye and then headed down the stairs.
“Well, it isn’t exactly a secret that the Novak Corp executive board had been pressuring my brother to have me declared dead. After he died, I kept waiting for an announcement to say I had died years ago, but it never came. I could still, technically, take back the company my father left me.”
He would not turn back around and go back to Amarillo, that was for sure.
Dean struts up to the bar. “Three burgers, fries, the works.”
“Congratulations,” Cas beams next to him.
Castiel doesn’t open his eyes or smile, just says “Something like that.”
They had easily fallen into a "friend with benefits'' arrangement, and Dean was quite happy with it. Cas was good company and mind-meltingly hot. If it weren't for Corona... If it weren't for Corona, one of the two of them would have been bent over the desk by now.
She sighs, taking his glass.  “In any case, you might want to get some air.”
“—left here on a bus to Austin; on good terms with his mother again and with a full ride to the University of Texas.” Sam finished happily.
, man
“I’m not good with people. Dad and I changed the way things have been done at Novak Corp so much that it’s not even the same company anymore. We aren’t some cutthroat company but we’ve got no real heart.”
Dean’s head shoots toward his superior. “What the fuck?”
Castiel’s mind settled more agreeably on a few events where Dean had crashed the party and paid Lily double so that Castiel wouldn’t have to fuck an Aggie. They’d stay in his room and play poker the whole night, lazy and naked.
“He’s fine, Cas. Try to get some sleep. I’ve got you. ‘m here.”
“Pie, please, Nancy.” He tells her as she puts down his coffee and Sam’s water on the dark brown laminate table.
Cas goes to the station where (with dean there) Chief of Police Victor Henriksen asks him questions about Ms. Sunder, the assault and stalking.
And that she had kissed him.
Dean turns again to look out the window and on to the Desert Rose Truck Stop, the crown jewel of the town of Joshua, which sits along the intersection of two major highways somewhere between Barstow and Hesperia.
“No, I thought a slice of pie would be more filling.”
Over the top of his creamed and sugared coffee, he can see Nancy give Sam an exasperated tilt of her head. Sam clears his throat and says, “you know Dean, houses in Joshua are dirt cheap.”
The kid jerked like he had been electrocuted, nearly dropping the hose. “Dean? Wh-what are you doing here?”
Cas nodded. “Alright, I’ll ask at dinner. Thank you, Dean.”
“Can you see his plates?”
Charlie nodded, corralling the boys to the back courtyard for the party.
It wasn’t much time but, it should be enough to get things in order.
More lights and a little whoop sound behind them, and two deputies get out of the car. Everyone is given a complimentary zip tie and the truckers are escorted off to sit in the dirt next to the cars while the fuzz waits for a wagon.
“I’ve got something for
“Yeah?”
Castiel looked stricken.
The Chicken Ranch had employed Bess as a cook for as long as it had taken Garth to get brave enough to visit and sweep her off her feet. Since Hannah left to be married, Castiel had had little time for social calls. Someone had to keep the Ranch from falling into disrepair, and Castiel had the experience.
“Then I’ll see that big girl later.”
and push him into the fountain?”
Cas’s voice tumbles into the room. “Hello, Dean. I’m stopping in tomorrow.”
Cas takes a steadying breath and his eyes slip closed.
“Shame. Last week we broke a station record. It might not seem like much compared to millions of views on YouTube, but I still consider it an accomplishment. Some of us,” he said smoothly, “Still appreciate cable tv.”
Both Max and Charlie were in the store that day.
Over his potatoes without gravy, boiled Brussels sprouts and chicken breast Cas says: “That’s right. The girls at school have adapted the
Cas takes Dean in a moment before saying, “You know, I was married once.”
“Who are we talking about? Me?
If that’s him, Sam doesn’t want to interrupt their private moment just yet.
Sam seemed to relax at that. “Please, Sam’s fine.” He cut the engine in front of the house. “Alright. Let’s get you settled, Charlie.”
It was his older brother, Michael.
Charlie’s eyes were two round saucers, “This is my fault. You guys had stayed under the radar until I-”
Her expression reluctantly smooths. “Thanks. But I only stopped by because it was on the way home. It’s not like she was going to get any less dead tomorrow.” Meg slips a manicured hand in Cas’s. “I’d like to go home and take this uniform off.”
Dean picks up the discarded items, folds them, and puts them on the dresser. It’s habitual, something he’s always done for the people in his life. By the time he finishes, Cas is off the phone and sliding out of the button-up. He puts his nice shirt where Dean had been stacking things neatly, but Dean plucks it up off the pile to fold it properly.
Claire ran her hands through her hair again. “I’d- I’d like to do more charity. Novak corp makes an obscene amount of money, and I’ve been investing a lot but it doesn’t feel... human?”
Cas groaned. Of course he was.
Dean hears Cas laughing before he could even see his face. It sounded like music, like a rumble of thunder over the desert.
Six years is a long time to make his brother wait, after all.
Castiel whipped his head to look at her, choking a little on his food. She thumped him on his back and he sputtered, “No. Why?”
.” Castiel groaned.
Castiel advanced on her, pulling her into a hug. It surprised her at first, but she slowly softened into it and patted his back.
“Good Morning, Boss.”
Cas opens the gate for him and steps aside, still concerned. “Well, welcome home.”
When Dean’s dick is weeping pre-cum, Cas tilts Dean’s legs to turn him over. Dean’s brow furrows. Cas always preferred to face each other when they fucked. This was new. This was
“Well Miss Bradbury, if you’re going off to the Chicken Ranch you’re going to be well taken care of.”
“It seemed only right. I was ‘the man of the house’ after all.”
He had wondered if Cas’s skin was warm.
The only bed in the room was a bunk bed.
“What I’m hearing is you’d both rather study calculus and watch people get eviscerated than attend mass.”
“After a night at Lee’s, does this,” Dean flicks his hand at the space he thinks his aura is, “get any better?”
Castiel nodded and flopped back on his bed with a sigh. “Yes. It’s official.” He watched the fan move slowly on the ceiling. “I should go tell everyone.”
. So much for being ‘Texas’s first honest legislator.’”
Castiel groaned inwardly. After they had lunch there on his first day, Castiel had been avoiding it. The diner gave off the same feeling as Herrington’s back in Gilbert and sat right across from the Capitol building.
Dean put up a hand to stop him. “Listen Cas, these last few weeks have been really shitty for me. Sammy says I’ve been ‘snappy’. I heard what you said just now.” Castiel flushed instantly trying his best not to avert his eyes as Dean said, “And, I think we’re on the same page. So I’m just gonna ask,” and with his free hand, he dug into his pocket and pulled out a pair of fuzzy handcuffs. “Wanna spend a holiday in handcuffs?”
“Dean. You are destined for great things. You just need to get out of Gilbert. I don't think you'd do it if you had me here beside you. Things would be as they always were. We won't go anywhere if I stay." He licked his lips to hide an errant tear that fell down his cheek. "If you love me—”
“It’s Valentine's Day? I was sort of hoping to ask you out.” He gave a wry shrug. ”You left pretty quick on Christmas and I kinda stood there like an idiot.” He chucked. “Ghosts? No problem. Emotions? Deer in the headlights,” he pantomimed a deer getting hit by a car in an awkward, but truly endearing way before he put his hands back in his pockets.
If he was in for a penny, he was in for a pound.
“Just tell me the truth,” he bellows. “You’ve been quiet all night. That’s not like you.” When Dean doesn’t reply, he scoffs and looks down the alley at the rigs shining in the white light of the led street lights and the snow. Terror clutches at him and he wills Cas to look away, to stop talking.
good with words.”
“Sounds good, Cas.”
Dean holds his hand out. “Let’s get you home, buddy. You look dead on your feet.”
,” Hannah said as an introduction. “Dean Winchester, this is our cousin, Balthazar.”
It takes him hours, but he finally sleeps. The next few days chained to a desk in his mother’s offices drag and the only relief Cas gets is when he’s able to shoot a few texts messages off to Dean when his mother isn’t looking. After the first day, Naomi moves on from taxes to other business matters that she wants Cas to look over.
As he hands Cas the box, he asks, “You and Dean hangin’ out tomorrow? Doesn’t he usually go radio silent during a case?”
“Life raft,” Jack says before he could help it. “Claire, I
“Well, there goes our job security. The hell are we supposed to do now?” Ruby asked, flinging herself over the arm of the couch.
“Just one more line of questioning, Mr. Novak, and we’ll be finished.”
He storms out, leaving Cas sitting dumbfounded and Dean silently fuming.
“Nah, you tell them what you’re doing and they’ll be beggin’ you to just throw their asses in jail.”
Castiel heard the gun in his hands cock, his voice came in a dark rumble, “Outside. Now.”
He said into Cas’s hair, “Give them the bells and whistles to keep them off of you for a while.”
Dean listened as the door to the junker closed quietly. When he heard Cas’s steps retreating and the whoosh of the gas station doors, he wiggled around, noticing that his body felt a little lighter, a little colder. He had left his coat behind on the table at the dinner. No coat meant no phone. He’d have to get his hands on one soon, otherwise, there would be 250 pounds of moose at the door of Cas’s family home.
Castiel patted her back, “I know.”
Dean rolls his eyes and jams his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket. “No, that’s not the problem.”
His stomach was a boulder of nerves.
“Little Cassie has furry handcuffs?” Balthazar laughed. “I think I’d sooner believe in Santa Claus.”
“Maybe that is exactly what happened.” Castiel retorted, loading another spoonful.
April’s eyebrows had shot up suddenly, a twinkle in her green eyes.
He cleared his throat but only got half the gravel out. “I think I am. You know where I could find a place to stay?”
(cw stalking)
“Hooks?”
“They’re annotated in case you were curious.”
Cas rolls his eyes and turns most of his energy to making S’mores.
A new batch of vultures stopped him outside of the capitol building, asking him again about the Chicken Ranch.
He heard Crowley say, “Care to comment, sheriff?”, but ignored him, squinting through the dark for the door. He pushed open the auditorium doors to find no one in the hallway.
“Surprised the hell outta me though. He looked rough when we pulled up.”
He whipped out his phone.
“I think so. Not many people can say they don’t like Cas, though. The dude’s a harp and a halo away from being an actual angel.” Lee nods in agreement and takes Dean’s card to open the tab.
“How much money you got, Charlie?”
“You’re probably right.” Dean said, popping the last bit of bacon into his mouth with a nod.
It makes him feel incredibly old to admit it, but he dislikes how quick news spreads these days. His shoulders slump and he says quietly, “You shouldn’t have had to find out over text message. She was a kind woman and an excellent teacher.”
A picture of him getting into his car only a minute ago.
part?”
“But it’s nice. We aren’t dating, just hanging out.”
Kaia considers this for half a second before her entire face crumples in guilt. “Crap. I’m sorry, I guess I was just shocked and sent her the message without thinking. I only knew who Ms. Sunder was because Claire talked about her a lot, I should have realized that it was going to upset her.” She worries her lip and looks off down the hall, “Is she still upset?”
Sweet little flower beds sat outside old-fashioned wood and brick buildings carefully renovated to include modern amenities like running water and electricity. It was like something right out of Bonanza or —
Dean hit the keys again and then nodded his head. “Do you even know what you’re doing?”
Each year, the theater club of St. Abigail’s School for Young Ladies puts on at
“Of course.” The looks of shock and disbelief from the rest of the table warmed Dean’s heart just a little bit.
“I don’t need a tip from either of you,” she says in a proud rush, “I finally have enough for my truck!”
“I don’t mind, really,” he muttered, ducking his head.
“Dean!” Dean pulls the phone away from his ear exaggeratedly and makes Cas chuckle by pretending to rub his blown-out eardrum.
He gave the room one last look before turning to Charlie. “In return, I’d like to ask a favor of you.” His shoulders sagged tiredly, “Our last housekeeper left us a month ago when she got married. Would you consider filling in for her while you’re here? I’d pay you a wage and it would let me put off hiring another; I dislike the interview process.”
“That’s one way to put it. How far to the next town?”
When they’re clean again, Dean gets into the bed, feeling the slide of high thread count against his skin.
Cas handed him a paper towel "What is it?"
Dean Winchester tears his gaze from the window to find the large, black eyes of Nancy Fitzgerald, the waitress at Benny’s All-Nite Diner; they twinkle as they catch the first licks of light over the horizon.
When the sheriff called to close it down, Charlie sent out an email to Gabriel alerting him that the house would soon be for sale.
“I’m the Club President, Dean, I think I’m entitled.”
“Hey—remember that time he woke up at four in the morning, went to the bathroom, and—”
He was quiet for a moment.
When Castiel opens the garden fence, he’s sitting in a comfortable lawn chair under an enormous umbrella, shirtless with sunblock smeared on his tanned skin. He has a beer in one hand, a spatula in the other, and had his legs submerged in a small kiddie pull.
Nancy hurries to put it down on the coffee table in the lobby and opens the envelope gently. She reads the first line and throws her arms around him, sweet tears rolling down her cheeks.
, hot pants. I’m giving you the rest of the night off.”
Crowley quirked an eyebrow. "I suppose I should have expected that from
“Dean Winchester, sheriff of Gilbert.”
When Dean and Cas come in through the hole in the concrete wall burdened with snacks, they’re welcomed with cheers.
He puts his knees on the bed on the outside of Cas’s legs and crawls into his lap. He hooks his right arm around Cas’s neck and pulls him in for a kiss, his left guides Cas to the small of his back.
He assumed, too, that it was part of being a good older brother; trying to keep in touch now that their dad was gone.
“Anyway, like I was saying, Castiel owns the chicken ranch, and he’s my best friend. He’ll put you up while you figure out what you’re going to do now that you’re in the good town of Gilbert.”
When Dean entered the room Castiel was immediately relieved to see him.
“C’mon, old man,” Claire goads, “I know you’ve got a good one stashed away.”
“How sweet.” The clerk cooed. “And you both look so cute together! Have fun!”
Castiel chuckles, deep and warm and aroused. “If you wanted to see ‘where the magic happened’—“He’s out of bed in an instant. “I’m going to put the phone in my pocket until I’m out of the house. One moment.”
Cas glanced at Dean again, the corners of his mouth ticking up just enough to be called a smile.
Sam came home from school to find Cas and Dean bickering in Bobby’s office.
Castiel thought that was odd until he reached up and that his face was wet too. He was crying, and he hadn’t even noticed.
Ruby launched her dinner Roll at Kevin. “Cram it, poindexter.”
Max got off his ladder for a better look. “Oh! They’re getting out. It’s uh. Oh shit! The boys are home. And one of them brought a girl!”
“I already met him,” Claire interjected over her turkey. “No offence, but I’m not that impressed. He made an ass out of himself in front of the courthouse the other day. Saw the whole show.”
Ellen smacked his arm playfully,“Well hellfire. If that’s true, why aren’t you taking to Facebook with it? Too busy with your damn Minion memes?”
Cas looks in the review mirror. The spot in front where a license plate should be is, of course, empty.
Cas looks up at her with a raised eyebrow. “Was I supposed to? I can invite him if you’d like.”
“Is Dean coming?” Jack asked. “I was hoping to see him for Christmas.”
As the end of his shift drew closer, Castiel became increasingly uncomfortable.  He wondered which of his recent mistakes, Sandover or Fake Boyfriend, would be the biggest disappointment to his family. He almost convinced himself once or twice that afternoon, that this holiday might pleasantly surprise him. That may be, except for Michael, no one would be surprised or disappointed and he would be able to enjoy his holiday. He knew better, though. Outside of Michael and Lucifer, his family was full of incurable romantics, flirts, and busybodies. Fake Boyfriend would dominate the conversation by a mile. The worst of it was that Castiel would have to dodge the attempts of a well-meaning family to play matchmaker between him and their Facebook friends.
Dean’s phone goes off on the table. He takes a sip of his beer defiantly. Sam looks at the phone. Then at Dean.
He did his best to wave it away. “It’s the same thing I write every year. Don’t read too much into it.” They shared a companionable silence before Cas asked, “What was your best Christmas?”
he supposes,
Now was as good a time as any to shower.
By the time they’re seated and halfway through their meal, Claire comes staggering out, muttering: “Coffee.” As she pours the black liquid into her grumpy cat mug next to the coffee pot, she gives the bacon and eggs a bleary, confused look before nodding.
Dean gave him a lopsided grin. “Don’t know about behaving myself. But I'm not gonna go anywhere. Besides lunch today, I didn’t exactly have plans for the holiday that I couldn’t heartlessly abandon.”
Meg laughed gayly and patted the empty seat next to her at the table. To the woman she said, “If you play your cards right, you just might.”
The entire house waited for them at the foot of the stairs, and Castiel felt fresh guilt looking into their concerned faces. Now wasn’t the time to be feeling sorry for himself.
A frat brother of the first man (who was far less gone) spoke up with a friendly smile, “Hey, how do you know all these, Cas? I thought you didn’t drink.”
Jack chuckled, and Claire cracked a smile. Even though she thought Dean Winchester was a loose cannon, seemed to have a soft spot for young people.
Castiel hummed and looked down at his hands folded neatly in his lap. “I saw Lisa today. Are you still going over to her house for Thanksgiving?”
is the only one that matters.”
Jesse snorts, spearing another marshmallow. “Yeah me too. Her name is Julia Write, and she left me on a doorstep.”
and that he seems successful in it,
“Are we dancing tonight, boys?” Ash calls, one hand casually twirling a pool cue.
Besides a few bruises and that cut on his neck that had already stopped bleeding, Dean didn’t have much for the medic to tend to.
Castiel was a bit frustrated. He knew she meant well, but even two months later, everything still stung. “I’m not interested in anyone else.” He admitted. “That was probably the happiest I had been in a long time and I just--” He searched for the words. “--Want to cherish it.” he laughed humorlessly. “I don’t know. I guess it’s silly to fall in love with someone you’ve kidnapped.”
Sam’s car pulls into the driveway.
After the second glass, Dean was finally feeling charitable. The television was playing low and quiet, and he could hear the grandfather clock ticking away.
And he looks horrified.
“Do you have Mrs. Smith-Rosen’s number?”
imaginative with a three-bean casserole.
Castiel excused himself from the table, “I’ll go get our bag.”
Castiel blinked and looked so damn relieved he could cry. “Yes! Yes. That was the plan.”
