That was something he might’ve expected from Mycroft but even so, he wasn’t quite prepared for a gift for a four-year-old girl to be this…this collector’s quality, quite frankly.
There would not be a lot of that going forward, after all. Especially not if things went according to plan.
“It will when it has been taken from the one whom he intends to court. Even if he hasn’t been aware of it at the time.” There was a noise of frustrated resignation there that was mild but which John felt in his bones.
The box stayed in the doctor’s hand, still closed and retaining all the small but vital lumps of gold.
He brought his hands around to cup both sides of Sherlock’s face. “That neither means that I am going to leave you immediately or that you cannot be trusted when it comes to sex, okay?”
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the teacher’s face soften and harden at the same time, which was oddly fascinating.
No. One thing at the damn time. There was no use dwelling on speculations like that. He’d already wasted enough time doing it with nothing to show except more worries. This here was something that he could do and while it might not be all of it, he had faith that it would be a big part.
It had come true. All of it. Everything that he had hoped but hadn’t dared believe would come true had in fact become reality.
For a long moment, they sat there, caught in the moment and suspended in the joy and happiness of the situation.
It must be something important enough to warrant him calling John rather than Sherlock, the doctor knew that, and do so repeatedly, according to the list of missed calls John had vaguely registered before he’d pressed the button to take the call. But even so, he struggled to find the energy to just keep the conversation going.
Just the thought that Moriarty was still nearby – the snipers certainly were but the risk that they’d fire on their own initiative was minimal – waiting for John to be on his own so he could try again had a shiver run through him. The fact that he had wanted an audience, an audience of Sherlock, to watch the claiming didn’t entail that he wouldn’t do it without one now, knowing that Sherlock would be able to work it out.
“Do you? That makes one of us.” It was the brunet’s turn to give the other a long look. “Alright, yeah, I…I needed to make sure of what state you were in to begin with before I...”
No, it wasn’t either of those. They were there, certainly, but at the same time, they weren’t, seeing as they were part of him.
“Perhaps you can think of it as mutual respect instead, then. I wouldn’t take something of yours without express permission – “
“Don’t be stupid and evasive,” Sherlock said, with the thinnest thread of a snap to his voice, which nevertheless cracked like a whip. “You know perfectly well what I mean. Obviously, otherwise you wouldn’t try to deflect. Piteous attempt, admittedly, but still. You attempted it, even knowing that I would see through it. So…why do you not want to admit that you are influenced by him, too?”
“As though you haven’t already had your minions delve into every possible piece of information that they could possibly find about him the moment you realised,” Sherlock shot back.
But it wanted to be cunning. To intimidate him and scare him into submission. Into giving it control, like it felt it ought to have had from the start.
Seen in that light, it not only made a tremendous amount of sense, it was a practical approach and incredibly heart-warming. He didn’t even pause or make any mention of him wanting or needing to be there, too, never mind any ban on going out. Instead, he’d immediately worked out a way in which it would be as feasible as possible for John to accomplish what he wanted to accomplish.
He scoffed at the notion but nevertheless, he didn’t return to what he’d been doing. Instead, when he closed his eyes it was to check, certain in the knowledge that it was just a stray bit of instinct that didn’t like knowing, at all times, acting up.
But because John had stormed out, angrier than Sherlock had seen him in ages, he’d made the mistake of relying on assumptions, and therefore hadn’t actually made an honest effort to check on where he went.
“I think you ought to leave,” ‘John’ said, speaking directly into the brunet’s ear. Not that it mattered much, as the dragon wasn’t paying attention to them, not right then.
The point was that John had been strong throughout the whole encounter, that was abundantly easy to spot even though he’d been rather utilitarian in what he’d related, had faced someone like that with steel and determination, despite the utter curveball he’d been thrown by the double whammy that was the bibs and the dress.
Was that part of why he’d broken down like that, too? Another stab of guilt pierced him, joining the ones already there. Even the knowledge that it wasn’t necessarily the case and he was basically spinning worries out of cobwebs didn’t do much to help it go away. In fact, the addition only served to exacerbate the others.
And yes, alright, some of it could be that some pregnant people, Omegas and Beta women, preferred bottle to breast, but even so, they took it into consideration instead of assuming one thing or the other. It wasn’t just a step up from what he’d expect, it was an entire flight of stairs better.
Speaking of fast, however…as he had to blink rapidly, trying to dispel the sudden feeling of fog sidling into his brain, he remembered why staring into those reptilian eyes for any length of time was an extremely stupid idea, and realised just why the dragon was quite content to stare at him rather than pounce on him immediately. A pliant little victim, content to wait for its fate, that’s what was wanted.
Not on the table and not, he checked, swept underneath it, either. So, where else could it be? Think. Think, think, think.
Yet this…this kidnapping told a different story, didn’t it? It at least sent a lot of those assumptions up in the air and he just didn’t know anymore.
No, but I think you might if you thought that was what was supposed to happen, or you were afraid that I’d rethink this relationship because it wasn’t going fast enough. Something like that, you might end up with the idea that you ought to propose.”
The laughter died away. “You can’t just go through a bag of things I’ve bought, Sherlock, that’s not – that’s not on.”
“But that still doesn’t explain why you stopped me. I’m glad for all of that information, don’t get me wrong, but time and a place, Sherlock. We were kind of at the start of something that I would really like to get back to, and soon. I’ve been waiting for bloody ages for it and I…well, obviously I can wait some more if that’s what’s needed but…I’d rather not.”
“Who said anything about compliments? I wouldn’t have – I would’ve attacked him, probably sooner rather than later.”
That clearly didn’t sit well with the consulting detective but whether that was uncertainty finding an outlet through sulkiness or just Sherlock’s usual childish petulance at work, John couldn’t quite say.
John turned back to face Sherlock, his eyes flickering down to where the brunet still held his phone, then back up to his face.
It was mostly the last sentence, the last point, that clinched it for the doctor. Well, insofar as the promise to tell the truth could be itself a lie.
“Sherlock? Come on, while we have the time. If you won’t let me look at it now, at least let me help you out of here.”
After what felt like an eternity, he dared to gently tug at his hand. John let him, taking his own hand back. However, he compensated the lack of touch, which Sherlock would’ve said he was in no way obligated to, by moving himself closer, so close that their shoulders touched.
And this Alpha, this impossible man that he’d bonded with twice over, unconsciously and very much deliberately, was grateful that he had come back to him? With that kind of fear apparently lodged inside of him, had let him leave, had even made it out as though it was nothing and only the rational thing to do, and had then just…waited and hoped that he would come back? Without knowing he would for certain, had he just sat there?
“No. Well, yes, perhaps so,” he conceded. “But it might not be as bad as we think it is. As we want to believe, at any rate.”
“Hence the knife,” Sherlock confirmed with a small nod. “I know you are more proficient with a service revolver than bladed weaponry but all I currently have is this knife so it will have to do.”
Oh. No, honestly, how could he think anything else? What real reason had he had to expect that? Sherlock had taken quite a long time to notice John had gone in the first place, hadn’t he? So certain in his ability to find him, keep the thread on him, that he hadn’t even taken a moment to check where he was when he’d gone storming out and hadn’t returned after the normal stomp around.
“No, it’s not. I’m saying I love you and I want to work this out. Yes, so there are some sticking points and things to sort out still.” He paused, considering. Then he smiled. “But honestly, compared to how we usually go about it, I’m actually a little proud of us. I mean, we’ve talked about it and everything.”
“I do love you,” he whispered into Sherlock’s ear, trying to sound as earnest as possible, because he was. “If that’s what you were referring to. I said that and I meant it. I’m in love with you.”
Though the man didn’t seem to outright relax, which really was fair enough given the circumstances, the tension did leave him a little bit at that. Enough so, at least, that he was willing to explain what had occurred.
As he did so, he could feel that control slipping back more firmly in his mind, the strands, which he hadn’t noticed thinning ever so slightly, thickening again, pushing at the desires and instincts which had already managed to attach themselves to old receptors. Pushing them out as best he could.
Then he paused, mentally called himself an idiot, and continued somewhat more truthfully. “Just…moment of panic that there might be a connection between this and Tessa. A more substantial one, I mean, than the mere fact that they’re both related to the harem and me. Which is ludicrous, I know. Even if she’d been…sold or something,” here he had to take a deep breath through his nose again, “there would be no reason for money to enter my account. I won’t be on any legal documents there are regarding her, if there even are any, so whatever this has to do with, it isn’t her.”
It might be that he didn’t know that he was initialising a courtship ritual that was apparently instinctual to dragons, as he certainly hadn’t done it on purpose, but that wasn’t the same as saying he hadn’t known about his feelings, was it? He knew what he felt about John, whether he was ready to consciously acknowledge it or not…
“I have, until seeing the bill of the performance this evening,” he said instead, “not been aware of John’s existence. Mummy didn’t tell me you would be performing with someone else tonight, and you scrupulously keep us as much in the dark about your life here as possible.”
There was a rumbling groan. Rather than waking up, though, Sherlock buried himself further into the pillow and, incidentally, into the blond.
“It’s fine, though,” John added, and the ease with which he said it sliced at something inside Sherlock. “Like I said, if you’re – “
“Yes.” Sherlock paused. “Would you…John, will you allow me to look into the part on Moriarty further on my own? It’s not that I want to shut you out but – “
Once he was properly gone, John tried to pull out of Sherlock’s grip, more to put the things they’d gotten away, possibly in that other bedroom the flat had, the one they’d already discussed whether could function as a child’s bedroom or not. They could have the cot for the baby in what had been Sherlock’s bedroom.
The question was honestly more whether it would come across that way. Whether Sherlock was, without a proposal, able to make John truly believe that he meant it. His doctor was supportive and caring and understanding, yes, far more than Sherlock deserved, no question, but he also had his limits and his issues.
As that warmth spread, however, he thought he saw something at the depth of those blue eyes. Something…not calculating. Nothing that cynical but nevertheless, something secretive.
Sherlock had spent some of the weekend practising on the piece. Even though he knew he could play it fine if he hadn’t and just had the notes in front of him, he’d made the effort, so that he could show John that he was taking it seriously. That was important.
As luck would have it, all was quiet around them when the lid opened, and the mechanism began turning. Enough so that even though the relatively small thing wasn’t capable of great sound, though significantly stronger than expected from such a thing, the melody it played was clearly audible in the air between them.
Old habits and defences died hard, he knew that, but they certainly wouldn’t die if he didn’t work to kill them off, either, would they? He owed that to him. To Sherlock. To himself.
Not to say that Sherlock didn’t either, because he absolutely didn’t. Never had, in the time John had known him. But that kind of approach wasn’t Sherlock’s style to begin with. It was, however, Mycroft’s, with the way hands and ears had to be greased in order to advance things inside of Whitehall. That he didn’t even try to employ it with John was appreciated.
It clicked. “Because I’m bonded to you, you mean. That’s why, even when I met him right after the harem moved, he was – “
It wasn’t even just that he’d bought them for the flat, though. He’d particularly sourced them, even if he wouldn’t admit to it, finding something that would fit in with and compliment the knickknacks, bric-a-brac and other assorted trinkets that the dragon had accumulated over the years. In other words, he’d made a particular effort – and he hadn’t even known that his actions had so much significance.
Looking back was not something he was very keen on doing, really, but he was going to do it, if only so that he didn’t slip back.
attempted to claim him in that sense, and Mycroft wouldn’t have used that phrasing if he believed, or could sense, that it had been successful. He always weighed his words rather carefully, didn’t he? So why hadn’t it? Was that failure instrumental or more incidental?
“I… “Sherlock began then stopped to genuinely consider. “Perhaps I was…a little. As I recall, though, the circumstances weren’t exactly the best in which to learn that.”
John could take care of himself. He had a weapon and even if he hadn’t, he’d fought his way out of hopeless situations before.
One thought did manage to penetrate the fog, shrill in its panicked clarity; he was going to die by having his throat torn out by a dragon. After everything, that was how he was going to die, by the hand, or teeth, of a consulting criminal mythical being.
Mycroft seemed rather adamant, though, and so John’s frown seemed to serve to frustrate him, or at least annoy him.
He noticed that John not only allowed him to pull him back in but wrapped his own arms around Sherlock’s waist. Why would he do that? The protection he could understand he’d want, but…
Sherlock paused to press his hand to his head, as though in pain, closing his eyes as he did so before he continued. “All of that, and likely more than that as I can’t seem to concentrate, and you tell me I’m safe for John to be around? When I’ve clearly tried to hurt him more than once since…”
Sherlock had continued to watch him during his little mental tangent, with a wonderful patience that John suspected was…if not a little out of character, if such a term could be used, then at least something that was mainly bestowed on him.
Some of it came easy enough to him, the memory clear and painless. Some of it, however, was far more difficult, and not purely because some of the owners he’d only met briefly several years previously. But regardless, he persevered, pushing the memories away as soon as he was done with them.
“I don’t want it for myself,” Sherlock said, looking suitably indignant at the suggestion. “Why on earth would I have any interest in a gun?”
John didn’t want to be a chore but neither did he want to be associated with an unpleasant memory for Sherlock. In fact, he didn’t want it to be anything other than good. Awkward was fine, over with quickly, too. Not too often an occurrence afterwards would be fine, too, really, though he would prefer it not to be a one-time only thing.
That didn’t tally with Moriarty wanting to claim John for himself, though, did it? Then again, that might’ve been a spur of the moment decision, whatever the underlying reason for it might be, which wouldn’t be hard to believe of the Irishman.
And he’d…well, knowing Sherlock, he probably had a pretty good idea of when John would be there, even with the rather meandering path he himself thought he’d taken, but even so, he clearly hadn’t been in the know enough to pop down a minute or two before and just make it look as though he’d been standing there for a long time.
As he drummed his fingers against the cover instead, something caused a breeze. He looked up as a lock clicked and the front door opened – Sherlock had gone out to get them something to eat, he’d said, about half an hour earlier– warily, instinct kicking in to prepare him in case it was someone who wished either of them harm.
Of course, he’d seen it before. They lived together and with his lack of boundaries, Sherlock had more than once walked in on his flatmate while he was showering or soaking in the tub. But apart from that, John wasn’t exactly an exhibitionist and what was exposed, when it happened, tended to be the upper half, at most. On top of that, there was quite the difference between that situation and this.
“And I’m not having the idea that being rendered a mental vegetable, if even that much, doesn’t count as dying for you. But I don’t…I – “
Something else pulled at the cord itself, further down, and on his other side, he recognised the empty brilliance of his highs coming closer.
He could even have elected to let it remain far more cryptic, if he was determined to go that angle, too. Not that either bit of information was, as far as he knew, exactly a bright shining landing strip that guided them to her location. Even so, however, he would’ve thought the Irishman would’ve gone for something a bit less…helpful, than that.
It didn’t even matter that he knew it was exactly the same kind of sentiment that thousands upon millions of other people through recent history – the necessity and security of marriage in older times meant sentiment had bugger all to do with it – had felt when they’d proposed to their significant other. This was still infinitely important and meaningful to him.
Pushing those thoughts aside, along with the rest of what swirled inside his brain, fractured thoughts and spikes of emotions continuously creating a tempest in his mind, as best he was able to, he ignored everything but the vest and the act of keeping his wings around as much of John as they could cover.
Still, John wasn’t in a state to be stood, or sat, there for the judgment of other people, regardless of who they were.
Nevertheless, John, whose shift had been cut short due to a fire in the adjoining building – they’d been evacuated for the smoke but as it turned out, only one person had needed medical assistance and so they’d gone home – came into the kitchen, looking concerned.
Before they had a chance to do much more than briefly smile at each other for the jumble, the door was opened, or possibly more accurately wrenched open.
To help John, or possibly just to underline a point, he took a step or two backwards, though he was hindered in stepping back further by bumping into his armchair.
As it spoke, it pulled at the foot, in the clear expectation to have the rope snap into tatters with barely an effort.
The macho Alpha had dodged her attack, without any effort, and had grabbed her in turn by the upper arm and hair. Then he’d shoved her into the boot of their roomy but not that roomy car, closing the door surprisingly gently after her, while the other, smaller Alpha had got into the passenger seat, but not before he had carefully put their little girl into a car seat and buckled her in.
At least John didn’t bother denying it. “I’ve got it. Took when I – shit, I’m sorry. I should’ve thought about – about anything, really. I just…I needed to get away. Didn’t even think and I should’ve thought – “
Up this close, and when the fear and worry had enhanced the scent output and the sweat had further highlighted it, he managed to smell almost as clear as the other two secondary genders.
That might be a little much to infer if it was anyone else, but he was coming to learn that if you looked, properly, it was not unreasonable to expect and find several things in the expression all at once.
Sherlock’s eyes, which had been narrowed in the scowl, blew almost comedically wide and his mouth hung open, as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
His subsequent girlfriends had either not liked spooning much, which was fair enough, or had preferred to be the little spoon. Or they hadn’t thought about it, of course, that was an option, too.
“Oh.” His nose wrinkled and his erection flagged slightly. “That’s really not a name I needed to hear in – wait, that was to do with the…claiming of a mate rather than a claiming of a thing, was that it?”
It wasn’t that the bed was carefully and properly made, even though that was a bit of a surprise on its own, but that on top of the covers and the bedspread, there was…
Sherlock looked, then looked again. By the time he only held the disintegrating gun, the jade statue having melted into nothing but waxy drops on the floor and even those were already evaporating, too, he’d just begun to question what he’d seen earlier and then he saw it.
He trailed off into a grimace. After a moment, he continued, “It is not true and if you cannot see that…”
Even if he had somehow managed to smuggle it with her, they would have taken it from her long before she reached these people, so as not to get her attached to the ‘wrong’ person.
“For all your talk about us being different sides of the same creature, you have very little regard for me, my emotions or even my skills. Not that I expected you to but that’s not really the issue, either.”
Sherlock had moved without John noticing and was now standing significantly closer, the blond could feel him, but still with some distance, as though he didn’t dare come closer.
That ought to bother him but to be honest, it hadn’t for a little while. About the same amount of time the thought of being alone at 221B again
“Apart from the fact that you’ll be sleeping in my bed. Both in the literal and metaphorical sense.”
“Why did you bother looking at me in the first place, then?” It wasn’t a good idea to ask such a thing, he knew that, but Moriarty wasn’t the one he was worried about angering right now.
“I know. It’s…my gran used to phrase it like that, she looked after me and my sister a lot when we were kids, and if I don’t concentrate, then when I need to use the expression, that slips out instead. Don’t you have – and why are you smiling like that?”
to the one who had to deal with you in that state and knows exactly what he’s up against! The person who has managed to not only avoid being killed or claimed despite the efforts you put in to do both, but has worked on helping you in any way he could ever since you fell comatose – just as he always had, I might add!”
His best option right now, it seemed, was to follow Sherlock’s instructions and see where it lead him.
“No…” It was said with a touch of…something, the Omega couldn’t quite identify it. “Could you turn your head a little to the side and down…love?”
‘The idiocy of public school struck again with lights out and one of the prefects is a petty, power-hungry rat with mummy-issues that will only grow when she leaves his father for her two lovers, and he doesn’t like being told that. So, he’ll use any excuse to try and assert dominance, which is laughable. – SH’
It was a wonder, considering everything in his mind coming together in a vortex of a shambles, taking his poor heart with it for the ride, that he managed to spot John exactly as he came out onto the roof.
But that didn’t scan if John had initiated the kiss, did it? Only…even with what he’d said just now, Sherlock couldn’t actually remember whether he had or not. Nor was it very clear to him if it had been reciprocal or one-sided, both of which worried him somewhat.
He didn’t try to persuade him or tug, however, or otherwise push him in a direction. This needed to be discussed beforehand.
Again, it was that of the doctor that was brought to the fore, not that of Omega. Almost studious in its avoidance, which was…not unreasonable, of course, not when it was something that affected the man and had affected him in his past. Had limited and shaped his life in almost every way.
He smiled but there wasn’t a lot of humour in it and what there was had the tiniest of edges to it. “Just imagine what you’d say if it had been the other way around, eh?”
“I do not know how to treat his wounds!” It probably ought to worry the blond just how much reaction he was getting from the other man but in the current situation, he didn’t spare it a thought.
He couldn’t help the warmth the sentiment generated, though. It said something sweet about John that even though it didn’t matter to Sherlock, it did to him.
Something flashed in John’s mind at that, something about a ‘boots theory of socioeconomic unfairness’, but he couldn’t pin it down further than that and let it go.
It took Sherlock a second to realise that it hadn’t actually been him who’d spoken but John. John, whose hand, slightly tense itself as was the rest of the body, was trembling minutely in the Alpha’s.
. Fifty-five, then. But compared to the rest of things that have not just been info-dumped on me but expected of me to cope with, this is almost tame. It’s certainly far more within the realms of the logical – and that’s a strange statement, seeing as there’s bloody magic tied in with it.”
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take another month but things have been...well, you know. It's been a bit of a mess all around. But I got it written, for whatever that's worth to anyone.
It helped to feel John do the same, even beneath the soldier mask, as he walked the last few steps up to the front door.
Pay just a little bit more attention to the vibrations of it, however, and you realised it was merely a shriek attempted disguised as laughter.
Though he’d been furious with his friend for his apparent apathy and callousness towards other beings – which he still was and yet, this whole protection of him if it wasn’t out of dragon instincts threw it all into a jumble and it made his head spin quite frankly – he wasn’t about to demand that he ought to feel something for John beyond what he did, merely because John felt something, okay, quite a lot, for him.
“I’m not the dragon,” was what came out of his mouth at last, his voice raspy and just a tiny bit shaky. It was further muffled by him speaking into the doctor’s clavicle bone.
He looked down to see John glaring at him as he tried, through the fog of fatigue, to assess whether he counted as an enemy or not, as quickly as he possibly could, his training coming into play.
“You are certain it’s him, then?” If the blond tensed at that, it wasn’t discernible in the rest of the tension still in him.
He knew, even without the tone and the lack of pleasantries, that the elder Holmes wouldn’t call if there wasn’t something that he wanted. With those elements lacking as well, it became evident that the something he wanted was not just important, which he had said himself, it was imperative.
Would Sherlock even think of something like that? Possibly not but the ideas he picked up on to try because they counted as ‘normal’ were sometimes baffling and worrying so it wasn’t outside the realm of possibility.
As for the girl, she looked, at that same first, casual glance, entirely comfortable with the situation, too, as though it was something she’d done hundreds of times before, and the only thing to worry about was whether she could put one over the grown-up this time and win.
John smiled at that. “I hear you. But we do need to know because it’s going to rear its head sooner or later.”
Then he could revel in the swell of John’s stomach. When he wasn’t helping Tessa feel it, of course, or all the other things…
“Indeed. But just because it’s not perfectly balanced at all times doesn’t mean you’re being a berk – and do tell me how being continually tested on your mental wellbeing constitutes being so, I’d dearly like to know. I’m certain it will be a most fascinating study.”
Looking at Sherlock, he thought he knew what he meant about it feeling stupid and also why he might be feeling such conflicting ones, even if he was approaching it from a slightly different angle.
Why was that? Had he managed to sink further into whatever primal state he’d descended to? He didn’t seem to behave more ferally otherwise but perhaps that wasn’t how it worked with dragons.
“You don’t have to worry or check up on me. I’m not going to let the dragon get control again.” Not really anger, but it wasn’t the lethargic almost-monotone from before, either, so he’d take it.
“I know it’s stupid, as three will be more than enough to handle, especially when two of them will hit every milestone at roughly the same time, doubling everything. We’ll be going from none to three as well, unless we get Tessa back sooner, of course. But in any case, we’ll have more than our hands full and I know I’ll be a terrible father to them and resent them for having been born, which is no fault of theirs and – “
Whatever else he’d done, and however else he’d made John feel in the last 24 hours, there was no denying that he’d brought a man struggling to find a reason to survive back to life and had continued from then on to give his life excitement and even, dare he say it, meaning.
His nostrils kicked into gear and calmed him down somewhat by informing him that they couldn’t smell any fresh blood from John, so even if he had been hit, somewhere he wouldn’t immediately notice, it wasn’t anything severe enough to be a risk factor.
“Shown me that I have made the right decision. That I am making the right decision and that it will be the permanent solution.”
Sherlock had a brief but clear mental image of John with the guitar under his chin, bowstring at the ready and couldn’t suppress the snicker.
Apart from that, the first few days went well, just getting to know each other a little better – something that might be argued would’ve been an idea before they bonded but which neither really cared about. Well, that and taking care of quite a few more practical things that cropped up now that he was out of the harem, which frankly took longer than he would’ve expected.
He finally noticed the other brother was in the room when Mycroft stepped forward, slowly, but with his hand held out as though to ask Sherlock to take it.
He hadn’t been tall or imposing, even though he had seemed to be an Alpha. Quite the opposite, in fact, though there was perhaps a side of model to him, despite the height, and yet there had been something about him, the man said, which made him quite unnerving. That gave the impression that if you upset him in any way, sorry was the least of your problems.
“John,” Sherlock whispered when they parted. “John. John. John.” He sounded as though he was reciting a reverential prayer.
You could see Sherlock actively fighting with a body that desperately wanted to do what it was told. “And what if Mm…Moriarty suddenly shows up?”
“It’s not!” John said and for just a moment, there was harsh steel in his voice. He immediately gentled it, but it had been there, nevertheless. “It’s not fine, not now nor ever. Do you understand me, love? I will not be reduced to less than human or a thing, but I won’t have you reduced to a shell of yourself, either. Or possibly just die in the attempt.”
John does his best to try and explain what Mycroft has told him about the courtship and its requirements.
But it meant that while he was capable of fighting, and at an estimate both quite good at it and quite used to it, he would’ve had to curb some of that inner brutality that came so easily to a certain type of Alpha. Not enough, possibly, but enough so that he wouldn’t lunge immediately and would be likely to use techniques that John had learned, too. There would be time to work out a better strategy, as well, all of which he could use to his advantage.
“Just because you’ve mostly got control of something you’ve been struggling with, it doesn’t mean it’s incapable of rearing up and if not taking control, then at least causing havoc when it senses an opening of any sort, after all.
He put it in my hand and then…well, he collapsed. Don’t think he had the presence of mind then to think of taking it back.”
In any case, his priority should be to protect himself. To keep running and not stop until he found something or somewhere that could keep him safe.
It might be that he had deliberately tried to avoid having to think about or deal with his dragon over the years but that didn’t entail he was entirely ignorant of its behaviour or way of thinking. That was, after all, part of the reason he’d attempted to avoid it as much as he possibly could after…
Sherlock complied without a further word, though a bit of tension left him a moment after the arm went around his waist. They watched in unison as the claw turned back into a normal human finger, albeit a rather long one, just as slowly as it had become a claw.
A quick learner, then, even if she couldn’t keep all reactions in check. Which included making a noise as the grip on the gland was tightened further.
John paused as he looked back up at Sherlock. An odd, indefinable expression crossed his face. Then he ducked his head again.
The question was asked with complete and direct sincerity as only a child can but also trepidation and a bit of defeat. As though she had been given the promise of something that she hadn’t known she wanted until now, only to have it snatched away from her almost in the same breath, or at the very least, it had been bogged down by so many caveats that the effect was the same.
Well, of course he would, this was a London street. To say that it was something odd didn’t do much to narrow it, either.
This…this hadn’t been that. At all. It had been…well, he might have said that it had been raw, something which he’d never experienced with the manipulations before – and he’d spent some time brooding over them when he’d worked out that he had been had. This, however, this had been…unpolished. The pleading and the words on their own didn’t count for a lot in the setting but the fact that he’d been so…disorganised and, well, off in comparison with his normal modus operandi.
John swore under his breath as he glared at the people. He let go of Sherlock’s arm, only to grab the hand he wasn’t holding the violin in and pull at him.
Well, that was a point, wasn’t it? Was it, though? Was Sherlock aware of what he was implying? Yeah, of course he was. He’d said as much before they’d even gotten into the bedroom, hadn’t he? Something to that effect, at least.
It was more than a little hoarse and just slightly wobbly as it began but for all, it was not a bad voice. He unquestionably had something there that could likely be honed into something brilliant with practice and guidance.
It might help acclimatise her when they moved her back to Baker Street. Or it might make the transition even harder for her. But regardless, it would be the right thing to do.
He brought his free hand up to carefully feel at his neck, mindful of the head resting close by, and couldn’t feel anything that he thought would be a clear indicator, such as bite marks or claw scratches. Apart from the ones he’d already gotten, of course. Another tick in the box for relief.
“Experience?” Sherlock asked, sounding as though he just realised that he’d stepped into a touchy subject area.
“You’re far more coherent now than you’ve been since…well, since you went comatose on me. Surely that’s an argument that you’re no longer dangerous to me. Your…your appendages have disappeared, too, so whatever was preventing that is gone, as well. That’s another tick, right?”
And this was a worry, wasn’t it? Something that went beyond this point in time. A concern that John wouldn’t accept who he was,
It was an important point to make, he felt, a very important one. John may be right, that he didn’t touch others, really, but so what? It wasn’t as though there was any need for him to or use for it, except perhaps when he was on a case, and besides, he didn’t want to touch anybody else, just John. What was so wrong with that?
After all, it wasn’t necessarily the most lurid or horrible evidence that was needed to bring something down. Sometimes it was the much more mundane but apparently more damning evidence such as that which did the trick. That was more often the case than it wasn’t, he suspected.
Sherlock couldn’t help himself, despite what he’d thought earlier, despite how he’d intended to behave in front of his menace; he smiled and smiled broadly at that, teeth peeking through between his lips and the skin crinkling around his eyes, he could feel it. Insofar as it was possible to feel something like that, of course, when you were…well…
“I…I don’t…” The eyebrows knitted together again in incomprehension and confusion and the hands came up to press against the eyes. “I…”
“John…” Sherlock whispered. He seemed to want to say something else but didn’t know how to phrase it. In other circumstances, there might have been something amusing to the notion of Sherlock Holmes, of all people, verbose almost to a fault, had trouble expressing himself. It wasn’t amusing right now, really.
“Do you understand me, Sherlock? If you ever so much as attempt to try something in bed when I’ve said stop or haven’t given consent, then I will knock your bleeding lights out for a start.”
Perhaps he had left it too late, remained passive too long and John might not wish to deepen a relationship where he had to do all the work.
It wasn’t that he was suspicious Mycroft and his staff hadn’t done their job or done it properly. He knew they had.
Even so, he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was. It felt good, however, in a way that was soothing and reassuring. That should probably alarm him but when he probed it, it yielded easily then flowed back, unthreatening and unwilling, it seemed, to push further against him until he was on the backfoot.
“Thank you,” he said. It might be that he’d said it before, but that didn’t make it less true or less important to get across.
Sherlock nodded along. Then he got up, still with his hand halfway down his inside coat pocket. Only once upright did he pull what he held the rest of the way out, showing the Beta.
And it wasn’t as though he didn’t have reason to be so, was it? No matter what Mycroft said, the fact of the matter was that Sherlock had hurt John, both physically and mentally, despite all of his attempts to protect him. He’d hurt his brother, too, but that was a different issue, both of them being dragons.
Still…there was at least something comforting in the thought that even Mycroft couldn’t quite escape well-wishers at this time of year, however two-faced and wily they might be. Or, if they were to truly get under his brother’s skin, they would be entirely genuine and cheery.
After all, that was his job, wasn’t it? Looking after Sherlock Holmes and making sure he was alright, whatever that might take? That hadn’t really changed just because he happened to have discovered the bugger was more impossible than he could have ever guessed, had it?
Something clicked for him, then; that had been the flare of jealousy, yes, but it hadn’t been one of possession. It might seem a small, insignificant distinction but it was anything but; the jealousy was that of a rival romantic interest rather than that of a dragon.
He was cut off at that and quite effectively so, at that. Even the most eloquent – though that had been so far from eloquent that it almost reached Lestrade levels, even if not quite Anderson levels – would struggle to be understood when their lips wasn’t just covered but outright caught, with no demand for a ransom.
Sherlock was the person here, not the serpent. He might not be a man except in appearance, but he was no lower being, no beast. He was a person, through and through, and the dragon would not take that away from him, not now nor ever, neither that nor anything else. If it had wanted to be part of him, properly, that was, that was one thing, and yes, so he ought to have acknowledged it earlier in his life rather than try to suppress it, that was true. But at the same time, it had never played…and that wasn’t even the point.
For him to outright threaten their unborn children as brazenly, for him, as that, that was something else, entirely, and the Alpha instincts rose on their own, despite his efforts.
With that, he turned and had a look at the contents of their fridge. It was a depressingly quick look. He remembered that he hadn’t been down to the shops since before the case began, or if he had, it had been a quick stop to Tesco’s for absolute essentials.
“Sorry about that,” John said from being him, sounding sincerely contrite. Sherlock turned a little to look at him, one half of the coat still in his hands. “I know how much that means to you and we tried to find another way around it, we really did. But the only way to help was to get to your wounds and we couldn’t get to them with your coat on. But when your wings wouldn’t disappear due to what was in your wounds, then – “
The Alpha thanked his ability to keep a calm face himself right then and there because he knew his face wanted to light up with slight surprise, delight and pride at John’s phrasing. None of which were technically untrue, even if they left things up to interpretation just a little. Perhaps more than a little.
That thought, and the implicit trust that lay in it, surprised him mostly in that it didn’t surprise him. Sherlock was still Sherlock; the words exchanged between them and his general behaviour hadn’t changed at all.
Sherlock turned his attention fully on his mate, then, despite the continued danger he really ought to be looking out for. His mate and their daughter.
here. Between you. If you’re going to talk about me as though I’m not here, I’d at least like an in-flight magazine.”
The man tried to protest at that, but the doctor insisted, smiling as he did so. He also mentioned that it would help his body to heal. There was the hint of steel to his voice that was difficult to ignore.
Concentrating and pushing aside all the other things for just a moment, he focused on the dragon’s eye and the rest of what he could feel emanating from it, both –
No, probably not, all things considered. He, Sherlock, was in far deeper in all of this than John ever would be, after all, for good reason.
Even if he couldn’t fly, couldn’t use aerial surveillance to locate him, there was not only the surveillance that Mycroft could provide, if he felt inclined to help his baby brother rather than an ex-RAMC officer and the odds of that were not in the doctor’s favour. There was also just the simple fact that this was Sherlock Holmes he was dealing with. Even if that wasn’t the case, if the person had given way to the instincts completely, there was likely other ways available to dragons.
At the last word, it almost became too much for him, though he seemed to make a hard effort and got it under control.
Moriarty, on the other hand, was on another level compared to the younger Holmes and had been for as long as Sherlock had known him or known of him. There were no strings in that man to connect back to a caring, empathic human being, not even the thinnest, most strenuous of ones.
“I would’ve thought you would realise that this issue isn’t entirely rooted in the machinations of Moriarty, though he will pay dearly for what he has wrought.” The last part of the sentence did somehow drip, though with metaphorical liquid fire rather than venom.
Casting a brief glance behind him, Mycroft let go of John’s hand. He didn’t step back before he’d uttered one more thing, however, in the same whisper that was only just about audible.
Their gate was, quite understandably, not a main one at all. This wasn’t Heathrow, of course, not even close, but even so, they couldn’t be blocking a gate that was normally widely used.
He would like John’s memory of him to be positive, at least, sappy and sentimental though that sounded. Wasn’t he allowed a bit of sentimentality this once?
"Not eating for three yet,” John said as he swallowed another bite himself. “If I eat this lot, I’m only going to end up with a stuffed stomach and trouble down the road. Go on, two slices won’t hurt you.”
Given that it was the berk who dropped in at the flat earlier – which it had to be, not only because of the glimpse he thought he’d had but the fact that he’d just been around, as it were, and therefore might still be in the area, for whatever reason – he at least had an idea of how he might behave.
The Frenchman stood between them, his gaze going back and forth, back and forth, before he came to a decision – one which he very much wanted to emphasise to Sherlock and John was a difficult decision for him to make – and made a dash for the front door, which was still open.
For crying out loud, Sherlock had specifically taken things for his hoard that had far more appeal for John than it would for the consulting detective, and the doctor had, after a while, begun to source things to add to the hoard, even if he wasn’t aware that that was what he was effectively doing.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice, shifted from anger to worry, sounded oddly faint given how close he was. “Sherlock, what’s going on?”
And this was anything but the time for him to think about such things, let alone to any kind of more complex consideration!
Now, though…he was still happy, in the pure sense that something he’d hoped for was happening, but it was…it felt wrong. It didn’t feel as though Sherlock was kissing him. Rather, it felt as though he was trying to establish an anchor, attach himself so firmly to the other that there was no risk that he’d detach and be cast loose again.
“Good,” Sherlock interrupted, yet again. “That way, it might be slightly easier to trace who gave you the phone in the first place.”
The brunet shook his head. “You swear but that’s roughly the extent of it.” He paused and wet his lips, looking both excited and a little bit out of his depth, which was sweet and also, surprisingly, a little stimulating.  “And you certainly haven’t ever said any of those words in relation to
He could hear the dragon as it roared its frustration and its sheer fury, its defeat, into the surroundings. There might’ve been words in that roar but if there was, they were quite unintelligible to him. Neither did they really matter. There was nothing that it could say or do that would sway him. As for the rest, they didn’t matter.
I've done my best to get a coherent chapter out of this, I hope it's alright and...yeah...I think we're 'lucky' there's a chapter at all, honestly. I am sorry it's taking this long, though.
“No,” John replied, shaking his head ever so slightly. He was smiling, though. “Got to be both of us, if it’s going to be any of us. What we both want, that’s how it works, not exclusively one or the other.”
It probably was, given the person he was talking to, but it sent a sliver of cold down John’s spine. Though right now it was working to his benefit, it was hard not to imagine what that kind of power and contacts could cost you if you put a foot wrong.
Soon enough, though, he willed himself to push forward and to actually speed up as best he could. Whatever awaited him, he would go there and find out. He wouldn’t retreat into his mind forever and if he could – but that was just it, wasn’t it? How could he ever hope to convince John, he’d asked himself, and the answer had been staring him in the face.
Over the centuries, however, something had changed, and the human was no longer merely a skin for the dragon to slip into to remain undetected amongst the cattle. It had come to be as much a part of the dragon as the wyvern part itself, if not more so.
He reached out his free hand towards the unmoving mass in front of him. It wasn’t the snout or anywhere else on the head he reached for, however, even though that would probably make the most apparent sense from an outsider’s perspective.
Losing Sherlock would mean losing a central part of himself, as selfish as that undoubtedly sounded.
The jade seemed rather on the nose but then, he supposed given its newness, perhaps he hadn’t been in the best frame of mind when –
Oh, what had he ever done to deserve John Watson? Well, short answer, he didn’t deserve him but he could damn well do his best to try to make himself worthy. Starting with…not so much banishing the dragon, not this time.
“Precisely,” Sherlock replied, pride once again blooming within him at John’s skill at cottoning onto what he meant so fast and normally so well, too.
Confronting him with it, though…even if he was aware, which John wasn’t entirely sure he was, then it would probably lead to another argument and he’d meant it when he’d said he didn’t have the energy for it. It could wait.
John managed to pull himself together. The look he shot the other was close to a glare. “Only for the fact that, oh, nngh, that’s not – stop! – that we don’t have any damn lube at hand, and I am not using hand cream or lotion or conditioner or whatever else might be close by. However posh or expensive it is.”
All the while he was arguing with himself, Sherlock was aware of Moriarty. He couldn’t see him or his face clearly, but he could feel him behind him, yet to make any real move, and he had a fairly good idea, insofar as that was possible, of what the man was thinking.
One which it seemed he hadn’t come out of for at least twenty-four hours, if not...no, it was most definitely longer than that. He had slept for that amount of time before, as deeply as it seemed he had now, and his body felt more relaxed than he would after an experience such as that. More…at ease, odd as he found that to say.
Even without that, though, he wasn’t exactly certain how he was meant to handle it. For one, he didn’t know what Sherlock meant by coming out to meet him at the door like this rather than staying up in the flat, when he clearly wasn’t dressed for being outside. The stockinged feet and the lack of any outerwear were evidence enough of that.
However, the coincidences were just a tad too great for it to have been an Alpha fitting the Irishman’s description that had just happened to have picked this house to visit and assault the occupants.
That wasn’t the reason he’d failed to return it in the time since he’d stolen it over a week earlier, though it was the reason he told himself the times he’d felt a stab of…of something at the thought.
Sherlock had no idea whether every dragon struggled with their inner self on some level or at some crucial point in their life. No idea even whether they had to go through a version of this whole issue, though he doubted it. Not all of them.
Keeping a hand on the back of her head and neck, to steady her in more ways than one, he looked about him, fearing what he would see. Or what he wouldn’t.
When he did resurface, though, he quickly closed the, thankfully small, distance John had just recreated between their faces to plant an answering kiss on the doctor’s lips.
In fact, he could instead recall the thought that it was okay if Sherlock never used endearments of any kind, that some people do, and some people don’t, and both ought to be respected.
There were plenty of opportunities to mess things up yet, there was no need to actively create them.
“He was clearheaded and sane enough to know exactly how to blow his victims to smithereens. Even if he had someone to actually rig it, he would have to know about it, because they’d be in his thrall or possession or whatever. He’d use what would be harmful to both of us.”
It wasn’t what Sherlock had expected to be asked. At all. He turned his head, fast enough that there ought to have been a snap, to look at the other.
Sherlock probably could’ve resisted, if he’d wanted to, but he went willingly enough, and didn’t try to get back up once they were both mostly horizontal.
I have pulled somewhat from my own experiences of waking from an induced coma and my prognosis and issues, so there's some precedent, at least. For the rest, I hope it's been believable enough, even if it's not exactly a light, easy path in front of her. I hope you'll forgive me.
He was proven right when he walked past the nurse to the door and the man moved, almost instinctively, aside to let him through. Sherlock followed, silently, slipping past the man and closing the door behind them.
A muscle quirked in John’s lip despite himself. Only Sherlock would pair ‘plain’ and ‘pandemonium’ like that, though the latter was quite…fanciful for the man, too.
Oddly enough, however, there didn’t seem to be a reaction this time, not one way or the other. Moriarty had been aiming for one, that much was evident, and you could, if you looked closely at the right moment, like Sherlock did right now, see the anger and annoyance flash across the other’s face.
A sense of defiance rose in him at that thought. No, of course he bloody well wasn’t. He’d been to war; he’d survived that and a harem and everything else. That didn’t change just because he hadn’t as clear an idea, if any real idea at all, of who he was now.
Sherlock would have to admit, though it couldn’t be said to be with any reluctance on his part, that he’d created a very beautiful tune for John the year before. Of course, he’d known that at the time but it was still something to hear it played by someone, something else, a year on and find it just as good as he had at the time. Just as beautiful and as fitting for John and his feelings for him.
He only just had time to register triumph that he had managed it successfully before he felt a hard yank on his arm, forceful enough to disrupt his balance and send him stumbling.
As he did take a moment, his hand hovering in an outstretched position though he didn’t try to grab at the gold again, he noticed something which he really ought to have caught immediately; the eyes which he’d seen those emotions in had…changed, or rather, flashed, much like Moriarty’s had. In fact, exactly like Moriarty’s had, the only real difference being that the colour the eyes had flashed was the blue-tinted white, very much like those of his brother’s, except one was green and the other blue.
One thing needed to be asked first, however. “But you said it’s already been started. If it’s in the process already, does it really make a difference whether we complete this part of it or not? Or how we complete it?”
“It was, given that we’ve had to work together that much and that closely in order to make sure you’re even here, body and mind, and not – “
It felt oddly and yet appropriately like their first case together, laughing about something inappropriate in the circumstances but managing to bond over it; in its own way, this was a new start, wasn’t it? Sure, a lot of things would stay likely the same, but the fundamental relationship had changed and thankfully for the better.
The Omega startled a little at the gesture, clearly not expecting the action. He didn’t move away, though, and so Sherlock moved down to kiss between his brows, the tip of his nose, bypassing the mouth to kiss his chin.
John, for his part, had the kind of sneaking suspicion about what Mycroft meant creeping up on him that ran fast towards him but hid in bushes and behind walls whenever he tried to get a more solid fix on it.
He wished he could hear them in there or perhaps at least clearly scent them, but the ultrasound image was sadly all he had to help him visualise the pair of them.
Even now, he could close his eyes and inhale and it’d be her scent that he could smell and nothing else. That scent wouldn’t be gone, however old she got, at least not to him as her birthparent. He’d recognise her on that alone if needed.
But still…was there some truth to that? Had Mycroft been – no, of course he had! It was ludicrous to even entertain the notion that he hadn’t been telling the truth. Why wouldn’t he? Even if he didn’t care about John, even if Moriarty was right and it was wrong to put your trust in dragons, which he didn’t believe, there was still Sherlock.
“John, you’re not to blame for this.” He tightened the grip on his hands. “None of it. If it’s anyone’s fault, it’s mine. I will not have you blaming yourself for something that only got started because of me.”
John held up his own hand as he caught the other’s gaze, noting in the back of his mind that Mycroft didn’t have the dragon eyes and taking some comfort in that.
Then, before he quite knew what he was doing, he leaned forward a little further and kissed his friend. Not on the lips, and not just because with the position his head was it would be difficult to kiss them properly. He didn’t quite dare go that far, even when acting without his brain being involved, and so he instead kissed him on the cheek, right where his fingers had been.
“And how do you know that that will last?” he asked. The question didn’t come out challenging or menacing or anything remotely similar. Instead, it came out quiet and flat, an honest question even as the answer was foregone.
They seemed to see right through him without comprehending him at all. Cupid bow lips were pulled back just slightly, so the sharpness of the teeth was visible.
He wished he could wholeheartedly and immediately dismiss that thought as untrue. As he couldn’t entirely manage that, he settled for telling his mind to shut up, again, hoping that it would.
He stopped, clenched his teeth and brought the heel of his palms up to press against his closed eyes. Harsh, slightly ragged breaths were audible.
The fact that halfway slumped across her lower body lay another body, staring directly towards them, face contorted and arm outstretched, did nothing to help matters.
Sherlock’s brain threatened another short-circuiting at that realisation, but he managed to stave it off, somehow or other.
The point was that he wouldn’t make it easy, but he wasn’t exactly going underground, either. They would have to work for it but at the same time, they wouldn’t be left completely in the dark.
Not that he believed they’d done a bad job, because he knew with certainty that they’d done an excellent one, on all fronts.
“Look, is there any reason that you’re calling me, at all or specifically now? Because if there is, and I don’t think – no, actually, I don’t care whether there’s a reason you’re calling or not. Piss off and leave us alone.”
And what happened when somebody threw him for a loop in a life and death situation? Just say woops, that was too bad, thanks for the life I’ve had, you can’t be alert constantly, can you?
His heart clenching hard on him, even though he knew, or at least was as certain as he could be in the circumstances, that he was doing the right thing, John leaned down and kissed a forehead softly. Lovingly.
Cleaned up and brought up to him, by Ben and another guy who’d left them about half a year later, that scent had only gotten stronger. Some people called it the ‘smell of baby’ but that wasn’t quite right. It was connected to that but not the same thing.
Some might question why he hadn’t chosen something simpler or at least saved such a significant, perfect ring for the wedding ring rather than the generally less important, less permanent engagement ring. But provided that it all went well – of course it would go well, why did he have to keep adding qualifiers and other indicators of doubt in all the time? As though he wasn’t sure of it – he wanted them to choose their wedding rings together.
The doubts, fears and utter panic over what to do and how it’d be received hadn’t disappeared either, and he didn’t think they would. Not even if he didn’t go through with it at any point, ever, unfortunately.
Normally, it was locked away so nobody would feel the need or desire to mess with it and thereby him. It was one of the very few things he’d asked Mycroft for help with, and his brother had given it without question, ensuring nobody could break open its box.
He couldn’t change who or what he was or what that consequently entailed. Hence why they were here in the first place rather than at their usual downtime activities, arguing not included, or even snuggled together on this very bed after a round of John teaching about the more physical aspects of a romantic relationship.
Honestly, though, he would rather not have a brain like Sherlock’s, with all the problems the man had as a result of it. Dragon. Man.
He held his foot aloft – John could tell from the slight bending of his knee, accentuated by the folds of expensive fabric – for a little longer, just keeping eye contact, that same smile playing around his lips like a baby shark in a school of fish.
You cannot be alert constantly, after all, and it would be immensely stupid of him if he tried to be, on this leg in particular.
It definitely didn’t seem to warrant the way John put it down on the bed in front of the still mostly recumbent Sherlock, careful and with almost a reverence. As though it was something of great worth and importance.
“I wouldn’t…do that.” The eyes flashed again, seemingly not voluntarily, as they widened at the same time, even as they were still glued to the small lumps glinting dully in the growing light. It didn’t exactly lend confidence in his statement, though.
And he would never find out that the Omega in question, whose name was Miles, would continue to be smitten and would in actual fact end up holding a small torch for the blond, snub-nosed, attractive Omega with, to Miles, the aura of what an Alpha should be. Even when he did find a bond mate of his own a few years down the road and was quite happy, it didn’t entirely extinguish.
He didn’t even care that he was going around in circles a little or that the dragon might realise what he was doing.
To be honest, he would be better off if he talked to John about at least the majority of it, however, if he didn’t want to end up having his own plan foiled by John’s unquestionably considerate and sweet idea.
All of this didn’t mean that he wasn’t angry, of course. The fact that he knew what was going on and why, at least up to a point and to a degree, had no influence on the fact that John was bloody furious with the shit stain knotweed that had
“Yes. But that’s about it, isn’t it? All the real difference, none of it something I have an issue with. Not anymore. At least that’s all the difference there is for me, as far as I can see. I don’t know, there might be something else to it for you, seeing as you’re the dragon in this relationship.”
Except, he didn’t outline anything. Instead, there was another pause, this one rather more pregnant than the previous one.
It was meant as a small joke, to relieve tension more than anything else. Alright, perhaps also to be a little bit self-deprecating, if he were being entirely honest, but what could you do?
With that in mind, he ought to be able to handle things at this stage. Especially given what they were about to do.
Of course, he had worth in himself, not just in what he was to John, but it said such a lot about him, didn’t it? It spoke of a good reason to love him if you needed one.
“Can you…can you feel if you’re touched?” he then asked as the possibility that she couldn’t occurred to him. “Like this?”
As those thoughts and deductions raced through his mind, his instincts chimed in with their own points, which didn’t take much, if any of what he deduced into account, running almost purely on the initial emotional response.
Sherlock had promised he wouldn’t be pestering the doctor all New Year’s. Mostly without any prompting, either.
It was meant to be charming and perhaps it was to the right type of person but to John, all it registered as was impertinent haughtiness that had in no way been earned. Expecting a level of not just deference or respect but catering to on the mere grounds he was an Omega.
He only got pulled out of his head and became aware that John was attacking him when he realised that he was also trying to speak to him. To get his attention, and it wasn’t with anger in his voice. Well, not purely anger. More the one he had when he was masking shock and hurt.
That said, the fact that the body beneath him was still limp and unresponsive, in a way that went way past what would be normal for somebody sleeping and into the realm of the drugged or comatose.
Whatever it was, John could do with some air. Just for maybe half an hour, to see some people, get a bit reacquainted with what life outside the walls were. Simply
Almost without his conscious decision, he felt his eyes roam over that body, the hands-on knowledge of what exactly was under those tight clothes only serving to enhance the experience.
In fact, he got the distinct impression that her voyages on the sea of experience had gone rather further than twice around the lighthouse.
It would have to be enough, him playing his way through the entirety of the song, guitar parts and all, and then he could escape.
He smiled at Sherlock then leaned up to kiss him on the cheek. The Alpha turned his head and made it a kiss on the lips instead, but it wasn’t as though John was going to complain.
There didn’t even need to be any ulterior motive to it or any need for it to move beyond that, as the case may be. Just the cuddling was more than enough to have Sherlock content for a surprisingly long time.
But that wasn’t going to make him back down, though, as it, when he thought about it, didn’t explain a whole lot, if anything. Implied, yes, explained, not really.
The Alpha stiffened at that and so did the Omega when he realised what he’d said. Gingerly, Sherlock slid an arm around John’s shoulder and was allowed to pull him, so his head rested close to the comforting scent emanating from his scent gland.
What they did get out of him was that the duo of Alphas had taken their daughter from them; the smaller had plucked her neatly from his arms while the taller had punched him in the face, the wife falling to the floor as he moved.
A shiver ran through him, but it was an almost perfunctory one, born of nearness to a body he’d been admiring for so long rather than a present desire to jump the body in question. Granted, yes, he wanted him, quite strongly, but not now and not before Sherlock felt comfortable with it.
What struck Sherlock in the circumstances, though, even as he tried to keep everything else under control, was that the tension didn’t fully settle in the shorter man until Moriarty’s gaze shifted to John’s throat.
As he pressed his nose into the Omega’s scent gland, his instincts rose again to urge him to lick over the mark he’d made, the visible reminder that John had become his, perhaps worry it just a little to bring it out clearly again so that there’d be no way to hide it. Not only that, they wanted very much for him to track that berk of an Alpha and rip him apart for daring to send John into this state.
The reason it hurt, however, was more or less the same reason he felt some relief at the reaction. That he’d be horrified, or at the very least shocked and aghast, at such an action as
There was a part of him, an admittedly large part, that wanted to forget the whole thing, wash away the ink and never call or text John. To pretend that he’d not had the time to write or had plain forgotten, and indirectly tell John that he could find someone else to do this with.
The moment he did could be the moment Moriarty did something horrible. To John or Tessa, or to the twins. He could not afford to risk that.
“It is if it’s vital – “Sherlock began. Despite the vehemence in his words, the expression on his face told a different story and the moistness of his eyes clinched it for John on not listening to what he said.
“Sort of. Not – oh. No, not because I have another kid somewhere that I got to experience grow up or anything. I’m not…well, I suppose I am that old, but I haven’t. But my sister’s wife, she had a kid with an Alpha who up and left after her Heat was over and I was there for some of his life, before…but a lot of all of that is just simply knowing about kids, love. You don’t need to read up on that or have any particular experience to know that.”
Being pushed along for a step or two, Sherlock thought about resisting. There was an instinct, one which had nothing to do with the dragon and everything to do with him, even if he had failed to acknowledge it consciously for far too long, to protect John, to make sure that he wouldn’t be seriously harmed.
The verse ended and Sherlock was supposed to come back in on the violin. It was a wonder that he managed it with barely a glitch, as he’d become much more absorbed in watching John perform than keeping track of when he was supposed to play again.
He couldn’t remember the doctor’s precise words as to why he hadn’t taken it, if he’d even given any explanation, but he must have changed his mind at some later point, mustn’t he? After all, he had the watch now, and Sherlock seemed to, albeit vaguely and somewhat unreliably, recall that he had pressed the watch into John’s hand, insisting on giving it back.
The impression was aided by Sherlock more or less pushing his face into the crook of John’s neck breathing deeply as he did so, the tension leaking out of his body fast.
“Oh, get with the program, Sherly, OF COURSE they aren’t!” The rise in volume in the voice was as sudden and, at least to John but also just slightly to Sherlock, unexpected as before.
And that pushed it firmly beyond odd and well into weird, not to mention just a little unsettlingly creepy.
Nor did Sherlock believe for a minute that the Beta didn’t know the identity of his intruder. The wife had greeted them at the door, for crying out loud, not to mention spent a few minutes talking to them as well.
It was just as well that Sherlock was the one on the phone and not John. He felt distinctly certain he’d have done much worse than the brunet. After all, all Sherlock did was to icily tell the woman a few home truths. More or less.
John instinctively recoiled, though his movements were still limited, given the circumstances; he could feel three sets of claws against the soft tissue of his throat and cheeks.
He stopped where he was, in the middle of a pavement on a road he didn’t recognise. How had he gotten here? He couldn’t recall, caught up in his thoughts as he’d been.
In the context of family, of pack, for lack of a better term, it was imperative not only that the Alpha could scent a child was theirs if they were of any doubt, so that, in more primitive evolutionary times, they wouldn’t kill the offspring, but that the children and Omegas could scent each other and the children would know that here was safety, here was home, instinctively. It was a sort of bond, even if there were no broken scent glands.
The word came out as a hissing snarl, the baritone voice almost unrecognisable with the growl still present as an undertone.
On the other hand, he did say, although somewhat aborted, that he had something to do, or at least, that was what was implied by ‘talk to you later’ in conjunction with the aborted sentence. Perhaps he had to be somewhere else again? Out with friends after dinner?
Wanted her to choose them, really, although such a choice was almost impossible. Not as impossible as that between her adoptive mother and her biological one, obviously, but still evidently very difficult indeed.
Given Mycroft’s whole attitude right now, it would be reasonable to assume that what he meant was the latter.
John swallowed suddenly, the thought of all that lay before them, not to mention that which had gone before, rising back up to the top of his mind.
Sure enough, she turned back to the blackboard almost immediately, droning on about something or other.
The doctor looked away, turning his head, too. “I wish I could say that I was surprised by that, but I suppose in the grand scheme of things, collecting people as part of your hoard to play politics is a whole lot less unsettling than collecting corpses for the same purposes.” It didn’t take a genius to work out who he was referring to.
“Aw, is he not tackling it well? Tut, tut. And here I thought you might bring him along, too. We did so get along. Such a shame.”
I? You’re my friend, Sherlock, of course I want to spend time with you, regardless of whether we’ve got something to do or not.  I just told you I’ve enjoyed the friendship, too, why on earth wouldn’t I want to continue this? I genuinely like being around you, you great berk.”
A little stunned at the reaction, Sherlock found himself walking over to the coffee table and sitting down before his brain had a chance to catch up. To remove the coat, though…
They were part of his hoard, and so for his brain to pick those out of all possible objects made a whole lot of sense.
He told her they couldn’t because that would be rude. They had guests, after all, and they had been neglecting them for long enough as it was.
The moment their noses touched that most concentrated area of their scents, somewhat mingled now that they were bonded but still detectable as their own unique smell, the calm he’d felt each time he’d pressed his nose there and inhaled returned to him, managing once again to pull him out of the fear and the worry that he’d been sinking into. His thoughts settled down again into a manageable pace rather than the jumbled mess they had been, and he no longer felt on edge.
Technically, so was what actually had been what made him feel no longer alone. But that was only because it could only exist here if it came from him, was made up inside his mind. Apart from that, it was entirely its own.
Sherlock felt a desire to assure him that it would be fine, that she’d be as right as rain when they got there but that would be for John’s benefit and furthermore, it’d be lying. He didn’t know whether she would, as there was as much chance, if not greater, that she would’ve suffered permanent damage, either physically or mentally. The pills she had been given had been strong, to say the least, and their effects, as far as they’d been documented, had proven potentially catastrophic.
But he did have a plan now. Something to work towards, even if it was in the broad terms – and that some of Mycroft’s suggestions had been ludicrous, to say the least.
He was going to keep himself in control whatever it took, it seemed, and Sherlock couldn’t only applaud him silently for it. That and love him.
But he had to be practical about it. Had to actually think about his children and think about them first, too.
He walked on for a bit, marched, really, in a direction that was most definitely not towards Baker Street. Quite a long bit, actually, long enough that he had not just made it to the end of the rather lengthy road he’d been on but had also turned a corner, crossed a road and walked down that for a bit before he stopped again.
“I think that Moriarty’s meddling wouldn’t have been quite so successful if he hadn’t chosen to exploit a weak point already present.”
“You are the one who wanted to understand and yet you seem incapable of grasping the crucial and dangerous nature of the situation – “
He didn’t know who the…the biological Alpha to Tessa was and, apart from a part of his instincts insisting that it was crucial to know, he had never cared. What had mattered, what
At that, John did look at him, properly, though there was a tension in him that revealed he was still just a tiny bit wary that he’d be hypnotised and no wonder, after he’d become unsure of how deep down the dragon had actually sunk. The fact that they were this close now in comparison to earlier was a factor, too, he knew.
Was it an odd sort of relief that his eloquence and not just the ability to string sentences together had at least returned to him? Possibly but not that much, all things considered, nor was the fact that he pulled out truthful deductions.
That said…in the last two days, there had also been the growing feeling of resignation that John most often ended up feeling when it came to Sherlock’s behaviour. No, not forgiven but also aware that almost nothing he could say or do would alter it.
Perhaps he should just open the ruddy letter instead of sitting there, speculating. He wasn’t Sherlock, he couldn’t deduce someone’s sad childhood from the way they slanted their e’s.
He paused, seeming to think for a moment. “The point, though, I think, is that there’s still a pair to be. I’ve spent most of the night and morning being worried, being downright terrified, honestly, that either you or I would die today.”
John swallowed, feeling the tips press deeper as he did so. They didn’t stop once the swallow was over, pressing unerringly deeper but still without piercing skin.
John’s lips pursed, more in anger than in thought. “Then fly on your own. If you think you can fly with those injuries, then go on. Go. Or fly or whatever. I’ll meet you back home.”
Not that it was very likely to turn out good at this point. All he was doing right now was delaying the inevitable. But then again, that was always the way, wasn’t it? That was how humans survived from day to day and how they’d hung around for so many generations.
“No? Fancy that. It’s almost as if there’s no set standard on how an Omega looks, apart from what society has created in people’s minds because it’s easier to control them that way. Oh, you hadn’t thought of that, had you? Because you fit inside the norm and are happy to exploit it, probably because so far it hasn’t given you anything but a smoother ride through life.”
Even so, John snorted rather than blushed or otherwise be embarrassed or touched. He couldn’t help it. “Pull the other one, it’s having bells on.”
“I know that!” Sherlock snapped back. “Of course, I know that! Just as I know that I’m being stupid for tensing up and for being scared but that doesn’t mean I can stop it.”
He could be in control when he was awake but if he slept for too long…could it work like that? John honestly had absolutely no idea but at this point, he would hardly be surprised if it could, and he certainly wouldn’t be surprised to learn that Sherlock was afraid of it.
Arms encircled his waist as the blond turned in his chair and somehow, the brunet found himself in the other’s lap, folded up and around the shorter figure as they kissed and just enjoyed the nearness of the other.
A much more important thought was occupied with the fact Sherlock not only remembered the case, which would make sense from a practical standpoint, if he needed to recall some aspect for future use. He also remembered the rather irrelevant fact about the blanket and, much more importantly, that it was their first case together. That, from someone like Sherlock who purposefully deleted what he deemed unimportant, and that was quite big chunks of his life, was quite thoughtful and, well, touching.
And it wasn’t whether or not she’d be punished, he realised with a sickening twist. It was how she would be punished.
No, it wasn’t because it was the right thing to do. At least, it wasn’t the right thing because of societal expectations. It was what he wanted to do, regardless of what the general populace thought of it.
So, even if he got what he said next wrong, too, which he dearly hoped he didn’t, it would be better than allowing both of them but Sherlock in particular to think about it and slam up defences.
“If I do something reprehensible, it doesn’t matter how long it’s been, and if I so much as try, then you should leave.”
John had already clean the seemingly shallow wounds – that had stuck the coat, as well as the jacket and shirt underneath, to the skin. At least, not exclusively. Most of it seemed to be a strange off-white colour with strands of red streaked through it.
He was not an object, he wasn’t an also-ran, he wasn’t a lamp ray clinging onto someone else for validation or sense of identity…well, mostly not the last one, and he hadn’t kept doing it. He was aware of it and so he could work on fixing it…
Because he loved him. Loved him more than he had thought was possible in this world, and if that wasn’t a mindboggling concept for Sherlock Holmes, then…
“John?” he queried, uncertain and hesitant, when he felt the stockier body…not exactly press up against his back but certainly move up behind him.
Even so, that there didn’t seem to be even a token effort of movement from her was…worrying, and Sherlock mentally braced himself.
No matter. They would deal with all of them in due time and sort them out properly. Together. Regardless of how many of them there would be at that time.
But whatever the case, they couldn’t afford to have things of potential danger lying around for enquiring little minds to find.
A cat playing with its prey. Only, it had miscalculated what the threat was. Where the threat was. It would pay for that, come the finish, one way or another.
“You thought that if I couldn’t,” Sherlock interrupted, voice tight, “then it would’ve been only a matter of time before I lost control anyway and at least like this, you’d be somewhat mentally prepared for it, so you could escape.”
The ‘reasoning’, such as it was, behind the absurd dismissal went thusly; though he did resemble the picture on the ID, the clerk claimed that it was a passing resemblance at best, with the slightly sneering implication that John’s features were unremarkable enough to be mistaken for a number of other people, and was therefore not valid as a means of identification, and certainly not on its own.
His mind was still swimming in the treacle that always surrounds just after you wake up after a really deep sleep and so it took him an embarrassingly long moment to piece together that no, he wasn’t in his own bedroom, but neither was he in a woman’s. There was a lack of scent, for one, of the type he normally associated with – hang on. He knew that – oh.
Had he been kidnapped and forced to write this out by the kidnappers? But he would’ve left some other clue, then, if he’d been given that much time.
Oh, there wouldn’t be one, he assured, watching as the man relaxed a little further, thinking himself saved.
He didn’t get very far, even with the stride of his long legs, before there was a shout behind him, which made a few people turn in their direction, and a hand closed around his upper arm, the fingers digging in and the strength of the grip enough to stop him, lest he wanted to trip.
By now he struggled to make progress through the throng that surrounded him. The upper parts of his mind seeming to get further and further out of reach as he was pulled at by different more or less humanoid shapes in their effort to get a toehold back into his conscious mind. Meanwhile others tugged and yanked at the rope that tethered and controlled the dragon. He hadn’t yet let go but it was taking a greater effort each time to hold on.
So, he continued towards home, thrilling at the word and the knowledge of what that word entailed, his grip on the knife hard enough to make his knuckles whiten.
They had had enough of that already, so now they would move forward from that and would find a way around this.
He watched as John tensed at that and hurried on, “Its own partner, that is, not its possession. Irreversibly, too, which I know is something you don’t want to hear, either, but – “
Is three weeks alright? I've worked really hard to get this out, sorry it's not earlier or longer. Thank you for all the kind feedback you've given me. It still makes the world of difference.
It would still be too early for any proper kicking, and certainly any that anyone other than the mother could feel, but there was still a warmth and a special kind of tightness to the skin underneath which grew not one but two little lives.
I am still beyond touched by all the amazing feedback I've received on this. You, my dearest readers, are the best. I'm sorry I've taken a bit to get this out, RL did a number on me for a month.
I know this is a short chapter after so long a wait but I hope I can be forgiven for that. At least we're going again, eh? In all of this, I'm glad I got this written at all. I'll try not to make promise I can't keep, though.
Sherlock frowned in incomprehension. “Whatever gave you that idea?” he asked, a slight snap in his voice.
“Of course, it’s not fine. Well, it is, but not…” John paused to grimace and run his fingers through his hair. Silence reigned for a moment or two while he struggled to get his words in order.
To call the noise he got then a beleaguered sigh was like calling Moriarty a bit unstable in his behaviour, and part of John couldn’t help but bristle, even though he knew he was being silly.
That it is.” The blond tugged the orange blanket up over them both as Sherlock settled himself back against him. Wine and dessert could wait.
He shut that thought down immediately. Not because he thought he could stop the crush that way, since that would be stupid, but there was no reason to dwell on it. The thought might be right, and more so than he was quite prepared to deal with, but that was just all the more reason not to dwell.
“Goodbye, John, and thank you. For everything.” He tried to put as much sincerity and warmth into his voice as he could and as much affection as he dared.
That noise, he definitely heard, though. Whether he heard the other one, further away and more echoey, was more uncertain. As it was something that sounded to John like…well, great flapping wings, to be honest, he ended up dismissing it altogether after a moment or two of listening for it. Nothing but his imagination playing tricks on him.
“Oh? How do you mean everything? Because there’s a lot more to ‘everything’ than just a rogering, however good it might be.”
“Right,” John said, immediately, in a tight but no-nonsense voice, settling himself back into a more practical mode. “Come on, then.”
“No, it’s fine, Mycroft, thank you,” he repeated and forced himself to employ a calmer, even gentler tone. “Finally got him off to some proper sleep now, I think, best not to move him. He’s…fine. It’s not as much a physical threat this time, it’s…”
…Perhaps a little. He could concede to that. But it certainly wasn’t the main point. The main point was that John could handle such an intruder, whether through words, presence or action.
When they made contact, deceptively but deliberately gently, marking rather than with any real intention of piercing, just yet, the emotions coalesced into one, of possessive, instinctive anger at someone touching what was precious to him. Something attempting to
The expression he saw there only heightened his worry; it seemed as though Mycroft knew what he was seeing, and it was anything but good.
Not – well, yes, he supposed, to a certain extent, that was…but not really. Sherlock still listened mostly to himself.
So, regardless of the courting happening without either of their conscious agreement, regardless of the unpleasant possibility that he would need to claim John to avoid Moriarty staking his own, regardless of the feral behaviour of the dragon, there was a wish for things to progress, for both of them.
for more than the relatively short time they’d spent in the cab. So, he had to make sure he got some food inside him, then straight to bed.
But the fact of the matter was that for all the strength he clearly had as a....not a monster, never a monster, whatever Sherlock himself said. As a mythical being, the strength he had might far exceed that of a human but that didn’t mean there were no limits. With everything that had gone before on top of the exertion he had just put himself through…
Good grief, he was actually…the last time he’d crossed from England to France, or the other way, it didn’t really matter, he’d been going by less than official channels, too, but it had been rather less glamorous than a plane that would be only for two.
Possibly. This was still only supposition on both their parts, whatever Sherlock might say, and there was the risk from both of them that they were slanting it towards something more negative to make it more acceptable to remove her.
If Mycroft, who made a point of ignoring such things unless they were detrimental to his job, was aware of it, it shouldn’t be much of a surprise that Sherlock’s instinct was to protect John at all costs. He was precious to him, after all.
“So, you’re saying that I can just walk around with a long knife in my belt clearly visible and nobody will as much as bat an eye?” John asked, crossing his arms and raising an eyebrow, but at the same time also smiling slightly.
It wasn’t that he hadn’t said ‘I love you’ back. Even if he did love him, which was a can of worms he wasn’t about to reopen right now, to hear him say it back, especially straight afterwards seemed…well, it didn’t seem like Sherlock.
Then again, there was an argument to be made that you never truly entered reality, as it was always angled and bent by the addition of ‘your’, wasn’t it? Even the best, most analytical minds have a bit of a filter through which they view the world, one simply called ‘yourself’.
All of that, Moriarty had robbed him of by calling him like this, just as he’d robbed him of his future. His best friend. His love. His personhood.
Provided, of course, that he was and hadn’t something else planned, and with the look in his eye, it seemed as though he had.
There was just the smallest of hesitations before the words came but John heard it and it made the words themselves seem just that little less believable.
He reached out, slowly, giving the other time to register the movement and pull away, and put a hand on John’s shoulder. It wasn’t anywhere too close, too friendly that would be harder to explain – even though he found a small but nevertheless fervent, not to mention growing, part of himself wishing to touch those places, such as his hand or his cheek – and it would be easy to remove again, if it was unwanted.
“I always thought that it’d be a limited time,” he began, shifting his gaze just enough that he couldn’t see any of John. He could feel him beside him but couldn’t see him, and it helped. “Knew it, really. That I’d only get to spend whatever time we used for practising with you. You have your own life, full of things and hobbies and people, and they take time, too. Why should there be more time for…for the practice than for any of the other things?”
If it came down to it, though, he knew that neither he nor John would be in any danger. The man was neither clever nor strong and though desperate people could pull off some ingenious or at least dangerous manoeuvres when they were pushed, there wasn’t much he could accomplish from where he sat.
“No, Mycroft said as much, though honestly it makes a lot of sense on its…Anyway, he said that even trying to jolt your memory about dragon courting and how their courting claims worked before he left hadn’t seemed to make any difference at all. Which was part of the reason he’s uncertain whether it’ll work this time, either.”
It wasn’t Sherlock she looked at, either, other than in a brief, assessing look and a nod. Placing him within the context of the room and the situation and setting that box aside.
But this wasn’t really about Sherlock. Sort of but not truly. Even if he did hear, the previous thoughts about his reactions still applied. That wasn’t the point. The point was that John wanted, perhaps needed to say it. That he wanted Sherlock to know without a doubt, subconsciously or by Mycroft telling him afterwards, that he, John H. Watson, loved him.
John took it and skimmed over the papers, noting just how few occurrences there were of the Greek letter A entwined with the Venus symbol. There were certainly far more than there were of the Omega symbol entwined with either the Mars or the Venus symbol, which were only a total of four, but the bulk of the people on the list was made up of male Alphas and Betas.
Strangely, though, he somehow felt a slight bit better about things. He couldn’t say why, as really, there was no reason to, but nevertheless, it was there.
He found himself encircled by arms that were wrapped tightly around him where he sat, his nose pushed down and one of his own hands pressed into the curve of a belly.
If the thought that he had spent a lot of time practising pleased John, though, he certainly wasn’t going to abuse him of the notion, now was he?
The Alpha had then made the point that unless they had the entire bank under surveillance or control, both of which sounded entirely too mainstream and
Sherlock let the smile fall and asked, as quietly and gently as he could, whether they could help him. He wanted to ask what had happened, but not only could he work out a good deal of that without needing to ask, it would likely be a bad idea or at least not a good one.
What he found rather curious was that not long after he’d purchased something, Sherlock would find it. That wasn’t the curious part, though, nor was it that it wasn’t chucked. No, what struck him as peculiar was that the few times he’d seen his flatmate spot the thing in question, he’d seemed…well, pleased, was the only way he could describe it, really. Almost gleefully so, actually, which
It seemed so entirely out of character, in so many ways, and yet, there were too many things that fitted for it not to be him.
This conversation? Asking for help, you mean?” he said. Just because Mycroft dealt in hints and things implied didn’t mean John would. He was far too tired, even if he’d been inclined to that kind of thing. “I want a way not to die, Mycroft. I want a, a way out of this that doesn’t see me reduced to another doll on the heap of discarded toys and doesn’t tear Sherlock into shreds, and I’ve said all this already and –“
It certainly seemed as though he was trying to sneak up on John, to gain the advantage and recapture him.
What was going on? Was this some sort of payback for the game they’d played the day before? But that had been Sherlock’s idea as much as his.
Honestly meant a lot coming from, from someone like Mycroft. No, not someone like him. It meant a lot coming from Mycroft specifically.
What mattered was who that gunshot was for and who it hit. He tried to calculate it, but his brain wouldn’t focus, caught as it was in fury and in sheer panicked terror by the noise.
“I’m here, though aren’t I?” he asked instead, trying to ignore the fact that he’d tried to get away not long ago. That was something else entirely.
Again, there was a lot he needed to learn about Sherlock, still, some it probably rather central and crucial, but as far as he’d been able to work out so far, the brunet wasn’t…no, that wasn’t quite right. But he was quite capable of being contrary and at least appearing unconcerned if the mood struck him, John knew that much.
They started walking again, Sherlock in the lead, but with John so close behind that they were almost side by side, despite the former’s longer legs.
All he had to go on was…well, what he’d been provided with by Moriarty, come to think of it. Which was not only unsettling but more than a little puzzling.
"It’s not, so shut up and let me finish!” Sherlock snapped. Fortunately, the only effect was John’s second eyebrow joining the first.
“You’ve thought of at least fifteen other courses, I know you have, and that’s probably lowballing it. But I’m telling you right now, he’s not leaving this room.”
Even though he couldn’t see him, it wasn’t difficult to envision the brown eyes flashing amber at that.
That didn’t mean he could deal with everything, of course, or that he didn’t suffer afterwards, but that was something a bond mate ought to help with.
Now he was travelling by foot, as it wasn’t his intention to go all that far and besides the fact that he didn’t want to spend money on public transport, the thought of being crammed in with many people and their scents, not to mention what had lingered in varying moving metal boxes, with no immediate escape filled him with both horror and nausea.
The name came to him out of the fog that still surrounded much of if not most of his brain. Anything that was meant to be attached to that name was within that shrouding fog.
Apropos finales…he would’ve expected them to start wrapping it up, then, but they weren’t, it seemed, as he finished the violin section again and John continued playing. Granted, the song played the verse twice, it being so short a verse on its own, but that wasn’t to say they’d actually be performing both. Then again, he wouldn’t have expected John to tell him not to worry about the singing because he was going to do it.
“No.” The admission sounded wrenched from his throat. “Mycroft’s dealing with it for now. If he comes close, however…”
have had this calm an approach to it. Had it been up to him, the tension and worry would still have laid thick and they’d…well, they would like as not be exactly where they’d been before the sleep, thus in fact rendering it all pointless.
“You bloody well leave her out of it,” John growled. “As though sniping at each other and generally verbally squabbling like a pair of seven-year-olds is any better. Or looking down your long nose at everyone who wasn’t gifted with your massive brains. Now, if you want to feel so fucking superior, bloody well use that brain for something helpful.
If he was to get at them…if he was, when there wasn’t any way for the wings to disappear, because they couldn’t before the wounds were treated which they couldn’t be until the coat came off, which it couldn’t because of the wings…the whole thing felt slightly disturbingly like the lyrics to ‘There’s a Hole in My Bucket’. A small part of John’s brain, possibly in a concerted effort to cope with a sudden burst of absurdity, latched onto that and hummed the melody in his brain.
If neither was necessary, why did the Alpha try to employ it all of a sudden? Did he feel obligated to? That it would somehow help better than what he was already doing?
It was just a fucking coat, though, the survival of a garment ought to bloody well pale in comparison to his friend’s life and wellbeing. No, not just pale. Evaporate.
However, even though one might think that that would cause him to snap out of it, as it were, it was only when the tip of pointed teeth started to press against the soft skin of his throat that he started to resurface from the depths of pleasant mental mush. Pulling away, or attempting to, would be a very stupid decision, however, and not just because bound as he was and lying down, he had little to no leverage with which to haul himself away.
“Yeah, I know. Stating the obvious and all. Should be sleeping, same as – “He paused at the thought and listened. There were no snores but there was heavy, regular breathing that could just about be heard from the other side of the doorframe.
This wasn’t about that; this was about showing John that he saw those complexities and he appreciated them along with the simplicity. It was about John, through and through, really. What he was to Sherlock.
And Sherlock had allowed it. He hadn’t questioned the joy and contentment he’d felt at the additions to his treasure, chalking it up to his desire for a larger hoard and perhaps sharing that part of his life with John, even if the doctor had no clue as to what he’d done.
But it wasn’t. Or rather, it might be an attempt to mess with him, in fact it almost certainly was, but they were more…direct than that, so to speak. To the point.
It was a vote of confidence, but it was also an assurance. That even if this particular operation didn’t pan out the way they hoped, the way they wanted, then there were other avenues to explore. Other ways to make this happen.
The hand underneath his pulled away but only so that it could lay on top of his. Not for more than about ten or twenty seconds but even so, it managed to communicate quite a bit.
Then he was to be disappointed, though ‘disappointed’ probably wasn’t the right word for it. None of that showed on John’s face. Instead, he looked surprisingly solemn.
Mycroft took a step back, looking them up and down as though he was assessing whether they’d do or not. Likely that wasn’t far off, either, but for one who’d become relatively used to Sherlock’s penetrating stare that saw all in a flash – and knew that his elder brother was equally capable of such a gaze – it was surprisingly mild and perhaps even kind.
He’d broken it off, then, in shock and some horror at the vehemence of that desire, the hunger overtaking and guiding the lust, twisting it into something else.
The fact that they were there at all was comforting, though, and not because John had a lot to gain and even more to lose and would therefore have a lot to be nervous
The progress they’d made, whether it had been large or small or how hard it had been, had come when they had actually worked out between them, in words and in actions. When they had been working at it together, not stewing on their own or running from it.
John looked a little taken aback, again, but recovered quickly and said that no, of course it didn’t. He was still her mother even when he was also theirs, just as much.
“Of course. But though he doesn’t want to admit it, he’s not always the only one with access to their feed.”
Of course, that wasn’t entirely how it worked but it was too close to it for Sherlock not to be aware of it. Not to have to try and work with it and against it at the same time. This was a stalemate that could neither last nor be resolved on its own, fizzling out peacefully in some fashion.
That wasn’t an end of it, of course. Mycroft so loved to poke his nose in and now that he thought he was genuinely helping he would only get worse.
John looked her over as he came closer, his heart sinking gradually lower in his chest the more he took in. While some of her appearance could be explained by the general appearance many patients acquired while sick in a hospital, most of it could not.
And yet…that stand became a great deal harder to take, never mind maintain, when amber-coloured reptilian eyes stared
He was about to give his bond mate a kiss, one to communicate his gratefulness for that and the release of some of the tension that had built up inside of him, when the phone rang, loudly, as though to voice displeasure at being ignored.
He most certainly hadn’t been very good at it in the ambulance that time, had he? He had up until that point, granted, had divided up what needed to be done together with John and –
A little bit faster, eh? On getting the chapter out, not what happens but that's hardly new, either :S But while I've liked this, it's still been a little bit draining. I'll try to get a schedule for this up and running, unless you'd rather I stop it soon, of course.
Another pause, longer than before. In fact, it was long enough that John pocketed the phone and started to look again. Could it have been kicked out into the kitchen by accident? He supposed he hadn’t checked whether it had somehow, though he had no idea how or why, got itself wedged between the cushions of his own chair. Sherlock’s chair, perhaps, or more logically, that of the sofa.
What was he doing to it? More importantly, how was he doing it and how was he to replicate it? There was no doubt in his mind that he’d just done the same thing to the gun, the anger, as he had the jade statue, but he was still no closer to knowing how, and he would need to.
John knew he was there, had known it since he’d been pushed out there, even where exactly he was, which puzzled him. Sherlock, however, seemed to stiffen, his hands, still on the blond’s face, twitching and digging in for just a moment as his eyes regained a bit of that desperate and wild look.
Rum brown turned midnight black. It was only for the smallest of split seconds, but he caught it, nevertheless.
What then? How did he solve it? He could let go of it, yes, obviously. The less obvious point was how he did that. It didn’t help to think that he had nothing to fear from John, now or ever, in relation to himself or to the dragon. He knew that and yet…
“Sherlock, are you sure that you know what you’re doing?” Mycroft asked and the concern was to be found in his voice as well, which was even more disconcerting and not entirely welcome.
As they rode in the cab back to Baker Street, Sherlock could tell his bond mate was still uncomfortable, not only with the money spent, regardless of what they’d talked about earlier, but the whole experience with what some would call the ‘normal’ world, and he couldn’t help wondering whether he ought to have handled it better.
“It was merely a question of expediency, so you didn’t have to deal with the ogre for longer than necessary, not that I don’t believe you capable – “
It was also far too small to fit a girl of four or even three. The size was much more correct for a baby or maybe even a newly born, which meant that it had been with her for a very long time.
It would bring what had happened into the man’s mind, possibly too fast all at once, and he was likely to have some sort of explosive reaction, whether that was slamming the door in fear, launching himself at either of them in anger or a feeling of powerlessness, or shouting and screaming, possibly for the police.
Another thing that he’d known was that the dragon wouldn’t realise until it was too late. It wouldn’t have registered that the energy had been burst and that he was able to attach it, not until it was restricted. Not so much because it was busy trying to gain the upper hand itself by swallowing him, though that was a definite factor, too, he’d have to admit.
That said, the guilt still wiggled, such as now when he thought of them. They weren’t a chore, but they were one more thing that he couldn’t do right, like the money situation and own identity and –
Oh, no. Oh, fuck, no. Had he – he hadn’t done something while he had been asleep, or possibly unconscious, this time, had he? What was the last thing he remembered?
Sherlock, warning bells going off in his head and berating himself for not checking for it earlier, looked over every bit of the Irishman that he could see and then tried to look where he couldn’t see. He had assumed that the firepower would be with his thug of a partner but that didn’t mean Moriarty couldn’t have something dangerous and potentially lethal somewhere on his person.
The doctor’s jaw tightened at that, his nostrils widened slightly, and you could see him minutely squaring his shoulders, as though in preparation, which was hardly surprising.
Well, there was. It was only the outer shell, after all. The fripperies around the central sentiment of “I love you enough to want to be tied to you in all the ways I possibly can be and that you’re my first priority that I will not get tired of or abandon”.
The treacle quality of everything allowed him to see not just John turning as he rose, protecting Tessa as best he could while prying off the grip the Alpha had on the girl by wrenching at his hand – there was quite the sickening crunch at that – but also the hand moving upwards.
After reading the text, Sherlock debated with himself whether he should show it to John or let him have some peace and quiet to get himself back together once they’d gotten back to Baker Street.
Another sigh. “It’s not behaving, Sherlock, and you don’t need to keep making those promises.” The more he did, the worse John felt. “It’s…it’s bloody well putting some thought into what you’re saying before you say them and giving me some credit, too.”
By the time he was done, John had to admit he was having to lock the muscles in his legs a little to keep himself upright. He’d done a pretty good job, though, he had to admit, and there was no blood anywhere.
John’s trip had evidently been hampered by more than traffic, both human and vehicular, or even the various stops and people on those stops wanting to chat with him. His leg was bothering him, just a little bit, which worried Sherlock, for quite obvious reasons.
Shaking himself out of his momentary frozen state, he made it to the door and opened it. Only to stop again the moment he did, taking in what was in front of him.
The blond looked to the ginger for answers, but only got a small but pertinent grimace in response, which he took to mean that Mycroft didn’t know but would explain what he suspected later.
“Go away, Sherlock!” he shouted. The footsteps paused but only for a moment. They didn’t get fainter when they resumed, either, so he wasn’t moving away.
“I think you said…something about it, when you were talking to Sherlock, but I can’t remember the details for the life of me.”
Sherlock felt his heart give a small skip and a jump at that, and another skip was engendered by the smile directed his way, both on lips and in blue eyes.
“Well, then, I suppose it’s a mercy you didn’t discover you could only shift into full dragon form,” he muttered, sounding more as though he was thinking out loud than anything.
At least, that was what he thought initially. Then he remembered that they’d been in real danger of losing their baby, a reminder that was quite painful, and he couldn’t blame Sherlock for overdoing it.
The Omega’s lips quirked again but this time, the humour was lacking. “And what am I doing? Going out for a bit of scenery.” He held up a hand to forestall the inevitable comment. “I know. It’s not that. That there’s another reason for it altogether. Furthermore, I can’t do anything more here for her so I’m of no help regardless of where I am. But knowing all of that doesn’t make the feeling go away, now does it?”
Retrieving Tessa wasn’t just going to be like picking up your child from kindergarten, though, much as it might have overlaps. There was the whole Moriarty situation to consider, of course, but even leaving that aside, there was both the chance, the risk that she would be in a terrible state, physically or mentally, or that she’d be happy with the parents she already lived with.
This was one of those times, though, and yet, as he looked around the living room and then into the kitchen, there was no sign that Sherlock had been there for hours, at least.
Then his brain kicked in and informed him that though the speech could’ve been with Moriarty, too, this was Mycroft’s voice, clipped in its Englishness, with no hint of a lilt.
Once that last part of the conversation was over, he’d got up with a bit of difficulty – the price he was eventually going to pay for his time in the military and beyond was going to be high, and with several dividends, he knew – and, keeping an eye almost constantly on the non-existent door, had moved to the living room, in the hope that he could find a pen and a piece of something to write the gist of it all down.
That was about all he had time to register before the dragon was on the move again, moving at the same time with a force and a grace that should be incompatible but looked completely natural.
Long, tension-filled moments crept past at a snail’s pace, both of them standing there, seemingly frozen on the spot.
However, he could understand why the blond would, once he caught what he’d said, maybe have an issue with his own comment. If he did, it would be in the belief, one that Sherlock had watched grow within him as he became significantly less…militant and reactionary about the treatment of Omegas, that he ought to be better than that. Fairer than that.
It was imperative that the doctor understood that he, Sherlock, wasn’t only intent on being and staying in control of the dragon, prepared to do whatever it took, though that was a major thing to understand. An even more important, crucial part to understand fully was that he had in fact been able to
It was a performance, of course it was, that was the point. But it was a performance to show Sherlock what he could do, that he could hold up his end of the assignment, as it were, not because he wanted to score cheap points.
It had tapped into something else. Something more, stronger, deeper. Something which he hadn’t expected, as he had no frame of reference for it. Apart from base instincts and what Mycroft had said, of course.
“What?” he asked, the grin falling from his face immediately even as he tried to halt it in place, as though it had never been. He most certainly didn’t sound defensive about it. Not in the slightest.
The moment he finished, however, another piece hovered in front of him, so close it almost brought orange goop into his nose.
John watched Sherlock preen, possibly somewhat subconsciously, at the praise and couldn’t help but smile in turn and be warmed by the fact that it would be something worth preening over.
As he picked it up, he could feel the foundations beneath and also around him shake and something like the whisper of noise from far below, or perhaps not that far below. There wasn’t any noise, quite obviously, but nevertheless, the sensation of noise was unmistakable.
“We? Who are ‘we?’” Sherlock asked, even though he had a rather good idea. There weren’t a whole lot of people it could conceivably be, after all, if it had something to do with the dragon. Which it would, given that it was the watch John had taken and had decided to present to him.
Sherlock’s hand had stopped but only so that it could slide up and tug at the waistband of the pants, with the clear intent to pull them down. At least, that was what it started doing; at some point, the hand got distracted by first the erection it had halfway uncovered, then by the balls beneath, fingers sliding over them with just enough pressure to be wonderfully, frustratingly teasing.
As he thought it, as the maw was about to make impact, a cobweb seemed to extend itself across the foot, frail and almost translucent but spreading and strengthening at speed until it resembled a spindly but nevertheless strong rope which wound itself…not quite over the entirety of the foot but certainly around a large portion of it.
“If she was stupid enough not to see what was right in front of her, or, more likely, idiotic enough to see it and ignore it – “
In fact, Sherlock had gotten the distinct to the point of a two-by-four impression, from those stories, the lack of other mentions and the complete lack of attempts to contact anybody once he got out of the harem, that John had no wish to have contact with anybody he’d known before.
That was only to be expected, obviously, regardless of how much sleep either of them had got. Nevertheless, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel the sting of it. The guilt of…
Well, then. Nothing like sending his heartrate into the stratosphere. Especially after the day he’d already had. But it didn’t matter. What mattered was his mate.
“Why did you never name her?” he asked, pitching his voice low and quiet to mitigate the directness of the question.
He didn’t question why he might have thought to try it at this time rather than at any other time. After all, he could still feel the points where the Irishman’s claws had penetrated his throat earlier, the small wounds stretching with every swallow and stretch, and could vividly recall the reaction from Sherlock, which had not exactly been downplayed.
It would be reasonable to expect him to shout or scream or otherwise have an outburst when uttering the words. It certainly wouldn’t be unreasonable, given the frustration and anguish etched to the point of bleeding into that sentence.
Sherlock had been of the opinion that if that was the case, then whether or not John used it now played very little part, as it had been compromised the moment they had known where to send the money, which dated back years.
Nevertheless, he made a concerted effort to focus those pale eyes. Not for signs of the dragon, not because he wanted to prove that he wasn’t afraid of being hypnotised. Not even just for the simple pleasure of looking.
“You’re an Alpha, love,” John answered, equally quietly after a moment or two had passed. “What I wouldn’t consider important might register differently to you, simply because of your secondary gender.”
Can’t I? I think poor little Molly would disagree with that, along with your faithful bumbling policeman.”
Sherlock’s grip was by that point so weakened by the sleep that was dragging him under despite his efforts that John could disentangle himself fairly easily from his grasp. The brunet made a pitiful noise at that.
The thing that spoiled the image, well, mainly, was when you pulled out a little from the two sitting on the rug in the middle of the room and saw the woman in the chair. Not to mention the man standing just behind said chair.
John decided then and there that he’d had about enough weirdness for one day, and if Moriarty wanted a pawn or a bargaining tool or even just something of Sherlock’s for a toy, then he could pick something else – the skull, for example!
At least that they’d come to somewhere that Moriarty had been to visit before and probably that it had something to do with the harem’s activities and that orphanage.
“And I’ve succeeded in hurting him, as well,” he said after a lengthy pause. His voice, though not changing in volume or pitch, had a slightly haunted undertone to it now, at least to John’s ears.
“Hm? Oh, nothing, really. Nothing of importance, anyway. Not to you.” His smile at that only resembled the previous one in that they both stretched his lips across his face. Otherwise it might’ve looked, will, reptilian. His voice was entirely without inflection once again. “Then again, there’s nothing else that’s going to be important for you, either. Nothing that has anything to do with me, or with John, for that matter. Especially not John.”
Thank you all for the amazing feedback and understanding, you are the best readers I could hope for.
It was utterly asinine, not to mention degrading to both Alpha and Omega, but it seemed to appeal to the masses or at least, that was what the people making it continued to believe.
would happen, because who would? But regardless, it was still the same person behind the eyes, whatever colour or shape they had, and whoever was looking out through them wasn’t…all there, as it were.
Before the urge gripped him again, he quickly put it back into the bag, which could be sealed, which he did.
He paused, too, seeming to fight with himself over something, though John couldn’t tell what exactly that was. The Omega would wait for him to win the fight.
That would be more than enough on its own, truthfully, but that wasn’t the end of it. No, because this was Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, who solved crimes that seemed impossible to solve and noticed things about people that they thought nobody knew.
Of course, that could mean Sherlock was already awake and playing along, but even that was a good sign, in a way. It meant that the dragon wasn’t the first reaction to this, neither.
Was this what it felt like when people were subjected to being hypnotised by a dragon? Did they feel that same sense of dichotomous, simultaneous wrongness and rightness? They certainly looked far more blissed than Sherlock felt right now but perhaps that underlay something else? This horrible drag that he was drawn to, couldn’t escape?
There. The superiority of acquired instincts in combination with learned skillsets over inherent, gender-based ones.
Sherlock might have felt that it was but seemed to be in a mood where he didn’t mind, so he actually answered. “Joining you.”
“If you’re trying to obliquely refer to a wedding, then yes, I am perfectly aware. I wasn’t under the impression that all you had to do was have a ring on and then seal it with a kiss.”
At this point, I don't know even know what to say other than they'll work it out somehow and I'll get an ending to this and hopefully in not too long. I don't know...
That didn’t mean he wasn’t still angry because he very much was. For almost everything that had happened between him storming out of the flat and now, and it wasn’t that he no longer felt justified in that anger.
There's an awful lot to make sense of and get under mental control in a situation like this but Sherlock tries. It would help if things were at least clear in his head.
He paused for a moment, as they began walking, then asked, “But where should we go, then? Couldn’t he have taken her just about anywhere? Well, within taunting distance, at any rate.”
John blinked, stared at Sherlock as though he’d just grown an extra head, speaking authoritatively and seriously. Then a small giggle forced itself out of his mouth, nasal and rather repressed, but not entirely so.
I'm very sorry this has taken so long to get out. I haven't abandoned it but I have had it on a writing hiatus for a bit because it just...well, anyway, a huge thank you to Edid-Edward and Justbecause421 for helping me over that bump with your amazing comments.
“Sherlock, it really has nothing to do with you being a dragon or me being uncomfortable being near a naked man or whatever else you think it has to do with.”
I hope it wasn't too confusing that we jumped backwards a bit with Sherlock coming home and such. It just flowed out like that and...yeah. I could've ended the chapter before then but with the wait you had to endure, I didn't want to give you a short chapter.
He had to pause, then, biting his lower lip slightly in order to help gather his thoughts and let his emotions sink down to where they weren’t in control. When he spoke again, he was looking out ahead of him, not really seeing anything right then.
“That can be arranged,” Moriarty said. He didn’t need to look down at the curve of John’s stomach to get his point across but did it anyway, pointedly so.
Once upon a time, which was an awful lot closer than he would have guessed from the psychological distance or that part of him would have liked it to be, Sherlock wouldn’t have cared. He knew he wouldn’t have.
For a moment, he worried that Sherlock might not catch the significance of the words, despite the earlier mention of weddings. After all, why would he retain such useless knowledge?
A roaring, yet shrill scream echoed through the room, obliterating hair cells on every person in the room, large though it was.
“You know, this whole thing wouldn’t have changed the slightest bit if you’d happened to have been a woman. Female dragon, I suppose is – is that a dragoness?”
The downside of this being quicker (while I am still struggling a bit here) is that I have not been checking this through at all. Apologies if there are mistakes or something seems confusing, more than usual, that is.
Perhaps the way to phrase it was to say that it had been born and fed by the dragon before maturing on its own.
Fondness. More like a slowly but surely growing addiction that in…five years, eight on the outside, they would have to commit him to a serious treatment centre and make sure that he stayed the course. Otherwise, they would be looking into options for flowers and coffins soon afterwards.
John would’ve clearly believed him and that could’ve been that. Saved by expectations, the ring left to burn a hole in his pocket in its special box.
Like it or not, dragons were quite the magpies of all things, not so much of what was shiny, beyond the gold, but of what was the
, who had made observation his modus operandi and his way of life, wouldn’t catch something…something relatively obvious like that.
There were gut feelings, but they could only get you so far, and John knew that, much as he wanted to be certain.
John tries to find a way out of the situation, one way or the other, but one that hopefully won't see him...well...
Had he had the thought to spare for it, he might’ve expected her to resist him or at least struggle, still screaming. It would make sense that she would, and that could be any or all of those things.
Well, she would’ve written his details down for later use, which would be stored in their database, which in turn would be hackable. She didn’t need to have any ill-will towards him for that to have been the leak, so to speak.
“I’m not even going to dignify that with an answer. You’re getting something to eat, no arguments and you’ll clean the plate. Then you’re going straight back to bed and then you’ll get some sleep. Proper sleep, even if it takes twice as long as it ought to, and I’ll come in on the regular to check.”
Whatever the case, they found a good, sturdy knife that was just about perfect and had a well-crafted, secure but easily opened clasp holding the handle tight.
And this wasn’t the time, except to keep an eye on the other’s state of mind as well as his behaviour, as the two could be both in sync or entirely disconnected within a spin of seconds.
Another talking chapter, and I meant to hurry this along, both in terms of release and what happens. Sorry! Also sorry this wasn't a wrap-up or smut or something. That seems obligatory to follow a love declaration.
“I’d – I’d never – I thought you wanted shot of me!” Sherlock finally manged to blurt out. This was turning upside down and all wrong, despite his efforts to do things right.
Of course, he loved John, too, even though he hadn’t said it to him in so many words yet, far more than he’d have thought himself capable of, and that had also come as a surprise to him, in its way. At least consciously so. However, it was still different, encompassing in two similar yet completely distinctive ways and he marvelled that he, of all people, would fall in love with his offspring before he’d as much as seen their faces.
So no, he couldn’t see any reason for Mycroft to lie about the gold being a dragon panacea. Not even the, in hindsight obvious, reaction to having to give it up counted towards that, really, no matter how difficult it had been. In fact, that he’d given it up
Internally, he vowed that if there was, he would pay as much as was feasible for him back to Sherlock for the clothes.
Despite his position, Mycroft managed to draw himself up, his chin lifting slightly as he somehow looked
“That is as maybe,” the brunet said as he tried to recover, “but as there is not a finite number of times I can help, then…”
He would say it to John. To his face and with no hesitation. Ideally, he would say it while the blond had his arms wrapped around him, beaming at him after having said yes to his proposal, but Sherlock wasn’t picky. He would take any version of that ended with John smiling.
That, in combination with the date and the missing details, sent bells tingling in his mind. Or perhaps ‘clanging’ was the better term.
He’d been wondering why he was suddenly thinking about all of this now, given everything, and it just hit home when he actually took in his ‘surroundings’ as he continued to run.
In the end, they brought a few sets of clothes home with them immediately, just so that John would have something to wear, and asked for the rest to be sent.
Sometimes, there really were benefits to behaving, or having behaved, more or less awfully, if not outright detestably.
Whatever the case, John was grateful for the thoughtfulness and the respect that was inherent in the otherwise small gesture.
“That includes yourself, though,” he’d pointed out, equally quietly. “That’s what I’m mainly worried about right now. Not the kids, not myself, but you. I’m sure I’ll be a nervous wreck about the children once they arrive but until then, it’s you. And please don’t say you can control yourself, that’s not really the point.”
An escapee from a harem, a scent bonded Omega pregnant with twins, who was trying to locate his more or less abducted – what else would you call it? Kidnapped? – child and trying to avoid a criminal madman of an Alpha who was interested in him, god only knew why, and this,
He had taken something from John. Something which he considered part of his hoard and yet, to see it in John’s hand like this didn’t immediately fill him with an urge to snatch it back as fast as he could.
No, the issue would be to get…not exactly get it back because as he’d realised earlier, it could never go away, never not be a part of him. It would be to have some of it tethered, within his grasp, without waking up the rest of the instincts and the feral nature of it.
But…if they ignored all the practicalities of it, the thought of having more children, a veritable little pack, that did have some appeal. Was that his own instincts, though? Poking through to persuade him? Very plausible, he had to admit, but on the other hand, whether you had three or four children didn’t make that much difference, did it?
“Don’t…” John said, then had to stop and try again after swallowing a lump in his throat. Right. No making demands, either, that was hardly going to help.
No. That wasn’t what he was saying. But to continue to run around a city mainly, if not entirely, out of spite and wanting independence and identity without a clearer goal for it
Sherlock tried, then, despite what he wanted to do. What he managed to open was his hand. John’s own slipped more firmly into his in the process and, with the slight squeeze his hand got, too, the younger Holmes managed to open his eyes again.
Still, waiting until it was all over, whether it went through the courts or through some less official, dubiously-legal ways, was going to be agonising. If that was what it took, though, that was what he needed to do. Regardless of what Sherlock thought, or anyone else, he still had a duty of care to them.
Yes, he realised with surprising speed and certainty. All that was flashing across his mind was of a clarity and a detail that he wouldn’t have bothered with had he made it up in his conscious mind and with a lack of odd, irrelevant tangents and additions that his sleeping mind could conjure.
He wasn’t just worried about what John might think of him in the context of a partner but as a mythological being. A beast, which could, if he wanted to, destroy him in several different ways. Being the partner of that was something else entirely, he knew that.
It wasn’t Nantes itself they were going to, but a smaller town not too far away, relatively speaking, and apparently, it was forgotten more often than not in comparison with its larger neighbour, despite the fact that they had the most picturesque street you could imagine, an important local church with rare limestone paintings and the ruins of a castle nearby, and, to top it all off, they had a beautiful spring and harvest festival each year.
Sherlock’s head shot up and whipped around at that. Not that he hadn’t thought of that, too, of course he had. He always took such things into account but to hear it out of John’s mouth like that, almost…not quite nonchalant but detached in a way he wouldn’t have expected, at all…
Another pause, though smaller, before he ploughed on, though he had to lower his gaze a little. This still wasn’t the speech he’d prepared but he thought he got most of it out. The rest, he could say, later, when his mind and body wasn’t a jumble of just about half the emotions known to man. “You are my other half, John, in almost every way possible. I…I love you and I want you to know that. Never be in doubt that I do.”
If John, who had dealt with both of these…people in the flesh before, could keep himself under control now, then Sherlock could as well. It might be that he was an Alpha in a room full of other Alphas but then, John was an Omega, bonded or not, in a room full of Alphas, and he was controlling himself.
He thought he heard John make a restrained noise at that, but he didn’t turn to look and as he wasn’t stopped, he continued.
They’d gone together, not because John couldn’t cut through it if the shop assistant proved difficult or obstinate about selling a weapon to an Omega. They were no longer prohibited by law from carrying weapons, but a lot of shops still had the ruleset that an Omega needed the permission of their Alpha in order to buy any kind of weapon.
As for Sherlock, he’d probably try and find some clever workaround to the issue and then, if and when he ended up in trouble because something had gone sideways for whatever reason, he would do his best to bullshit his way through it.
, never mind. It’ll keep until you’ve explained.” The normally friendly, open face was clouded and drawn, lips in a line and eyes slightly narrowed. Protective, towards himself. Oddly, though, he still had yet to take his hand back.
They could talk about things, too, even when they stumbled or otherwise miscommunicated. But they still
“No, come on. You were sad just minutes ago, rightfully so,” John said as he sat back down, bag on his lap. His hand was grabbed immediately, somewhat illustrating his point. “So, tell me why you are smiling like that all of a sudden. Please.”
He had nothing really to base it on, but it felt to Sherlock as if, though he was no longer looking into the blue eyes, that warmth was directed at him rather than the audience, and his chest felt correspondingly warm.
Even the Alpha in the doorway seemed to pick up on it because when John looked back up at him, he was grinning again.
Especially seeing as his partner was, for all his brilliance, also a man whose brain ran in sixth gear most of the time, whether that was for good or bad.
He knew that wasn’t the case, though. Hell, he’d seen first-hand…no, John and Mycroft had seen first-hand and he’d come to, to see the aftermath of what happened when instincts were allowed to take control.
In the end, the woman who’d asked for the favour had apologised profusely. He’d shaken his head and told her it didn’t matter. It was only a thing and he was grateful for the help. He’d even remembered to wish her a merry Christmas.
I think I'll try and keep to an update every 4 weeks (possibly 6 on the outside), if I can, because it allows me the best breathing room on the stories I'm working on and keep this a regular update. Hope that's okay by everyone.
Had he made it too elaborate? Too obscure? Perhaps too simple or too obvious? Was it too early to do it now? It was, after all, just about pushing midnight, so it was barely Christmas Day and therefore their anniversary.
He hadn’t meant to raise his voice at that. But he wasn’t going to sit idly by and watch those walls slam into place. Not now, not after everything.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. He let John clamber into the car on his own but stayed to be there if he was needed.
He paused, but seemingly only for breath. “Solve crimes together, obviously, see your mind work and call you brilliant, dangerous chases and all that, but go for dinner afterwards, too, tell you off for leaving body parts in the fridge again, have your violin playing help me get to sleep again when I’ve had a nightmare. Bring you cups of tea that you’ll completely ignore until it’s gone stone cold then either leave me to clean up or down it in one as though you never noticed it had gone cold.”
The consulting detective had insisted that as the murdered individual, he ought to know and therefore, the case was solved. John disagreed, but instead of getting angry, he’d been smiling that special warm smile that made his eyes, horribly sappy and sentimental as that sounded, glint and sparkle and sent warmth spilling out through Sherlock’s entire body, more effective than any fire, tea or whiskey.
So did John himself, really. Though he was definitely awake now, he could feel that he was nowhere close to rested. Granted, that would probably take another week or so’s worth of sleep and rest for that to happen, but he would settle for at least another few hours.
It spoke of how real they had been. Of course, everything was relative down here but real in the sense that at least some of them had been instincts and desires he’d fulfilled, that he’d listened to. They had been in some sort of control of him at some point, and they were eager to regain their position.
“Well, no,” Sherlock conceded, a complicated expression passing across his features. “But given your history and normal almost adamant denial, I would’ve thought you’d be more than just a little nervous as you are now.”
He sighed, even more acutely aware of his friend’s condition now that he was this physically close to him and tried a different tack. “Look, you went all that way to find something that would help. Something which you
That he didn’t have to sacrifice anything, let alone his life or his mind, in order for them to have a life together or John to become a living, breathing doll bereft of mind and soul.
To find Sherlock looking intently at him with just about the oddest expression John had ever seen on him, which was quite an achievement given all that had gone before.
He thought about it rather than immediately answering, and then nodded to himself. Yes, he was…he was no longer angry for what John had tried to do, for him and for them. No longer fearful of the truth of the matter or scared of what that might bring for him; that he might not be allowed to stay in his bubble where he knew the rules. Where he was safe and protected.
But he needed to remain as level-headed as possible and as calm as he could manage. Not just for his own sake or Sherlock’s or even Tessa’s, but for the twins, who’d been through enough stress and trauma even at this stage of their development, where they hadn’t even left the womb yet.
He almost missed what John said next in his mental flagellation, even though it was the most important thing of all.
Of course, some of that was unquestionably from experience from previous encounters with the Irishman, but even so…
Sherlock glanced back up, to see the dots focused right back at John, mainly on his chest and his forehead.
was perhaps somewhat strong. But that was…that was the boy who worked at the newsagent’s where he bought his cigarettes on weekends, who let him get away with buying them as someone underage, possibly because Sherlock had made some choice, and loud, remarks about somebody who’d tried to bully the other teen when he’d first come in, which had made them stop…and run out of the packed shop, extremely embarrassed by the revelations.
Sherlock replied that that would be kind of him, but a simple drive-past would suffice for the moment, at least until they had got their bearings. Had a bit to eat and all that.
It was dark and quiet by the time Sherlock made it to the building where he knew them to be, especially for the area. Which was good for his purpose, as he had a bit of trouble keeping himself in check while he paid the cabbie and tore out of the car towards where John was.
It may not be much – if he was brutally honest, it was pitifully little in the grand scheme of things – but it was
“Oh, not all. Just a few key items to see whether I’d estimated the fit right for you. There are some items in several colours of the same thing, but I surmised you’d be more amenable to having one style in several colours than having to choose between several styles in the closet.”
His hand on the straps of the obviously upmarket bag that held the nursing pillow tightened to the point that said straps dug into his palm.
After that, he did tilt his head up slightly, continuing to look the other in the eye. The tears had dried on his cheeks, no new ones refreshing the trail.
Was a greater man, too, not in spite of the flaws he had but because of them. Someone who had been if not the anchor then at least the weight on the other scale for John as his life spiralled ever downward and had been able to benefit from the doctor as John had from him.
“You’re right on the watch. Of course you are, you’re Sherlock bleeding…anyway, I think you’re right on the claim, too. Not that it’s irreversible, mind, we knew that much. And yeah, it’s not the most easily acceptable concept to get your head around when it applies to you, I’ll say that.” He pursed his lips as he stared out at nothing for a moment. “On the other hand, not that much different to what marriage was when getting a divorce was…as good as a crime, really, and compared to the rest of the dragon crap, it’s almost sensible.”
However, as before, the scent of his bond mate managed to both ground his spiralling thoughts and to make instincts fade into murmurs before they shut up entirely.
Sherlock frowned at him a little but didn’t say anything. Perhaps he hadn’t understood despite the attempt? Or maybe John had said that before and he was about to point it out. The latter seemed rather more plausible, what with John’s own tiredness. That he’d lose track.
“You sure?” he asked, slight disbelief in his voice. “You looked a bit like a deer in the headlights there, to be honest.”
No, this was something else, and he could prove it; the care John was exhibiting wasn’t the one of someone walking on eggshells, afraid of the consequences should even one of them break, which would be the appropriate reaction, even from the former soldier, to being worried about that.
John smiled despite himself. “Give over. It’s sweet of you with the compliments but there’s no need.”
In other words, it felt like it had nothing to do with John. Which was probably true, considering, but that didn’t make it feel less gut punching.
Roughly, anyway, as they had been in Nantes only a year before they’d gotten a larger and more luxurious place to stay in Angers, which they again hadn’t stayed at for more than eighteen months, mostly because the user who’d provided access had gotten ideas about the actual ownership of the harem. Rather unhealthy thoughts, it turned out.
Had they seen what had happened earlier, then? If they had, would they be able to shed some light on it? The Beta would still be the best candidate to get any information from, but he was not in a state that would yield much of anything they could use.
“I’m really, really sorry,” he said as he did so, sounding sincerely apologetic and remorseful. “I honestly didn’t…I’m sorry. I’ll explain it all later, I promise.”
That he hadn’t smelled claimed had been a relief but had only managed to marginally tamp down on them but the attempts by Moriarty to claim him via blood, that had sent them flaring back up, and it was a wonder he hadn’t reacted more strongly than he had.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at that. There was something comforting in the fact that some things never left John, no matter how long he spent back in ‘civilian life’. Admittedly, the consulting detective was a great factor in making sure of that as well, but even so…
“Whenever you’re ready to tell me, you tell me. If you’re ever ready,” he amended. “If you’re not, then that’s fine and I’m still here. Okay? I’m still here, whatever you choose.”
He had been staring into the dragon’s eye from the very moment he’d first realised it was right outside and had turned around, and yet, he had not felt the slightest pull of it at any point. And while yes, this was only a projection…well, so was he, wasn’t he?
“I don’t know, you might want to see what different acids do to its accuracy while firing or something like that!”
He had smears of marmalade on both sides of his mouth as well as a few crumbs dotted across his cheeks. There were bags under his eyes, which had steely determination in them and sleep in the corners, the start of crow’s feet at the edges of them, his hair still stuck up at the back of his neck and there was visible stubble.
Alright, admittedly – if asked about a week ago, he would’ve utterly denied it but sometimes, introspection on the most unlikely though not unimportant things  can sneak up on you – Sherlock was a factor in that as well, but really, he was only adding kindling to a fire that had already begun to smoulder, sometimes as early as when he started out seeing them.
“I can do it, John. I know I haven’t shown that very well up until now, but I can do it, I know I can. I – I didn’t feel any hint of the dragon when I woke up or even when you mentioned…when I got jealous about Mycroft, that was without even a trace of – “He cut himself off at that, sharply, feeling a .
“Wouldn’t Sherlock have fit that criteria? What’s the point of mucking that up if that’s what you want? To not be bored?”
Sherlock refused to be rattled, though. Not by something like that, at least. Judging by what had been happening since they had landed in France, it was unlikely, highly so, that he wouldn’t be at least rattled if not outright shocked or terrified by something or other in all of this.
Putting the passport down on his thigh for the moment to get a hand free, he reached out with it to put his hand on top of the long-fingered, though strangely not bony as his brother’s, hand, which rested on a thin thigh. Carefully and lightly, so that it wouldn’t come across as more than it was.
Perhaps he could use that to his advantage. If he couldn’t hear any individual, it made it harder for them to make themselves heard, all of them working towards the same goal and getting in each other’s way.
“Bloody hell, you idiot, pull yourself together already,” he muttered, so low that Sherlock honestly had to strain his eyes somewhat to hear it, as he stared down and to the side. “It’s the one day you cannot afford to be worn out or off your game.”
The thought of having her taken from him again, for whatever reason but especially if it was after everything else had worked itself out and they were going her, that was…unbearable.
“Well, yes,” John replied, and was there a touch of exasperated fondness in the eyes and in the smile? It felt rather reassuring, in its own way. “But do you touch anyone else? When you’re not in the rush of a case, I mean.”
