Sherlock thrashed on the bed, his hips pumping furiously into his fist. His arm was shaking. The whole of his body was rigid, tense, balancing on the edge. He had bit his arm so hard he could see a red ring of tooth marks standing out against his skin. He could feel his orgasm building again, growing nearer with each breath, each frantic thrust of his hips. He pictured John shaking beneath him, grinding his cock into the mattress with abandon, his arse swelling and clenching around Sherlock’s cock as his own orgasm overtook him. Sherlock couldn’t hold on, couldn’t hold on. God,
John dug his hands through his hair, mostly because he was fairly certain his head was about to explode and he figured he ought to try to hold it together. “Is that going to be a
“The mobile…” For a moment, John had no earthly idea what Sherlock was on about. Ah. The number the nurse at his surgery gave him. Her friend, who John had absolutely no intention of calling. Right. Foolish of him to think that he might have a scrap-of-paper-sized bit of privacy from Sherlock bloody Holmes. “Jesus, Sherlock,” John said. “We’ve talked about this.
Sherlock’s head collapsed against John’s stomach. He could feel John giggling against him. He moaned into John’s skin.
when Sherlock begged his forgiveness. Still, the old anger remained, lurking just a ways under John’s surface, a body buried alive, ringing at the little bell secured to its tombstone. If John disturbed the ground just a touch, the anger was there, just as alive as Sherlock was. It was the same anger that gasped and screamed as soon as Sherlock dared show his face again, the one that once sent John’s fists flying against Sherlock’s face, intent to do as much damage as possible to the miracle he once asked for. Yes, the old anger was still there, and if John poked at it long enough it would start to wriggle.
John met Gilly’s eyes in a manner he hoped was beseeching. “Please,” he said. “Please leave him be.”
.” He grabbed two instruments off Molly’s tray—a pair of forceps and a scalpel—and held them in front of John, as if he needed assistance counting to two. “
“—which he didn’t,” John said. “I’m all right, Sherlock. I’m still here. All in one piece.” He considered. “Well. Mostly.”
“You are to stay on the path,” John said, his voice more than a little unsteady, “from this point on. Do you understand? No darting along cliff-edges. No exploring by steep drops. You stay on the bloody path. All right?”
“Only hand-towels in there,” Sherlock said. “They’re a bit...” he glanced down towards the hand grasping the flannel over his groin, the hand John realized was pressed directly against his cock, in an effort to keep the flannel where it was, “small.”
“We’re just…friends,” John said, although the word didn’t seem to fully capture what Sherlock was to him anymore. Mike Stamford was John’s friend. Greg Lestrade was John’s friend. Sherlock was...something else. There were times when it felt as if Sherlock were the center of John’s life, the lens through which John saw the world, the reason John got out of bed during the times when he couldn’t think of a good enough reason on his own. Mike and Greg were nice blokes, but to lump Sherlock in the same category with them seemed a gross oversimplification as to what Sherlock meant to John. “Good friends,” John clarified, although even that seemed not quite right.
“I know,” Sherlock said. He didn’t move, not for a moment. He stayed just like that, fully seated inside of John, their bodies pressed together, gasped breaths so loud they might wake the household from that alone. When Sherlock started to move, it was the slightest thing, a faint pulse, his hips barely rolling forward against John. it was so good and it was nowhere near enough.
They had somehow managed to make their way back to the cottage the night before, leaving Fitz to chase rabbits in the field to his heart's content. They fell into bed as they were, naked and clammy and covered in debris from the field, wrapped up in each other. Sleep came and went in waves, punctuated by hands and mouths and mumbled sentiments in the dark. John once woke to Sherlock laying over him, mouthing kisses onto his stomach. As for himself, he spent what felt like hours tracing lines along Sherlock’s ribs, feeling his chest rise and fall as he slept.
“Sherlock,” John said, before Sherlock could speak a single word. “I know it’s not good for me to call you. I know it’s not okay. But it’s important.” He paused, took a deep breath. “Mary is gone. She’s in danger, Sherlock. Someone’s after her.” He pressed his eyes shut, hating every single cell in his selfish bastard of a body for what he was about to say. “I need your help.”
He was not going to think about what Sherlock said to him tonight. He was not going to think about how Sherlock lay at his side and ran his fingers along John’s cheek and spoke those bloody words that he would have killed to hear years ago, those bloody words he would have sworn Sherlock wasn’t capable of. He wasn’t going to think about how Sherlock looked at him with those eyes John could barely even imagine and spoke those words John had never expected and how John knew that Sherlock meant it with the whole of himself even as he told Sherlock he was wrong. Because John had known all along, hadn’t he? A part of him had known all along but didn’t let himself believe.
And then Sherlock’s mouth was on his, forcing his lips open, jaw practically unhinged as he didn’t so much kiss John but
only twenty-two months. John had mates die in Afghanistan who he knew for much longer and with whom he had been through just as much, and he couldn’t tell you the date he first met them if you put a gun to his head.
And there—standing atop the roof of the building that stood directly opposite 221b, wavering and faint in the moonlight—was a silhouette. The silhouette moved in time with the notes of the music—undulating, rhythmic. Its arm was crooked upwards, holding something beneath its chin. The flash of violin strings glinted in the faint light.
“There’s always a dip in the rentals of a house after there’s been a murder there,” Gilly said. “But one must make sacrifices if one wants to get ahead in this world.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s good.” John could hear a rush of wind on Sherlock’s end, and Sherlock’s words seemed clipped. Wherever Sherlock had been, he was on the move. “And you’re sure you’re—”
John shrugged. “I don’t know. You barely eat as it is. I thought you survived on…” he waved a hand, “mothballs. Or something.” He started for the stairs. He ought to have a shower, he knew, but the thought of stepping back into even more freezing, pelting water was not particularly alluring at the moment. What was alluring was ridding himself of his drenched clothes, crawling into a warm bed, and preferably never leaving.
"We can carry on as we always have," Sherlock said. "Sherlock Holmes and his friend and colleague, Doctor John Watson. We can act as if it never happened."
“Of course,” Sherlock said. “The cameras are an excellent sign, John. It means that the killer is watching us. We’ve just gained valuable information about how he stalks his victims.” Sherlock’s face was still soft, an attempt at looking like a loving boyfriend, but John could see the spark of excitement in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Indeed,” he says, and then he is on you, pushing you against the wall, his mouth on yours. You moan and grasp at him and let him sink into you, feeling desperate to have him on you once more. You have a distinct sense that this is the way you’re meant to live now, wrapped up in this man. It doesn’t seem quite possible to go back. It’s as clear as a fact that you’re meant to be here, meant to follow this extraordinary man into whatever battle he leads you, meant to snatch the pulse from any person who ever tries to do him harm.
“So,” John said. “Do you think that the Taibhse Brothers murdered Declan, then? Decided he wasn’t to be trusted as a fellow ghost anymore?”
“Even if we limit ourselves to the parameters set forth in the original problem,” Sherlock said, shifting slightly on the toilet lid, “there are fallacies. For instance, how do you know that the host always chooses a door with a goat?”
John shook his head. “Kiss me,” he repeated. Whatever Sherlock had to say, it could wait. He nudged his face closer to Sherlock’s. Their noses brushed together. “Kiss me.”
Sherlock ran his fingers across John’s cheek. He considered closing his eyes—it might be easier for everyone involved if he did—but decided against it. He could feel everything in his body fighting to keep the words from escaping his lips. His throat burned at the effort.
a good shag, one of the ones where John might have blacked out at some point, coming to limp and sticky with a tingling in his extremities and a Sherlock draped on top of him, immobile.
“And I know I was a bit of a mess when I first heard about this little case with you and Sherlock,” she continued. “Playing boyfriends and all that. I was just so worried about losing you. But I’ve nothing to worry about with Sherlock, right?”
“Not exactly,” Mary said. “This is ending for a whole host of reasons. But, John, you have to admit. Sherlock is one of them. And a fairly big one.”
“Blog post?” John asked. He tapped his fingers to his lips. The case he was writing up involved a rogue chemist who was manufacturing some new club drug out of his home. He had a rather large aviary attached to his house, an interesting feature. Perhaps there was a title in that?
John thought about the seals on the beach and how they swam away the moment he approached them. He thought about how he and Sherlock sat together on the beach, very still and very quiet, waiting for the seals to return.
John felt that if he clenched his jaw any harder his teeth would shatter. He nodded. It all made sense, now that he thought about it. It all made perfect sense. “Right. So. The problems of your past, then…”
Sherlock opened his eyes and there was John, staring down at him with a look of worry that the John in his Mind Palace promised he would feel. His hand rested on Sherlock’s shoulder, as if trying to physically keep him in this version of reality. His lips lifted into a smile that was tiny and weak but managed to reach his eyes nonetheless and Sherlock almost told him the whole of it. He almost took John’s face in his hands and dragged him down onto his mouth and told him that he had never loved anyone or anything half as much as he loved John in this moment, in all the moments, in the whole of his life, however many lives he had. He almost told John that he was right—the version of him in his Mind Palace—about the falling hurting like hell, somehow hurting worse than a bullet through his chest, but it had all been alright in the end because John was there when Sherlock landed. He almost told John to stay, to stay with him and only him, until the very end.
Sherlock didn’t yet have use of his voice or his words or the English language, but he had use of his arms and he wrapped them around John, pulling him in, keeping him close.
Sherlock complied, grinding himself against John as forcefully as he could manage. He could feel John against him, his cock hard and hot through the thin fabric of his pants. Sherlock was nearly bursting out of his own pants, a patch of preejaculate already soaking through. He wondered if they would come like this, trousers still on and grinding against each other like animals. Sherlock moaned. Not if he could help it, they wouldn’t.
“You aren’t alone, Sherlock,” John said. His voice was barely louder than the crackling of the fire. “Not anymore.”
Sherlock looked as if he was thinking very hard about what to say, weighing options. “I’m sorry,” he said. He said it like an experiment, testing it out.
if you’ve made the correct choice or not. That’s why you have to play the odds. You are more likely to be wrong on your first guess than you are to be right. And if you switch, you are more likely to be right than wrong. However, this is decidedly, categorically, and unquestionably
John unfolded his swan and placed it in his lap. He slid his plate ever so slightly closer to Sherlock and moved his water glass to the side. Sherlock eyed John’s plate—gnocchi pomodoro—with interest. He hadn’t even glanced at his lasagna.
“Ah, yes,” John said, trying to make it look as if he wasn’t actively running down the stairs. “Got in just a moment ago. Met the property manager. He seems like a nice bloke.”
The Blasket Islands are a fascinating place—beautiful and dangerous and other-worldly and harsh—the last spot of land in the Northern Atlantic. All that can live there are the things that fit—a smattering of old Islanders, some brave sheep, a horde of patient seals, and—of course—a single tree. Here he is, sitting proudly atop his beehive, growing strong:
Sherlock lowered himself over John, planting his hands on either side of him. John grabbed blindly at Sherlock, catching the nape of his neck with an unsteady hand and dragging Sherlock’s mouth down onto his. It was barely a kiss anymore, wet and sloppy and full of teeth on lips, tongues tangling in air. Soon John was barely able to do even that, and his head dropped backwards, exposing the slick column of his neck. Sherlock set his mouth to John and he tasted like salt and life. He could feel the vibrations against his lips as John moaned and cursed and cried out, pumping his hips into Sherlock faster, harder.
“I’ve got bits and pieces,” John said, tapping his fingers against his head as if trying to dislodge something. “I keep seeing...a wall.” He looked to Sherlock for confirmation.
And then Sherlock was inside, the head of his cock slipping just into John’s hole. It was a stretch—much wider than fingers—and John sucked in air at the throbbing burn. Sherlock held himself there, allowing John time to adjust to him, his arms shaking ever so slightly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Believe it or not,” he snapped, “I have it within me to be a perfect fucking gentleman.” He snatched the key from the blinking attendant without looking and stormed off to their room.
You chuckle and help him sit back on his knees. His breaths are starting to slow, but his voice sounds harsh and torn. You run gentle fingers over his throat. His airway doesn’t appear to be restricted, but he could stand to get checked out by paramedics all the same.
Everything was building to a breaking point and Sherlock felt as if he were a crisis incarnate, a tank full of petrol with its brake lines severed, careening straight towards a wall. An explosion was imminent, and it would take out the whole of the block. Nothing would survive. John wailed beneath him.
“Are you sure you two will be all right here?” Darren asked. “By yourselves, that is? I mean,” he dropped his voice to as much of a whisper as he could manage over the engine, “Doctor Watson said the man had a knife.”
need you to be safe,” he said quietly. “And I can’t be the reason why you aren’t.” He looked as if he hated the words.
“Good,” John said, grasping Sherlock by the nape of his neck, keeping him close. “I don’t want them to. It’s mine.”
John chuckled, shaking his head and starting over to the other side of the playground, where the terrified boy was sobbing and his mum was already glaring at John with what looked to be a death stare. He wondered if the woman would accept apologies in the form of warnings about the business dealings of a local dim sum restaurant.
“I have been an absolute bastard to you,” John said. “I have been demanding and unfair and unkind and an utter arsehole and you would be within your rights to never want to be in the same room as me again, let alone love me.”
,” John shouted. “You bloody left me at a bloody crime scene in the bloody rain, you inconsiderate git.”
Hugh led them into the loo, the last room on the tour. The walls were tile and the piping looked as old as the cottage itself, but there was a claw-foot tub—the one Sherlock mentioned on his call with the rental company—sitting grandly at the end of the room. Sherlock was right. It did appear to be big enough for two.
Darren shifted uncomfortably. “If it’s all right with you two,” he said, “I’d like to get Conor off the Island as soon as I can. I don’t like him spending too much time here these days. He’s having enough nightmares as it is, what with all the…” he sighed, “
He was as far out on the island as he could be, perched at the very last point of land his shoes could step upon. He balanced on the rocks—the jagged bits that pointed and sloped and dipped into the ocean, the last pieces of land until North America—hands in his pockets, his coat tearing in the wind behind him. He didn’t seem to be doing much of anything except facing the anger of the wind, allowing the Atlantic to shout abuse at him while doing little aside from taking it.
“Fortunately,” Sherlock said, tapping off a final message on his mobile and pocketing the device, “Lestrade explained to them that it is best to simply listen to me.”
“Taking you to a residential area, I see,” the cabbie said. “Going home for the evening, then? Or got a party out there you’re not telling me about?”
“Right,” John said. “Like I said. Probably doesn’t matter.” He glanced in the direction of the field, where little clusters of white puffs were grazing peacefully. “I’ll go keep an eye on the sheep, then.” He turned and started off towards the field, walking along the path that ran between the ruins and absolutely refusing to turn back to look at Sherlock as he did so.
John allowed himself a small smile. He was grateful for Sherlock’s answer, largely because he found he didn’t want to return home at the moment. Despite their attempts to give it a go, things with Mary remained uncomfortable, and Rosie coming along hadn’t changed very much about that, except now John was uncomfortable
That is to say, when John launched into sitting in the bed, drenched in sweat and wide-eyed in the dark room, he was all but convinced that he was back in Afghanistan. Someone had triggered an IED and the explosion was right behind him, the back of his head hot and pelted with sand and debris and the wet splatter of what once had been someone’s innards. He could practically smell the smoke, the flames, the charred flesh.
flavor that he could never delete from his mind. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and pulled him close and Sherlock hoped he might never let go, that the two of them could stay pressed against each other in this corner of his Mind Palace forever. Sherlock could hear himself making desperate noises against John’s mouth. He ought to be embarrassed, but found that he didn’t much care at the moment.
To be more specific, dead sheep. Sheep that appeared to have been ripped open in some haphazard and unnatural way, the bits that were once inside now very much on the outside.
You pocket the coins. “Right,” you say, as if you understand everything now, which you don’t. You turn and walk off the train. You don’t say anything else to the man as you leave, but when you glance back through the doors as they close, you see that he is still watching you.
John. Shortly after Sherlock’s brief exile, back when he still thought he could take cases, he and John had been out at some murder or another and John was crouched over, examining the body, and it was all Sherlock could do not to push John over and rut against him until John came screaming Sherlock’s name. Sherlock was fully erect in his trousers and couldn’t remember the term
Keeping his eyes open was near impossible with the way Sherlock’s breath tickled at his skin. Sherlock’s lips had moved up to John’s ear, and each of his whispers was making John shudder. Sherlock’s hand paused just at John’s hip, resting along the tip of his trousers. John was concerned that if Sherlock moved his hand any lower he would make a rude discovery. John very much wanted Sherlock to move his hand lower.
I am. Believe me. But also believe me when I tell you that I would give all of this up,” he gestured towards his head with fingers gone red from splinters, “
“I could have helped you,” John said. “I could have helped keep Mrs. Hudson safe, Lestrade safe. I could have helped you fight him—Moriarty. You wouldn’t have had to go it alone, Sherlock. I could have…”
John mumbled something in return, but went back to cursing and abusing his head once the new gauze touched his leg.
He shakes his head, his eyes slipping closed. “People tend to be wrong,” he says. “About that sort of thing.”
“Can’t argue with the consensus,” John said, and he didn’t. He agreed with it, actually. He was fully aware that he had been insufferable since Sherlock died. He didn’t seem to have very much control over it. In an odd, nonsensical way, it felt as if a part of him died as well, the part that was responsible for being happy. “Best to steer clear, I’d say.”
The larger man slowed the engine just as they were twenty or so meters away. He put the engine into neutral, the rough sound of the motor dropping off to a low putter. The boat dipped through the waves, drifting closer to Sherlock, carried by its own momentum.
“Oh good,” John sighed. “You’re in a strop again.” John wondered if he ought to go to bed after all; one benefit to being back at Baker Street was that he could escape Sherlock’s moods when they became particularly tumultuous.
“No I wasn’t,” he says. He slips the glasses from his face and tucks them into a pocket. “Not unless somebody was looking.”
“Tessa,” Sherlock said, waving down a taxi. “She went on a date with a ghost. Apparently several other women have as well.” He shook his head. “Something there, I think.”
John laughed, and he could barely believe the sound came from his mouth. “Good,” he said. “Good, I suppose.” He considered. “A bit more crying than I would have liked. But good.”
Christ, it was torture, the creeping, unhurried grind of Sherlock’s cock inside him. John swore he could feel every bit of Sherlock, every curve and vein of Sherlock’s cock as he eased out and back in at a glacial pace. Sherlock tucked his head behind John’s and his breaths were rhythmic and hot on John’s neck and John could have torn him to pieces. He needed this, needed more, needed so much more. He was so hard he was aching and his body was on fire and he needed to come so badly and Sherlock seemed perfectly willing to hold John on his cock without moving until next Christmas and John absolutely, categorically, could not take it anymore.
“Then you know why I need the flash drive,” Will said. “Why I need to get it to them immediately. Why I can’t fail.”
“It’s not fair,” John said. “This isn’t fair to you. I’m not being fair to you.” John covered his face with an arm. “None of this is fair,” he said.
When John finally returned to the cottage, he found Sherlock in the kitchen, moving about like a bit of a madman, fiddling and stirring at a series of pots and pans on the stove.
John gave her one last scratch behind her ears and stood. “Goodbye, love,” he said. “I hope you have a wonderful life.”
“When we go back to London,” John said, suddenly aware that his mouth had gone dry. “Will this all be over?” It was a simple question, and yet it was astounding to John just how difficult the question was to choke out. He had a feeling he was only able to do so because Sherlock’s back was to him, which didn’t make him feel positively about his level of bravado.
“Because there is no need to apologize.” Sherlock was talking quickly now, his eye contact growing spotty. “I didn’t tell you why I jumped. I didn’t expect you to have deduced it. I don’t bear you any ill will. So you are under absolutely no obligation to—”
John heard the sound of a drawer slam shut with violence, another flung open in its stead. The sound of rustling grew louder.
You make yourself look away. You’re lonely, you tell yourself, and this sort of thing ends poorly. You’ve gone looking for a bit of rough plenty of times since you got back to London. You’re moderately successful—you aren’t exactly a stranger to this sort of thing—but you never feel like a success at the end of the night. The people you pull—the hapless men and women willing to lend you a spare twenty minutes just to get off—might be able to give you an orgasm, but they never give you what you need, not that you have the first clue what that is.
John wiped at the drops with the side of his thumb. He smoothed Sherlock’s damp hair away from his face, fingers slipping into curls and staying for a moment longer than was strictly necessary. There was an expression on his face that Sherlock couldn’t quite deduce in the dim light. It was similar to the
In her cot, Rosie was red-faced and flailing at the air. She had really taken to kicking recently and was having quite the go of it, her little legs attacking nothing. John did some mental math. She had her last meal a little before midnight and was changed shortly after. She was due for another feeding. Her pediatrician said that they could start weaning her off one of these nighttime feedings soon and John personally couldn’t wait. Living with an infant reminded John more than a little of living with Sherlock in those early days, complete with the erratic sleep schedule and nodding off at work and catering to the every need of a fussy enigma of a human for whom John was inexplicably willing to die at the drop of a hat.
They paused, allowing John to gaze at a house that still had enough of its original shape to make sense of it. Most of the walls were crumbled, but a few sides still stood, and John could see the triangular slope of the walls that once held the thatched roof. He could even make out what might have been a chimney. Someone might have been happy here, he wagered. Or at least, happy until they weren’t anymore.
John leaned forward, bringing Sherlock’s head with him as he did so. He scanned through the comments. There seemed to be quite the back-and-forth. “A lot of these comments are from you,” he said.
“God,” John breathed. He moved his hand along Sherlock’s back, feeling the dips and ridges of scars beneath his fingertips. “So then. When I got married. It felt like… It felt like I was leaving you. For her. It felt like I left. It felt like you lost me.”
about the moment that John found himself melting a little. His heart stuttered and John cursed everything.
Sherlock ignored him. “The tub in the bathroom,” Sherlock said into his mobile, his voice smooth and silvery, “what is the approximate size of that? My boyfriend likes to take long baths, you see, and…” Sherlock giggled, actually
Sherlock smiled beneath John, an evil thing. He wrapped his fingers around John’s hips. “Harder,” he said.
John laughed, wrapping his arms around Sherlock as Sherlock’s lips found his throat. “Are you jealous of yourself?” John asked. Sherlock could feel John’s smile with his tongue.
Sherlock continued the slow stroke of his fingers across John’s face. John would get there. He just needed to wait this out.
John blinked again and Sherlock came into focus. Sherlock was seated on the mattress, a hand on John’s shoulder. Sherlock was already dressed for the day but John was naked under the blankets. Naked and relaxed and just a bit sticky and—
During one of the wakings—it might have been just before midnight, judging by the particular brand of darkness coming through the window as well as the rate of stubble growth on John’s chin—Sherlock reached out blindly towards his bedside table, his hand slapping against the wood. He felt along the bedside table, making grumpy noises.
“Your skin is constantly changing,” Sherlock said. “Each day that passes, each event you experience, leaves little impressions on your body. Little changes, subtle but present. I want to capture you as you are now, in this very moment.” He ran his hand up John’s arm, fingers sweeping over his shoulder. “I’ll want to do this again tomorrow as well. And the day after, likely. In perpetuity.” His eyes darted up to John’s. “Is that all right?”
“I could try again tonight,” Sherlock said. “I’ve given it some thought and I believe I can accomplish the feat.” He pressed himself closer, and John could feel Sherlock’s cock rapidly hardening against the small of his back. John could barely believe how quickly the sensation turned him on. He was nearly fully erect at this point, his cock pushing against the fabric of his pyjamas.
In retrospect, he should have been more convincing over the phone. He should have begged Sherlock not to jump. He should have pleaded. He should have gotten down on his knees if needed. He should have told Sherlock that killing himself would kill John too, that just watching Sherlock on that ledge was killing him. He should have told Sherlock that he suffered the first thirty-seven years of his life without him and had absolutely no intention of going back.
“Git.” John chuckled. “I’m fine with physical affection. Hugs and things like that. I get a bit squidgy about it in public, though.”
do you fuck him. You find the spot that makes his head tip back and his eyes flicker and you don’t let up. His mouth opens and closes and little sounds come out of him and you’re going to fuck the words right out of his mouth, you’ve decided. You’re going to fuck him until the only word he knows is your name. You’re nearly there because the
“You did,” John sighed. “You wanted to. You were going to... When you came to the restaurant to see me, you were going to say something, weren’t you? You were going to tell me, but you saw me there with Mary and you didn’t.”
She started knocking on his door to tell him when patients arrived instead of using the phone system. The action initially frustrated him, but he grew used to her presence. It was nice to see a smiling face in between the coughs and runny noses and inflamed genitals. Once, she brought him a sandwich after noticing him eating from the same sad pack of biscuits for lunch three days in a row. He picked the pickles off the sandwich and she ate them.
“Whenever you wear the striped dressing gown,” Sherlock said, seeming confused as to why they were still talking about this. “It doesn’t tie closed nearly as well as you think it does, so whenever you emerge from the loo after a shower…”
“Today?” John asked. His legs were aching from the constant hills, and his lungs were providing him with regular loud reminders about their capacity for air intake. He was feeling more than a little fatigued, but he reminded himself that he was recently removed of the contents of his stomach. He glanced around him. “How big is this island, anyway?”
“The explosives must have been rigged before Mary arrived,” Sherlock said, his voice low. “Whoever set them up must have anticipated Mary to be asleep when they detonated.”
Sherlock smiled, a breathy thing, and when he leaned down for a kiss John tightened his legs and pulled Sherlock in further, his cock slowly sliding deeper into him. Sherlock gasped into John’s mouth, going momentarily immobile, and John couldn’t help the grin that started across his face. He could feel his body adapting, stretching, relaxing, bringing Sherlock in. The sharp pain gave way to a feeling of fullness, which gave way to something warm and lovely, something that sparked at his nerve endings and made his breathing hitch. He relaxed his legs around Sherlock’s waist ever so slightly and nodded, a communication that Sherlock was free to move.
let alone observe. If John hadn’t been so preoccupied with the state of his own subconscious, he might have noticed. He might have asked her about it. She might not have to be alone in this.
“Sherlock.” John ran his hand down Sherlock’s side, along his waist. “I didn’t know. If I had known…”
John stepped forward, hands still tight in his pockets. They were the safest there, he figured, where he could control them. “Of course,” he said. “Of course I’m sure.”
“You can either be upset with me for running after him or upset with me for letting him go,” John said, shoving the Jaffa cakes in the cupboard with arguably more force than needed. “But you can’t be upset with me for both. So make up your mind.”
, the man who believed that sentiment was a weakness and love was a chemical defect and relationships were meaningless, the man who set John straight about his desire to engage in any sort of romantic relationship mere hours after meeting him. John recognized a hopeless situation when he saw one, and he was never one to waste his time on futility. Best to realize when something is impossible and move the hell on. Besides, John enjoyed the odd little friendship he had managed to cobble together with Sherlock and didn’t want to do anything to cock it up, especially now that he had Sherlock back from the dead. His subconscious, it would seem, wasn’t so easily dissuaded.
“Didn’t Lestrade ask for your help looking for those black market surgeons?” John asked. “The ones that escaped? Isn’t that…” John waved a hand, “worthy of your time and attention?”
“Murdered,” Sherlock said, flapping a hand to the side. “That’s the boring bit. Bullet to the head. Dull.”
might be another. From what he remembered of it, knocking the place to the ground might actually be the best course of action for the city. He scrawled out a signature on the petition anyway and handed the clipboard back to the woman. “You know there was a dead body found there, right?” he asked. “Three years ago?”
John chuckled and Sherlock grinned, risking a glance in John’s direction. His gaze lingered, and John saw something like want in his eyes.
“That doesn’t bother me,” John said. “I’d like to think I’ve grown used to criminals coming after me by now.”
Standing over her, fists raised in the air, was Mrs. Hudson. On her right hand was a blood-tinged set of brass knuckles.
” Sherlock said. “Perhaps you’d have longer to chat with your girlfriend if you hadn’t taken so much time in the bath.”
Sherlock’s eyes were cool water, the only thing keeping John from erupting into flames. The helicopters were much closer now. Harsh propellers stirred the smoke into the air and swept Sherlock’s hair from his forehead. His face was alight from the fire.
“Of course,” Sherlock continued, “if there is something so irreconcilably appalling about being in a relationship with
John felt his heart do a funny thing. Sherlock could feel it too, John was sure, thrumming against his forearm. “What’s wrong with that?” John asked. His voice sounded odd, a shaking rasp.
John became aware that he still held his soiled vest in his hand. He stuffed it into his back pocket, hoping Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t scrutinize the garment too closely. “No,” he said. “You’ve got it all—”
The fire heated the little cottage nicely, filling the room with a flickering glow and the warm smell of burning wood. John’s body, relieved that it was fed and resting for more than a few consecutive moments, slipped into relaxation, sinking into the worn sofa. Eventually, John’s eyes started dropping shut and his head bobbed against his chin. There was no fighting it now.
John glanced back at Sherlock. Even he could tell that something was amiss. His eyes asked a question that he didn’t need to verbalize. Sherlock raised an eyebrow in response. This was certainly unexpected, a mystery. John placed a hand on the gun in his waistband, but didn’t go to the effort of drawing the weapon. He could tell that he was unlikely to need it.
“It’s just,” Gilly said, checking her makeup in the camera of her mobile, “the way he is with you. The way you are with him. You can see why I worry.”
“Haven’t you already done enough to that poor man?” Mrs. Hudson asked, flapping her rag in the direction of Sherlock’s open bedroom door, just behind John.
John heard Sherlock shift in the sitting room and John forced himself not to turn around to look at him. This silence between them was a vicious creature, with claws that tore at John. Sherlock always had something to say about everything, and even when John didn’t have the first bloody clue what Sherlock was talking about he enjoyed listening to him. The lack of words made John fear that something had broken between the two of them, something that was largely John’s fault. John could withstand quite a lot in this life. He had withstood the horrors of war, squared off against criminals, killed men, seen men die. Hell, he was currently locked away in a remote cottage, waiting for a serial killer to find him. None of that was particularly frightening. No—what was frightening, what frightened John the most of anything at the moment, was the thought of losing Sherlock.
That thing inside of Sherlock, the thing that was bent well past capacity, shattered. “Is that what you want?” he asked. His voice sounded like splinters.
John had said to him, wiping his mouth and doing his best to mask his smile with the back of a hand,
John stopped again, wincing and panting. “If you even so much as lift me one millimeter off the ground,” he said, “I will snap your arm in two.”
John had a blinding headache. “You’re thinking of this like a game,” he snapped. “It’s not a game, Sherlock. This is my wife. Do you understand that?”
“Look at me,” John said, some cross between his soldier-voice and something else—a new voice that Sherlock doubted even John’s patients ever heard, something soft and suspiciously close to caring. Sherlock, of course, had no choice but to comply. He opened his eyes and met John’s gaze. John had blood smudged across his forehead and his face was strained and twitching, yet his eyes were clear, temporarily shunning all signs of agony to be only a source of comfort, a spot of clear skies amidst storm clouds. Sherlock had a sense that if he did anything to harm this man, there was absolutely no way he could be permitted to go on living in this world.
Sherlock lifted his hand and looked as if he was going to pat John on the shoulder, a consolatory touch. He thought better of it and went back to his mobile.
“You do too,” John said. “You pretend to be all cool. Arrogant. A brilliant, unfeeling detective. But inside you’re just a big softie.”
John’s eyes slid open the tiniest of slivers. He looked at Sherlock’s hand as if it were some insurmountable obstacle, but nodded all the same. He pressed his palm into Sherlock’s and hauled himself from the loo, hissing and cursing as his leg moved, straightened. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John, tucked under John’s armpits, and John let his weight fall against Sherlock, barely possessing the strength to grab onto Sherlock for support. Sherlock moved John slowly and John allowed himself to be moved.
John’s mobile started ringing in his pocket and he nearly screamed. He released Sherlock’s hand and scrambled for his mobile. Gilly. She was video-calling him.
“The locks were certainly broken,” Sherlock said, “and the cameras were certainly placed, both by the Holiday Killer. But
“And when Neville arrives at the bank and discovers that we’re already here,” you ask, “how is he liable to respond?”
“I’ve loved you from the beginning, you know,” Sherlock said. “And with all of me. Everything I have.” Just above him, the clouds were starting to open up, little drops of rain weeping down on their already-wet bodies. The wind picked up again, and a wave touched at their legs, frothing against the white sand. Sherlock’s eyes were the bluest thing on the island.
Sherlock’s eyes slid closed. His face twitched. He nodded. “Thank you,” he said. He stayed that way—eyes closed, face at war with itself—for just a moment longer before sitting up, tucking his elbows onto his knees. He ruffled his fingers through his hair. He took several deep breaths, each growing more still, more calm with every exhale. When he raised his head, his face was a wall. Opaque. Impenetrable. He turned to look at John and the whole of him was cold, frozen.
John lost mates in Afghanistan. Good mates, blokes he’d known since he enlisted. Some of them, he’d watched die too. Some of them he tried to save, tried to put pressure on wounds and bandage up spewing lacerations, a futile denial of the losing battle he was fighting. He was sad, sure, but he got over it. They would pop into his thoughts from time to time, but he would mostly just shake his head over the fact that he hadn’t thought of them in ages. Their loss didn’t make him bin random bits of his wardrobe or cry over dim sum or avoid large swaths of a city as if they were infected with some sort of plague. Their loss
“You were hemming and hawing over nearly half of the menu, taking an exceedingly long time to decide, even by your standards, and I told you to just order the linguine because it would be the dish you’d like best.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted back down to his body. “I’m not…” he started. “That is, I’m not meaning to imply that I want to… That I
John’s mouth moved. It didn’t make much sense to keep repeating the same word over and over, but he couldn’t think of another. His brain was sputtering. There was an image of a brick wall that kept flashing into his mind. Someone making a sound—a loud sound.
“I ought to have,” Sherlock said, his eyes on John. “I ought to have paid more attention to beautiful things.”
“Monks sought the seclusion of the island,” Sherlock said. “They believed that the solitude would bring them closer to God.”
with it,” Mrs. Hudson was nearly shoving him up the stairs. “Sooner the better for these sorts of things. Like ripping off a plaster.”
Sherlock turned. If he was taken aback by John’s bottom-of-the-sea appearance, he didn’t let on. “I am,” he said.
“The flash drive is priceless to them,” Sherlock said, whirling about the room. John was waiting for one of Sherlock’s feet to crash through the hole in the floor, but he remained balanced. “Worth millions. More. Oh, Will...how much money did they offer you to retrieve their treasure for them? Was it the full one-point-two million? Or even more than that? Enough to pay off your debts and then some?” With that, Sherlock was out the door, rushing down the stairs. Fitz followed, his little body wriggling with excitement.
“Sometimes it isn’t,” John said, taking another inadvisably long sip of his wine. “Sometimes the lie is easier than the truth.”
“I will.” Sherlock kissed him once more, a gentle, slow press of lips to lips, a goodbye that was no longer meant to be permanent. “Happy anniversary, John.”
They had spent the whole of the previous evening watching over Lucy. Sherlock had insisted that they bring her into their cottage to keep her safe, and John had voiced no protest. It was easy to coax her inside—Lucy sauntered after John idly—but once inside she seemed confused and rather put off by the lack of grass. Sherlock fetched some of the extra linens from the storage closet and the two laid them on the floor, taking turns to clean up the mess that Lucy made all over everything. Between the torn-up floor of the sleeping quarters above the café and the bits of sheep piss getting all over everything in the guest cottage, John had a feeling that the O’Sullivans would be more than a little perturbed by the two of them.
“That’s something, at least,” John muttered. He cleared his throat. “So. Based on what I remember. You were...behind me?”
“I can’t say I won’t carry on being an arse,” Sherlock said, mostly into his own wine glass. “But I’ll try.”
John followed him, standing in the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest. “Do you not want me to get married?”
Rosie quieted down a bit, forsaking the brain-rattling screams for needy whimpers. He walked with her into the kitchen to warm up her bottle, wishing he had enough forethought to bring his mobile with him. He had an urge to text Sherlock that seemed impossible to tamp down at the moment. Sherlock kept hours that were surprisingly similar to Rosie’s since he returned from his four minutes of exile, complete with countless naps, time spent horizontal and staring at the ceiling, and bouts of confusing fussiness.
“Stranglings,” Sherlock repeated. He jostled John harder. The bed shook. The headboard clattered against the wall. The springs in the mattress made a dying sound.
Sherlock growled. He pressed another sloppy kiss to John’s barely-functioning mouth before popping off his body and making short work of the both of their clothes. Sherlock perched on the mattress, ready to crawl back on top of John, when John sat up, shifted to his knees.
In Mary’s tiny cottage, on some freezing corner of an island off the coast of Finland, explosives were detonating. The sound was so loud it was practically its own color and everything seemed to be screaming and aflame around John. There was rushing and shouting and everything was an indiscernible blur. John wasn’t even particularly sure where his body was positioned in space anymore. He may have been moving, but which parts of him were doing what was a mystery. Bits of house were tumbling down around him and John was certain they were all about to die.
just have one of those faces. His face—sharp angles and precise lines and chiseled edges—is like something from a bloody magazine. You would remember if you’d seen his face before, but you still can’t shake the feeling that you
Behind Sherlock, the falls roared. A gust of frigid mist blew off the water, chilling him to the bone. Water pooled on the rocks by his knees.
The man’s eyes dart down to the coins in your palm, then back up at you, the little flicker of amusement back. He doesn’t move, but the corner of his lips twitch. “I’m
John looked sorry as well, for reasons Sherlock couldn’t quite deduce. “You’ve known since my wedding,” he said. He shook his head, blinked. “God. All the things that have happened since then.”
“Christ, Sherlock,” John said, sidling up next to Sherlock with a hand hovering just over Sherlock’s arm, ready to grab him if he started to pitch off the side of the cliff. “Be careful.”
so much,” Sherlock continued, stepping even closer, his voice on the border of yelling, “how is it you have never once considered how any of this affects me? Why did it take Mrs. Hudson to call your attention to it? And even then—even
Sherlock slid his shirt off his shoulders, allowing it to drop to the floor. He fiddled with his belt with dumb fingers. The clink of the buckle seemed to be the loudest noise in the room. There was something rather illicit about the whole of it, about peeling off his trousers and slipping into bed next to a partially-clothed John. Sherlock felt his heartbeat pick up in pace. He wasn’t particularly certain what that was all about.
how he had wanted it—but at the same time he didn’t want it, not like that. Not like Sherlock had sucked him off to prove a point, to show him just how little they meant to each other. He came screaming into Sherlock’s mouth, the hardest he had come in years, and it shattered his heart.
Then he spied something midway down the cliff—a piece of metal glinting in the sunlight. He narrowed his eyes, leaning forward as far as he could muster. There was something metallic that seemed to be hammered into the face of the cliff itself. And just a few meters below it, another piece of metal. And another. Another. Cams, Jon realized. Carabiners. The kinds of things used for rock climbing.
On the telly, a man dressed as a clown nearly broke down in tears after winning a new cooker. The crowd cheered and the man shook Monty Hall’s hand emphatically.
John adjusted himself in his pyjamas. His cock reminded him that lengthier touches were preferred, but John ignored the suggestion. As a precaution, he brought his free hand up to his hair.
Sherlock tugged John to his feet. “Move quickly,” he said. He was wiping the concern from his face, turning himself back to a blank slate, but John could still see traces of it around the edges.
John tipped to the side, resting his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. “I think I’ll have a  little kip,” he said. “Wake me when we get to Baker Street.”
hard. John did his best not to press particularly hard. Still, he took the day off from the surgery and purposefully silenced his mobile. He hadn’t meant to do anything in particular except stare at a wall and do his best not to get through the whole of his whiskey, but instead he found himself downtown. Sitting on a bench outside of Barts Hospital. Staring directly across the street at the pavement that caught Sherlock’s fall. Trying very, very hard not to cry.
“Yeah,” Darren said. “The place was still considered a crime scene until a few days ago. We didn’t touch anything after, though.”
The rain started in the late afternoon, bringing with it a haze that obscured the view past the first batch of ruins and relegated the two of them to the cottage. Sherlock behaved exactly as expected of an animal in captivity, pacing about and muttering to himself, while John settled on the sofa with Declan’s journal and a cup of tea.
Sherlock pushed his way behind the counter, still narrating part of his tour. “So,” he said, “this island has been uninhabited for sixty-two years. The remaining Islanders found homes on the mainland. The ones that documented their lives say it was never quite the same. They’re a dying breed now. One day, all that will be left to remember this island is the romantic prose of those who used to call the place a home. Speaking of…” Sherlock sidled up next to John, wrapping his arms around John and pulling him into a lazy embrace. He kissed at John’s cheek and John felt himself blush, actually
The sincerity fell off Sherlock's face in a sheet and he was back to his cold self again. He released John’s arm and stood in one swift motion, stepping away from John to return to his conversation with Darren. He was talking about disemboweled sheep, his back fully to John, within seconds.
“Christ,” John breathed, his hand in Sherlock’s hair, on his cheek, pushing the sweat from his eyes. Sherlock was slowing his movements inside John, shifting inside him in slow, pulsing thrusts, each one making John’s worn body spark. Sherlock opened his eyes, looking down at John with an awed expression. John felt a smile come across his face and Sherlock smiled in return, blinking as if he was still trying to work out all that had transpired between them.
As such, John was a bit surprised when his arm slipped from underneath his head and came to rest gently against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock sighed and moved closer, his hand sliding across John’s chest. John wrapped his arm further around Sherlock. He could fit his arm nearly the whole of the way around Sherlock’s slender frame. Sherlock was warm against him and John sighed, feeling his body start to relax for the first time since he got into bed.
Sherlock was studying him. “You were wearing the oatmeal jumper,” he said. “When I said that to you.”
John followed Sherlock along the path, trying to dart behind him as Sherlock wavered and dodged the occasional footprint or disturbed bit of grass. John was already out of breath and his legs were complaining. He had a feeling this would be a long trek. Sherlock was muttering something to himself that John couldn’t quite make out and probably wouldn’t make a lick of sense to him if he did.
Talking to the police was tedious, as it always was. John’s bedroom was soon flooded with officers, taking pictures and dusting for prints. Paramedics came and handcuffed Gilly— slowly starting to regain consciousness—onto a stretcher. She was muttering something about her presumed innocence, but a floral-print duffel bag filled with all sorts of Gilly’s equipment—rope and knives and spare ammunition and other such things—seemed to be a rather damning piece of evidence against her.
John opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock beat him to it. “Right from the start,” he said. “From the moment he was introduced to me, I knew. I took one look at him and it was like I knew him. Knew everything about him.”
Sherlock hadn’t taken to Gilly. Truthfully, Sherlock never really took to any of John’s girlfriends, but he definitely hadn’t taken to Gilly. Mrs. Hudson certainly didn’t help things. The two of them seemingly refused to refer to Gilly by her name, usually addressing her as
Will lowered himself slowly, one shaking knee angled towards the ground at a time. “I told them I could get it to them,” he said. “I told them not to worry, they wouldn’t have to do a thing. I told them I knew exactly where it was.”
“Just imagine how much worse you would feel,” Sherlock whispered, leaning close to John’s ear, “if we let them take us around to see the bloody dolphin.”
Sherlock found his way back to consciousness gradually, blinking back into reality with hazy eyes. He looked around him, trying to make sense of his new environment. He thought he was meant to be on a case with John, but it would appear that instead he was in his bedroom, in his bed. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He usually didn’t sleep if there was a case on; this must mean that the case was solved. He didn’t remember solving the case. He didn’t remember returning to the flat or getting into his bed. He didn’t remember time passing, although quite a bit of time must have passed, judging by the lack of light coming in through his bedroom window. Sherlock made a grunting noise. His head felt useless and mushy, and the world had a slight tilt to it. He didn’t care for any of this. He wondered where John was.
John scratched out a few more words before taking the notepad in both hands and slamming it against the table. Sherlock once saw John do the same to a criminal trying to attack the two of them—he grabbed the man by the sides of his face and slammed his head into a wall. It gave Sherlock the sense that John rather wished that his notepad was someone’s head at the moment. John ripped the paper from the pad, not stopping at just the sheet on which he had been writing, and threw the crumpled lot of it in the direction of the other wads. Bits of paper scattered across the floor, followed shortly by John’s pen. John exhaled in a long moan, digging his fingers through his hair and squeezing his eyes closed.
“You’re alright,” he said again, although he began to wonder if he was talking to himself. He tipped back away from John, leaning against the untouched bed that was meant to be his. He drew his legs to his chest and rested his forearms on his knees. John’s head was still tilted towards him and the streetlight shining through the windows illuminated his sleeping face. Sherlock was melting, his organs clammy, skin soggy, eyes leaking the remnants of ice that took so long to form.
“Lovely,” John said. It would seem he only had the ability to speak one word at a time now. He reached up with a tentative hand and patted at Sherlock’s arm. He had completely forgotten how physical touch worked, and he had a feeling he wasn’t quite doing it right.
,” Sherlock said, tapping at his temples. “Ordinarily metal detectors would be used for these sorts of things, but I can’t imagine how we’ll get one all the way out here. We’ll have to use our observational skills.”
dreams in a rather more amorous mood, and more than once Sherlock found himself barely awake before John’s hands were on him and his mouth was traveling down Sherlock’s body. Sherlock had very little to complain about.
“You can sell anything on the black market,” said Sherlock. “The current rate for intestines is just under two thousand pounds. Fairly affordable, all things considered. And John’s supposed answer to the Monty Hall problem is fallacious, as there is no added benefit to switching one’s choice after the host opens a door.”
“You…” John was still trying to redirect his brain to focus on the topic at hand rather than mourn the sudden disappearance of Sherlock’s visible midsection. “You told them...I...what?”
Will, thankfully, seemed to adopt a similar strategy as he ambled his way up the rocky incline towards the island. “Just the one?”
John tucked his knees to his chest, curling up as small as he could. He wrenched his arms down his back, over his hips. It was a stretch, and he felt his shoulders groan. The ropes dug into his wrists, grinding against skin, tightening. John ignored it all. He jerked his arms over his hips, across his arse. He slipped his legs through the hole of his arms and then his arms were in front of him again, throbbing and angry but
They sat their bags down in the sitting room. They hadn’t spoken a word to each other during the whole of the car ride home. They didn’t seem keen on breaking the silence at the moment. John realized that the next three days spent in the company of nobody else save for his wife seemed like the keenest sort of torture.
Sherlock felt a sad smile twitch across his lips. John heard him, but Sherlock repeated himself anyway. “I love you,” he said.
“Yeah,” John said. His fork slapped dumbly against his pasta. “And now I never will.” What little appetite he had was fading rapidly. He finished off the last of his wine. “I should have tried harder,” he said. “For you. I should have tried harder.”
“The blog is meant to turn your scrupulous and precise science of deduction,” John said, “into something palatable and entertaining enough for people to read without falling asleep. So they’ll contact us with their problems. So you can get cases and won’t resort to shooting the walls out of boredom. Including lengthy details about a dirty car doesn’t quite suit that purpose.”
There was a shift in the blankets as John pulled them over himself. Sherlock could practically feel John’s exhale resonate through the mattress. As reluctant as John seemed to join him in bed, it was clear that shifting to a horizontal sleeping position was already providing ample relief for his body. John exhaled again and the sound somehow coaxed some tension from Sherlock’s bones as well. He could feel the bed warming with John’s presence, the body heat of another ebbing its way through the blankets. There was a comfort to it, like falling asleep with a hot water bottle at your feet on cold winter nights. Like being sung to sleep by a loving parent who was still quite relieved that the day’s electrocution hadn’t proven fatal. John’s breaths were even, slowing. Exhaustion was taking him. Sherlock felt the mattress shift as John rolled onto his side, his warmth moving that much closer to Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyelids were heavy and his limbs were immobile. He drifted.
“How long we’ve been together doesn’t really matter,” Gilly said. “What matters is how we feel about each other. All this time we’ve been dating, why have you stayed with me? What is it about me that you love?”
we’ll call the police. Harder for them to refute his guilt in that instance, although Lord knows they’ll probably try.”
“Oi,” Conor said. “You okay?” Conor was a bright-faced lad, with a shock of unruly dark hair and a smattering of freckles across his cheeks. He was unusually talkative, and he and Fitz seemed to be joined at the hip.
A bit concerning, that. Objectively so. He probably ought to be concerned. He still couldn’t manage to find the emotion, though.
the surgeon had said, knife digging into Sherlock’s throat, half a hair away from spilling the contents of Sherlock’s jugular onto the floor.
“Nothing initially,” Sherlock said. “Quite frustrating. He’s much more responsive when he’s not on holiday. I had to text him over a dozen times before he even answered.” Sherlock sighed against John’s neck. “Lestrade knows a surprising breadth of profanity.”
been good. It was terrible and painful and completely out of line and just the thought of it, just a flicker of the memory of Sherlock on his knees in front of him, was making John hard again.
“So,” John said, surprising himself at the flutter of nerves flickering in his stomach, “you are under no obligation to—and honestly, with how I’ve treated you, you would be within your rights if you just walked away from me right now. But, god, Sherlock. I have loved you so much and for so long, and of course I’m sure. I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life. And all I want—all I’ve ever wanted—is to be able to show you, in whatever way you’ll let me, just how bloody much you mean to me. You don’t have to. And god knows you probably shouldn’t. But, Christ, Sherlock—if you’ll have me—”
John found himself staring at Sherlock. This was actually quite an accurate description of their relationship, right from the moment they moved into the Baker Street flat. They had always worked so well together, and John’s life was intertwined with Sherlock’s in a way it had never been with any significant other, past or current. It made him wonder if he were even physically capable of leaving Baker Street, leaving Sherlock, or if the very act might rip something out of him.
Sherlock nodded, wrapping the suture into a knot as quickly as he could manage without being careless. He needed to get John out of this bathroom as soon as possible, get him reclined and resting, comfortable. Once the knots were properly tied, Sherlock examined his work. The sutures were even, well-spaced and the appropriate degree of tight against the skin. Still, John’s skin looked angry and red, starting to swell a bit around the stitching and dotted with bits of blood. Sherlock frowned, wishing that he had somehow been able to make the wound completely erase itself instead.
“Did you get a look at him?” Sherlock asked. John thought he heard irritated voices on Sherlock’s end, something like
“Plenty good it did you as well,” Sherlock said, snatching the whiskey glass back from John. “You, turning over every rock and skirt in London on a search for the elusive construct. After you finally found it, where did falling in love, finding the person you’re meant to be with and committing to a life with them forever, land you, John?” Sherlock’s nose wrinkled, a little sneer. “Back at Baker Street with your sociopathic friend.”
Sherlock stared at the fresh puddle on the floor with confusion. “Yes,” he said. “I see that.” He stepped over the puddle and sat himself on the rim of the tub, his face full of excitement. “I’ve worked out a new theory about the Holiday Killer’s methods,” he said. “I have reason to believe that he not only attended to the movements of the couples while they were away from the house but also used that time to prepare the house itself in some manner.”
is pretending?” he asked. “You know, being Sherlock Holmes. Flipping your collar up and acting all cool, with your posh suits and your dramatic twirling.”
Arms next. He flopped again. He felt an arm swing, and the fingers that were a cooler temperature than his other fingers noticed a slip of air as they apparently moved. Dangling. One of his arms was dangling off something. Not a cliff, hopefully. No, not that. He would feel the rocks press against him if he was dangling off a cliff. What his arm was dangling off of felt soft, giving. And the not-oppressive thing covering him felt soft as well.
” She pointed an accusing finger at John’s rumpled appearance. “I don’t know how he’ll possibly cope once you’re gone now. Now that you’ve given him hope.”
Sherlock still held the jumper—an old brown thing—that once contained the revolver. He studied the jumper, turning it over in his hands. He looked up at John and narrowed his eyes. He looked back at the jumper.
“Yeah,” John said. In truth, it was already going faster than he thought. She could roll over onto her tummy and push herself onto her elbows. Moving towards crawling, John knew. She babbled incessantly and
“Right,” John said. Leave it to Sherlock to find the least romantic way of asking if he could strip bare in front of him. It was, however, rather in keeping with Sherlock’s mood for much of the evening.
Anybody else, you would think it was some obvious lie, a half-arsed excuse not to see you anymore. With him, you aren’t so certain.
“I’m ashamed of myself,” John said against Sherlock’s mouth. He nipped at Sherlock’s lips, grinning. “So bloody ashamed.” He kissed Sherlock again—light, teasing. “So,” he said, “how did I do?”
John sighed, shaking himself back into reality. Right. Tea. And he was in dire need of a wash-up. He poured himself a cuppa and told his already-plumping cock to quiet down. As he was waiting for his tea to steep, Fitz darted back into the room, looking quite proud of himself. He held a ruffled bit of something in his teeth.
Somewhere in the room, somebody rolled to the side and vomited. This might have happened just now or twenty minutes ago and Sherlock’s brain only recently registered the noise. The dull splatter of fairly-empty stomach contents against bare floor. The choked cough of an esophagus too tired to put up much of a fight. A groan. The sick smell of bile floating back towards him. The first night Sherlock came to this particular establishment—the night of John and Mary’s wedding—he had been sick too. He hadn’t used in ages, not since before he met John, and he miscalculated the depreciation of his tolerance. No matter. He gained it all back in no time, and then some. He was a quick study.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Sherlock said, each word somehow more challenging to pronounce than the next. “He’ll set the matter straight. Call him.”
However, when John arrived back at the cottage, Sherlock wasn’t there. His case materials appeared undisturbed and it looked as if Sherlock hadn’t even been in the kitchen to make tea. John narrowed his eyes, starting up the stairs.
He nods. His body is against yours once more and you need for it to always be there. “John Watson,” he says, and you love how your name sounds in his mouth.
“Fitz has got Declan’s journal,” John said, still trying to wrest the thing from a very excited and surprisingly strong Fitz.
John’s arms tightened along Sherlock’s back. He dug his fingers into the sopping fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. A crack tore through the rocks just behind him. “I know,” he said. “But you can’t stay here forever. You have to go back. You have to go back to the other me. If I know him, he’ll be waiting for you. He’ll be worried.”
Sherlock. And I’ve got a fucking assassin of a wife—ex-wife, I suppose—and god knows when she’ll be back in town and I have no idea what that’ll be like but I have a feeling it won’t be pleasant. And—as I’ve already mentioned—I am the biggest bloody idiot on the planet and I can’t guarantee I’ll get any brighter overnight.”
When they arrived back at the little white cottages at the top of the hill, Sherlock checked his watch with a frown. It was about half-five.
all the bloody time. Even first thing in the morning, or when he had been unshowered and moping for days on end in between cases, he was unquestionably the nicest thing to look at in a room at any given time. It wasn’t fair.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. “Not when we can use this flash drive to lure Will back to the island.”
“I’m fine,” John said, doing little to contain his smile. He had been certain they were all about to die, and it was unspeakably nice to be looking at Sherlock’s face once more. He started picking the debris out of Sherlock’s hair. “Christ, Sherlock,” he said. “Look at you.”
woman,” he pointed again, “saved the tags to that jacket so she can return it the next day. And not a one of them wants to be at this party. They attended out of obligation and they all intend on leaving early.”
It was a silent flight to Frankfurt. A flight attendant offered John a drink. It was half-seven in the morning. He accepted.
John’s fingers continued fiddling with the drawstring on his pyjamas. His knuckles brushed up against his cock with each movement of his fingers. His body was warm, buzzing.
“Hello Doctor Watson,” Conor said once John took a seat along the edge of the boat. “Mister Holmes said you met the werewolf.”
“I suppose not,” John said. “But no one really likes to have a row with their friends, now do they?” He purposefully omitted that this was a bit more than a row, that it seemed as if they both found a way to really hurt the other. He couldn’t stop thinking of Sherlock’s face at the end, valiantly trying to hide a look of hurt as he faced John.
You feel everything in you grow light but you don’t have the time to respond because his mouth is back on yours, swallowing you up. You wrap your arms around him and pull him close, closer,
John wasn’t paying very much attention at all to the roar of the storm outside until another boom of thunder rocketed through the cottage. He meant to stay still, but he flinched in the bed anyway, the sound of his labored exhales nearly drowning out the din of the rain.
“And this is the part,” Mary said, “where you would say that you love me and want me to be happy too.”
John felt his throat grow tight. “It can be fatal,” he said. “Caning. People don’t think so. They think it’s just someone being hit with a stick. But it can be deadly. If there’s too much blood loss. If the wounds get infected.” He swallowed. “If the person is hit too many times.”
John reminded himself that they would have the day together. They would be out exploring the town again, or whatever Sherlock had planned. They would pretend to be a couple some more. They would hold hands as they walked down the street. Sherlock would snake his arm around John’s as they stood in shops. John could smile at Sherlock and watch him smile back. It would be lovely, all of it, even if it was all for show. John did not care for how much this train of thought made him feel like a lovesick teenager.
“It’s been a while since I’ve had a relationship with a man,” Sherlock said, “but I am fairly certain I remember the basic mechanics.”
“I’ll never change my mind about you touching me,” John said, and licked a thick stripe up Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock gasped and his hands closed tight in John’s hair. John’s mouth moved along Sherlock’s cock, placing teasing kisses along his shaft, smiling at the sounds Sherlock made above him. If it meant that Sherlock was making those sounds, that John was pulling those sounds from him, John was keen to keep on doing this forever—mouthing at Sherlock’s cock, swirling his tongue around his head, taking the whole of him in, as deep into his throat as he could manage.
smile that crinkled at his eyes and looked ever so slightly stunned, as if he was not expecting any of the words that came from John’s mouth. It coaxed a smile from John in return, the widest smile he’d found on his face all day. For a moment, they were lost.
Sherlock scanned his memory, trying to make sense of all that had happened. The last thing he remembered, he was at a loud-yet-silent, dark-yet-bright bar with John, trying to catch a serial date rapist. He had the affected cocktails narrowed down to three and was reasonably certain that he had identified the beverages that did and did not have Rohypnol in it. All that was left was to test his hypothesis. He sighed, flopping back on the bed. Apparently, he had been mistaken.
Sherlock and John lay on the bed, naked and tangled, catching their breath. A luster of sweat glistened on their bodies and their hair was matted and damp. They were somehow both a bit of a mess, but neither one cared. Their heads were inclined towards each other, foreheads pressed together, lips close enough to touch but for the moment preoccupied mostly with dumb smiles and breathing. John gave a full-body sigh, the only remaining action his body could manage. Sleep was chasing him and closing quickly, sinking into his spent muscles. Sherlock’s hand rested on John’s chest, feeling for his heartbeat as it thudded and slowed.
“As such,” Sherlock said, pushing the conversation forward despite John’s stuttering, “this leaves you as the only member of this dyad with no experience being in a relationship with a—”
“More to the point,” John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock, “I don’t think I had much say in the matter. I was always going to love you. That’s just how it worked.” He shrugged. “Not that it would change anything if I had a choice. You could pull back a curtain and give me my pick of all the eligible bachelors in London and I’d still choose you. It’s inevitable.”
When Sherlock returned from the field, he sank back down at John’s side, tugging the head-lamp from his forehead. “Sleep,” he said. “I can keep watch.”
Sherlock was smiling down at John. “You see?” he said. “Just be patient. They’ll grow comfortable with you.”
“Please,” Sherlock said. “You have to stop this.” Sherlock rolled forward, grabbing at the leg John had perched on the mattress, hugging at his knee. He twisted, burying his face into the crease of John’s hip. “Please,” he said.
John and Mary had nodded. Keeping emotions out of it had constituted the majority of their marriage at this point.
John swallowed the remainder of the whiskey and felt the burn sink down his throat, into his stomach. It matched the burning in his eyes, under his skin. It felt as if the whole of him was made of that sick burning. He twirled the empty glass in his hands, watching the lights from the candle flicker off the side of it.
John felt something twist inside of himself, a hand crunching down on his innards. Sherlock had been fresh from Serbia, then, when he returned to London. He had spent god-knows-how-long trapped with Serbian gangsters, intent on doing god-knows-what to him until they eventually killed him. He had been with them long enough to teach himself how to calm down, how to gain control of himself in an uncontrollable situation. How to breathe. For all John knew, Sherlock had been days separated from all that when he stepped onto London soil, trace particles of Serbia still trapped under his fingernails when he interrupted John’s proposal to Mary.
John watched Sherlock’s smile widen, set a firm footing on his face. God, John thought, he loved Sherlock’s smile.
room in the flat was dark, including Rosie’s. Odd, John thought. They usually kept a little light on in Rosie’s room. As quietly as possible, John unlocked the front door and walked inside.
“What?” John said. The two were enjoying a late weekend breakfast at their kitchen table, and the topic seemed hardly relevant to morning talk. A piece of toast still rested in John’s hand, paused midway to his mouth.
Sherlock studied John with an expression that John couldn’t quite read, which was a bit unfair given that Sherlock existed entirely in John’s mind. “I knew that you needed me.”
“I am perfectly aware of who is texting you all the goddamn time,” Sherlock said. “Between the texts and the phone calls and the video chats, I can’t believe you have time to even eat, let alone help me solve this case.”
In the distance, Sherlock heard a rumble of what sounded like thunder. He furrowed his brow. He didn’t think it was meant to rain tonight.
he could be a few short hours prior. He had woken up to the sound of crashing and clattering just an arm’s distance from his head, which was not his preferred way to wake up by far. He had a moment where he felt tugged back to Afghanistan, reaching for a weapon before realizing that it—of course—was only Sherlock.
John’s eyes shot open. It was mostly dark wherever he was, but the dim light drove into his unaware skull all the same, filling his brain with a fuzzy fire that had him slamming his eyes shut immediately. He went to curse.
“I keep thinking he can’t be dead,” John said, the words escaping him before he realized he was talking. “I keep thinking it has to be a trick, that I’ll turn the corner one day and he’ll just be there in that ridiculous coat of his and he’ll start prattling on about some scheme that’s bloody lost on me and we’ll be off again, on an adventure.”
Sherlock used to be right all the time, about so many things. He used to love when John admitted it. He used to turn into a bioluminescent being whenever John smiled at him, called him
“You can’t leave now,” Sherlock said, his hand moving faster along John’s face, as if trying to smooth him out. “Do you realize that? You can’t. Not ever. Leaving after this would be a cruelty. Please.”
He bit at his lip. He dug his fingernails into the armrests of his chair. He sucked in a breath and tensed his muscles and did all he could to hold himself together but the whole of it did nothing. He was breaking, of
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, his voice already growing slow with sleep. He could feel himself starting to drift again, echoes of John’s voice filling his mind.
Sherlock could feel something start to bend inside of him, something that might break soon if pressed upon. Sherlock decided to press anyway. “John,” he said.
“Mmmm,” John said. “Sort of. After she literally came to your flat. And announced herself. As the Holiday Killer.”
!” John shouted again, which he figured was the epitome of futility. He took off back up the path, doing his best to follow along with the boat as it moved along the island and speeding further and further away. He had no real plan in mind and wasn’t even particularly sure what he hoped to gain from chasing a bloody boat, but he was right pissed off and figured he needed to do something. By the time he was back in the field, however, the boat was a speck in the distance and his lungs were burning. His legs clattered to a halt and he stood at the edge of the island, shouting out as many panted profanities at the little boat as he possibly could before bending in half and focusing on catching his breath.
“It’s all right, love,” he mumbled, his tongue heavy with sleep. He probably didn’t even know he said it.
“Why?” John asked, barely listening anymore, still straining for Sherlock’s mouth. “Why is it unfortunate?”
More bullets—one, two, three—flew into the house. Sherlock ducked onto the ground, covering his head. A piece of glass shattered behind John.
John stood, setting his cup in the sink. He started up the stairs. Sherlock remained at the table for one blinking moment longer, then followed John into the bedroom.
. He could still hear the faint C to F synthesizer transition of that song, fainter now that he was outside but seemingly chasing him, and his lungs were certainly not taking in enough oxygen. He pressed himself against a wall and bent in half and tried to get his head between his legs but when he closed his eyes he saw John again—face contorted, mouth open, hands pressed against the brick of the alleyway, pushing himself back against Sherlock’s cock as he made noises Sherlock never could have imagined—and the song screamed through his brain (
“Just so you know,” John said to Fitz, clamping the extra nails between his teeth. “This isn’t like me.” He gestured towards his mobile, then waved a finger over the dumb smile still teasing at his face. “I don’t usually do this, this
Sherlock hadn’t answered. He was shuffling through John’s drawers, making a right mess of everything, by the sound of it.
the letter said, but of course John was going to. That was all a part of it, being married—spouses didn’t do things alone anymore; spouses were there to help each other. John felt he had been more than a little lax on his side of the spousal equation as of late.
John’s fingers traced the outline of Sherlock’s temples. Breathing was difficult again, but for much sweeter reasons. “I’d rather taste like you,” he said.
“Why did you do it?” Sherlock demanded. His tone was angry, but his leaking eyes decidedly weren’t. He was still shaking, his fingers vibrating as they touched at John. His curls were wild atop his head. “Why did you do
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John said, gaping at the photographs as he set Sherlock’s plate down on the coffee table. “Do those
“All right,” Sherlock said. He pulled his arm behind him, taking aim, preparing to lob the flash drive into the man’s waiting hands.
John looked up at Sherlock. With the bright sky behind him, he was nothing more than a silhouette atop the roof, hand to his ear as he held his mobile, coat fluttering in the wind. John hadn’t known what his face looked like that day, but it hadn’t stopped him from picturing it thousands of times over the years. Pained. Contorted. Similar, John figured, to the way his own face looked at the moment.
“Just fine,” Darren said with a smile. “They’re keeping her on the mainland until she finishes her antibiotics and then she’ll be back on the island in no time. Good as new.”
“She was smart,” Sherlock said, “taking the Tube to get to Heathrow. Less noticeable in a crowd of people. More bodies to throw in front of oneself if shots are fired.”
” He snatched the journal from John and popped up once more, bolting about the sitting room with no clear purpose. “Pencil!” he shouted. “I need a pencil.” He pointed at John. “Do you have a pencil?”
. And then Sherlock had kissed him, but it felt vicious. And then Sherlock had dropped to his knees in front of him, but it felt hateful. And John had wanted it—
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s lips for a sliver of a second. “We shouldn’t,” he said. “Anymore. Probably shouldn’t have to begin with.”
, as he eased his fingers out of himself. His eyes were still stinging and his face seemed wetter than it ought to be and his breathing wasn’t quite returning to normal.
John pulled out his laptop and did his best to comb through the social media sites of the victims, but he was never as good at pulling clues from photographs as Sherlock was. After a while, their dumb smiling faces began making John angry, and the ones Sherlock had told him were cheating on each other began making him feel oddly guilty. It didn’t help that he could barely focus, checking his mobile every few minutes.
“Sherlock,” John hissed, his voice wavering. “You bloody well know that I can't entertain any of those choices. I made my choice, Sherlock. As you once pointed out to me. I’ve bloody made my choice.”
, in the singular. However, the bedroom into which Claire led them boasted a lone double bed, made up with a neat quilt, dotted with little green and yellow flowers, tucked just over two pillows. John poked his head into the bedroom just across the hall. There was a double bed and two single beds in this one, none of which were made up. Right then. John sighed, his fingers tightening around the strap of his bag.
It was time, John knew. He needed to say the words. He needed to bring Mary back to London so the three of them—he, Mary, and Rosie—could be a family like they were meant to. They would keep Mary safe in London—Sherlock would keep her safe in London—and everything could be as planned, he and Mary living out their life together. Just as Sherlock said, it was what John had chosen. It wasn’t, however, what he wanted. And it certainly wasn’t what made him happy.
“Wow,” John said. Not a brief relationship, then. Time to really get to know a person. Time to be...intimate. John’s appetite was definitely gone now. “So,” John said, his mouth suddenly dry. “Did you love him?”
John sat on Declan’s bed, the mattress creaking underneath him, as Sherlock painstakingly examined the sleeves of each of Declan’s jumpers.
Lightning split through the sky, momentarily filling the greenhouse with a crackling, white light. Thunder rumbled towards them, a dull roar. A gust of wind drove the rain into the windows with increased vigor.
“Yeah,” John said. “Um. Thanks.” He never knew what to say in situations like this. Condolences never made him feel any better and always left him with an aching feeling that took hours to shake. Still, the proper thing to say was
“Now,” Sherlock said, “one of the more interesting differences between the maths problem and the actual show is that at the end the contestants aren’t blindly guessing after they choose. Sometimes they are given the option to switch
There was Sherlock, sitting on the white sands of the beach, knees hugged into his chest, in the middle of a horde of grey seals. The seals kept a bit of distance from him but otherwise seemed undisturbed by his presence. They carried on as usual, rolling about on their great bellies and waggling their flippers and horking and snuffing at one another. They seemed, as much as possible, to have accepted Sherlock as one of their own.
John permitted one finger—just the one finger—to trace the outline of his cock through his pyjamas. He blew out a shuddering exhale. It wasn’t enough by far.
“Shooting the walls out of boredom,” Sherlock said. “Giggling at crime scenes. Making clients who show up with boring stories cry by listing out their romantic failures. Drugging your coffee because I wanted to learn something about a case.” His mouth twitched into a little smile. “Last night.”
“John.” Lestrade was on his feet, a tentative hand reaching out for him but not so foolish as to actually touch him. “Wait. I’m sorry, mate. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“Well,” John said, “what’s the difference then? Between Sherlock Holmes as a fake boyfriend and Sherlock Holmes as a real boyfriend?”
The barkeep brought over their drinks and John downed nearly a third of his pint immediately. He considered whether he ought to explain to Lestrade that his situation with Mary was a bit more complicated than her cheating on him with a P.E. teacher. His situation with Mary, it took a bit more time to wrap one’s head around.
Sherlock pressed himself against John’s back, the length of his cock running along the cleft of John’s arse. He bit at John’s ear. “Not nearly as long as I have,” he whispered.
“John,” Mary said. She seemed exasperated, like she had told him to pick up his wet towels off the floor over a dozen times and was frankly sick of it. “I really wish you’d stop about all this.”
it’s too much, and you hear yourself make an utterly humiliating noise and he clamps a hand over your mouth (you
Mary would be upset, angry, betrayed; however, it was Rosie John worried about. Mary could decide to leave, decide to make
Fortunately, everyone settled down by nightfall. John sat on the floor, his back pressed against the sofa, and Lucy sidled up next to him, laying herself on the floor and allowing John to scratch at her head.
“It sounds odd,” Brennan said, “but it’s true. That dolphin and I have known each other over twenty years by now. I’ve been fishing off in the Sound since I was a lad, and the dolphin’s been there near the whole time. Been in the Sound since he was a calf, I think.”
of your possessions,” Sherlock said. “Many of your possessions. Specific possessions. The striped jumper.”
Sherlock surged forward into John’s mouth, pushing him backwards against the wall. His fingers dug into John’s hair, gripping, guiding. John’s head knocked against the wall and Sherlock’s cock knocked against the back of John’s throat and he gripped at Sherlock’s hips, not so much holding him still as holding on. Sherlock extracted one hand from John’s hair to prop himself against the wall, holding himself up as his hips snapped against John’s mouth. John moaned and felt the whole of Sherlock’s body shudder from the sensation. Sherlock’s cock seemed to be everywhere at once, across John’s lips, along his tongue, pounding at the back of his throat, hard and hot and fast and needy. John was a drooling mess already, fingers digging into Sherlock’s hips, breathing in tight gasps only when he could. The stone of the ruins cut into John’s back, into his head. He could barely feel it. Nonsense words dripped from Sherlock’s mouth—gibberish fragments of curses and praises and John’s name again and again.
You catch up to him, breathing a bit faster than before. “I—” you start. “What?” You point at the closed door. “Is he a bank robber?”
“I—” John said, but then Sherlock’s lips were against his neck, his head moving slightly, as if taking the time to give John a love-bite just over his pulse point. John tipped his head back and did his best to only make it look as if he were moaning. Sherlock’s breath was against him and his lips were soft and John’s eyes wanted to dip closed automatically but he forced them to stay open.
. Only this, only the two of them, pissed drunk and pressed against a brick wall in a dirty alleyway, grinding and panting like teenagers. All Sherlock could feel was John against him, all he could taste was John’s tongue on his, all he could hear was the whimpering noises John made as Sherlock’s fingers moved and stroked inside him. John’s cock had nudged his way out of its pants and was pressed against his stomach, red and leaking. Sherlock wished he had more than just the two hands. He was so hard he hurt.
“Hands and knees,” John said. His voice had gone thick. “You look gorgeous on your hands and knees.”
“Tonight is likely the night,” Sherlock said, moving his mouth to John’s jaw. “He’ll try to kill us tonight.”
He takes you down the street a little ways, then turns left. Then right. Then another left. You still aren’t particularly sure where the two of you are going, and you’re not certain that asking him would provide any additional clarity on the matter.
The swarm of seals still lay on the beach when John and Sherlock walked by, horking and grunting at each other in the surf. More of them seemed to be coming in from the waters, flopping along on their plump bellies like well-organized fish. John paused on the cliffs overlooking the beach, fully aware of the dumb smile on his face as he watched them. Sherlock’s eyes were on John, a tiny smile on his face.
“I can’t figure out…” John said, his hand in his hair, “I can’t tell what’s real anymore. I don’t know. I can’t remember—at least, I don’t think I can.”
There is also a real-life Fitz. His name isn’t Fitz, but I can state with 100% accuracy that he is a Very Good Boy.
John found himself at a complete loss for what to say. He opened his mouth on the off-chance that the perfect response would magically appear. It didn’t.
John sighed, watching Sherlock as he stood in front of his dresser, stiff as a board and clearly poking through nothing. Despite Sherlock’s barbed comments, he seemed vulnerable at the moment, rejected and a bit hurt. John felt a pang of guilt and cursed himself inwardly as he walked over to Sherlock. Cautiously, gently, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, his hands slipping around Sherlock’s slim chest. He rested his cheek against the nape of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock smelled nice, like warm aftershave and expensive shampoo and just a hint of cigarette smoke.
he was warm, all of his blood inside his body where it ought to be. “At Barts. When you fell… You didn’t…” It was an obvious question, but John felt he could never get enough confirmation of the fact that Sherlock was standing in front of him.
John couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something he ought to remember, something of some sort of significance.  It felt as if the memory was just out of reach, an object on a too-high shelf, and every time John strained his fingertips at it he only pushed it further away.
John leaned backwards on the toilet, straightening out his leg as much as possible. “Start at the waistband,” he said. “Cut downwards. Be careful. Those aren’t safety scissors.”
“Sherlock,” John said, grabbing at Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock turned to face him, seeming impatient with any action that kept him from returning to the sheep.
Sherlock seemed to drift off to sleep nearly immediately, but John found himself to be wide awake. The whole of his body was rigid, afraid to move or shift or even breathe too heavily, lest he encroach upon Sherlock’s side of the bed. He could hear Sherlock’s gentle breathing at his side but didn’t dare to glance over at him. He wasn’t sure what gazing upon Sherlock’s sleeping form would do to him at the moment.
Sherlock turned to liquid after, his hand dropping from his spent cock, his fingers loosening their grip on John’s hair. His head flopped forward and his body tipped after but John wrapped his arms tight around Sherlock’s chest, holding him in place. Low noises dropped from Sherlock’s slack mouth, whines and gasps and non-words. John’s name. His head tipped back again, slumping backwards over John’s shoulder.
They were still far too breathless for proper kissing. John teased Sherlock’s lip between his for just a moment before separating, exhaling, steadying himself, and then he was back in. He coaxed at Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock opened, taking him in. Sherlock’s nose nuzzled against his and they were still breathing a bit too hard for any of it and it was sloppy and out of sync and glorious. Sherlock’s hand slid up John’s chest, leaving a smear of semen in its wake, and he caught John by the nape of his neck, thumb tracing along John’s jaw. John nipped at Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock’s tongue dipped into John’s mouth and John felt Sherlock smile before he saw it, felt the way his lips turned upwards against his.
“It just seems that if there is any confusion,” you say, “and the police arrive but Neville isn’t here, it might look a bit like
Sherlock emitted a low chuckle, shaking his head slightly as if the extent to which John didn’t understand was laughable. “It ought to be impossible,” he said. “By all accounts, it
label Mrs. Hudson hurled at John. John had no idea what to do with any of it, so he did nothing and the two sat in silence, slowly sipping wine as the fire crackled.
Sherlock sighed. He studied John again. “My friend and colleague,” he said. He felt his face give a little twitch. “My friend,” he repeated. He sighed. “My best friend, Doctor John Watson. The man I—” he stopped, thought. “The man whose opinion I admire greatly.”
John swallowed, and it felt like a handful of razor blades sank into his throat. His arm went limp against Sherlock. “Right,” he said. A silence drifted between the two of them. Even the candle seemed afraid to crackle.
Sherlock smiled. He moved his hand underneath the covers, pressing it to the spot where, just beyond the blankets, John’s arm gently rested. “Yes,” he said. “I suppose we will.”
Sherlock was surprised to find that his breathing had quickened. He wondered what that was all about. While he wondered, words formed in his mind and soared out his mouth without him noticing. “You’d look at them often, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock heard himself say.
Sherlock lifted his head from John, looking down at him with gleaming, intense eyes. His hair was wild and sticking to the sweat on his temples. The flush had still not properly receded from his face. “To be perfectly clear,” he said. “You and I are in a relationship now.”
“Anderson thinks you’re still alive,” John said. His voice sounded soft, swallowed by the empty room.
The officers patted along Hugh’s body, searching for weapons. An officer pulled a pocketknife from his jacket. They reminded him that anything he said could be given in evidence and that he did not have to say anything. Hugh did not seem keen on accepting that advice.
, you bloody idiot,” Sherlock screamed at him. “How can you possibly be so stupid? How can you not see that it’s
“Jesus.” John pressed his eyes closed. He kept them closed. He rather hoped that if he kept them closed for long enough, he would be transported to another time and place, far from here. He heard the door close and Sherlock’s footsteps go back down the stairs.
John released Sherlock from his grip, lifting his arm from around Sherlock’s chest and rolling away, turning his gaze towards the ceiling. He wrapped his arms around his own bare chest, grasping at himself instead of Sherlock. He had gotten his answer, after all. The one answer he feared so deeply he had never even dared ask the question. “I suppose we are,” he said. And they were. Finished.
Now, John stood behind the till in the café, mobile tucked into his pocket and Declan’s gun tucked into his waistband. He was under strict instruction to text Sherlock the moment he saw Will arrive, the moment he saw Will attempt to steal into the storage closet. He was under strict instruction not to do anything stupid.
“She’s heading to Poland,” Sherlock said. “Her new identity assumes one of the most common combinations of names in Poland. What will make her instantly memorable in any other country will make her immediately forgettable to the Polish population.”
There is a calm that happens in moments like these, John knew. A slowing. Higher processes go offline, and all that remains is to react. To survive. As such, John wasn’t even certain if his heart was still pounding as he turned, as he raised his own weapon to aim in the direction of the gunshot. The world was silent and ringing and sluggish—the humdrum scene of the inside of a fish tank—as he planted his feet, fixing his eyes on the two men who stood just behind them. It was almost boring, the look of them—pale and bald and nondescript, dressed in black and professionally armed. They looked bored themselves, the men. Another day at the office for all involved. One of them already had his gun trained at John, looking ever so placid, and the other one had his gun raised in the air, the butt of it aimed squarely at John’s temple.
John nodded back. He supposed he was, didn’t have another option. He heaved his bag over his shoulder and gripped the rope handrail tightly, starting to hoist his way up the rocky path. Conor was right—it was slippy. He took his time. No sense in getting injured immediately.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. He looked at the man tied to the bed next to him, bound and battered and defenseless and defiantly ready to die at John’s side, and loved him with a strength that nearly blindsided him. He hadn’t told Sherlock yet, John realized. He hadn’t told Sherlock that he loved him, and Sherlock needed to know before the two of them were chopped to bits. “Sherlock, I—”
enjoy Earl Grey tea, but there were currently more pressing issues on his mind. “I can’t be pretending to be in a relationship with you when I’m in an
John was still looking around, noticing also that the two of them were outside. “They were in a strop,” he said. He spoke as if his tongue wasn’t fully participating in speech production.
Sherlock scrambled behind him, opening up the cupboard and pulling out whatever medical supplies he could find—a first-aid kit, saline, gauze, bandages. His brain didn’t seem capable of recalling specifically what John might need, so he grabbed everything.
Sherlock touched at John’s face, at the little scratches that dotted his cheeks, his forehead. “You’re bleeding as well,” he said.
John’s lips twitched into a smile at Sherlock’s glee and for a moment it seemed just like any other case, with Sherlock getting a bit too swept up in the puzzle of it all, proving to the world that he had the genius to get to the root of a problem that was otherwise unsolvable. Reality, however, was never particularly far behind.
It was three months since Sherlock’s brief exile, and his mood had only worsened. His days seemed to be spent largely horizontal, and the question tended to be whether John would find him horizontal on the sofa or on his bed. Today, Sherlock was horizontal on his bed, buried beneath what seemed to be every blanket in the house. John propped himself on the floor, back pressed against the bedroom wall, scrolling through the website and searching desperately for a case that might make Sherlock decide to be vertical again. He had taken the day off at the surgery and swapped childcare duty with Mary, watching Rosie all morning and afternoon so Mary could take her in the evening and John could head to Baker Street. Still, John didn’t have all evening and was hoping that he might be able to pique Sherlock’s interest relatively quickly. He had been mistaken.
John shook his head, still cradled in his hands. He sniffed and shook. If he opened his eyes, if he looked up, he would still be at Baker Street, staring at all the spaces Sherlock would never again fill. He wasn’t sure he was physically capable of that.
The chill of the night lifted with the sun and the weather was decent—fifteen degrees with a light breeze, not terrible for a long hike around the island. The sky was a brilliant blue with little tufts of clouds floating about and the sun shimmered off the waters. The blue surrounding them only served to highlight the shining green of the island, and John thought, once again, that the whole thing looked bloody idyllic.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “The internet said to bring condoms to a stag-do,” he said. “I checked several lists. It was on all of them.” He looked at John gravely. “The
Sherlock shrugged. “Our success rate thus far has been at a hundred-percent,” he said. “All pieces present and accounted for.”
“Yeah,” Mary said. “Me too.” She sighed and straightened, regaining her composure with a quick uncrossing and crossing of her legs. “So. Now that you’re free. You’ll finally do something about it, then?”
“Shit,” he hissed, popping to his feet. He had a feeling he shouldn’t be in bed with Sherlock Holmes for a chat with his girlfriend. Sherlock rolled over, a sour look on his face.
Sherlock glanced at John, seeming a bit irritated at the interruption. He narrowed his eyes. “Why do you look like that?” he asked.
“And after the host shows you the other door,” Sherlock said, “you have a one-half chance of being right or wrong. A bloody
Silence. A small snore. Just beyond the tiny bedroom where John slept, the cottage was dark, even the fairy lights switched off for the night. Somewhere out in the main room, a log from the dying fire popped. The cottage—unspeakably old and creaking even when left alone—was still. All inhabitants were in bed, having long since dropped off to sleep.
John puffed out a breath, heavy and unsteady. His words felt nettled, pricking at his throat on the way out. “This can’t happen anymore,” John said, “You and I. It isn’t fair to Mary. It isn’t right.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, and before John had a chance to brace himself, Sherlock gave him a rough, two-handed shove onto the mattress. John landed twisted around on his side, a sharp
rather than a man he’d once been naked with. John could still sense a spark coming from Sherlock’s direction every now and then, a lingering heat in his looks, but for the most part Sherlock seemed to treat contact between the two of them as if a simple touch might burn his hands. As such, there was a tenuousness to their relationship, if one could even call it that, and the whole thing seemed to be made of wafer-thin glass, prepared to shatter at the slightest of vibrations. John wasn’t sure if he ought to risk it.
“It’s just for tonight,” John said, faintly tapping away at his computer. “Tomorrow we can start reintroducing work.
“But he must’ve been,” Darren added. “Hiding something, that is. The police said he had some sort of criminal past.” He shrugged. “Seemed a nice enough man to me.”
“I couldn’t let myself feel that way again,” Sherlock said. “I told myself I couldn’t. I told myself I was mistaken, that you didn’t mean as much to me as I thought. But
The room fell into darkness, as much darkness as was possible in the city, anyway. A few streetlights shone through the window, casting the flat into a not-quite-twilight glow. Sherlock watched John tuck his arm back under his head and re-close his eyes, settling back towards sleep.
In retrospect, it was obvious that the criminal they were chasing would have had a knife in his possession. Based on his hobbies, media consumption, and choice of decor for his flat, he had quite an affinity for Asian culture, kung-fu movies, and samurai swords. It was the latter with which the criminal attempted an attack on them, although it was clear that he hadn’t the first idea how to use the thing. What he lacked in knowledge, however, he made up for in enthusiasm, slinging the blade wildly about the room while screaming as if his voice was a weapon in and of itself, which it practically was. He wasn’t so much a threat as he was impossible to get near, like trying to stick one’s fingers in between the propellers of an airplane. The criminal had been heading more or less directly at Sherlock with his sword swinging—using a sort of winding, spinning movement that prevented John from getting a decent shot lined up—when John managed to tackle him. Somewhere in the scuffle, John caught a blade to the upper thigh. John cried out and Sherlock sent his heel into the criminal’s temple with such force that it knocked him out cold after just the one swing.
“I’m not sure I can bear losing him again,” John said aloud to whoever was listening, which appeared to just be Lucy at the moment.
Sherlock didn’t particularly care for Plan 21 and would gladly have forgone the whole of it. Magnussen had dropped in his priorities as of late—having a bullet tear through your chest will do that, apparently. Still, on the off-chance that Plan 21 was to be enacted, it was best to keep his dependence on painkillers to a minimum. Sherlock needed to have his wits about him, and opioid withdrawal was notoriously distracting.
“Christ,” you gasp, but you’re tugging his trousers off. Yours come next. You throw the lot of it over your shoulder, not looking. Something gets knocked off your dresser, clattering to the ground. You have never cared about anything less in your life.
“I don’t think you’ve got much of a choice, Sherlock,” John said, his thumbs running over Sherlock’s cheekbones. “Besides,” the side of his mouth twitched in a smile, “I have a feeling you’ll survive the fall.” He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. His breath was warm amidst the frigid spray. “It’ll just hurt like hell,” he said.
“We did indeed,” Sherlock said. “Although technically it wasn’t a werewolf at all. It was a ghost. Two ghosts. Next time, be a bit more precise in your descriptions, Conor.”
John hadn’t been back to the flat he shared with Mary, aside from packing a small suitcase. He split his time between hospital and Baker Street (mostly hospital, if Sherlock was being honest) until Sherlock was discharged, at which point he switched to a full-time shift at 221b. He must have either taken time off at the surgery or severely scaled back his hours, because he seemed perpetually present—alternating between overseeing Sherlock’s aftercare like an overly-fastidious gran and generally being in a foul mood. Both behaviors had their clear downsides.
“Right then,” John said. He glanced up at Sherlock, looking for any tell, any possible sign that Sherlock was bluffing, that he didn’t actually want John to move out, leave Baker Street, leave him. Sherlock caught his eye and, for a moment, John thought he saw it. Sherlock’s lips twitched into a frown and his eyes were tinged with sadness and John was just about to say that he didn’t mean any of it, that he was just being a petty arsehole and he wanted to stay at Baker Street with Sherlock so badly it hurt, when Sherlock’s gaze darted just behind him and a fake smile slipped across his face.
“That night we were texting,” John said. A part of him couldn’t believe he was about to speak these words out loud, but Sherlock needed to know that it wasn’t a momentary impulse for him. At least in the darkness, he figured that Sherlock couldn’t watch his face flush. “That night I was up with Rosie at half-three in the morning and we texted after. Sherlock, just talking to you, just seeing your words on my mobile got me so bloody turned on I had to go to the bathroom and get myself off.” His cock twitched at just the memory of it all.
John looked down at the jumper in his hands. His fingers had weaved through the knit, gouging giant holes in the fabric. He hadn’t even liked this jumper—the color reminded him of indigestion and the unpronounceable wool was itchy as anything. He kept it because Mary had given it to him and, more importantly, it did not remind him of Sherlock. He tossed the thing into the bin.
Some of John’s mates and his colleagues at the surgery tried to be supportive of the divorce. They asked him to the pub for a pint, offered carefully-worded condolences in the hallways at the surgery. Spouted endless platitudes, trite nonsense about closing doors and opening windows and the multitude of fish in the sea. Two days ago, one of the nurses gave him the number for her friend, saying that the friend was single and just lovely. John had pocketed the number but had no intentions of calling. He had a feeling that he wouldn’t be putting down roots anytime soon. In fact, he had a feeling that—despite Sherlock’s biting little assumptions—he was on course to be alone for the remainder of his days. John had a feeling it was for the best.
He breaks free just enough to send a flailing arm to the side, reaching for your bedside table. He yanks the drawer open and digs around inside. He finds the bottle of lubricant you haven’t told him you kept there and shoves it into your hands.
“Still,” Mrs. Hudson said. “There’s just something about the English countryside that is just so romantic.” She leaned closer to John, her voice dropping to a whisper. “I’ve slipped some johnnies into Sherlock’s bag.” She winked at him. “Just in case.”
Sherlock cast another glance at John and John met his eye. Whatever strop Sherlock was in earlier had disappeared—this look was all business. John nodded, and the two started running simultaneously.
“Wait for a criminal to sneak onto the island and try to kill some sheep,” John said, “or us. That what you mean?”
manner. John never cared for it when it came from Sherlock and he certainly didn’t care for it coming from Lestrade. He frowned. “We aren’t…what?”
John chuckled. Sherlock could hear him clicking across his screen. “Good to know your humility hasn’t been affected by the head trauma.” There was a final
John sighed and sank back against the porcelain of the tub. He could feel the tension start to leave his body almost immediately, the stress and sadness and fury and terror of the past few days begin to leak from his muscles, leaving him calm and floppy. He breathed into the steam of the room, allowing his eyes to slide shut. It felt wonderful to be still for a moment. He washed himself slowly, rinsing off the dried blood and residue in an unhurried manner. The water wasn’t going anywhere, and neither was John. John would be here—in this flat, in 221b, with Sherlock—for a long time to come, he had a feeling.
You somehow manage to slick your fingers despite his mouth on yours and legs wrapping around you and hands everywhere. When your finger slides inside him he makes a sound like he’s just discovered the answer to something very important and you nearly stop functioning altogether. He is warm and tight and perfect inside, and he is moving against you already, taking you in like it’s all he’s wanted.
“Very likely,” Mary said, her eyes tracking John’s coat as he folded it over an arm, watching for rogue droplets of pig-stomach.
John watched him leave, staring into the shadows of the building long after he was certain that only darkness remained. He was crying again, of course, but there was something different to his tears—a lightness that felt very much like hope. He was smiling, grinning like a madman, and he was reasonably certain that he would never feel pain again. He sank to the ground, crossing his legs and allowing himself to settle against the rough tile of the roof. He had absolutely nowhere to be except right where he was, on a roof just across the street from 221b Baker Street, in this wonderful cesspool of a city, waiting for his love to return. He tilted his head to the sky. The stars were beautiful tonight.
“Sherlock,” John gasped, his voice light and foreign against the wind. He didn’t know what he was trying to say, what he wanted Sherlock to know. It sounded like
“I’ve wanted you too, John,” Sherlock said. His voice was a quiet rumble against John’s forehead. He sighed, a wavering sound. “This past week was hell.”
“Take your eyes off him, John,” Mary said. Her voice had lost its sweetness. It was steel now, cold and unfamiliar.
“But that’s not how it works, is it?” John said. “I saw him fall, I saw him…” The words stuck in his throat and he nearly choked on them. “People don’t just come back from the dead.”
“I’m not doing anything,” John said. “I misread things. That’s all. We can drop it.” He tried to step forward once more but was blocked again by Sherlock’s towering presence. The wind tore at Sherlock’s hair, whipping it into a right mess. He looked a bit mad.
flats. Ones that have been abandoned or aren’t rented out. He tears through the floors and into the bank below.” With that, Sherlock leaps into the air and catches the edge of a fire escape ladder. He pulls it partway down and hauls himself onto it, climbing the rungs like some sort of primate. “I saw the disturbance in dust on the air ducts,” he shouts over his shoulder, “and thought he had to be using the ducts. But he wasn’t. He was using the
“There’s a dim-sum place on Baker Street,” he says. “Stays open until two. Quite good. You’ll like the pork dumplings, of course.”
John had just enough time to wonder if he ought to get his gun out of his jacket when the bullets started raining in.
“That,” John said, “is a question.” He took a defiant bite of his toast, despite not exactly feeling the desire to chew or swallow.
Ah, he thought. Come to collect the sheep carcasses. He pressed his eyes shut. They had managed to clear away the sheep carcass from their first day on the island—rolling it up in a tarp and moving it closer to the harbor—but hadn’t done anything with this morning’s discovery. And, of course, Sherlock wasn’t around to help John with the little chore. He set his cup of tea on the table in the cottage and started down the hill to meet the boat as it arrived.
In the near-dark, Sherlock could make out John’s lips curling into a smile. John’s chest shook slightly as he chuckled. “Thanks,” he said. “That makes two of us.”
“But whenever we’d leave the gate open,” Mary said, “even if it was just for a second, he’d be gone. Taking off like a bat out of hell. Speed like you wouldn’t believe, running like he was on fire. We couldn’t ever catch him. My uncle would have to get in the car and hunt him down.” She shook her head, chuckling at her own story. “We never knew where he was going or why he fled so quickly. All we knew was that he wanted to get the hell away from us.”
The couple behind them let out another uproarious bout of laughter. The restaurant had emptied out a bit by this point, so the sound really reverberated through the place. The both of them flinched.
Darren’s boat arrived on the island after about thirty minutes or so. John could practically see Sherlock from the shore, pacing around and looking as if he were about to jump into the water himself to get to the island. John’s mobile rang just as he started down the path towards the harbor to meet them.
“I don’t…” Your brows furrow, doing the math in your head. You could be wrong, but you are reasonably certain that seven pounds is the exact amount you’ve dropped in the man’s cup these past few days you’ve seen him, passing him by on your way to the surgery. You open your mouth to say something, something about it being impressive, him knowing exactly how much you gave him all these days, but his hand is rifling through his pocket. He shoves something into your hands, eyes still not on you.
, Sherlock said. He made his way over to the wall of mutilated sheep and started plucking the photographs off the wall.
John turned. He considered whether he ought to leave using the front door or one of the many holes blown in the side of the cottage. He opted for the door. He placed his hand on the doorknob, then turned back towards Mary once more.
John wrapped his legs around Sherlock, pulling him in. He didn’t need to breathe. He needed Sherlock inside him. “
“Murdered sheep,” John said through a bite of rice. “Murdered caretaker. Same culprit, you’re thinking. Not a werewolf.”
“Ah yes,” John chuckled. “The one with the meat grinder. Fair point.” That one had three of Lestrade’s forensics officers sick on the pavement. Sherlock and John had a good laugh at the whole situation on the ride back to Baker Street. He could see a smile spreading across Sherlock’s face now, as he recalled it.
John allowed himself an unabashed stare at Sherlock’s body as it was slowly revealed—the long, pale chest that lay beneath his slim shirts, the lean, strong legs sheathed in his tailored trousers. John was more than a little pleased to see that Sherlock’s cock was already starting to grow plump, lifting ever so slightly from his body as he peeled his pants to his ankles.
“Which brings us to our other point of interest,” Sherlock said. “Whoever is responsible for shooting Declan, Declan was familiar with them. Comfortable with them. He had a gun available to him in the very room in which he was shot, but he made no effort to go for it. The jumpers weren’t rifled through. The drawer wasn’t even open. Nothing about the presence of Declan’s murderer made him feel as though he were in danger. You’re cold.”
John hitched his legs around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock’s hand drifted down his side, along his hip, over his buttocks and lower, dipping into the cleft of his arse. John felt the tip of Sherlock’s finger brush against his hole and a moan broke free from somewhere deep inside him. Sherlock stilled, lifting himself slightly off of John so he could look down at him, collecting data as his finger circled slowly, softly. The ache was so strong it was like a physical pain.
John glanced out at the sheep, laid out before them in the field below. “So you’re on guard duty, then?”
John could hear rustling, Sherlock shaking his head against the pillow. “I knew exactly what I was doing the other week, John. I overstepped. I knew you weren’t free and I pushed forward anyway. I should have exercised more restraint, I shouldn't have allowed any of it to go anywhere near as far as it did. I just…” Sherlock’s voice went soft, raspy, “I wanted you so badly.”
“We thought he might quit,” Darren said. “Realize that the isolation wasn’t for him after all and back out of the job. But he seemed to get on just fine. Until...you know.” Darren pointed at his own head, the spot where the bullet had ended it all for Declan.
Sherlock smiled in return, facial muscles turning his lips upwards, communicating emotion to the outside world, triggering a release of endorphins and reminding his brain that he was, in fact, very happy at the moment.
He considered jumping out of bed and trying to convene with Sherlock at the police station. He needed to see Sherlock again, needed to wrap his arms around him and kiss him and tell him that he loved him more than anything. He didn’t care if the whole of Scotland Yard watched.
“Please do,” John said. He was aware he was still grinning at Sherlock, a dopey, lovestruck-teenager grin. It didn’t seem like it was leaving his face anytime soon.
the two chairs where John and Sherlock would sit for hours, lazily wiling away the evenings with each other as if they had the rest of their lives to do nothing but that. There was a thick layer of dust on everything, cobwebs hanging in the corners and off the edges of books, and the smell of the place—the smell that John swore he could remember in his dreams sometimes—had gone a bit musty. The room was a museum, an archive of the dead. Schoolchildren could come by on tours and the guide would tell them that two men used to have the very best, the very maddest of times in these rooms and the children would giggle and point and never,
Anyway. All that would be in the past sooner rather than later, John supposed. He was back at Baker Street. And apparently, he was investigating dead sheep.
Sherlock ran his fingers along the side of John’s smile. He lifted his head, pressing his mouth to John’s in a slow kiss. He had missed John as well, it would seem.
The blade that John was nearly certain was stabbing him seemed to be digging through his body, tearing him open bit by bit. “Yeah,” he said, his voice a touch less steady than he would like. “It certainly seems to be.”
“You were saying something about the city turning to robots at night,” Sherlock whispers. “How very prescient of you.”
“About ten or so pages, I’d say,” Sherlock said, thumbing at the stubs. He flipped through the remainder of the journal quickly, then slammed it shut, slapping it into John’s lap. “Why are the pages missing, John?” he asked.
“No need for concern,” Sherlock said. “I feel confident I can perform my best man duties with only one arm.”
John sighed. “Please tell me,” he said, “that you did not lead our daughter to believe we are getting a goat.”
Sherlock’s heavy arms drifted to John’s legs. He rubbed his hands up John’s thighs, practically feeling the warm, course material of John’s trousers underneath his fingers. John was stronger than he looked. The muscles underneath those trousers were noteworthy. “That line of inquiry is also irrelevant,” Sherlock said. Finding his voice took effort. John’s eyes were the only thing of beauty in the room.
Gilly rolled her eyes. “On the sofa,” she said. “By the fire. The two of you were quite cozy, now weren’t you? Lord only knows what would have happened if Hugh hadn’t interrupted you.” She smirked. “I told you he was a bit of a creep.”
. You and Mycroft—I’m sure—will bicker through the entirety of the day. For my own sanity, I would like to get at least a few hours of sleep before the whole of it begins.”
to connect to another human,” John spat. “I may be rubbish at it, but at least I’m not a manipulative, robotic, arse who values relationships so little that they’re willing to leave everybody in the dust the second some criminal web needs dismantling.”
of the people you fuck are meaningless wastes of space or just the women.” He sneered. “Something tells me it’s the former.” Sherlock flipped the switch on the kettle, which—being unplugged—did nothing.
The life they all shared was always chaotic enough to remain exciting, and the regularity of the chaos only served to sweeten the presence of these in-between times. It was nice, John thought, to breathe sometimes. There would be a case soon enough; John heard several sirens the night before and there was some chatter on the news about a series of stranglings with no suspects. It would only be a matter of time before Sherlock’s mobile started ringing and the both of them were out the door, leaving Rosie to play
John cleared his throat, glancing out the window. “I’ve. Um. Yeah.” He found that anything resembling eye contact was not possible for him at the moment. “I’ve been with men. As well.”
John had said, tying his shirt around his bleeding leg as the blue lights of the police cruisers crawled closer, flickering through the windows.
John ran his thumb over Sherlock’s cheek once more. For a man propped up in the loo with an open wound, he seemed exceedingly confident that everything would work out all right. “Okay?” he asked.
“Aren’t we all,” Sherlock said. He walked over to John and lifted Rosie out of his arms, turning her and setting her against his shoulder. She carried on screaming.
much. After he learns that there’s no hope, he would gladly accept a stand-in. You have options, is all.
“Mary,” John said. “I’m sorry I didn’t call you while I was away. I truly am. Next time I’m off on some case with Sherlock, I’ll be sure to—”
John tugged his arm away from Sherlock. He ran his hands over his face, displeased to find that sweat was already starting to break out on his temples again. “It’s fine,” he said.
A gust of wind blew towards them, stinging at John’s eyes. The sky was bleak, turning the waters in front of them a dull grey. A seagull drifted through the air and made a squawking noise, as if to warn them of the oncoming weather.
“Saying they had a problem builds intrigue,” John said. “The readers will want to know what the problem was.”
,” he choked, some plea that he couldn’t have put words to if his life depended on it, begging for something he couldn’t even identify but needed with the whole of himself. “
Sherlock nodded, his fingers still tracing the outline of John’s face, enjoying this perk of his recently-developed fine motor control.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John said. “What happened?” He reached out a tentative hand, his fingers itching to brush along the raised skin, to assess the damage, to affirm the life that lay beneath.
John’s fingers were digging into the bloody olive-colored jumper he just folded so meticulously. His jaw tightened. He could feel his teeth grinding together.
“You love me,” Sherlock said. It sounded like a fact that, to Sherlock, seemed improbable but was somehow inexplicably true.
With one final squeeze, John released him. He sat back on his heels, keeping close to Sherlock. His eyes were shimmering, nearly overflowing, and he was looking at Sherlock with an expression that Sherlock could no longer claim not to understand and suddenly the whole of it made sense. It was the moment of illumination, the sudden click of seemingly disparate lines of reasoning fitting together and flooding the world with light, the instance when all the clues add up to something grand, something significant. Sherlock watched as John understood as well, as the panic on his face slipped into recognition, a plunge into a pool of new knowledge.
John collapsed against the wall of the alley, breathless and laughing. He was still clutching Sherlock’s hand in his. Sherlock grinned at him. The world was hazy and throbbing around the both of them but Sherlock had forgotten about the whole of it in seconds. John’s hair was rumpled and his shirt had come untucked, top buttons undone and the collar askew.
Sherlock pulled out his mobile. He tapped out a number and waited, crossing his legs daintily as he held the mobile to his ear.
John wove his fingers into Lucy’s thick wool. Her wool was coarser than he imagined, but he could sink his fingers in nearly down to the knuckles. He scratched at her head. She allowed it. She didn’t seem to want anything from him. She simply seemed to enjoy being there.
“Sherlock Holmes,” the man said, his eyes flitting over something or other on the screen. The light from the mobile lit up the man’s sharp face. He glanced at John. “That’s your friend, I wager?” His head jerked backwards, gesturing towards the island positioned above them.
Sherlock shook his head, wrapping his arms around himself. “Certainly not.” If John remembered, it would have been obvious. It would have been an explosion. John would have been angry and upset and raging in a fairly incoherent manner. He might not have had anything productive to say to Sherlock on the matter, but he would certainly have wanted to confess to Mary. John was like that—honest. Forthright. There would have been a row, and might not have been a wedding. It was also unlikely that there would be a
“I mean…” John shook his head. “Never mind. I’m going mad, is all.” It certainly wasn’t very hard to make that particular argument at the moment, wandering around the streets of London with no purpose in mind, talking out loud to nobody, and somehow bloody near tears again. If someone spied him and reported him to the police for suspicious activity, John wouldn’t have blamed them.
Sherlock complied. He shifted his body atop John’s and pressed their lips together in a kiss that was sweet and slow, the pace of partners who had their whole lives ahead of them to explore each other properly, thoroughly. John slid his hands along Sherlock’s back, allowing the tips of his fingers to graze the very start of Sherlock’s arse. The kiss deepened. Breaths grew labored. Sherlock worked a thigh between John’s leg and started grinding slowly against him. John was about to start taking Sherlock's clothing off piece by piece, and preferably with his mouth, when there was a prim knock at the door.
Sherlock was dizzy by the time he was fully inside, his body wavering as he looked down at John’s quivering frame. He gripped John’s thighs to steady himself. John was relaxing around him, but he was still so tight, so hot, and Sherlock was worried that the slightest twitch might end all of it for him and he didn’t want this moment to be over, not ever if he could help it. John’s mouth was still moving, sound still evading him, and his hands were touching timidly at Sherlock’s hips, as if anything more forceful might do damage to the both of them.
“Okay,” John said. He sounded incredulous, but his hand returned to Sherlock’s head, gentle fingers weaving through curls.
“We can carry on as we always have,” Sherlock said. “Sherlock Holmes and his friend and colleague, Doctor John Watson. We can act as if it never happened.” The words felt as if they were made of knives. Sherlock wondered if his throat would bleed from them.
. You made it through medical school. You’ve read academic articles filled with esoteric bullshit plenty of times before and could even manage to answer questions about them after. But you can barely make heads or tails of what this man is on about. It seems like you’re not alone in your confusion—the hit count on his website is appallingly low, and most posts are devoid of comments. A few people leave messages here and there, some trying to poke holes in his logic, and his responses consist of a systematic dismantling of their personality traits, deepest secrets, and childhood fears. The comments tend to go silent after that, save for a few folks who stick around just long enough to tell him where he can shove it.
“Get your bloody clothes off,” he growls, hauling you into sitting, fingers tearing at the few remaining buttons on your shirt. He goes to pull your shirt open but you close a hand on it, keeping it tight over your ruined shoulder, a portion of your brain finally clicking back into use.
“She’s my wife, Sherlock,” John said. “She’s the mother of my child. That…” John’s eyes were burning, his vision growing a bit blurred. “That has to mean something. This can’t have all been for nothing.”
He is even closer now, his nose tucked against your cheek. His voice is a literal weapon. “There’s an exit just by the water closets,” he says. “It leads out into a back alley. Nobody from the pub will use it until closing time, when it’s time to take out the bins.” You can feel the rumble of his words in your stomach.
The whole of John was leaking out onto the floor. It was equal parts excruciating and relief, hot pressure finally being released.
John reached out a tentative hand. When she didn’t dart away, he placed the hand on the top of her wooly head, a slow touch. Lucy stepped closer. She didn’t seem to mind being petted. Declan must have pet her often, John figured. That must be why she was so friendly. That and the little scraps Declan would feed her. He remembered what Sherlock said about the dolphin, the way it comes back for treats and everyone mistakes it for genuine affection. A conditioned response that looks like love. John felt his throat tighten and did his best to wipe his mind clean, a rough sleeve over a chalkboard. Traces lingered.
“I’m here,” Sherlock said. There was tension in his voice, a sort of breathlessness that usually wasn’t present.
He was currently pretending to read Declan’s journal, propped up at a chair just outside the cottage with Lucy munching grass nearby. He hadn’t turned a page in thirty minutes. He pretended it was all intentional.
“They’d have shot you,” John said, doing his best to push the mess of curls from Sherlock’s eyes. “Once they’d got the flash drive they’d have shot you. And I wasn’t going to let that happen. I’d have died first.”
The car fell into silence, for which John was unspeakably grateful. He needed a moment—several moments, preferably—to wrap his mind around this new information. The whole of the time he knew Sherlock, since literally the first day they met, John was under the impression that Sherlock rebuked all romantic relationships. Hell, he had
missed this. He missed the chaos of the flat, of never quite knowing what he might wake up to discover, be it a sobbing client, angry men with large guns, or Sherlock inexplicably microwaving a spleen. He missed going off with Sherlock on some cracked adventure, righting wrongs and causing chaos in the name of Sherlock’s own personal definition of justice. As unbelievable as it seemed, he missed
“It’s a two-thirds chance that the car is behind the remaining door,” Molly said, her voice a faint squeak. “The contestant should switch.”
“No one truly cares that this island is uninhabited,” Sherlock said. “No one cares that it exists. They marvel at it, sure. They call it a thing of beauty. They admire it as a concept, a lark. They appreciate its violence from behind closed doors. But if it were to sink into the ocean, no one would mourn it but the sheep.”
“Besides,” he says. “If we’re the only two real humans in the whole of the city, isn't it best we keep abreast of each other’s whereabouts at all times?”
As the boat neared the island, John could spy Sherlock more clearly as he made his way down the hill, climbing over the rough terrain towards the outcrop to which the smaller man directed him. The outcropping sat low over the water, jutting out a bit from the island. The boat had a clear path to the little row of rocks and the water looked fairly deep, no boulders to dodge or chances of the boat scraping bottom. They could get close enough to Sherlock to get the flash drive, to do whatever else they had planned. As the boat drew nearer to the rocks, John thought that the man wouldn’t even have to be as good of a shot as he claimed to have his shot ring true.
Sherlock turned in his chair, looking back at John with an expression John was far too exhausted to read.
Sherlock studied the rain outside the window. “You know all emotion is abhorrent to me, Watson,” he said.
“It’s true,” Conor insisted. “I read about it in school. He hid out in a cave with a little ledge over it. The English soldiers would walk by his cave and he would stab them with a spear,” Conor pantomimed heaving a large staff into an imaginary soldier, “and hurl them off the cliff. He killed all the English soldiers like that.” Conor’s gleeful smile faltered as he remembered John. “Oh,” he said, “sorry.”
“No no,” John laughed. “Why’ve you got these things? Why’ve you got a deck of cards and dental floss and a necktie and…” his fingers landed on something else in Sherlock’s pockets and his mouth fell open. He pulled the items—little foil packets, the indentation of a perfect circle inside of each—from Sherlock pockets and gaped at them. “
This will be more relevant in subsequent chapters, but anything negative said about any country is a reflection of the character's state of mind and not the country itself.
“It’s the little things,” John said, turning another page. “Keeping me out all night. Expecting me to be at your constant beck and call. Exposing my girlfriends to mortal peril. Those sorts of things.”
not the one with the problem,” Sherlock snapped. He was rifling through a box of tea, flinging tea bags everywhere. “You’re the one who has no problem faking every second of a relationship with every breathing human in all of England with the sole exception of
“Yes you do,” John said, stepping into the kitchen. “You’re doing it right now. You care. You have to care.”
“You would have to be very, very still,” Sherlock said against John’s ear. His hands moved along John’s chest. The edge of Sherlock’s thumb flicked across John’s nipple. “And very, very quiet.”
“There is so much dishonesty in the world,” Gilly said. “So many people, pretending to love others, pretending to be solely committed to one person. Nothing but liars, the lot of them.” Gilly looked at John and her gaze turned to ice. “Present company included, as it turns out.” She smiled at John, something sick and terrifying. “I can’t tell you how fulfilling it is, listening to a cheater beg for their lives. Beg for the lives of their poor, cuckolded partner.” Gilly shimmied her shoulders, as if recalling the taste of a delicious tart. “It really does the heart good.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a moment and then he grinned, popping off John. He rushed over to his luggage, sitting just by his dresser and still packed from their holiday.
Lucy bleated. She snuffed at John’s face and then glanced down the path, towards the field where her family was grazing peacefully in the sun.
“Got it,” John said. “Thanks.” He sipped a bit of the sauce from the spoon. He wrinkled his nose. Salt. It definitely needed more salt.
“John was enjoying the bathtub just this morning,” Sherlock said, nuzzling his nose against John’s hair.
John sat up on the bed. He twisted, cracking his back, and looked around at the devastation of their bedroom. “We’d best change these sheets later,” he said.
In this dream, however, John had a voice. He called for Sherlock. Sherlock was the only person, John realized, that he would ever call for. He had a vague thought about fire exposing one’s priorities. The thought drifted away from him, carried out upon the billowing smoke.
“Christ,” John breathed. He was still a gasping, dizzy mess, barely clinging to any semblance of coherence. He felt Sherlock nod against his neck. Sherlock’s chest was flattened over John’s arm and John could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering against him. John’s heart was doing a number in his chest as well; he could practically see it through his ribs.
They had turned wound-cleaning and dressing changes into a science at this point, but John still felt the need to ask for permission each time he undid Sherlock's shirt, as if undressing him was an intimacy that might cause Sherlock harm, which in a way it sort of was.
“—and you expect me to simply go along with it.” Sherlock’s voice rose over the rush of the wind, sinking into John’s chest like a blunt instrument. “To allow you to treat me like some kind of whore and then silently step back once you’ve decided you’re done, once you’ve found someone better. I don’t know what kind of—”
” Claire said. “You can see why. The Islanders would store grains in here, or move the animals in when it got too cold.”
“Yeah,” John said, flinching a bit as he heard her say it out loud for the first time. “We’re getting married.”
at Mrs. Hudson’s flat, with strict instructions that Rosie was to go in time-out if it turned out she had gotten into the fingers again.
“Shit,” John said, checking his mobile as the cab dropped him and Sherlock off at Baker Street. “Mary’s been waiting for us at the flat for an hour.”
The next day, she popped by his office to ask where the pens were. She lingered in the doorway longer than needed, asking questions about pens. John tried his hand at a joke. She laughed. The following day, she snickered with him after a particularly neurotic patient refused to leave the surgery.
He tilts his head to the side. “I prefer to think of them as puzzles. Some of them aren’t crimes, really. Not in the end. They’re just little mysteries someone needs somebody like me to unravel. I unravel them and everyone is happy.” He considers. “Well,
He remained silent for well over an hour, at which point the sick worry started creeping back into John’s gut. He certainly hadn’t intended on sending Sherlock any anxious-gran
