“Not that there’s anything wrong with your name,” Dean babbled on. “I mean I don’t know that I’d name a kid
Dean half ran into the bathroom and, finding it empty, he searched around the room for Cas’ phone. Nothing. He checked the windows and found the salt still intact – no demon stuck in the devil’s trap by the doorway. Avoiding the mess of the broken chandelier, Dean rushed to the door, his lungs squeezing in panic.
“What’s the plan?” Dean asked, nose wrinkled against the stench of the heated garbage nearby. Cas tried not to notice how the shape of his freckles changed at the movement. How his skin pinkened, slightly glossy. Small beads of sweat forming beneath the line of his short hair. Already the heat was affecting him.
He felt a tap at his shoulder, and Cas turned with a frown. He knew it couldn’t be Dean – would have sensed his presence. And yet the strong hand that lifted from Cas’ blazer had him doubt himself, if only for a second. The man was – human. Brown skin, and dark, kind eyes that lit with a smile when Cas faced him fully. He was tall. Handsome. Decidedly not the type interested in harvesting the souls of innocents.
Charlie continued. “No offense, man, but you two aren’t as subtle as you think. You’re like… Bert and Ernie. Batman and Robin.”
“Cas?” Dean's voice was so small he wasn’t sure he’d said the word out loud at all. “Cas, buddy you gotta wake up.” He lightly tapped at Cas’ cheek, and Cas’ lids flickered open, eyes rolling back in his head. “Cas, please.” Dean reached for Cas' hand. So cold. Too damn cold.
Dean found a permanent marker in one of the side drawers of the bedside locker and got to work as he spoke. He started by the door, drawing a devil’s trap from memory. Tore off the lid of the saltshaker from his earlier dinner and covered the windowsills as best as he could manage.
Cas nodded before realising Sam couldn’t see him. “It’s possible. I don’t understand why it affected me. I’ve never felt like that – not since I was human. It was as if my grace – it was separate from me. Not my vessel but…”
He and Cas would destroy that cursed thing. Dean had no doubt in his mind. It was the rest that was eating him up - the reason why he'd come here in the first place. They might be hanging out and talking normally for the first time in weeks but something was definitely off. The silence between them charged; less comfortable than it had always been. Logically, Dean knew things had been tense before whatever
Cas brought Dean to his feet, leading him back to the bed. Dean hoped to keep going, but Cas pushed him to the edge of the bed, dropping to his knees between Dean's legs. Those big blue eyes never looked so damn good as they did now. Cas' cheeks were fully pink, his bottom lip swollen from his own teeth pressing into it for restraint. Dean drew him into a kiss, careful of the small hurt on Cas' lip. Cas kissed him back fiercely, his hands running down from Dean's shoulders to his hips, coming to a stop with a firm grip to Dean's thighs.
Cas looked between the two of them; feeling but not quite comprehending the easy unspoken language of the siblings. He bade goodnight to Sam regardless, and was surprised when the man wrapped him in a hug. Dean stood, clapping his brother on the back and pulling him in for a brief embrace.
Dean blew out a breath from his nose and shook his head. He tugged Cas toward the table, fingers still curled around the sleeve of his trench coat. They sat opposite one another; Dean taking his previous seat picking up his beer.
“It’s a surprise,” Eileen cut in, pausing to shoot an exasperated glare Sam. “Charlie asked us to help set up a surprise date night for Stevie.”
“So, you talked to Cas, huh?” Charlie said, both her and Stevie’s eyes trained on him like bloodhounds.
The heat of his fingers shot through Cas, but he stood still. Patient. Watching Dean, unashamed, slightly awed. Dean’s tongue peeked through his lips as he worked, his hands swift and disciplined as always. He met Cas’ eyes only once while he reopened the top button of his shirt.
Dean cut him off. Fear iced his blood. Not that stupid shit that kept him from telling Cas how he felt all these years. No, this was different.
Cas stared at him in that quiet way he did sometimes; confused, dazed. Like he could see something in Dean that Dean never found when he looked in the mirror. Dean swallowed. Cas’ hand still resting on his cheek. His eyes still burning the whole way to his soul. A soft breeze ruffled Cas’ hair, his tanned skin entirely unaffected by the fights. Not a drop of sweat. The dried blood below his eye and splattered on his trench coat the only things out of place.
What the hell was going on? Cas had survived angel traps. They’d never had this effect before, so why was he..?
Dean sighed, shifting to lay on his back. “I just… I can’t,” he paused, trying to put it into words. Shit. “You deserve better than me, man.”
He and Bobby packed away the groceries in easy silence, until Dean reached the third bag. He pulled out package after package of salt and snorted at the description on the label. Beneath the doodles of cartoon bats and pumpkins, it read
He handed Cas the coat, tapping on the breast pocket before letting it go. “I, uh,” Dean cleared his throat, his voice still barely there, but he fought through it. “Thanks, Cas.”
There were ladies on stage, lip-syncing to some Madonna song. Dean didn’t realise he was staring until Charlie waved a hand in front of his face and gestured toward their booth.
“Dude, no one’s beating anyone, alright? That asshole stole dad’s jacket. I needed it back. End of story.” He paused, reconsidering. “Or it will be, when I get my hands on it.”
Cas scanned his memory for any cases or news they’d heard recently regarding ancient history. Coming up empty, he said, “I don’t understand.”
Dean slumped against the opposite wall, wiping at his tired eyes. His mouth was dry, and he was grateful for the hip flask still weighing down his pants pocket. Holy water was better than nothing, he supposed. There’d be time to talk about Sam’s theories later. But right now… “You’re not going near that thing again, you hear me?”
Right. In his defence, Rowena had appointed herself the job. After her help getting Cas back, Dean couldn’t exactly say no. Didn’t particularly care who did the job so long as he had his husband by the end of it.
Silence was a thing that lent itself to the two of them; a private, intimate language they’d developed from the moment Cas had pulled Dean out of hell. Dean and Cas operated not in words spoken, but in stolen glances. In familiar gestures; in swinging fists and healing touches. They’d always spoken their truths without words.
Dean felt his eyes burning, his heart pounding. He made to pull Cas' finger from his mouth but Cas pushed a second inside, pinning him with a look that said
“Dean,” Charlie said, forcing his attention back on her. Charlie’s eyes were dry now, her posture straight despite the awkward sitting position. Her voice was stronger than it had been yet, and for the first time since all this shit went down, Dean didn’t detect a single note of pity in her voice. “Thank you for showing me that,” she said, tapping the lid of the laptop lightly.
Cas’ hand relaxed, moving upward to Dean’s throat. His long fingers resting gently against Dean’s skin.
He flew to an empty public park, pausing by the calm waters. He fell to his knees with the weight of this burden. This unplaceable feeling. Cas looked up to the sky, seeking, but not quite in prayer.
Castiel tilted his head again. He never seemed to laugh or smile wide or say anything he didn’t absolutely think through, but Dean reckoned he could read it all from Cas’ eyes. They seemed to shine just a little when they were amused. Sometimes, he even swore they glowed a little, and that’s when he knew he was going too far with the fantasizing. Since when was he so caught up in someone’s eyes, anyway?
Cas returned to the Bunker with the nearest library’s entire relationships collection buzzing unhelpfully in his mind. For the most part his research had been fairly unsuccessful. The library had been small; the selection very dated, often contradictory, and pitifully heteronormative. He’d found it difficult to be impressed with expected gender roles.
Dean sat up, fumbling for the switch of his bedside lamp. Bright spots danced behind his eyelids as the darkness was swallowed by the light. He pressed his palms to his eyes, chest still heaving. Cold sweat had his t-shirt clinging to his skin like the sickly embrace of death.
“Fuck you, man. There’s been something going on for weeks. You zapping off to fuck knows where, for who knows how long. No messages, no calls. You could have worked this case in five seconds,” his chest was heaving. Breathing shallow. He needed to punch something. Kill something. Anything to quiet this darkness in him, to leave it fed and content for a while longer.
He patted Cas’ shoulder. A totally platonic touch that meant nothing. Of course, it didn’t. He'd be crazy to think they could be anything more than that. Selfish. Fuck, it would be
They paused outside Dean’s bedroom. Dean looked at the love of his life, his best friend, his angel, and said something he should have said a thousand times in all the years he’d known him.
He overheard a man, on the later stage of middle age, complaining about the queues. It was a ticketed event, apparently. Expensively so. Cas sent a warning text to Dean, though he was certain Dean would figure it out. Find a way to charm the men guarding by the door.
Outside the dream in a world where faint moonlight crept through hotel curtains, Dean’s hand relaxed against Castiel’s.
“Take a seat buddy,” Dean gestured vaguely around the kitchen. He knew better than to start tidying up Sam’s mess of homework crap on the table. Last time he’d done that, he’d had to listen to his brother bitching about how it had taken him hours to put all his notes in order again. “Gonna grab a shower. I’ll be quick,” Dean winked.
Charlie chewed her lip nervously. Maybe this was crossing a line… or a few too many lines. Dean had told her this stuff in private, and sure, maybe he wasn’t banking on her actively meddling in his love life behind his back with his whole family, but…
Cas might have thought it a small miracle if his heart wasn't breaking in his chest. It was better the crowd below were unaware; serving a reminder of their safety.
“Catstiel giving you shit again, buddy?” Dean asked. He grinned as he walked by, making his way to the TV stand to see what movies Bobby had taped. Cas grumbled from the sofa, and Dean had the distinct impression he was still locked in a staring contest with that damn cat.
Dean finished getting undressed, switching on the shower and stepping in before the water started heating up. The icy spray was a shock at first, but he welcomed it after a half a day in that sun. He scrubbed at his hair, his pits, and paused for a second.
Dean groaned with exhaustion as he got to his feet. Something didn’t feel right about this. Sure, the witches looked like regular people, and that was always the worst kind of hunt. The kind that would haunt him each time he closed his eyes in a dark room for months to come. This felt bigger, somehow. The quiet relief that usually followed a hunt was missing.
“What do you need, Dean?” Cas asked. Voice weary and a little defeated. As if that wasn’t the question of the century.
Cas rolled his eyes at what had clearly been a distraction. But he couldn't help the wide smile that crinkled the corners of his eyes. He’d seen Dean do terrible things; witnessed him act out the false legacy of a blunt blade again and again. Dean could be sharp, and cruel, and cunning. But Cas could not imagine a touch so tender by anyone else.
Castiel trailed gentle fingertips around Dean’s wounds, ensuring all the glass was gone. Dean shivered slightly beneath the touch.
“You’re a stubborn, stupid son of a bitch, you know that?” Dean said affectionately, feeling the darkness that had pressed in on him ease around the edges. His heart was doing backflips, but other than that… Dean wasn’t sure he'd ever felt this weightless. He waited for his dad’s voice in his head, the words John Winchester had used when he suspected Dean wasn’t strictly into girls.
Rowena screamed again, and Dean glanced up to see the black cat clawing at her face. The witch grabbed hold of the feline and threw it on the table.
It was her heart, Cas explained once they left. With a very pointed, chastising look at Dean, who swallowed a too-large bite of bread like guilty child. A couple more sleeze-bags in alleys disarmed and K.O’d, answering this old lady’s prayers was a nice change of tune. With perks.
Jordan was very handsome, but Cas had no interest in pursuing relations with him. He told him as much. The man laughed at Cas’ words, and Cas was struck again by an old wall he often hit when conversing with humans. It had taken many years of trial and error, and the flawed teachings of the Winchesters, and still Jordan had thought he was joking.
They raced to the front door and found a huge, expensive, glass cauldron filled with big packs of Hersheys and Skittles, and some kind of expensive looking chocolate, too. Dean wasted no time stuffing as much as he could fit into his pockets.
Dean had terrible taste in music. But there were a few songs Cas enjoyed; songs Dean hummed or sang along to idly as he drove or showered. Dean hadn’t sung in the shower in months. Typically, that wasn’t a good sign.
“Hey, hey,” she sniffled. He didn’t even care that she was getting snot on his shoulder. He wanted to care. He wanted so badly to care about anything. He was so tired. “It’s okay, Dean. He’s back. He’s fine. You’re fine. We’re all okay. None of this is your fault.”
Cas pushed aside his uncertainty. He closed his eyes once more, reaching out for that bond between them. It was always there at the very core of Castiel. Beyond his grace. In his mind, Cas pressed a gentle hand against the bond. A question.
Cas slowly reached for the coat, the knuckles of Dean’s fist grazing his fingers. He glanced up to find Dean staring.
Over half of them, Dean was amused to see, were in costume. Dedicated sons of bitches, he thought. One kid wearing a black garbage bag complete with green and black striped tights and a pointed hat was being chased by a huge guy dressed as Frankenstein’s monster.
Cas flew them someplace way out of budget. Everywhere was way out of budget in this city. It took an hour to find a place – a hotel that didn’t check your card details upfront. The place they settled on was kind of old; big glass chandeliers, red carpets, marble floors. They got a family room; cheapest going. It had a king and two single beds. Cramped. But there were two things that made it all worthwhile: room service and a rain shower.
Cas’ sleep had been dreamless. Only vague rumblings of Dean’s voice reaching him. He wasn’t sure if Dean had spoken to him, prayed to him. Or if it had all been of his own imaginings.
Dean’s eyes glazed over. His thoughts screaming over one another, echoing through the empty cave of his chest, reverberating over his bones, cutting them down with words of loathing. But every time he felt like he’d break, blue eyes shone brighter than any sun through all of that crap.
Maybe Dean didn’t have the words. But he’d show Cas exactly how he felt. If there was one thing Dean was confident of, it was that.
So, maybe Dean put a little aftershave on – the good kind. The shit he saved for special occasions that were so few and far between. Maybe he even dressed in a tighter t-shirt than before. Couldn’t hurt, right?
How Cas had gotten them back to their hotel room in this state, Dean couldn’t imagine. He half-carried the angel to the king bed and Cas’ eyes were closed by the time Dean had shifted him onto his back.
Before Dean could finish the thought, Cas’ lips were on his again. The angel marched him backward toward the bathroom door. Dean braced for the impact but Cas gripped him tighter, and then they were falling, flying, falling again. Dean dropped hard onto the familiar comfort of his own bed, the weight of Cas on top of him pushing him harder onto the mattress.
Dean’s eyes flitted between the angel’s eyes and lips. He rolled his shoulders, something Castiel recognised as Dean regaining his composure. “Hey, check this out,” he said, in a tone that made it clear he was changing the subject. He pulled the package of salt toward him, tapping a label decorated with inaccurate depictions of bats and pumpkins.
Castiel considered Dean and his ridiculous hat. His joyous eyes sparkled beneath the streetlight, and Castiel studied how the light interacted with all the shades of green and hazel within. He realised only after an abrupt silence that he was taking too long to answer.
Angels had never considered time in the same manner as humans, but for the first time, Cas looked forward to the future. To holding Dean as he slept, to kissing each freckle in the morning sun, and fighting by Dean’s side in every adventure that lay ahead.
“Nothing much,” Eileen said. “Dean tried to break down the door but since Cas stood up, he hasn’t really moved."
But Dean knew how he felt. He'd never been more sure of it than right now. But when he opened his mouth to speak, all that came out was: “Don’t wipe my memories, Cas. I wanna remember this. Even if I end up pissed off at myself and regretting this because you change your mind or some shit- “
at all. With everyone he met, he put on a performance or gave away some piece of him that would make someone else happy, or at least force them to look away from the side he had to hide most.
He wore a white bedsheet draped around his tanned, toned body and on his back were a pair of cheap tinsel angel wings Dean had spied in the costume shop earlier that evening. By the time Dean saw the matching halo bouncing on a spring above familiar blue eyes, it was too late to drop his stash.
Dean closed his eyes, relaxing as the weight of Castiel settled on top of him. Kissing lower, fingers locking through Dean’s own. Cas shut Dean up real quick with a scuffle of blankets and scorching kisses, bleary eyes and soft moans. Desperate grabs leading to Dean laying on top of the angel, sated and safe.
Cas grabbed the demon by the throat and flung him to the ground in a sickening crunch. He stood on the demon’s chest, threw a punch to his cheek that was well worth the splitting skin of his knuckles. His grace was already glowing in his hand to smite the demon, when Dean put a hand on Cas' shoulder.
“Buddy, you just gonna stand there? Take a seat or grab a beer or somethin’. You’re making me itchy just looking at you.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, ignoring the heat that had gathered there. The hell is wrong with him?
Jesus Christ, Dean swore he felt the bass of that voice low in his belly. He scratched the back of his heated neck. “Uh. Thanks,” he replied, and if his own voice had suddenly dropped an octave or two, that was nobody’s business. Blue eyes nodded, looking a little pleased with himself. It was impossible to get a read on him; whether he wanted to be rid of Dean or if he was just a little socially awkward. Dean mentally crossed his fingers for the latter. He nodded toward the school and said, “This town big into Halloween or something?”
Charlie snapped her head around, facing Stevie with a look of panic washing over her face. “This was your idea!”
When he’d finished with Cas’ neck, Dean held up a finger and padded to the towel rack. He pulled a folded towel, gripping it harder than necessary. His mouth opened as though he were about to speak but thought better of it. Instead, he pressed the towel to Cas’ skin.
Dean barely swallowed the last bite of his sandwich before Cas zapped them off someplace else. It was a quiet part of town, and…
Sam paused a few steps ahead of Dean, frowning at the assholes who were stealing candy from a bunch of eight-year-olds. Dean didn’t hesitate. Dumping his candy into Sam’s over-flowing pile, he stomped toward the stupid little gang. It would be five-on-one, but he’d fared better with worse odds before.
Dean suspected it was for the privacy at first. Moving into the bunker with a bunch of dudes stinking up the place – it would take some getting used to. Even if it was only temporary. She and Sam had their eye out for a new place; somewhere that suited them both. Dean couldn’t help the sadness that crept over him when he thought of that day coming. But they deserved it – god, they deserved it.
,” Rowena said, slowly walking around the opposite side of the wooden table. Dean took it as a good sign that her instinct drove her to put space between them. Maybe he still stood a chance. “Was it you who brought us back? Are you the virgin that lit my black flame candle?”
The guy shifted his attention to Sam, seeming startled that someone else was present. That deep, rumbling voice answered “no” at the same time Dean answered “yeah.” A single brow rose on the dude’s forehead. Dean’s ego might have taken a hit if that look wasn’t so damn hot.
Dean ran a hand through the short spikes of his hair. “You’re telling me you were planning to go full Indiana Jones on some hokey museum without me? Buddy, this is the dream job.”
He froze on the stairwell, sternly reminding himself that the clock was ticking. That there were souls at stake.
Dean pulled Cas along down the hall, stealing glances and feeling his ears burn. Even after months of being together, making up for all that lost time, Dean knew he’d never get tired of the small victory of being able to look Cas in the eye and not feel that old shame for it. He was still no good with his words, but that was fine. He knew better ways to make Cas feel seen and known and loved.
“And I am much less transparent than the average restless spirit,” the guy joked, stepping forward without seeming to realise it. From the glint in his eye, Dean could tell he was proud of that one. He was giving too much eye contact and too little personal space, and for one blissful moment, Dean forgot all about who and where he was.
Dean dressed again. Paced again. His eyes kept drifting to the door, as if that would summon Cas. As if he could see all the way through it to the wall outside and watch the scene from hours before playing out. Everything Cas had said and done. Everything Dean had wanted to do. Wanted to say.
Cas shifted on his feet. The look Dean pinned him with gave him an almost unbearable urge to return the favour. Memories of weeks gone by ran unbidden through his mind, and Cas fought to shut them down as Dean strode forward. Cas tilted his head, brow raised. Dean silently pulled the tie from his grip, and without looking at Cas, he lifted the collar of Cas' shirt and looped the tie around his neck.
Things had been pretty quiet after the whole killing god and giving fate the middle finger shtick a couple weeks back. The boys were hanging up their guns for a while, which was great, good, fantastic. They deserved that break, you know? Cas was back, Sam and Eileen were getting pretty cozy, and Jack was hanging out with Claire and her girlfriend a lot these days. Things were looking up for everyone.
He’d felt guilty paying for it. Even if he’d paid for Cas’ too. Something about allowing himself this luxury felt wrong.
Dean lost track of time as he watched over Cas. His thoughts hit him harder than his exhausted mind could keep up with. The day blurred together – beating up douchebags in alleyways, fighting demons. Seeing Cas
“This is Sam, by the way,” he said, wrapping an arm around Sam’s shoulder and squeezing a little tighter than necessary. “Sam, I guess this is Cas.” He looked up at the half-naked angel. “’m gonna call you Cas, that cool?”
Cas hesitated the span of half a second, mind whirring. Dean was perceptive; cleverer than he gave himself credit for. He knew there had been a change between them. Even if he could not remember.
Even though he’d got him back, rescued Cas from that damn place… every time the angel smiled or told Dean he loved him, every morning Dean had woken up with Cas’s head resting on his chest, there was split second where Dean felt the urge to cling to him. To hold Cas before he slipped through his fingers again. It was stupid. God, it was stupid. He hated how helpless it made him feel.
When the queens on stage finished up and the waiter from before helped change up the set, a bunch of crap poppy music blared over the speakers. Dean watched as the waiter gave his number to some random guy. Tried not to think to hard about how no one seemed to care, or even notice. It was no big deal, he guessed. Which actually kind of helped, now that he sensed where the conversation at his booth was headed.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, debating whether to smite the cat or wait for another opportunity to learn all he could. “Why is that?”
Dean turned the half-filled glass of whiskey over in his hands. He’d been nursing it all night; the ice long since melted and the glass warm to the touch. He set it down, carefully spinning it on the mahogany table.
twice in one night. What the hell did Sam take him for? “Because I want some free candy and I need my little bitch brother to get it for me.”
Except Cas had. He’d known Dean from the start; before he’d ever walked into that barn in his fresh new vessel to speak with Dean like some kind of equal.
A couple of girls behind his brother were pointing and whispering, and Dean only grinned all the harder when Sam hissed at him to get out of here.
But when sleep finally came for Dean, his hand had drifted from Cas’ hair and rested next to the angel’s open palm. Nothing but quiet
Dean stood with his hands in his pockets, but Cas felt Dean’s gaze on the back of his neck. The fallen angel looked up to the faithless man and saw him not as a god of creation or destruction. Dean did not demand blind faith. Did not expect unwavering love. Did not even think himself worthy of such a thing.
Initially, there was something so lovely about the impermanence of it all. Now, for reasons he could not allow himself to give true thought, Cas felt the weight of time pressing in on him for the first time in his long existence. He sighed. “I don’t want it falling into the wrong hands.”
Dean cut him off again with a shrug. The gesture was a little too forced, but whatever. “Never cared about all that,” he lied, picking at the label on his beer. He felt his back stiffen. Talks like this didn’t happen in his family; not under John’s roof. They never ended well. “Anyway, don’t see the point in all that when-“
“I’m taking that as a ‘yes’,” Dean smirked, wrapping an arm around the angel’s shoulder to steer him across the street. He regretted it immediately. Too aware of the shifting muscles beneath his arm. The broad back and shoulders. The smell of his own sweat.
Cas shifted slightly to his side to better inspect Dean. He seemed unharmed. The line between his brows suggested Dean had been worried. That he’d stayed by Cas’ side for what had to have been hours – of course, Dean had worried.
Dean’s freedom lay in the infinite choices; between sacrifice and survival, fighting and giving up. He had the choice to repress, to deny, to forget - but instead said
Dean watched Cas twist the lid. How his hands wrapped around the bottle, dripping from the icy bucket he’d pulled it from. Watched the angel bring the bottle to his lips. The bob of his throat as he swallowed.
Dean liked to think he was a pretty well-travelled guy. His whole life had been open roads and dank motels. But there was no doubt in his mind that Bobby’s house and salvage yard was his favourite place in the world. Now that he was a little older, Dean knew the place probably got too quiet for the old man by himself.
It’s a small town, he reminded himself for the hundredth time. Those douchebags were pretty damn distinct looking. He’d get the jacket back.
They ordered their burgers, watching the show in moderate silence. Actually, this place was pretty great. Perfect really. Good music, good company… fucking great burgers. And for the most part, Dean didn’t even have to talk.
Dean leaned back against the sticky leather of his seat. “I wrote it down, alright? I don’t –“ he swallowed, eyes focused real hard on one speck of glitter on the table. “I dunno if he’s read it or not.”
He thought of the last alcohol-induced dream he’d had, passed out on top of this very table, and it was enough to make him slide the glass out of reach. Droplets spilled on the tabletop, the lamp light reflecting in them. Dean stared. Didn’t have the energy to look away.
Castiel had met a lot of humans on his time on Earth. Some kind, some prone to selfishness, and some admittedly rather pleasant to look at. Humanity wasn’t all that his Father had appraised it to be. Try as he might, Castiel could not seem to warm to these hairless apes. In the quietest hours of the night, he found himself wondering if his Father’s silence was a punishment of sorts. Castiel had tried to love humanity; to understand why the host of Heaven were expected to be so enamoured by it all. He prayed alone in those late hours; for forgiveness, for guidance, for something other than this nagging feeling of failure and abandonment.
Castiel supposed that was wishful thinking but decided to keep that to himself. His own voice softened at the sound of Crowley’s pain as he said, “Why did she kill him?”
It wasn’t as if the conversation had been uninteresting, either. Sure, it wasn’t a serious discussion or even a groundbreaking one, but it had been one of the best talks of Castiel’s life – even if, admittedly, his social life was a little lacklustre.
, Dean thought bitterly. “Sure,” he said, painting on that grin that usually got him lucky. That soft smile reappeared and it was all the boost Dean needed to get his head in the game. “If you believe in that sorta thing.”
It was only when Dean’s stomach growled in the space between them that Cas flew them back to their hotel room, soothing Dean before he felt the nausea of the flight. The silence between them was a comfortable thing; the quiet filled with anticipation. Relief.
Fuck. Even in his most shameful dreams, Dean never imagined it could be like this. Feel this good. Not with anyone. He groaned before he could help it.
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been standing there when Dean appeared behind him in the mirror. They locked eyes automatically – something like fear, regret shining in Dean’s.
. He’d been fifteen. Something inside him had just clicked; like this thing he’d been so fucked up about suddenly made so much sense. He wasn’t broken. He didn’t have to choose - though overcompensating with women sure felt more like a necessity than a choice. Not that he had any hang-ups with women, but...
Where they’d go when Dean’s soul left this world behind was a problem Cas would face when the time came.
“Not looking so hot now, Winchester,” the demon sneered. “I assume you’re looking for this?” She pulled the pendant from around her neck, easily hidden beneath her dress. “Poor little Kristen really thought she’d have it all when I gave her this.”
How come no one ever talks about your siblings moving on without you? It’s like you raise your own best friend and one day it’s like they barely even remember it, Dean thought.
It no longer mattered to him that his halo was broken, his grace a shell of what it had once been. Perhaps he was a slow learner, but Castiel knew that his allegiances had changed long ago. Faith had brought him this far; faith in an absent father; a god who never meant for him to be in this story. Faith in a righteous man who had sacrificed more for humanity than all the powers of Heaven ever had.
He drew in a breath and words that tasted like lies crept along his tongue. But he swallowed them. He wanted to shake his head, roll his eyes and laugh off how stupid that sounded, but he didn’t have the energy. It was like he’d thrown the last of his effort of the day in just getting out of bed and showering that morning.
“I don’t feel the cold,” Castiel said earnestly. “I would feel better if you took it.” His words grew quieter as he spoke.
Dean operated his entire life believing he had to justify the love people felt for him. That he had to perform and put on a front and give his whole life for those he cared for. Perhaps the latter was hypocritical thinking, Cas had to admit, but it was true.
Dean told him, smirking as Cas put Dean’s ring on the wrong finger, cheeks flushed as he corrected himself.
“Okay,” Dean said, drawing out the word. “Listen, I gotta talk to Sammy about somethin’, but we’ll be right back a’right?”
Cas stared back. Worshipful, wishful, as Dean’s soul burned and burned with quiet prayer. Cas’ wings flared wide, embracing Dean unseen and undetected. Fitting effortlessly around his charge’s soul. Unable to fight the urge to sooth the edges of Dean’s demure devotions, restrained and regretful. Rose-tinted lies battling an unwanted truth buried not so deeply as it had once been. Cas had felt the truth rising and repressing over and over in real time throughout the years. A truth, he knew, Dean would never freely share.
Dean quickly patted Cas on the shoulder, too aware that the angel could see through the forced smile he’d fought to plaster on his face. Dean left with a nod and awkward wave of his hand, almost bumping into the doorway on his way out.
He dropped the lighter on top of the bodies, watching as the flames quickly spread. He hurried to the door, but something made him hang back. He turned, scanning the room. His eyes landed on the spell book Rowena had used; it’s pages still open where she’d left them.
Dean turned to Charlie and Stevie, trying to force a look of bemusement on his face. His nerves were all fucked up. He’d been talking to himself all afternoon, even half-assed singing on the drive down in Baby in case his voice decided to fuck him over again.
“Suit yourself, chicken,” Dean quipped. A moment later, a metallic clank sounded from Dean’s direction and the inside of the house lit up. “Backup generator’s still working – ugh
Dean fished around in his blood-crusted pocket for his phone, but the damn screen was cracked. He tore back the sheets, stomach flipping from how cold Cas was beneath his touch, and found Cas’ phone. Mercifully intact.
“Listen guys, I put up with all that banging earlier tonight but come on- you got a room. Stay in it, or I’ll have to call…” The man paused, blinking at Cas. “Justin, is that you?”
Dean couldn’t fucking believe this. “I’m- “. It was an effort of restraint to keep from apologising again. If that really was how Cas felt, what he wanted… “Don’t ever go Men In Black with my head again, you hear me?” When Cas frowned, tilting his head in that adorable way of his, Dean gruffly started over. He knew what he wanted to say, what Cas needed to hear. But he was so damn scared that this wasn't real. That Cas didn't understand what he was saying. That Dean would say the wrong thing and he'd lose the one person he ever wanted, for good this time.
Dean glanced up at the sound of her footsteps. He looked so sad she could hardly stand it. Charlie reached the other side of the table and threw her arms around his shoulders. Dean was tense, his skin a little cold and clammy, but Charlie didn’t let go. After a moment, or maybe five, Dean’s arms curled around her waist in return.
Cas stared and stared boldly. Allowed himself that luxury. He’d watched the first sunrise split across this world in its infancy. Watched the first rainfall meet the seas, the first bolt of lightning split through the atmosphere. Those sights were trivial, mediocre compared to the sight before him.
The glass steamed over again, and Dean stared absently at the water pooling down the drain. Counted down from ten so he wouldn’t punch something. Again. Again.
There was an unnatural quality to their voices; something humans did not seem to pick up on. Cas turned, glaring, toward the pair. They climbed out of a filthy white van, the silver flash of a blade disappearing into the breast pocket of the woman’s coat.
Cas had flown him. Thrown him. It happened so fast Dean had no time to consider which because Cas was in his face, one hand pinning both of Dean’s on the wall, the other fisted beneath the collar of his shirt.
Charlie smacked him lightly on the shoulder. “I’m serious, Dean,” she said, sliding off the table and walking around to his other side. “It doesn’t matter how you got here, but you did. You love him, right?”
angel, he was all about control. Dean could see it in the restless way Cas shifted beneath him, hands fisted by his sides in restraint.
himself to want this. Cas brought his other hand to Dean’s cheek, fully cupping his face, and granted himself the sin of looking his love in the eye. Studying every shade of green, every passing feeling, every flare of Dean’s soul.
Footsteps sounded on the stairs and Dean looked up to see Castiel dressed in faded blue jeans and a black t-shirt that clung to his broad shoulders in the best way. He elbowed Sam to snap him out of his nerd trance at the amateur magic show.
“Hell yeah we are, man. We gotta plan this thing,” Dean looked Cas up and down from head to toe, an expression Cas had never quite learned to read passing over his face. “We gotta get you dressed for the occasion.”
Cas could hear nothing, nothing, over the pounding of his own heart. No prayers reached him in this moment that held its own kind of divinity.
It was a short walk through over-grown grass and a small, wooded area made up of gnarled trees and nettles. Many of the largest briars and thorns were hidden beneath windblown piles of auburn leaves. There was a silence in these parts that didn’t quite match the heavy footsteps of booted feet; as though the only sound came from the slightly ragged breathing of the two brothers, and the soft shushing of the leaves. Overhead, the moon in her fullest form lit their path through the branches of the trees.
In the back seat of a blacked-out limo, Cas waited for the demon to return to the driver’s seat. Waited for him to drive out of sight before exorcising the wretch from the man’s body.
Dean took the opportunity to get changed, too. He wiped the pizza grease from his hands on a bunch of napkins before opening the plastic-wrapped bag from the tailors. He’d needed a new suit for… shit, it was a couple years since he’d last bought one. This one was nice. Not cheap, not exactly the shit Crowley used to bitch about, but it looked good on him.
Cas froze. He debated flying to the bunker to speak face-to-face. But leaving Dean, even with the warding…
Shit like this was easier to figure out on paper. On one of the nearby shelves, he shuffled through stacks of loose pages until he found a couple of blank ones. Most of the pens Sam kept in an old motel mug were missing or had long run out, but Dean found one eventually, carrying it back to the table between his teeth. He’d write it out, get it out of his head, and then burn it.
Cas opened the curtain to find Dean leaning casually against the wall. Dressed again in his dirty clothes, flannel flung over one shoulder. Cas watched greedily as Dean wet his lips, beginning his inspection.
Cas healed the cut on Dean’s head and let his hand fall to Dean’s cheek. His eyes filled with relief. He’d be angry with Dean for his self-sacrificing later. Dean was alive and safe and whole – his soul as resplendent as ever.
“Unless you’ve got a snout full of grave dirt, bitch, I’m the only one here.” Dean threw his arms wide in a gesture around the room.
Dean thought as he was stabbed through the chest by another smile, but he swallowed down the words. Was this guy being deliberately obtuse or was he just not interested in men?
Dean’s shoulders squared, instantly slipping into the role he was born to. His eyes hardened, any trace of the joy and tenderness from moments ago gone. Dean became the hunter; famously feared and rightfully so. He put away the lighter, reaching instead for his blade.
Dean's stomach grumbled in protest and he reluctantly gave up on the pizza crust, discreetly checking that Cas didn't notice. He didn't need any I-Told-You-So's, damn it. He ignored the fancy bottled waters on the cart completely, instead reaching for another beer. It was good shit, he thought. Dean picked absently at the damp label, hesitating for a bashful moment, before clinking his bottle against Cas' beer.
The demon advanced, landing a punch directly on Dean’s mouth. Blood sprayed. She grabbed again for Dean’s wrist, but Dean held fast to her upper arm. He bent forward, and rolled, the momentum sending the demon flying over his shoulder.
, Dean thought. But what he said was, “God, no. Are you kiddin’ me? You’ve got it made here, man.” Dean gestured vaguely around the streets.
Dean scrambled to his feet. Meg backed away in horror, a small frown knit between her dark brows. Dean’s hand closed around the blade protruding from her throat, the other fisting in the witch’s hair. He took a deep breath. Shut his eyes and mouth tight.
I'd love to know what you thought!  Please consider leaving kudos or dropping a comment here or on tumblr
With a final glance at Dean, Cas flew from the bedroom to the Bunker’s library and quickly realised his mistake. He should have known it would be a fruitless task seeking books on relationship advice in the Winchester’s collection. He supposed it was a small comfort that the brothers had little more experience than Cas himself in that department. But he wanted to learn. The divide between he and Dean – millennia of watching versus limited human years of experience – the least Cas could do was begin on equal footing.
Dean smiled, though his eyes were unfocused. Distant. He nodded slowly. “Right. But listen, man. If you can’t wait for me to get over–“
he loved women. There was never any fear that he’d like chicks any less if he was with a dude. But if he was with a guy… everyone would think he’s gay, right? Did it matter?
Cas kissed him hard and breathless, hands roaming up beneath Dean’s flannel. Fuck, the feel of those hands on his skin… Dean’s mind went blank. How did Cas get so good at this?
Dean’s breath hitched as the angel carefully lifted the back of his t-shirt, exposing his skin to the chill air. Small shards of glass were embedded into his freckle-kissed skin, and Castiel worried with the fabric of the shirt, determined not to cause any further pain.
Dean kissed Cas’ shoulder, lingering for a moment, before crossing the room to open the door a crack.
Castiel once believed that freedom was the length of a rope, and god wanted you to hang yourself from it. When the angel of Thursday fell from grace and fell in love, he tore through the foundations of fate. The bond between he and his human charge existed outside the hands of destiny. It was untouchable by the pen of any prophet, beyond the interference of angels and demons. Cas learned what happened when the strings of fate are cut and would yet discover what would become of god’s carefully crafted story when man is given true choice for the first time in history.
“Told you he’s an easy catch,” the mystery woman said, out of sight. “The pretty one with wandering eyes, testing people to see if there's a demon inside them.”
To all you Cas stans, know that you're more loved than you think. And to the Dean stans: you really are deserving of love. Even if it takes 12 years to tell your truth, never let anyone silence you.
His brother, Gabriel, Archangel of Heaven and notorious trickster, had recruited him weeks ago to join a slow-moving mission on god’s request. Unfortunately for Castiel, Gabriel refused to disclose said message, insisting only that they be stationed on Earth until god saw fit to call them. Weeks had gone by in which Castiel had witnessed all manner of debauchery at the endless parties his brother threw and goaded Castiel into participating. Or, at least, looking the part and answering the door.
Dean pulled back this time, his vision cloudy. He blinked away the daze to see Cas' cheeks flushed. Dean's lips fell open.
Dean’s throat bobbed as he swallowed hard, seeming to forget his bravado beneath the heat of Cas’ gaze.
Dean Winchester was swift. Efficient. And the darkest parts of him enjoyed the thrill of putting down the monsters in this world. Dean was – he was beautiful. An amalgamation of all it is to be human. In moments like these, after the almost carnal satisfaction of a hunt, Dean’s soul flared like wings of his own, bright and burning despite the darkness that ate at the edges. Castiel would know that soul amongst a billion others. How it smoothed the sharpest of his edges; both Dean’s and his own.
He glanced up at the wide stained-glass windows of the stone building and considered his options. He could enter the museum and take the pendant regardless of Dean’s plans. But he knew – with an object of such import, there was no possibility these pathetic demons were the only one’s going after it. Whoever they were working for, they would not give up so easily.
Dean raised his brows, waiting for Charlie to continue. He leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms protectively over his chest. There was a phantom of a smile on his lips – like he wanted to smile, or was trying to, but couldn’t quite get there.
He remembered the feeling of Cas’ body pressing him into the wall, the stubble scratching at his lips. It felt different with guys than it did with girls. Not bad - not at all.
Cas spoke in that slow, careful way of his as he told Dean about his own father. How he suspected he’d been abandoned or shut out, and he couldn’t quite understand his own significance anymore without his father’s guidance. Dean listened, rapt. He swore at some points he forgot to breathe, but Cas just kept describing Dean’s own life without meaning to.
Castiel paused in the doorway next to Dean. “Are you sure this is a good idea?” he asked softly. Without thought, without meaning to, he placed a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder. The man’s breathing hitched the smallest amount and Cas quickly dropped his hand. He felt the warmth of Dean’s breath on his cheek as he moved to step inside. But he could get no further.
Cas took a small step forward, and Dean was too stunned to protest. "Dean, I have loved you long before I understood it myself, before I knew it was possible. I am content with our friendship, if that is what you want. I swear to you, I have never erased more than your memory of those moments. I have
Dean backed up against the opposite wall, hands running through his hair. He really was the worst kind of monster.
Sam sat at the wooden desk that fit perfectly between two windows on one side of the room. The tinny sound of Bob Segar’s
Dean looked at Castiel as though he’d never been offered something so simple as kindness in his life. His hand closed over the soft fabric, still warm from the heat of Castiel’s borrowed body. He muttered a small “thanks” as he put it on, his eyes wide and filled with that unplaceable emotion once again.
Dean glanced up to see Cas biting his lip, his eyes wide in awe. So Dean fucking went for it. Eyes locked on Cas', Dean opened his throat and took all of him in. Dean heard the groan that escaped from Cas even over the sound of Zeppelin's
Cas felt Dean’s small smile as he kissed him unbearably soft, hardly moving at all lest the moment broke like a dream disturbed. Cas drew him closer, ever impatient, and turned Dean around to press his back into the table. Dean broke the kiss for only a moment, scooting back to sit on the table, wincing a little as he sat.
“If you don’t want to do this,” Cas began calmly, and Dean’s mind raced at what the hell Cas could mean in the space between his next words, “go home.”
“You were gone for like fifteen minutes, tops,” Dean argued, but the softness of his eyes didn’t match the seriousness of his tone. “The hell happened?”
He slung Cas’ coat over his arm and took his dishes to the kitchen. For the first time all week, he felt alive enough to make coffee. Dean drank it then and there, a plan forming in his head.
Dean raised his head, a small act of defiance. Still, he didn’t push against Cas. Didn’t try to move away. “I’m getting that pendant.” His voice wasn’t as strong as he hoped. He didn't give a shit.
you to know that I was never ashamed of… of loving you. I was ashamed because… ‘cause I didn’t know that this was something I could have. If it was something you’d even – something you
There was more to that question, Dean knew. Bobby was no fan of John Winchester, but he tolerated him well enough for his sons. Sometimes Dean wondered how different life might have been if Bobby had been the one to raise them. A sharp twinge of guilt pulled behind Dean’s ribs at the thought, though it was far from the first time he’d almost wished for things he didn’t deserve.
God, those dudes just needed to talk already. She and Sam had joked for years about locking them in a room together, just to see what would happen. Maybe all they need is a little push.
“Let’s get outta here,” Sam said, hurriedly dumping his stash of candy into one of the thick cardboard bags left out for trick or treaters.
Dean braced himself against the wall. He attempted to make it look casual – as though he had the upper hand and wasn’t worried. But it was obvious he was weakened.
It sucked the next time and the time after that. After the fifth, Cas wasn’t quick enough. Dean hurled his guts up in the gutter outside some poor old lady’s house. His stomach felt hollow. Painfully empty. But that didn’t stop it rumbling when the old grandma offered him up a slice of cheese-steak sandwich after Cas was done healing her.
Dean sighed. He knew she’d been waiting up for him. He checked his watch and winced. 1.47am and here she was. The woman was a saint. Though she probably would have been up anyway - that was one thing she and Sam refused to agree on. Sammy was always an early bird; always had to start his day with a run before the sun was fully up. Like a crazy person. Eileen had more sense. She slept in to normal-person hours; preferred staying up half the night.
“Show off,” Dean muttered, using the distraction to pluck a couple of the larger candy bars from Sam’s bag. His hand closed around a pack of mints, and Dean popped one into his mouth, hiding the rest in his back pocket. Never know when you might need one.
Lies were a language best spoken by the Winchesters. Dean more than Sam, admittedly. It was one of the first things Dean had taught Castiel: Lying, shame, regret.
This day had a purpose. A few extra steps along the way, or no – Dean was not supposed to be here. Cas was supposed to – to clear his head. To purge his thoughts of the hunter who took another swing at the stalker for luck, that left him unconscious and slumped against the wall.
When Cas reached the stage, Dean winked at Jack, patting him mindlessly as he moved to stand by his Best Man. Charlie gave him a thumbs up, and everything went quiet in Dean’s head as he faced Cas.
Castiel removed his trench coat, holding it out before him for Dean to take. Dean stared at the coat like it was a foreign object he had no idea what to do with.
“I mean, you don’t have to,” Dean grinned, openly checking out Castiel. The slutty angel looked entirely unimpressed. Dean mumbled something about them waiting, swallowing down the lick of disappointment. He watched as Castiel ascended the large white marble staircase in front of the entrance; eyes wide and lecherous as he lamented the last sighting of the outfit.
Cas studied the brothers for a moment; Dean with his borderline pathetically hopeful smile, and Sam’s expression of utter regret at ever having agreed to any of this.
He just wanted silence. Not the kind an empty library in a secret bunker can offer. Not even the type that a glass of whiskey could bring.
“I came here because I missed you, alright?” Dean said quietly. He felt so small, so pitiable even admitting it. Family was a weapon and being vulnerable only served to sharpen the blade that would eventually strike him.
“Check this out,” Dean said, reading the candle’s description aloud in a mocking tone. “Made from the fat of a hang man. Legend says that on a full moon it’ll raise the spirits of the dead when lit by a virgin on Halloween night.”
Cas snatched the stalker by the elbow, his hands like vice as he swung him into the alley. In a second, he had the man pinned to the wall, forearm crushing against his bearded throat.
They were sprawled on the sofa, Charlie’s head on Stevie’s lap while Stevie filled her in on what she’d been up to. Charlie asked a bunch of work-related questions they both knew she had little interest hearing about right now, doing anything to put off talking about her own night.
“Son of a bitch,” he muttered without an ounce of accusation. Dean traced the map of tiny purplish bruises running down his neck and collar bone. A nagging suspicion had him dropping the robe to the floor. One foot on the sink, Dean blinked down at the hickeys painted on his thighs. “
Jack had never called Dean “dad” before. Jack could have been addressing either of them, he rationalised. But Dean had just accepted it without question, without thinking.
Cas looked plainly at Dean now; fury radiating from him as he stared the man down. Cas wasn’t sure why he did it – why he waited for the slight nod of approval from his friend before he dragged the man deeper into the alley. Before he broke every finger, before he wiped his mind.
Cas retrieved the bottle of holy oil from his blazer and Dean pulled a zippo lighter from the back pocket of his jeans. They lay the pendant on the ground without touching it; the pink quartz in the centre almost ghostly beneath the moonlight.
A human without a soul wasn't much better off than a demon. They had no fear, no conscience. Nothing but cold calculating awareness with no regard for the big picture. Dean couldn't help but shiver at the memory of soulless Sam watching him get turned by that vamp a couple years back. He'd just stood there, curious and amused. A thing like that pendant could ruin lives in more ways than one.
The old lady couldn’t get to the phone. Her heart had been giving out on her. Cas said it wasn’t that serious. No reapers about. But she would have lain there for hours before anyone found her. The dude couldn’t pass up her prayers. He still had to wipe her memory of their being there though.
It was only when Bobby shifted on his feet that Dean pulled away, clearing his throat and looking pointedly down at his feet.
The party in Castiel’s house had stepped up a notch from weird magic tricks and a handful of pretty girls. The place was packed out; the giant bowl out front no longer filled with candy, but with some gross mystery cocktail with jelly eyeballs floating in it. On the steps into the building, someone was throwing up into a pumpkin. Inside, some drunk dude had clearly got his hands on a mic.
Cas scowled at the pendant and made to walk toward the bathroom when Dean’s hand closed around his wrist. Dean gently tugged him back, surprising Cas with a sweet kiss to his lips.
“Tell me.” He heard the shifting of a mattress again, as though Sam had gotten into bed and now changed his mind.
It was around 4am two days later when Dean jolted awake, already feeling Cas’ soothing hands reach out to steady him.
Dean rubbed at his forehead. “What?” He blinked against the harsh sunlight. Thought he was going crazy for a second, but no-
Dean's mouth popped open. Well, okay then. Before he could say any more on the matter, Cas' tongue was in his mouth and all other thoughts left his mind.
“All it takes is one child,” Meg said sharply, sniffing the switch to the backup generator. “We have one night to get this right,” she warned. “We’ll have all eternity after to seek revenge, sister.”
Dean made a thoughtful face, finally looking slightly over his shoulder at Cas. His gaze quickly roamed up and down Cas’ form before he smiled. His eyes twinkling with a teasing joy Cas had never seen in him before. “Nah, I’m good.”
Dean greedily dug into the pie, chewing loudly and obnoxiously because he knew his brother hated it. When the back of his neck started to burn, Dean looked up, shooting Sam a look of impatience. The hell was he looking at? “What?” he asked, waving his plastic fork.
Final chapters coming Monday & Thursday! Please consider leaving kudos or letting me know what you thought in the comments or on tumblr @pointyearedelvishprincling
Still no sign anything amiss, Cas told himself it was for the hunt that he slipped through the fire exit and climbed the black metal staircase. He listened for voices on each floor - not Dean’s, of course - but guests. Potential villains with a penchant for human souls.
Cas didn’t answer. Instead he stepped forward, placing one hand on Dean’s left shoulder. Dean’s mouth opened but his stomach dropped before he could speak. That gross feeling of being compressed, of the wind peeling off his skin, his balls launching upward, and his throat constricting until his lungs ached. Even if he could have yelled, it was over in a boom of wings before his… everything, had adjusted.
He hurried along the short hallway, the walls white and bare of any art or trinkets. A muffled sound reached him from the left corner, and Cas braced for a fight.
A fish jumped nearby, the water rippling, disturbing the perfect picture of the clouds reflected from above.
“I told Castiel it was the cops that showed up,” Sam said pointedly to his brother. “It was, right?”
Perhaps, Cas wondered, it was a blessing that angels had no need of sleep. Dean flinched intermittently with each nightmare that gripped him, only to be soothed away by the angel’s touch. He’d whimper occasionally; the freckles between his brows distorting as he frowned, his thick lashes quivering.
Fuck a punch to the gut. In the last couple of hours, Dean had been beat up and shot and even that hadn’t hurt like this.
Sam cleared his throat. “Uh… do you two know each other?” he asked, eyes darting between Dean and the man dressed as an angel. They stood so close together that the tinsel halo bounced against the cowboy hat.
For all their desperation to get inside their old house, the witches paid no heed to any possible intruder right away. Instead, they almost seemed taken by nostalgia as they took in the room, inspecting all the museum crap that had been added and left to rot.
Seeing Castiel’s eyes roam over his body from head to toe, Dean felt a little smug. He slunk off up the stairs for his second shower of the evening. There was a spare bedroom down the hall not quite the same size as Sam’s, but still larger than any room Dean had stayed in before. It was mostly empty; the closet filled with hunting gear and a selection of Bobby’s suits.
Charlie sighed. She watched the screen, expecting those three little dots to pop up to indicate Dean was going to explain himself. Like a normal person. When they never came, Charlie resigned herself to dinner plans that had nothing to do with eating Chinese takeout in the comfort of her and Stevie’s bed.
His little brother had turned fifteen just two days after their dad dropped him off at Bobby’s temporary digs. He supposed his dad hoped Bobby would talk some sense into the kid. Rookie mistake.
There wasn’t a chance it would freak him out and set him and Cas back to the "pining from afar" stage, right? The dying for each other over and over, and talking nose to nose, and finding their stupid little excuses to…
Please consider leaving kudos or a comment if you enjoyed this! I'd love to hear your thoughts here or on tumblr @pointyearedelvishprincling :)
“You were always a mistake, laddie,” she said, her voice low and deadly and she stepped toward the cat. “I should have killed you when I had the chance.”
If there was one thing Dean was sure of, it was that there was no way Cas ever thought of Dean. Not like that.
Which is how Dean found himself waking warm and happy with teeth gently scraping along his neck, legs tangled through his own, and large hands kneading their way up his bare thighs.
It didn’t feel right, here. In this city. He’d picked a half-decent hotel for a reason – didn’t want anything casting his mind back to those weeks he and Sam had been here in a cheap motel. It was an effort not to think about it, and when he did…  Dean cracked his knuckles.
Sitting on a crumbling old wall outside the park, Dean pulled a rumpled piece of paper from his jacket pocket, double checking Bobby’s temporary new address. The man had worked a couple cases here in Salem earlier this summer and decided to rent a place out for a year. Bobby swore it was because the rent was dirt cheap (the house had been seriously haunted at first, to be fair) but Dean suspected the guy just needed to run away for a while
Castiel did not linger. Not when the pendant was so close to Dean’s soul – the brightest, most important soul in all of human history.
Cas rummaged through his pockets, in search of the mixtape he kept on him at all times. His fingers closed around a lump of paper and Cas pulled it free, frowning as he saw his name written on the outside of the fold.
And maybe Dean knew. Maybe he’d known the moment those words had left the angel’s mouth that this was it. Cas was it.
Cas frowned deeply. He recognised the spark of mischief in Dean’s eyes. Knew exactly where he was going with this.
After the quickest shower he could manage, Dean towelled off his hair and dressed in a fresh pair of jeans. He ran his fingers through his hair, styling it as sexy as it would go. He had a couple of bruises still coming in from the fight earlier, but nothing too bad. Dean turned, looking over his shoulder to check his back in the mirror. Embarrassment pinked his ears. There wasn’t even a scratch on him, and he’d gone and let a guy who looks like
She was young, Cas knew. Light on her feet. Heels. Her fingers gripping her purse like a lifeline. A second set behind her. Heavier, uneven. Drunk- no there was no alcohol in his body. The man had a limp.
Dean was so glad he'd stayed. He couldn't fucking imagine how hard this must have been on Cas - how many times he'd thought he'd had to wipe Dean's memories. Dean felt clammy at the thought of it all; how there were whole gaps in his memory that he had no clue about. But how could he be angry at Cas? This was Dean's own fault. Of course, Cas had no clue how Dean felt when Dean had no idea himself.
“I’m not sure this is the kind of information teenagers should be privy to,” Castiel said, looking at Claire, Kaia and Jack pointedly.
“You found your soulmate? That’s amazing!” Jack perked up, then scrunched his face in confusion. “Why is that not amazing?”
Castiel shrugged, not knowing what to say. Silence was safe; silence usually didn’t bring humiliation in its wake.
Cas’ mouth formed a tight line, his head shaking. “This city,” he said, pausing to bite his lip in worry. Dean’s eyes tracked the movement, breath catching. “It’s the people that are doing harm to one another. I can hear them-“ Cas shut his eyes.
It was Dean that voiced it for him. The man took a step closer, the tips of his boots touching Cas’ own. Dean leaned in close, green eyes wide and thumb stroking gently along the line of Cas’ jaw. “This still okay?” Dean murmured against his lips.
“Holy shit. They talked!” Charlie sat up on her knees. She slung an arm around Stevie’s shoulder, pulling her closer to read the text.
Out in the hallway - things had never gotten that far between them before. Cas had never felt the fervour of his desire so desperately than in that moment. The taste of Dean, the silent prayers Cas had answered in real time. The small, unintentional noises he'd elicited from Dean. Castiel had never felt so much like he belonged. Like he was finally home.
Sam took a seat, smiling to himself as he rummaged through a paper grocery bag. “I said your name like three times, dude.”
enemies. They’d always been on the same side, he and Cas. Even when things got so fucked up. Even when they’d betrayed each other, their goals were always the same. Their hearts always in the right place at the wrong time.
Hours past like that – the VHS tape rewound to the beginning and was already almost half-way through its second run when Dean began to yawn. They’d unconsciously scooted closer as they talked. Somewhere along the way, Cas’ trench coat was pulled across their laps. Still, they talked. Still, every time Castiel looked Dean in the eye, it felt like the air had been knocked from his lungs.
“I love you, Dean.” Cas drew him close, grabbing the front of Dean’s robe. He leaned his full weight into Dean, pressing him against the wall.
The first time he’d laid eyes on Dean as a mere human, it had hit him with the same force it had when he’d found Dean's soul in hell. There were times, even now, when it felt almost sinful to look him in the eye. So, Cas turned his own on the unconscious stalker instead.
“Because,” Crowley said seriously, his tone darkening, “this isn’t over. Pretty boy might have chopped the witches’ heads off, but they’ll be back. Won’t matter what you do. ‘Long as the black flame candle burns, they’ll just keep coming back. But here’s the kicker,” the cat said, “they’ve only got until –“
Two other guys closed in on Dean, and he had them on their bellies with a face full of dirt in seconds. The other three looked at him, wild eyed and sorely outmatched, but they banded together all the same.
Dean spared a glance toward Stevie, who shrugged. He had no idea how much Charlie had told her but, somehow, he trusted her to have spared the details.
Dean placed a hand on Cas’ own; the touch startling. Castiel froze, attention snapping down to the cold hand that slowly slipped from his own.
The thief ran uphill, and with the weight of Dean’s bag slowing him down, Dean caught up with him in no time. He dropped his dad’s jacket at the side of the road and dove for the guy. Grabbing him by the scruff of his patchwork shirt, Dean couldn’t help the snort of laughter when he got a good look at the guy.
Cas’ voice was soft, so weak it nearly brought Dean to his knees then and there. He turned, heart hammering seeing Cas even paler than before. Dean snatched up his gun, tore his knife from the dead demon, and braced himself again.
Dean thought. “Okay, so come with us,” he batted his lashes at the scantily clad angel of Halloween.
Dean stood, taking a quick step forward just as Cas took another backward. “Huh? No, no…” Dean said, reaching out and grabbing hold of Cas’ sleeve. He seemed so lost, but there was determination in the set of his shoulders. “No, you’re good. You’re… everything’s fine,” he said, clearing his throat.
He wasn’t an idiot. He knew that Castiel, Heaven’s once most loyal soldier, was often accused of favouring him. Hell’s greatest torturer.
Cas didn’t yet know that the happiest moment of his life was yet to come. Every day he’d spend with Dean - on a hunt, on a drive, on their first trip to the ocean and every small intimate moment in between, each moment of happiness would drown out every terror they faced.
“Hey,” Dean said to Sam, scratching at his messy hair. He leaned against the doorway, the picture of nonchalance.
“Okay,” Charlie drew out the word. “So, you love Cas. And clearly,” she said, her voice taking on the tone of someone explaining the obvious to a damn kid, “Cas loves you, too.”
Sam snorted, rolling a beer across the table and holding out his own. Dean opened the can, clinking it against his brother’s before taking a long sip and coughing with regret. Coffee and beer. Bad call.
“Some would say that’s a compliment, Dean,” Cas deadpanned. His eyes softened, that celestial brightness flaring just a little.
Eileen brought her to a stop outside the library. With a sad smile, the hunter signed “good luck” and left Charlie to it.
By the time Bobby’s truck pulled into the driveway two hours later, Dean’s mood had already run through the full spectrum from pissed off, to vengeful, to self-loathing, and all the way down to embarrassment.
Before Dean could warn his brother for the second time to get the hell out of there, Sam picked up a wooden chair and smashed it against the table. He snatched up a splintered wooden leg, testing the sharpness of the point on the tip of his finger.
He made his way to the bathroom and scrubbed his face over the sink. Donning his dead-guy robe before making his way to the kitchen.
“Nice lamp, by the way,” Dean said, pointing to the lady that lit the paper Sam was scrambling to hide away in a drawer.
Castiel’s lip curled. “He is not my –“ he snarled, before cutting himself off. The brothers turned, looking at Castiel in surprise.
A soul that bore an eternal mark somewhere along the wavelength that was Castiel. A handprint of his very own.
Dean could kill god all over again for the hand he’d dealt them. It was cruel – so damn cruel that the happiest moments of his life had been the quietest. The best he’d ever had were the crawl spaces between one big bad and the next. And maybe that was enough when he knew he didn’t matter. When he knew that all he had to do was keep Sammy alive and take down as many of those bastards as he could before he went out.
“Oh my god,” Sam whined, and it was like all the sound and air rushed back into the world, breaking the spell of the moment. Dean realised only then that he was stood less that two feet from Cas, both of them standing stock still, like a couple of wax figures. “Can we go home now?”
The driver grunted in response to Dean’s deadpan “thanks” as he stepped off the bus. One foot on the pavement and the sickly sweet scent of pumpkins left out too long in the heat hit his nose. Dean closed his eyes, breathed deep. It was warmer here than he expected for late October. Maybe this place wouldn’t be so bad after all.
Dean fixed the hat on top, his tongue peeking through his teeth as he worked. It looked like crap, but he had to admit he felt pretty good.
Crowley, though largely unhelpful, had at least been useful in some small part. He’d spoken to the angel while Dean showered and the younger boy busied himself in the kitchen. The witches were likely returned by now, but without the book, they had no way to create a potion of sorts to steal the life force from children, rendering them truly immortal once more. The black flame candle that bound them to life would only burn for this one Halloween night. When the sun rose in just a few short hours, the threat of the witches would be gone forever.
All too soon, Cas rose over Dean, bracing one hand on the side of Dean's head, the other still working his cock. Dean was breathless, starry eyed and awed and desperate for more.
Charlie swore softly, but her attention was quickly swallowed by the soft lulling speeches in the made-up language on screen.
“Lookin’ good, buddy,” Dean said, softly. He cleared this throat then, hastily ducking behind Cas to pick up his discarded coat. Cas watched as Dean folded the trench coat, carefully smoothing the wrinkles of the fabric. His expression vacant, unreadable. “You can't walk around all day with blood on you, man. You got somewhere to keep this?”
“Not true,” Dean said. “Come on, it’ll be fun.” Dean turned to Cas with his biggest smile and found something like fear in the dude’s eyes.
Old hand-carved tables were topped with half-melted candle sticks. A large black iron cauldron hung from the wooden rafters on thick chains. There was a small merchandise stand that still held packs of candles and toy wands, presumably as gifts for tourists. Mounted above a closet door were three broomsticks, perfectly preserved and untouched even by the small creatures that had taken refuge in the dark.
Stevie waved vaguely at the door behind them and Dean shrugged. He had no idea what she was talking about, and right now he was a little distracted.
Breathless and completely losing track of time, Dean broke the kiss. His eyes hazy and lips slightly swollen. He grinned. “You miss me or something, sweetheart?”
had the face of a freckled man, with hollow eyes that burned with hope. Dean wasn’t just a temptation. He was a risk.
He tipped his cowboy hat, shooting finger guns as he spoke. “Howdy,” Dean plastered a cheesy grin over his face. “What brings you to these parts, partner?”
Things had been… different between them. For a while now. Dean had the vague sense that he was in the doghouse – like they were fresh out of a fight Dean couldn’t seem to remember. Which wouldn’t be all that weird but…
Lumbering footsteps sounded at the doorway and Dean snorted at the sight of Sam, suddenly feeling almost proud of his own bedhead. Sam’s hair stood up in every direction, his big puppy eyes narrowed in the harsh light of the kitchen.
Dean lay back in the grass, propped up on his elbow. He shut his eyes; tilted his head back to soak his face in sunlight, hair shifting in the breeze. Cas sat nearby, smiling slightly at the swan and her cygnets swimming playfully in a reflection of sunlight in the water beyond.
Behind him, the beat-up old double-decker marked “Salem Bus Line” screeched as it pulled back onto the road. Dean was glad to see it go. To stretch his legs and be back on his own two feet. The six-hour commute had been hell between stopovers and screaming babies. When his Walkman had died only two hours in, it had taken all his efforts not to jump off first chance he got and say screw it to his lonely little adventure.
He wasn’t sure he’d said the words out loud; wasn’t sure if he’d been asleep this whole time. Somewhere deep in his slumbering psyche, Dean knew his dreams were never so kind to him as this.
Sammy was always telling him to google places before showing up unaware, and maybe the jerk had a point.
"I know," Cas said softly, his face falling as he stepped toward Dean. "I thought I was going to lose you, too."
, Dean had vowed a long time ago, would always be his choice. So, yeah. He’d tell Sam. Not because he had some epiphany about his sex life but because…
Castiel chewed on his lip, his wings stretching nervously behind him. “I’ll just wait here,” he replied, his tone more annoyed than anything.
He hadn’t been ready to put on a show for Sam. To pretend like everything was all peaches and gravy when it wasn’t. So, Dean had been sitting on the front porch next to the worst carved pumpkins he’d ever seen. His ass was long asleep, and the goosebumps that had broken out all down his arms felt like some kind of karma for losing his dad’s jacket.
Dean hated himself. Loathed that darkness in him that turned away from anything bright. Who was he kidding? He was as much a monster as any of those bastards he killed. Had been for a long time. Maybe even born that way. But the flash of hurt in Cas’ eyes – no, Dean deserved to feel like this. Never deserved to be looked at with that kind of fealty. Like he was some kind of - of god.
Charlie shot a quick text to Cas, who responded immediately that he was in the Bunker. Cas repeated his question, and before Charlie could respond, he’d added “The room is set up for your date. I very much think you’ll like it”, along with a string of borderline nonsensical emojis.
on Castiel. The angels that had feared for him. And Anna, who must have recognised it. Who'd warned Cas long before he could have possibly understood the implications.
Sam had hit the books hard in the hours since they last spoke. Researched curses and spells and hardly found a damn thing about this pendant. He told Dean to find something made of iron to touch it; something big enough to keep his distance. There was no telling how close someone needed to be for this thing to reap their soul. Sam was only ninety percent certain it would work, but Dean set down the phone, staring up at the only piece of iron large enough in the room.
Dean switched off the shower and glanced down at the bruises on his thighs, running his thumb over them until the shade of violet faded to a paler blue for just a moment. He took his time drying his skin. Knew he was stalling.
Eileen and Cas looked up from the table below at her usual “s’up, bitches?” greeting. Eileen got up and hugged her, and god damn, the woman was strong. Cas hung back, a fond smile on his face.
Cas reappeared from the bathroom. He frowned at the small mountain of dishes Dean had surrounded himself with on the bed.
For anyone wondering WHERE'S THE ANGEL?? for most of this chapter, I have good news! There'll be a lot more of Cas from now on AND he'll be getting his own POV. Next chapter is where the real fun starts :) New chapters coming Mondays and Thursdays.
“Oh, come on. Let’s grab a burger or somethin’. Haven’t seen you in months,” Dean said, trying real hard to ignore the cold feeling threatening to settle in the pit of his stomach. So much for their big reunion.
Angels were not created to embody such mortal emotions. But Cas had never quite fit with the grand plan. Had played a hand in burning those plans to the ground.
Cas lowered his head, tilting it under silent command as Dean started on his face. Dean silently instructed him, pulling faces that Cas mirrored to allow the razor to glide more smoothly over his skin. Cas obeyed, a soft smile growing in his eyes. For a man who’d been known as Hell’s greatest torturer, Dean’s hands were only that of a protector.
“We should… we should probably burn this thing before...” Dean cut himself off, eyes cloudy. The involuntary prayers Cas heard now – they were no longer filtered through layers of shame. Cas knew exactly what Dean wanted.
Was he flirting with that dude? Champagne tasted like molecules even to Dean, never mind the angel, so what the hell-
A female voice behind him screamed, and Cas turned, wings automatically flaring wide to protect the other woman.
“I love you,” Cas whispered against his lips. “I love you,” he repeated, kissing Dean hard on the mouth.
“Sorry, but,” Sam said, his stupid face looking more amused than apologetic, “I just can’t imagine dad and Cas shooting the shit-“
you are that I - that I'm in love with. Cas, I’d love you in whether you were an angel, a human, hell, even a damn demon,” Dean ignored the pointed cough that sounded from Crowley’s direction. “I’m sorry it took me so long to say it. But I swear, I’ll tell you every day if that’s what makes you happy." He paused, savouring the look on Cas' face. Shit, Dean had never felt so weightless in years. So
Dean cursed. He hardly managed to right himself, before Cas was back. The angel stood now at the opposite end of the room; a safe distance between them. Dean saw the glint of silver of his own blade and guns drop to the bed. Cas must have picked them up from his room in the bunker.
For a few long, heavy minutes, only the ticking of the clock and soft buzzing of the fluorescent lighting could be heard.
Seeming to give up on the tie and scowling down at his own hands, angel eyes walked away. Leaving his coffee cup, and Dean’s number, stranded on the wall behind him.
Three women – three witches – stepped into the museum. Dean frowned at the sight; the hags he’d been expecting were… well, they were pretty much anything but. The first stepped gracefully into the patch of moonlight, the others trailing her every footstep. Dean recognised her instantly from the stories Cas had told on the way.
Sam rolled his eyes. “You want candy so bad, go by yourself. I’ve got plans.” He stood, grabbing a jacket from his closet for emphasis.
Dean brought the whiskey to his lips, feeling the burn of the alcohol on the sensitive skin. Something stopped him taking a sip. It wasn’t working. It hadn’t
It was so damn hard to remind himself sometimes that Jack wasn’t his father. The last person Dean ever wanted to be was his own dad, and yet he’d been so ignorant in the moment with every harsh and cruel bullshit move he’d pulled with his own kid. There was nothing of Lucifer in Jack – the kid was all Cas. He was good.
Dean moved to tuck the sheets in at Cas’ side when he noticed the golden chain of the pendant wrapped around his wrist. Dean reached out a hand but quickly thought better of it.
Cas heard Sam lean against the door, and shot Dean a look of warning. Dean bit his lip, and hurriedly got dressed. Cas followed suit, watching Dean intently as he made a decision that would perhaps change everything.
Cas frowned, eyes darting up to meet Dean’s own. Before he could ask if Dean was okay, Dean winked and pulled him closer to stand between his legs. The angel ran his hands along Dean’s thighs on the small journey back into his embrace.
Through whatever terror Dean’s mind rent upon him, that small brush of permission was returned almost instantly. So, Castiel walked into the dream.
His head was too loud. One memory playing over another. Words mixing together, contradicting each other so fast he couldn’t catch up. It was his fault. He knew that. He knew it. He tried to believe it, but something in Cas’ words broke down that thought pattern before he could file it away in the back of his brain and hate himself for it like he did with every other damn thing he’d ever fucked up on.
Charlie immediately felt guilty. “All good. It’s Dean. It’s – it’s all good,” she said quickly, before she had Stevie thinking that another round of apocalypse was about to hit.
Castiel’s eyes widened slightly. In the small time he’d spent living with Gabriel and the humans he kept in his company, he’d learned
The lady looked him up and down. The scorn on her face would have given Cas a run for his money, but she led him deeper into the shop. He’d have to pick out something for Cas since the asshole refused to come in but… Free food, a few punches, doing good deeds with good company. It was shaping up to be a pretty good day.
Cas glared but took a bottle anyway. His gaze dipped to Dean’s bare chest before quickly cutting away.
Dean was tired and hungry and he was all out of fucks to give. He knocked the dude to the ground with one swift kick in the ass with a steel toe boot and snatched up his bag.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel smiled softly. He hadn’t meant to, but Dean’s hair was sticking up in every direction, his wide eyes with a thousand shades of life blinking in surprise.
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam said, his voice taking on an irritatingly smug quality the child seemed to reserve only for his older brother. “How did it happen?”
Sam rolled his eyes, hoisting his bag of candy under his arm. “So? Take him to the movies like a normal person. Let’s go.”
It was a selfish thing, the angel supposed, to want to experience this human in every way he desired. Would he have allowed himself that indulgence if Dean had kissed him?
Cas nodded along, his eyes flooding with quiet understanding. He had that look again, like his wary eyes had seen it all before. Dean worried he’d overstepped – this wasn’t him. He wasn’t the person to overshare or do any of this.
Ice yelped. He scrambled to his feet and took off running back down the hill and through the graveyard to the right, yelling to someone named Jay to hurry up. A dude, that from the back looked like a Hansen reject, chased after him with an armful of his own spoils. Some other poor bastard didn’t get so lucky, Dean thought bitterly.
With room service on the way, Dean left Cas sitting straight-backed, hands on his lap, looking awkward as hell on the edge of the king bed. Dean kicked the bathroom door closed behind him and tore off his Zepp shirt, hanging it on the towel rail by the door. It was heated! The damn towel rail was heated. He grinned to himself. Sammy was missing out.
Dean and Cast had never felt less alone as they made up for lost time. Not even fate was watching as they mumbled long buried truths into touch-starved skin, trading desperate kisses for soft gasps. Freedom was the taste of an angel on the tired man’s lips. Faith was the Michael Sword giving himself entirely to the angel who’d never expected anything in return.
When they arrived at the house, Castiel felt an unnatural chill prick at the back of his vessel’s neck. Jimmy’s instincts were to fear this place, the angel understood. But he was safe. Castiel would not let harm befall any of them.
The two remaining bullets in his gun were well spent – two straight shots between the eyes of the demons in front. Big burly bastards.
The words rang through his head. Those and all the others that angels and demons and monstrous sons of bitches had used in mock warning to Dean. For
“Well, he’s an angel,” Dean said, trying to remain calm and dispassionate, as if this topic didn’t hit home at all. “Angels don’t feel emotions.”
They were no longer scared. They grew bold, adding teeth and tongue and teasing and fingers in hair and hands on skin. Their lips started travelling and exploring, and Cas felt as a star must feel before it explodes: full of too much and hungry for more, ready to cumbust and comfortably warmed, having found its purpose and reached its apotheosis but knowing that the best was yet to come.
Was Dean implying that he was with someone who wasn’t his soulmate either? (Was he even single? Cas had no idea.) Or... was he implying that he was interested in men?
Dean laughed. He probably had a beautiful laugh, something musical that would make angels cry and quiver in envy, but as it was, Dean’s mouth was full and his laugh less than alluring. The sight, too, was barely something to remember. It was sort of adorable, in its odd way.
Well, Rowena might reprimand him for not paying attention to a wedding she had poured every bit of her soul into (Pagan weddings were her thing, and that was the reason Castiel enjoyed them so much: nothing like pure joy on the face of someone who has been beaten up by life). Or she might encourage him to think about Dean even more. There was no way to know what she would say.
What kind of ‘no’ would it be? Would it be a puzzled ‘no’? An amused ‘no’? A ‘no, that’s ridiculous’? A ‘no, why?’? A ‘no, never, not in a million years’? A scoff? A thorough interrogation?
The first contact of his lips with Cas’s skin was electric. It was nothing compared to what Cas was going through, though: he gasped aloud when Dean kissed his stomach.
As Castiel was thinking that, someone tapped on his shoulder lightly, and Dean’s voice rang in his ear. “Heya, Cas!”
they had all waited all night for him to come home – out of curiosity, but also in case things turned out badly.
Dean caressed the shoulders, and then reached the neck, his breath hitching when he felt the soft skin and the pulse there. Cas’s heart was beating like mad, he could feel it. Dean’s heart leapt in his chest in answer.
“I-- I can’t do that!” Dean forced out a laugh as if it was all a big joke. “That’s not something you
Dean’s traitorous heart leapt in his chest, and he hated it for doing that. He hated how wild Cas made his heart. The wilder it was, the harder it was for Dean to hide… the Thing. That Thing that he felt when he shouldn’t. Because, well, that was absurd. It was doomed. Wasn’t it?
Now was not the moment to speak of Gabriel’s love life, though. If Gabriel didn’t talk about it openly, then Castiel had no right to press the matter.
for Dean’s mouth, were a turn-on. If Dean wasn’t spent he knew he’d be rock hard and ready to go again.
His kiss is soft, hesitant, barely a touch of lips at all. A ghost of a kiss. Dean kisses him like a moth that is attracted to the flame, but is afraid that it will burn its wings. The fire that sparks from that kiss, though, is but the warmth of home and the firework of passion. It burns, but it does not destroy. It doesn’t kill; it revives.
He wishes Cas would hug him, and kiss him – but it’s not for now. It’s for when they’re in the real world again.
Castiel used to live in terror of his mark. He had hated it, sometimes, because he didn’t know what part of him was really
He crawled down until he was face to face with Cas’s erection. He licked his lips nervously. That was something he had thought of often, first watching some hot guys and then when he thought about Cas late at night, and the fantasies had become more and more invasive until chasing them away became a futile effort and he had just accepted that it was something he dreamt of doing to Cas. But doing it for real… What if Cas didn’t like it? What if he wasn’t good at it?
“It’s going fine. Claire and Rowena have stopped fighting about Claire’s hairstyle, Balthazar has only tried to seduce three of the guests, and Meg has only creeped out two people – that’s, uh, progress, I guess. Bobby has fallen asleep because Kevin has bored him with political talk, and Crowley is already half drunk. So far, so good. Usual wedding chaos.”
It dawns on him, then: he is home. He is home, because Dean came for him. Because Dean refused to let him go. Stubborn and loving man that he is.
“I think he’s already seduced, darling,” Meg said, patting his knee. “Don’t doubt yourself. He’s crazy about you, who wouldn’t be?”
Cas’s face – Cas’s happy smile. He’s never seen Cas smile like that. Cas doesn’t smile often, in fact.
“I know potential when I see it!” Rowena replied in an offended tone that didn’t bode well for Meg at all. Meg just drank a sip of coffee while holding Rowena’s gaze, eyebrow raised.
Dean was shit with words. He’d always been better with actions. Show, don’t tell. Maybe he couldn’t tell Cas that he meant the world to Dean, and that he filled every hole in Dean’s heart and in Dean’s life, and that without him Dean was nothing more than an empty shell, and that Dean wanted him to stay in his arms forever and never leave.
He looked unchanged. He still wore his white jacket and he still saluted Dean with his trademark awkward handwave (God was a fucking three-year-old. Damn). He still looked like Cas, too, so much that Dean sometimes wondered if Jack wasn’t actually Cas’s secret lovechild or something. The only thing different was the subtle glow about him -- something pure and holy and divine, that Chuck had never possessed once in his pathetic existence.
Dean would have loved to say that his reaction was mature, level-headed, and completely indifferent. As it was, though, the beer he was drinking went the wrong way and he choked.
“He kissed Meg and he slept with April and wanted to date Nora,” Charlie countered, cocking an eyebrow at him.
happy that this smile was directed at him, or that he was receiving Dean’s approval, because that meant nothing. His wishful thinking was ridiculous.
He had never thought he’d ever have a relationship with a man – aside from fleeting crushes and one night stands. He had never thought he would ever settle down with his soulmate, either – heck, he had never thought he would even
Dean started to drop kisses everywhere on Cas’s torso. His soft stomach. His abs. His navel -- this one made Cas laugh and gasp at the same time. His sternum. His clavicle. His heart.
“There’s a difference between finding someone attractive and wanting a relationship with them,” Castiel said. “I don’t know this man at all. And he was
“Cas,” he whispered in awe, caressing the soft cheek that was feeling warm again. “Cas. You son of a bitch.”
“Well, for one, it wasn’t that obvious, and two, after you asked me if I was hitting on you and I said yes you ran away and ghosted me. And now you tell me that actually you
Dean’s cheeks flushed and he turned his back to continue tearing up the empty pizza boxes to fit them in the trash. “Alright, Sherlock, that’s a stretch.”
He realised he was staring as he tracked the movement of a tear that escaped the corner of Charlie’s eye. His heart kicked up a notch; a fresh surge of guilt on top of the tsunami that was already crushing him from the inside, drowning out what was left of him. Dean wiped the tear from Charlie’s cheek, his head hung low to catch her gaze as she ducked away.
“No! You bloody fools, don’t you fucking dare!” A black cat jumped from above, knocking the lighter from Sam’s hand. Dean yelped, kicking out and flailing his arms, but the cat had already gone.
Dean bit his tongue. He hadn’t even breathed when Cas was changing. Didn’t know what the hell was wrong with him when his pants suddenly felt too tight. He’d planned to wear the suit out of the tailors but getting changed, doing something other than standing outside that curtain and
“What the hell’s going on with you, man?” Dean yelled. He didn’t mean to. He needed to calm down, but his dad’s voice was roaring in his mind now.
Charlie twisted to lie on her back, staring up at Stevie from her lap. “Uh, for me to stay out of it and give those idiots emotional support in the form of making them watch my favourite movies with me?” She grinned innocently, raising her brows.
Dean crept across the room on silent feet. He tilted his head, trying to puzzle out if that was a real live fish he spied in the small glass tank on the desk. Sam stretched in his chair, the movement snapping Dean back to attention. He came to a stop behind his brother, brows raised at the desk lamp with a bikini-clad lady at the base.
“I heard ya the first fifty times, kid. I know. I get it,” Bobby cut in gently. His tone was light, if a bit gruffer than usual. Dean could tell when Bobby was holding back, and it never felt good. “You’re a smart kid, Dean. A smart
“Don’t ever leave me like that again,” he said, his chin resting on Cas’ shoulders. His mind quiet, his heart anything but.
Without so much as touching Dean, Rowena threw him across the room, his back hitting the glass cabinet in the corner. The sound of shattering glass was distant to him as Dean charged forward again. He vaulted over the side of the table, snatching the iron pillar that held the black flame candle. He swung it around, using the four-prong base to pin the witch to the table.
He watched the people interact. Speaking of money and art, sex and scandal and romance. Still no sign of any demons. Cas welcomed the break, the chance to feel like part of a crowd, even if he did not interact. Listening, planning. Not thinking of Dean, of
Cas hesitated, frowning. Dean’s hand gripped him almost painfully then, his rings digging into Cas' skin.
“What’d we miss?” Charlie asked, a little out of breath. She squinted at the camera footage, spying Dean and Cas at opposite ends of the room together.
Content Warning: NSFW content. Sexuality crisis. Coming out anxiety (ends in a positive experience).
Dean huffed a laugh. “Alright, alright. What I’m trying to say is – is that ever since you pulled me out of hell – Cas, baby, you said I changed you. That you cared because I cared. Man, without you I would have stopped caring a
Dean coughed a little, gargling the dregs of his water. He licked his lips, staring around the room and remembering how big the space was. With each deep breath, the world seemed to expand beyond his cage of flesh and bones. He breathed in. Counted the shelves he could see. Breathed out. Counted the stack of books he’d left untidied. Breathed in. Counted the lights. Breathed out, repeating the action until he could no longer hear the rush of his own blood in his ears, his heartbeat a sure but faraway thing.
Castiel watched closely, patiently waiting for the brothers to see their fill of the old house and be done with it. Outside, the clouds overhead parted to let the moonlight shine through a small window, illuminating two of the most dangerous items the old building had to offer. Of course, against Castiel’s silent prayers, the brothers turned their attention to them immediately.
Cas moved. In half a thought, the female demon went down, eyes burned from her skull. The second too slow to react. Cas grabbed him by the collar of his coat, dragged him behind the building and shoved him bodily against the wall.
“I’m thinking on the scale of Doctor Evil to Sauron, you're the prettiest evil genius there ever was.”
Cas broke the kiss. He glanced shyly down between them and back at Dean. There was desperation in his eyes, his voice, as he asked, "Can I?"
Cas’ eyes were on him again. The colour popping with his new clothes. The shade Dean had quietly referred to in his head as “angel blue” over the years. Stupid. Cas looked damn good, though. Better than Dean had pictured. Not that he'd strained himself thinking about it.
Meg’s head rolled to the floor, and Dean’s knees shook as the realisation of what he’d just done crashed down on top of him. He gasped for breath, gagging at the smell of blood.
They were the bouncers, he realised. He’d tested them on the way in; quick handshakes that never led to burning skin from his rings. Obviously their night had gone downhill since.
No, that was stupid. This bisexual thing was tough. Trying to figure this out on your own was… well, he couldn’t exactly complain. He’d never wanted to talk about it, even if he could. Sure, he was into women, and he would sleep with them without any shame or any of that shit. He loved women.
He paused outside the door, hearing only two sets of footsteps. Both too light to be Dean’s. He tried the handle, and found it locked.
“I don’t care,” Castiel said coldly, too aware of the little time they had left to talk. “Tell me how you became like this. Why can I understand you and the humans can’t?”
Cas listened, unseen, as the managers of the museum gave brief statements. When the pendant had been missing from the auction, the bidding had been postponed. It wasn’t until after the event that those in charge searched the building – only to discover five bodies on the top floor. Two females, three males.
“Gross, no,” Dean stood, pulling a mock disgusted face. “No nerd crap. We should go trick or treating. See if the old puppy eyes routine still works.”
Sam flattened his hair, eyes wide as he made his way over to his bed and plopped himself down on that god-awful tie-dye blanket. “There’s this lady, Ellen, that keeps calling here,” he said, smug and excited, “twenty bucks says he’s with her.”
“My pleasure,” Meg replied, her voice low and hushed. It was a devil’s smile that played at her scarlet lips. One blink and the whites of her eyes flooded black as ink.
“Maybe it's better I got through to you instead of Dean, 'cause, uh - alright, this is gonna sound crazy. Do you remember the mark on Dean’s shoulder when you brought him back,” Sam paused, the sound of his pacing breaking the silence, “From hell,” he clarified needlessly.
Dean toyed with his rings. “Dad left us here once for a couple weeks. Said he had a job to do. The guy paid for our room for that first week – left no cash for food. Nothin’,” Dean sighed, laying fully on his back and shielded his eyes from the sunlight with his forearm. “Sammy and I would have been out on our asses. I stole food for us those first couple days – didn’t feel a lick of guilt for it. Still don’t. But at the end of that week… we didn’t have so much as a phone to call Bobby. No sign of dad,” he paused, and Cas watched the rise and fall of his chest. “I had to get the money any way I could get it.”
Disappointed as he was without finishing the fight, Dean felt pretty damn proud of his little brother right then.
“I’m Castiel,” the guy explained to Sam, like it should have been obvious. His attention immediately returned to Dean. His words were a mixture of accusatory and amusement as he said, “I thought you didn’t like Halloween.”
“You’re okay,” Castiel confirmed, stepping forward for a closer look. Flecks of a black substance stained Dean’s boots and jeans, and more of the same seemed caked beneath his fingernails. “What happened?” Cas asked. His voice sounded stern even to his own ears, but it was concern that drove him, not annoyance.
Seeming to sense his gaze, Dean turned, eyes flicking between Cas and Jordan. His face switching from neutral to surprise to something false and hidden beneath a mask of arrogance. Dean smirked at Cas, and that’s when Cas noticed a woman’s hand entwined with Dean’s. She pulled him gleefully to toward a set of spiral stairs, hidden beyond the fire exit to the left of the museum’s entrance.
Dean couldn’t remember if there was ever a time that he was pissed off at the sight of food. Right now, all he wanted to do was kick the cart over and smash every plate against the wall.
escaped the giant plastic headphones that covered almost all of his brother’s hair. Sam was whispering to himself, fidgeting with a pen over a pile of balled up pieces of paper.
Dean checked his hair in Baby’s side mirror, quickly sidetracked by the dust that had gathered at the corners. A couple of damn weeks without driving and already his car was gathering dust.
So far so good. Karla was human – useless in a fight like this, and maybe easier swayed to his side. And with Cas already down-
careful with it," Cas said, deadly serious as he looked Sam right in the eye. "This tape is sacred." He didn't wait for Sam's response, hurrying out of the room without another word.
Dean crossed his arms, tilting his head back to look down at Sam even more than he already was. Was this asshole really gonna make him spell it out? He’d told him already. He wasn’t about to say
He didn’t know why, where the hell it came from. The anger took over before he could tramp it down, bury it. He tore himself from Cas’ grip, forcefully shoved the angel out of the way.
Charlie tracked the exact moment the light faded from Dean’s eyes, and it had nothing to do with the runtime of the movie. What the hell had happened between him and Cas? She knew better than to ask – and Cas wasn’t exactly dishing any dirt either.
Dean ruffled Sam’s hair, determined to embarrass the kid as much as possible. It was his job to do exactly that. Sam scowled, quickly flattening out his hair.
Cas shifted to his side to better look at Dean. His gaze was intense, unflinching. “When we first met, when I pulled you from Hell, you thought you didn’t deserve to be saved. You see yourself as a weapon, a monster. In all the time I’ve known you, you have sacrificed yourself for me, for your brother, for so many innocent people. Because you are selfless, Dean. You care, so much. You say you don’t deserve me, but I look back on all that I have done. The people I failed, the brothers and sisters I killed. I betrayed you. I betrayed Heaven. I betrayed everyone I ever believed in,” Cas paused, his eyes falling on the handprint on Dean’s shoulder. “We are the same, you and I, Dean. We have both done the wrong things for the right reasons. I learned to forgive myself, because of you. Because of your resilience, your heart."
Over the years, Cas had often wished there was a way to prove to Dean that humans are cast beyond their DNA. That, beautiful as he may be, it is only flesh. It is the soul that counts. Each soul came into this world a brand new thing, and Dean’s may be wounded by loss and scarred by the deeds of his father, but it was not made up of the same thing.
The moment the brothers were out of earshot, Castiel glared down at the cat, his eyes glowing with the threat of his power. “Who are you?” he demanded.
They hardly made it a few steps down the hall before Dean came to a halt, placing a hand on Cas’ cheek. He looked into his angel’s eyes; wide and blue and beautiful.
Sam hadn’t seen those witches. Dean had left out some of the gorier details, but Sam had to know how crazy it was to even think about giving the damn book away. Who knew where it would end up? No, they’d wait for Bobby. See what he thought about the thing. And if it wasn’t any use to their uncle, they’d salt and burn it. End of story.
He found Dean in the Bunker kitchen nursing a belly full of pie and laughing with his brother. Standing in the doorway, Cas felt a surprising shyness settle over him. Research, as it turned out, did nothing to prepare him. Everything was going to change. Things would surely be different now between the three of them, and Cas couldn’t help but frown in silent worry as he wondered where he’d fit from now on.
Charlie turned then, leaning back and grabbing hold of the whiskey bottle. She twisted the lid and took a quick swig. She coughed – her cheeks pinkening, her eyes wide with regret for a split second before she cleared her throat and acted cool.
“Steal it for who? Who do you work for?” Cas punched the demon square in the face, black blood spraying from his nose, bubbling from the corner of his mouth. The demon didn’t answer. Still didn’t answer when he was hit again and again. Cas’ eyes glowed, his grace rising to the surface of his vessel. The demon looked away, pleading.
time ago. I am so full of crap... I've done and seen some shit I’ll never forget. But you saved me, Cas.”
“Where is this place?” Dean asked. Mild curiosity lit his tone. His voice was steady, not so deep as it usually was.
Cas looked up in surprise as Dean carefully set the coffee in front of him. Cas tilted his head, his mouth hanging slightly open as if he didn’t know what to say.
Dean kicked Sam under the table, grinning like an idiot. “Yeah, well, I didn’t raise you to be no homophobic bitch.”
Jordan seemed to notice the interaction, his face slightly crestfallen. He offered Cas his hand and Cas shook it, brows knit with apology and confusion.
That’s what it all came down to, right? Love. And damn it, Dean loved so much it hurt. Loved so much he hated it. He fought every day of his life so innocent people could live in freedom. In the
If you liked this, please consider leaving kudos or letting me know what you think in the comments, or over on tumblr @pointyearedelvishprincling :)
Cas tilted his head in a frown, certain he had no idea what Dean was talking about but had no desire to get involved.
Dean’s attention cut quickly to the open door, and he almost groaned in disappointment. “I gotta get that,” he said with a nod toward the doorway. He moved to get up, but Cas pinned him with a hand to his shoulder, smiling down at him. Cas’ eyes never strayed from Dean as he waved his other hand, shutting the door with his angel mojo. Dean watched as the lock turned, a small disbelieving laugh choking out. “That was kinda hot.”
He was under no illusion that Dean would not have doubts about what they’d done. That he’d told Sam at all had been a gift in itself. The pride he’d felt for Dean in that moment still lingered. Dean was a man with an unfathomable collection of invisible scars; had a burden of such tremendous weight that Cas knew he may be the only one who truly appreciates the strain. It was no small thing for the eldest Winchester to share his vulnerabilities.
Cas couldn’t blame them. He’d never seen his friend so upbeat – which was saying a lot, given Charlie’s joyous nature. She was lucky, he thought. To love someone so freely.
"I tell you I love you yet?" Dean chuckled, though there was no humour in it. He was nervous, but god, he wanted this. He wanted Cas.
Cas’ lips parted, his eyes shining with a happiness he’d never dared imagine. Overjoyed that Dean trusted him with each touch. That Dean wanted this –
that wasn’t what happened. And if anything, it was Sam’s fault. Him and his much hotter badass girlfriend who Charlie had already planned to add to her team at the next Ren Faire battle.
Cas rolled his eyes, reaching for Dean once again. Dean held up both hands to stop him and Cas paused, allowing Dean that distance between them.
When Stevie asked about her night, Charlie was venting before she knew it. She hadn’t meant to. Her girlfriend smelled good and she was warm, and she’d missed Stevie so bad she’d slept with her phone on the highest volume with the most obnoxious text tone on the slight chance she’d land home early. Worth it.
Dean kicked in the rotted half door of the entrance. The latch of the bronze doorknob slid right through the sodden wood, and inside there was only darkness, heavy with the weight of a fell promise.
He watched as Sam slid another beer toward Dean; how Dean’s soul flared bright each time Sam made him laugh. It was easy to lose himself to time in Dean’s light.
Dean nodded, smiling faintly through the nerves at the seriousness in Cas’ tone. He couldn't help but doubt sometimes, even now. He'd never been this happy, couldn't believe that it was real. “Cas, I… you have me. You’ve always had me. Sometimes it… it scares me, man, that I love you this much. You lost everything for me, rebelled and fell…”
Cas clarified, his stare almost punishing. “I won’t alter your memory, Dean. And I won’t change my mind.”
Sam was quiet for so long that Dean couldn’t help but look at his brother. Behind his ridiculous mop of hair, Sam was blinking fast. Whatever gears were turning in his head, Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to hear it.
“Woah, what’s with the attitude?” Dean frowned as Sam quickly swung a leg over the bike. “The hell’s Bobby been feedin’ you, anyway? Miracle-gro?”
Cas knew the small reach for comfort was never something Dean would choose in his waking hours. Even the small tap from his hand in the dream seemed generous. Perhaps it was greed that had Castiel wishing for more as he watched his best friend. But Dean surprised him again by lifting Cas’ hand from his shoulder and pulling him closer by the wrist. Cas shifted until he was laying on his back next to Dean, tucked beneath a canopy of daffodils and forget-me-nots, bees buzzing unperturbed around them. He felt the drum of Dean’s heart through the earth.
Cas felt so much in that moment as he studied his appearance in the mirror of a closet. Was this what it was to be sated? To feel so full, on a belly that never grew hungry?
Dean was safe, Cas thought. There were few things in this world more deadly than the man softly snoring next to Cas, kept warm beneath his wing. Dean was safe and that was enough. If that was all that could be between them, it would be enough.
Dean was a man of his word, but trusted few with their own - especially words regarding his own worthiness. Cas looked at his beautiful human charge, and thought about every way he could show Dean exactly how much he'd meant what he'd said.
He took the suit the lady offered him and laid it on real thick with the charm in return. As he turned to the changing room, he could have sworn he caught her smiling at one of his crappy jokes.
Charlie looked like she was trying real hard not to laugh at Dean right then. “It’s not like they’re married. Lighten up, old man.”
“Right,” Sam said, drawing out the word. “You know that turned up collar isn’t fooling anyone, right?”
– I fuck up. ‘Cause we both know I’m gonna. I want you, Cas. I’ve always wanted you. I know there's some bastards out there that are gonna use this against us, but we'll face 'em, alright? Don't matter to me what it is. I’ll always go with you," Dean pulled Cas into a hug, his face buried in Cas' shoulder. "I love you, Cas.”
That was something else he had to live with. That he’d stooped to Chuck’s level. That he’d chosen Cas, but only when it was too late. That he’d chosen Cas’ life over Sam’s. It didn’t matter that Dean would die for either of them in a heartbeat. Dean didn’t matter. God himself knew that.
Dean gets a glimpse into Sam's new life at Bobby's and realises just how much he's been missing. Never one to miss a chance to dress up in a little outfit, Dean convinces Sam to go trick or treating for old time's sake. They run into a couple of unexpected faces.
Dean was already thinking of a hundred different ways he could tell Cas without actually telling him. The guy was smart - Cas would figure it out. At some point. Probably.
One of the guys started sniggering behind them and Dean felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise. He tried to ignore it for Sam’s sake, but of course someone had to go and cross the damn line.
Whatever Dean wanted to say was lost when he felt Cas’s hard cock against his. “Cas,” he moaned helplessly. He wanted to move, he didn’t dare to.
“Cas is not shy,” Dean cut in abruptly, because Charlie’s words hit too close to him and he couldn’t let her see that.
welcome, Dean decided that maybe he could try and kiss one of Cas’s nipples. They were erect and pebbly already, Dean noticed with a smile.
“Let’s dance!” Dean said then. His smile had grown bigger still, and hope made Castiel’s heart flutter like butterfly wings.
Castiel shouldn’t feel flattered or moved, either, he chastises himself. That Dean would be ready to summon the Empty, to make a deal, or to resurrect him, is not something that should fill Castiel’s heart with joy and emotion – he should not think of how loving and selfless Dean always is. No, Castiel should be terrified.
The best man nodded. He looked a little taken aback by Castiel’s curtness, but he was still smiling. He had
Their second kiss is soft, too, but it is more a kiss than the previous one. They press their lips together, and slot their bodies together as well. Cas’s arms find their way around Dean’s shoulders, and Dean keeps Cas’s face between his hands, caressing his cheeks.
“Dean, we’re soulmates.” Better to rip the band-aid off as soon as he could, or he would never be bold enough to do it. “This mark – I have the same. On my heart. It’s mine. You’re my soulmate. I’m yours. We’re – we’re soulmates,” he concluded, rather lamely.
“Kaia and Claire will teach you,” Jack promised. “They’ll love it. I’ll help you too! I don’t know a thing about seducing, though.” He looked perplexed, and Castiel was strongly reminded of who he was twelve years ago, when he was the same age.
Cas’s eyes went soft. “I do.” He gave Dean another kiss, soft and light this time. “What I mean is that… angels can feel desire. I just don’t, unless it’s you. Because… because it’s
So he retaliated by pushing his tongue against Cas’s mouth, demanding entrance. Cas was only too eager to let him in.
Castiel nodded. “We come from a multicultural family, you know. Jack, Claire and I grew up in Christian families, but Rowena is a Wiccan, Gabriel worships the Norse deities, so he’s Pagan, Balthazar is Jewish, and Kaia – Kaia’s father was a Catholic and her mother was a Navajo. And Meg says she’s a Satanist, but I
He keeps touching, trailing his hand downwards. He feels a hand; he catches it, squeezes it. The hand is warm, and squeezes back.
Castiel has no idea how much time passes in silence (an eternity or two, he would say), but suddenly, he hears Dean’s voice again.
Today was the day Castiel’s heart would be broken or… Dare he hope for the other outcome? It was all or nothing, there was no other outcome.
Dean landed on his back once again, but this time the soft mattress cushioned his fall. The best thing, though, was Cas landing on him. Feeling their bodies so close, so connected -- that was pure bliss. Even if Cas accidentally elbowed him in the stomach and his knee hit Cas’s leg rather violently.
“It’s going well,” Dean answered noncommittally. It wasn’t as if he could say, ‘she sent me to ask you if by any chance you wouldn’t be secretly in love with me, haha.’
Maybe Cas needed Dean to help him out a little. And, well, everything for Cas, right? Even if it didn’t make Dean happy.
Dean lay a few minutes on Cas’s chest, listening to Cas’s heart beat like mad while Cas was breathing heavily, his body limp. When he stood up, Cas growled, “Stay here.”
Claire said he had fallen quickly, and that was true: it had come to him like a thunderstorm. Rowena, on the other hand, said that he was taking his sweet time, and that was true as well: it had taken months of talking through texts, months of getting to know Dean, but his little crush had blossomed into something more.
Dean opened his eyes again to admire the angel asleep in his arms, this unique being who loved him, this wonderful angel who was his, and he thought that perhaps Cas was wrong. There was happiness in being, and in simply loving, and in saying it, but the greatest happiness of all was still having. Having Cas in his arms, and having his love.
Fright fills Castiel’s veins and grace when he understands what this means. Is Dean actually trying to wake him up? To bring him back from the Empty?
-- and his glorious cock, hard and long and thin and red, and all for him. His for the touching, his for the tasting, his for the taking-- Dean’s head spinned with all the ideas of what they could do.
Wrapped in the hugs of his entire family, it was easy to forget about all his problems for a few moments and to relish in the warmth and the safety and the love they gave him.
His hand touches his left shoulder, absent-mindedly. The last time Cas touched him, and it wasn’t for any of the things Dean sometimes imagined, when he was too tired of pretending.
They don’t know how long they stay embraced, delighting in the simple joy of this hug. They let go in the end: Dean wants to see Cas’s face. They have to talk, after all.
How to explain to a perfect stranger that he had run away from home because of his mother? All that was too much to dump on Dean, and too dark for a first conversation, he decided; you don’t pour your heart out to strangers, especially not if they are charming and there is a slight chance they don’t find you completely crazy yet. “We fell out, and I decided the career wasn’t for me.”
He had made progress, though. He had learnt the complex science of texting and emojis. He had had conversations with Dean, about their families and their lives and silly little things. Castiel had told Dean about his childhood with his mother Naomi and his absent father, and Dean had told him about his own parents and about the people he held dear; Castiel had sent anecdotes about the weddings he attended and Dean had replied with stories of the strangest clients he’d ever met.
. It was the perfect answer to his question and to his prayers. He would have chosen Dean regardless – but to know that destiny had Dean planned for him, after everything that had happened? There was pure happiness in that.
They should have a spell for it somewhere in the Bunker, shouldn’t they? They have fucking spells for everything here. A spell to resurrect an angel – shouldn’t be too hard. Wasn’t that what Nick had tried with Lucifer, anyway? There should be notes left somewhere.
The good thing with Rowena hiring him for every wedding she was ever hired to plan was that he earned a decent amount of money. The flip side was that Rowena always tried to set him up with whoever she deemed pretty enough for him.
All this time wasted, and here Cas is, making it beautiful, and real, and true, and the best thing ever to happen to Dean, making it everything Dean ever wanted, only to be taken from him.
“How is the ‘TV marathon’ with Charlie going?” Castiel asked. Dean smiled at the implied quotation marks.
Thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, subscribed or added this story to their favorites! I love you all. I hope you like this new chapter!
“So – we try?” Dean whispered in his ear, sending shivers down his spine and warmth coursing through his belly.
It’s a certain thing, now. Cas loves him, and happiness is just here, within his – their – reach. They can have that, they can live it; Dean’s dreams can come true; if only he could say the words...
All this time spent being shamed that people knew what he felt, and if he’d gotten his head out of his ass, he’d have understood they weren’t just speaking about
Then... then things become blurry, and they stop counting. The kisses become playful, more assertive, more daring, more
And he said it in his mind and in his heart too, praying it to Cas, in the hopes that Cas would hear.
Everything that touches Dean rots and dies. Everything beautiful that touches him withers and dies away. So Cas, the one who touched him deeper than anyone else – the one who gripped him tight and never let him go – of course Cas would die. As he always does. Cas was doomed ever since he fell in –
It was Cas’ heart that was beating now at dangerous painful speeds. “That’s not true,” he murmured. “You may not remember, Dean, but you have me. You always do.”
"I won't hurt you, Dean," Cas said, so sincerely that the words would have felt like a mockery from anyone else.
Cas grinned then and Dean kissed him quick, his hands buried in Cas' hair. It was all teeth and bumping noses at first, but when his tongue brushed against Cas’, he swore there was nothing like this. Dean felt exactly how badly Cas wanted him when the angel pressed him harder into the wall, his hips grinding against Dean's. All these years thinking angels couldn't get it up... that they weren't into this kinda...
“I don’t,” Dean answered after what felt like the longest pause in history. He stuffed his hands in his pockets because he had no idea what to do with them. His game was
Instead of restitching to the otherwise repaired chair, the wooden leg plunged into the stomach of the dark-haired witch.
“Come on, Cas,” Eileen said. “It’ll be fun. Think about what would make this place seem more romantic.”
Dean was nodding, but he wasn’t talking. Cas was looking down at the letter, his head tilted to the side. Cas’ back was pointed toward the security camera, Dean’s face half shaded beneath a lens flare, but it was more than enough to see how tense things were between them.
