He grasped one of John’s hands in his own and guided the other to rest on his back, under his shoulder blade. John tilted his head. “You’re having me lead?”
“John,” he said sternly, redirecting his attention from his laptop. “You have been behaving strangely since... four days ago. I demand to know what is happening.” He punctuated it with a haughty nod, but John could see fear creeping through the cracks.
“I guess I just didn’t know how you did that. Or why. I’m not saying you hafta tell me. That’s jus why I looked it up, alright? And turns like the whole internet knows about this stuff but me, n I’m an idiot.”
“No.” He kissed Sherlock again. “You know I think you’re brilliant. You saved me. You were a miracle. I was alone and lost and I felt dead. But you breathed life back into me. I owe you for that.”
“Ok... hmm. How to keep the attention of Sherlock Holmes.” John rubbed his jaw as he thought about it. “A good puzzle, usually.”
It was unlike any blow job he’d ever received. It was exciting, being explored this way. And, oh Christ, a hot mouth sliding nearly all the way to the base of his cock was marvelous. Sherlock didn’t quite choke, but it was a near thing. Always testing limits, that one. So he gripped the base with his hand instead as he worked his mouth over the rest. And, as expected, Sherlock learnt quickly what got the best responses and he settled into a rhythm.
“Fine. Wait, we should get a towel. Don’t want either of us having to deal with a wet spot.” John hastily retrieved a towel from the bathroom and laid it out on the bed. Sherlock wordlessly handed him a small bottle of lube, then crawled over next to the towel. He hesitated a moment before slipping off his pants as well. Seeing that his friend was completely nude now, John impulsively took off his vest. It did seem more balanced that way.
“Yeah. Yeah, thanks, m-mate.” Lestrade frowned at the instinctive use of the word mate, but heeded his advice and made his way over to the lady in question.
“Hey, stop right there. I’m tired of giving a crap what people think. No more. I’m done worrying. I like how we are. There’s nothing wrong with it.”
The 3rd day Anthea was left in charge. She had never seen the elder Holmes in such a state. While he claimed illness as the cause for his lethargy, she knew that was not the case. It was guilt, overwhelming guilt and sorrow for losing the first and only real love he had ever had.
He didn’t know how to stop Sherlock either, interventions didn’t work, kidnapping the youth off the street and throwing him into rehab didn’t work. Those clean living respite had been little more than a speed bump in the younger Holmes’s road to destruction.
Moriarty clapped his hands spinning around. "Clever! Indeed it did but satisfaction!...brought her back. Much like a dear friend of ours."
Sherlock would watch the couples in the park, when he wasn't lying on a filthy mattress in a drug den or badgering the police, he could tell that for every 10 couples there would be one, one beautifully flawless pair that he could not pick apart. No lying, no cheating, just two people who thought the world of the other.
Mycroft lifted his other hand to the phone, sitting up in bed back straight as a board. “Sherlock, what’s going on?”
Step by step, it felt like his legs weighed ten tons. Still he had to, John forgave him. He wanted him. But could he have John they way he wanted? No.... Mary.
It was never to be, she knew that. She had seen enough proof of who Sherlock Holmes really was. What he really was... deep down he was the same kind of animal as her. She could see it in the way his hands trembled when John Watson raised his voice. No, he wasn't the one who could provide the relief for that itch she needed scratched.
The taxi ride back was uncomfortably quiet, so was the living room until Watson couldn't stand it anymore.
Mercurial eyes snapped open hearing the echo of his former friends voice ringing through the empty night. But it wasn't real, it was just a memory stored in one of the many rooms in Sherlocks' mind. One that slowly broke him, he could still see that pained look on Johns' face.
“John... Now just... It’s the hormones I think that perhaps you should go before you do something you will regret.
Among these things were also the worst of Sherlock Holmes. John had seen the man at his most brilliant and out of his depth when it came to the feelings of not only others but Sherlock himself. John Watson had watched Sherlock fight inner demons more times than John ever wanted to. The army doctor had even watched the detective 'die', that had been the most damaging thing of all.
Dr. Watson crossed the room and with out delay, and gathered up the taller man against him. No matter how hard Sherlock tried to push him away he didn't let go. Finally the man gave up, long trampling fingers clutching onto Johns jumper for dear life.
When the cab slows down, I throw a hand full of bills, keys in hand. Every steep feels like moving through wet sand because I can tell when I hit the landing that something isn’t right.
Gregory, Sherlock… the DI is merely a means to an end of insuring you don’t make more of a mess than you usually do.”
Now Greg felt like a heel, he really did not think this would have affected Mycroft at all. Maybe the man cared a lot more than he let on. If that was the case Gregory had been terribly wrong.
Johns face lit up with a grin. "About bloody time." With that, he reached up and grabbed the taller mans curls pulling him down into a kiss.
Choosing not to heed Johns insistent rant about personal privacy, Sherlock pulled out the little cell and flipped open the slide lock. “Not even a pin? Honestly...” Then he saw it...oh he couldn't unsee it if he wanted to, it was burned into his retina there for the rest of his natural life. This was was 10 patch problem and he didn't care if that would kill him or not.
To bad, his blogger was observant, he really should not have explained the science of deduction to John because now the man could read the guilt all over his emotionless face.
In those first few moments of wakefulness Sherlock focused on John, his shaking hand reaching out to grip the older mans navy blue jumper. "John...tell me .."
The next few weeks were hell, withdrawal symptoms where frighten and tedious. Aggression, sweating, nausea vomiting, muscle spasms and seizures.
The brunette jumped up motioning wildly with his hands. "What do you want John! They were just tiny little rumors! So what if I told Susan that you hide your wedding band or Anna that you spend a year in prison or what was her name ...the sales girl, yes I told her you hang out at those late night motels."
The next morning, like most Saturday morning Greg wheezed as the air was forced out of his lungs by an overly energetic toddler jumping on him.
It wasn’t until the 3rd ring and no message alert that Sherlock finally had it and snatched the offending cellular off the table.
“.. Why. Why can’t I just let go. Why is it so hard these things the useless things I want to delete it all Mycroft. I just wanted to delete it all. ” There was creak of the metal door following Sherlock disturbing phrase. The ambient sound outside, Sherlock was outside near water.
John and Sherlock came as well, the younger Lestrade children were oddly found of the consulting detective. Sherlock ended up with a lap full of napping 4yr old.
Coming down from the second takes longer, its evening now. On the other hand, is it morning? The lights hazy and grey it could be either. My phone is ringing, not that I care. It is likely one of those idiots at the yard, Geoffrey or...Gabe, something. Whom ever he is, he is shagging my brother I know that.
That was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever heard, above every symphony and carefully composed note. That promise was enough because it was true and real and...John. He always thought love was a chemical defect, a trait of the losing side that motivated people to do terrible things. A tedious useless emotion that made humanity weak and dull, but was not. Because Love was why he jumped, love was why he had spent two years of his life with little more than the clothes on his back doing everything in his power to destroy a lunatic’s network. Love was John.
"I told the dental technician you had seven children and were once a male exotic dancer." Sherlock stood silently and statue still waiting the Doctors wrath.
Sherlock was right, as much as his big brother loathed to admit it. There was something between the two older men, something DI Lestrade would not be opposed to exploring.
There was a beat of silence this in itself not unusual. Not until… “M-Myc…” the voice on the line cracked and shook with heavy breaths over the receiver.
Only this time it was different, they both looked worn and that surprised John. He of course was still very much in morning for his flatmate Sherlock, but he thought that the mans own brother hadn't cared. Mycroft didn't go to the funeral, he didn't behave any different. However right now Watson could see the age on the others face and worried lines around those eyes so like Sherlocks.
"Never Mind lets go NOW JOHN !" Sherlock pushed and shoved the shorter man ahead of him and out of the building. Behind them the cackling laughter of a woman could be faintly heard through the mahogany doors.
Somewhere along the line though things began to blur, not just because they spent every moment together. Sherlock often disappeared for a day or two, and John had his work at the clinic. It was more than that; maybe it was how everyone just assumed they were a couple.
Holmes sighs and unfolds his legs as if this whole thing is a bore. "Fine, I may have ...tested a few of the women whom you have taken interest in. They all failed miserably obviously."
Dreams are treacherous things, mirrors of our lives, a place where we can come and do the things we deny ourselves in our wakeful lives.
"Oh dear God...Oh Sherlock" Mycroft Holmes had no idea what to say when the black helicopter touched down out side the private house he had dispatched the medical team pre Dr. Watsons instructions.  In his mind he had deduced the likely hood of his brothers condition being grave indeed but actually seeing it. Watching John Watson and a crew of hand selected specialist transport the unconscious body of the boy he sill saw as a child so often, it broke his heart.
"I didn't think you'd come. Such a pleasant surprise that the little kitten seeks out the wolf, are you stupid or no, no your not are you..it's curiosity. Perhaps I misjudged you Molly."
Then came the day that changed everything. The day he met Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective, and his new Flat mate.
"Come on John were leaving! " Sherlock flipped his coat dramatically causing John to scold him for behaving stroppy though the scolding was hardly holding any bite as the man then placated in the next breath quietly promising Sherlock tea and 'cuddles'. Something Mycroft would have truly not needed to hear.
Not the kind of message one receives from ones supervisor then, no this was a lover. Some instances was little more than a glance before the mobile was shoved quickly into a trouser or coat pocket – photos then. Of the more adult variety given the odd fluster and excuses to step away that followed.
Johns hand trembled as he turned the knob to the bedroom, part of him begging to stop and flee this place. Part of him saying
His voice choked on the words, words that meant nothing in the silence of 221b, because the person who needed to hear them most was off enjoying his new life. A new life without Sherlock Holmes.
John was never mine to have; he was a visitor in this madness. I left, I died, he moved on. Moved on with her….
He could image everything about that beautiful mad genius, the way he smiled, they he laughed, the way he cried when he thought John couldn't hear him.
John couldn’t get it out of his head, Sherlock was alive and he just…hit him. On the one had the git deserved it for lying; but on the other, that disruption had saved John from making the biggest mistake ever. He had just begun to think it was all right to move on because he had to. It wasn’t healthy to be alone, that’s what his therapist had said. He had gone to that dinner with Mary with the small black velvet box in his coat pocket. He was just about to do it when that smooth baritone voice broke through his mind like a tornado.
Her eyes went wide, she had forgotten then. Before she could speak the man in side the Audi, the one taking a mother from her children and a wife from her husband, rolled down the window and informed her they needed to get on the road. "Greg I..."
I dislike this, I detest what his smiling eyes make me want to say. I loath the way the roughness and strength of his hands make me shiver. I find it completely deplorable how I am brought to my knees by the command in his voice.
That’s how John Watson found his Flat mate, best friend, and lover. The man who was the first one there when things went wrong and only one who never made him feel lonely. The only one that made him feel loved and alive.
Her voice seemed to loud bouncing off the concrete and steel beams, the man whom she was addressing stood in an impeccable Westwood suit illuminated by the window. He turned his head over his shoulder, his features half obscured in shadow.
That's what Sherlock said when he showed up on the doorstep of 221b, he really wasn't surprised when john decked him. What did surprise him however was after he got up from the floor was to find him self with wrapped up in his little bloggers arms.
He tried to concentrate on breathing. Inhale, exhale, just like that just relax. You’ve been shot. He kept trying to remain calm as the warm life giving blood soaked through his vest. He needed to live, he needed to get home.
Shutting his eyes, John enjoyed the closeness that he’d deprived himself of for so long. Sherlock never rejected the scenting he’d enacted, never left their bed, never sought out Irene’s attentions, he’d remained faithful to him. John had foolishly allowed his fears and Sherlock’s reclusions to determine his actions, when he should have been taking in the subtlety of Sherlock’s feelings.
Sherlock lowered his gaze to the table and his hardly-touched meal, this time being the first to end their eye contact. Mary was back. Of course she would be coming back. She'd given them enough time to bond, and she too would need John's presence for her health and for that of their child.
"Goodnight." Sherlock bid wetly, and John broke further at the sadness in Sherlock's voice. He'd succeeded in breaking Sherlock's heart along with his own.
A knock at the door had John standing to his feet as the door swung open and Mycroft was there to greet him.
Sherlock’s smirk faded instantly as he yanked his hand away from John and snapped his gaze back up to the alpha once more.
John did. He accepted his pregnancy and would raise his children with all the love and care he possessed.
Spinning around, Sherlock registered the sharp sound of a slap before he'd realized he'd struck the alpha. His right palm tingled painfully, heating up rapidly, reddened by the sheer force of his strike.
“Forty is rather old.” Sherlock interjected, no matter that because of evolution people aged slower and could now easily live up to their late hundreds.
John was appeased by this letter. He'd been miserable this last week without having the option of speaking with Sherlock, but this... this was enough. It was enough for someone like him. He'd continue to read Sherlock's letters, because he wanted a part of Sherlock. Reading these letters somehow made the separation hurt less.
Sherlock stood near the entrance. Hair damp from a recent shower, his face pale—paler than the day before, eyes red, dark bags evident. He wore a tightly fitted white shirt, black tailored slacks, and jacket. Freshly polished leather shoes shining brightly as he moved to seat himself in the chair beside John’s.
Mary Morstan stole his chance. John's mother destroyed him. John left him to suffer and gave that beta the one thing he couldn't have. Could never be blessed with.
“What? What am I asking that’s too much? Is it the intimacy? We can stop. I promise. I won’t ever touch you again if you wish it so, just… just… don’t talk like
"No. You aren't. You're sick, but I will heal you." John reassured, pressing his nose into his dark hair, stroking his curls with one hand and his back with the other.
“No… Let’s go.” John sighed with defeat. If they didn’t go, the Holmeses might come to visit them. John knew they should have met up with Sherlock’s parents after they’d consummated their marriage and the Holmes’ returned from their trip. They’d worry for John’s wellbeing, now that he was expecting.
John’s scent was so intoxicating and he ignored every one of Sherlock’s protests until Sherlock could refuse John no longer and gave in. Embraced John in all the love and care he possessed, showering affection, and remained in control even through the raging hormones and need to rut. He wanted to be gentle. Sherlock wanted to show John that even in such a dire situation, even when an alpha was supposed to be most dominating, he could be kind and temperate.
“John.” Sherlock gasped sensitively, apprehensively and John tore his eyes away from staring at those paining blue staring back at him.
John’s other hand moved, the tips of his fingers massaging the wet bulb of his cock and at the sensitive underside, his other hand gripped more tightly to his shaft. Sherlock’s omega whimpered at the sight of it, praising the heftiness of his alpha’s knot as it steadily grew with each of John’s desperate touches.
“It’s okay, Mrs. Holmes.” John reassured her that he wasn’t offended. Sherlock amused him. John liked that his omega didn’t follow the social norms, it made him eccentrically appealing.
"I fucked up. Sherlock." John's voice wobbled, his eyesight blurred. He'd hurt Victor - a man he cared for, who was a close friend. He'd just destroyed Victor.
Hot wetness splattered across pale skin and when John looked down, he found Sherlock’s chest and neck blotched in his come. John moaned weakly, fell back down over Sherlock’s chest, tongue shooting out to lick up the wetness, cleaning Sherlock of his own release.
The doors to the kitchen slid open to reveal more officers searching the place. Anderson was one of them and turned to face the living room before he mockingly greeted a fuming Sherlock.
John could see it coming, Mary hadn't given up just yet, even though John had made it clear to her. John knew her alpha had already set its sights on him.
As it were, Sherlock Holmes was a man that was ever prepared. In the first few weeks after John's arrival, Sherlock's sense of revenge was ever strong. He'd done things, that later, after he'd come to an inner agreement with his omega to try, felt wrong. But he'd done so in anger, after watching his alpha flirt to gain information for a case they'd been working on. Now, however, he was glad he'd done so. Because he'd use it to enact his vengeance.
When John told his parents he joined the army, his father had blown a fuse and nearly murdered him, but his mother held him back. They’d pleaded with John to reconsider, to withdraw the proceedings of enlisting, but it was too late. John’s parents were forced then to call his intended’s parents and inform them of his choice. The parents of his intended hadn’t been as upset as John hoped they would be. He’d secretly wished they’d cancel the wedding and break ties with them, but apparently John being so damn rare a find, they’d decided to postpone the wedding until after John finished his tour.
John just needed to have Sherlock in him, the pure need was enough to drive him crazy. He just needed to fuck Sherlock raw, take his fucking knot and be bred
Sherlock shut his eyes, his hands shot out to grasp a hold of John's arms and held tightly to him. Moaning deep within their kiss, John's hot tongue dragged against the roof of his mouth -
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, piercing silver-blue eyes burning through him, dragging along the expanse of his body, slowly evaluating and deducing him.
"I..." Sherlock was unsure what to say. John always surprised him. His eyes fluttered closed the moment John's hand wrapped around his cock, squeezing it on an upward stroke, sending his body vibrating with the pulsing pleasurable trills that overtook him.
They made it to the hospital and John tried to help Sherlock out, but Sherlock still refused to be touched by his alpha and ignored his outstretched hands. He got out of the cab and seated himself in a wheelchair as a nurse came to meet them.
” John snarled, feeling the sudden urge to leap across the desk and punch the smugly grinning mediator.
The hard, unforgiving frown John sent his way made something in Sherlock twitch uncomfortably. "No you didn't. It's how you get your kicks, isn't it? You risk your life to prove you're clever."
John thought he knew what a breaking heart felt like, but now he truly knew, because as those cold eyes stared at him with little care he was devalued in their union, in Sherlock’s life. All he was to Sherlock was the omega forced onto him by his family. He was no longer the John Watson Sherlock had been keeping watch of, the one person he loved more than life itself.
“You look… I like that shirt.” John complimented as best he could, whenever Sherlock wore that purple dress shirt… God, Sherlock just looked all the more suave and appealing. John would love to run his fingers in Sherlock’s damp curled tresses, press his lips against that Cupid’s bow mouth, inhale that enthralling scent of his alpha, and let the moan of Sherlock’s name roll off his tongue before claiming Sherlock’s mouth with his own.
"Mm, John." Sherlock hummed, head swarming with thoughts that this was wrong, unacceptable, that he should be resisting more. Sherlock couldn't bring himself to fight off this feeling. Not now. It was too late.
“I’m sorry too.” John planted his other hand on the alpha’s cheek and leaned forward to press his forehead against Sherlock’s own.
Sherlock glared at John shivering on the sheets, his eyes still shut, most probably dreaming up the perfect omega — a short, full figured and round hipped omega.
Yet, John and Sherlock were bonded. The alpha was helping heal his tattered mind and though there was anger within him that flared every time he remembered John's past actions, there was also the knowledge that the alpha was attempting to make amends. John hadn't lied to him or been unfaithful since committing himself to him. He... he was trying so...
The landlady had already unlocked the apartment door and it was left wide open for them. John vaguely took in the mess of the apartment, his eyesight was unfocused, his head whirling, he hardly registered the couch the women tottered his frail form to, until they were laying him on his back over the cushion.
Sherlock groaned, his cock hardening further, rising and pressing at the edge of his waistband with its own need. Sherlock swiped his tongue over the lengthy welt and John hummed contentedly. Kissing his way back up, Sherlock placed his attention on John’s nipples, one at a time, kissing, suckling, and nudging them with his tongue. Working them over until they were hard as rocks and John was ever vocal - his groans were torture to his neglected arousal, but Sherlock paced himself. John needed him and he’d give him all he had.
John weakly shuffled out of bed and staggered out of the room to meet Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen; she was seated down, having set the table for two and prepared them a chicken stew of sorts. At the sight of him, Mrs. Hudson broke into immediate tears.
?” The curiosity in Sherlock’s eyes transitioned to that of concern as he searched John’s face for answers.
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. The things Sherlock was asking of him, no alpha should be asked to endure. If any alpha had experienced such as recompense for their crime of marrying another, those alphas never spoke of it, for it was a deep shame for an alpha. John
“Sorry, mum.” Sherlock snarled; breaking eye contact with Mycroft and only after did his sights land on John, who stood hesitantly at the entry.
“If I said I wanted to make this marriage work, would you be willing to try again?” Sherlock contemplated aloud.
John would be damned if he married a fucking child and let the kid breed him on his next heat. They were starting to talk about wedding venues for Christ’s sakes! John couldn’t…he wouldn’t marry.
Sherlock was surprised by John’s lifestyle, his interest in playing rough sports — he didn’t fit into the norms of an omega. And yet, somehow Sherlock found it all rather delightful. As Sherlock read on, his face tensed into a deep frown, the alpha within him displeased to find records that John had been and was still being bullied in school. Dozens upon dozens of school fights and evidence of hazing, all started the same way: a group of peers initiating it and John struggling to defend himself.
John enjoyed the feel of the full body shiver that coursed through Sherlock’s form and dotingly pressed his lips along the curve of his mate’s jaw.
Sherlock's legs trembled; his cock gave painful jolts all as John's set to destroying him. The bead within jabbed hard, fast, and repeatedly was Sherlock's undoing.
. Though, really what did John expect, the large sums of money the Holmes' gave his parents must have come from a wealthy family. He just never expected them to be
The moment his heat fizzed out there had been a knock at his door and Sherlock’s wits having returned to him, knew it was his intrusive, but well meaning brother, Mycroft. He was always watchful of Sherlock. Sherlock knew Mycroft set hidden cameras in his flat and he’d removed them every chance he got, but knew they’d just be replaced by more well hidden ones.
God, what about his heat? He’d be going into heat in two months from now and the idea of mating, of his omega wanting to breed, even knowing logically that the likelihood of impregnation was low — John didn’t think he could take that. To wake after his heat and know that he hadn’t actually been bred and could not carry his alpha’s pups, it would be too painful to handle. The idea of his upcoming heat… John had never felt such fear or pain. He didn’t want to suffer that kind of reminder. John really didn’t want his heat. The only way to stop it was by starting up on suppressants once more, but that meant he’d lack a sex drive and his scent would act as a sexual repellant to alphas—Sherlock to be specific.
As John crossed the street of their flat the cords of a somber violin piece pierced at his heart. John blinked back the tears that formed in his tired eyes, shook his head, and rushed off.
After John treated himself to a nice hot bath where he finished reading one of the many books on his kindle, John lay out on the bed and switched the television on. For a long while John enjoyed just resting—the last few days had been rather busy what with working the case and then doing all he could possibly fit in the last three days of their vacation.
“Please, Sherlock. God, please.” John was begging. Even knowing how wrong this was. How he shouldn’t be laying on so much for Sherlock. But he had three AMF’s coursing through his veins and his cock leading his actions. His sense of logic had gone out the window in the wake of his arousal.
, but I found it hard to… The beauty, the strength, the kindness and intelligence I saw in them… I never expected to feel so… consumed.”
“Oh yes, we meet up every Friday for fish and chips.” Mycroft’s sarcasm thickly laced his voice. Though he’d kept his watch over John, the omega didn’t want anything to do with him. He blamed him for Sherlock’s suicide.
Each harsh wave of bliss left Sherlock breathless and feeling out of his skin. John driving him through it. Sucking, fingering him through all the spasms of delight taking over his body, until Sherlock's cock gave a dry jolt, emptied, and his omega hole loosened around the fingers inside of him.
pillow, and bleated a pitiful whimper, nuzzling it with sorrow and dampening it with tears. He breathed shakily into the pillow, muffling the pleading whimpers for comfort, for those lanky arms to wrap around him and squeeze him tight. John wasn’t sure when, but sometime after, he’d fallen asleep.
“What kind of alpha deserts their omega when they’re in heat!” Harry raged, not expecting an answer, but John’s pained whimper surprised her.
"Bollocks! They were all perfectly fine and very nice now tell me the real reason!" John said jumping up getting into Sherlock's personal space.
John looked up from his folded hands, it had been two weeks since Mary shot his best friend, two weeks Sherlock had been in a coma after dying for three minuets on the table.
That night after a few heavy glasses of brandy, Mycroft had resigned himself to staring at the ceiling trying to work out some mastery of the control he had lost in the passing days. He needed to rebuild his walls; clearly caring was not an advantage.
I do not need sentiment, sentiment is dangerous and feral, and it leaves you insular. It tricks you with human comfort, fooling you with its attractive words and promises. Friendship and Love.
"He didn't come back for me Mr. Watson, I think you and I both know that. Rest assured i will give my little brother a firm reprimand for worrying us all when the time is right. "
How many times did he have to blink away the hazy image of his flatmate bent over a some experiment in the front room, making wild hand gestures... sitting in that blasted leather chair talking to a skull. The beautiful madman he was.
Sure, they knew each other a long time and Greg knew the kind of man Mycroft was. That discovery had come after a few pints when the two of them ended up in a rather violent snog in the back of one of the politician's cars. Greg had felt guilty about that, being married and all, but he never regretted it, not really.
Lestrade was divorced not actively seeing anyone at the Yard, no this was someone who had free time giving the times of the texts. Any and all hours. So- single, with a job that would afford them privacy or a homebody. More likely the first as Lestrade was a rather active man, it would stand to reason he would seek out someone else who led an active and independent life style. An office job, or private sector or perhaps government employee?
He sat down next to his younger brother, taking a moment to card his fingers through the younger mans sweat slick dark curls.  Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open still masked a bit in the falling haze of his drug stupor.
"I need you Sherlock...I need you." he had said it so many times there in the silence of 221b. He realized he loved his best friend.
John had never spoken to him in this dream. They would just lay here and everything would burn. That's how it always ended.
The end of each day was a momentary bliss, war was hell and every hour pushed him to his limit as a doctor and a solider. It was in these quiet moments when the dark inky blue of the Middle Eastern sky was above and the still warm earth was below him that he could breathe. He could take out that slightly wrinkled piece of paper from his jacket and run his fingers over the deep creases before reading the words.
From then on it was late night violin, giggling at crime scenes, chasing down bad guys and shooting serial killers. God John loved it; the one thing though he had not expected to come out of the deal though was the one thing he really wanted all along.
There was that voice again, ringing in the dark corridor of his mind. Was this what it was like to die? Being taunted by the most hurtful things you had ever done? Sherlock wondered briefly if he had been wrong about there being no God. Maybe this was hell, having to relive the hurting the man he loved.
It was Sherlock's turn to shout, his face and ears dusted in crimson. "Because I can't stand the thought of you with anyone else but me!"
Mainlining, such a beautiful word. The way it rolls off the tug has a macabre elegance; it dances in like the wisps of smoke from this substance boiling in the silver spoon that inspired it. Dissolving my memories in water and citric powder, boiling away the noise and replacing it with anticipation.
That's all it took for that rich baritone to beg the heavens and chant the good doctor's name like a holy mantra.
The body next to him woke with a start, dark blue eyes and a kind smile regarded him. It was real, It was John Watson, smiling and holding his hand..willingly!
“Thank you for your concern Sherlock but as a doctor I’m well aware and intend to take the appropriate precautions” he said slipping on his jacket at the door. John looked back noticing Sherlock was now sitting up glaring at the table.
John came around the table just as Sherlock turned on the tool to face him. Tilting the detectives chin up as he spoke, “I think I require one more bit of evidence before I can state my theory Mr. Holmes.”
That was three days ago, the fight the result of some ridiculous back and forth over vacation plans. It somehow exploded into how Greg felt disrespected. It was something that had been simmering beneath the surface for a long time but Greg never said anything. He had long ago come to terms with loving a Holmes not being an easy feat. John Watson could commiserate with that.
He honestly thought John would pull away, because friends did not imply to be in love with other friends. Especially when one friend is a proclaimed heterosexual.
"Right...right, we are going to talk about this just..just not right now." John took a breath and ran a hand over his face, entering Doctor Watson mode.  " is there any more in the flat, and don't you lie to me Sherlock I will call Lestrade if I have to."
The politician tilted his head to listen; Sherlock was getting up from some place. The crinkle of paper and fabric but not sheets, the scuff of leather-soled shoes on concrete. A smack house then, some place with concrete floors, industrial. The drug dens that were held in the old warehouse district near the Thames. Only a hand full of locations but still not good enough.
John Watson had seen many things in his life- war and death had greeted him countless times. All he had seen and was able to keep functioning. Still, John wished he could forget some of the faces that would haunt him for the rest of his life.
Lost in a surge of pleasure, sensory input that seems chaotically bombarding to my somatosensory cortex. A beautiful hour of relief, but not nearly enough. I need that more, I need to feel that embrace I cannot let it go not now when the flat is so silent and faded. I need color; I need gold shadowed in silver. I need oatmeal knit and stripes, I need silly patterns of plaid shirts with tucked in collars and eyes of dark blue.
Also if you know me you know I love to destroy your feels so have a hankey handy for the tears will be unleashed.
“Yes and I love him.” Sherlock said as if it was as natural as breathing, not even blinking to how strange it seemed falling from his lips. Clearly those two years of being a dead man had changed him.
Both men turned red when they heard little Aubrey asks her brother if "Mikey was going to be their new mommy"
It had been a full day for Mycroft Holmes, yet the day wasn't quite finished yet. After all Mummy would be disappointed if he did not check on his little brother.
"You're thanking me for sex?" Sherlock tried to hide a giggle, he didn't giggle damnit, but failed. "John, you don't have to thank me for sex."
“You wouldn’t dare.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes and dropped his gaze to John’s hand, which was lazily tugging away on his cock.
“Well, we’d best get you there then, I’m sure you won't be able to go right to bed when you get there.”
I still don't see why you're not allowed electronics. Yeah, the risk of reaching out to a past source is there. But isn't the risk of boredom and doing something extreme out of said boredom higher? God knows I get antsy and restless when I've had a few days with nothing to do here. It's like a timebomb waiting to go off. Perhaps, you should write another essay. (Leaving smart arse a wide berth, if I were you.) I would write about the negative effects of boredom, and perhaps come up with a few things to help quell that. Music, writing, reading, anything. If it is well thought out, perhaps something good will come of it.
It went well, at first. He managed to get the pans out of the cupboard without making too much noise, and he had bacon sizzling away on one pan while he stared at the eggs trying to decide how to cook them. He was so completely lost in his egg dilemma that he gave a start and nearly dropped the egg he’d been holding when strong arms wrapped around his middle and John’s body pressed firmly against his back.
“That… Right… Yeah.” John nodded, then held a hand out. “Let me take your tea, better bring two packages. I wasn’t kidding when I said I was hungry. Haven’t eaten since dinner my time yesterday.” as John took Sherlock’s cup from him, he felt his heart flutter once again at the jolt that ran through his entire body when they touched. “I’ll… I’ll be in there, I guess.” With one last look at Sherlock, he turned around and headed back into the sitting room.
"Mmmm," John chuckled against Sherlock's back as both he and Sherlock struggled to remain standing, "is it too early for me to forfeit? I mean, having a husband who likes rough sex is all the prize I need."
They worked in silence for a while, each of them bent on their task, but after a while, Mr. Holmes cleared his throat and John looked up.
Remember, email notifications are sometimes broken, so check back Wednesday or Thursday for a "surprise"
“Oh yes, medical base. Stupid me.” Sherlock hissed and tilted his head while turning the picture around, then the next depicting the same spot. “Yes, most likely rib cutters looks like the fence was cut from the inside as well. See the angle, how it goes sideways from left to right, he made a slashing motion like “/” then mimed holding the cutters. Either we’re dealing with a left-handed man or it was done from the inside. Not only that, see how they used a zip-tie to hold the fence open. Its bent out. If you were to cut open a fence, and sneak in, what would be your first instinct, to push or pull that freshly cut up wire?”
“Because I’m not letting you walk across base naked. Now come on, get dressed. I already brought us breakfast.” John pulled away and patted Sherlock on the butt.
“Yes, how did you manage to keep everything warm?” John accepted a nearly overflowing plate full of food.
Hello all! So Blood is having a really bad night, so I suggested we post this early, because your comments always cheer her up!
Sherlock put his phone on speaker and stuck his tongue out at the book which was still in John’s hands.
Sitting on the floor, his brother’s head sobbing against his chest Mycroft slowly rocked his grieving brother. Sherlock has cried much like this when his beloved Redbeard died, and it nearly tore Mycoeft to bits. He vowed in that moment to protect his brother, no matter the cost. Now he had failed, failed his brother in the absolute worst way. And all he had to offer in return was his arms, and a single picture tucked away in his breast pocket.
of him. Maybe he could continue to cash in on his brother’s current giving attitude and see if he could arrange for John to be stationed somewhere safe, or quite possibly get shipped back home earlier than anticipated. Sherlock made another mental note to inquire about these things later.
Hope you enjoy this chapter tho. It was kind of a bitch to find time to write.  Literally would write with blood while taking bathroom “breaks” or a few quiet moments at work.
“No tears.” John whispered pressing their foreheads together and taking in a shaky breath, steadying himself as Sherlock soothed a hand down his back.
With his palm facing the ceiling, John gently inserted his index and middle fingers and with his fingers curled, began a slow and gentle thrusting. Sherlock soon began to rock back and forth on his fingers, moaning words of encouragement as he loosened and the fingers sunk deeper and deeper. His moans grew louder and louder, only hindered by his panting as John fell into a relentless rhythm of: Thrust, curl, withdraw, thrust, curl, withdraw. On one such thrust and curl, John’s fingers found what they’d been looking for. The brushed against the soft lobe of Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock, on his part, went limp and if It hadn’t been for the moan-turned-scream, John might have thought that Sherlock had fallen asleep. As if he needed more proof that Sherlock was in fact
“It’s fun because it's efficient.” Sherlock sighed, but John gave him a playful shove away from his father, and his father’s puzzle.
The stunning Moodboard was made by http://sherlock-dicked-down-holmes.tumblr.com/post/153136236182/dear-john-moodboard-based-off-of-a-fanfic-which and words cannot express how thankful I am for it. It honestly is amazing, and I'm so thrilled to include it with today's chapter. Now I need to find a way to make it the cover for this fic! So if any readers know how, let me know in the comments!
“When you say ready,” John queried and all but groaned when Sherlock, standing in the middle of their sitting room, curtains open so the whole world could see if they cared to look up, dropped his trousers and pants and bent over the arm of what was now
"But it's Christmas morning, John. And, as we didn't have proper time to get each other gifts, I’ve decided to take mine in the form of sex." Sherlock unlatched his lips from John's collarbone to pull away and give John a sultry stare. "And I'll take it now."
“No can do, Sherlock. I’ve got to go shopping, to fix that broken toilet of ours. So, give me your card.” John pushed the shirt away, and Sherlock’s hands, which had been trying to pull his jumper off as he spoke, and shook his head.
“Mmm.” Sherlock nodded, smiling fondly at the room he now had filled up with John. He had an entire encyclopedia in his mind palace describing how John smelled. After all, it changed. Just showered John smelled like soap, Indian spice, and something Sherlock could only define as
Postscript: I know you have inquired about my physical appearance. I hope you do not fault me for making you wait one more letter. Also, pawn to D5.
“Anything you'd like.” John smiled and drained the last of his wine. Sherlock gazed up at the man who had somehow captured his attention, and his heart. John looked relaxed, happy even. The corners of his lips were quirked up into a sort of half smile and there was a bit of red wine staining his bottom lip. Sherlock found himself wondering if his lips tasted like wine, or the cake they'd just eaten, and decided that if he couldn't spend another moment wondering. He reached up a slender hand and cupped his fingers around the nape of John's neck, pulling him down even as he rose himself up. They met in the middle. John's hands encircled Sherlock’s face and his lips parted, their tongues clashed together.
“Mmm…” Sherlock nodded as he finished scrawling out ‘Marjorie Holmes’, “once classes start I may not have much time. But I'll visit when I can.”
John lined himself up, pressed his tip against Sherlock’s sopping wet hole, grabbed Sherlock’s hips and pulled.
He made his way into the kitchen, intent on making a pot of tea, but stopped short. Sherlock was sat on the floor of their lounge, surrounded by an almost perfect circle of papers and two open laptops. Closer inspection showed the papers were the reports delivered by PC Lestrade the day before. By Sherlock’s left knee was a blow that had been repurposed into an ashtray, and now held a dozen or more stamped out cigarette butts, and in Sherlock’s left hand was a freshly lit cig.
“Some. One possible option is for us to go down to the local town hall, fill out the appropriate paperwork and have a registered clerk officiate it. For a fee, of course.”
“Watson!” The man's booming voice made John wince thanks to his headache. John had a mental image of a tall, rather wide man with a red, but smiling, face. “I hear you went and got a building on top of you.”
“Oh Christ!” John groaned and eyed the glass butt plug that revealed itself when Sherlock spread his cheeks.
“I wasn’t fine though. Don’t get me wrong, things were quite good for a few months, but everything started up again shortly thereafter. The noise, the desolation, the constant sensory input beating against everyone nerve and neuron...cocaine was the only thing that stopped it, made everything silent, still, numb.”
“So? Breakfast…then...What? We tell each other our chess moves?” John panted out as Sherlock’s fingers skated across his hips.
“Yeah, alright.” John, who was panting now and trying his hardest not to come just yet, reached around Sherlock’s body and took hold of Sherlock’s swollen cock.
Shifting his feet a little he changed posting and let out a harsh laugh when Sherlock all but screamed as his prostate was stimulated. It didn’t take long, within minutes Sherlock’s legs were shaking and he was muttering a constant stream of what might have been words but came out more like muffled “ffffffuuuuuuuuu… Jo….”
It wasn’t like in some adult videos, where both partners were covered in sweat, constantly moaning “Oh Shit!” instead it was simply
I and both in love with what you have so graciously made, and so bloody flattered I almost can't words.
“Oh? Shall I remind you of ‘Since the very first letter, since you made me laugh with “Dear Soldier” and the snark that filled that first page… oh, my love… I've been hooked.  You might be the one in rehab, but I am the addict’,” Sherlock brought his attention back to recent webpage he was sifting through, “Not to mention all the quotes you transcribed at the end of each of your letters.”
John stretched his arms out far above his head, burying his hands under the pillows in a show of submissiveness. It seemed, this time, it was Sherlock’s turn to kiss and lick his way over exposed skin. John found himself moaning, rather loudly, at Sherlock’s attentions. Seemingly on their own accord, John’s hips lifted off the bed and gyrated against Sherlock’s thigh.
“But nothing, John. If we’re being honest, which I hope we always are, I would have overdosed a lot sooner had it not been for your letters. You… John Watson, you keep me right.”
“Hello, Mycroft.” Sherlock turned to roll his eyes at John who rolled his back. Leave it to his brother-in-law to install hidden cameras in their new flat.
However, around the age of eight years, I actually began to appreciate her work and even began helping her. I remember researching all the different types of flowers and plants that were available, what plants complemented each other in type and composition, and if they could be used in anyway other than the typical decoration. I had an affinity for the more poisonous species. Unfortunately, mummy wouldn't plant most of the ones I brought to her attention, but she did allow for some of the more lesser toxic ones as a special reward for good behaviour.
“Well, I’ll be sure to get us back before he has a chance to scold us for being out of base.” Sherlock laughed and gave his head a little shake as a stray lock of hair whipped in the breeze and tickled the side of his face.
Just some texts between our boys. It was nice working on these with blood again! As always view on my tumblr here if you're on your phone, easier reading. Link will be in the chapter as well.
I managed to escape that encounter with nothing more than a stained costume. My offender was so drunk all he managed to do was spill his drink while trying to take a few swings at me. A few of his friends overheard the commotion however and decided to defend their friend’s honor. They were not as drunk unfortunately. I obtained torn clothes, a black eye, a sore jaw and a few scrapes for that encounter.
I am surprised that I actually find myself enjoy the time I am spending here with my parents. My mother is a brilliant woman and I truly enjoy conversing with her. My father, on the other hand, while brilliant in his own way, is of average intelligence. It is with him, I find I enjoy my time the most. He’s delightful, can see through my snarky moods, and can calm me down when I find myself missing you and am being….
“Where are you going?” Sherlock whined, and rolled to his side, watching as John stretched and stuffed his feet into a pair of slippers, looking utterly ridiculous as he was still completely naked, and a face covered in ejaculate.
Treading softly into the lounge he walked to the window and watched the lazy Sunday traffic below. Now it was too quiet, without John to distract him and his brain awake, his fingers twitched and his eyes darted to the mantel where a pack of cigarettes sat in plain view. John had left them there after he’d scolded Sherlock for smoking during the case. John had bent Sherlock over his knee and given his bottom a swatting like he were a child. The thought almost made Sherlock want to smoke again, just for the swatting. But he resisted.
“Let's compromise. How about we walk to town, play lovers, and purchase a few scandalous items. Then return home and try them out.” John whispered as chills, not caused by the cold weather, coursed down his body. He leaned his head against Sherlock’s shoulder and let out a satisfied hum when Sherlock's lips did more than just tease. “How does that sound? Hmm?”
Sherlock watched with hooded eyes as John made his way back into the bedroom. A slight almost starving look shown in his eyes as he took in John’s most delectable shape, his muscles bunching and pulling in his back as he walked.
“By our third year, we had made plans to move in together. He had actually obtained an internship in the field of which he was going into, even thought he was still in school. He had even lined something up for myself, though it would not be ready until another year past. Everything was perfect John, or what I assumed to be perfect. Looking back, my lack of experience when it came to relationships and personal interaction most likely was a contributing factor in such delusions.”
That seemed to speed up the detective, because it was then only a matter of seconds before his belt and trousers feel unceremoniously to the floor. For the briefest space of time, Sherlock was nearly knocked over as tried to step out of his trousers, only to remember he still had his expensive shoes on. But before tumbling over he managed to kick off his shoes, and somehow his socks, and soon stook naked from the waist down in front of John.
“Yeah, but, Ashley?” John grimaced, then schooled his features as Sherlock rolled his eyes and applied a bandage. “Do you really want some guy named Ashley fuckikng you in… oh… right now?”
“Are you… experimenting on my libido?” John laughed, and was forced to step away as the sounds of footsteps could be heard making their way into the kitchen. Sherlock had just enough time to scramble to his feet before Mycroft strode into the kitchen, pausing to give the pair of them a knowing look.
“Come join me and find out.” John smirked and wiggled his hips enticingly. Sherlock pounced on the bed and tore under the covers head first, nearly circling himself around like a cat before his head popped up, curls messy and disheveled.
Sherlock opened his eyes as his shudders dissipated. He watched John with a lazy expression and appeared relaxed and content. His arms were draped loosely around John’s shoulders and he didn’t know when that had happened. He gave in to the impulse to kiss him and Sherlock happily responded in kind.
“I never thought I’d have a companion like this. It’s very... I don’t know how to describe it. I believe I’m producing higher levels of oxytocin.”
John didn’t exactly ignore Greg’s advice. It wasn’t as if he were actively putting their conversation out of his mind. But neither did he make an effort to sit down and have a good think about it. He didn’t see the point. Didn’t see why it was so important to Greg anyway. John was satisfied with his life with Sherlock. Things were comfortable. Exciting. Peaceful in the chaos in that way John craved. He was happy being what they were and didn’t want to worry what other people expected them to be.
Perhaps they needed to talk again. But... John really did feel emotionally exhausted now. So he wrapped his blanket around him and tried to relax his spinning mind. It could all wait until tomorrow.
Now that the lube was properly coating it, John took hold of Sherlock’s cock in a firm grip and started to wank him properly - slowly at first. He bucked and writhed and made breathy “uh, uh, uh,” sounds. All of which was quickly ratcheting up John’s already high arousal level. Then John sped up his stroking. Immediately Sherlock’s body started to tense and he knew the man was on the brink. He remembered to rub his thumb over the glans on the upstroke... and then Sherlock was shaking and crying out, his cock jerking in John’s hand.
John wriggled out of his pants and oh, was Sherlock so right. The skin on skin sensation was perfect. And that arse was ridiculously soft.
When it seemed that Sherlock was done speaking for the time being, John went to the kitchen to sort out dinner. It was early, but he too needed something to occupy him.
“It’s odd feeling. Naked in bed together, but we haven’t kissed. I’ve never been that type of guy. Shagging without kissing.”
Sherlock smiled again and John felt happy at making Sherlock feel better. Lately he’d started to feel like all he did was make his best friend feel bad about himself. He wanted to change that.
Another two days of mulling the whole situation over and several headaches later, Sherlock had had enough of it.
But that had left John without much to do. So he’d gone out. For a little me time. Ok, he went out to meet women.
Hillock piped up, “Now’s our chance, lads. We can finally ask one what’s so special about Watson. So, uh, Sherlock, tell us how he got ya.”
“That I shagged a man? No. Were you planning on telling people? Oh, god, don’t go telling people. Imagine all their smug faces and the ‘I told you so’s’ we’d have to endure.”
“There are very few things I haven’t tried in regards to self-pleasure. Mostly things that I find immensely unappealing. However, it’s possible there are things I haven’t thought of or new products available. I’m doing a quick internet search.”
“You never know. You might decide you like romance after all. You’re a natural at affection.” John gave him a half hearted smile and stroked the skin under his ear.
“Oh.” Sherlock made the mind palace face for a few moments. Then he spent the next few minutes doing something on his phone.
Sherlock moved his laptop from the coffee table to his desk and began tapping at the keys. ‘For something to do,’ John thought. ‘Fine. If he wants to act like he’s not bothered, we can both do that. Like it never happened.’
“You don’ have to be everyone else. An’ at’s bollocks anyway. You should just be... Sherlock Holmes, who doesn’ care what idiots think. Be what you are.”
“So not asexual means you like something? Men? Women? Either’s fine by me, k? Nothing t’ worry bout.”
Mycroft’s expression of supreme frustration flickered for the barest of moments as he absorbed seeing Sherlock allowing such intimacy. He scowled and finally he left them in peace.
Sherlock let out a high whine as he suckled at one and then the other. His breathing ratcheted up. “Joh-Joh-Joh-fu-fu-mmmmmm.”
There were a couple other changes in John’s best friend, but he wasn’t entirely certain they were real. That is to say, it could be just his own perception that had changed. He couldn’t be sure. Firstly, it seemed to him that Sherlock’s eyes were a bit more prone to wandering... John could have sworn he saw his friend’s gaze land on a few attractive bodies lately. Had he always done that? Or was John just imagining it?
That only left one idea. John’s heart started to race at the thought of actually saying it out loud. Adrenaline. And that’s probably what made him want to do it. He loved that rush.
“All those times I called you an arrogant wanker and I never realized how true it was. Fine, have you tried it suspended upside down while wearing women’s lingerie and nipple clamps?”
“Well, yeah, but I think that happened a while back when I walked into my flat expecting to find my posh git friend in his posh suit, but instead I got the image of pale Englishman, a red cock, and an ecstatic O face.” John nudged him playfully.
“Sit! Eat!” John used his captain voice. “You can bloody well chew food at the same time as staring at that wall and don’t give me any bollocks about digestion slowing you down. Your brain needs fuel and if you try to argue this, you no longer get to hold the title of rational human being.”
“I- well I, I guess. I mean, if that’s what you want. But really, you could stay. It’s fine.” John was crying inside. He’d been so close and she smelled so good.
“Oh. Um. K. I - uh. There was this girl named, uh, Becca. We were at a party. Playing truth er dare.”
It was a relief to be back. Well, it was a relief for a few hours. The very next day Sherlock found another case and they were right back to the busy pace of detective work. John wasn’t bothered. It was by no stretch the first time they had worked back to back cases. It was finished in three days with neither of them any worse for wear.
“A pet needs to be given food and water, a place to sleep. You have to bathe it and clean up after it. I’d be the one outside at midnight taking it for a walk so it can shit on the pavement for me to clean it up.”
After a while, he started to think about what else could have happened that night. How would Sherlock have reacted if John had tried sucking him off instead? He didn’t know if he’d like doing it, but he mostly thought of whether or not Sherlock would like it. And his imagination didn’t stop there. Eventually, he’d worked his way through most of the possibilities.
John studied him. “I can’t tell if you’re trying to trick me into saying nice things about you or if you’re bragging.”
John woke up to the sound of Sherlock’s phone beeping. He glanced at his bedmate to see he’d also been roused, and also looked a bit groggy. John grabbed the phone since it was on his side of the bed anyway.
Sherlock didn't know why this vexed him as much as it did or why he felt the need to know what the DI was doing with his private time but he did.
The young coroner sat on the exam table her back to the door, she leaned back her hands behind her clasping the cold steel lip of the table. Molly shivers wearing only a thin black slip, bare foot with no undergarments. All as directed, all she followed to the letter. Her hair was down,she had no jewellery on no make up. Nothing but silk and flesh.
After the doctor had left Mycroft dismissed most of the staff and entered the guest room turned makeshift hospital room. Sherlock looked so thin and grey and helpless, it wasn’t right.
Stepping into a room at the end of the long corridor of interrogation rooms a young agent of MI6 chewed at his lip nervously. "Mr.Holmes Sir, very sorry to interrupt you but it would seem that we have made no progress as yet with the captive."
I despise to admit that I need him, even though it's true, I am reliant, dependent, and completely foolish without his guidance. John Watson keeps me right.
"So whats the plan?" John Watson inquired as He followed Sherlock, like always the detective could never do things the simple way.
When John Watson came home from the war, he was not sure there was anything left for him. He was a broken down old solider with a limp living in a crummy little bed-sit all alone. His days were divided up between sing the shrink the army had suggested and eating takeaway out of the box.
This was not even about the high, how boring that is. There is no recreation or social acceptance to this pursuit that beckons with tendril fingers. It is medication that is suitable is not it. I do not need some half-witted mental health workers with their predictable and disingenuous commentary asking me how I ‘feel’. I do not feel.
Sherlock smirked curling his legs up in the chair, “Oh you know, Gavin Lestrade…he’s an Alpha and good at it.”
"Such a greedy girl, On your knees  head to the floor, cross your arms at the writs above you." The order was smooth and swiftly obeyed.
Mycroft blinked in the low light of the tiny cell he was in. It was a warehouse, older likely used for textile if the residue on the floors and walls was any indication. Then he was not far from the rendezvous point, also good. "Tell me something, do you really think this is going to end in your favor. Even if you kill me, I will not be the only one coming to stop you. Surely you don't think all the other countries and there agencies will let a group of madmen have control of a weapon that powerful."  He said all the while adjusting his bound wrists, just a bit closer to press the button on the side of his watch.
Mycroft sighed placing the tray to the side, he was done he was surrendering to his own pride if it beating h brothers addiction.  “We don’t have room for it Sherlock but its there nonetheless and sometimes it’s that sentiment that shows us what’s important. It shows us what’s worth the fight.”
John climbed up onto the bed. "Yes you win." Pulling Sherlock gently to his chest letting the other rest his heat over his heart.
"Yes...love let me hear you. God your so beautiful," John praised the man beneath him as Sherlock arched and fought desperately to contain his pleasured cries.
"10 minuets, oh and have medical out side with an ice chest." he said before shutting and locking the door between them leaving the young agent with a confused and frightened face.
Mycroft quickly docked his phone into the vehicles control and typed in a gps as he spoke. “Sherlock, sit down now. You need to sit and think remember what I thought you? When things are too difficult or to tedious you simply have to go into your mind and open the door do you remember. I want you to sit down and do that for me now.”
"Mighty big of you Greg, ya know that's the first useful thing you've done in the last 10 years." her tone dripped with sarcasm.
They knew what could happen if anyone found out, even John's military history and Sherlock's intelligence wouldn't save them from the hate of the outside world. Try as they might to hold back those traitorous feelings, they always ended up right back were they started.
Mycroft thought about what he was about to ask, he knew what it would mean; it was something he had wanted for so long. "My home is very large, and it's just I there. I assume Caroline wishes to sell this home in order to split the selling price. What I'm trying to ask Gregory is... if you and the children, if you would like to come and live with me?"
Therefore, he might strangle Sherlock but not right now, the idea is still though an option. He is a doctor but apparently, this is a bad day.
"He's right brother mine, you need to get out." Sherlock looked up to see his brother Mycroft standing there amidst the flames , suit perfect as always as if even the heat was to afraid to touch the iceman.
Mycroft looked up at the voice of the doctor who had been dispatched back to his home where he he had taken Sherlock. Going to a hospital had not been an option, there were too many variables and things were already so far out of control. The British government had too many enemies and if anyone knew Mycroft had a younger sibling in such a compromised state Sherlock would have become a target.
John regretted that the most. He should have done more, said more. He should have grabbed the detective and shook him, should have help him as tight as possible and kissed him.
Mycroft melted, baring his face in the older man’s shoulder, taking in the musky smell of his department store cologne. His hands griped into the thin cotton t-shirt Greg wore and held on as though he-man before him would cease to exit. Maybe it would not be so bad to be cared for, if this is what it felt like.
Sherlock hadn't expected John to comeback, he expected John to make up with Mary and live the life of a normal person.
This wasn't rational, she should run away she should be disgusted. But she wasn't, this was physical attraction and nothing seemed to stop it as her hand shot out griping the mans tie and jerking him back for a searing kiss that she dominated fiercely.
“I want you to have a life; I don’t just want you to survive this I want you to thrive after it. I worry Sherlock I worry constantly that I’m going to pick up the phone and someone is going to tell me they have found you in some ally way with a needle sticking out of your arm or beaten to death. That devastate me because what little sentiment I have in this world is for you.”
"Kids, will up you give us a moment. We will um be down soon. Nick come get your sister yeah?" Greg said shooing the children out.
He would smile at the words and cares the closing sentiment, realizing that for most the sing off would be an afterthought. However, for Sherlock Holmes it held the weight of the world in those four little letters.
This time Mycroft did choke, sputtering the amber liquid in a rather undignified manner. “You what!”
Mycroft hummed in agreement before turning a par of light red rimmed eyes to the DI, “Indeed, But I’ve never been dumped either.”
Sherlock laid down and pulled the motionless body closer to his own as the fire crept closer, crackling the floorboards and shattering the windows. He held on tight because this was the only place where he could.
The phone fell from the detectives hands and skittered across the table. “John....We have to leave, and never return.”
Sherlock did his duty, stood there at the behest of his best friend with a smile plastered on his face. He gave a speech that brought tears to the eyes, wished nothing but the best for Mr. & Mrs. Watson, he did it all right. Watched the happy couple dance and chatted with guests... all wonderful played lies. Holding back the bitter taste that festered in his throat every time he glanced at the blushing bride.
Molly was trembling drooling as she lay tied on the exam table, her back and rear was littered in welts that stung beautifully underneath her. She looked up with glazed reverent eyes to her Mistress straddling her chest. The satin slip she had dawned an hour ago was gone forgotten on the floor.
"She would, I'm sure father would be pleased with some of my other choices as well." He commented, light eyes lingering down her back and over the rise of her behind in the tight fitting leather.
The elder Holmes lifted the yellow tape and walked over eying the body that lay face-down in the ally. " Just checking on you brother mine, can I not show interest in your Work?"
Slowly the recovery began, and on the 6th night when things changed, as if they hadn't already. Perhaps though..this was the one thing John needed to know most. The one thing Sherlock needed to say the most.
It started out simply enough, the DI would be walking about a crime scene and his phone would chime. This in it self not terribly notable, but then the reaction to the messages.
Warm hands caressed her face sliding down over her neck and down her chest, pinching and tugging at her dusty nipples . " Such a mess you have made. " Irene said looking back over her shoulders to the table now moist with fluid. "I  want to watch you clean it up."
