"Tired, John. Very, very tired. Old age is finally upon me" She half-joked, the wittiness still flurrying through her voice like he remembered.
"Molly? What? I don't understand" John said his famous line, but it was true, he didn't, he never bloody understood.
"As much as I hate to think about how my call was a disturbance to you both, I'm afraid things need to be said and as my brother refuses to turn his phone, you're both to hear what I need to say. - please put me on speaker, John"
"What were you even cooking?" John asked, feeling Sherlock's arm as it snaked around his waist pulling him closer to his side.
"I will do all I can to make this work, John. No matter the sacrifice or hard work, I am beyond determined to see this through - if you're not ready for this right now then I will wait, I can assure you of that. There is absolutely no one else in this world that I would find myself with, you are and always will be the one for me"
"It is, yes" he admitted, ready to take on whatever she threw at him "it's very true, I lived a very - extensive and wild life before you Rosie, I did some very extremely dangerous and life threatening things. But that's in the past, I don't do that anymore"
"I - please, forgive me for saying this" Sherlock gulped, it burnt his throat, like he was swallowing all of the pain building inside him.
"Oh" Sherlock noted, unsure what to say so he simply nodded, complicating a simple question.
"I refuse" Sherlock shook his head "- I refuse to be a part of this absolute madness any longer, I want a normal life with no possible psychopath's coming to haunt me. It's your turn to fight this Mycroft not me"
"Is that so? How did you come to that deduction?"
"Wait, you can't get rid of me that easily! Does this mean you're famous then? Like, actually? All of my friends are asking me if they can come round and meet you both. Maybe I'll be famous now, does that mean we'll be rich an-"
"You're such a sappy bastard" John giggled, actually giggled.
"As much as I wish for this to end as you do, it would seem he has a lot of demons to fight before your little retirement can be official"
He felt Sherlock's hand creep onto his back, his palm steady, just there, for comfort.
"That. Was. Fucking. Fantastic" Sherlock mumbled against John's neck, planting one last lazy kiss.
John was wary but still, he nodded "alright, I'm sure there's some shit day time TV show on" he stood from his chair, leading Sherlock away through the hall and towards the living room.
"didn't quite expect you to be here"
"John, is that you?" The more fragile voice shouted.
"Who?" Sherlock frowned, throwing a ball onto the floor and catching it.
"I did, sweetheart" Mrs Hudson nodded, pulling back slightly with her hands still on Rosie's shoulders "I remember when you were born, John and Sherlock had just got back from a case and your mum had rang John 54 bloody times. I think she scarred Sherlock for life"
He typed out another message.
"You're wrong" John quickly spoke, watching as he walked agonisingly slow towards them "you wouldn't want to hurt Sherlock Holmes"
"Thank fuck for that" John growled.
"Yes, well, not all dads are as hot as you"
"Mind games are never the way, Sherlock. You must have known that I would have appreciated it more if you came to me"
John sighed, reaching up to rub his eyes. He was exhausted, he had never felt so much in his life, all of these emotions had hit him like a tonne of bricks in as little as weeks and he was drained. Sherlock reached out, grabbing one of John's hands in his own and lacing his fingers through it cautiously as he looked at him.
John's eyes softened at that, the smile Sherlock loved so dearly creeping across his now swollen lips.
. "I'll think about it"
"Not at all" John shook his head, leaning up to smile at him. He really was in love. Sherlock smiled back, reaching his arm around John's shoulders and pulling him into his chest until John's head rested against his side.
It was silent for a moment, John simply watching Sherlock with utter admiration as he focused on nothing but the movie that was playing - the only one he had focused on all evening, for the matter.
"Probably" Mrs Hudson shrugged, placing the tray onto the coffee table and turning to Rosie "I'm actually about to pop into town to meet Molly for some lunch, would you like to come with me?"
She turned to her dad, John's eyes were soft as he returned the glance, he knew what he was doing was dangerous but he also knew that the consequences of sitting and doing nothing would be worse. "Be safe, please"
Sherlock stood up, his hands reaching up rub his eyes with an exhausted sigh. He turned to John, his eyes soft, something John saw little of. John could see him arguing with himself, his eyes flickering as he tried to deduce what to do next and not even John could predict it.
"When have I ever told you that it's your fault? Rosie, listen to me" John began, reaching over the kitchen side to grab her hands "I don't blame you for Mary- your mothers death, I don't blame anyone. It happened and it's sad but it's no ones fault. Your mother was able to give me you, that's all I could have ever asked for. Just because sometimes I want to do my own thing doesn't mean I don't bloody love you or I blame you for anything, it just means that you're at an age now where I'm able to give you some freedom and give myself some too"
"What a charming thought"
And by the time lunch had finished, Sherlock still continued to listen, paying the bill, ushering John out of the door and they didn't even notice that they were walking openly side by side in a busy London street. John hadn't realised he had been speaking for that long.
"Wait, dad didn't believe you?" She turned to John with a face of disgust "what is wrong with you?"
"Yes" John nodded, casually.
"Yes, well, you'll have to get used to it I'm afraid. I regret to inform you that we are both old now, John"
John nodded, his body was over-filled with emotion right now. He wasn't even sure how he was talking at the moment, maybe because it was Sherlock and he had wanted nothing more than to hear the egotistic bastards voice for so long that he waned to hold onto it forever.
It was silent again, this time Sherlock leaning his head back to look at John who shrugged his shoulders and after a minute or so, the laughter began to erupt from the two of them.
"God yes" John said without hesitation, admiring Sherlock's lips as they curved into a small smile. He stood up, standing in front of the taller man with cautious eyes, his hands went straight to the bottom of Sherlock's jumper, a tight grip as he pushed it up until he was pulling it from the top of his head and throwing it onto the sofa without a care, knowing that later Sherlock would most likely complain about how John had just thrown a stupidly expensive piece of clothing. His hands then went to the top of Sherlock's polo top, his fingers twiddling to free the buttons one by one, his eyes never leaving Sherlock's nervous ones "Are you sure about this, love?"
"Get out" John repeated, watching as he stood up and nodded a good-bye.
"Yes, John. Please, stop asking me"
"I want to do more, believe me I fucking do" John began explaining, licking his lips as he leant his head against Sherlock's "but I said slow, so slow it is"
"It was her idea" He shrugged, releasing John's hands from his own "but, very well"
"I can't have this conversation with you" John rolled his eyes "you said no more games! Why are you acting as though I can read your mind or feel your emotions?"
"Right" John lingered the word, completely unsure how they had got to this point.
The rest of the lunch was calm, there wasn't much conversation from Sherlock's side, it was strange to be in his company and not be over powered by him. He sat back, listening to John go on about how difficult it was raising Rosie, listening to the stories and memories that he had missed whilst away and he could see Sherlock taking it all in, bit by bit.
"Ah, dearest Molly, there was once a time you would have been over joyed by me barging into this room" Sherlock fired back.
"Does, I mean, do you think sometimes my dad doesn't like me? I mean, sometimes I think he resents me - because I remind him of mum and I'm scared that every time he looks at me he's just reminded of her and how sad it was" She asked, more of an admittance, her eyes slightly glazed over.
"That sounds perfect" Sherlock smiled sincerely, reaching out for the cup of tea that John had slid towards him "I told you, the game is on and I'm fully invested, I'll do anything"
Never did Sherlock Holmes ever believe he would become this - become, human.
"You're a bloody idiot" John lifted from Sherlock's lips "such a bloody, loveable, adorable, curly haired idiot and I love you"
"Thank you, Mycroft" John finally spoke, his lips turning to a smile, very uncommon when dealing with him.
"It really is rather funny how long it took the two of you to get to this point, hilarious even"
"Not my boyfriend" He shouted after her.
"You don't have to, not for now, at least. I feel as though we've had enough excitement for one day, don't you?"
"We need to talk about this, John" Mycroft spoke from inside the phone as John rushed to put his shoes on "there's a reason this occurred, you understand that?"
"And then, I told them about how Sherlock had shot loads of holes in the wall and they asked if you let me hold the gun so I told them you did"
Sherlock nodded, finally putting his phone into his pocket as he hailed for a taxi, his arm waving in the air in front of the black cab approaching them.
"Oh for goodness sake, Sherlock! Look at yourself" Mrs Hudson shouted, standing to her feet at a threatening stance, her eyes glaring at Sherlock until he stood down. His eyes softening slightly "you only have yourself to blame, you have never admitted this to him and he's never been the wiser of it - what did you expect to happen? He stay single forever and scurry round London solving crimes until you are both old and grey?"
"You're losing it, you're talking utter nonsense"
"I guess so" He shrugged, pulling the cover to his neck. "It was all very odd, so very odd"
"No she wouldn't" He snapped, cracking his neck "You're wrong - she loves me now, she cares for me, she wouldn't leave because of some stupid detective. He's been gone for years, she could live without"
"Honestly, Mr Trainer, I would not be worried. You have slightly shafting between your thighs, you're not going to die" John  explained, his eyes flickering between the clock and his irritating patient
"Wow"
"Rosie, please tell me you're getting ready" John shouted up the stairs for the tenth time in the past fifteen minutes, on the verge of losing his patience.
"- what do you mean?" John asked, suddenly panicked.
"Yes, thank you for that John. Can't say I don't agree with you, I rather like this edgy look. Shows that I may be older but boy do I get myself into some mad situations"
"No, John. I can assure you he's not high" She said softly, turning to look at Sherlock who's back was now facing the two of them as he stood by the window, looking defenceless.
"Right, so what has he got to do with Sherlock?"
"Oh, you think? Maybe I did too, that was until his phone just went off" John bitterly spoke.
"Yes?" John answered cautiously, turning around to lean against the counter.
"oh" John mouthed, a slight smile appearing on his lips as he turned round in his chair. "What the bloody hell are you doing here?"
"It's a difficult time in their life. I'm sure the fact she's growing up without her mother is just as difficult for her, also"
"I'm not going to admit it" he refused, crossing his arms over his chest "it's been years, I think maybe we should all just get over it. Rosie was bloody one when Sherlock up and left, she's now thirteen. That's twelve years here's been gone and he's not coming back. We could all mope around waiting and waiting but it would be a waste of time, that stubborn bastard will hide away until he's ready and knowing Sherlock bloody Holmes, it'll be the day we're all on our death bed"
"What about him?"
John nodded with a soft smile, pulling himself from the sofa. Both Sherlock and Rosie watched as he walked out of the living room, closing the door slightly behind him. Sherlock instantly looked at the TV, not quite sure what the movie was even about at this point.
"You dealt with this all like a dick Sherlock, you could have stayed, you do realise that? We could have came up with a plan together but as always you didn't even consider that option"
"No" John abruptly interrupted, another sigh falling from his lips "Mikes great but he's not my best friend. Look, Sherlock. This is the biggest and most important day of my life-"
"Well, last time you made me believe you were dead, Sherlock" John spoke with a harsh tone "but with the amount of time you've been gone, I think the easiest way to deal with it was to believe that maybe you were dead. At least then I wouldn't have to suffer the agonising wait of your return"
"Yes, well, you would"
"I want no part of it" Sherlock intervened "arrest him, for heavens sake. Stop allowing people to test me to my limits and allow me to run around London after some psychopath and actually do your jobs. You've been doing so for years, you don't need me now"
"As much as I love you, unfortunately, I can not find it in me to do that to him. He needs support right now, I feel as though I would only be betraying him by attending, John. I'm sorry, dear, I'm very sorry" Mrs Hudson sighed, her head shaking as the words left her lips.
"Really?" She nearly squealed "oh my god, yes, thank you dad! I've got to text the girls, they're all going to be so jealous"
"Hey, hey, hey" John quickly cooed, clearing the space between them to rest his hand on Sherlock's thigh. "Woah, calm down, okay? It's only me, why are you so scared? You could tell me anything, nothing surprises me anymore"
"but if I persue this, I could also likely lose my life John. There is no winning here - I'm not the man I once was, my mind isn't as strong. I would be putting you and Rosie in danger"
"Yes, alright Sherlock I get it" John rolled his eyes "Italian it is"
"He raised a good point" Sherlock defended.
And John was certain they must have looked incredibly awkward at this moment in time.
"Yeah, well, she doesn't have a normal sleeping pattern, does she? Remember she was once running a drug lords home. People never popped round in the day to pick a package, she would have to be up all night, just in case"
"I could tell from your uneasy breathing and the noticeable flush on your-"
"Jesus Christ, does everyone think Sherlock and I are in a bloody relationship?"
"Careful, its hot" Sherlock warned, watching John's fingertips dance along the China attempting to stop it from burning.
"I- I don't fucking know" John breathed out.
"I haven't got time for lies, Mrs Hudson. What is really going on here? Jesus... don't tell me he's high today? Not today"
"Just shut up, Sherlock" was all he could say, this time leaving the room, allowing his feet to carry him up the stairs to his own room.
"Always?"
"Work for it?" Sherlock tilted his head.
"I have waited, dreamed, of this day Sherlock. Everyone has always been right, I have always been hopelessly in love with you, Sherlock Holmes" John whispered, his hot breath against Sherlock's lips "so, if you would be so kind. I would very much like to kiss you"
"Remember when you were thrown in the bonfire? Much like the one Moriarty loved so much, finding it positively hilarious?"
"and you love him, yes? Not in the way you would have described many years ago, but differently now?"
Sherlock's hand followed lower, his finger tips practically grazing the waistband of his jeans. He was unaware if Sherlock knew what he was doing, knowing him, it was innocent, so unaware of how these sought of actions could affect people... Affect John.
"You bloody cock" John laughed huskily, taking Sherlock's hand in his own "she's not our bloody housekeeper"
" John spoke carefully, his free hand reaching up to cradle Sherlock's cheek, his thumb stroking in circles. "Don't let them get away with this"
"You should have told me to shut up!"
"Impossible" Sherlock rejected, shaking his head vigorously. "Not possible at all"
"How did you cope? You know, the man you loved loving someone else?" She asked.
"So, it was you who was thinking about it. So, maybe, you're the one who has always fancied your best friend?"
"Yes, you're not of the hook for keeping Rosie up until early hours, Sherlock" John said, creeping out from his hold. "She's not going to be able to concentrate at school unless she has a healthy eight hours sleep"
Lestrade began walking over to them, not wanting to make it public record "Gavin Butcher, he's thirty five and lives in Westminster. Recently divorced, also very recently bankrupt - wife ran off with the kids and the entire contents of his bank account"
She let out a whiny, upset noise before she stood up with a roll of her eyes "Next time you go on a case, stop acting like such a bloody married couple and do something middy interesting" and with that, she walked out of the room, slamming the door once again.
"Night Sherlock, thank you"
"Okay, okay. But, this can't all be about me"
He lifted the police tape for John, waiting until he had walked in before following. John head straight to the body, assessing the lifeless soul in front of him, it was routine now. John would assess time of death, cause and how it would have killed them and Sherlock would figure the finer details, the ones that would solve it.
"What? Jesus Christ, no, Rosie!" John shook his head trying to take in the conversation "I never, not even for a day, regret being a single father. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me and I'm not complaining, I'm just telling you that sometimes I need my own time as well"
The same situation had replayed repeatedly in his mind, spiralling him into exhaustion.
Mrs Hudson glanced over at him, her eyes soft as she peered at the suit, noting how handsome he looked and yet she couldn't help but thin how he was dressed for the wrong occasion, the wrong person, in fact.
John released himself from Sherlock's cock with a 'pop', using the back of his hand to wipe his mouth, he used his hands to move himself, leaning up slightly so he could hover over his chest, his lips turning into a smile as he watched Sherlock return to reality, his eyes dazed for a few seconds before they finally fully opened and he quickly lifted his hands up to pull John close, placing one last sloppy kiss against his.
"You barely showed any affection to her when she was first born and now you've managed to get a closer bond with her than I have in years, I just don't understand it, Sherlock" John spoke, baffled and confused all at the same time.
"Sherlock" John reached out, attempting to grab Sherlock's hand as he stood up but Sherlock quickly swiped his hand away.
"And it worked, I didn't see through his mask to begin with - I didn't understand, but I do this time, oh I do this time. Molly, she said early, it was her and her husbands anniversary, what name did she say, John?"
"I would love to stay" Sherlock quickly interrupted, smiling giddily at him.
"Of course"
"Yes, but I didn't expect them to be quite as good as they were. It was your own fault for staying and warching them" Sherlock defended, walking towards John.
"I did not" Sherlock argued, crossing his arms over his chest.
"Your father was an idiot, to say the least. He was absolutely incapable of concluding a detailed deduction, he would come up with the most ridiculous answers. He even doubted me for a while, can you believe it?"
His feet carried him to the front door, he lifted his fist considering knocking to begin with but his fingertips soon found the handle and he gripped it tightly, closing his eyes slightly, he knew that this was going to bring back a whirlwind of memories and he really wasn't ready for it. He sighed, pushing the handle down, opening it wide and taking a step inside.
"It's also the building you
"So, I can go home?"
"you know, now you two are fucking it's no fun anymore - I preferred it when it was John and I ganging up on Sherlock, not the two of you ganging up on me"
"The Notebook"
"What?" Sherlock's eyes widened, wary.
"I'm working on it" Sherlock spoke casually.
"You left me"
"What about him? As you can see, he's fine, he's the exact same person he was before" John said and it was true, he hadn't changed, even after all what was said - he was
"Yes" Mycroft nodded "and as much as I would like to listen to my dear brothers temper tantrum, I'm afraid that we must enlist both of your help. This isn't just a police case, this is a threat against Sherlock's life and the only two men who can fix that, is you two"
John let out a gentle moan, both from Sherlock's hand and the way he was looking at him so admiringly. His eyes clocked down, Sherlock's own cock tenting his jeans.
"because you leave, Sherlock. That's what you do best. You have this habit of deciding what's best for us before even consulting me and that usually ends with you leaving me and if this,
"The game is on, those were your words"
"Me? Me what?"
"Oh, John" Sherlock growled against his skin "would I ever concede such a thing?"
Sherlock nodded, taking a few steps out of the door for John to step out. He locked the door and they both head for the taxi that Sherlock had came in, sitting closely together in the backseat.
"Yes, but why? Why now? After all this time, it seems... pointless, don't you think?"
"He's such an arse" Greg muttered, turning to John. "So, how are things?"
"Ah, is she okay with that? I would have invited her but I thought this was more of a couple thing to do, without children"
"I would like to ensure that what I have deduced here is correct, even after the rush of last nights events, you still wish to have this?"
"Oh yes, way to keep it cheerful mate" John rolled his eyes, placing his wine glass down and inching in his seat to speak discretely to him "Pleaee remember that my thirteen year old daughter is here and the topic of death isn't really a good idea, okay?"
"You don't have to kill Sherlock" John cut in "we don't have to do any of this, you could live the life that your brother always dreamed of but was incapable of doing - Molly is at home, most likely waiting for your return, waiting to spend the last hour of your anniversary together. She wants you with her and you can do that, but if you harm either Sherlock or myself in any way then you're going to lose that freedom, the police will walk in here and either arrest or shoot you and you will leave Molly to mourn you like you mourned your own brother"
"You, what?" Sherlock's eyes widened, he peered down to see John's hands now placed on his knees, he pushed them a part and then pulled them so Sherlock lay flat.
, John and I will retreat back to his home and I'll be staying there until my flat is refurbished and then who knows, the world is very unreliable place. Anything could happen"
"Really? Shit - that's, well that's just a strange obsession, isn't it?" Lestrade asked, as he walked alongside Holmes and Watson towards St Barts.
John found himself sitting in his assigned seat, his food on his lap, not bothering to sit at the dining table - mostly because Sherlock had been doing some sort of experiment involving pigs blood and testicals and he didn't fancy excess blood scattering over his Calzone.
"To answer your first question, I don't know where I was, somewhere in India I believe, I didn't ask questions I just simply got on a plane and went wherever my brother requested. I only listened to him because I was lost, I have never felt at such a loss before in my entire existence. I allowed myself to lose my guard and in doing so, I stupidly turned to him"
"I can, actually" John laughed, pulling away and making room for Sherlock who was standing rather awkwardly in the door way. John turned to him and shot him a stern look, it took a few seconds until Sherlock gave in, rolling his eyes and removing his hands from his pockets.
"Oh, ever so. She could put us all in our place, she was the only woman to ever shut me up, in fact, she's the only person I'd listen to other than your father of course. She just knew the right thing to do all the time, she was so clever and I don't say that often other than to describe myself, of course"
"Yes, well, everyone does"
"I... I don't know" He frowned.
"It was - fine"
"How so? I just explained that, weren't you listening?"
"I hope we're not too late" was the last thing John said as he followed his daughters steps and out of the door.
"You're just going to sit there? This sort of thing only happens once in a lifetime Sherlock, the offer still stands" John pushed, he hated it when John acted with dominance it made him feel so small, yet, deep down, he loved it.
"I-" John began, falling back into his seat, his eyes still wide as he glared at the figure in front of him. He didn't know how to react, he had gone over this moment in his head over and over in the early days. Thinking about all the things he wanted to say to him but when it finally came to it, twelve years later, he was stunned. The speech he once prepared now vanished into a distant part of his brain "-this isn't real. I don't. Why, now? Why now? Twelve sodding years, Sherlock"
"I don't think it is anymore, I'm not really ready to get back into it nor do I believe I ever will be. Is it such a problem that I intend to just live? I may be inhumane at the best of times John, but even I would like a peaceful life at some point"
"So, why does he have you round all the time then?" She challenged.
"Cuddle?" John breathed out a chuckle, he soon stopped once he saw the innocent look in Sherlock's eyes, who was he to deny him.
"Sometimes, all someone needs is a shoulder to cry on, Sherlock. He misses his brother, not the one we know, the one he knows" John stated, turning into his side to look at him. "It was easy, all of it was so easy - why couldn't it all have been that easy all those years ago?"
"Jesus, dad, do you not watch the news? You and Sherlock are all over! I was checking Twitter at lunch and there's thousands of photos of the two of you"
"Pizza, I saw it on that twitter page" Sherlock shrugged.
"Dad, will you just let me get ready, Jesus Christ"
"I think it's time for bed, Rosie" John stated, now only one space away from Sherlock. "It's already half ten and you have school"
The only problem was, since their declarations, since they finally admitted how they felt, they hadn't discussed it since. Sherlock had gone straight back into detective mode the day after, as if the whole episode never happened.
"You get loads of time!"
"That's not possible, I'm not normal"
"yes, that's very good Sherlock. But that also goes for you as well - don't get yourself bloody killed now, not after all this time" she warned, as she embraced her dad in a hug, holding on tight just in case "promise you'll be okay?"
"Who'd have thought those words would leave Sherlock Holmes gob?" Lestrade scoffed.
"Okay" John nodded, un-doing the bottom button and quickly retrieving it from Sherlock's body, throwing it towards the sofa again. His eyes gazed at his body, the perfect sculpted muscles almost like they were drawn on, to utter perfection. Then he looked down, the belt sitting through the hoops on Sherlock's newly tight jeans, he gulped, he was about to see Sherlock completely naked and he wasn't sure if his body would be able to contain itself and Sherlock's intense stare wasn't helping matters - still, his hands smoothed their way over Sherlock's body until it reached his waist, he quickly went to work, both of their impatience showing as john struggled to undo the loop, after three attempts he had finally free Sherlock's body of the belt, whipping it from the loops and throwing it on the floor, quickly moving to Sherlock's button, freeing his thick hips and thighs from the tight material, he looked at Sherlock once more, silently asking as Sherlock nodded an answer, he quickly pulled the jeans from the waist until they were at his ankles, where Sherlock flicked them from his legs, kicking them away. And there he was, stood in his boxers, feeling extremely vulnerable in front of what was once his platonic best friend, it was then that suddenly it felt real. John's stomach was in pieces, the butterflies running round his body like a swarm.
And John grinned at that, an evil yet satisfied smile that Sherlock couldn't even bare to make a comment about. Instead, he watched as John slid down slightly, his hands at work to undo his belt, soon his button and then his zip and as he practically yanked at the material, he had never thought this was a sight he would see.
Lestrade took the hint and nodded "Right, yes, sorry pal. So, what happens now?"
"I deduced you would be - an out of character move from a close friend is out of expectations and that would result in shock, confusion and-"
She stepped over the shoes that John had flicked off his feet without a second thought, assuming that this was his home once again. It was a habit.
"Bed? It's six, John. You don't usually sleep until around ten, after you have dozed in your chair for ten minutes of course"
"Only for you"
"touché" John grinned as he walked into the room behind him, he walked straight past Sherlock and over to Molly, embracing her in a hug "Hello"
Sherlock had wandered off by this point, standing by the door but as Molly spoke, his eyes peeked up, looking over at the two of them - knowing fine well that neither he or John could really promise that.
"What? How?"
"But why? I forgave you. In fact, I forgave you sooner than I thought I would. Because, I realised it wasn't your fault"
He sighed, placing his phone onto the counter behind him and lifted his hands to rub his eyes. Rosie had been none stop since she had met sherlock, assuming she was some sort of royalty because he was her Godfather. He was stressed, to say the least.
"Like I would ever go to somewhere like Benidrom" Sherlock frowned at the idea "I would much prefer somewhere hotter and more exotic"
"When you love someone very much, you wait for them, no matter how long that takes. I loved your mother dearly and if she made him happy then that's all what matters to me"
"No, not at all. Rosie won't be back home until at least five anyway which gives me plenty of time to stay here for a while and drive back in time to see her in"
He couldn't even fathom this situation out in his head, he simply left, knowing no other way to deal with this all - his feet dragged him down the stairs, although his mind was failing him. And as his feet hit the bottom step, he was faced with Mrs Hudson, leaning against the wall by the front door.
Sherlock stilled, suddenly taking a step back until his feet hit the back of the sofa and soon his body fell, falling onto his arse. No, definitely cannot do this, cannot cope, cannot -
"I just... I don't know" Sherlock answered honestly "I said I wasn't capable anymore, I just couldn't find that part of my mind, it wasn't switched on this time, I had no idea how to get out of it - I was lost"
"Why do I feel this way? It's a human emotion I gladly deleted years ago, something I never wished to endure - why has it released? My mind never allows time for stupid emotions, how did this happen without me realising?"
"How on earth-" John's voice faltered, he had only been with Sherlock for a few hours, how earth had his daughter figured this out.
"Fine? It was your only day off, wasn't it?"
Sherlock closed his eyes for a second, his fear of blood evident, as much as he attempted to hide it, John always noticed "right, shall we?".
"I just don't understand, none of it - I don't even understand why we have to deal with this"
"That's not the real world John, that's just life"
"You should start planning one when you get home" Lestrade teased.
"No, well, I didn't expect it to last long. You know how journalists and paparazzi are, they're like leeches, they probably stuck to us the moment they saw you near Baker Street and put one and one together"
"I... what?" Craig frowned, his posture calming.
"I told you I wasn't going to be doing that anymore" Sherlock snaps, noting his stance and taking a few steps away from John.
"No, it is" John frowned, pointing a finger at him "it is. And I want to be up there with the two people that I love and care about most in the world"
John's arms reached around Sherlock's waist, repeating his actions from the night before, pulling him until he was sat on his heels, his thigh's wrapped around John's, there was no height difference like this, no dominance, nothing - they just attached to one another like glue. Sherlock's fingers moved to john's hair, his fingertips pulling slightly on the strands of hair until a raspy groan escaped his lips, vibrating against Sherlock's.
"The game is on, John Watson" Sherlock spoke softly, a slight smile on his lips as he revealed his hands that were holding a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of Jack Daniels "I was unsure of what gifts men liked to receive from their potential lovers, I bought the flowers because they seem to be the common thing to buy but the Jack Daniels was purely bought to make this gift seem more, well, manly"
"This isn't very slow, John" Sherlock mumbled against his lips.
"You assume I'm living in my brothers shadow, as if that would be upsetting - however, that's exactly what you've been doing for years, isn't it? Living under the shadow of the great Sherlcok Holmes"
He sniffled, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand as he heard the stairs creak, he wanted it to be Sherlock, he always did, but from the sound of tea wear clattering, he knew that it was Mrs Hudson, right on cue to offer him some tea and some company.
"No, I didn't. I couldn't bare to let it go to anyone else, if I'm honest" She said, stirring the milk into the tea cups "it felt wrong, you know? I couldn't bare to live with anyone else"
"John, can you not just believe me, just this once? I can assure you, I'm telling the truth, I really am" he pleaded.
"Love is a very funny thing, Sherlock. No matter who you are and no matter how brilliant your mind is, it creeps up on you and eventually it hits you with all its might - it just happens, that it had waited until now to escape"
He sighed, edging in his seat as he held his hands out to grasp onto John's.
"Or because he's in love with you, that's what Mrs Hudson said any-"
Greg waltzed off ahead of them and John and Sherlock turned to look at each other, both shrugging their shoulders.
"I'm sorry, have I done something to offend you Mrs H?" He was baffled, well and truly.
"Molly, it's Molly, John"
"You look handsome" John blurted out, still scanning over his appearance "Who knew you could look so good whilst dressing casually?"
"And how will you feel?" John asked, only a step away from him now, just far enough to reach out and pull the man into him but he waited, wanting to gain his trust "if you did?"
"It's obvious - the man is an extremist, totally and utterly fantasies about the possibilities of damage that fire can cause, utterly obsessed. He's obsessed with me, obsessed with his brothers dying wish except he's not as clever, no where near as smart, he is the younger brother - the child that didn't quite live up to his brothers intelligence and now he's fighting for some sort of bloody pride from this, he's a sadistic, disgusting excuse for a man - not eve a man, he's a boy"
He didn't know what to do, he however, did not expect to find himself calling the person he was. Probably not the best idea.
She turned to John, his mouth slightly open, his eyes wide and she deduced that was what she must have looked like when she first saw him.
"Noon?"
"Yes" Sherlock shrugged "Do you like it? I researched on twitter yesterday evening for hours until discovering an account named Relationship goals and that's where I found this idea"
John nodded, it was all any of them wanted, they wanted this evil excuse of a person to pay for what he had done to their friend, their family - no matter the cost.
They arrived at the scene, the first floor of London's biggest NatWest bank - the whole floor cut off with police tape and wire, John stood beside Sherlock as they looked at the victim.
"What were you just saying?" John scoffed, waving the phone in front of Sherlock before answering it and putting it to his ear "Hello? I hope this is important, I'm currently wrapped around your younger brother and it really is a tedious time to be calling"
"You were amazing" Sherlock spoke blatantly, his voice still bewildered as he looked at John with nothing other than fondness "I don't know how you did that, but you did"
"Why can't you sort this? Actually, why haven't you sorted it? It's been a week and a half since you told us about it and you've allowed him to do this" John accused "- what exactly is your job, Mycroft? Why does it always come down to Sherlock to fight your bloody battles? You're the government for fuck sake"
He knew that Sherlock wasn't coming back, even Mrs Hudson knew, he knew that it was time to stop this. But even if he did, much like Sherlock said, he would always be in his heart.
"What do you think?"
"I've had so many people come and ask me if my dad was the real John Watson, to begin with I wondered what the hell they were on about, until I googled your name for the first time. First article that came up was your blog, dad"
"Very well, I think you best go and find the man you missed so dearly. Don't you?"
"Has someone hurt you?" John assumed, his eyes furrowing slightly at the thought of anyone hurting his Sherlock.
Sherlock had no idea what he was doing, that was evident to them both but as John pushed down into his lap in a force for friction, Sherlock instantly met his movement. The low moan that escaped his lips was enough for John to cum on the spot although he didn't ( even if he was old and it was probably expected ), to hear the detective unravel beneath him was like nothing else.
He rolled his eyes "I know. Which makes killing you all the more boring - Jim told me it would be fun, he said I'd be a legend for it. But no one seems to care about Sherlock Holmes and John Watson anymore, you're not solving crimes anymore"
' over and over. "I never know if I'm safe with you, sherlock. I need to know that I will be"
"No buts, no nothing, oh for goodness sake. You bloody boys are like two school kids" she rolled her eyes, leaning back in her chair looking exhausted from the situation "everyone knows that you two can't live without one another yet you two seem to be the only ones who don't know that. For heavens sake John, your boyfriend buggared off seven months ago and you've done nothing"
"Didn't seem right to. Seeing as we're here, would you like to come in? After all, it is as much your home as it is mine"
"No, you are. You're gifted, yes. But you're also normal, just like everyone else. And it's time you experienced that"
"Are you hungry now? Or would you like to wait? I could always order for us both or-"
Here he was, hunched over slightly, a crumpled excuse of a letter in his fingertips where it had been most of the time, his eyes scanning over the marksmanship of his best friends excuse for handwriting. He had examined every scribble, spelling mistake and spillage on the paper, trying to understand what Sherlock would have had to gone through to write this.
Sherlock's breathing seemed to simmer from the touch of John's hand, almost like it sent a wave of relief over his body. It shouldn't have, considering he was the cause of this all.
"It would be less, if you answered your bloody phone every once and a while"
"Oh? And why is that? Because little John Watson would save the day?"
"Wait, what?"
"Indefinitely, John. I'm not going anywhere" Sherlock spoke and the way his voice cracked, John took it as a promise, he knew that Sherlock's idea of a promise was never to be trusted but as ever, he let his naivety win, accepting that as a valid answer.
"Hardly"
"So, like Moriarty, we wait until he comes to you? That he inevitably will?" John mumbled, his head resting against Sherlock's chest, this was comfort, this was home.
"If you want we could pop to Baker Street tomorrow? We could meet up with him, have a cup of tea and then you can stop badgering on at me about meeting him" He reluctantly spoke.
"I have calculated 4 possible outcomes and they all end with John and I together so I have no doubt that one day he'll stop denying it"
"Yeah, at night sometimes. I just like to read about it all, I read them a lot when dad got me my first laptop when I was 10, I searched his name randomly and it was the first thing that came up - I never told him. Didn't want him to think I was snooping" She admitted, sighing before continuing "- he just never tells me anything, you know? It's like before you came back he wanted to keep all of that in the past, he doesn't even mention my mum, like at all"
"Good Afternoon, bare with me a minute I'm just getting your notes up so I can see how I can help you today" He said, absentmindedly waving towards the chair for them to sit.
"Well, that's because he's dead" He spoke firmly, leaning against the desk. "Killed himself, you saw it didn't you? Bullet, right through his brain. Easy way to go, I expected more from him - he always spoke about wanting to feel death and yet he did it the easy way"
Lunch. Sherlock didn't eat at the best of times however it had been him who suggested that their friends and the two of them should go for lunch, a celebration of Mrs hudson's return from hospital, a few grazes, a skin graft to her leg and a bruise the size of England around her wrist - but, still a badass, nonetheless.
"I-" John began but was interrupted as Sherlock finally spoke again.
"Yes, that is obvious. I told you to think"
He was aware of the circumstances, that was extremely sure, the idea had been playing on repeat in his mind repeatedly. He couldn't understand why to begin with, which was also an unfamiliar feeling but as the detective he was, he was able to figure it out.
"Bloody days?" Rosie spat her cereal from her mouth, both noticed how it fell onto Sherlock's arm and John was physically frozen, unsure how he would react, being wary was necessary when he was in detective mode.
"Sherlock, I just legged it from my wedding to tell you I loved you and you ask if I'm still with her?" John chuckled "no, you silly git. I'm not with her, I'm all yours, always"
"Thanks mate" John laughed, still finding the compliment side of their 'friendship' kind of awkward "Shall we?"
"Tedious. Mr Bowler was an absolute idiot, once again. Accused me of cheating on my test when in fact, I was the one who finished the test first" She wailed, walking past her dad and into kitchen, now dressed in her pyjamas "He really does have a cheek, doesn't he?"
"What?" Sherlock asked, tilting his head, for once, not understanding.
Sherlock exhaled, opening his eyes once more to look at him "Well, the thing is, I am actually absolutely, incredibly, stupidly in love with you John Watson and the idea of giving you away to another is something my heart cannot take, I wish to not endure pain like that"
John held him, a sigh escaping his lips, he'd done it, there was no gun shots, no wounds, no pain, no deaths, they'd done it, in less than half an hour. Nothing but themselves and a very pained and heart-broken man, but it was done. He peered up, his eyes gazing at Sherlock who watched with wide eyes, taking in the scene in front of him and he smiled, a soft, gentle smile and nodded. They'd done it.
"It won't last" John argues.
"Yes, well, he certainly won't be if you spend all your time sulking in here"
"She's -
"Yes, I do. Go away"
"She sounds so cool" She smiled softly but it soon faded, as she twiddled her thumbs on her lap "can I - can I ask one more thing?"
The words sent a shiver down Sherlock's spine, the words were like music to his ears, a sweet sympathy consisting only of
"Would you have? Really?" He asked, not quite convinced, clearly.
And then another reply.
"This isn't fair"
"I do apologise for not visiting often, with Rosie and work and life, it all just got on top of me. To be honest, I've been too busy living in the real world to return"
"I was going to. When I returned the last time, I came back to tell you how I felt but when I got there you were with Mary and I couldn't allow myself to jeopardise that, not at all"
"No, not at all" he refused.
"Yes, well, some of us sleep during early hours of the morning" John defended, reaching out to embrace her in a meaningful hug "how are you?"
"Yes, yes, please. I'm afraid you should, yes" were the words that escaped his lips.
"Oh god, what's he done?"
"He ruined him, ridiculed him, attempted to ruin his entire life"
"oh, don't forget a busy day of travelling as you're both shipping me off to my Nan's"
"What time did Greg say he would be here?"
"Obviously, John" Sherlock snapped, turning to glare at him as though he had just spoke the most unforgettable sentence "- why can't I figure it out? Why?" He shouted, throwing a knife towards the wall once more in anger.
"I see" John said, although he wasn't entirely sure. He was still baffled "if you did like me, why did you not act sooner?"
He turned to Sherlock, his arms open wide and John could have laughed as Sherlock rolled his eyes and yet, still allowed Greg to hug him much to his distraught.
"Oh look at you! You've got your mothers eyes, hasn't she John? Spitting image of our Mary"
"I am cooking us dinner as we speak" Sherlock smiled proudly "I thought it would be nice"
"Are you both upstairs?" John's voice was clear, his footsteps heard after, one step after the other and she knew he would walk into this scene eventually.
Rosie leant over, kissing her dad on the cheek before she followed Mrs Hudson out of the flat whilst asking if she really did used to be married to a drug cartel leader.
He was definitely a forty year old man with a school boy crush.
He waited until he was certain Mrs Hudson had left and then, slowly and cautiously, he lifted his body, his back shifting until it hit the headrest. His eyes beamed up to look at the man in front of him, his suit that was once ironed and worn to perfection now only a slightly open white shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his smart trousers. His once perfectly styled hair now falling over his forehead as though he had been running his fingers through them notoriously, Sherlock noted his breathing, unsteady - had he been running?
"He's not my boyfriend" He quickly argued.
John stared in wonder, listening to Sherlock say the words sorry over and over again were like a sympathy to his ears "-and I can assure you, John Watson, I hadn't stopped thinking about you since the day I left"
"Because - I miss him, I miss the way he looks, the way he smells, the way he frowns at me all the time because I'm making a human error mistake or the way he would go on and on at me to stop putting severed heads inside the fridge. I miss him, Mycroft. I miss John"
"You were more than blunt a few moments ago, who knew you could swear so much?"
"That's rather silly, don't you think?" John finally spoke, usually so keen to keep his mouth shut it came as a shock to both him and Sherlock "to constantly live under your brothers shadow? Surely you want to be known for yourself and not your brother?"
"Oh god, yes, please don't let him wait"
"I don't know" he spoke cautiously, he could see her eyes practically begging him and he was stuck "maybe, not yet, but soon. Sherlock and I have a lot to work through. I don't know what kind of state he's in at the minute both physically and emotionally and I don't want to bring him here if he's not planning on staying"
"Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson spoke, this time soft, her voice faint, obviously standing in the door way and simply observing him. "Oh, what ever is the matter, sweetheart? Why are you... Are you okay?"
"I suppose she just wanted to speak to someone who wasn't her father?" Sherlock suggested, shrugging his shoulders as he turned his body slightly to look at John.
"What on earth are you spouting now? Don't you have a tea to make? Or a house to clean?"
"I think you underestimate the younger generation, John. If anything, she would likely be more accepting"
"We needed you with Moriarty, we need you now" Greg stated.
"Hello, brother mine. I do hope you've enjoyed your retirement - I however, have not. I have been attempting to call you for an hour now, both myself and our parents were worried for your life"
"Very well, we'll just have to wing it" Sherlock spoke firmly, John was still struggling to catch his breath, Sherlock gave him no time - instead, Sherlock thrusted his hips up to John's arse, like he was proving to him that he too was beyond aroused at the moment.
"You smell like a spring forest" John mumbled into Sherlock's hair, planting a kiss into his curly locks.
"I'm sorry for how you have felt, I too did feel that way and I would never wish that on another, especially the person I find myself infatuated with" He apologised, sincerely.
"You fool" she laughed, leaning back to swat John on his arm "how's Rosie?"
"Does this mean we can cuddle on the couch and watch soppy movies like other clichè couples?" Sherlock asked, cocking an eyebrow as John lifted himself up to look at him.
"I guess life?" John shrugged.
"Were you not aware of my presence when our devil sister marked revenge? Or were you to bewildered by my brothers magnificence to even notice?" Mycroft fired back, a knowing look in his eyes as he sat on the stool opposite.
And with that he was gone. Sherlock had heard the front door close from beneath him, all he could do was grasp onto his pillow tight, his knees nearly reaching his chin as he curled up tightly, the only sound then elevating through the flat were his sobs, quiet yet hurtful.
"What?"
"So, why are you huddled down at my feet? Why aren't you standing up to face him?"
"She could have been ours, Sherlock. We still would have had Rosie, somehow"
"It's fine"
"Then we'll leave" Sherlock spoke firmly, his grip still tight on John's hand "- John, Rosie and I will leave until you have fixed this"
"I don't know, John. All I know is he's coming, he's coming for us"
"Sherlock, we're all over the news" he spoke directly to him this time, his eyes wide as they watched Sherlock just shrug effortlessly. He rolled his eyes, turning his attention back on to Rosie "okay, it's fine, just concentrate on school and I'll see you later"
Rosie smiled, following her dad up the famous stairs that he had written about so often, admiring the holes along the wall, the scuffs on the stair case and finding comfort in the fact this was where her dad was happiest.
"I have arranged for yourself and I to go to a party this evening"
They stayed silent from then on until they had finished their food, Sherlock had joined John in the sitting room, sitting opposite him, however not bothering to notice his existence as his eyes focused on his phone screen, as always.
"I know" John chuckled lightly, leaning against the kitchen side with his cup in hand "this is all so strange, isn't it?"
"Rosie" John said, putting an arm around her waist and bringing her forward "This is Mrs Hudson, you actually know her, she baby sat you a hell of a lot"
"It's not as hard as I thought, when it comes to you, it's rather easy" Sherlock admitted "I'm too comfortable around you to feel uncomfortable"
"I confided in Irene, she supposed I wait until you were ready to speak about it, be as cold as I possibly could so you would finally make the first move in all of this - god, I knew she was wrong. Bloody criminals these days, they truly cannot be trusted" He spoke clearly, his head lifting from his hands.
Sherlock silenced, his lips parting slightly to argue but he knew better. He didn't want to jeopardise his time with John, he had, after all, been waiting for him for a long time.
"I was going to say - yes, that's exactly what I wanted to tell you" Sherlock spoke, his voice so little and so fragile as if to admit it was going to jeopardise everything.
John nodded, it was still strange to be seeing him off as he went to work, a real job, where he actually had to do things he was asked, but for some reason, Sherlock enjoyed it.
"Ah, the domestic life suits you" Mycroft noted, he was simply stood taking in the situation.
"I see" Sherlock nodded, hiding his smile.
"her mother, you mean, Mary? Who was so bewildered that you both got married in the first place because she was certain you and I were going to elope the night before the wedding?"
"This wasn't a trick. We weren't trying to catch you off guard, you just got so riffled up when I mentioned him, I wasn't expecting that" Mrs H admitted, bowing her head slightly "I didn't know how else to get you here"
John was going to answer but couldn't, he felt Sherlock's body move from behind him and within seconds he was hovering over his body, his hands either side of his head. He peered up, noting Sherlock's flushed skin, lust filled eyes and swollen lips and dear god, John was utterly in love. He reached his hand up, gripping the back of his neck and pulled him down, crushing his lips into his own. Sherlock darted his tongue, parting John's lips and he was now kissing him so hungrily, as though all he wanted was to entwine himself within John.
"Maybe we should" Sherlock suggested to John who simply watched and smiled, he couldn't believe how lucky he was.
"No, but how were you supposed to know? You were so bewildered by your brothers wish that you didn't think of the repercussions"
"What do you want to do?" John whispered into Sherlock's ear, his hot breath sending a cold shiver through his body.
Sherlock kept his arm firmly around John's shoulders, his gaze drifting away, obviously thinking, deeply - John was sat awkwardly, just waiting for the moment Sherlock would snap out of it with some comment he wouldn't understand, but a minute passed, then another and then another until his arm was heavy on his shoulder and John became uncomfortable.
"And what about Sherlock Holmes?"
He was in two minds about today, even when he had stepped out of his car and had began his walk down to the small restaurant down the street. He knew that he should have acted differently yesterday, maybe threw a few bottles, head butted Sherlock a few times, even punched him, but when it came to it, he saw no need for it. Not this time. He was so full with gratitude that his best friend was still alive and well that the idea of throwing punches and lunging for him seemed pointless. But it did not defy the fact that he was more than a little pissed off at him. And he was certainly not going to forgive him that easily.
"You were worried? You track my every move, Mycroft. Surely you knew I was at John's?"
John just hummed an agreement, sitting back and folding the letter between his hands. He looked up at Mrs Hudson, her eyes were full of sadness when they saw him, he knew it was pity, pity that his best friend had just upped and left him with nothing but a simple fucking letter for a reason. He couldn't blamed her, he'd probably react the same.
"Wow, who are you and what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?"
"I know, neither do I. But, that's our life, we have to deal with this now or else end up risking a lot more, you know that. You also know that he could walk through that door at any moment and instead of worrying about it, you need to be ready to deal with this"
"He's especially more determined than Jim, that is clear. He really worked for this moment, he knew we'd approach Molly when we returned and he knew that Molly would come home to him and tell him all she has seen, she would have told him everything"
"I was just" He starts and stops, rolling his eyes at himself, clearly growing frustrated "- could we cuddle?"
"You forgive me?" Sherlock questioned, his eyes furrowed as if confused by John's calm state.
"I- I can't say it" Sherlock whispered once more, John could feel Sherlock's worry trace through his voice.
"Me too" John managed to choke out.
"Because, if what I have deduced is true. You might just feel the same as I do"
"Is everything you wrote true?" She asked, looking at her dad for an answer. And John didn't know what to say, he didn't know if he really wanted his daughter to know that he did in fact shoot someone, have a bomb strapped around his waist and yes, he did actually get trapped in a well and nearly drown to death.
Sherlock stifled in a laugh as he took a sip of his tea, his eyes peering over his cup to look at John. And really, he to couldn't quite believe it. If he were to even think about this situation around ten years ago he would deduce it as nothing more than boring, dull and tedious.
"You're very welcome, Doctor Wa- John. I hope you both enjoy the rest of your day" He forced a smile, it was uncomfortable for all involved. He nodded, turning his back to them both, just as he reached the door he quickly turned back "Ah, I feel I should mention-"
"What is it then?" John asked, his hand still placed on his thigh as though it belonged there in some way or another.
"I know, it's okay, I understand, you need to let your brain adjust or you're going to put yourself into over drive and then you won't be able to figure out anything, just calm, love"
"A woman, our friend, Mrs Hudson, she was inside our flat when you blazed it, she is now suffering, fighting for her life in hospital"
The words hit John like a tonne of bricks all at once, it amazed him that the idea of Mary not being there hadn't even crossed his mind. Not even once. Not that he didn't think about her, of course he did, every now and then when he was low. Sometimes, he'd even speak to her, he'd sit in bed sometimes just talking to her as if she could hear. But he didn't think about Rosie, Jesus, she didn't even know her, she was a mere few months old when she died. The only memory she has is a few photographs.
"At least someone else agrees" Sherlock smiled behind his mug, glancing at John.
"I mean, if you don't want me to" John said, lifting his head up, batting his eyelashes so sweetly. And if Sherlock wasn't sure about this before, he was certain of it now. "Do you want me to suck your dick, Sherlock?"
Sherlock's breathing visibly changed, he had only just regained his composure but now his chest was heaving, he was not in control and he didn't know how to deal with such an emotion. He could feel John, not from touch but by his presence and he certainly didn't know how to react to this.
"John, to even kiss you is a dream. I have never felt such serenity before in my life, I would wait for years if only you could promise me a kiss"
"Maybe not a garroter"
"Please, yes" Sherlock babbled, soon realising how desperate he seemed, he choked out a quick "If we must" as though to disguise his obvious need. John grinned, his free hand gripping the back of his neck to pull his lips onto his own, his own tongue parting Sherlock's lips to find his, he hummed a moan against Sherlock, admiring how they must have looked to anyone who walked in at that very moment. "Hold on" Sherlock suddenly said, reluctantly removing himself from John's lap and standing in front of him with wary eyes, biting on his lower lip. John watched, confused mainly, unsure if Sherlock actually understood what they were supposed to be doing right now.
John barely drove, except the past three days, it's the first few times in months that he's needed to drive anywhere. The Doctors office was only a 5 minute walk from his house, Rosie took the bus to school and if they were going anywhere they would usually grab a taxi or ride the tube. But today, he had Rosie in the car with him and they were taking the twenty minute drive into London. To say he was nervous was an understatement, he didn't know what to expect.
"If you even try and make yourself sick I can assure you that when you do get home your phone will be locked away in the draw for the rest of the week, that goes for your laptop too"
"Sit" Mrs Hudson spoke firmly, nodding her head towards the free side of the sofa.
Sherlock sighed, his shoulders slumping, he most definitely hated this sort of interaction "John, I care for you very much. And I enjoyed what happened the other day, very much. And I hope, you feel the same"
"Yes, yes, fine" Sherlock nodded, although it was clear he was nervous and that was something he had never seen before.
"Good"
Molly left shortly after, John had been sat in the corner watching as Sherlock consulted with the officers, soon enough being joined by Mycroft and a bunch of official looking men, he kept himself to himself, watching it unfold around him - he couldn't help it, as confidence as he wanted to be, he was scared, worried even, worried for his life, worried for Sherlock's life and worried for the life Rosie would leave without neither her father or mother. But he also knew it needed to be done and that was all the motivation he needed.
"What now?" Lestrade urged, rolling his eyes at the ridiculous man.
Mycroft was silent for a second, his lips opening and closing repeatedly until finally he spoke "I... Well, I wish you both the best. You definitely deserve it, happiness is very much earned by the both of you"
"I don't want you to become bored, John. I understand my nerves may become frustrating, especially as you have been sexually active for many years and-"
"Ah" John begins, placing his cup down to peer at his watch "in an hour or so, I think. Her Nan said she's been badgering her ears off since she arrived, going on and on about how her dad gets to go out and solve crimes whilst she has to sit watching her Nan knit and we all just hate her to make her endure that"
"I don't know-" John stopped, peering down at his watch for a second. He still had hours, Rosie was going to her aunts after school so he didn't really have to be home until this evening. Yet, he felt like a stop out already, he had spent two whole days out of the house which was an achievement for him these days. He was usually much lazier. "Okay, I can pop in for a little bit"
"She seemed excited" Sherlock noted.
"It must be hard for you, too"
"And, so, that's it?" Sherlock asked "you're not with her anymore?"
"Worth a shot" John shrugged, leaning back with a exhale of breath.
Sherlock let out a sigh, closing his eyes trying to rid of the memory. John just nodded, listening carefully, taking in the life of Moriarty. His killing of somebody wasn't a shock, but the idea that he was actually a human being at some point, really was. There was a life behind the demon.
"Yeah, right" She rolled her eyes, opening the front door and disappearing shortly after with a slam of the door.
"- that is not reality, Sherlock. You knew this would happen, we all did, you cannot expect John to wait around forever - and he didn't, he finally found someone who you didn't scare away, as much as you wanted to. Someone who would allow him to buggar off in the middle of the night to chase criminals with you and now he has, you know that there's no going back"
"Check my wallet" John said, waving over to the living room. He left her to it, walking back into the kitchen "Sorry Greg"
"you should teach your boyfriend some manners, John" Molly mumbled, pulling away from him shortly.
"Ah, well, you see, the thing is, dear" She babbled, pulling her arms from Sherlock to hold him up straight. He simply turned his head, sniffling a little bit "Sherlock isn't feeling too well, I think he's come down with a cold, yeah, some sort of man flu - he's feeling a little sorry for himself, much like any man with a cold"
Of course, John should have expected it, Sherlock was very able to build a wall around himself to protect not only himself but his feelings. But, even so, John couldn't help but hurt. He knew that doing this would be difficult, he knew the man he loved and knew how hard it would be for him to simply move into a relationship. But after a month, he hoped that maybe they would have made some progress - and, well, watching him flurry around the flat like an absolute god, didn't help.
And that - was jealously.
"Do not contaminate my daughter with your delusions, Mrs Hudson" John warned.
"I mean, losing Sherlock as well"
"What are you saying?"
"We've got time"
"You should leave, you're going to be late for work" John glanced at the clock, grabbing Sherlock's wallet from the side to slide over to him. "Have you got everything?"
"Doesn't she?" Sherlock asked, his eyes furrowed "she told me which flowers to buy"
He took a deep breath, his fists clenching as he took the first step into the silent room. He looked up at Sherlock who slowly peered up at him, he dropped his phone onto his lap as he moved his hands into the pyramid shape and rested his index fingers on his lips. He was assessing the situation, John knew that.
"Finally" Mrs Hudson said, rather over-dramatically, waving her hands about as though she had been waiting months let alone hours. "You know, I've been awake six hours and they haven't even offered me a bloody cup of tea"
"Why are you here?" Sherlock finally asked, bored of the conversation.
"Oh shut up, you daft prick. I love it, it's adorable even if we are in our forty's and this is something for people in their tween's" John smiled softly "it's a lovely idea, and is that food I smell? Please tell me you haven't cooked?"
"Bad way with people?" He laughed lightly "You see, Sherlock has an incredible mind. I've known him for a very long time, I lived with him and spent nearly all my time with him so I've learnt how to deal with it - you may get a little over whelmed by him but just remember that he doesn't know what he's doing half the time"
"Shut up" John interrupted, still smiling as he stood up and walked towards him, wrapping his arms around his waist "They're perfect"
John grinned "Oh, the horror" he swept in and out of the chairs that stood in his way until he reached her bed side, he quickly leaned down and embraced her in the tightest hug he could possibly give someone, just wanting to feel that she was really there, alive and well.
"Oh don't have a bloody heart attack, it's just a statement. You can't even see them - I bought them at urban outfitters"
"Now, if you don't mind" Sherlock choked out, reaching the back of his hand to wipe the tears from below his eyes "I would like to retreat back to my room and forget this happened"
"Hm, I know" Sherlock agreed, humming into the feel of John's fingers.
"I'm afraid that Mrs Hudson was retrieved from her kitchen half an hour ago and was rushed to St John's, she is unconscious at the moment due to the fumes - however, she is alive but her condition is unknown"
"What do you mean?"
"Shut up Sherlock, please" John rolled his eyes, one hand reaching up to lean on the door frame, the other pinching at his nose. "Look, I have just ran all the way from the station - no fucking taxi would pick me up, I'm exhausted"
The name sent shivers down the spines of everyone in that room, Moriarty was a name that most definitely hadn't been mentioned in all that time. It was like a wave of fear had affected them all, but most of all, John, his eyes were wide, his confusion obvious but nonetheless, he turned to Sherlock for an answer but it was clear not even he, knew what was happening.
Sherlock nodded so John scooped a spoonful from the foil packet and, holding a hand under it to catch drips, he offered it to him.
He looked at Sherlock and said urgently, “The fact we both aren’t dead right now means they want you alive, which means they’re CIA.” His tone softened but was no less urgent, “Sherlock, you’ll be fine. Just do exactly as I say, alright? I’ll get you through this.”
But as he looked down at John, naked and vulnerable beneath him, perhaps it was the recent surgical scar on John’s belly or the shocking sight of other older scars, small but noticeable on his otherwise smooth skin… Sherlock wasn’t sure which, but sanity returned with a blow and he pulled off of John, alarmed by his own aggression. He drew John close and whispered apologies and reassurance to him, wanting only to offer comfort and love. This was before he realized that John was still straining hard against him and begging, “Sherlock, no, I wanted you! Please don’t go, Sherlock!”
Pride glowing in his face he exclaimed, "December! That's brilliant!" Holding the boy close to his chest, he looked at John across December's sandy coloured head, neat with the exception of several unruly tufts, with an expression of such tenderness on his face that John, his throat suddenly too constricted to speak, could only smile and nod.
When he answered, Sherlock sounded surprised at himself, “It is…it makes me feel…good...” He added hastily, “I don’t mean I want to do anything with you, because I don’t.  But it makes me feel good to know you are…attracted to me.  Even though it makes me uncomfortable as well…”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded and continued, his voice tragic, "I kept begging Geoffrey to stay with me, promising that I would take care of him and that we would be okay, we'd both be okay, but it didn't work, he couldn't, he just…couldn't…"
Mrs. Hudson had tut-tutted over John's story when Sherlock had told her about him and proceeded to throw herself into making his arrival as welcoming as possible. She had had her own experiences with a bad marriage and so was most sympathetic to John's situation.
“Yes he is,” said John, now within feet of them, and raised his pistol to shoot Ed in the stomach. And when Ed lurched back under the force of the bullet and looked up at John in bewildered surprise, John shot him again, this time in the forehead.
Lestrade looked up in surprise, regretting his good-natured chaffing. "It's no problem John; really, Sherlock knows I'm trying to cut back..."
There was a long silence between them before John finally spoke. “I thought I was the only insecure one here…” He looked at Sherlock with a faint smile on his face.
John was certain that Sherlock had no idea of the pleading plainly written on his face.
He rapped on the door of the loo and called, “Alright in there?”  When he received no answer he turned the door knob and put his head around the door.  Sherlock was standing upright, but clutching the basin for support with one hand, his grubby shirt dangling from the other.  A broken china toothbrush stand and toothbrushes lay scattered on the tiled floor.
John grinned. “Sometimes not. For example, at times like this.”
“I can’t, John.”
“You sure know how to flatter your Alpha, Sherlock.” John’s tone was teasing.
The man was likely right, John thought bitterly; he was no risk. Sherlock had obviously scrutinized him and written him off as any sort of threat, for to invite a strange Alpha into his home, even a disabled one, was an unthinkable risk for an average Omega. And John had known immediately Sherlock was an Omega despite Sherlock’s claim of being sexless. Sherlock had the speed, the alertness and the wariness of a prey animal, although he had none of the fear. He was an Omega certainly, but no average Omega, that was obvious. He had a supremely confident demeanor, a bold stride and tightly coiled strength; John could sense that he was ready to spring from harm’s way on a split second’s notice if required. And John had no doubt that the man’s self-defence skills would be on par with John’s own fighting skills−at least John’s skills as they had been back when he was still a soldier−a warrior−and not the lame, halting man that obviously he was perceived as now, if Sherlock’s dismissive assessment of him was any indication.
But John was already in the hall preparing for their departure.  Bending to his duffle, he shrugged at Sherlock’s protest. “Perhaps, but they won’t succeed in killing me before I get you back to London. And after that? It hardly matters.” He was packing his weapons and ammunition as he said this and so missed Sherlock’s look of dismay at his words.
“Perhaps not, but you are young nonetheless, myn déorling.”  John smiled down at Sherlock’s serious expression. He touched a light finger against the side of Sherlock’s perfect, straight nose in an effort to lighten the mood. “Now, let us both try to sleep a little more. In the morning, I will tell you of my plans for you." He grinned, “And you will tell me if they suit you. Alright?”
After a short silence, John began, "Father Stansell at St. Patrick Church asked if I would meet with him to discuss his proposal for an after-school program for troubled youth. He wanted to talk about what grants might be available from Children's Services, where I work…"
“Sorry, it was all I could find for soap, Sherlock,” John lied – he had been desperate for anything to cover up Sherlock in the tub − “Molly enjoys a bubble bath, apparently.”
John did not answer.
Trying not to look menacing but failing, Sherlock said nothing. John sent a silent prayer of thanks heavenward for Lestrade and held his breath.
singaþ – charms or chants
"Well, I was at the hospital early this morning, before Harvey was killed. I was able to learn some things about the day you were brought in and you lost Geoffrey. The information that you want, John, is in the medical records − not just anyone can read it, please don't think that – but I knew you wanted to know so I… er...took a look."
"Yes, John."
“Yes?” Sherlock sounded tense.
Sherlock, now tired, rested back against the back of the bath tub with his eyes closed and murmured, “Nō, Ælfric.”
“John, please...” Sherlock’s second breathy plea almost undid John completely.
"Yes, I understand John." Sherlock stopped, not sure how to tell John what he had learned, unsure what his reaction would be. "John, because of the circumstances of his death, as standard procedure, the doctors ordered an autopsy on Geoffrey. His body was sent to Bart's. It…he…is still there, John, held until a post-mortem examination can be performed. It can take a long time, sometimes up to eight weeks before it's done…" What Sherlock did not tell John was that Harvey had refused his claim to Geoffrey's body and approved its disposal post-autopsy.
When Sherlock’s fingers curled tightly around his own, he sighed and the tension drained from his body. With both arms now, he drew Sherlock close and said, “No, no.  I’m sorry, Sherlock.  I’m very sorry. I'm wrong about all that.  I’m just very surprised… shocked in fact.  And I’m not handling it very well.”
Dear God, he realized, Sherlock hadn’t run away! He wasn’t trying to escape; instead he had chosen to die – but on his own terms, with peace and dignity. He had hidden himself to do so, but he was close, very close.
John, observing the youth and monitoring his vital signs, knew the moment that he regained consciousness.  John remained motionless and waited.  The omega stirred slightly, turning his head to one side, instinctively trying to dislodge the oxygen mask.  When the mask didn’t loosen, his eye lids flickered open.  At the sight of John above him, looming large and shadowed in the dimness of the tent, he shrank back against the blankets with a terrified sound, his eyes widening with fear and his slender body stiffening.  He clutched at the mask with long fingers, trying to pull it off.
John was standing in the living room doorway, his posture trepidatious, uncertain of Sherlock's reaction, but determined.
"You, you want me, Sherlock?"
He was silent for a long minute, and then he kissed John’s cheek gently and nuzzled his ear. “John, now you have me and I promise I will never treat you that way, nor will I ever allow anyone else to either. I’m yours to do with as you wish, John. I accept your terms. I’ve lived for years without sex; I haven’t been the slightest bit interested in it. And I’m prepared to live the rest of my life without it too if it means I can be with you. The only thing I really want is for you to let me love you and look after you. That is what makes me happy John. I don’t want anything you can’t offer me. I only want you.”
John halted and drew a sharp breath but ignored the insults. He demanded, “Why the hell didn’t your handler pull you before last night?! QAT was right behind me.  And you knew it.  That’s why you came with me without a fight.  Even unknown, I was a better option!”
"Your friend? A medical examiner? Geoffrey's body is at St. Bart's? And I can have him back when the autopsy is done?"
John applied everything he had to keeping his patient alive.  The Flumazenil had to be re-administered hourly until Blackburn’s condition was stable and his breathing had to be monitored continuously. It would prevent any further depression of his central nervous system, but respiratory failure was still a great risk. He was barely breathing on his own; he managed it only with assistance from John who, each time Blackburn began to choke, which was often, adjusted Blackburn’s position to clear his airways.
The voice didn’t thaw one bit, but it said, “I agree to your terms. I will be there shortly to pick him up.”
"No signal," Sherlock said in answer to John's enquiry about calling for assistance. John himself seemed to have lost his phone sometime during their escape. Bloody hell! he had thought distractedly upon discovering this.  It looked like they were in for an uncomfortable night.
"Oh, so not DI Lestrade then?" The voice that cut him off was weak but its thread of sarcasm was unmistakable.
“You know that I am not a child, do you not, Ælfric?”
John stroked Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead and gazed down at him, his expression conveying the depth of his love for Sherlock and also the wonder he felt at Sherlock’s acceptance of him as a mate.  Sherlock looked back at him before his eye lids slid shut and he sighed. He tried to lift a limp arm to his shirt buttons, obviously wanting to undo them, but his coordination had left him.
Sherlock roused himself and stammered, “Ah, no…I’m fine, I’m fine…ah…and you...er...? Are you alright?”
He groaned and rolled onto his side.  He was exhausted from a 16 hour shift in the hospital tent.  The last thing he wanted was to be kept awake by fighting among the enlisted men drinking and carousing outside his tent.  They were a crude and undisciplined lot; there was a concerning lack of order in these outposts far from the centre of operations. He rubbed his shoulder tiredly; if they kept it up, he’d put a stop to it himself, he was in no mood to tolerate loud drunks.
John looked at him in surprise. “My friends Mike and Molly? Yes, they appear to be away. But don’t worry; they won’t mind us stopping in for a short while. And it’s safer for them that they aren’t here, of course.”
The man looked up at the ceiling before meeting John’s eyes again with his now familiar intense stare.  “My name is Sherlock Holmes.  I reside at 221B Baker Street, London.  I am a consulting detective−when I’m not being forced by the British Government to take on futile and pointless undercover assignments.” His tone was sour.
It was probably madness on John’s part; he was still a functional Alpha after all−although, as Sherlock pointed out, he was now disabled. But John was intrigued by the man before him, all dark curls, pale skin and eyes that flashed blue lightening. For the first time in months John felt the stirring of something like life inside himself; a small flare of light in the unceasing grey of his existence, and he would not turn away from it now.
Sherlock had no opportunity to continue for John lunged suddenly at him; knocking him off his balance. Sherlock gasped as his feet shot out from under him on the water-logged leaves that littered the road and he flailed his arms backward wildly, grasping with his long fingers for a purchase on the rain slicked metal of the car. But he needn’t have bothered. The impact and direction of John’s tackle was such that he was lifted up and splayed on his back on the bonnet, arms flung wide, coat flapping open and his legs spread. Coordination still poor, his head snapped back and would have made hard contact with the steel bonnet had it not been caught in the palm of John’s hand, where it was eased down and held firmly. The pistol, still in the grasp of John’s other hand, landed with a deafening slam beside Sherlock’s left ear. It was followed immediately by John’s mouth landing on his with no less force; hard, bruising and biting. Sherlock’s mouth fell open under the onslaught and stayed that way, held by John’s thumb against his jaw.
(See the end of the chapter for
John flinched and went still and quiet. Sherlock could almost see him shrink into himself as though in another moment he would disappear completely. Oh God, he was making a terrible mess of this!
“Ælfric?”
"We should call Lestrade now," said John.
youngling – young one
“Yes.  It was fine until the day Mycroft caught me in the summer house with my pants and trousers down, daydreaming…well, fantasizing I suppose.  I knew I wasn’t supposed to masturbate, we’d been told it was bad, of course, but it didn’t seem so wrong at the time.  I had a day dream about another boy and I, together all the time, day and night, you know, going on adventures, having fun.” He said quietly, “My favourite day dream was to imagine us swimming; a warm summer night, stars close and us lying together−being together.”
"No, no Sherlock, that's not it."
Sherlock stood. “Good night, John.”
John managed a small smile and held out a hand in a conscientious attempt at courtesy.
John felt tears gather behind his eyes and his throat tighten as he realized that when Sherlock found the world too overwhelming and disappeared into his room, he didn't go alone, he took John with him and he had since the beginning
It was hard to dispute the logic of this statement, so John, although somewhat mystified, followed, this time keeping at a cautious distance behind Sherlock.
Sherlock, who had been rooted in place outside the private hospital room door listening to the ugly tirade inside, heard a rapid scuffle in the room accompanied by a sharply indrawn gasp and waited no longer. He acted on instinct, lunging through the door and into the room. He saw a heavy-set Alpha with a flushed face, one hand gripping his Omega's hair, the other hand twisting the man's jaw, forcing his face toward his own. His mate had been trying to cower into the pillows, his face as white as they were.
They took turns holding December and walking the floor of the small shed until it was light enough to start out on the path once more.
Sherlock didn’t respond in words but he tried to flatten himself against John’s chest and closed his eyes once more.
John collapsed sobbing again, but Sherlock could make out his words, "He knows where Geoffrey is." John hugged his body, "Sherlock, I want Geoffrey, he needs me, please help me find him, please…"
“No! I don’t want you to leave! I want you to stay. I know the expert advice is that a person should touch themselves to learn about their body and its responses, but I don’t want to! I want you to touch me John, so badly!”
"Well, boys aren't chickens, so may I call you something else? A real name? Like December maybe." It was the first name he could think of; Mike and his partner had just named their newly adopted baby girl September. And it was Christmas Eve after all so it seemed appropriate. He certainly was not about to call the child anything derogatory.
“I found the way easily enough, but…” Sherlock’s voice became small again, “After a few days of travel I became… ill…” he faltered, too shy to speak of his heat to John, “and needed water… that’s when the heremenn, the soldiers and the dogs, found me and chased me…” he shuddered.
Unbeknownst to Sherlock he was terrifying to John. Up close he was overwhelming; tall and broad-shouldered with an untamed ruffle of black curls descending over his forehead and his strangely glacier-coloured eyes, which were at that moment fixed intently on John. To John he looked like a wolf; a large, threatening Alpha wolf. John quailed. Panic rose in his throat and he gulped.
He attended to Sherlock first, beginning with another attempt to remove the torn T-shirt from Sherlock’s grip. When Sherlock let it go, John bent and offered him a kiss on the palm of his hand in exchange for it and teased lightly, “There are plenty more T-shirts where this one came from leifling, in fact a lifelong supply of them if you like.”
John was there humming happily once more and making their bed. Ah, so the hall cupboard held linens. Sherlock watched John for a moment; John seemed to be organizing blankets and duvets first one way and then the other. Sherlock observed that there were more pillows on the bed than usual, as well. As he watched, he could see that John was focusing most of his attention on what was Sherlock's side of the bed.
By the time they were beside the bed, Sherlock was starting to look anxious once more, so John, standing before him, stroked up and down his arms to calm him and said, “So many clothes.  Can I undress you, Sherlock?”
In a matter of minutes they had reached Slough and John drew into a deserted, crumbling car park, liberally sprayed with graffiti, and brought the car to a stop. He stepped from the driver’s side of the vehicle, reaching behind the seat for his medical bag as he did so. By the time he had rounded the car and reached the passenger door, he was a different man.  Although unaware of it himself, he no longer possessed the edginess of a “hired-gun” but instead had taken on the mantle of quietly efficient doctor.
“James!” Blackburn’s response to the name was electric.  Despite his weakness, he stiffened with distress and cringed away from John.
For the first time since the incident began he looked at Sherlock and said, “I’m sorry but we can’t stay here now, we have to leave immediately. There will be others following this one.”
The cab took them down Victoria Street where, across Cathedral Piazza, the massive church dominated the square. Its walls were deep in shadow but its looming 210 foot bell tower and the upper reaches of its Byzantine brick and stonework were illuminated, adding to its imposing presence. Sherlock waited until they were past the square before instructing the cabbie to let them off at Ashley Place. Well out of sight of the church, concealed in a stand of Plane trees−stark in mid-winter; they set off back toward the church, their shadows indistinguishable from those cast by the branches above.
He then rounded on Sherlock with blazing eyes and a harsh voice, “That was the God-damned stupidest thing you could have done! What the hell were you thinking? I told you not to do anything!”
Lestrade, watching this, rejoiced. At last, here was Sherlock recognising and connecting with something greater than himself and his own brilliant intellect. Lestrade looked at John again with interest. There was obviously more to this unassuming man than met the eye for him to have had such an impact on the inscrutable Sherlock Holmes.
John fluffed a sofa cushion aggressively. So his Alpha senses were a little off. He already knew that, that’s why he was making an effort again, trying to regain some of his former prowess. And he would have caught-on, before long, as to just what Liz had been up to. For heaven’s sake that was why he had been sitting in the living room chatting with her and not upstairs in his room, fucking the daylights out of her! Not that he would have been able to figure out about her girlfriend. He grudgingly admitted that he had Sherlock to thank for that. He had no wish to tangle with a jealous dom. He punched another cushion into shape with more force than necessary. He wanted a family, he always had, and he wasn’t getting any younger.
“It is the lakes.  I fear they will not reappear.”
John found himself grinning back and lightly touched Sherlock’s knee with a warm hand. For one breathless moment, he stared into Sherlock’s eyes, bright even in the dimness. Locked on John's gaze, Sherlock opened his mouth as if to say something but before he could, John had turned his face away toward the window. All he said was, “We should go now.”
“No.  It’s for you John, if you like it….  It made me think of you…if you don’t like it, I’ll get a different one.”
At Sherlock’s silent nod, John, satisfied, said, “Good. Then let’s get you dressed, shall we?” He stood up, his hair glistening with water and his T-shirt plastered to his solid chest.  His heavy boots made wet, squelching sounds and water streamed onto the tile floor as he stepped across the room to lock the outer door. Turning to his locker, with his free arm he pulled T-shirts, trousers and pants out and dropped them onto the bench beside the towels.
From the sacristy the three passed through the Lady Chapel, under an archway, and into the immense interior of the cathedral. Lit by weak moonlight and the ambient light of the city, the massive nave, at over 300 feet in length, was awe-inspiring. Not least due to the 30 foot crucifix floating in the gloom above them, vaguely luminous in the light from the distant windows circling the upper reaches of the nave.
“Yes, John.”
Never mind that Sherlock was driving himself mad with his own antics, he was certain the outcome would be worth it for them.
Several nights after John’s painful confession, with John once more in the circle of Sherlock’s arms, they were watching a movie−at least John was. Sherlock, much more interested in John than the movie, was tracing fascinated fingers down John’s forearms counting freckles as he went. Being careful not to distract John, he began a light upward sweep on the inside of John’s arm. To his surprise as his sensitive finger tips passed over John’s pulse, he could feel it quickening. He tried the same thing on the other wrist with the same result. He then placed a light hand on John’s neck and there was no doubt about it; John’s heart rate was significantly elevated. That was curious…
John mentally kicked himself. He should have thought to prepare Sherlock in advance to expect Lestrade to bring someone from the Child Protection Authority with him; it was standard procedure in such circumstances. If only he had thought to tell Sherlock this, there would have been time for them to talk about it…
“Don’t hurt me! Don’t John, please!”
John heaved an inward sigh, yes; his patient was definitely improving, if degrees of stubbornness were anything to go by…
As he saw Sherlock's discomfort, John kicked himself.  He should have anticipated that Sherlock might suffer again from arousal and orgasm, given his first unpleasant experience!  John was furious with himself!  But, aloud, he soothed, “It aches again, Sherlock?”
Sherlock shook his head and laid it against John’s chest.  “Nō, I understand now, Aelfric.” he said softly.
“Relax, please.” John’s direction was spoken in a firm but quiet tone to which Blackburn responded immediately. He subsided under the light touch of John’s hands and submitted to his examination. His speech slurred, he muttered a reference to chest pain before drifting into unconsciousness once more.
Thank you so much for liking Night Song. Readers are everything.
physicist primae −  the first scientist
“Unless you’ve been stricken off the Medical Register, you still are,” Blackburn said flatly.
“Am I to understand that you have lost my brother?” The man speaking was standing with his hands behind his back, surveying the view of London from his floor-to-ceiling office windows. His stiff posture and the angry lift of his chin belied his emotionless voice.  His back was to the man to whom he was speaking.
He blurted out what was uppermost in his mind. "Baker Street is a safe place for you, John."
The tea steeped and ready, John poured a cup; fixed it the way he knew Sherlock liked it and carried it to the table where he placed it in front of Sherlock.
There had been no hint in the files of the ugliness behind the façade of the five year marriage. The records had pointed to them being a devoted couple, not social but who simply enjoyed a quiet home life. John was a part-time social worker and Harvey a manager in his father's private security firm. It was true the couple moved frequently but presumably Harvey was advancing his career by managing successively larger offices. But in light of what Sherlock had just witnessed he realized frequent moves were also a way of ensuring that community connections were never formed and any violent altercations between the couple that were reported could not be followed up on by authorities. He shook his head in frustration and leaned back in the hard waiting room chair.
"No, I won't," John promised firmly. He added silently, but if Joe is your caregiver, I will be telling him a great many other things while he contemplates the barrel of my service pistol between his eyes!
John, experiencing a heart stopping moment of pure joy and relief at seeing the blue shimmer of Sherlock’s eyes, smiled down at him.  “That’s better, leifling. It is my duty to vanquish your fears.  You must allow me to fulfill it.”  He smoothed away the droplets of water falling from his own forehead onto Sherlock’s with a light finger.  Sherlock looked as though he wanted to respond to John but, although it opened, no sound emerged from his mouth.  He stared up at John with huge eyes.
“Hush, small one,” John soothed, “It is normal for an omega in your condition to feel so.  Your traumatic experience today has likely delayed your heat for now, but it will return.  It is not your first?”
Sherlock nodded again.
Sherlock nodded. Pained confusion was written on his face for it was the first time in his life that he had not enjoyed the reveal of a murderer. And never again would he experience the pure rush of victory, flowing through his veins like the drug it was for him, when he solved a case. The expression on John's face would be a memory that would ground him; forever temper his exhilaration with a sobering awareness of the pain and devastation that the criminals he pursued left in their wake.
An hour later in the silence of the dim second floor room of the Rookwood Arms, Blackburn was still sleeping peacefully with John Watson keeping watch at his side.  Despite his grueling morning, there was no trace of tiredness in John’s face; he rested a vigilant hand on Blackburn’s wrist and listened to his breathing as he stared unseeingly into the small gas fireplace. That there was something wrong with the scenario his employer had presented him regarding Blackburn was obvious. There was much more to the man lying beside him than John had been told when he agreed to the job; whether the man wasn’t Blackburn at all or John’s employer had misinformed him about Blackburn’s doings−knowingly or unknowingly−John wasn’t sure.  Either way though, it didn’t matter, John realized.  Even if Blackburn was the villainous traitor he’d been portrayed as, there was now no question of John carrying through with the plan to deliver him to the CIA.  And John was fully aware that the unidentified client that had hired his employer to apprehend Blackburn was the CIA.
John waited five tense minutes before leaning over Blackburn again and re-taking his vital signs. To his consternation, the man’s condition was deteriorating! Christ! He’d have to get Blackburn to a location where he could be properly treated if he was going to have a chance of pulling out of this state. There was no time to lose. His brow furrowed with anxiety, John threw his medical bag back into the car, slid behind the wheel and drove from the car park.
John ignored this.  He asked, appalled, “What kind of a brother are you?! Sherlock was damn near killed. Or worse!”
He was back to normal.  “Sit please.”
Sherlock knocked quietly on John's door and when he received no response, he gingerly opened it a crack. John had been asleep but he woke, stirring drowsily and opening his eyes to look at Sherlock in the doorway…and then he smiled. Sherlock, about to close the door with a hasty apology to John for waking him, stopped still and found himself staring back at John, transfixed. No one had ever looked at Sherlock the way John was now, with that particular expression in their eyes, and Sherlock found himself immobilized by it, not even able to breathe.
Quickly closing his mouth, which had fallen open during John's speech, Lestrade recovered himself enough to indicate courteously that they could sit in his vehicle to talk.
Pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s he inhaled his intoxicating scent; as light and fresh as morning dew on summer flowers!  How exhilarating it was! After years of little other than the smell of fear, blood and scorched sand, Sherlock’s exquisite scent was like cool water to a man parched from thirst.  Fierce need flooded John; his blood began to throb in his veins and his hands shake as he breathed Sherlock in. Powerful instinct got the better of him and he clasped Sherlock against him in an immobilizing grip.
John interpreted, correctly, Sherlock’s request to mean that he should manage the child while Sherlock continued to look for an escape route for them. Unfazed by Sherlock’s blunt manner, he nodded in agreement and took a tentative step toward the corner of the dim room. He crouched on his haunches to say in a coaxing tone, "Hi there. Don't be scared, we want to help you… you need help right?"
“Okay, I’ll help you.”
Sherlock was uncaring of the trousers. “You are leaving, John? Where? Will I still be able to smell and sense you?”
“You enjoy sex, John.”
John, breathing hard, dug his fingers into Sherlock’s arms and growled down at him, “Don’t be a fool, Sherlock! You want your face in the rug with Sebastian grunting like a barn animal while he tears your arse apart?! You’re a virgin Sherlock, do you have any idea what that will feel like?!”
The man subsided once more into incoherent mumbling and allowed John to assist him back to the couch. “Claudia and Max Bruhl…its arsenic…Kitty Riley…stupid…Brixton, Lauriston Gardens…but that was ages ago…why would she still be upset?”
December sat with Sherlock in the booth while John ordered toast, milk and tea at the counter; the quickest items on the menu. The food arrived, served by the café owner who was brimming with barely restrained curiosity about his unlikely Christmas day customers, only to be quelled by a withering glance from Sherlock. December fell upon breakfast with enthusiasm, stuffing chunks of toast into his small mouth and gulping milk as fast as he could, spilling a great deal of it onto Sherlock beside him.
John reached with a lazy hand to stoke a long curl behind Sherlock’s ear.  “And yet you have such lovely hair on your head, leifling.”
John looked away. “I used to be.”
John acted with explosive energy. He whirled to thrust open the door and stride down the hall; his heart was pounding and his expression a mask of furious intent. By the time he reached the camp’s central compound he had started to run, drawing his pistol as he went.
aquaedisciplinae − hydrology
"John! John! No! Breathe, damn it!"
The last coherent word Sherlock gasped out before he came with a fierce thrust against John’s hands was “Jo−hn!” After that he was inarticulate; groaning and writhing under John and releasing a small but heavenly scented spurt of ejaculate into John’s mouth. A gush of his lubricant; slick and seductive appeared between his thighs and at the sight and smell of it,  John was forced to pull back, take a shaking breath and count to five; now was not the time to flip Sherlock onto his belly, part his buttocks and drive into him…
Lestrade did not doubt this statement for a minute.
"I said the murderer was ambitious, I didn't say he was intelligent." Sherlock was scornful. "He had established a pattern of delivering the letters on a Wednesday afternoon, probably a poor attempt to make the murders look ritualistic in some way. So, when he failed to deliver the letter to St. Patrick as planned that day, he had to try again immediately or wait another week. And, it was imperative that someone other than Father Stansell find the letter, to witness it, so to speak. With the investigation intensifying, the murderer felt he couldn't afford to wait."
John's thoughts were interrupted by a hard laugh and the mutter of Moran talking to himself, “So the little omega thinks it can escape the attentions of its master does it? Good. I’m the one who will teach it a lesson in obedience it will never forget.”
“John, I’m certain you are a Gaia Omega.”
“Would you like me to touch you?” Sherlock asked.
"The last threatening letter, as you point out, was received by Father Stansell of St. Patrick on the day that John went to see the Father. Father Stansell, however, is not at risk of being murdered. After analysing all the evidence I've concluded with certainty that his letter is a classic 'red-herring'."
Sherlock grimaced. “The British government is frequently…pissed-off…at me, doctor.”
Even she sounded doubtful about all this and by the time she trailed off, Lestrade, the loving father of four children, was well-and-truly starting to look like Sherlock, the panic included. John didn't feel much better.
“Because the newspapers would love to hear all about the attempted kidnapping and torture of an innocent British citizen from home soil by the CIA, in collusion with this country’s Secret Service. I’m sure you are familiar with the name Maher Arar?”
"No! Sherlock, no!" John's face crumpled. He stared at Sherlock, his expression shocked and his arm reaching for the back of a chair for support.
Sherlock, eyes staring fixedly into his microscope at the kitchen table, ignored John’s attempt at humour. He was quiet for a moment before he said, “It was a very low point in my life, John. I managed to convince myself that Sebastian’s interest in me was genuine. As it turned out, it wasn’t.” He carefully switched microscope slides and resumed his study. “I learned this one night after I drank a great deal of alcohol and found myself face-down and naked on the commons with Sebastian trying to mount me and yelling and laughing about what a freak I was. Apparently I was not appropriately receptive to him.”
“I wanted to believe you, Aelfric! You said you would not leave me, but then something angered you.  And I do not know why you would leave when… when…” The fear was back in Sherlock’s voice and he would not look at John.
The ‘adoption’ of Geoffrey into the Holmes family had been a straightforward one, conducted one cool spring evening before the fire at 221b Baker Street.  It had consisted of a characteristically bald offer made by Sherlock, which had every appearance of randomness but was actually the result of several days of serious thought on Sherlock’s part.  His offer had been met with a horrifying flood of tears from John, at least, horrifying from Sherlock’s perspective until it was explained to him by John that John was actually happy and was ‘just surprised, that’s all!” The misunderstanding had been cleared up quickly with hugs, kisses and a pot of tea. And with that Sherlock had become a step-father of sorts.
Before any of them could say anything further, December's head emerged from Sherlock's coat, wondering, no doubt, why Sherlock's deep voice was no longer rumbling soothingly in his ear. He took one look at the social worker and Lestrade and, knowing with his child's intuition that something was going badly wrong, he screamed shrilly and dove back into the safe haven of Sherlock's coat. John and Sherlock both recoiled at the heart-wrenching wail.
Dusk was turning to velvet darkness as the cab drew up in front of the flat. Sherlock had rested against John during the ride home, frequently nuzzling and pressing his face to John’s neck, gaining comfort from his nearness. The same was true for John, who was reassured by Sherlock’s contented touch. Nevertheless, he remained highly alert, scanning their surroundings for the slightest indication of danger. He would relax only when they were once more in the safety of their home.
The only sound John could hear was terrified raspy breathing from far under the cot; the omega likely had a lung infection… in addition to other obvious injuries.
John eased Sherlock onto his side and encouraged him to draw his knees up to his chest.  He then wrapped his arms around Sherlock from behind and pressed close.  “I’m entering you now, Sherlock.  You are ready for me, I promise.  I won’t hurt you.”
It’s alright, he coached himself, no need to panic, just pull the bed sheet down and bunch it up between us... and he won’t know.
The man flushed an angrier red, not wanting to back down but then gave a harsh laugh. With a contemptuous look at his mate in the bed, he said to Sherlock, "Well, you want him? You can have the frigid bitch." He turned with a sneer to his mate, "I've got no more use for your dried-up arse! I'm divorcing you and don't think that you'll get anything out of me because you won't. You can die in the street; or maybe if you’re lucky you can make a living as a filthy rent-boy."
He was thoughtful for a moment before smiling benevolently at John, “However, clearly you don’t have the same level of insight into our relationship that I have. I'm obviously rushing you. I can see that you need more time to adjust. We can wait for as long as you want. I’ll wait for you for as long as I need to, John.” Sherlock settled back on the sofa contentedly. “But I liked you tackling me. Can you do it again? And then kiss me. Is that too much or would that be alright, John?”
Sherlock’s blush deepened, but he brought his long fingers up to touch John’s cheek. He whispered, “I cannot seem to help it, Ælfric.”
"Oh, no reason, just wondering."
Blackburn should bloody well be frightened, thought John, angry once more. It was probably becoming apparent to Blackburn that he wasn’t being taken for a Sunday drive. Given his recent activities at BC he could likely guess what lay ahead. At this thought, to John’s consternation, an unexpected sense of unease about what he was doing arose. Dismayed, he repressed his doubt ruthlessly. Blackburn deserved everything he was in for. But still…there was sadness about Blackburn, a resignation, John could feel it. John tried once more to shake off his uneasy thoughts. What was happening to his objectivity?!
By the end of this unexpected speech, Lestrade's expression had begun to resemble something like Sherlock's; surprise and confusion, only without the panic.
"John." Sherlock said, feeling tears starting his own eyes.
John stared at him, stunned.
He felt concern at John's obvious over-anxiousness to please, knowing that it almost certainly sprang from a profound fear of conflict. He was well aware of the psychological impact that years of abuse had on victims and wondered if Sherlock was up to dealing with John's complicated emotional needs. The Sherlock he knew rarely questioned himself and was not tolerant of hesitancy and insecurity in others. Watching the two of them together now though − seeing Sherlock's light touch to John's hand, intended to reassure but unnoticeable unless one was looking for it − Lestrade realized to his surprise that Sherlock was very attuned to John's feelings and what's more, comfortable with providing the emotional support John needed.
"A bishop!? But Father Stansell at St. Patrick is the latest one to receive a threat−" Lestrade protested, only to be interrupted again, this time by Sherlock rolling his eyes impatiently ceiling ward.
Trenholm’s expression became unreadable.  He prevaricated, recalling Graves's description of the look in John’s eye when he’d been told of his target’s connection to QAT. He said, “Watson, until yesterday, has been the firm’s most talented and reliable contractor.” Then he betrayed his irritation by adding, “He’s never snapped-out on us before!”
Sherlock choked on a breath. "I'm sad for you John. I wish I could have stopped what happened. I wish you could be happy right now with your son in your arms. If I could make it happen, I would."
John moved on in the file to the overview of his target’s habits and routine. John frowned. The man kept extremely erratic hours. He could be found almost any time of the day or night at his lab, which was at the London headquarters of British Chemical. Blackburn seemed to have free run of the place, coming and going as he pleased. Company security was very lax in the case of James Blackburn; they obviously considered him no security threat. BC had numerous lucrative contracts with the British military to develop everything from new food preservatives to jet fuel additives. Unfortunately for BC, Blackburn was using his spare time in the lab to develop explosive materials for foreign terrorists.
Blackburn repeatedly tried to engage John, despite his mental confusion. And as John listened to Blackburn’s anxious ramblings, he became increasingly convinced that Blackburn’s words were not based on nonsensical delusions, as he’d first assumed. Blackburn’s urgent tone and the conviction of his thoughts were undeniable, although obviously out of context in his current surroundings.
He added nothing further though and after a short silence December questioned, "Are you thinking of what to do next to save us?"
After the massacre, allied reconnaissance of the region could locate no survivors. The Sidesan Lakes, the source of life-giving water for thousands of civilians, managed so carefully by the Simarine for centuries, had been found dry and the formerly lush vegetation surrounding them replaced with sand and dust.
"No worries, just next time I decide to visit you; I don't expect you to bite my head off, okay? He is pretty special alright, but it's obvious he's completely gone on you, you know."
Sherlock, nodding, pressed against John and drew a shaky breath. He began, “A few days before the attack I was asked by the council to survey environmental conditions on the far side of the largest lake. Surveys like it are frequent.  It was a long journey, two days, perhaps more, away from the city.” Sherlock lifted his unusual eyes to John’s who touched his cheek encouragingly.
“Well, a couple of things; first I wonder if you’ve ever thought about why he behaved as he did when you were a child, and continues to do so now.  He’s older than you Sherlock, so you might not be aware of what he suffered as a child−I’m not excusing his behaviour, not at all, especially now that he’s an adult.  I just wonder if you might be able to cope with him better if you see his controlling behaviour as possibly related to having been abused.  I think that he might be less threatening to you if you see him in that light.”
The garden was clear. John assisted Sherlock out the back door of the pub and into the chilly car. The morning was barely light and the rain still heavy as he got behind the wheel and eased out of the pub’s driveway and onto the street. Without headlights, they were nearly invisible and, behind them, the vehicle’s muddy tire tracks were soon obscured by channels of rainwater, erasing any sign that they had ever been there.
“What I want is you, John.  I love you and I like caring for you but also I can’t begin to tell you how much your love means to me.  I want it for always. That you love me is a miracle; I think you might be a saint, John!  And if not, I intend to worship you forever as though you are one, regardless.”  He squeezed John’s hands.  “Now, was that your main objection to the idea of marrying me?”
Sherlock stared back at him in surprise, “Are you trying to tell me the situation is my fault, John?! Because if so, you are wrong, it isn’t!” It was his turn to glare, “I am not the one who messed this up! You are a lousy mercenary, John! Why on earth would you agree to a job like this anyway? You are a doctor for God’s sake! An extraordinary rendition to a CIA black site for ‘questioning’?! It could hardly suit you less!”
“I see.  And the ‘occasion’ yesterday was…?”
John smiled and began to kiss his way down Sherlock’s chest and belly to his cock, stroking him with his hand as he did so.  Not rushed, he took his time, exploring Sherlock with his hand and tongue, enjoying his heady scent and warmth.  It was only when he began to taste pre-ejaculate that he moved to take Sherlock fully into his mouth.  As he opened his mouth to take him in, he placed his hands firmly on Sherlock’s hips, knowing Sherlock’s pleasure would be intensified by being able to strain against John’s hold. Then he slowly and purposefully began to bring Sherlock to orgasm; making insistent flicks with his tongue against the tip of his cock and sucking him; his lips forming a tight, wet ring just below the delicate head of his cock.
As John stilled behind him, Sherlock gave a contented hum.  He carefully disengaged himself from John and turned over in John’s arms to look into his eyes.  He smiled brilliantly and said, “I love you too, John.  You are amazing!” He kissed John’s lips. “I’m yours now, right?”
Eallwealdend − ruler of all, the omnipotent God
At least John would live. The doctors told him that much. Thank God.
"And John would be who, exactly, Sherlock? If he is who I think he is, then we need to chat. Care to introduce me?"
The End.
“In Greece,” said John, reading a note on the counter, “back on Sunday night. The neighbour is to look in on the place on Thursday morning. Good, we have time to rest up and be gone before then.” He studied Sherlock, pale and slumping in his chair. “I’m going to insist on you eating something, Sherlock, but first let’s have a cup of tea and get some heat turned on. We can’t make a fire or turn lights on though, it’s too risky.”
After confirming that the washroom was empty, John bent to examine the dangling handcuffs.  He was looking for a clue, anything that might point to where Sherlock had gone. The cuffs were tiny; small enough for a child... rage flared his gut again… what kind of monster owned such things?! But once more he schooled his thoughts; he would extract justice from Moran for his crimes, certainly, but not now. Later.  At this moment John needed to think, not feel.
ounce of fondness for his romantic soulmate, whoever they may be?
Glancing back up, he found Holmes rounding the body with complete disregard for the still-talking Lestrade. The inspector fumbled a bit. “—as we were sure there would be prints at a scene such as this, but it appeared—ah. Holmes? Holmes. …he's ignoring me.”
Walking in on his companion later that day, with a syringe on the floor beside him, shirt half-undone, and a
He had heard of the soaring feeling one experienced when touching the mark of their fated, better than any adrenaline high or drug. He had even had a taste of it when he had touched Mary’s platonic mark once. But this was Holmes, this was
“Oh, for the love of—” He would never let up, it seemed. Shaking his head, Watson turned a dry smile on his friend, whose only response was to bite the end of his glasses and look up from under his lashes like he didn't realize what he was doing. Watson’s defenses softened against his will. Oh, how he loved this madman. “You are insufferable, Sherlock Holmes,” he informed, matter-of-factly.
“Ah, you are catching on now.”
It wasn't a tattoo. It rested beneath the burn turning ugly red at Holmes’ collarbone, lines of slanting writing over his heart. Watson knew it at once. There was a seamless black to soulmarks that no tattoo ink could replicate, no matter how steady the hand. He’d seen the writing of Mary’s marks, heard of others, but never had he seen such as that that spread across Holmes’ chest. It was unmistakably his own handwriting and streamed on as his own thoughts did.
Watson waited patiently until Holmes had wandered to his side. Leaning toward him, he spoke in quiet tones, “you do realize he is helping us, right?”
?!” he spluttered, cane dropping to the floor with an angry clatter. “If you haven't noticed in the past years, Holmes, I live here just as much as you do—”
“Were you not a war doctor?”
crouching in front of him with a shielding grip on his shoulder.
“Fine then, let me see yours,” Holmes decided, facing him with sly expectance.
Sherlock said haughtily, “I’ve done it before John; I knew what I was doing. I jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s once, in fact−”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there to save you John. I would have killed him for you and set you free. I hope you know that.”
The boy didn't look away, he watched John carefully, his eyes large in his small face.
John sighed, he very much doubted this, but there was nothing more he could do for the moment.
Blackburn raised his head.  “Call me mad but I think a strong opiate is in order when one is about to be carved to pieces with a scimitar before the night is out. However, what do I know? I’m not a doctor.” He glared pointedly at John.
Sherlock saw John’s eyes open and withdrew his hand sharply, his facial expression full of anxious regret, “þu you geárest, Ælfric! I did not mean to wake you!”
“Stay here,” he ordered his passenger as he exited the car, missing the arched eyebrow and amused half smile that his order elicited from Sherlock.
After a quiet lunch, and approximately three hours after John had presented Sherlock with his cup of tea, the door of the flat swung open and Lestrade walked in unannounced. To be fair, this was in his usual manner, much in the same way that Sherlock would walk into Lestrade's office uninvited and at will. But John, reading his book on the sofa, was unaccustomed to this ritual and started violently at the sudden appearance and scent of a strange Alpha; a small sound of panic issued from his throat and he sought for escape, his eyes darting frantically to the staircase behind Lestrade.
"Give me my bloody pistol Sherlock, don't be an idiot!"
John blushed scarlet. “Um no. But I don’t…well…you know, by myself, because it feels too lonely and with Harvey…well, I told you about that. And I don’t remember anything like that when I was a teenager, before I married.” He blushed again.
“No, no one.”
Sherlock had gleaned enough from his hours in the waiting area, which was adjacent to the nursing station outside the intensive care unit, to know that Harvey had done exactly as he had threatened; the papers ending his responsibility for John had been signed and filed by mid-day. Infertility was a legitimate ground for divorce but the man must have some influence somewhere because he had been able to complete all the medical and legal requirements for his own benefit within 12 hours of walking out on John. Infuriatingly from Sherlock's perspective, Harvey was a free man.
But what was John doing now? He was helping Sherlock on with his overcoat, fastening the buttons up to Sherlock's chin and lifting the lapels. The scarf followed next, looped snuggly around Sherlock's neck and fluffed for good measure.
“But I’m, I’m damage−”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He was staring at John with an oddly perplexed expression pulling at the muscles of his face. It was as though his facial muscles were so unused to forming themselves into that particular expression of puzzlement that they didn’t know how to do it and had commenced fighting with one another over it.
But John said nothing further.  He merely nodded stiffly and turned abruptly to the Mercedes.
And…thought John to himself, I don’t think I need to add anything more to that picture…Let’s just let the image percolate with my love for now.  John smiled and dropped a light kiss onto the top of Sherlock’s head.
It is possible for a bullet from a pistol to pierce steel.  It depends on the gun, the bullet, the angle of the shot and the thickness of the steel, but it is possible. I imagine John to be armed with something pretty powerful and we know he’s an incredible shot. :-)
He stilled Sherlock’s restless hands with his own and said slowly, “You are right Sherlock, I should have listened to you sooner.” He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers, “If I was any good at being your Alpha I would listen to you and accept your wisdom as equal to mine. I was being patronizing and for that I’m sorry. From now on we are partners, different but equal in this relationship.”
"Well, from the time I was young, very young, I dreamed about having a strong and loving mate and lots of children, you know, fairy tale stuff." He smiled. "I was different; maybe it was being a Gaia, I don't know, but I liked who I was, I wasn't resentful like some of the other omega, I was optimistic and excited for a future of marriage and a family." He looked away. "After I was married to Harvey, of course, I gave up those dreams. And I mourned their loss as much as anything else during those years."
Sherlock began to speak, only to be cut off abruptly by John who glanced quickly across at him and said, “We should be safe now for as long as it takes to reach London. They won't have expected us to have been able to hijack one of their vehicles.”
At the sound of John’s angry voice, Blackburn’s shoulders stiffened and he turned his head slightly, listening intently. John noted this action curiously; strange that his order to shut up would frighten Blackburn when nothing else had so far. He mentally kicked himself. A calm hostage was much easier to deal with than a frightened one. Fear manifested itself differently in people and John had no knowledge of how Blackburn might react to it. The background information provided to John hadn’t offered any insights; the man appeared to be supremely confident at all times.
Sherlock chose precisely this moment to suggest casually that he might make tea; and would John like a biscuit? Not waiting for an answer he lifted John off his lap, stood and wandered into the kitchen, yawning and scrubbing his hands through his dark curls. When he glanced back at John he saw with tender amusement that John was sitting bolt upright, equal parts surprise and confusion written on his face and no small amount of desire (or was that lust?)
Molly’s face contorted with anger and she opened her mouth to speak to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was at this point that John moved. He stepped forward from the shadows to assist Lestrade, disregarding that he was revealing himself in the moonlight. The man struggling with Lestrade, for it was now clear that it was a man, just then succeeded in getting the gun. When he saw John, he raised it with deadly purpose and prepared to fire it.
To John’s dismay, Sherlock’s eyes, which had begun to glow with interest at his proposal suddenly filled with tears and his lips began to quiver.  John drew back and exclaimed in horror, “No heartsweet! What did I say? It is too soon, isn’t it? I’m moving too fast...! And God knows I’m too old for you…!”
As focused as he was on providing medical care and despite his years of professional practice as a physician, John was disconcerted to find that he was not immune to the youth’s innocent beauty or his potent scent, even stronger now that the dusty robe had been removed. Before he could suppress it, rich alpha desire flared and he felt his body respond to the beautiful creature in his arms. He drew a breath and damped it down, reprimanding himself sternly as he lifted his unconscious patient over the side of the tub. He lowered the youth into the water, submersing him up to his chin while supporting his head with an arm behind his neck.
Sherlock clutched his head and lowered it to his knees, squirming in discomfort. His trousers were damp and stained with what John knew was his natural lubricant, as was his shirt with perspiration and tears. He sobbed now, great broken gulps of anguish, his shoulders heaving and his body shaking, still wedged between the toilet and the wall.
“Oh, John…for me?” Sherlock breathed. He was overwhelmed to have gained John’s love and trust when he would have thought this impossible after John’s horrifying experiences with his ex-husband. His eyes filled with tears as he bent to give John a reverent kiss. “I’m so honoured, John,” his voice shook. “You don’t know…”
John was rigid with pain in his chair but knew he must not express it.  So he simply said, “I see.”
“He’s a sadistic, bloody psychopath!”
John smiled at Sherlock, who watched fascinated; John's smile was like the morning sun emerging from a rain cloud. Sherlock wanted to bask in the bright rays of it for the rest of his life…but John was speaking, what was he saying?
John reached out a hand to Sherlock’s and drew him close.  Looking up into his eyes, he asked, “Tell me more, Sherlock.  What is it you would like?  I’d love to touch you, tell me what you need.”
There was a small sound from the child which John chose to take as an indication of progress. He persisted, "I'm not coming any closer, so you'll have to look up if you want to see me.”
After a long silence, Sherlock asked, “In your opinion, as a doctor, John, what do you think happened to me? Am I asexual or repressed or something else?”
Sherlock watched as John prepared a small injection of morphine for him and obediently exposed his arm when John touched it.  To John’s relief Sherlock gave no sign of distress at the injection, he kept his stunning aquamarine eyes fixed unwaveringly on John.  The colour of his eyes was that of clear lake on a summer day mused John as he wiped Sherlock’s arm with an antiseptic soaked, cotton wool ball and stuck a plaster on it.  The Sidesan Lakes were said to have been a very beautiful blue colour, perhaps Sherlock’s eyes were the same shade…
This frustrated outburst was met with a stunned silence from them both of them, until Sherlock, his eyes on the floor in front of John’s feet, replied in an icy tone, “I don’t know what you are talking about, John. I should have thought it was obvious, especially to you as a doctor, that I’m not an Omega. I am nothing. And before you start blurting out apologies and pity, let me make something clear to you: I don’t care. I don’t care what you think of me. I don’t care what anyone thinks of me. And if you don’t like living with someone who you so clearly see as a mutant, then you can leave! Just fuck-off John!”
"I'll be fine Sherlock." Lestrade smiled. "Go take care of John, alright?"
“Why not, heartsweet?”
Sherlock sighed. Setting aside the puzzle of John's aura for now (he remembered a recent paper he'd seen somewhere on bioenergetics…perhaps he should dig it out and read it…) he decided to broach with John something that he had been putting off all day. He didn't want to make John unhappy but he should offer to share with him what he had learned.
The same could not be said for Sherlock. Clearly he had moved on from his surprise and confusion. Dirty and soaked to the skin he was wearing his hardest expression.
"When did you learn to shoot, John?"
Sherlock thought that he must be mad! What on earth was he going to do with an injured and grieving Omega in his flat? Not that biology mattered to him. He was an Alpha, but he'd long since rejected the domestic side of life, devoting himself to his work which he found easy to do with the modern drugs available to control biology-specific behaviours. Still, if he thought about it, the idea was madness. However, he very much wanted to learn what John had witnessed related to the crimes he was investigating and this would provide the best opportunity he'd have to do so.
Thank you so much for reading and following the story! A special thank you to those of you who commented too!
Looking at Sherlock now, cold and dishevelled but clutching the child possessively in his precious overcoat, John recognized paternal love at work even if Sherlock himself did not. It might be rare, but when Sherlock loved, it was sudden, powerful and to the death, as John knew only too well.
He shouldered his duffle and with his medical bag in one hand, he lent the other to Sherlock. “Let’s go.”
"You heard Mycroft and me arguing."
John started to tear up and his voice trembled, "someone pushed me from behind, very hard Sherlock… I tried to catch myself..." he looked up at Sherlock beseechingly, "I tried to stop myself from falling, I did, Sherlock, but I couldn't and I fell into the little table. It shattered when I landed on it and one of the broken legs hit me in the stomach, then I fell onto the wooden pew beside me before I landed on the floor."
He turned west but exited the thruway as soon as they were clear of Slough. He was headed to an out-of-the-way pub, the Rookwood Arms in the village of Foxley, where he’d once stayed. It was still very early morning; there was a chance he could convincingly pass the two of them off as over-indulgent party-goers in unexpected need of a room to rest up in. A story about the revelry of a friend’s wedding reception in Slough should be enough to deflect any awkward questions.
Lestrade sipped his mug of unsweetened tea and wondered absently at his discovery, speculating that perhaps it arose from Sherlock's own social awkwardness, which, although Sherlock never let-on, Greg knew he was sensitive about. It was a new insight into the perplexing man who was Sherlock Holmes; a man Lestrade was very fond of, despite Sherlock's abrasive manner. Perhaps John would be the one to bring out Sherlock's warm human potential, thus far hidden from almost everyone. Lestrade hoped so.
"Sherlock for heaven's sake, be reasonable!"
They turned the water off and stepped out of the shower.  Sherlock reached for the towels he’d brought and dried John.  He then placed the luxurious new robe around his shoulders and said shyly, “For you, John.”
“Sherlock, shhh, shhh, easy, love, easy,” crooned John, alarmed at Sherlock’s treatment of himself. He hummed in Sherlock’s ear, trying to relax him, “Try slow and firm movements, and stroke the other way, down toward the base of your cock.”
Iċ bidde − please (i.e. please and thank you)
The next time John awoke, he was alone in Sherlock’s bed and rare London sunshine was streaming through the open curtains of the bedroom. John looked at the window in surprise; he hadn’t realized that Sherlock had a window in his room. Any time John had glimpsed Sherlock’s bedroom previously, it had been dim, if not actually dark. He looked around with interest. It was startlingly neat in contrast to the comfortable shambles in the living room and kitchen of the flat. Sherlock’s collections of bones, seeds and what-not were orderly displayed in the bookcase or framed and mounted on the walls. His silk dressing gowns, John grinned, were hung in order of preference with his best blue striped one first in the row. There were a few photographs too, head-shots of someone…John stared. Sherlock had several pictures of John himself spaced out around the room, one on his desk, two in the bookcase and one hanging on the wall behind the door-where one could see it when the door was closed. The one on the desk dated back to the first month they’d met; it was cut from a press-shot taken the day of the news conference following the shooting of the murderous cabbie; John remembered it as being the first time he’d seen himself appear in a newspaper.
"Dr. Watson?" queried a small voice from the darkness between them.
Sherlock gripped December closer, covered him once more with his coat and said something firm that sounded like, "They aren’t taking you anywhere."
When Sherlock returned, moments later, it was find John sobbing with his hands over his eyes, shoulders shaking and crying for Sherlock. Sherlock dropped the glass of water, adding to the mess on the floor and, with a roar of outrage, launched himself at the doctor only to be caught mid-air and flung to wall by the iron-fisted body guard. He was winding up for a second attempt on the doctor when he was stopped by John sobbing, "No, Sherlock! Stop it, please stop it!"
After a short silence Sherlock asked, “How can you be so sure I can change, John? What makes you believe that?”
The silence drew out, only short, shallow breaths could be heard, before a strangely gruff voice, hoarse and low asked, “You are… ælfwine?”
Sherlock walked toward them slowly. December couldn't be seen inside the coat, although he could be heard chattering happily, having had his meal and drink and also presumably feeling relatively dry and warm.
"There's nothing else Sherlock, I'm so grateful. Thank you. Now I can care for his body, put him to rest somewhere where I can visit him whenever I want. What you've done means everything, everything to me!"
Sherlock interrupted. “But only with you, John.  No one else.”
Sherlock hesitated and then said, "Many people who know me−including myself−believe I'm a sociopath…some even say a psychopath−"
“Séfte?” Sherlock queried.
John, his anxiety over Sherlock’s wellbeing fading at finding him unharmed, suddenly became overwhelmingly aware of Sherlock shirtless in the steam filled room. He stared. Sherlock’s broad shoulders and lean waist, hinted at under his clothing, were spectacularly confirmed when without a shirt.  His chest, abdomen and shoulders were strongly muscled. John’s eyes, of their own volition, followed the long lines and firm curves over bone… pectoralis major, serratus anterior, deltoid, external oblique... and on Sherlock’s skin − glorious surprise – there were scars; some faint, some bright, patterning Sherlock’s torso like a topographical map of miracles − healed skin drawn over rosy flesh.
"−Harvey's death!"
John was controlling his reactions now, to the best of his ability, knowing his rage and the physical aggression he felt toward Sebastian wasn’t helpful at that moment. He breathed deeply and said quietly, “Sherlock, what Sebastian did to you was wrong and cruel, not to mention criminal. It was not your fault, no matter what you think, and it should never have happened to you.”
Something was wrong. Sherlock was awkward, uncomfortable. Oh God, John thought, I shouldn't have stayed with him last night. What was I thinking! I’m always aroused in the morning, and this morning it was probably worse than usual, having spent the night so close to him. He noticed. Of course he did, he’s a detective for God’s sake!
“Yes…I’d love to feel you inside me, Sherlock.  And I’d love it if you came in me.  You know…” He lowered his voice to a dark whisper, “if you thrust into me and came deep inside…”
Resisting the strong urge to follow the sergeant and administer the harsh discipline he deserved − he would be dealt with appropriately later John promised himself angrily − instead he set his rifle aside and fell to one knee beside the injured omega.
John closed his eyes. "I was happy that afternoon Sherlock, it was a good day. Harvey had been away for most of the week and I was happy before this happened! The church is old and a bit run-down, but it's nice in a kind of threadbare way and peaceful."
"Sherlock…" moaned John miserably, emotionally overwrought and convinced his love was being killed.
“You are anxious, sad? Tell me, leifling.”
John’s voice was toneless as he said, “On our wedding night, in our bedroom, Harvey told me to get down on my hands and knees and keep my…face to the floor. He said that he was going to show me my place in our marriage in a way that I would never forget. I was a virgin Sherlock, I had no idea…”
Sherlock didn’t see John’s delighted smile behind him.  John touched the top of Sherlock’s head reverently.  His precious omega was obviously brilliant as well as courageous. Sherlock’s knowledge of languages was impressive − he was picking up John’s modern English at an astonishing rate and his Latin was flawless.  Of course he would also be the best hydrographer that existed! John’s heart swelled with pride.
The shock and confusion John was feeling at his physical reaction to Sherlock, caused him to frown and lower his head to glare down at the chicken soup he was stirring, as though it had done him some grievous offence.
“My needs, heartsweet, are not anything that you should be worrying about; now, or ever for that matter. I have no right to expect you to meet the sort of needs that I have at this moment. No one does.  Remember that always, leifling.”
John was still fluffing pillows when Sherlock emerged from the loo. Sherlock's side of the bed was now mounded in so many duvets that it looked like an overblown field mushroom. John cheerfully patted the bed and as Sherlock climbed in he proceeded to mound the duvets up over Sherlock and, for heaven's sake, was John tucking him in? It was going to be a long night of thinking, not to mention a very hot one.
Sherlock blushed and lowered his gaze.
“There were other survivors and they went to the mountains?”
As they stepped out of the vehicle, the rain began to pound down in earnest. Looking for Sherlock and December, John spotted them across the street apparently deep in conversation about something (the optimal placement of sewer drainage emergency discharge overflows to reduce the risk of urban flooding, Sherlock had informed him later). As Sherlock looked across at them and John read the expression on his face, he quailed inwardly. Dear God he thought watching Sherlock approach, this may not go well…
"The baby, Sherlock! Geoffrey! It's too soon, it has to stop! Please help me!"
Utterly out of control within seconds, he didn’t wait for an answer. He tore the T-shirt away from Sherlock to expose the whiteness of his belly and genitals to the torchlight. Sherlock appeared untouched but to John, maddened by aggressive alpha instinct and tortured with unfamiliar emotions, even this action wasn’t enough to reassure him that Sherlock hadn’t been violated by the other alphas. He could not scent Sherlock; all he could smell was the odour of his rivals on Sherlock’s skin and it was driving him wild. He snarled and pushed Sherlock’s slender thighs apart to see for himself what, if anything, had been done to his omega. Spiraling into madness completely, he even had the wild idea of claiming Sherlock as his own, right then and there. A remote part of his mind tried to protest, horrified by his sexual aggressiveness, but it wasn’t strong enough to stop him.
The Simarine had been renowned in the region as peacemakers; dedicated to protecting the Sidesan Lakes and the surrounding woods for the use and benefit of all. They were as at home in the water as they were on land due to their unusual adaptations of syndactyly for fast swimming and specialized eyelids which protected their excellent under-water vision. The decimation of this unique human population and the precious ecosystem they inhabited was one of the worst atrocities of the war to date.
“Elevate his surveillance status to Grade Three−Active. Or higher. From here on in.”
Sherlock nodded abruptly and took a jerking step forward, his eyes pleading with John to forgive, to understand…
Sherlock was horrified. John was ill! Why hadn't he seen it sooner!? Why hadn't he insisted that John tell him what was wrong yesterday when he'd first noticed something off!?
Sherlock, who had gone still and quiet at John’s initial outburst, now began to shake in distress. “Fierdrinc, what is wrong?!”
John sighed and decided to make dinner. Sherlock’s appetite had been weak lately, even more so than usual. Perhaps John could tempt him into eating some of his favourite mushroom risotto when he returned.
John could feel Sherlock start to shake and weep in earnest.  He pulled him tightly against him and prayed this all wasn’t too much, too soon…perhaps he’d said too much…pushed Sherlock too hard.
John's voice was flat. "Well, you are too late in my case aren't you, Mr. Holmes?"
The object of John's thoughts, finding himself in the midst of a morning filled with the surprising and the unexpected, was at that moment hastily departing a crime scene at which he had only just arrived. He had taken one look at the victim and, ignoring Lestrade's exclamation of consternation, had hailed a cab, climbed in and sped away without a word of explanation.
“Open your eyes, please. Look at me…” John’s quiet request stopped Blackburn’s ramblings, although his coughing and gasping for air continued.
John placed a kiss on Sherlock’s head. “Do you know what my observations tell me, Sherlock?”
“I am called Shærlock… but,” the youth’s gaze dropped shyly before lifting again to meet John’s, “I… liked it when you called me… Ælfscíene…”
If John was to be in time, he had to learn where the attack would take place, he couldn’t simply follow the group any longer; he had to go straight to where it would happen. He scanned for likely locations; narrow allies, hidden doorways, but no…it would have to be somewhere where they wouldn’t be heard; flats had windows open in this heat, so it would have to be somewhere else…where would four Alphas drag an Omega for uninterrupted sport?
“Well, we will find out what went wrong and then we will discuss what you will do to rectify the situation.  Ask Robert Trenholm to pay me a visit. Immediately, if you would.”
"Hmmmm?" said John.
“John, I−”
John couldn’t have stopped even if he’d wanted to but he wondered if this would be too much for Sherlock, if Sherlock was pushing himself too far. But when John opened his eyes to seek Sherlock’s, he saw only wonder and love in them; no fear, no anxiety, and he could have cried with relief.
Sherlock glanced at John who allowed nothing of his feelings to show on his face.  He simply asked, “What did she do, Sherlock?”
“I’m not tired.”
At this trusting expression of forgiveness, John’s iron suit of armour, the heavy burden of the warrior−already weakened by the sweet ways of this lovely, other-worldly creature−cracked and fell away entirely. Holding Sherlock, he felt something brilliant and new burst forth from within; infinitely stronger than the leaden armour it replaced, burning through him with the power of a hundred suns. With a choked exclamation he bent his head toward the undeniable cause of it; the seemingly magical being he held in his arms.
John couldn't keep the shock out of his voice as he stilled and stared into the corner of the dingy room − the locked door of which Sherlock had just put his shoulder through. When something had first caught his attention he had assumed that it was an animal, a stray dog or cat, sheltering in a deserted building on a cold winter day. And it was cold for London, not at all nice weather for Christmas Eve.
John stilled and stared at him in utter shock at this outburst. Sherlock, breathing heavily, suddenly stopped his shouting and stared back at John as though he was just as shocked at what he’d said. Then he turned abruptly to drag open the windows and lean out of the flat as if desperate for air. But not before John caught what he realized, incredulously, was the glimmer of tears in his eyes.
John’s eager submission was the most erotic experience imaginable for Sherlock and no amount of willpower in the world could have stopped him from reacting to it as he did. With an aggressive growl, he gripped John’s arms and flipped him onto his back, pushing John’s thighs apart with his own and rising over him in Alpha triumph.
Sherlock stilled and observed John carefully.  After a moment he said, “Ah.  You are angry with me, John. Why?”
“I don’t think so.”
John studied him carefully before saying, “Alright, but I think a bath is more advisable, given the state of your coordination and balance.”
“Oh yeah, I reckon as much as the next bloke.”
John smiled, “I’d love that.”
John was feeling puzzled. "No. No, he isn't Sherlock. You met him; he is like that all the time. He…" He looked away uncomfortably. He had said too much.
It was the first time since their brief exchange in the car that Blackburn had spoken coherently.
John looked up at Sherlock; his eyes were afraid but his expression resigned. Then Sherlock's arms went around him and he was holding and patting John and murmuring tenderly, "It's alright now. I'm here. You saved my life, it's alright now. Don't be afraid, you won't be arrested, I'll fix this for you."
Long seconds passed. He’d almost given up all hope when he became aware of something… something not quite an answer to his call… not a response, something different−fainter and weaker…
Sherlock flashed Lestrade's police ID. "Detective Inspector Lestrade of New Scotland Yard. I'm here to interview John Smith if he is well enough to answer some questions. And you would be …ah…I believe I know, his husband…Mr...er…Harvey Smith, if I'm not mistaken?"
His quiet contemplation was interrupted by a startling, unmistakable moan of pain. He knew immediately that it had come from Sherlock’s room and he sat sharply upright, battle ready, straining to hear any other sound. A moan came again this time louder so he scrambled from bed and quickly descended the stairs to knock urgently on Sherlock’s door.
“It’s okay John! But I just need you, please!”
It was in the midst of this slight scuffle that there was a knock on the door and a voice that sounded like the cook’s from the kitchen called a cheerful, “G’morning mates. Ere’s your breakfast.”
The creature under the bed was quiet again apart from its increasingly laboured breathing, possibly considering the truthfulness of John’s assertion.
Tears were beginning to slide from the corners of Sherlock’s eyes. He sniffed. “It’s okay John, but I don’t understand you! I really don’t!”
“Ah,” said Sherlock.  He explained, “I was curious about the hair on your face,” he looked bashful and added, “I…I should not have touched you, but...” he paused, “I wanted to.”
Sherlock, who had been scanning the room for possible exits from the building they were trapped in, stopped and turned to look. He stared into the corner with an intent expression on his face, the one that indicated he was thinking rapidly. When he finally spoke it was to say abruptly, "John, do something." He then resumed his appraisal of the room, his coat whirling in dark circles around his long legs.
John winced and suppressed the sudden fierce rage that flooded his chest from the knowledge that anyone would refer to a child in such a manner.
But Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him. He continued to walk deliberately away from John and toward Bill.
He seemed to be making an impression for John quieted.
Sherlock returned his look and was still for a moment before looking away and enquiring cheerfully, "Breakfast, December?"
If Sherlock didn’t realize it though, should John tell him? If he did say something, what if he was wrong or if no further developments occurred? He would have upset Sherlock and perhaps strained their relationship for no good reason. If on the other hand he didn’t say anything and Sherlock was suddenly blind-sided by it in the future, the outcome could be devastating for him. He’d been pretty clear that he didn’t want any part of a typical Omega reproductive cycle.
When John had addressed Blackburn earlier the man had listened to him, so in the same firm tone, John assured Blackburn that he would not be gone long and ordered him to remain still, placing a hand on Blackburn’s shoulder for emphasis. Blackburn nodded abruptly, lucid for an instant before reverting to slurred mumbling.  John gave him a concerned final glance and exited the room, locking the door behind him and hastily descending the stairs to collect his baggage from the car.
This statement was glaringly false but Sherlock and John had both learned the futility of trying to dispute it.
The tub was filling slowly; water was at a premium in these dry lands so the pressure was low. While he waited, John turned his attention to the youth's clothing. He was wearing a robe-like garment made of light fabric. John had pulled it partly away from his body earlier in order to check for injuries. He began to unwind the rest of it now, not wanting to add any more dirt to the bath than what was already on the boy himself. The robe could be washed later.
Dirt smudged, bruised and with his usual vitality noticeably absent, Sherlock displayed an unusual vulnerability; his movements were cautious and his manner halting; like someone awakening to find their old body had been replaced by a strange new one with no familiar features. He sank up to his neck in the warm water and rested his head back against the tub with closed eyes. John knelt beside the tub and with soap, started at the top of Sherlock’s head where he would work his way down in his search for injuries. He noted a bruised forehead and temple; pain in Sherlock’s left shoulder from fighting his restraints−John frowned angrily remembering the sight of Sherlock being bound and forced to his knees−and tenderness in his lower abdomen where there was a large red mark, possibly from a boot...
An achingly poignant silence followed until it was broken by Mycroft's cool voice. “Quite right.  In any case Sherlock, I’ve accepted a job on your behalf; MI6 needs you in Eastern Europe...” Seeing John’s horrified expression, Mycroft paused to remark with some condescension, “It’s perfectly safe, I’m told.”
“The elders would thank you, Ælfric.” Even as he said it, Sherlock’s mouth trembled and his eyes filled with tears.
He felt himself being pulled back gently and heard Sherlock voice, husky and deep, behind him.  “Show me, John.”  He breathed in John’s ear, “Show me how to please you.” He drew John’s hand down to cover his own where it was caressing John’s cock.
A pause.  “Good, John. Good. And you?”
There was what could only be described as a taken aback silence on the other end of the line. But it was only momentary; the remote drawl sounded again, “How very singular of you, Captain. Why, may I ask, should I?”
Sherlock shook his head. "I…I don't think so John." He was silent for several seconds. "I…am very glad you are here now." And I can help you live, he thought. "I can't bring Geoffrey back but I will help you in every other way."
“I think we’ll suit each other quite well. I’m gender-neutral and your reproductive system is seriously compromised due to depression and PTSD. In my mind that makes the arrangement ideal, don’t you think?”
Captain John Watson heard the rough order and a scuffle outside his tent followed by a grunt, the sort emitted when someone is struck with a kick or a punch, followed by a derisive laugh.
But what could come of it? The situation was complicated; it wasn't as though they could just keep a child who was presumably someone else's as though he was a lost kitten or puppy…
“Sherlock, I’m not leaving−not unless you want me to.” He listened but Sherlock made no reply. So he said, “I’ve made tea. Can we have a truce? I’m worried about your head. May I please look at it?”
“I want to take you in my mouth, to suck you, Sherlock, may I?”
Meeting her eyes in silent gratitude, John accepted the baby, drawing him close with a deep sigh before dropping his eyes to gaze downward.
ealdmóder – grandmother
This small being would not die if John could have anything to do with it!  He lifted the cot in one quick motion and scooped up the still form beneath it.  He kicked the bed back into position and lay his unconscious patient down.  He began emergency procedures; checking airways, heart rate, blood pressure… looking for signs of external bleeding, internal bleeding, concussion... He grasped for the medical kit on the top of his pack and tore it open; pulling out oxygen and a fluid drip.  Working at lightning speed, easy for him after many years of treating the injured in the worst of conditions, he had everything necessary in place and attached to his patient within seconds.
Sherlock tossed his mobile aside leaving nothing but dead air in response to a sputtering Mycroft, whom he had been haranguing to hurry with the doctor.
"Yes, John," Sherlock sounded somewhat dazed, which was to be expected, but also tender and loving. "Yes, John. I am very happy."
“Sherlock?”
John, who had been on high alert for any sign of trouble, was not caught off-guard.  He quickly covered Sherlock with the bed sheet and leaned over him protectively.
Now finally, the church almost empty of others, John saw Sherlock approaching him and all but glowed; radiant with happiness that Sherlock was unharmed and as confident and commanding as ever, if not more so due to his satisfaction at having solved a difficult case. Sherlock, his eyes on John's face couldn't reach him fast enough; his long legs gracefully vaulting three chairs in succession on his way to where John was sitting. From there it was difficult to say the order of things, but arms reached to hold, eyes met and then slid closed as eager mouths found and clung to one another. There were two blissful moans, one deep and resounding in the now empty church and the other a little higher, a light sound of pure joy.
Bringing himself back to the present, Lestrade, with the niceties attended to and sensing that his two hosts would rather be alone together−even if they weren't quite fully aware of it themselves yet−got down to business.
John sat back in his chair and tried to pull his hand from Sherlock's firm grip. Shame flooded his face.
The result of John’s decision, apparently, was that Sherlock felt he was being ‘mother hen-ed’. Well, he probably is thought John ruefully, but his concern was so strong that he had difficulty backing off. However, on this afternoon, in the interests of giving Sherlock some space, he bid him a casual good-bye and took himself off on a quick trip to the shops. He’d pick up some creamed honey for their tea. He had discovered that Sherlock had a fondness for it and he knew they were out.
“I want to look at you, may I?”
Studying John’s frozen expression and his shaking fists, now clenched at his sides, Sherlock added, “I told you, John, I am a freak. I may have the anatomy of an Omega but I’ve never felt sexually attracted to anyone, Alpha, Beta or Omega, I don’t have heats and I’m not the slightest bit paternal.” He paused, “Years ago, when I still cared, I tried therapy, but it failed. I accepted then that I am permanently like this." When John didn't respond he said, "It could be worse couldn’t it? It’s quite convenient actually, and certainly less messy.” He quirked an eyebrow at John in mock amusement.
He stroked John’s wrists, taking reassurance from his steady pulse and continued, “I’m talking about how deeply I have fallen in love you John; it happened just as surely and as swiftly as spring emerges from winter and just as inevitably.  You now mean everything to me and I want always to be the one who loves you, protects you, makes you happy and ensures that you never want for anything.  May I please be the one, John?  Would you think about marrying me one day?  I can wait as long as you want, forever, in fact.  Forever is fine as long as I can be by your side while you think about it.  Please?
A figure, indistinguishable in the glare, stepped from one of the vehicles and a now familiar voice said, “Come along, baby brother.  Mommy is beside herself on your account and father has locked himself in the billiards room and you know how that upsets the household…”
ælfwine – friend of the elves
Sensing Sherlock had not moved, John said again, without looking up, “Let’s go. Now, Sherlock!”
The omega was indeed slender and finely formed. But perhaps not starved as John had assumed earlier, rather, just of a naturally slight build. There were no ribs standing out on his bruised chest, which was heaving from the effort of breathing−John was not exactly sure why this was so, but the strain on the boy's body was evident−perhaps it was a chest infection but the symptoms weren't quite right…
"But how? I don't understand."
It was about three quarters of an hour into their trip that they rounded a particularly sharp curve to be confronted with the sight of a black Mercedes parked, blocking a desolate intersection. Beside the vehicle, with their weapons drawn and pointed at them, were two men.
Blackburn opened his eyes again to stare at John.  He said, “You’re a doctor.  A military doctor...” Then, in alarm he said, “Stay away from Moriarty. He’s mad!” He fought to rise. “He’ll kill you!”
